 Feral Audio.
  Warning.
 Today's episode contains a scandalous discussion of drugs at Disneyland, a thrilling  Cliff Notes-style history of H.
H.
 Holmes and his Chicago murder house, and an alarmingly  sincere journey through It's a Small World with guest Marissa Strickland.
 Strap yourself  in, it's Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a podcast about theme parks where three men talk at each other  in a way that alienates their wives and girlfriends.
 We are part of Feral Audio, home of great podcasts  like Dough Boys and Teen Creeps and a whole bunch of other great things.
 Joining me as always,  Jason Sheridan.
  Hi.
  And Scott Gardner.
  Hi.
 I think it helps to not do this around my wife because it saves her in person from  having to hear, for having to be talked at about these topics.
  Yeah, I think that's why we kind of did this.
 We could get out of the house and then we  could take the burden off of our significant others.
  Yeah, they can only take so much.
 And by the way, I don't even mean to act like they're  like so, oh my God, like Lindsay listens to a lot of this.
 My girlfriend, Lindsay, listens  to a ton of this stuff.
  Yeah.
 Oh, it's primarily what Erin and I talk about and do together.
  It's just that when hour five rolls around, that's when it starts to become tiresome for  her.
  And you're actually in the park talking about the, complaining about the park.
  Yeah, well that too.
 I mean, it's everywhere.
 It's in bed, it's in the park, it's in Red  Lobster, it's in wherever you go, it's coming.
  It's in your ears here on Feral Audio, which is what this podcast is on with lots of other  great podcasts you can check out and you should.
  Yes, please do.
  And listeners, more importantly, Mike said, wives and girlfriends, but Jason is single  and ready to wiggle for all of you folks out there.
  Well, let's bring our guest in because I want to talk about some things.
 We're going to  get into a whole discussion about It's a Small World, the great Disney ride.
  And joining us today to talk about it is Marissa Strickland, writer, actor, improviser, lover  of things.
 Welcome to the show.
  Oh my gosh, thank you so much for having me.
 I love things.
  I wouldn't say that.
  You hadn't listed her credits before.
 Now that I know, I'm intimidated.
  That just sort of came, lover of things just sort of came in.
 It just seems like it does  fit, right?  I think I'm a person that wants to love in this world, so sure, I'll throw out some things.
  Geez.
 So what a perfect topic we have.
 What a delightful, earnest, love worthy ride we  have today.
 Very excited.
  But first, I just wanted to talk, Jason came in a little late today.
  Oh boy, we are going to do this, huh?  Yeah, it was his birthday yesterday, so happy birthday to Jason.
  Thank you very much.
  And we had a nice time at a bar and Jason had, I think what, three beers?  I had three beers and I feel like I am dying.
  So I just wanted to put that out there because the audience is going to sense, oh, something's  wrong with Jason.
 And I just want them to be put at ease that he's okay.
  Yeah, I'm fine.
  It's just that when you're in your thirties, three beers and only 10 hours of sleep will  really knock you out.
  Not peaceful, not good sleep.
 I usually sleep like the dead.
 That was not the case yesterday.
  I drove Jason home from this event and you made a real point out of not only I knew the  number of the beers, you were listing stats, three beers and 9 a.
m.
 I will happily wake  up, do some research, get in the game on today's podcast.
 And then you sense it was more, it  was an 11, 15?  Yeah, something like that.
 Yeah, you know, it's much like the blue sky process that happens  in theme park ride creation.
 Very early on, they've got very grand visions and eventually  they scale that back.
 So 9 a.
m.
 quickly went to 11, 15 and I went, oh no, I have to be  there at noon.
  I think blue sky also sticks to a schedule.
  They do! Kind of, sure.
  I just like the very specific announcement of the plans, which as soon as you walked  in you communicated the plans were not adhered to.
  Did not happen.
  You texted like at 11, 45 that you were running a little late and I was like, oh, he just  woke up.
 That was my assumption that you had woken up and texted that and then possibly  fell back asleep.
 But it was not true.
 So yeah, everything's fine.
 You're here, you're  doing all right.
  But we had to have that Marin-esque moment of true confessional content to discuss your  three beer issue.
  Oh yeah.
  Well, that's it.
 Yeah, that's a feedback.
  We're brave of you to go into it today, honestly.
  The feedback we're getting is that they want a lot more personal dirt from us and stuff,  like really what's going on behind the podcast.
  We'll shortly get to who my guys are, right? Who are your guys?  I assume it's Imagineers.
 It's Raleigh Crump.
  Raleigh Crump.
  Yeah, I'm sure.
 Joe Roady.
  Both Davises.
 Jeff and Alice.
  And head of parks and resorts, Bob Chapek as well.
 Disney parks and resorts.
  Had a lot of Chapek talk lately.
  Why would any wife or girlfriend be alienated by the references we're pulling out here?  These names.
 Anyway.
  Anyway, Marissa.
  Hi.
  Hey.
  Marissa, Marissa Siklin's still here.
  She's still here listening to this.
 Thank you for that.
 So what, like you love Kitsch  and Fun and theme park and do you, like what is your personal relationship with the concept  of a theme park?  Oh, that's interesting.
 I feel like as a child, I mean I grew up in Southern California, so  I would go to Disneyland once a year, but my parents hated theme parks.
 So like they  pondered off on my mom's best friend's daughter to take me to Disneyland.
 So we'd go like  once a year and it was like a big event, even though we lived an hour away from Disneyland.
  It's like we could have easily gone much more frequently, but my parents like don't like  corporate things.
 They're very like, uh, like the kind of music they gave me to listen to  was like, um, you know, protest music from Nicaragua.
 So it was like a six year old like  listening to like Nicaragua protest music.
 I thought that was cool.
 And I like brought  it to school and everyone was like, what are you doing? So, um, my parents were very like  anti Disneyland.
 Like they thought it was gross.
 They gave me the opportunity to go  cause they're like, oh, this is fun for kids, but it's not, yeah, it's not what we want  to do with our kids.
 So our kid and only one.
  Right.
 And haven't you told me that then in your, in the later years, your mom and your  stepdad went, go to Disneyland and enjoy it?  Yeah.
 So basically my step, I have a step brother and he has two children and like they've  gone to Disneyland with those kids who are now like, uh, you know, early teens and, uh,  my stepdad, which is the funniest thing, he's like in his seventies and he got stuck on  the roller coaster in California adventure, like on the top of the roller coaster.
  California screaming, the ride broke down, right?  Yeah, it broke down.
 So he was just stuck up there and he was like, Hey, you're just  like happy.
  You could see him from,  I wasn't there, but everyone was like, Bob's just up there.
 Um, and then he was like, happiest  can be.
 He's like a very sweet round man with a gray ponytail.
  Sounds like a typical theme park goer.
 Yes.
 Um, we're working on ours.
 We'll grow ours.
  I've already got the round part.
  Three beers will do that to you.
  Okay.
 But like, yeah, let lifelong Disneyland go in spite as a rebellion against your, your  parents.
 That was the way perhaps to,  I slightly like, I feel like it was just like a childhood thing.
 Like I loved going and  I thought it was like fun and enjoyable.
 Um, and then the last time I went until recently  was like for grad night when I was 18.
 Cause like everybody in Southern California, many  people go to grad night there.
  I did a grad night.
 I did two grad nights.
 I got to go again with my sister a couple  years later.
 Yeah.
 Very exciting to do too.
 Very privileged.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I don't think  we've talked about grad nights.
  Cause Jason and I don't have this.
 We're not from around here.
 We, uh, we would have to  go to Disney world once in a while.
 So I did go with the high school band when I was 18,  which is the closest thing to a grad with like all a bunch of like scumbag 18 year olds.
  Did they just cram you guys into the, an all star hotel?  No, it was offsite.
 We had to stay offsite from it.
 We did not stay at Disney property.
  It was like some Hyatt or Hilton that was like off.
 They'd have to bus us in.
 Living  like animals.
 Yeah.
 We took a bus down there, four kids to a room.
  Did they tape you in? Did they tape us in? I know when I went on like a school trip to  Washington DC, they taped the, uh, the doors of the hotel so they'd know if you opened  your door overnight.
 Cause the tape would be, the seal would be broken.
 Like a fucking  spy movie.
 Yeah.
 Not as advanced as lasers.
 Yeah.
 It's an, an intrusion alarm you could  trip.
 I don't remember if there was tape.
 I remember there was some controversy of some  kids getting like getting out at night, but I don't, well, first of all, it was not me.
  I would never, I would never go against the rules of the, of the school and the teachers.
  I would never make them upset with me.
 Certainly not.
 That's just not who I am or was.
 Let's  make one thing clear.
 15 years ago, Mike was, uh, I remember the big, yeah, yeah.
 The biggest,  I think the biggest thing I felt like I was getting away with was I would have Sprite  for breakfast every morning.
 We would eat breakfast and whatever the hotel place was.
  And I would just like, I'd be like, you know what, I'm going to have Sprite.
 Like, I don't  know.
 I get to have Sprite for breakfast.
 And I was like, I'm going to have it every  day.
 And I did.
 I was very proud of myself.
 Meek rebellion is the theme of this episode  and the podcast in general.
 Did you pour it into your cereal? No, no, that's too far.
  That would be insane.
 I'll get you to the insane asylum if you're doing something like  that.
 But Grad, I mean, what was Grad night like from two Grad night goers? Um, neither  of you.
 I, uh, well as like a then theme park nerd, I really enjoyed it, but I was all snobby  because they were playing like hits of 2003 instead of, you know, the charming barbershop  quartet and country shanties that you'd typically hear in the park.
 Uh, you know, I didn't want  to hear ushers.
 Yeah.
 And in the club.
 Yeah, that's the way they make it for teens.
 Yeah.
  They do.
 They do.
 Uh, to, you know, turn it into some damn teen nightclub.
 And I didn't,  I didn't like it, but I had fun anyway.
 Uh, I mean, running around the park like all nights  and, uh, uh, you know, yeah.
 Staying up all night and the ultimate rebellion, the ultimate  unique rebellion.
 After you have your Sprite, you can stay up.
 Oh man, I'm getting such  a sugar high right now.
 Uh, I dunno.
 What was your, uh, what was your Grad night? Um,  what I remember is that like they bused us down cause it was like an hour bus ride and,  um, I remember I was in the bus I didn't want to be in.
 So like, that's one of my biggest  memories is being like, all my friends are in the other bus.
 Um, but, uh, I was with  a group of people that, that definitely, uh, snuck some illicit drugs into the park.
 Um,  this is the other end of the spectrum to Mike's.
 Mike's are probably at sneak, uh, sneaking  Sprite at breakfast.
 Like Sprite and pill form.
 What kind of drugs are we talking about?  Sugar pills.
 Shoei sprees.
 Shoei sprees.
 This one pill packs the power of four Sprites.
  I'm afraid man.
 Uh, no, it was like ecstasy and cocaine.
 So just like crammed into your  belly button and taped in or, uh, finding all the little spots that they didn't frisk  you.
 Um, and like the, the country, they frisked us.
 Oh wow.
 Did they do that to you? Um, I  remember there was, there was kind of a drug pat and maybe, maybe a dog was led onto the  bus as well.
 Wow.
 And I also remember people like, like taping drugs and then sneaking  them in and also puritanical 18 year old, like, but you can enjoy Disneyland perfectly  sober.
 What do they need that for? Usher.
 I was such a grouch.
 Um, I'm chiller now if  you can imagine as I do my theme park podcast.
 Um, wait, okay.
 So how did, how did the night  play out for? Um, the night was really fun at the time.
 Like I was a cigarette smoker  too.
 And, um, so like I had this like genius move to like, um, I know you guys are men,  so maybe you don't have as, as much familiarity with tampons.
 Um, but I like open tampon wrappers,  took out the tampon and put cigarettes inside of the applicator, the cardboard applicator  and then smoked them inside the, you know, opened them up and then smoke them, uh, in  the park.
 And that's what I remember being the scariest part was like trying to find  a smoking area because like none of us were supposed to smoke at all.
 But wait, no one  in the park.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You, you were 18 at the time.
 Yeah, but it still was grad night.
  So there's like lots of like funky rules.
 Extra rules.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 And I don't know  if I was 18.
 I turned 18 in April and I don't, I assume grad night was probably in May or  June.
 So I'm guessing I was 18, but I don't know.
 But they have to have these uniform  rules.
 Totally.
 Yeah.
 And I remember just like going by like the bathrooms by like the  Matterhorn or something and be like, Oh, I'll smoke this cigarette really fast.
 Fast cigarette.
  What a pleasure.
 Oh yeah.
 It's a nice suck down.
 That's the best part about cigarettes.
  They're so efficient.
 And in and out.
 Was there, was that your innovation to hide them  in there? Yes.
 And I still think it's a really good, it is good.
 That's what I wondered.
  Like I super glued the packet back together.
 So like if anybody looked at them, they would  be like, Oh, this is a tampon and it feels like a tampon because it's inside the cardboard  applicator.
 But then if you open it up, there's two cigarettes.
 It's pretty cool.
 Yeah.
 I  remember, I mean, this isn't theme park related, but I remember like I had, I had, Oh, I shouldn't  say this, but marijuana.
 My mom will be mad.
 Uh, somebody had given it to me in like college  and I didn't want it.
 So I like put it like in a, like a tube, like I think it was like  a tennis ball case and put those are see-through.
 Yeah.
 Well, wait, wait, that's true.
 That's  true.
 But then they like stuffed like different things in there.
 And then I put, I'm trying  to think like it was in like an air freshener or something.
 And I was like, well, no, no,  no one will ever find this.
 I got it.
 If somebody, and I was like, I was very nervous about it.
  And of course, like who's looking, who cares? And I think I may have put it in my trunk  and then like, I don't know even know what happened to it.
 So the, a much more calm process  probably than me trying to hide drugs.
 Well, if they had found that they would have just  thought you were a weird man.
 It's like, wait, why is he carrying around a tennis ball holder  filled with air fresheners? Like the Christmas tree kind? No, I think, you know what I think  maybe I sprayed like Febreze, like whatever the version of that is in it.
 So it'll be  like, well that'll throw off the dogs.
 The dogs will never smell if they smell the Febreze  or the air freshener, Pine Sol.
 Your intense weeks long home alone-esque plan.
  Oh God, so sad.
 Just the saddest.
 If they catch me, the string will trigger the bowling  ball that smashes the door in that'll distract them.
 And the catabolt will shoot them across  the yard.
 There was a story just recently of people like being asked to leave, like  they had marijuana edibles on them and they had their California medicinal marijuana cards,  but Disney still, I think has a no zero tolerance, like not on property.
 And they, they just  either I think they just threw them out and let them in the park or they're like, eh,  we got to let you, you can come back tomorrow.
 But I don't know.
 Oh, but they got found out  because there was a plain clothes security guy.
 There's, there's plain clothes security  people scattered throughout the parks and they, the guy was behind them in line.
 Like  he was just a regular guest and heard them talking about like, right.
 So it's an important  thing to remember if you're at the park and you see a guy with a giant Jack Skellington  sweatshirt and a big beard, that could be a cop.
 You always got to be on your toes.
 It  could just be a sad guy.
 Oh, how nice to know you can get secret shops as a Disney ticket  holder.
 I paid my under dollar admission and now can't bring in legal drugs that I was  prescribed.
 Yeah.
 We're making the park sound real fun and salonating for any potential.
  So what was, what was the experience like being a little bit out of your mind? The main  thing I remember from grad night is just like, it was fun that it was dark.
 Like, do you  know what I mean? Like it was nighttime.
 It's just like colors.
 And I found $20 on space  mountain.
 So that's like the thing that like sticks out to me.
 And I was like, whoa, it  was very cool.
 Jason's hat just flew off.
 That would be the best day of my life.
 One  of my favorite rides and finding $20.
 It was very cool.
 And I like looked around.
 It was  just a $20 bill.
 And I was like, there's no way to return it.
 So it's mine, you know?  Right.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You're not going to go report it.
 No.
 Although if you had,  if you were talking loudly about it, a secret shopper behind you may have requested that  you take it to the lost and found.
 And if you were Scott Jason or I, you would have  run up immediately to the employee and say, excuse me.
 I found $20 on the ride.
 I'd like  you to find the rightful owner, please.
 Where's the sprite? I've had too much sprite.
 Stop  the ride.
 It is a financial emergency.
 Shut all the rides at the park down.
 We need to  find the owner.
 Oh, we're fucking losers.
 So now that you're trapped here in a, in a  den of nerds, let's get into it.
 It's a small world.
 This was, this was your area of discussion  and yeah, let's hear about it.
 Let's hear your, your personal connection to this ride.
  Why did you choose it? What's the deal? I think, um, I, it's, it's a ride I've always  liked.
 Basically there was like a 10 year gap where I didn't go to Disneyland and then  I started going, you know, in the last like five years.
 And, um, every time I go on it,  I think I cry.
 I cry most, most of the times I go on it.
 Um, because it like, that is the  world I want to live in like so bad.
 So for those of you who might not know this iconic  ride, it's, it's basically a boat ride, uh, at Disney.
 It's most, at most of the Disney  parks.
 It's a little boat ride through an idealized world where a bunch of little children  from all the nations of the world sing the same song in different languages and they  just, they're having a G rated party basically.
 Yeah.
 And it's just like, like just the idea  of everyone singing the same song, bringing what they have, like it's about inclusion.
  It's about like celebrating our differences and like in the positive way rather than like  seeing them as like dividing factors.
 And it's colorful and I love color.
 Sure.
 It's  interesting because the small world is probably the most earnest ride ever maybe.
 And maybe  not ever.
 I don't know.
 That's a crazy thing, but like it's very earnest and I feel like  it gets a bad rap.
 I think people think it's like for kids, like little kids.
 When people  are like terrified by it, I think, like I think it is so hyper positive that some people  are like afraid of it.
 Our, our engineer Brendan was just talking about his, uh, his friends  who like, like had a bad trip on the ride and uh, like, like they were, they were on  acid or something and it was going well until that ride and then all of the dolls freaked  them out.
 Uh, but I think like, I don't know.
 It's like, yeah, it's gotten that rap over  the years, which is funny because I don't think there's anything nefarious, certainly  not in the creation of it.
 It is like so disarmingly sweet and sincere.
 Um, I think too, maybe like  people being afraid of it is because of like horror movies.
 Like anytime you see anything  really like sweet and childish or something like that, people are like, ah, that that's  going to come to life and eat me or something.
 I don't know.
  And like lots of tiny dolls altogether.
 I can see the potential for, for terror in it.
  There's, there's probably something psychological.
 If you were to meet a person that just feels  completely like everything is good.
 Like there's something a little bit like strange about,  about something like that, that doesn't have any sort of, like there's an apparent lack  of like anything cynicism or, or,  I will say on, on it's a small world.
 They do say it's a world of laughter and a world  of tears.
 So they're, they're aware that they're, you know what I mean? We've got both sides  in the way.
  Let's get it out in the open.
  Yeah.
  There's tears.
 We help each other.
 We, uh, we move on together.
 We work together.
 It's,  uh, yeah, I don't know.
 Looking at the purely sweet side of it.
 I, uh, yeah, let's, let's,  let's stick with that.
 I like the sweet side of it.
  I think part of the, like the weird, the, the, uh, fear of the rock that is the song,  that song just, uh, uh, plays forever.
 Like it's just a loop and, uh, uh, uh, it's a lovely  Sherman Brothers song.
 Uh, but according to, uh, the Wikipedia entry, uh, of this ride,  the original soundtrack was even more horrifying because, and I'm reading here, it's tentative  soundtrack featured the national anthems of each country represented throughout the ride,  all playing at once, which resulted in a disharmonic cacophony.
 Uh, and Walt is the, you know,  walk through or heard this and was like, this is, uh, bad.
 We can't do this.
  What a lesson to learn about, uh, separatism and not working together.
  I love that they did it like that.
 They were like, no one questioned that that would be  a bad idea.
 They were just like, yeah, we'll play all the songs at once.
  Well, if you're moving throughout, I can see how it's that idea would seem like a good  idea until like sound bleeds, you know?  Also like all of these meandering tempo lists, different keys, different languages, all clashing.
  Uh, no, uh, national anthems are not really like hummable, uh, is, is the thing.
 Maybe  you could, maybe you know your own national anthem, but, uh, you know, the, the stress  spangled banner is not like a real hooky poppy kind of song.
 Uh, it's difficult to say, let  alone like, does anyone know any other national anthem?  Oh Canada.
  Yeah.
 But then like you, if I said, start singing, Oh Canada, you're gone.
 And like  four lines, I would imagine.
  I think after our home in native land, that's where I.
 Sure.
 Yes.
 Okay.
 After seven words.
  Yeah.
 I don't, I, the only one I can think of is Radiohead's national anthem, but that's  not a real one.
 That's not real.
 Uh, yeah.
 So it is, so the hist, let's go to a little  history.
 Uh, this was originally, uh, created for the world's fair.
  Yeah.
 The 1964 New York world's fair.
  Uh, right.
 And it was sponsored by Pepsi.
 And a weird fact about it is that it was approved  by Joan Crawford.
  Yeah.
 Joan Crawford, uh, so this ride came together in 11 months.
 Like Disney was doing  multiple pavilions at the world's fair.
 And for whatever reason, Pepsi just did not have  their shit together.
 And Joan Crawford was married to the late head of Pepsi at the time.
  And she was the one who reached out to Walt Disney and was like, you can fix this.
 You  can turn this around.
  And he did.
  And he did.
  Because he could do anything.
  In a very short amount, in like 11 months, a very short amount of time.
 He was also doing  the pavilions for the state of Illinois, Ford, General Electric, and Kodak.
  Which is where the Abraham Lincoln animatronic came from and the, the carousel of progress,  right? And the dinosaurs, the primeval world, major block of attractions, which I think  like spread, imagineering thin, like there was not as much stuff going on in Disneyland  for a little while, but then all of those rides moved over to Disneyland.
  Except for the magic skyway where you rode a Cadillac shaped ride vehicle.
  Is that what that was? Really?  Yeah.
 I think that was, was that the first Omni mover?  Oh, maybe.
 I don't know.
  Um, I guess the fantasy land arc rides were kind of around, but I think the, uh, that  debuted there.
 Also Circle Vision.
  Right.
  They, they had an early version of Circle Vision before this, but this was the one,  the Kodak Pavilion.
  This is one of the things we should ask the listeners.
 Do they know what the first Omni  mover was? If you do, let us know, tweet at us or send us an email.
  Do you understand any of what we're talking about? Because several times I've been talking  about the fact that we're doing this and people have said, no, okay, now Disney world, that's  the one in Florida, right? And I realized, we're just throwing out Omni mover willy nilly.
  You forget people do not have these things memorized.
  I think some people do though.
 I think people are.
  And hopefully some of them are listening to this and enjoying it and thrilled at the discussion  of the 1964 world's fair.
  What an exciting time.
  World's fair sounded pretty cool, I will say.
  Yeah.
  Like this, this is, they exist in the world, but you never hear about them.
 They aren't  as big of a deal as they used to be.
 Uh, but this is where like, you know, it wasn't like  television debuted at a world's fair and massive deals.
  The Ferris wheel, the Ferris wheel was at the Chicago world's fair.
  Isn't the Eiffel tower, I don't know if that was a world's fair, but something similar  like an exposition is a similar term.
  Yeah, I think the Eiffel tower, the statue of Liberty was going to, but it wasn't ready.
  There is a TV special called Disneyland goes to the world's fair where Walt walks you through  Imagineering and shows each attraction and it includes an animated short, which is a  very weird short about the histories of fairs period.
  Whoa.
  But it looks like a Hanna-Barbera cartoon.
 It doesn't look like a Disney cartoon.
  Oh, they outsource it maybe?  Yeah, it's so, it's very strange to watch.
 Also, they gloss right over H.
H.
 Holmes and  his murder castle at the Chicago world's fair.
 They don't mention it at all in this cartoon  about the history of world's fair.
  I think wife has glossed this over for me.
 What's this story?  Oh, he was like one of America's first serial killers.
 He built, this is the book Devil  in the White City, bestseller a few years ago was about this.
 He was a crazy con man  and he built an insane house in Chicago around the time of the Chicago world's fair and it  had all sorts of trap doors and like false walls and like gas pipes and a giant industrial  furnace and like 30 people disappeared in this murder house.
 And then he went on the  run.
  Your hero?  Yeah.
 This is my, this is one of my guys.
 H.
H.
 Holmes.
  Oh, you seem like an H.
H.
 Holmes guy.
  Jason would use all those places just to hide snacks though.
  Yeah.
  Treats for the, so that only he could get to them.
  No one will not be.
  My cereal.
  Wait, what's his connection to the world's fair?  Oh, well he would rent out rooms in this house.
 He turned it into a resident hotel and so  people would come, people from all around the world were like flooding Chicago for the  world's fair.
 So there, all these places got converted into hotels or like boarding houses  and he would rent rooms and you know, back then sometimes family members, you know, would  leave their hometown and sometimes you just never hear from them again.
 And that's sometimes  because they started a new life and sometimes because they were disappeared by H.
H.
 Holmes.
  Were some people so inspired by the world's fair that they didn't go back to their families?  I'm going to go invent a new bed, better, something better than electricity.
  I think that's probably right.
 I mean, Walt Disney remade himself, you know, he was a  self-made man.
 He left.
  Sounds like you didn't just take off from his family though.
  No, but he had to restart, you know, that was easier back then.
 You could just like  have a fresh start before there was like a long history.
  Like if you started a mother house.
  This feels like I'm about to confess.
  No, I know.
 It feels like we're leading somewhere with this.
  What happened in this three fear, drunken stupor? What did you do?  Oh, last night.
  Yeah.
  Went to sleep with all the lights on as usual.
  Like a real murderer.
  That's because you're scared.
  Oh, that's true.
  Were you scared of the ghost of H.
H.
 Holmes?  H.
H.
 Holmes might break into my place and build a trap door for me while I'm sleeping.
  Well you did it.
 You forced H.
H.
 Holmes into the podcast.
 You've been threatening to do  it for weeks now and you finally did it.
 So good work.
  Hey, and if you're out there, if you're doing Airbnb, just ask if there's any scary trap  murder doors.
  Yeah, make sure all the doorknobs work and there's no gas pipes emptying into the room.
  When you do your advanced search, don't click the trap door box.
  But the 1964 World's Fair, that's sort of where my family's Disney fandom can kind of  trace back to because my dad grew up in Philadelphia and went to, he was a child and went to the  New York World's Fair like four or five times and saw all these Disney attractions.
 His  older brother would take him out of school on weekdays.
 The nuns at the Catholic school  were like, oh, you're going to the World's Fair? Yeah, that's educational.
 Just go for  it.
 And it's not that far of a drive.
 So it was sort of like going to Disneyland.
 And  then eventually, yeah, a lot of the, so he grew up, him and my mom both would have grown  up watching The Wonderful World at Disney and he saw the World's Fair so much.
 So then  like when Disney World opened in Florida, they went down there a bunch pretty early  on.
 Did he see all these rides before they were in the parks? Yeah, he rode all of them,  I believe.
 Can we get them on the phone? Now? Well, we'll have an episode with him.
 We can  in the future.
 Yeah.
 So he's saying it's a small world to you every morning, isn't it?  Every morning.
 All nights, every night.
 And little did he know that little seed of small  world singing and his World's Fair, like love of the World's Fair, would lead to him raising  a weird little son.
 A son who looked like one of the dolls.
 With the most mild facial  hair.
 All right, we've gotten to the portion of the podcast where Scott owns my ass.
 Yeah,  finally.
 I'm just whipping him.
 I do love the dolls though.
 I truly love the style.
  Like I love how everything looks.
 I love how everything's like spindly wood with just like  cheerful painted faces.
 I think I grew up with like a lot of like Swedish, like my mom's  side of the family is Swedish American and like there's a lot of like folkloric things.
  And so like Mary Blair's style feels very folklorish.
 And just like vibrantly colorful  1960s, which is like all I love being like immersed into a whole feeling.
 And I feel  like with the ride, it's like a feeling you're like on it.
 It's not like, what's this about?  Like, you know.
 It's a very like exploded out illustration come to life.
 Like, and if  you look at concept art from the ride, the real like it so reflects what ended up being  there.
 Yeah, I think that's the big thing it has going for it is, yeah, so many great  aesthetics.
 There's sort of like a, you know, kind of a kooky semi psychedelic feel, but  also this like little kid arts and crafts vibe.
 And yeah, they like they everything  sits together really well.
 Well, we should talk about some of the people who made the  who made the thing you mentioned.
 Yeah, Mary Blair.
 She was responsible for the overall  like design sense of the ride.
 Mark Davis, I think did the scenes and characters and  his wife, Alice Davis did the costumes.
 Okay.
 I think I called him Jeff Davis earlier.
 I  think he did.
 Yeah.
 Is that a comedian? Could be.
 Is that like a whose line is that anyway?  Jeff Davis.
 I don't know.
 Or I may have just made a mistake.
 Let us know.
 Mark Davis, the  real imagine all of these people, imagineering legends, Disney legends.
 Yeah, that's the  thing.
 I think in looking at the list of the major figures who put the thing together,  it seemed to be like by this point, they had kind of an all star team, like the people,  the imagineers that you you read about being major figures in all of the rides.
 By this  point, they're all assembled and add imagineering because a lot of the early imagineers moved  over from working on the movies in the forties and fifties.
 And by now they were settled  into their creative roles at imagineering.
 So Mary Blair was a big one because she did  a lot of concept art on Peter Pan and Cinderella.
 Another guy, Blaine Gibson, who I believe sculpted  all of the dolls.
 I don't know if you guys can affirm this.
 I think that's true.
 I don't  know the name Blaine Gibson.
 You don't know Blaine Gibson? Blaine Gibson was like one  of the big animatronic sculptors who did like did not only like that base of Small World  Doll.
 And I think they do all have the same face.
 I think that's part of the I mean, there  are some different faces, I think, because some of them feel more paper mache and some  of them feel wood.
 And then now they have the like more rubbery like when they've like  retrofitted it with like Little Mermaid and stuff.
 Oh, yeah.
 Some of them look a little  different.
 Oh, that's true.
 Yeah.
 And they look a little more like their their characters.
  But maybe originally there was one.
 So I don't know.
 It was all sort of based on the original.
  But Blaine Gibson did all of the he did the statue of Walt and Mickey that's in the center  of Disneyland.
 And he did, I think, all of the Hall of Presidents, maybe up through Obama  or at least up through Clinton.
 I think he had done like when they added new ones.
 This  was the guy who always made them.
 And he died just in time to not have to make it.
 It was  a big assignment he didn't have to do.
 They're never going to reopen that all the time.
 I  don't think so.
 They're just going to keep pushing it.
 Yeah.
 Once in months.
 Yeah, they  keep.
 Apparently there was a date on the website.
 I was just looking into this and they were  saying November 2017 and that got taken off.
 So I think, yeah, I think Hall of Presidents,  I think the technical errors of I don't know what it is.
 Just the wiring is giving us so  many problems.
 The Muppet thing, the Muppet thing we built above it.
 It's just I don't  know.
 It's really hard to work with.
 It's hard to do both.
 The Muppet infrastructure.
  But the other one, Raleigh Crump is the other the other big name who I hadn't really until  preparing for this, I hadn't really looked into how all these things were made.
 And the  doll, the dolls are more kind of rubbery, but all of those, they call them the toys,  like all of the, you know, like the yeah, like the rocking horse and all of these.
 Now  I can't remember any of these characters.
 But like a lot of these a lot of these characters  were made out of paper mache, like you said, and styrofoam and they still are like they  like the arts and crafts that was quickly done in the 60s in New York.
 It's still the  same things and they've been like refurbished and touched up.
 But like I think that's a  very charming thing about the ride that it's joyful.
 I love it.
 You have the little kid  vibe because like little kid materials were used to make the ride.
 Was there a time or  someone that was there a time do you because when you were younger, this didn't affect  you emotionally like it did now.
 Do you remember the first time as an older person when you  went on and you were like, oh my God, I think it was when I went back like five years ago  or something.
 Yeah, the first time I went back because I was like I like as a kid, my  favorite rides were Pirates and Haunted Mansion.
 Like I was like always like those were my  number one rides that I would go to.
 But then as an adult, I'm like, oh my God, Small World  like is so good.
 Like it really is so good.
 I love it.
 I don't know.
 I like in my mid  20s a woman without children.
 I was like, oh, I love this.
 Were you imagining adopting  a child from each country maybe? No, no, I just want to like be around them.
 If you could  adopt for a day.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Rent a kid.
 But I also love like at the end, like  everybody comes together and it's like a mishmash.
 Like you've seen everybody and now they're  together like that is so great.
 It's pretty and in white versions of what they were originally  wearing, which is a precursor of Captain EO.
 When he takes he transforms.
 I guess, well,  no, they're all like multicolored dancers and stuff.
 But I like the idea of like everybody's  wearing like, you know, like dark frumpy evil clothes and then all this now they're all  white and peaceful.
 And yeah, it's a delightful finale.
 Yeah, it's it's like all white and  gold.
 Right.
 Isn't it gold also? Yeah, yeah.
 There's gold in there.
 And then like Ferris  Wheel going.
 Happy sun.
 I think we're looking at heaven being depicted.
 And let's not forget  that big pink, leering purple hippo.
 There's a big hippo.
 Yeah, he's just kind of like,  hey, I think he's in like the fun jungle section.
 Yeah, I don't think he's like celebrated in  heaven.
 Everything is all white and the hippo comes back like we're going to heaven gang.
  I would love a hippo.
 Who wants to party? The hippo does not talk for everyone who knows.
  Jason is adding a voice to him.
 That hippo is really I do know exactly the hippo because  like there's a lot of different animals and kids on the ride and it's hard to, you know,  hard to remember them all.
 But when you say pink hippo, I know exactly who we're talking  about.
 I think they sell stuffed animals of it, right? There's a couple.
 There's a couple  of them.
 There's like a crocodile to write.
 There's like one with an umbrella.
 Yeah, very  fun.
 Oh yeah.
 He jumps out.
 Yeah.
 Who's who are other characters within the dolls and  the toys who have had an impact on you? That's a good question.
 I like the I like the girl  leading the geese in song and they're distinctly back in the in the white heaven version.
 She's  still trying.
 She'll teach them one day.
 Yeah, they stand out.
 I have I collect OK, believe  this or not.
 I collect these toys called Park Stars, which are Disney.
 Here the thing.
 There  are toys, but they're exclusively just characters that you'll find only in Disney parks.
 So  you're not going to find it's not going to be a Peter Pan toy, but it will be Sonny Eclipse,  the alien robot who plays.
 That's who you were talking.
 Marissa started playing a piano.
  I think she knew I was going to say that the international sign language for Sonny Eclipse.
  That's the animatronic.
 Yeah.
 Tomorrowland only hamburger restaurant.
 Lounsinger in Walt  Disney World only.
 Yeah.
 And he has a brother in Japan, though.
 Yeah, there's a pizza robot.
  Oh, yeah, I saw the pizza robot.
 Yeah, I saw the pizza robot and a woman that I guess my  my brain.
 I don't think about the rides and the things as much.
 But what happened at that  moment, this woman came up to me and she was like, what's up with Donald Trump? Like this  sweet little Japanese woman? And I was like watching the pizza robot and I was like, we  all hate it.
 You know, and then she was like, OK, because we do, too.
 And I'm like, yeah,  yeah, yeah.
 Can you see how longingly I'm staring at this pizza robot? Do you think  I'm a Trump support? Yeah, because it was like it was in November.
 It was like a week  after the election.
 So what a wonderful thing to get to answer for this when you go like,  no, look, I truly I think everyone hates it.
 I don't know the people who like it.
  So you're the only one here has been to the international Disney parks.
 Scott's been to  France.
 Oh, you went to Paris.
 Oh, that's right.
 Oh, where? Oh, you went on your honeymoon.
  One one thing there, international exclusive characters.
 Rex, the Paul Rubin's voiced pilot  in Star Tours, has a girlfriend who is only in the Star Tours in France.
 Although it's  just a robot that now is just silently flapping around and you can tell it's missing something.
  It's after the ride.
 You go into a Star Wars themed arcade and there is a robot just flapping  around and just making hydraulic sounds for nobody.
 And I looked it up later what it was  and it used to have a soundtrack and it was Rex's girlfriend or at least maybe Rex's wannabe  girlfriend who was like bragging about how brave he is and how the pilot training is  going really well.
 And she's like a fawning Rex fan, which is really strong female character.
  A thirsty, a thirsty French robot.
 What is that? What is that test that measures how  often a female character says anything other than just loving the main character? That's  how you pass it, right? As if you never say anything that isn't just a strong male pilot  or firefighter.
 I don't remember her name.
 Were you going to ask me the name? I was going  to ask you that.
 Yeah, maybe look it up.
 What about your park? Your park pals.
 They're called  park stars.
 Now, OK, your park pals.
 Let's be accurate.
 They're called park stars and  stars is spelled with a Z at the end just for like a flourish.
 And I have maybe 60 of  these, but they have a lot of the small world.
 They're blind box.
 They come in the in boxes  and you don't know what you're getting and sort of inspired by like kid robot collectible  vinyl toys.
 Or yeah, Funko.
 I mean, those are bigger.
 Also, the thing is, yeah, blind  boxes are you don't know what you're buying until you open it after you've paid for it.
  That being said, you know what you're getting when you buy a case like I do.
 And it has  the whole thing in it because I'm a mad man.
 But anyway, they have some of the some of  the toys are the small world.
 So like you get, you know, like little like Dutch girl  with a blue hippo.
 You get a Japanese girl with a penguin.
 There's the little like Mexican  boy with a pink poodle.
 There's a goat, right? Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I have.
 He's.
 He's  got a cute little like a blue goat with I guess it's flowers on the side.
 You have that  cactus one too, don't you? And I have the yes, I do.
 I have this.
 I don't know what  country he's from.
 Hmm.
 I don't know.
 He's got bright orange hair.
 Probably Ireland would  be my guess.
 That's what.
 Why does he have a cactus? Well, it doesn't make sense that  poodles coming from Mexico.
 I don't think poodles are traditionally.
 But I could see  a poodle living in Mexico.
 You can't see a cactus living in Ireland.
 I can't see a cactus  living in Ireland.
 My people, it rains too much.
 It would kill the cactus.
 Wait, your  people.
 My people.
 Irish.
 You're Irish? I never knew that.
 Huh? I never knew that.
 The  Sheridan's, the Sheridan side of the family is Irish and then my mom's maiden name is  Murphy.
 So that's all Irish.
 So what percentage are we talking? I don't know.
 I think I could.
  Uh, I mean.
 Jason doesn't do anything.
 I'm 100%.
 I'm 100% a true blue American brother.
  And I personally hated all that negative Donald Trump talk earlier.
 I think we gotta give  him a chance.
 Ugh.
 Heel.
 Yuck.
 Yeah.
 Even as a bit.
 Don't let him into that small world  right? He'll have all kinds of terrible ideas.
 Building walls between the rooms and what  happens.
 Well that would fix the sound bleed.
 Look, the sound is a disaster.
 We need separate  national anthems.
 Full volume.
 This will make it possible.
 By the way, Rex's girlfriend  is hanging on pins and needles.
 It's ROX-N which I assume is like Rox-Anne.
 And in the  Star Wars wiki she is listed as having feminine programming.
 What? That's the gender they  put on.
 I just listed all of her characteristics.
 They gotta make a toy about her.
 They gotta  make her a toy and I have to buy it.
 Someone get on it.
 Buy it today.
 One purchase at least.
  So yeah, what other things like robots do we like on the ride? I mean I just like it  all.
 I feel like I'm the kind of person in this world that I like a collection of things  at once.
 Like when I go into a fabric store I love all the fabrics together.
 I love all  the papers together in a stationery store.
 I like all of it.
 So I think to me it's just  like the experience of all the kids together.
 But I do like those giraffes too if you want  a specific.
 If there was a piece, we talk about this sometime, and Scott has a piece  of memorabilia from the parks.
 Like a piece from the parks.
 So say for some reason everyone  got too cynical and we're gonna close all the small worlds which would be horrible of  course.
 But say there was a big auction and you had a nice amount of money and you could  afford.
 Is there a piece on small world you think you would want or a particular kid?  You really want to give me a child? I think two things jumped into my brain.
 One if I  had to take something specifically from the ride I would take the sun.
 Because it's this  very fun happy sun.
 It's something I could see in a living room.
 The clock sun? It's  just kind of rotating.
 It might also have a clock face.
 I don't remember it.
 On the  outside or within the ride? Inside.
 Inside the ride.
 It's a very happy sun.
 It's like  a 1960s, 70s sun that is just living its dream.
 It's just happy.
 Basking in its own mid and  late.
 He's like I'm cool.
 Very friendly sun.
 Or and whichever.
 I love, this isn't really  specific but it is Mary Blair related, I would take those murals.
 Those tile murals that  are in Tomorrowland.
 I would 100% buy those.
 Say you had like, you say you had five million  in the bank.
 Okay.
 How much would you be willing to spend for those? Just off the top of your  head.
 Do I have other money coming in? Okay, I set up a scenario that I have to flesh out  a little more.
 Now we're talking my life.
 Say you have a decent sized house already  in Los Angeles.
 Say like most things are paid for.
 So you know you probably have, like you  could probably lose a couple mil and it would be okay.
 Sure.
 So how much, I'm saying.
 This  is a fantasy not even Walt Disney himself could dream of.
 A home in LA.
 I don't know.
  I mean.
 50 grand? Yeah, sure, sure.
 I would definitely do that.
 500 grand.
 I don't know.
  Like I don't know what kind of person I am with those conditions.
 Okay.
 You know maybe  I want to spend my money in other ways.
 But definitely I would throw money to fulfill  a little dream of mine of course.
 Okay, so how about this.
 You could also go the Michael  Jackson route.
 I don't want to.
 Okay, well I'm not talking about everything.
 I'm just  talking about in the sense of like building your own.
 Actually we could do a better reference.
  Bobby Sherman, the singer from the 60s that my mother's obsessed with that was on like  some episodes of the Monkees which everyone's looking at me like who the hell.
 Not a Sherman  brother.
 I just don't know where you're heading.
 Just like a doofy.
 He also has a little main  street in his backyard.
 He built that as well.
 I guess that's a thing that certain people  have done.
 You could just also go that route.
 This is what I would do.
 Okay.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I would have a room in my house that's big.
 You know like I don't know.
 Not the size of  a gym but maybe a quarter of the size of a gym.
 Like a basketball court.
 You know what  I mean? Like a big like a child you know a children's gym.
 I don't know.
 A gymery? No,  I just didn't.
 Once I said gym I was like oh do people think like LA Fitness? That's  not what I'm talking about.
 Like a basketball court you'd play in in school.
 And I would  make it super fun and themed.
 Like I would have like a cool like tiki bar and then I  would love like it'd be so fun to have kind of like tropical or like you know what I mean  Mary Blair room that like feels like that jungle room or even a little bit of that heaven  room.
 I don't want a full heaven room but like a slice of heaven would be fine.
 Oh nice.
  A heaven closet.
 Oh seven minutes in heaven.
 Oh yeah so people could.
 You know who else  designed a very specific room? A lot of murderers.
 He's going to say something about a murder.
  He was an architect.
 He designed his own.
 He designed and built his own houses.
 No one  give Jason these millions, these hypothetical millions we're discussing.
 Patreon cancelled  now.
 Not happening.
  Mentioning the Sherman Brothers a couple times.
 The way the timing works out on the creation  of this ride.
 They said when they were writing the song one of the things that influenced  them like not I think to try and do the opposite of this event but they wrote it's a small  world around the time of the Cuban Missile Crisis.
 So like that was on everyone's mind.
  They wanted to like it made them realize how like yeah the world is very small.
 Although  the opposite of the Cuban Missile Crisis is a missile.
 Launching.
 We don't want the opposite.
  But they wanted people to realize the world was small not because like oh you get that  missile.
 The missile's real close.
 It's like it's small and we need to work together and  foster a spirit of cooperation.
 Let's talk about this song because the song is like people  claim it's the most like listened to or heard song of a time.
 I have a record of it.
 Like  I have an LP of the act.
 Oh okay.
 I just found I didn't I forgot that I had this.
 I forgot  where it came from.
 But like I have a souvenir wreck like like a 45 that was given out at  the World's Fair.
 Yeah that has it's like it just has the song but it is enough space  to have it in like Italian and and Spanish and like a few different languages.
 Yeah.
  With like a little Mary Blair design cover.
 Yeah.
 Wonderful.
 Yeah.
 So I was going to say  let's go through the lyrics real quick.
 Let's just do the lyrics of the song because people  it's such a there was a period in the 90s especially where it kept creeping in like  there's a there's a jab at it and Lion King.
 What.
 Yeah.
 Lion King.
 He starts singing.
  I think what is it's one of the characters start singing it and like Scar.
 It's like  one of the hyenas start singing.
 It's a small world or Zazou.
 I forget who does it but like  it started to become I feel a very like Gen X kind of like the cynical you know.
 Yeah.
  Like screw this.
 Lame.
 Right.
 They're they're in the epic Mickey video game where you play  as Mickey Mouse and it's like a mashup of different Disney stuff.
 There is I think either  the sun or the giant clock.
 It's a clock on the outside.
 Yeah.
 Of the ride is is a boss  is a villain and he's been driven insane by hearing the song for 50 years like so.
 Oh  wow.
 Yeah.
 Between that and the Lion King thing like Disney will do self referential  like can.
 Can I say one thing about the Lion King really quickly which gives a window into  also my parents parenting style.
 I went to see a double feature when I went to see the  Lion King when I was in like fifth or sixth grade whatever grade it was.
 But my parents  didn't take me to the Lion King.
 I saw the last 30 minutes of the Lion King and then  natural born killers.
 Oh wow.
 At like eight or nine.
 Yeah.
 So so wait wait why didn't  you.
 Why did you only see the last 30 minutes.
 Oh because we were interested in natural born  killers.
 So I didn't want to see the line.
 Oh yeah.
 Right.
 Right.
 Right.
 Right.
 Because  I was like oh that's for kids.
 And I'm like 11 and I'm not a kid anymore.
 Eleven.
 Also  my parents were like yeah this is normal.
 Let's take her to this.
 And also what what  cinema pairs those movies.
 That's crazy.
 Well wait a minute you're saying it was back to  back in the same theater.
 It was a double feature.
 What.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 You didn't leave.
  You didn't exit the theater just started rolling on to the next one.
 What do you remember what  theater it was.
 Beverly.
 I don't know where.
 Screwed up Hollywood.
 We got to look at this.
  This is weird.
 This seems like they would not be allowed to do that.
 Well that's why  it sticks out in my mind because it's insane.
 Are you sure you didn't switch theaters.
 No  it was a one theater.
 It was like one of those old one theater.
 Are you sure that to save  money there was a crossover like from seven o'clock to like nine o'clock and they start  switching and like you guys like crouched down in the back of the theater when they  came to clean it out to me and like you were pretending you were like garbage or something.
  And then and then you just sat down again when they were leaving and then the new movie came  on.
 I don't think so.
 I really think it was a double feature.
 I'll ask my father.
 Yeah.
  He would be one to crouch around and look like garbage.
 Like you brought a trash bag  and like threw it over the top.
 Or like hide in the garbage in the backyard.
 So you have  to pay the two to movie price.
 If you can save a couple of bucks.
 So also if you at  home went to a similar double feature like if you saw like you know the great mouse or  the rescuers down under and sliver it is a double feature.
 If this per review or part  of this perverse theater Oliver and company and Caligula re-released killing.
 That was  not the same year.
 Caligula was many years earlier.
 Wait till you see who Oliver's company  is.
 I just looked this up because I have remembered another pop culture connection to the song  so the A.
V.
 club used did a series a few years ago where they interviewed people about songs  they hate and they asked David Lynch and he said it's a small world and he's one of the  things he said about the song.
 It got stuck in my head and it was like having a disease.
  And this is David Lynch creator of nightmares.
 So on the nose it does feel very on the nose.
  Like that feels premeditated.
 I feel like he knew what he was going to do.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well that's what I think it became a very like standard opinion to have like saying  like disco sucks or that kind of thing.
 I feel like that or like this era we talk a  lot about the Beatles and now there was this time this awful time when people were forsaking  Paul McCartney as a bubbly light frothy substance guy and ignoring all these wonderful songs  through the 70s and 80s.
 What a cynical dark time.
 I mean you can like John too but oh  my God what a weird cynical folks who can't handle silly love songs.
 That's exactly who  silly love songs is about.
 That's true.
 Yes.
 I like that song.
 He was goofing on people.
  People were saying he was too schmaltzy and he was like oh that was his little like comment  on himself way before Taylor Swift was addressing her public persona and doing nothing else  in any songs ever.
 Yeah.
 McCartney did a little critic jab and we were all tapping our toes  to it.
 Some of us were.
 Jason didn't because he doesn't enjoy toes.
 I don't enjoy toes.
  I don't understand music.
 I think it's passing fat.
 We'll get over it one day.
 Well in that  but in the service of that this very positive song.
 So the lyrics are it's a world of laughter  a world of tears it's a world of hopes and a world of fears.
 All right.
 So that's true.
  I love it.
 I love it because it's giving you all like you know in life you get to choose  what you see.
 You know what I mean.
 You're going to be confronted with everything but  you get to choose how you're going to interpret it and what you're going to do.
 So they're  not lying to you about what's going on in life.
 That's a good let's go.
 Yeah we'll do  this.
 We'll analyze the lyrics line by line here.
 There's so much that we share that it's  time we're aware it's a small world after all.
 And obviously that's saying you know  wake up.
 Yeah.
 Why is it time now.
 It's there's so much that we share that it's time.
 I think  they're just saying saying like calling to the president being like hey like we can make  a choice in this moment.
 You know I don't know why they're saying time now but I guess  it's speaking to them.
 When when the ride was first graded to it was it was also Pepsi  was the sponsor but it is originally acted as a tribute to UNICEF the United Nations  International Education Fund.
 Is that right.
 I don't know.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 I know it's for  children and all that the tickets sold at the fair like all of that money went to UNICEF.
  I love that.
 That's nice.
 Wonderful.
 Yeah.
 Well but the song is annoying.
 That good is  outdone by and the Disneyland version of the ride is the world's fair one.
 I mean it's  been you know stuff's been rebuilt and added over the years but many of the same set pieces  a lot of the same stuff.
 Yeah.
 It came from New York.
 But what did not come from New York  was the giant sculpture the oh God what is it called the Tower of the Four Winds.
 Oh  yeah.
 Is that it's I know there's four of them.
 I can't think of the name the official  name you can look that up.
 I'll go through the last lyrics here.
 Yeah.
 The Tower of the  Four Winds.
 There is just one moon and one golden sun.
 So you wanted the sun in your  love the secret or your little room.
 I mean Google image that sun.
 Yeah.
 Is it the same  thing.
 Yeah.
 There are multiple sons because I'm remembering the one where there's the  crisscrossing there's the like spy spikes the sun spikes.
 That's the correct term the  rays.
 Yeah.
 And the other one that is the sun you're too.
 OK.
 OK.
 Because that I love  that effect a lot like the little like that.
 What a neat little like in person optical  illusion watching that little flash of the rays go by.
 I love it.
 Love that son.
 There's  no moon.
 You got to step it up in this room.
 The moon.
  And a smile means friendship to everyone which I love like that like speaks to my heart.
  You sounded like your voice was cracking.
 I like you're trying to get to her.
 That's  what's happening.
 I mean I secretly have been trying to get her to break down and try on  the podcast.
 It would be good.
 It's good podcast.
 People on the red it'll go nuts.
 Oh my god  they got me broke down broke her down three white men broke down.
 Yeah.
 The Internet just  celebrates.
 That is we drag her in a room.
 That doesn't sound like red it at all.
 Also  that that's not 100 percent true though.
 A smile means friendship to everyone.
 You dogs  dogs you don't necessarily want to bury.
 They're not talking about dogs.
 They're talking about  folks.
 Also like a not smiles not friendship if it's a scary it clown or something.
 Oh  yeah.
 There's scary smiles.
 That's true.
 The type of smile a joker would put on your face.
  Yeah.
 Not a good one.
 No.
 But that's not what the Sherman Brothers meant.
 No.
 Oh the mountains  divide and the oceans are wide.
 It's a small world after all.
 Yeah right.
 So it is true  that it's a small world.
 Vague lyrics are true.
 Never were.
 Yeah.
 Like we're all on this planet  guys.
 We're all here and like we are connected like I don't care.
 Anybody can have whatever  feelings they want.
 But like we're all part of this one living earth.
 You know that's  cool.
 Well and children aren't born to hate.
 They all think as a child you love everyone.
  You have to be taught.
 Yeah.
 Now I'm going to break down.
 You don't deserve.
 No we got  to honor everybody.
 You know let's let's love each other guys.
 I think it's the time for  this ride to be pushed a lot stronger into that.
 You know what they should do.
 Don't  build the new Hall of Presidents.
 Take it at rip it out builds an extension of it's  a small world or just a second.
 It's a small world.
 Small world too locked and loaded.
  How about you replace all the presidents with tiny little small world versions of the presidents.
  Oh my god.
 You can sit in their little suits and stuff.
 Oh jeez.
 That group will be a lot  less diverse than the small world dolls.
 Only one black one.
 Yeah we can fudge that.
 We  can switch it up.
 No one will notice.
 There actually there were some girl presidents back  in the.
 I don't know why it was such a big deal recently because there are a few.
 You  totally forget it was so long ago.
 Oh there's a hippo president too.
 1890 was our first  president in a top hat and a tie.
 He looked very short.
 Great.
 A lot of social reforms  he passed.
 It was really wonderful.
 So it's a seated theater theatrical experience.
 Yeah.
  The cute hall of the hall of cute presidents.
 So yeah I mean this is it's so I mean when  you're a teen and when you like Hot Topic it's so nice and easy to be cynical.
 And you're  still we're all still railing against 18 year old.
 Railing against high school you I guess.
  I don't know.
 You like Hot Topic.
 You're drinking Sprite for breakfast.
 You're watching natural  born killers got a big H.
H.
 Holmes poster on your wall.
 Typical cynical kid.
 Hey no but  hey look you came around you were yeah you were a no good Nick.
 It sounds like.
 Now you  weep at this at this doll ride.
 So there's hope for everyone.
 There's hope for Marissa.
  Yeah for sure.
 I mean you know just ride that ride.
 I think everybody just rode that ride  and really thought about it took it in.
 Maybe we'd be nicer to each other.
 Mr.
 Trump ride  this rock.
 I guess this is what the podcast is going to be about.
 Is that Reagan telling  Mr.
 Gorbachev to tear down the wall.
 Was that the same voice.
 I guess it kind of inadvertently  kind of.
 I was just trying to do one of those Twitter guys one of those people on the Internet  who's always like Mr.
 Trump how dare you sir.
 I thought the ghost of Reagan was telling  Donald Trump to ride.
 It's a small world to understand the world better.
 Donald Trump  I would call the natural heightening of Ronald Reagan.
 I like that.
 Yeah.
 The second beat.
  Yeah well so I like this fantasy though of Trump writing it which he now could because  they widen seats for larger writers.
 So wouldn't sink.
 And once he made it safely back like  imagine him like they've set up a press conference for him and this ride has melted my heart.
  I now say open borders.
 I say it's a delightful little fancy.
 It would be great.
 The last  all it takes 15 minutes of Disney fun.
 The other question I wanted to ask is about they  added a few years ago.
 We briefly mentioned that they added to the ride little sort of  Mary Blair style.
 She's shaking her head.
 She's very upset about this.
 They added like the  positivity is gone.
 The positivity is gone.
 Don't give me a little paper machine nemo.
  So they added Disney.
 So there's a like a little Aladdin and Jasmine flying around on  a flying carpet and it is in my opinion tastefully done.
 But what is your feeling about.
 I will  say it is so much better than like the pirates editions and stuff like that.
 But I love I  think one of the reasons why I love it's a small world is because it isn't linked to  any kind of intellectual property.
 Right.
 I love that it just is the heart and the truth  of things rather than and like one particular stylized version of the world rather than  character character character character.
 I mean we get those everywhere else in the park.
  Can we just have one space that was originally not that.
 You know.
 But I do think they did  a good job making them appear in the style of.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The doll.
 Yeah.
 The dolls  themselves the new Little Mermaid and everything.
 Yeah.
 It's kind of an inexplicable change.
  I don't know why they needed to put those in.
 I would guess it's because they do these  surveys and I kids go on these rides and the kids probably went like I don't know any of  these characters.
 Yeah.
 But I hate that.
 Like that's what I want to rail against.
 Like let's  enjoy a world without characters sometimes learn some new characters.
 Yeah.
 Children  are born.
 They have to be taught to only like intellectual properties.
 When I was a kid  I liked one of the things I liked about going to the parks is seeing stuff that you could  only see there is like there's not a small world movie or TV show or that sort of thing.
  You just have to go to the park.
 Sony.
 Sony Eclipse.
 I love Sony Eclipse.
 Like I was a  weird.
 Sony.
 I heard Sony too.
 I love my Sony Eclipse.
 That's my phone.
 It's like a zoom.
  I'm sticking with it.
 It'll come back one of these days.
 But I love that.
 I made the  parks feel special to me.
 Sure.
 And I think it is.
 It is a thing.
 And now they just.
 Yeah.
  I think it's tastefully done in small world.
 But it is a little like you know when they  shove characters into stuff when they closed Alien Encounter and kept the ride system.
  But it's like it's Stitch who comes out now.
 I went on that.
 It's so weird.
 It's really  weird.
 They've pretty much shut it down.
 It's a seasonal.
 The only if the park is like at  max capacity.
 They're like let's get some people in here to like ease up the other lines.
  It's purely Space Mountain relief.
 Stitch especially is also like I think Lilo and Stitch  is a very lovely movie with a very nice message too.
 You know the Ohana means family.
 Family  means no one gets left behind.
 But the way they.
 Can you do a Stitch impression by any  chance? What does he say? Mr.
 Gorbachev.
 Mr.
 Gorbachev.
 Ohana means family.
 No you don't  have to.
 But doesn't it be like.
 Very good.
 Very good.
 But when it came out and from there  on out afterwards it really the marketing of Stitch to me always seems like here's Stitch  and you like Stitch now.
 Like Disney pushed Stitch so hard there for a while and they're  still like I think it is like a popular like plush.
 Like I feel like there's always Stitch.
  But they were I think it was there was such a dearth of successful animated films and  characters at the time that it was like oh you kind of like this great we're.
 That's  true.
 I'll say I definitely agree with that like that they're like hey you should like  this.
 You like Stitch now.
 When I was in Tokyo I went on the their version of Tower of Terror.
  What is it the Harrison and Hyde Tower.
 I don't remember.
 But there's like this little  guy who's like causing all the ruckus this guy little Shiriki Utundu like he's this little  like statue.
 And I was like oh I want to get a piece of merchandise with this character  on it.
 Like I'm very excited.
 And I went into the gift shop and it was all Stitch.
 That's  the exit of the like of that ride.
 That's the dumbest thing I've ever.
 Yeah.
 That's  very straight like that.
 That happened with Tower of Terror in Orlando and Anaheim where  the original the actual like Tower of Terror merchandise just got the section got smaller  and smaller and more and more nightmare before Christmas.
 Just because it's like a perennial  bestseller I guess.
 And people weren't really looking for Rod Serling action figures.
 I  was.
 Yeah.
 We're the type who all want those weird fit characters but most tourists are  like give me some Stitch.
 Give me a sweatshirt with Stitch on it.
 Why would you want Stitch  at the end of a ride that Stitch has nothing to do with.
 We were in Orlando and a couple  years ago when we got off the Country Bear ride and we were high from it we loved it  so much.
 Oh my god we haven't seen this in years.
 This is the greatest show and we ran  up to them.
 Where's the merch? Give us the merch.
 We want everything you've got.
 And  they're like oh we don't really have any.
 And I was like what the hell.
 And it must  just be people for some reason most tourists don't want like a hillbilly bear on a shirt  or like they.
 It's weird.
 Or it's like they had it but they wanted you to go away.
 That's  possible too.
 Did you see what Liver Lips were all doing? Did you see? And they're like  yeah yeah yeah.
 Been here for a while buddy.
 I feel like Disney goes back and forth on  that where they they will have like a lot of park exclusive merch for a while.
 They  have a lot of variety and then for a while it'll just be like the same shirts the same  stuff to animals at every store.
 Yeah like the it's it's all like crap like Peter they  have a Peter Pan shirt on that just says like I'm so fly.
 Oh I hate that.
 You're a ghast  Marissa's a ghast at it.
 Oh that is like that that was like a gut punch that feels horrible.
  Yeah it's it's bad.
 Wait this maybe wasn't Disney but didn't Lindsay post like a crazy  it was like the Popeye characters as Breaking Bad or something.
 Oh yeah my girlfriend when  we were in Orlando a couple weeks ago or a couple months ago I guess.
 Yeah there's a  Popeye and Bluto Breaking Bad parody shirt in Orlando in Universal Studios.
 Who for who  why? Yeah.
 That's even weirder.
 Stop mixing two.
 Don't mix yeah.
 Completely unrelated.
  I will say Disney is losing money though if they don't have a shirt of the Queen of Hearts  from Alice in Wonderland with her giant axe sword thing going and it says Slay Queen right.
  That seems like a give it.
 Oh that is good honestly they should make that everyone would  would absolutely get that.
 It's funny we are all saying we used to not fit in with like  teenagers of the time but clearly you've got a grip on the youth culture that is very you  should work for Hot Topic.
 Our new shirts conceptual artist.
 Well if anyone from Hot  Topic corporate is listening Jason Sheridan is his name.
 Line of shirts about all the  different American World's Fairs Knoxville Seattle New York Chicago Philadelphia.
 You  wouldn't get it it's a Chicago World's Fair thing.
 The Philadelphia World's Fair shows  up in the American adventure or American experience.
 What's the Epcot ride.
 Oh yeah the American  experience or American adventure.
 I can't.
 One of the robots.
 I just saw robots fell  over while the show was going on a couple of days ago.
 Oh the best thing that can happen.
  That's the one where like Mark Twain talks to Ben Franklin.
 Ben Franklin and Thomas Edison.
  They co-host the show.
 They shake hands.
 But then the World's Fair segment there's like  four or five luminaries all standing in their booths and they're all talking at each other.
  It's very strange.
 That ride is super weird.
 We have to do an episode.
 I think I said in  a previous episode when the first time I went to Disney World I read about it in a book  on the way that attraction and then it was closed for refurbishment and I cried and cried  say seven year olds who really wanted to see Benjamin Franklin shake hands with Mark Twain.
  And they're like at least a foot apart.
 Their hands are a foot apart when they're shaking.
  It's so great.
 That's very funny.
 They both seem to give it a go for five weird seconds  and then kind of look up like close enough.
 We did it gentlemen.
 In my mind there's like  a creaking noise too.
 It's like signify that they're touching but that might be in my own  brain.
 Is there an overall statement to make about that we missed anything.
 Morris do you  have any final thought.
 We have a little wrap up for this section but do you have any final  thoughts or anything.
 I mean I feel like I've been saying it the whole time.
 Sure.
 You know  what I mean.
 Your message is clear.
 Oh sorry.
 You believe in people getting along and harmony.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
 Inclusion inclusion inclusion.
 Colors are fun.
 I love like fun style.
 I love  like the joy of togetherness and to celebrate that rather than you know tearing each other  apart.
 Well that's I mean that's wonderful.
 I mean we all can agree on that stuff.
 So  what we do is when we're doing a ride we have a we have a scale basically and there are  three choices you can have when dealing with this ride.
 Would you keep it exactly the same  as it is? Would you plus it up and then what would you do with it or three would you just  burn it down in a mysterious fire for insurance purposes.
 So we'll each go around and we'll  choose what we would do to it's a small world and we're probably talking about the Disneyland  version because we all know what the best.
 Yeah.
 Does anyone want to start.
 I can start.
  Sure.
 I'll start.
 OK.
 I would plus it up.
 Here's the thing that kind of bothers me about  it.
 You can clearly see that the sky is a building and I don't like it and on Pirates  and on Haunted Mansion at least when it's not Haunted Mansion holiday you can't really see  that it's you could see it might be sky because it looks just very convincing.
 It's dark in  there and I understand that's a big part of it but I don't like it that it just looks  like you know there's air ducts up there.
 It's a Costco ceiling.
 Yeah.
 Like a BJ's brewery.
  It looks like a BJ's which by the way is a wonderful restaurant.
 They don't need to simulate  a sky and they aren't obliged but it's a small world.
 There's a reason most dark rides take  place at night.
 It's hard to hide.
 And they're called dark rides.
 You know what though I  actually have it in my notes that I like I like the ceiling.
 Really? And it's a there's  a really specific detail that I noted and really appreciated in the Simpsons ride at  Universal Studios that you're like crashing into different rides at Krusty Land in that  ride and you go into the Happy Little Elves ride and if you look at the ceiling it is  very clearly the unadorned small world ceiling.
 It's just dropped tile right? Yeah.
 Yes.
 I  know exactly what you're talking about.
 Really deep theme park nerd detail that I'm very  happy that they did.
 Like a small world ceiling.
 So I might not even maybe I don't change anything.
  So do you like it because the Simpsons referenced it? I like it more now for that reason.
 But  that reference definitely read to me.
 I find it sort of I think it's kind of charming and  connects it to the the world's fair roots.
 That it's like just like an it's an industrial  building and they didn't they did a little bit to it but didn't go didn't go nuts.
 I  mean I'm not saying it has to be some immersive sky but I almost want at least like a cartoon  something on the top of the ceiling that looks more like a child.
 Like happy stars? Maybe  happy stars that's a good idea.
 Maybe just you know like stuff hang more hanging things  like you could put you know things that may fit to the jungle part it feels like there's  vines or something.
 I just feel like I want to be immersed more in the ride and I look  up and it takes me out of it a little bit.
 Fireworks at the end.
 Fireworks would be good.
  Two if it was possible I know it would be a total I think part of the thing that makes  people like roll their eyes at the ride is that it is so slow and pleasant.
 I want let's  do a couple drops.
 Get out of town.
 Well that does happen in the movie Tomorrowland.
 Yes  that's true.
 Which we had not talked about I've never seen that movie but I know there  is a sequence where they get on the small world boat it stops and like a track tour  opens.
 Is this your fanfic Jason? No it's Brad Bird's fanfic.
 I'm not saying Splash  Mountain level drop I'm saying just like some fun maybe twirls where the boat would twirl  or they would go up.
 I'm just saying if you give it a little pizzazz in the feeling department  I think you're going to get more people that are on board for a message of unity and hope  that's all I'm saying.
 I think if you give the body a visceral thrill it's more willing  to accept a message of hope and peace.
 No way.
 No.
 Like you see if you're trying to  get someone to donate to a charity you spin them around.
 That is exactly what I'm saying.
  Alright so that's me.
 Who wants to go next? I don't think I have my I think there's so  many things you should do in Disneyland before you start changing it's a small world too  much and they did this little change that isn't a great change.
 It is really it's real  slow at the end there.
 I think that actually is a bummer about it that you leave and then  you still got the two minutes of sort of like boat parking and I don't know what you can  do there to speed that up just I don't know put some extra dolls outside add some dolls.
  That bugs me about pirates.
 Pirates of the Caribbean in Disneyland they will let boats  back up before you go up that lift hill at the end and I know they just run too many  through the per hour or whatever but I don't remember that happening as a kid.
 Yeah and  it does like it's not horrible it doesn't like kill your experience on the thing but  you do have that moment like hey well that was great I'm glad we went on this.
 Two minutes  go by.
 It's a real deflation that happens as opposed to Indiana Jones or something where  you're like right off it immediately pretty much.
 There's something to do that's tight  let's tighten up that ending.
 I don't like videos explaining how we can donate to UNICEF  and if we want to create a small world in our own community what can we do.
 Give me  like a QR code that I can scan and donate right then and there.
 Yeah let's do some good  with those extra two minutes.
 How about that.
 Plus it up.
 Jason.
 I was going to say keep  it keep it as it is.
 All right next Marissa.
 I try not to go in too hard when Disney does  make changes to rides and stuff like I feel like people can get very upset but I do think  it is a good idea to preserve some stuff as they are like the original or not original  but early attractions like the Tiki Room or like some of the stuff from the World's Fair.
  They become kind of historical documents at a certain point like an old movie you want  to maybe watch it as it was intended to be.
 Yeah and I think I mean Disney himself said  you know Disneyland will always be growing and changing it'll never be complete so like  but you can't change everything all the time but then you can't keep everything the same  all the time so I think it's a balancing act so I think like and I think the company does  tend more towards preserving the stuff that Walt did work on.
 Like the Tiki Room and and  and the stuff that came out when he was alive especially the animatronics stuff.
 Sure.
 Yeah  sure.
 Hey wait wait a minute I have a I have an idea in retrospect also that we haven't  talked about the Christmas version there's not much to talk about but they think they  did a great job with it and the exterior looks really great with Christmas lights Halloween  version everybody.
 Yes that would be fun I would love to see that.
 300 different and  also my wife and I are both we love like there's a specific costume term called baby bunting  like when you see a costume for babies that doesn't require feet like if a baby is like  a carrot or a like like bees in a pod or or like a minion or something.
 Like an egg.
 Yeah  yeah yeah when a baby's just in a bag so let's put a bunch of baby buntings on all these  dolls.
 I love that phrase what a boring what's a bunting it's a baby bag.
 It's a fun baby  bag.
 Do they make those for adults that sounds very comforting.
 That'll be our first merch  podcast the ride adult buntings.
 Also you know what let's throw some minions in there  they're fun.
 Marissa looks aghast.
 I hate it.
 That is cross company cooperation it's  the inclusiveness you were talking about Disney and Universal coming together to shoehorn  minions into its small world.
 The minions and the dolls.
 I would hate that.
 I would  hate it.
 That is a nightmare.
 Oh my god.
 Mr Gorbachev here's a banana.
 My version of the  ride I would plus it by getting rid of the new guys.
 Take it back to like 10 years ago.
  And yeah I was like thinking about the I'm like oh I like your idea about changing the  ceiling like I don't hate that.
 But then once you spoke that I was like no let's keep it  the same.
 Good excuse.
 60s tiles perfectly preserved.
 One thing I also enjoy about like  the end which is too long I agree like after you after they're like Ben Benu and like bye  bye whatever.
 I do like that you're like which lane am I going to go in.
 The boats separate  and you don't know which one you're going to get.
 That's kind of fun.
 So keep that.
  Keep the lane.
 Keep the lane splitting up for the boats.
 I'll keep things moving traffic  wise too I'd imagine.
 So we land at basically keep it.
 I've been overridden.
 My ideas have  been overridden and it's going to be keeping being kept the same.
 I don't need mine to  happen if they did I wouldn't mind.
 Well there you have it.
 I would like mine to happen.
  Can we rip out the new guys.
 That's on you to do next time you ride it.
 Jump off and  rip them out.
 We'll be right back.
 All right.
 So we're so we're agreed.
 Small world kind  of as it basically as is.
 But I mean I'm fine with taking out the new characters.
 That's  fine with me.
 So Marissa thank you so much for joining us today and sharing your love  of small world.
 Yeah.
 You have anything to plug.
 I mean not really.
 A Twitter.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I mean if you like tweets that are from 2010 feel free to follow me on Twitter.
 Perfectly  preserved like an old Walt Ray.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's at M.
A.
R.
I.
S.
S.
A.
 G.
O.
G.
O.
 which is either  Marissa Gogo which is how I imagine it or Marissa Gogo.
 Your choice.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I perform  at UCB.
 You could see me at UCB.
 Check check the Internet.
 I feel like things are happening.
  Things are going to be worth coming.
 If you want someone to go to a link just to have  a have a nice day and see some good art or something or buy a.
 I don't know.
 How does  that people brighten their day.
 You know what brightens my day.
 I like the painter Matisse.
  OK.
 I don't know.
 Matisse.
 Good old Matisse.
 Check out some Matisse paintings and like  like really ponder them.
 Also check out podcast the ride at podcast the ride on Twitter and  podcast the ride at Gmail dot com.
 If you want to send us thoughts.
 Yeah.
 You can yell  at us in any different way.
 Twitter email in any way.
 And yeah.
 Or if you just want  to talk about H.
H.
 Holmes.
 No we're not.
 No more about him.
 And follow Jason Sheridan  show the H.
H.
 Holmes cast where we go chapter through chapter and devil in the white city  trap door by trap door.
 All right.
 Let's get out of here before the turns into a murder.
  OK.
 You survived podcast the ride.
 Thanks for listening.
 Bye bye.
 Bye.
