 Feral Audio.
  Not live from Burbank, California, it's the podcast, the ride, very merry non-denominational  holiday special featuring appearances from Sandy Duncan, Glenn Campbell, Art Carney, Nancy  Kerrigan, Dr.
 Wunderbar, Secretary of Florida, Catherine Harris, Henry Kissinger, Avery Schreiber,  Annie Patty, Don Pardo, James Cameron, Suzanne Summers, Jerry Van Dyke, the Teenage Mutant  Ninja Turtles, Time Permitting, Santa Claus, and your hosts, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gerdner,  and Mike Carlson.
  Ho ho ho, welcome to Podcast the Ride, very merry Christmas edition.
  I am Mike Carlson and I'm joined by my co-hosts as always, Jason Sheridan.
  Hello, happy holidays.
  Thank you.
 , thank you.
 , thank you.
 , thank you.
  Thank you.
 , thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you!  Thank you!  You'll get a gist of sort of Gramps' mood.
  Oh, Gramps, isn't it wonderful?  Isn't it beautiful?  To waste the time and money.
  Come on, Gramps, I want to see everything.
  You've seen enough.
 You've seen one for you, you've seen them all.
  I didn't want to come here in the first place.
  Sorry, I let you kids drive me into it.
  Now let's get going.
  I've already missed a half-day's business.
  I'm sorry.
  Missed a half-day's business.
  We just got here, and you promised us a good time.
  A good time? I'll tell you what a good time is.
  A good time is worth earning money,  not running around some park laughing and singing.
  So, Gramps is just a real pain in the ass.
  He talks about he missed a half-day of business,  he doesn't specify what the business is.
  It's just that he, you know,  he loves earning money and that's it, and no fun.
  And today, in 2017, he could be checking stocks or trading or whatever from the park.
  But this was not the case at the time.
  Right, you have to, he's like, I hate fun, I hate sunshine, and pollution is good.
  Like, this is Graham Gramps.
  I am the stereotypical angry man.
  He didn't even have an internet cafe brought to you by Treasure Planet to go check his email at.
  That is made up, but could also be real.
  Again, I thought that was real, possibly in whatever special you're going to be talking about.
  There was definitely internet cafes at the.
.
.
  InnoVentions must have had like previews of Prodigy or whatever in 1997.
  In the Dudley Do Right episode, I talked about the store that briefly sold  Rocky and Bullwinkle merchandise very quickly morphed into an internet cafe.
  Internet cafe?  But our old, yeah, Gramps didn't have this at the time.
  Right, and this is, by the way, they've also been in the park for maybe under an hour.
  Yeah, they're like outside, they haven't even been in there.
  It's like outside, it's at the main gate.
  Well, they go in a little bit and then they just come out and it's like under an hour and it's like,  I don't know, Gramps is really being a dick.
  Like, he could have given it a couple hours.
  It doesn't make any sense.
  They didn't go on a ride.
  He's just like, no, we're not doing this.
  Gramps should have loved that part of the park because it's an old timey town.
  Like, he probably grew up in it.
  What the hell, Gramps?  I know.
  So, okay, Gramps tries to leave.
  He tries to take the kids out, which, God, he's just a big pain in the ass.
  Hope you had a good time with us today at Disneyland.
  It was fine, everything was fine, just fine.
  Give my regards to Mickey Mouse.
  Tell me there's a nice place there.
  Goodbye.
  Well, what about your kids, did you enjoy it?  I'm sure you would have loved it if we got to see it.
  But Gramps wouldn't let us.
  He doesn't believe in having a good time.
  I don't believe in your kind of good time.
  While we're on the subject, I don't believe in Christmas either.
  Or fairy tales, or talking mice, or dancing penguins.
  Well, what do you believe in?  I believe in making money and minding my own business.
  I wish more people would.
  Goodbye.
  Gee, do anything, miss, so that we can stay?  I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do.
  It's a shame, too, but I have a feeling your grandfather would have won that prize money hands down.
  Hands down.
  What prize money?  Oh, no, they give a prize at Disneyland for the biggest disbeliever,  but you have to go before the head of the Department of Disbelief, you know, to see if you really qualify.
  All right, so that's Sandy Duncan, another star of stage and screen.
  She's writing a first draft script, apparently.
  Just have the characters say what they think and want.
  Say how they're different from each other.
  Don't embed it into your exposition.
  So Sandy Duncan shows up, but she's wearing that like mouseketeer, like, horse racing jockey outfit.
  Oh, yes, the old tour guides had like this riding crop and jockey hat kind of.
  They still kind of do.
  Yeah, the VIP ones.
  It's like a weird, I was thinking it's sort of a weird,  like the Playboy Mansion had the bunnies, like Walt must have had sort of a jockey fascination maybe.
  Kind of a plaid thing.
  He's a plaid man.
  Scott style.
  We'll get it.
  You mean you, Scott style?  No, I didn't.
  The Scotts style.
  The Scotts people of Scotland.
  Sure, sure.
  Oh, no, oh, but I'm into the riding crop.
  And you refer to it as Scott style.
  Yeah, you want to do it Scott style?  Pick your tartan.
  Pick your shade of plaid.
  I'll tell you exactly where to aim.
  All right, pretend that's the bullseye and my ass is Kissimmee St.
 Cloud.
  By the way, I just Googled and it just seems like the tourism website now is just Kissimmee.
  It seems like they changed the branding.
  There is still like St.
 Cloud.
  St.
 Cloud.
  I think it was just like towns, like the twin cities or two cities next to each other.
  Like it seems like it was just a couple of towns.
  Is there a redistricting?  Jerrymandering.
  Jerrymandering affected the Kissimmee St.
 Cloud tourism budget.
  St.
 Cloud, hard Trump voters, Kissimmee.
  After the Bush election in 2000 in Florida, I just think there's probably some funny business up down there.
  Catherine Harris, right?  Yeah.
  That was her.
  Catherine Harris.
  Another host of the Disney Parade, Catherine Harris.
  So anyway, back to this unpleasant old man.
  Wish he had a chance to vote for George W.
 Bush.
  Probably didn't make it that long.
  I don't think he did.
  Sandy Duncan.
  So she lies to the old man and says there's a disbeliever prize that they award to the biggest disbeliever at Disney.
  And this guy falls hook, line and sinker for it.
  Ironically believes.
  Oh, sorry.
  I'm getting ahead of myself.
  Here are the titles.
  We'll do this first.
  That's that Mad Men era golden age of advertising.
  You come up with slogans like kids love pudding.
  It's a camera.
  It's a done a Don Draper as a guy and episodes worth of angst and turmoil.
  He had to go to Palm Springs and fuck some lady.
  He got beat up in the dead left in the desert, had to walk back to town and came back to a meeting with kids like pudding.
  No, kids love.
  But if New York thinking it was just kids like pudding and then came back from his eyes, he would get pudding.
  I realized something on my journey.
  Post raisin brand to also a fun series.
  I love post raisin brand and you love pudding.
  I assume I do love pudding.
  I would clarify myself as both a raisin brand man and a pudding man pudding boy.
  Yes, I'm a raisin brand man and a pudding boy and a little pudding boy, a little pudding boy.
  Very appropriate for Christmas.
  You would have a glass of pudding every morning for breakfast.
  Yeah.
  Why does that feel so bad at the start of every school day?  Every Christmas morning, your parents kept up the tradition of foods that stopped existing after 1911.
  Yeah, we exclusively ate food from Christmas songs.
  Partridges, roasted partridges.
  So they go underground and they meet Dr.
 Wunderbar.
  And Dr.
 Wunderbar is also played by Art Carney and he looks like a Sid and Marty Croft style Albert Einstein character.
  And they don't really address why he's there, but he's a kooky wizard and he has like a magic,  he keeps talking about his magical screen where he can see everything in the park.
  And he's somehow in on this con immediately that they're fooling this old man and they tell him there's a list.
  He has 10 things that he has, there's 10 things that he cannot do by the end of the day.
  It's a little convoluted.
  We're already in the world of disbeliever contest.
  Dr.
 Wunderbar was definitely gotten out of Germany by the OSS secretly to help us build rockets.
  Oh yeah, he's too crazy for the German government, for the Disney corporation.
  Too crazy for NASA, Disney picked him up.
  Kissinger hired him.
  He's a sleepy, kooky old Nazi, basically.
  So like they go down and they see him and he's like, he's sleepy, they gotta wake him up and it's a whole thing.
  Excuse me, Dr.
 Wunderbar, we thought your office was always open.
  Office is always open, that is true.
  It's never closed, day or night I'm on the job, wide awake and full of peps.
  What can I do for you?  But there's never, they don't address who he is, why he's there.
  He's not even a Disney character.
  Like it would have made more sense if he was like, you know, a witch or like a fairy from, you know,  one of the fairies from Cinderella or something.
  Just like David S.
 Pumpkins, he's not even from something.
  Yeah.
  I'm so in the woods with Dr.
 Wunderbar.
  So they tell him there's 10 things that he cannot do.
  As long as there's one thing that he doesn't do by the end of the day, he gets this prize.
  So it's like, if he just believes somebody, that's taking off one of the items on the list.
  So like just having faith in someone.
  So he has faith in them by the end and they go, oh, you've done one of them.
  And he's like, oh, you're tricking me or whatever.
  But he has nine more to go.
  So obviously it's a very convoluted.
  I don't want to bog you down.
  Just show me someone going on the Haunted Mansion and getting spooked.
  That's all I want out of my specials.
  Too much plot.
  Too much plot.
  Sandy Duncan then shrinks down and has a song and dance on Small World.
  Not going to show it.
  Not going to play any of it.
  We're not going to.
  You can have a fun time on Christmas.
  Sandy Duncan also, by the way, we didn't explain Sandy Duncan, but she was like sort of, she's this like chipper, like 60s TV perennial, who I believe was Peter Pan in some prominent version of Peter Pan.
  She's the kind of person my mom grew up with and who I'm still disturbed by because my childhood had a lot of, I feel like I knew who all the Peter Pans were.
  Like my mom, you got to, I have to teach my son about Sandy Duncan and Mary Martin and.
  Pretty sure I got a lesson on Mary Martin and Sandy Duncan as well.
  Just because there were TV personalities and TV was king.
  I haven't, I have not been to therapy yet, but when it comes, I'm sure the first session will, I'll be getting a lot off my back about Sandy Duncan and Mary Martin.
  That would mix me up as a child.
  Sure.
  So I spent a good amount of time talking to my therapist about the.
  Okay, just like, like that they're great.
  Usually positive, usually positive, but also to contextualize other stuff.
  Your therapist is like a listener of this podcast, just hearing news.
  So they're converting Paradise Pier into Pixar Pier.
  Like no problem, no problem is being addressed.
  How does that make you feel?  Great.
  I'm very happy.
  Hey, this was a fun session.
  Here's $200.
  So Mike, is that, is that all you have from this?  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, we still have the best part.
  This is the first, we're still on the first special.
  I don't have nearly this much.
  My book report isn't as in depth.
  So, so yeah, we're getting to the good stuff here, the real good stuff.
  Art Carney is not the only angry man in this.
  They meet up with Santa Claus played by Glen Campbell and Glen Campbell as Santa Claus is pissed.
  What seems to be the trouble Santa?  Well, it's the elves.
  They're just not putting out enough stuff this year.
  I'm afraid there's going to be a lot of disappointed children this Christmas.
  Good for them.
  I saw Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs a while ago and they were busy.
  I'm sure they'd love to pitch in.
  Well, that would be nice.
  I can certainly use all the help I can get.
  Nope, they're not elves.
  Doesn't count.
  Meet you all at the workshop.
  Okay.
  And then he tells the kids that they're not going to get presents this year.
  There's a good chance you guys won't get presents.
  And then that makes Art Carney mad.
  So they go and they recruit the Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs to just do free labor.
  First of all, Santa's a real dick here, obviously, because he doesn't explain why the elves are making toys.
  He's putting all of the onus on them for not actually making the toys.
  Like there could have been a baby boom this year.
  That's why there's more kids that need toys.
  There should be some reason here.
  So it's a classic like evil boss putting all of his problems on the workers and not taking any of the credit or the blame.
  Being offered solutions but not pouncing on them.
  Yeah, I think it's Santa.
  The fish stinks from the head down and I think this is Santa's issue.
  Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
  So we go and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, they go help.
  And this is all shot like on the Alice in Wonderland ride in a very strange way.
  And there's just like, they set up a couple of shops.
  They set up some tables where the elves are working.
  And Snow White is singing about how good this is.
  And you see like these lifeless elves and they're just like hammering at half speed.
  And you're like, God, what happened to these poor motherfuckers?  And obviously it's like Santa's the problem.
  So Snow White, they all go help, but it's not enough.
  So who has a skill in this group that could help make this situation better?  It's clearly Gramps.
  So basically Gramps' solution to this is saying hurry up to them.
  And this works.
  So he goes, I got an idea.
  Hurry up.
 Hurry up.
  Something Santa never thought to do.
  Right.
 Santa never thought about this.
  And then all of a sudden it was like, oh, we should hurry.
  And they do.
 And then everything is fine.
  And that was Gramps' contribution to this situation.
  So he has helped.
  Why does Disney have to be involved in Santa and making toys?  And how is this Disneyland's responsibility?  You know what? They don't really explain it.
  They don't explain why Santa's workshop is set up in the middle of Fantasyland.
  They don't really go into it.
  I guess it adds up to the North Pole's kind of like Disneyland.
  It's all just one stop shop.
  So basically after this, then there's the saddest song, and this will be the last bit.
  There's plenty more, but this will be the last bit.
  Is that Gramps basically lets the kids know why he's so sad.
  I know I've been dying to know.
  I mean, he's very general, but there's actually some character work being done here is what I'm saying.
  Oh, this is what Art Carney won the Oscar for.
  You must learn never to trust anyone.
 You stick with me and I'll show you the ropes.
  And you two get to be my age, you'd be glad you listen to me.
  Also, these kids are the worst singers.
  All kids are the worst singers.
  I am your age, will life be sad?  Will I be grouchy? Will I be mad?  Will I be everyone who happens to come my way?  And will I say love's not what I need?  Love's not what I need.
  What is happening? Why was he sad?  Hold on, hold on, we get to it.
  Will I be joyful?  Or still believe in Santa Claus?  And all of the things he does?  I'll have when I go.
  That I have never told.
  There's nothing to believe anymore.
  There's nothing to believe anymore?  When I'm your age.
  When I'm your age.
  Isn't it easy for me?  You think I enjoy the way I am?  I'm this way because of what happened to me many, many years ago.
  You never told us that story, Gramps.
  I never told anyone that story.
  When I was your age, nobody cared.
  Nobody helped me.
  Nobody shared.
  Not even a crust of bread.
  Nobody said,  Don't cry, little boy, to my little boy.
  When I was your age.
  Alright, that's enough sadness.
  Oh my God.
  So this is, you will not find this in the last 25 years of Disney specials,  just bleak sadness, just a poor man who seems like he was an orphan as a boy.
  We just set up a world where, boy, I wish the specials were the way they used to be.
  Then we listen to Art Carney moan about never having a crust of bread.
  And today you would watch the Christmas parade, and it would be like Carrie Underwood saying,  Merry Christmas!  Now I'm questioning why we want things this way.
  What's wrong with us?  Yeah, I don't know.
  What does life mean?  There is no joy.
  I guess I'm sad now that I'm old.
  Hey, in the spirit of this special, my iPhone has like bricked in the middle of this.
  What?  Hooked my iPhone up to my computer and it says,  We see your iPhones in recovery mode.
  Reset the factory settings.
  Everything's going wrong on this episode.
  My pacemaker stopped working.
  I'm dying.
  It's all going to shit.
  So this is 1976, and it was an exciting special.
  At the end, he makes a wish, and then there's ice everywhere on Main Street,  and Mickey and Minnie go ice skating together.
  And then it ends very nicely.
  But this is a wacky, weird special, and it is not that way anymore.
  Yeah, hey, it was a big swing.
  I might declare it to be a miss from the brief moments that we've heard of it.
  Oh my god.
  What a, yeah.
  This song is so sad.
  It's just so sad, and it's crazy that they would allow it on.
.
.
  Does he end up, what's the end of the arc of Mr.
 Gramps?  Gramps, at the end, he finally believes a little bit, and he gets presents finally.
  The first time he ever, he mentions somewhere he's never gotten a present before,  which kind of doesn't make sense because he obviously has kids because he has grandkids,  so you would think somebody gave the old man a present at a certain point.
  But he sees, he makes the wish for it to be like snow and be ice in Disneyland,  and they're like, we can't even do that.
  And then Sandy Duncan's like, oh, maybe if we wish really hard,  and they of course wish really hard, and then it happens.
  So he gets to see Mickey and Minnie ice skating,  which I guess was his dream as a child or something.
  And then he gets presents from the characters.
  When he watched them in cartoons, he's like, but I want to see him skate.
  I bet someone's feeling about these two that he'd be good at skating.
  When he would watch TV through a drug store window as a child  because he didn't have a home or a television.
  Trying to spot on the shelves if they have bags of bread crust.
  Just the crust.
  Just the crust, please.
  He'd go buy a bag of crust for four nickels, try to make it last a month.
  I think, honestly, I think Gramps should come back,  played by a new actor in one of these specials,  but that's what I'll be pitching to Disney when I go in.
  A character worth rebooting.
  Christopher Plummer.
  Sure.
  Christopher Plummer is the new choice for replacing people  as old crusty guys in movies.
  So Christopher Plummer is Gramps.
 I'm excited for it.
  And he'll be great at singing this song, When I Was Your Age.
  I was sad.
 I was never happy.
 I was just, I was never glad.
  Oh boy.
  All right.
  Well, that's our first miserable special.
  Okay, here's what I will say about mine.
  I don't have a ton of clips, and I don't have a clip of this song specifically,  but I'm going to talk about the Christmas at Walt Disney World 1978 special.
  And the clips that I do have are more on the depressing end,  although not that depressing compared to the saga of Gramps.
  But let me talk about this special a little bit.
  Christmas at Walt Disney World 78, maybe the first Disney World Christmas special.
  It includes appearances from Shields and Yarnell,  who are a mime troupe, a husband and wife mime troupe,  who are 70s variety show staples.
  And most of the special is them, which I will not play for you,  because mimery is silent.
 It won't translate on a podcast.
  But a lot of the special are these two mimes who are insanely creepy,  if you can imagine that, and them playing different characters.
  You watch them go.
.
.
 They have sort of like that Blue Man group vibe,  where they're strange and inquisitive, and they don't know what these human things are.
  So you watch them go from LAX to the Orlando airport,  and then the baggage comes out, and they crawl out of the baggage.
  They got in the suitcase, because they're mime people.
  They don't understand that you're supposed to sit on a seat, not be in a suitcase.
  Doesn't that sound charming?  You want what I just said to play out over the course of seven minutes.
  Is it called like the Click Clackers or something?  I don't know.
  Is this the same.
.
.
 There's a special where like a robot couple goes.
.
.
  Yes, this is the robot couple.
  This is the robot couple.
  They are similar to, although I would say less creepy than,  Bernadette Peters and Andy Kaufman in Heart Beeps.
  But they probably get along with the Heart Beeps couple.
  They could go on a double date with the Heart Beeps couple.
  I think they might use all of their secret genital compartments to have a good old time.
  There's also this sequence where, if that doesn't sound fun to you, a robot mime couple,  there's a very long sequence in which these two grown adult mimes are babies in the park.
  In like respective blue and pink baby onesies, and they kind of crawl around.
  I mean, as soon as I saw that beginning, I stopped watching, so I can't recap the man-baby part.
  It is something that is clearly a mass of content that is only meant for fetishes.
  Utterly disturbing.
  So, and yet I claimed that this special was less depressing than what we were just talking about.
  And here is why.
  Because it contains one of my favorite sequences in any Disney special.
  And you can look up just this part on YouTube.
  Please, just you at home, put in the phrase, Pablo Cruz rocks Disney's Discovery Island.
  This is a delightful sequence in which the band, the 70s band Pablo Cruz,  performs their hit song, Worlds Away, and over at the Seven Seas Lagoon at Disney World.
  Which, if you're not familiar with that, is the big lake that's outside of the Magic Kingdom  and surrounding the Polynesian contemporary hotels.
  The thing you forget about old Disney World is that it was this like water sports outdoor destination when it opened.
  Something that I think was a lot more important in the 70s.
  Then, like they needed to have that as well as the theme parks.
  So, you know, you had your golf courses and you also had boats and stuff.
  And this music video lets you see Pablo Cruz trying out all the different types of water sports.
  You're watching these cool mustachio dudes on catamarans and jet skis and paddle boats.
  And it's all set to this song that's kind of like, I would describe it as a sub-Come Sail Away.
  It's sort of as the Odyssey aquatic vibe of Come Sail Away, except for way less interesting sections.
  Like the solos are a lot more limited in their musical dexterity.
  That being said, this sequence is so charming.
  It's like, you know, there's split screens and the song is so,  The world's away and if you just if you if you look this one up and watch it,  just know that my like happy place, Scott Gardner's happy place in his head,  if I'm feeling low, I just imagine that I'm in the Pablo Cruz Rocks Discovery Island video.
  Just catamaranin around with the bass player.
  It's it's it's if you watch this sequence and you don't smile, there's something wrong with you.
  There's a story in my family about one of the first times my parents went to Disney.
  And I hope I haven't told this before.
  But my parents rented a boat in the seven seas.
  They rented two of those like putt putt boats where Mike, I know you've done this before.
  It's just literally like there's a brake pedal and a gas pedal or or there might just be a gas pedal and you take your foot off.
  It's like an idiot proof, like tiny little one or two person boat.
  You can rent a variety of boats and take it around Bay Lake.
  And yeah, so we would take out the little boats and yeah, you would drive it around the second to last time I was at Disney World.
  I drove it around and tried to figure out if I could get out of the boat and get into river country.
  But in water park.
 Yeah, because you can kind of see it.
  I knew where it was.
 So we like pulled up and I was like, I mean, I'm look, I'm not a bad kid.
  So I'm not going to get in trouble.
 But I was like, oh, here's where you would park and pop out.
  And I think I could make it over into the abandoned water park if you were if I was a bad kid, which I'm not.
  I'm a good boy.
 I'm a good, good kid.
  So, yeah, so my parents rented two of those boats.
  My dad in the middle of the lake ran out of gas.
 So he's just stranded.
  My mom's like, all right, I'll go back to the dock and I'll get someone to come out.
  So my dad's just sitting there in a boat.
  And then one of the boats that take people to the Magic Kingdom started coming right at him.
  And they they he's like, wait, like he's like, yeah, like, like, I don't have to.
  I can't do anything.
 And they they realize it and like move out of the way.
  But he's still they're still awake.
  They're still like waves from the boat so that he gets like moored on the rocks.
  So miserable.
 It's the 70s, probably in polyester.
  Just miserable on the rocks waiting for a cast member in a different boat to come get his broken down boat.
  And that always was so we so that's why we never when I came along, we never did any of those rentals.
  Dark memories.
 Dark.
 Yeah.
  It didn't go as smooth as Pablo Cruz's journey through the Seas Lagoon.
  I'm just like, but your dad coincidentally is named Pablo Sheridan, correct? Yes.
 Pablo.
 Pablo Sheridan.
  Old Pablo.
 Yeah.
  But so another thing about this music video is that in addition to the water sports stuff,  the band is performing the song next to like a little shipwreck set on the shores of Discovery Island.
  And Discovery Island, we've talked about a tiny bit on the show.
  It's this like abandoned former zoo that's an island within the Seven Seas Lagoon at Disney World.
  And once they opened Animal Kingdom, they abandoned this.
  They got they they stopped keeping tabs on this on this old zoo and thought that they cleared a lot of the animals out, but they did not.
  There's still like some there was like some urban exploration thing where people found like weird like vulture eggs, like corners of these.
  Anyway, what I'm getting at is like there's a part where a vulture features really heavily into the main shot of the singer of Pablo Cruz.
  And you come out of it thinking like, oh, cool, I should go to this island, go pretend I'm a pirate and hang out with these vultures.
  But like looking up the history of the vultures at Discovery Island in 1989,  Disney was specifically sued by the state of Florida for their poor treatment of the vultures.
 Oh, the vulture.
  Oh, no.
 Are you getting to the shed? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Apparently there was a time.
 Well, first of all, the vultures like attacked people like they attacked the other animals.
  They were not kept in check by Disney.
  And at one point it was discovered that there was a to the vultures were just being kept kind of unruly in a big shed and maybe not a big shed.
  It might have been a small shed.
 And at one point there were 72 vultures all just kept in,  so it's like something you run into in Donkey Kong country.
  That's like a boss level going into the old rusty shed of vultures and Donkey Kong having to punch them all out one at a time.
  Unless the vultures were gold, unless it was a bonus level.
  We were trying to collect them.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Now that I would like.
  But just imagine opening that door, a door, a rusty shed full of vultures.
  Wait, but isn't the ending of that that that was just like a sheet metal like shed and there was a heat wave and the vultures just kind of cooked?  Oh, God.
 Oh, what? Jesus.
  Didn't they have to pay a significant fine because of a bunch of cooked vultures?  Oh, Jesus Christ.
 Anyway.
 Oh, we're trying so hard to steer this out of misery.
  It's the most wonderful time.
  Vultures for cooking.
 Oh, no.
  So but, you know, back in 78, the vultures were just a fun part of a Pablo Cruz music video.
  And there were a lot of great songs in the 1978 Christmas at Disney World special, including one that is so notable.
  A song sung by an old character actor named Avery Schreiber.
  And he in this special exclusively plays one of Disney's great characters, Gepetto.
  And I'm going to play a couple of clips of this this for you now.
  All right.
 So old Avery Schreiber as Gepetto is reminiscing on I think he's he's finished reading a letter from Pinocchio, who I guess is not coming home for the holidays to be with Gepetto.
  Oh, Jesus.
 But it's still a very nice letter.
  And it's making him look back fondly on happy Christmas memories with Pinocchio.
  So that sets the stage for this.
  He's still a my boy.
 Pinocchio's grown up.
 He moved to America, but he's still my boy.
  That can it is now.
 What a crazy wooden puppet I make.
  What a man he has turned into.
  I remember Pinocchio when he was a little child.
  What a wooden head he was.
 What a wooden head he was.
  Every time I get a splinter at the work table here, I remember the time I gave him the only spanking I ever gave him.
  This is going to hurt me more than it's going to hurt you.
  Boy, was I right.
  It's also now can now we know that it wasn't just in theory that Gepetto had to raise Pinocchio like a baby.
 He like spanked him and punished him.
 And as we're about to learn, gave him a bath.
  Say, do you remember the time that I gave a Pinocchio the first bath? Oh, was he scared? He was so frightened.
  He's telling the story to a wooden horse, by the way.
  Gepetto's just a crazy man in his work shed talking to inanimate objects.
  What's a water? I put him in it.
 He floats.
  Then I couldn't get him out.
 It's all soaked.
 He gets the wood inside of me gets twisted, gets warped.
  It wasn't funny then.
 Now we can laugh about it.
  Here's a nice bit of education for the holiday boy.
 You know, forget about the story of Christ.
 This Christmas reflect on the story of Gepetto giving Pinocchio a bath and him warping.
  This is this sounds like he's like like about to take a bunch of pills or they're on the way.
  They're kicking in right now and he's having crazy false memories.
  He's going to get in the tub with a toaster.
 I make my new son.
 This is a toaster.
 I'll just give this toaster a big hug and a bath.
  Pre dates Disney's live action remakes.
 This Avery Shriver as a live action Pinocchio.
  Yeah, you think that Lion King with Beyonce is going to be fun? Give me.
  I want the full hour and a half tale of Pinocchio's first bath and first spanking.
  Oh, ouch.
 It's at a splinter.
 But again, this would never fly.
  This stuff would never fly.
 Now they would never let a precious Disney property, a beloved character like Gepetto ramble on with like semi improvised stories that you've never seen in any actual Disney product.
  Not a lot of spank Pinocchio.
 That's out.
 No.
 Yeah, yeah, that's that's problematic.
  King is bad.
 Yeah, we don't get to hear about like, you know, like Lumiere having to like, you know, the first time as a candle, he had to take a shower and use a loofah, which was one of his friends.
  Also an enchanted.
 If you're an enchanted washcloth in the in the castle, I guess you just have to know you would have to be used as a in a bath or shower situation for one of your friends.
  You got to do your part.
 Darkest episode we've ever done.
 Does Pinocchio come back? He never comes back.
  He shows up in a different plot unrelated to Gepetto in in Disney World.
 He's in Disney World, although and but Gepetto is back in Italy.
  Wait, wait, wait.
 But who's playing him in Disney World? I think one of those mimes.
 I think it's one of them mimes.
 Oh, jeez.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Which also is a sequence not worth discussing watching this like creepy little bar, perhaps woman.
 It might be it might be a grown woman playing Pinocchio.
  What is happening? I don't know.
 You know, now that we look at was this a not a correct idea to do here?  I'm sure I'll only make it worse by playing this bizarre song.
 Gepetto is so lonely for Christmas because Pinocchio isn't coming home that he decides to make a new friend for himself.
  And we watch him pick up a full a complete puppet.
 We can see as he's picking it up and then he starts kind of pantomime banging it as if he's building a new one.
  But we already saw the finished puppet he was picking up.
 And here we go.
 Today, I take some wood from an old tree.
  Don't you worry, Christmas tree today, I try to make it company.
  Today, I try to make Gepetto's clone.
 What? Gepetto's clone, did he say? Gepetto's clone.
  And let me skip ahead to what the hell he's talking about there.
 We, Aaron and I, my wife and I at home quite often, if one of us just like, hey, when is that happening?  We say today, then we there will always be a pause.
 We say today, today.
 He repeats that so many times in this song.
 Also, I love that Gepetto is just losing his mind whenever he's not singing.
  It's just bizarre, unhinged cackling.
  So so then let's cut to the end of the song.
 We get to see what puppet he's making.
 And I'll turn this to face you guys.
  I give my love to you.
 I give my love to me.
 Oh my God.
  Fuck off.
 Oh my God.
 He's making a puppet of himself.
 He's dressed in the same little vest and same wig.
  Gepetto just turned around revealing a puppet of himself.
 Oh my God.
 I give my love to me.
  This is far more disturbing than the one I played.
 A crew got together and made the made this filmed it, built a set, built that puppet.
  This was in a time.
 Now there's endless recorded media.
 There were only so many TV specials filmed in 1978.
  And one of them, like 70 crusty guys had to get together and film Gepetto giving his love to a puppet of himself.
  Let me ask a question.
 If you were to keep playing it, does he start kissing it? I believe so.
  I'll just like oh yes immediately.
 He does.
 It took three seconds to tell that yes he kisses himself.
  Is it one kiss or is it like he's making out with it? No, it's a sweet little kiss on the forehead.
 Oh, you look just like me.
  Oh my God.
 Oh my dream of me coming into the room, giving myself a big enough hug.
  All right.
 The puppet Gepetto.
 This is a world of sin and it's time to clean this, cleanse the sinners.
  From now on, Gepetto only have time for people who look like me.
  The great cleansing will happen and only mustachioed old man will exist.
  All right.
 The Gepetto puppet.
 We're going to the top of the clock tower.
  Now you watch that to the door and I'm going to dish out the vengeance.
  Anyone who's not an older man, they got to go.
  You should have come home, Benokia.
 You should have come.
  You could have stopped at this.
 One of the visits to old withering memory Gepetto.
  Gepetto carved his own gun out of his workshop.
 Oh, hello gun.
  I wish a gun to come to life.
  You are such a good gun.
 Oh my God.
 Is yours fun, Jason?  Yes, it is fun.
 Can we jump to one of mine?  Please, dear God, let's do it.
  Sometimes you discover while making an episode you shouldn't have done this one.
  All right.
 Like America coming out of the malaise that was the 1970s,  it's time to jump ahead to the go go 80s for the Disney very Merry Christmas parade in 1988.
  Yeah, which I believe my family, I believe we had this probably taped off of TV  and I would watch this on repeat because a lot of it seemed very familiar to me.
  So I want to start by just playing like the like the credit, the opening like here's who's here credit.
  Because I could do a whole episode just on the credits of these parades.
  Like I said earlier, they're like a perfect time capsule.
  So exciting knowing which of your favorite stars are joining you.
  Yeah.
 Christmas morning.
 Here we go.
  Walt Disney World holiday greetings to all of America, Canada, South America, Europe, Australia, the Far East and service men and women around the globe.
  It's the annual Walt Disney World very merry Christmas parade.
  Join our host, Joan London and Alan Thicke along with Regis Philbin right here at Walt Disney World in Florida and from Disneyland in California.
  Join Sarah Purcell and Family Tie's Scott Valentine for all the holiday magic and fantasy of a coast to coast Disney Christmas extravaganza.
  Share all the laughs and holiday cheer of a visit to Mickey's birthday land.
  Celebrate Christmas Caribbean style with Minnie and all her friends.
  Say hello to Oliver, Dodger and Francis and take a behind the scenes look at the making of Oliver and company.
  Join Family Tie's Scott Valentine as he previews Disneyland's great new thrill ride Splash Mountain.
  Catch a sneak peek at the movie magic coming soon to the Disney MGM Studios theme park.
  All this and more is on its way.
  OK, so a very exciting year for the Disney company.
  There's so much going on.
 It's the Disney Decade.
  Splash Mountain is opening.
 Wow.
  Mickey's birthday land, the predecessor to Toontown.
  And Scott Valentine is there to cover it all.
  And Scott Valentine is there.
 So Alan Thicke and Joan London.
  Vibrant neon colors.
  Regis Philbin, like we were saying earlier, Regis Philbin does man on the street in this.
  And there is a point where he's just going down Main Street and he starts by like talking.
  Where are you from? Are you having a good day?  Like asking everyone where they're from and like at a certain point realizes, oh, this is going to take too long.
  And he just starts shouting at people.
 Where are you from? New Jersey.
  Where are you from? Canada.
  Like it's just people going down, down the line.
  So some of the stuff previewed in that.
  And OK, the Caribbean Beach Resort.
  This is a very special clip.
  The Caribbean Beach Resort was new that year.
  It was just opening.
  Again, like I said, we had this special taped off TV when I was a kid.
  So the following is one of those things that is burned into my mind.
  And I'll hit play and turn this around so you can see this.
  Minnie is dancing on top of a float.
  Flamenco routine.
  This is there's a lot of dancers dancing to this popular song at the time.
  Especially Chip and Dale, a very festive outfit.
  Flamenco sleeves.
  Feathery those flowery sleeves.
  Yeah, this goes on for a while.
  Imagine that pace for the interest of fair use laws.
  I'll stop it there.
  But yeah, I looking through these specials, I had convinced myself that it was Gloria Estefan doing this.
  I saw there is a lot of clips of Gloria Estefan performing at Disney World.
  She is not in this.
  But like this is just a thing burned into my mind.
  People dancing around the Chip and Dale dancing around the Caribbean Beach Resort.
  As a boy, were you like, this is great.
  I love that song.
  I love that song.
  I love Chip and Dale.
  So yeah, but this is essentially just a music video slash commercial advertising a new hotel.
  Caribbean themed hotel.
  They did have a great pool.
  I remember my family pool hopping.
  Is that the one with the slide that's the dragon's tongue?  No, I think that's a different hotel.
  I think that this is the one that looks like an old like fort and there's like cannons and stuff.
  So yeah, we would go there a lot.
  Here's that earnestness after hearing old men contemplate their lives.
  Now let's remember when we were four and all we wanted was cool water slides.
  Just to come out of some animal's mouth.
  I want to be spit out of a big animal.
  Can I just say also with your fondness for for conga?  Sure.
  I had a very pleasurable experience two years ago when I the last time I was in New York City.
  My wife Erin really wanted to see the Gloria Estefan musical.
  Get on your feet.
  And there we went to get last minute tickets for that day's matinee.
  There were only two seats left and they were they were reserved because they were a little more expensive.
  And they were the guy at the box office told us these are the conga seats.
  And it was it was pricey.
  But I had a feeling what that might mean.
  And indeed, at the end of Act one, the showstopping closer of the first act was conga.
  And before I knew it, my wife was up on her feet and in the conga line.
  Escorted up by Gloria Estefan's father from the musical.
  And she's going up and down the aisle.
  She's in the play.
  The happiest memory could not have been.
  You know, we I had a feeling what conga seats was going to mean.
  And they they didn't they did not disappoint.
  Oh, what a what a what a time.
  If you if you're in New York, go see.
  Get on your feet.
 Get on your feet.
  Unless it's not playing anymore.
  It may have closed a very long time ago.
  There's no way to know.
  OK, so again, in the in the interest of Young Jason, a big part of this special or of this parade,  a preview of Oliver and Company behind the scenes of Oliver and Company,  which if I'm remembering correctly, was the first movie a young Jason would have seen in the movie theater.
  Me too.
  The same.
 So I have that like, yeah, that that very nascent baby barely there memory  is full of holes and crazy as a Geppetto memory.
  I do remember being in the theater and watching Oliver and Company.
  It might be mine.
 I'm a year older than you guys, I feel like.
  But I feel like it might be it's one of the first movies.
  I don't know if it's the first one I saw, but it's it's for sure like one of the one of the first three.
  You might have been a great mouse detective guy.
  I don't think I saw that in the theater.
 I think I saw.
  Was that before? Sure.
 Land Before Time was also in the mix.
  They were all.
 It's hard to know.
 Yeah.
  I'll tell you what else I saw in the theater pretty year after this.
  Dick Tracy, a horrific looking movie to show a four year old.
  Anyway, Oliver and Company.
 This is the big movie of the year.
  You know, there's another clip in in the special of Jeffrey Katzenberg going like, you know,  we're committed to making one animated movie a year and we're on track to do it.
  And you know what those were? Those are the Little Mermaid and the Beast.
  All the best ones.
 But this clip is real quick.
  And we'll post this on social media because this one's kind of visual and it's it's pretty funny.
  It's just very funny to me.
  So I'll play it for you guys to see and then I'll describe what is happening.
  Billy Joel suggested really early on.
  Billy Joel is in sunglasses, the white T-shirt.
  Billy Joel, he can sing great, but can he act?  And then it worked out great.
 He can really act.
 He's really into the bar.
  Hey, keep it down, guys.
  It's Billy.
 Oh boy, that's right.
  That never.
  He can really act.
  It's just this very, just Billy Joel just grooving inside in a sound booth like we are.
  But he's got sunglasses on and he's grooving and it's very soft spoken Disney  animator just going like, yeah, he can sing, but can he act?  I don't know why this is so fun.
 I'm just imagining.
  Can I ask you to role play?  Can I ask you to be Billy Joel in that moment?  I'll just be the director of Oliver and Company.
  Now, remember, now you're great.
  You're great on stage, a lot of great stage presence.
  But remember, this this part really requires you to act and really just a moat and really just just give it your all.
  And it's got to be huge.
 It's got to jump from the microphone onto the screen.
  OK, so you think you're ready, Billy?  Yeah.
 All right.
 Here we go.
  Really act, really do it.
  And action.
  Come on, the game's on.
  Oh my God.
  You can really act, sir.
  Thank you, Mr.
 Joel.
  We are all weeping on the other side of the glass.
  All right.
  Stay cool.
  All right.
 Back to the Hamptons.
  I knew it would be easy just like writing songs.
  Oh, boy.
  I mean, that's the that that movie I would loved.
  I loved it.
  I love.
 Yeah.
 Why should I worry?  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, it was great.
  Is there more?  Yeah.
 I was waiting for more stuff.
  Hey, that's all I have from 88.
  OK, cool.
 Hey, let's let's take a little break.
  We'll be back with more Christmas magic.
  All right.
 And we're back with podcast, The Ride, the very merry non denominational holiday special.
  And let's step through a couple more moments from some of some of these holiday specials.
  Jason, I think you had one more to talk about.
  Yeah.
 So just real quick, I watched the 1996 parade hosted by Suzanne Summers and Jerry Van Dyke.
  And can I say?  Chemistry, if you if you had to define the word chemistry, it would be these two together.
  Chemistry, you know, knowing what the other person you're on TV with is talking about the two parts,  the ends of the conversation lining up and actually connecting.
  I was like really upset that year to like I was so I loved Regis and Joan Lundin so much.
  And then like, who are these people? And Jerry Van Dyke is so like strange and doddering.
  And I was like, I still have sour memories about this special.
  How dare you play it here?  Yeah, this is also the year of the cake castle, which I love.
  I also love the cake castle.
  I don't like the cake castle.
  So for those of you who don't know, for the anniversary of Disney Disney World,  they made the castle into a giant birthday cake.
 So it's a big pink monstrosity that looked like,  you know, a cake or cupcake instead of the famous Cinderella Castle.
  And Jason and I as a boy loved it.
 Many people hated it.
 It was gaudy.
  It was bizarre.
 It was strange.
  I we went that year and I loved it.
 Yeah, I thought it was great.
  You ate up the cake.
  I would have.
 Yeah, because I scarfed down a big slice of it.
  If I could have taken a bite of it, I would.
  Jason tried and I tried and did not succeed.
  What your nightmares are about still.
  So this clip, real quick, let me just make sure I have the right spot.
  OK, so this is a gospel singer named Sandy Patty doing a little number in the parade.
  I'm going to play it.
  Fabulous Sandy Patty.
  Remember the magic, remember the magic.
 It's time to remember the magic.
  Your heart could just take wing.
 You could live out all your dreams.
  No matter how, no matter when, you could reach that world again.
  It's like a dream come true that lives inside of you.
  It's time to remember the magic.
  It's time to remember the magic.
  Remember the magic, remember the magic.
  A new rock destination, a new celebration.
  Twenty five years of Disney magic.
  All right, we'll stop it there.
  Twenty five years of Disney magic.
  Now, what do you think they're standing on, singing Zippity Dooda?  A big log, a giant splash mountain log?  No, she's standing on the Cinderella float and a bunch of like royal like people are dancing.
  But here's what happens later in the parade.
  For the winner now with the showboat from Song of the South.
  Song of the South.
 Here it comes right now.
  Song of the South.
  And here is Square Rabbit, Bear Bear and Bear Fox on a big boat.
  So this is also weird to look at now, like Disney acknowledging Song of the South.
  Yeah, because Song of the South, this old controversial movie, is always part of the parks with Splash Mountain,  but they don't really like shove those characters out there.
  They don't make them such a strong part of the.
  Yeah.
 What I was going to say is that Jerry Van Dyke, famous.
  Jerry Van Dyke is the one who introduced the song of the.
  He screwed it up.
 Jerry Van Dyke is, if always cast as like a fuck up,  he always is a guy who like he was that on when he was on the Dick Van Dyke show and when he was on.
  I just watched a Mary Tyler Moore episode where Mary's dating Jerry Van Dyke.
  He's a loser guy who tries to be a stand up comedian and he sucks.
  So Jerry Van Dyke in real life, I think, is like a screw up.
  That's like the whole thing.
 And then he proves it here in the Disney,  unless he's trying to tie continuity together through all of his various roles throughout TV history.
  As soon as the special was done, he walked out of the announcer booth the wrong way and fell down onto Main Street, cracked his head.
  He got his head caught in a bucket of paint.
  Like he was walking around, he couldn't.
 Then he tripped down some.
 Yeah.
  And ever since then, he's been talking to wooden horses and toasters trying to get him in the bath.
  Jason, does that take us through the.
 Yeah, that's all myself.
  I also I flipped through that special as well.
  You get a special sneak preview of the live action Glenn Close 101 Dalmatians.
  And there's this one part where they show you how baby puppies are made and they pull an inanimate sort of foam rubber Dalmatian out of a mold.
  And it's one of the creepiest images I have ever seen.
  It was like kind of like birthing of like unpainted puppy fetus.
  It's one of the most disturbing images.
  In keeping with the nightmare, I could have let that go and not talked about that foam puppy fetus.
  And yet I had to.
 You felt compelled to.
  It's in my brain and I had to spread it to yours.
  I couldn't hold on to that memory.
 No.
  So I have I have one I have one more.
  And after all of this depression, let me just play like the happiest thing that I could imagine.
  And and by the way, I want to give a shout out to this one was put on the Internet by our friend Doug Jones,  a.
k.
a.
 Dante Fontana.
  And if you're if after all this, you're somehow still interested in clips from Bazaar,  Disney holiday specials and other specials from all year round, Doug made these amazing mashup.
  Have you guys seen these these things Doug's made these these like feature like the way what are they called?  The Mouseketeers escape to Splash Mountain and Golden Girls return from Space Mountain.
  These are on these are on Vimeo or you can order them, I believe, as DVDs off of Dante Fontana dot com.
  Just a shout out.
 He made me aware of so many bizarre, wonderful moments from these these Disney specials,  including this one, which he's responsible for putting on YouTube.
  Ladies and gentlemen, a performance from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles with special guest Alan Thicke.
  So what we are looking at right now and please do yourself a favor and look this one up.
  It is Alan Thicke dressed kind of like the Schwarzenegger Schwarzenegger in Terminator mode with leather jacket and sunglasses  doing kind of a kind of a rap rock version of Santa Claus is coming to town while the Ninja Turtles do a roundhouse flips around him and the like.
  And I won't play the whole thing, but you end up with slightly customized Ninja Turtles related lyrics like  he sees you eat your pizza.
 It is a real delight.
  I remember this and this was a big because I think this is the end of the special.
 Am I wrong?  Or there's another maybe there's another Ninja Turtle.
 I can't imagine how they would top it.
  Yeah, because they would they teased me for like an hour or two.
  And I remember just killing me to wait to see the Ninja Turtles.
  And I don't my memory Alan Thicke has been erased from my memory.
  It's just that I remember the Ninja Turtles and they're with the party wagon, the turtle van.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And it was thrilling to see them in one of my favorite places.
  Pretending to kick nothing, kicking at the audience, which didn't register.
  It's practice.
 If there were foot soldiers here, consider them kicked in the face.
  I think Alan adds a lot to it.
 Please look this up.
  Please look a look up my other favorite Alan Thicke musical number Sweaty and Hot from the 1987 Aerobics Championships.
  It's a song that he wrote that's a like a love song with the gymnastics metaphor strength throughout.
  We're giving you a lot of homework on this one.
  Pablo Cruz, the many musical numbers of Alan Thicke, check them out.
  So there's a there's a there's our brief jaunt through the history of Disney holiday specials.
  There's more.
 We could save some for next year or we could never discuss these again.
  But what a incredibly miserable area if it's not the Ninja Turtles doing around house flips and singing about.
  Or Caribbean Shippendale.
  Yes, some of it some of it is a pure delight and some of it is a dark night of the soul.
  But that's what's great.
 These are these specials are a fun grab bag as this episode been apparently.
  Ho ho ho.
 Merry Christmas.
 Happy holidays.
  And now to send off this holiday episode with a bang.
  We have come up with a segment called Holiday Overlay.
  Now what we're going to do is we're each going to choose a ride that exists at any theme park across the world.
  And much like Disney does or Universal would do, we'll put a overlay on it related to, you know, Christmas or the holiday season.
  Contemporary holiday re-theming, a la the Haunted Mansion holiday that they do with Nightmare Before Christmas or the Jungle Cruise becomes the Jingle Cruise.
  That's been a recent thing.
 I don't know if you've seen it.
  But I've seen it.
 They put like Santa hats on the hippos.
 There's not much to it.
 That's really all it is.
  They're not doing it this year.
  But they're not doing it this year.
 Right.
  But there is an example of a not successful one, one that they haven't kept up, but Small World Holiday, Haunted Mansion Holiday.
  These are some treasured parts of the holidays at Disneyland.
  At Halloween, they do Space Mountain Ghost Galaxy where they project an evil space ghost that follows you around.
  And it kind of like lightly claws at you.
 And it's scary.
 And it's not much different.
  But it's fun.
 You know, it's fun to have a little bit of a change up on the rides.
  So we're each going to take a ride and we're going to present what we think a holiday overlay for that ride would be.
  All right.
 So we're all familiar with the famous ride that is Avatar Flight of Passage.
  OK, it just opened this year.
 It is in the Avatar land, which is in Disney World.
  And it's the ride itself is like a simulator ride.
  And it's where you take part in the beautiful journey of becoming one with the mighty Akron,  aka the Banshee, which are those flying creatures in the movie Avatar.
  You don't need to tell us both of their names.
 We all know.
  I know.
 I know you guys know.
  I just want to case there's one person out there that doesn't know about flying majestically over the Moara Valley, you know,  the Hallelujah Mountains.
 Yes.
 And take your take your place along the other Navi.
  So get ready to experience Pandora in a whole new way with Avatar Flight of Passage.
  Ho ho holiday.
 So here's the thing.
 Navi Santa Claus is really sick, like very sick.
  No.
 OK.
 And he's not going to make the Christmas Forest Gift Festival, the name of which, you know,  I can't pronounce because it's in Navi, but they'll come up with a lot of apostrophes.
  Yeah, they'll come up with a better Navi name for it.
  So Navi Santa Claus has enlisted all of you to ride on the backs of the mighty Akron  and deliver gifts for all the Navi boys and girls.
  So, you know, you give like a new like a leather groin cloth for little.
  And I put these in the Navi name generator.
 What would be Michael in Navi?  Samukin would be my name.
 So like he gets that.
  Or you get like a necklace that says I see you, which is, of course, the famous line from Avatar.
  Again, I don't have to tell you guys, but we all know I see you is the is the famous thing that Navi say to each other.
  And you have to go over and you fill everyone's stockings with unobtanium.
  And, you know, and you give cheer to everyone.
  So it's basically the same ride system.
 It's just that now you're distributing presents.
  And there'll also be some virtual reality gloves where you'll be able to, you know, throw presents at different things.
  So there'll be a point system as well.
 We're adding a different whole different element to this ride.
  Who spread the most cheer, aka the Narzan, the Navi word for cheer.
  So you're taking the ride and it's basically, you know, it's not going to be that expensive.
  But now you're adding another element to it that's super fun.
  And of course, there's going to be an original song sung by Leona Lewis, who sung, of course,  the very famous I See You, the hit song from Avatar.
  Why are you even bothering to explain it?  I'm just in case there's one person out there that doesn't remember the detail from Avatar.
  I know everyone mostly does.
  It'd be like saying, you know, my heart will go on from Titanic.
  Those songs from James Cameron films are exactly equal.
  Of course, yes, they are.
 So look, she sings a song, I See You parentheses at Navi Christmas.
  And that's the ride.
 And I think it would be a big hit.
  And a Happy New Year.
  And a Happy Navi New Year.
  Oh, wow.
 So the Ho Ho Ho holiday.
 What was it?  The holiday ride of our passage?  Avatar Flight of Passage.
 I mean, we can workshop the title specifically, you know,  to get maybe something that is maybe more Navi friendly.
  But that's the working title.
 Ho Ho Holiday.
 Avatar Flight of Passage.
  That's a blast.
 And you know, they have the technology.
  They have the screen.
 It's easy to change that stuff out.
  Like Guardians of the Galaxy Mission Breakout.
  Let's get that done.
 Next holiday season, Disney World.
  Yeah, we'll inject a little holiday spirit into Pandora.
  Jason, you want to do it or I can go next?  Sure.
 Well, you know, we recorded this episode lately, so it's fresh on my mind.
  And I thought to myself, what better way to incorporate Christmas  than a ride that already involves trees to some extent.
  So Dudley Do-Rites rips off Christmas, everyone.
  OK, you Dudley has to save Christmas.
  You change the story of the ride and you want to talk about inexpensive.
  This is inexpensive.
 You just put a Christmas tree outfit over the Nell animatronics.
  You don't have to change anything.
  You put the Christmas tree outfit right over her, cut out a thing for her face.
  So it's like, oh, it's Nell, but she's also a Christmas tree somehow.
  And then you hang some balls throughout the ride.
  Maybe at some point there's a wild sound take of just Dudley going like,  Merry Christmas, everyone, and the horse neighs.
  So Snidely Whiplash is trying to kidnap a Christmas tree?  Yes, he's trying to kidnap one Christmas tree.
  And he's tying one to the train tracks, the Christmas tree to the train tracks.
  Yes, you can very easily paint him, just give him a new hat and a new mustache.
  And then he's evil old Jack Frost.
  Oh, sure.
 That's going to make the money go up a little bit.
  They will have to buy one new hat.
  Yeah, you got to buy that new hat.
  Or just paint it and paint and repaint it.
 But paint costs money too.
  Ayla, I know you're trying to be budget conscious with this ride.
  So, you know, this is just a quickie.
  You know, it's fun, fun for the folks.
  It helps distract people from the fact that Florida is starting to get colder  and they're on a water ride.
  Yeah, so Dudley do rides, rips off Christmas.
  And maybe the horse has a little Santa hat too.
  Oh, wow.
 Okay.
 Yeah, yeah.
  That sounds great.
 Why not?  I think we can make that happen very easily.
  Could you dye the water a Christmas color?  Could it be a red or green or alternatingly both?  Could you freeze the water and have the raft slide on the ice?  Ooh, that'd be fun.
  I mean, look.
  And then it'll go faster.
  These ideas change the properties of the physics of the ride.
  That's true.
  It may not be scientifically literally possible, but hey,  this is a blue sky brainstorming sesh.
  Sure.
  And anything goes.
  That's delightful.
  Mine's a little bit, I'm going to do something that's a little more of a thinker.
  It might, you know, it's not necessarily, well, you'll see.
  It's a bit of a grim situation, but it all works out in the end.
  I'm going to take a ride that has never really had any particular stakes to it or any story.
  It's just kind of a ride that puts along.
  You look at stuff passively.
  And I think it could use kind of a bigger sense of mystery or intrigue.
  I'm going to take you guys now on submarine voyage, journey to the sunken pole.
  And the story here is that it's a future in which the polar ice caps have melted.
  And the rumor is that in those events, in the events of that tragedy,  Santa's workshop and the entire North Pole compound where he works was buried and lost.
  Nobody has eyes on Santa's whereabouts or the elves or the reindeer.
  So we're going to board a submarine and we're going to submerge  and we're going to see if we can find what happens to Santa's workshop.
  And like your attraction, this one can involve James Cameron.
  He's now in the Disney family with Avatar.
  And he's big into discovering sunken remains like that of the Titanic.
  He loves submarines.
  He loves remains.
 He loves sunken remains.
  So let's give him a shot to keep talking about it.
  He'd be your narrator on this journey.
  And for a while you'd just be submerging and it would seem like,  well, maybe we're never going to figure this out.
  Maybe we're never going to get there.
  Maybe we won't have any closure on this this North Pole burial.
  But then hovering just above an iceberg, we see a little a little red and white weather vane shaped like a reindeer.
  And that's the proof.
  That's the up at the top of Santa's workshop cottage.
  So we know there's there we go.
 That's the proof.
  If we keep digging.
 So in the submarine, you blow a hole in the iceberg and you go and you keep sinking and you and you discover,  oh, my God, it is true.
 These are the remains of Santa's North Pole workshop.
  And it's you know, it's it's it's a little it's a little bit upsetting.
  You know, you you a little bit.
  You get you get a sense of the full depth of whatever occurred there when the ice caps in the avalanche, whatever it was that happened.
  You see you see errands, candy canes and Christmas scarves and sweaters drifting around through the ice flow.
  You see unworn Santa suits and belts and boots, toys that could never find a home, dollies and little horses that, you know, that will never be given to a child.
  It's very it's been now at this point, kids, the kids are upset, right?  This isn't like kids are going to be upset.
  You all are both tearing up as I as I described this ride.
  But I think it's important.
 It's it involves it sheds a light on the ravages of global warming and what is happening to our earth to know that we could we could lose something as precious as as Santa's workshop.
  And just when things seem the most grim, as we as we're arriving back at the port, the hatch opens up and a beam of sunlight comes in.
  And who should be there but a little old driver so lively and quick, you know, that he is St.
 Nick.
  You hear his ho ho ho and you discover, oh, my God, Santa made it out in time.
  He made it out before the avalanche.
  Imagine you've been in that summary, you think like things are as grim as they could ever be.
  But then you come back out and, oh, my God, he made it.
  There's Santa.
 There's Mrs.
 Claus.
  There's there's all of the elves and all of the reindeer and old Rudolph himself.
  They made it out in time and they moved Santa's workshop to the Canadian province of Nunavut.
  And so so Santa's workshop is up and running and it's green now.
  They learn their lesson.
 It is no longer coal emitting workshop.
  And and you get to celebrate with them and have a eat gingerbread cookies and share a candy cane, which is, of course, what Mrs.
 Claus makes.
  She makes the candy canes.
  If you have the lore of so it's I like this because it's a story with a lot of push and pull.
  Imagine the the terror of thinking that Santa and all his friends have died, but discovering that they that they made it out and they're stronger than ever.
  So the ride itself is just bleak.
  The ride itself, it feels like the ride portion of it just feels like it's a sloth.
  It's a it's a horrible nightmare.
 Yeah.
  And then when you get off the ride, then you're like, oh, everything's OK.
  But the ride itself is horrible.
  The ride itself, the ride itself when you're journeying through crumbling gingerbread houses.
  Right.
 And I mean, it's you can't deny it would be it would be effective.
  It would stick with you.
 It would cause a conversation on the way home.
  It would make you talk about global warming and what's happening to our planet.
  I think it'd be more more effective than the inconvenient truth films like touring a disaster site basically.
  Or going to Disney with an aging Art Carney.
  It's the North Pole is frozen over just as his icy heart has.
  And and that's sort of what's happened here.
  Look, I'm yeah, I'm not I'm not saying it's it's it's fun.
  But what do they all do? They all have to be.
 They don't.
  I mean, Lincoln, Lincoln is not fun at all.
  Great moments with Mr.
 Lincoln.
 Yeah, there's a there's a precedent for depressing stuff in the parks.
  You learn about the Civil War, you learn about a family torn apart.
  So why not see a lot of elf workstation with no one filling them?  So always that will never be given.
  While I think your idea sounds just totally miserable, I do have to appreciate the lesson it's teaching the youth of today.
  Yeah, so and and these are things, you know, Epcot Center teaches about what might be happening to our futures.
  We discussed the universe of energy and its discussion of fossil fuels.
  You know, there are issues in the park and it's time to bring them back for the holidays.
  Make people realize that if we aren't careful this Christmas, there may not be another.
  Hmm.
 That's something to think about.
 Yeah.
  So Imagineers Journey to the Sunken Pole.
  I think I think everybody's sold, right? Yep.
 We're all sold.
 Great.
  Well, have a Merry Christmas and a happy holiday, everyone.
  Thank you so much for listening.
 Make it so happy.
  Hey, look, as we reach the end of the year here, we've thank just anybody who's listening.
  Thanks so much for listening.
 I hope I hope other than this episode that you've had some fun and enjoy.
  Enjoy yourself as we've taken you on this little podcast ride.
  Thank you for all your your nice comments on Twitter.
 Thank you for your iTunes reviews.
  They warm our hearts.
 And hey, if you have any questions, we'd like to do a mailbag episode at some point.
  So email us like any questions you have about the parks or what have you.
  Give us fodder to kill time with on this podcast.
 Sure.
  Thanks, everyone, to Feral Audio.
 And hey, it's been a blast.
 We'll see you not next year.
  We'll see you after Christmas.
 We'll see you next week.
 Yeah, we'll see you.
  We're not normal thing.
 All right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You survived podcast the right banks.
