 Teral Audio  Warning!  The following podcast may contain man on horse action, high octane talk of comic strips from  the depression, and splash-tacular analysis of Islands of Adventure mainstay Dudley Do-right's  Ripsaw Falls.
  Teral Audio  Hey everybody, welcome to Podcast the Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three men  who send each other links when Disneyland introduces a new taco.
  Joining me as always Scott Gardner and Jason Sheridan.
  Hello.
  It's been a while, Brent, by the way.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We're just getting back in the swing of things.
  I've been gone for a few weeks.
  Oh, I meant since taco news.
  No new taco news.
  Oh, good point.
  Step it up, Disney.
  Yeah.
  Thanksgiving is coming.
  There will be a turkey and stuffing taco soon enough available for you to purchase.
  And we will send links to each other and excitedly talk about it.
  We are part of Teral Audio, which is home of Doughboys and other great podcasts.
  And today we're talking a pretty weird ride.
  Dudley Do-right's Ripsaw Falls, Universal Studios, Islands of Adventure.
  Ever since we.
.
.
  I was very skeptical about this.
  I was a little bit, I don't know, you know what?  I like the idea of that title sitting in the list of episodes being one of the first ones  as if that's one of the major rides we have to get to.
  You know what?  Maybe it is.
  Maybe it is.
  Major ride cannon.
  For me it is.
  I am a ride or die for Islands of Adventure.
  I fucking love it.
  Oh boy.
  Unabashedly.
  It is funny because this is like one of the.
.
.
  This is still the first 10 episodes of this podcast and this is one of the ones we've  chosen and it doesn't make any sense.
  We've done, yeah, the essentials in the beginning.
  The Spider-Man Rocks, the musical, the Ellen's Energy Adventure and.
.
.
  And then argued with Mike Mitchell a little.
  About nothing too specific.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Just general stuff.
  Like a feeling.
  We argued about feelings mostly.
  Yeah.
  Talked about your shared Ithaca experience.
  Yeah.
  There was like 20 minutes on that I think.
  I believe so.
  Yeah.
  The cafeteria at Ithaca.
  Yeah, Ithaca's weird current.
.
.
  Thrilling than any theme park.
  Well, hey, well, yeah, we're still.
.
.
  First 10, we're bringing those bangers.
  We're taking you to Deadly Do-Rites, Ripsaw Falls.
  But first.
.
.
  First.
.
.
  We're gonna be some theme park world hoppers today.
  We're gonna take you all around the theme park universe into a very, very odd place  that I just learned about that is a theme park that has not been open for even a year  at this point, I don't believe.
  A place called Motion Gate Dubai.
  And the big news out of this place pretty recently, within the last month, at least  of us recording, is that they have opened the World of the Hunger Games.
  It is the first actual Hunger Games theme park experience, and it is not coming to one  of the major US parks.
  It is straight to Dubai.
  And it's.
.
.
  Yeah, it's pretty bizarre.
  I think the major theme park property opening first in Dubai is sort of unprecedented as  far as I know.
  Yeah, Dubai.
.
.
  Dubai has had a lot of failed theme park stuff.
  I believe there is that indoor theme park that has Marvel stuff.
  A lot of stuff in Dubai is in domes because it is so hot in the desert, and you also have  to account for sand storms.
  Right, because if it was outside and you were on a roller coaster, you would just get a  mouth and eye full of sand.
  And that wouldn't be good for the guests.
  Giant clumps.
  Because in your eye, your eye literally replaced by a pocket of dust.
  And you would probably find these people dead with a belly full of sand.
  It would be a nightmare.
  You just have to account for atrocities every once in a while, as opposed to a typical US  park where a death is totally unexpected.
  At an outdoor Dubai park, it's par for the course.
  Dubai is also the insane hyper theme park of the world.
  There's just giant buildings.
  There's an indoor mountain that you can go skiing on.
  Do they have all those man-made islands where it's like islands in the shape of the states?  States or countries?  Yes, I believe that's Dubai.
  Like Elton John bought the fake Florida island or something.
  Someone bought, some very rich man bought the fake Florida island that was man-made  in Dubai.
  I don't know, maybe it's not Elton John.
  So a lot of this stuff built by at best underpaid labor, at worst slave labor from around the  world.
  That's a good point too.
  Oh God, we're never going to get to go to Dubai.
  We'll never be flown to motion gauge now.
  We've got to cut this off.
  We've got to cut the lid off of everything.
  So what is in the Hunger Gates?  It's like a roller coaster and a snack bar.
  Is that right?  We got two attractions.
  There's one that looks like sort of a generic roller coaster that could apply to anything,  but they made it slightly Hunger Games themed called the Capitol Bullet Train.
  Do you guys know Hunger Games by the way?  Cause I don't know what I'm referring to.
  A little bit.
  I've seen a couple of the movies.
  I feel like I've saw the first one and the last one.
  Was there a bullet train that went to the Capitol in one of them?  I think they take the train to the rich part of this.
  Yeah, the Capitol is like where all the rich like one percenters live.
  Elizabeth Banks' character, whoever that is.
  Elizabeth Banks, Stanley Tucci, the president is Donald Sutherland.
  Right.
  And they take this train to, so that's the ride.
  You get on the train.
  Yeah.
  I don't know if you end up in one percent world.
  I don't know if your life is improved significantly by the end of the ride.
  Probably just a roller coaster and it seems like it's outdoors.
  So watch out for sand gang.
  Oh really?  But he hadn't emotionally to buy.
  Yeah, I think so.
  It seems like I had to repart.
  And then, but the one that I could not find a ride through of it.
  I couldn't find any footage, but it seems like there's a more avatar Harry Potter S  mask motion simulator that's more specific called Pan Am aerial tour.
  Again, Pan Am, a thing I assume is from the Hunger Games franchise.
  I don't I'm not familiar with Pan Am.
  Well, Pan Am.
  We let us know what to let us know what Pan Am is.
  We're being nice and specific here.
  There there is the thing that I'm interested in is that there is a little bit of actual  content from the stars of the movie.
  No Jennifer Lawrence, but you do get intro videos from Elizabeth Banks and Stanley Tucci  as their respective characters.
  F.
E.
 Trinket and Cesar Flickerman.
  There we go.
  I think I got him right.
  He is very funny.
  He's just playing it at 11.
  Like it's it's when you let Stanley Tucci do whatever like when you just let him go.
  Like he was in Feud Betty versus Joan as Jack Warner and he's just the most scene chomping  like cigar smoking movie studio exec and he's crazy.
  It's it's pretty fun.
  I mean, it gets very dark, but it's it's fun to watch.
  I should probably see these movies if they have like big full throttle crazy performances.
  I'd probably dig them a little bit.
  You're not.
  You're OK.
  They're fine.
  I think it's mostly him.
  I think it's mostly him and the rest.
  Everyone's doing an OK job.
  I see.
  I see.
  But yeah, but you do get and you can watch these on YouTube.
  There are ads with the characters, Caesar Flickerman and Effie Trigget.
  But they do.
  They're inside Hunger Games World, but they also say we have it all at Motion Gate, Dubai,  which is very surreal.
  I guess it makes Motion Gate Dubai canon within the Hunger Games World, which is I saw some  chatter online people pointing out that it is a little odd that this movie about caste  systems and dystopias is built in a world of caste systems.
  Oh, in Dubai, where if you are a foreign worker, your employer will usually take your passport  when you start working for them.
  Yeah, it's a little strange.
  He'll probably give it back.
  Yeah.
  Everybody can organize a bust into the passport safe.
  There's options.
  Look, they'll figure it out.
  So when Scott brought this up, we were all kind of like, yeah, this is this is weird.
  This Lionsgate branded property at this random park in Dubai.
  By the way, as part of a bigger in Motion Gate Dubai, the themed lands are divided up  into it's real sloppy.
  There's like the world of the Smurfs.
  You can go to Smurfs Village and then the other ones are like Columbia Pictures land  and Lionsgate, like as if Lionsgate is like Disney, as if Lionsgate is a brand.
  Yeah, we're all super passionate about.
  Well, that brings me to my thing, because Scott brought this up.
  It was like, isn't this weird?  And I was like, it is weird.
  And I can do you one better because I had just recently learned about Lionsgate Entertainment  City.
  What is Lionsgate Entertainment City?  The world's first Lionsgate branded indoor entertainment center set to open in New York's  Times Square in 2019.
  Finally.
  We've all been waiting for something like that.
  The Lionsgate family go visit all my favorite Lionsgate characters somewhere.
  A real estate developer is like thanking whatever God they worship that someone was able to  move into the four story Toys R Us.
  That was my question.
  It's the Toys R Us.
  I think it is right.
  I don't know.
  I don't know that Toys R Us closed, which is a bummer.
  That was a cool, cool ass Toys R Us.
  If you've ever been there, it was like four stories.
  There was a big dinosaur, like a full sized dinosaur and a full.
  There's a Ferris wheel.
  There was an indoor Ferris wheel.
  There was a Ferris wheel.
  There was a whole Wonka area with like fun candy.
  But it was all the same.
  These things are starting to disappear from Times Square a little bit.
  The giant weird.
  The Virgin Megastore is long gone.
  That was another big space there.
  There's a FAO Schwartz doesn't seem to exist.
  The FAO Schwartz was taken over by the Toys R Us and then Toys R Us bought FAO Schwartz,  I believe.
  Yeah, I think the big famous FAO Schwartz was further down, like Fifth Avenue.
  I'm thinking of a different.
  You can still visit the Plaza Hotel.
  You can still visit the Plaza.
  Kevin McAllister asked directions from a lovable passerby.
  Whatever happened to that man?  I wish that was the question.
  So you may be asking yourself what attractions will be in an indoor theme park in the middle  of Times Square based on Lionsgate properties.
  And I'm reading from a crib this from a Deadline article and a variety article.
  Attractions will include a Hunger Games flying simulator attraction, which sounds pretty  close to the Dubai.
  That's the Panem Aerial Tour.
  Okay.
  Panem is also the nation in the I looked it up was the nation in the Hunger Games.
  So it's capital, the capital is the city.
  The capital city, Panem is the country.
  Sorry, sorry.
  Back.
  A divergent themed obstacle course, another dystopian teen movie.
  The John Wick Chapter 2 shooting ride where fans go head to head with a series of assailants,  a 4D film and live theater and a virtual reality entertainment center, including a nerve VR  motorcycle experience.
  What?  You all remember Nerve, right?  The Emma Roberts, Dave Franco banger about an app where I don't have any clue what you're  talking about.
  What is Nerve?  I really don't know.
  I love like knowing stupid bullshit that came out and making fun of it, but I've never heard  of Nerve.
  It's a movie that came out a year ago about like a crowdfunded like app, like a Snapchat  sort of app where you play like a crazy game and the users have to tell you what to do  and it's one crazy night, but then it starts to get dangerous.
  I'm looking this up.
  I don't have a memory of this.
  I remember the poster.
  It was backwards for some reason.
  Unless I was looking at one that was backwards.
  Okay.
  This one is not backwards.
  This one is not bad.
  I remember seeing it in a food court and I think it may have been improperly installed.
  It may have been put up backwards.
  What is Irvin?  Here, here we go.
  You have the backwards one?  Here's the backwards one.
  Whoa.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Now why is it backwards?  Is there something about the Nerve app?  I think because it's sick and twisted.
  It turns this genre upside, the evil apps come to life genre upside down.
  Yeah.
  Slash backwards.
  I do want to go back and talk about the John Wick chapter two shooting ride, which is a-  Is it called a shooting ride first of all?  It is referred to as a shooting ride.
  Cool.
  Shootings in Times Square.
  In Times Square.
  I was talking to a friend of mine from college after we released an early episode and we  mentioned Dick Tracy's Crime Stoppers where you would have shot at criminals from a car.
  Sure.
  Oh yeah.
  Never built Disneyland Disney World ride.
  Dick Tracy's Crime Stoppers.
  Yeah.
  I remember talking about like, what would that have been bulldozed for?  Probably Star Wars land.
  They probably would have been being bulldozed right now for Star Wars land.
  Might have been up in the western.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  There's no way that survives the sands of time.
  I also think they may have just shut it down after Columbine because if it had opened in  96 when it was supposed to and three, four years later Columbine happens.
  But it wasn't.
  Dick Tracy's Crime Stoppers wasn't going to take place in a high school.
  No, but you were still going to be riding around with like, you know, six shooters shooting  at people.
  I mean, I guess.
  Well, do you think it being an actual gun, like a bullet gun makes it a problem as opposed  to men in black where you're firing weird lasers at aliens?  Lasers at aliens, at like grotesque aliens.
  But a ride where you're a person shooting people is weird.
  I think it's worse.
  And I mean, John Wick gets gruesome.
  But they weren't.
  I love it.
  Like those movies are super fun.
  Well, John Wick does seem crazy because those movies are very gory.
  But like Dick Tracy, you weren't going to be shooting robots and like blood was going  to shoot out the back of their head or anything.
  You were probably going to like shoot their hat and like the hat flipped up or the boat  like the bow tie would spin.
  You would shoot the guys bow tie and it would spin like there was no way those guys were  going to be grizzly murdered.
  Now, John Wick 2.
  Yeah, that's a that's a more that's a far more realistic where you have to shoot at  virtual common where common plays a rival assassin.
  I mean, the thing of Mayor de Blasio is going to shut that thing down.
  There's going to be so much commotion.
  So there's also more because what themed entertainment center would be complete without retail and  dining establishments, including a Lionsgate Cafe?  Who cares?  A madman themed quote dining and lounge experience.
  Oh, now you've got our interest.
  Yeah, you've piqued our interest.
  That's a thing that weirdos would go to.
  Oh, yeah.
  Go dress, go do their own little dapper day at the sure at the mad.
  Although can you imagine you live in New York and like going like walking through Times  Square, you'd feel like Batman's parents going to see the I'd be so embarrassed.
  Or I'd be so mortified to be in public in like madmen clothes walking to the Madmen  Cafe.
  Well, also like to have it on the green Peter Lute, like all of these like very old establishments  that they eat at and madmen, whether it was filmed on a soundstage or not, are mostly  still there.
  Like, imagine if New York still felt like the 30s.
  Well, kind of.
  What else?  The games inspired Peters Bakery and the Capitol Confectionary.
  Oh, they have those also at Dubai.
  Dubai is I noticed Peters Bakery is like a baker in the movies.
  I think that's a good deduction from the name.
  We're Hunger Games experts along with the first ever Lionsgate Studio Store.
  Mommy, mommy, I want to go get a souvenir at the Lionsgate Studio Store.
  I want I want I want a shirt from whatever movie Marlon Wayans finagled them into producing.
  I really don't know what's a Lionsgate.
  Yeah, we'd have to look like I was just going to I was just going to make a nerve joke.
  I was going to make a joke about nerve shirts.
  Yeah, buy shirts with you know what?  What we're missing, though, here is I want to say Lionsgate is the studio behind Tyler  Perry.
  I think they put out the Tyler Perry movie.
  Right.
  So that seems like if anything in Lionsgate world, you want to go like a media walk around  to be so exciting.
  One of three or four like it takes three or four studios and production companies to put  out any movie nowadays.
  Yeah, there was one last.
  The Entertainment Center will also feature party rooms for private events and special  programming that can be customized for Lionsgate properties.
  Everyone slide in your favorite.
  So you can do so.
  They put out Power Rangers.
  They did La La Land.
  Oh, oh, boy.
  They have My Little Pony.
  They have the Expendables.
  So a live La La La La La Land live.
  Now, that's a theme park show you want to see.
  The Twilight movies.
  Huh?  I mean, you were right about the Tyler Perry connection.
  OK, the big sick.
  Hey, come on.
  The big sick first aid clinic.
  Come on.
  We got to get out of here before they bill us.
  We got to get out of this hospital.
  If they send it in the mail, maybe they'll forget about the billing.
  So this is I mean, the thing about this is it really seems like they're trying to pitch  it as like, hey, America and the world, you know, Lionsgate.
  Y'all love Lionsgate, right?  Because like when Disney when Universal opened their Florida park, like they had they had  like a decade and a half of just like giant blockbusters to pull from and movies that  felt iconic.
  E.
T.
 is a huge iconic pretty quick.
  You know, like that's a Univeral movies.
  And they also had the Hollywood Park to go like, well, this work there and we can probably  make it bigger in Florida or this didn't work.
  So we're not going to we're not going to build the Miami fight stunt show.
  And then so they had a lot of properties.
  And I think they would have they would have had the license, some of the Hitchcock stuff  for that show.
  And they had a license Ghostbusters because they didn't put that out.
  And then when Disney opened the original MGM studios, that's mostly like licensed stuff,  like the first few years Star Wars, Indiana Jones, because like Disney's movie fortunes  were not great in the 70s and 80s.
  Like a condor man.
  They couldn't build a condor man.
  Yeah.
  Black hole, black cauldron, the rescuer, like stuff that did OK.
  But it wasn't until like that, you know, the stuff that they talk about in Waking Sleeping  Beauty documentary, their big like Little Mermaid, Aladdin.
  So but like Lionsgate, I mean, I should also add when I searched like Lionsgate financials,  the first article that came up was from like the start of 2016.
  And the headline was Lionsgate shares plummet following disappointing earnings.
  Do you get to go on a ride that simulates their earnings?  Whoa.
  We've been rebranded.
  Unhappy shareholder animatronics.
  But that's that's what happens with some of these these in the Middle East and some of  these licensed parks that never got made or even in Europe and around the world.
  All this stuff that gets made in the money just isn't there.
  So it's like that Lionsgate is going all in on themed themed entertainment.
  It seems like an odd business to get into if you if your studio is not as established  as as Disney.
  And also from what I can tell about Motion Gate Dubai, I was looking at videos from this  park and like Stanley Tucci saying come to Motion Gate Dubai.
  That has like 400 views.
  None of the videos of Lionsgate World have any views.
  And I saw another video of people like they're a little video diary like our day at Motion  Gate Dubai, a park to ourselves.
  Clearly, they are documenting that nobody else is in this park.
  So it's yeah, I don't know.
  They're off to a weird start.
  It's a weird guy.
  I looked at I looked forever to find the video of that one.
  And I can't think of the name of the park in Dubai that has it as Marvel.
  It has Adventure Time for whatever reason from Cartoon Network.
  Like there's an Adventure Time ride time world you can go into.
  But it's all indoors.
  It feels like a bad Mall of America ride.
  They all feel like and like there was a boot ride at the Luxor.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Like a ride, but kind of chintzy.
  Right, right.
  But I could I was trying to find these videos forever.
  And then finally I got one and it's empty in there.
  No one's in there.
  It's depressing.
  The lights are down like there's a Marvel ride that's just they look like repurposed  carnival rides.
  And then there's one 3D movie that I don't couldn't find video of the Adventure Time  ride is like it's just cardboard things of the characters.
  And you're like, oh, they didn't spend any money like they're trying to do a Disney thing,  but they're not going to spend any money.
  And no one gives a shit.
  And being in a chintzy theme park, you really feel you feel it, especially if you've been  in a better theme park.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And the pictures I saw of Motion Gate Dubai felt very I was noticing like no trees, no  vegetation.
  They don't feel very lived in.
  It reminded me a lot of the Disney Studios Paris, which I got to go to, which we haven't  I don't think we've talked about on here, but it's like a very chintzy park that uses  the excuse of like it sounds stages to have no decoration or charm whatsoever.
  Yeah, it's weird.
  I think you have to spend money to make money at these theme parks.
  I don't think you can have these places also in like Dubai is like a playground for the  hyper hyper rich.
  Like there is there was an article a few years back written by George Saunders, MacArthur  genius George Saunders, author of the recent novel Lincoln in the Bardo and a bunch of  short story collections.
  He was paid by I think it was GQ or Esquire to go and write about Dubai, like go to Dubai  and write about it.
  And like his he went to a hotel, like not even like the fanciest hotel, like a Hilton  or something in Dubai, but like still a hyper fancy version of Hilton.
  And like his GQ corporate credit card was almost declined.
  And he's like, oh my God, I'm not going to have a place to sleep in fucking Dubai.
  He's going to end up like respected writer, George Saunders, respected writer and and  just eaten sand.
  Yeah.
  And wandered around and was just kind of like amazed and also mystified at like this place  of like the highest of high of like, well, they built an indoor mountain and these children  are seeing snow for the first time and it's manmade.
  It's like.
  Right.
  So what you're saying is if this Lionsgate Park and the Hunger Game Park is going to  work there, these rich men need to be able to hunt children for real.
  That's what has to happen.
  If these people are going to be satisfied with their experience, there's no way they're  going to go and see a screen of we're going to fly over where the battle would happen.
  No, they have to have a bow and arrow and be able to shoot children and win the Hunger  Games.
  The actual Hunger Games have to happen for this thing to be a real success.
  You can feel the cheapness of fake child blood.
  That's right.
  The 3D blood isn't going to be good.
  Yeah.
  You need to taste that child's blood on your tongue.
  And feel the sense of satisfaction.
  You get for murdering a boy.
  Have an animatronic Donald Sutherland sleepily tell you, like, good job.
  If this is Dubai, let's get Donald Sutherland and just pay him a ton of money to be there  every day.
  Like, come on, let's not fuck around here.
  It's been a good deal.
  They put me up at the Hilton.
  It's an OK hotel, close enough.
  All right.
  That's the best I could do with Donald Sutherland impression.
  I guess we can say we're cautiously optimistic about these places.
  But guys, step it up.
  And kids, volunteer as tribute.
  That said, we'd love to be at the opening of the Lionsgate Entertainment Center.
  Yeah, well, let's take a second to kiss up after we've shit all over Lionsgate.
  After we've portrayed Dubai as a barbaric state.
  We'll take a free trip, though.
  But New York, we love.
  Oh, the charm of New York.
  We love Times Square.
  We love you, Mayor de Blasio.
  We love, yeah, we love the we can't buy big sodas and.
  We love it.
  Hey, well, send us to Dubai and we'll be right back.
  Welcome back to Podcast The Ride.
  We are now going to get to the main event, the thing we're so excited to talk about.
  Here we go.
  Dudley, do writes rips off all the falls Dudley.
  You've been asking for it ever since we started the pod.
  Yep, we've gotten all the tweets and we are going to deliver opening day attraction at  Island of Adventure May 28th, 1999.
  The world was changed with Dudley do writes rips off falls came on the scene.
  Uh huh.
  So ever changed the flume experience despite being right next to another flume with the  Jurassic Park ride.
  Yeah, it's fine.
  There's a couple of flumes there, but the better flume.
  This is a flume for the whole family.
  So yeah.
  So 1999, as you said, Islands of Adventure opens.
  That's the second theme park in Universal Orlando.
  It's right.
  It was designed to have different islands with different properties and characters.
  So like you would get a Marvel land and you would get a Dr.
 Seuss land.
  And like those to me make sense.
  Well, so here's the thing.
  Yes.
  Islands of Adventure was supposed to be a very different park.
  It was supposed to be called Universal's cartoon world.
  And it was supposed to be like a joint effort with Warner Brothers so that they could have  the Looney Tunes in there and the DC Comics characters in there.
  They had Dr.
 Seuss on it sounded like from the beginning and they had the J ward.
  Right.
  So like Rock and Bowling called Dudley do write Peabody and Sherman.
  And then the Warner Brothers stuff fell apart.
  So they had to scramble to like figure out what they were going to do.
  Suddenly have some empty islands.
  Yeah.
  And so like for and so but then Jurassic Park like hit really big at the box office.
  So they're like, well, that's an island.
  You're in.
  Great.
  That's in Marvel.
  The comics, the 90s comics bubble burst.
  So like Marvel's fortunes were quickly declining.
  So they're like, with the stunt show.
  Yeah.
  Marvel is in dire straits.
  It's pre pre cinematic universe.
  Yeah.
  So they're far less valued.
  So a lot of necessity is the mother of invention.
  The Lost Continent, which I do like.
  I think it's a neat area, but it's all public domain mythology and fables and stuff that  you don't have to send bad.
  They call them Sinbad in case you don't check out episode three.
  Yeah, it's true.
  But yeah.
  And what?  And yeah.
  Poseidon is in there.
  Poseidon.
  Yeah.
  Nobody owns Poseidon.
  That was his catchphrase.
  But supposedly there is on another one of our competitors to see some past podcast.
  A competitor shot fired across the bow at a different theme park podcast.
  A guy named Phil Hedema.
  There's an episode with a guy named Phil Hedema and he was one of the people who worked on  the islands park and he seemed to imply that there's like looney tunes.
  There's a drawer somewhere with concept art for like looney tunes, e-ticket attractions  like a Bugs Bunny ride, a Duck Dodgers ride.
  Sounds great.
  Yeah.
  Phil Hedema.
  Look, we got great guests too.
  We got Mike Mitchell talking about the Ithaca Cafe.
  Get out of here, Phil Hedema.
  I also remember and I couldn't find this, but I remember another theme park podcast  where someone else who worked on it said when they were building like the Toon Lagoon, which  is where the Dudley Do-Right ride is, some days someone would just stick their head in  and they're like, we're okay to use Cathy.
  Like we're good on Beatle Bailey.
  So they would just be adding stuff in last minute.
  So if you haven't been before, you walk through the Marvel and you walk through the entrance  and you get to Toon Lagoon, which is where this Dudley Do-Right ride is, and it is covered  in pictures of comic strips.
  It's just random assortments of comic strips that were old for the time.
  In the nineties, they were already like your grandfather loved Beatle Bailey.
  Family circus, Mark Trail.
  So yeah, so I was trying to find a list of all the different properties represented in  Toon Lagoon and I could not, but what I did is I went back to pictures I took in August  when I was there.
  So did you hit them all?  So I tried to get them all just because I was, I'm so fascinated by this and how bizarre  it is even for the nineties, because the nineties was about extreme and attitude and Sonic the  Hedgehog and the Noid.
  Those were like cool characters and a lot of these characters were not cool.
  They're like families who argue over dinner.
  Yeah, like or don't or just have a nice dinner or like satire.
  That doesn't make any sense.
  Is there a Doonesbury?  I also take these same, every time I am down there, I take these same pictures.
  Sure, no, we all have these pictures.
  We all have these pictures.
  I'm not saying I'm unique to that.
  The upside down, where if you tilt, you're the person taking the photo has to tilt it  and you hold a rope that's dangling down and it makes it look like you're sideways and  Marmaduke is dragging you furiously.
  I have a couple different versions of that and different outfits.
  All ages, all times of your life.
  Happy and sad, Marmaduke was always there dragging you.
  I'm charted.
  My height is charted on that ride.
  We mark it every time I go.
  Okay, so here we go.
  So there's Heathcliff.
  Heathcliff is in a mound of garbage and he's got a fishing line and he's trying to like,  he's stealing a bone from the dog Spike.
  You remember the Heathcliff strip and Spike, all those characters.
  Sure.
  And by the way, now you've just covered the most major character in the comics portion  of Family Grants.
  Well, yeah, well, Popeye, Popeye's kind of there.
  Popeye was famous for cartoons.
  Popeye is there making comics.
  Also a very early like broadsheet comic strip before the cartoon.
  So he kind of hits a lot of, checks a lot of boxes.
  I think there's a couple arguments to be made.
  Who's the most famous of all of these weird characters?  So we could spend all day arguing if Betty Boop is more popular than Popeye, which I  might argue that she is.
  Is there?  I don't know if so, but from like merch and like saucy pajama pants.
  I think that's what she's known for.
  She's on like, you know, like, I feel like she's always weirdly, it's always something  about like, like a cherry or so.
  There's always something suggestive with Betty Boop.
  And she's like holding a big like heart shaped candy box and it says like chocolate makes  me horny.
  Yeah, they have gotten legitimately sexualizing of Betty Boop.
  Confusing, because she is clearly from the 1940s and I think from her head, clearly a  baby.
  Betty Boop is a baby and any sexualizing of her is wrong.
  Her voice is a baby's voice.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Yeah, she is.
  It's an odd.
  It's an odd thing.
  And she's lasted without having any sort of TV or movie.
  And she's always been, no matter the state of the culture, she's always been very thirsty.
  Well that's her whole thing.
  Yeah, she's a thirst trap.
  She's a walking.
  What do you mean by thirsty?  Horny.
  He's talking about her now.
  It's a young person's term for horny.
  Well you're the one of us who's single who's on the dating scene.
  I am single.
  I'm also the youngest, I believe.
  If I told my wife I was thirsty, she'd first say what and then.
  Give you a glass of lemonade.
  Once I explained it, I'd be kicked out of the apartment for two weeks.
  I have some other other properties.
  No, I mean.
  You have more.
  I got them all.
  I got them all.
  Maybe all.
  So Shoe, do you remember Shoe, the comic strip Shoe, about a bird who's an editor at a newspaper?  We got nerve.
  We got the nerve characters in their comics.
  Shoe is different from Mallard Fillmore.
  Yes.
  Another animal who works at a.
.
.
  Yeah, Mallard Fillmore is totally different than Shoe.
  What is Shoe?  Explain the characters of Shoe.
  I mean, as far as I remember, he says a good editor never sleeps.
  And I don't, that's all I remember is that neither does his steps.
  So he's just a bird who works at a newspaper.
  That's all I really remember.
  He's like a bird, George Saunders.
  Yeah, that's a good way to think of it.
  Great.
  Of course we have Kathy.
  Kathy is the ice cream window.
  Right.
  She is.
  She's.
.
.
  She has an ice cream cafe, the thing that she wants to avoid at all, because she stress  eats.
  And now there's, now she has unlimited ice cream.
  Now she's on a mountain.
  She's in a bathing suit sitting on top of a mountain of ice cream.
  She's got her legs like spread open.
  It's weird.
  It's like totally weird to have Kathy.
  Spoon like a food mad maniac.
  Poor Kathy.
  It's probably her, one of her trademark fantasies about surfing or like sitting in a giant tub  of ice cream.
  But wait, why would you, you're in a bathing suit on an ice cream mountain?  All right, we gotta keep moving.
  We will be here for hours.
  We still haven't talked about Dudley.
  Jason is upset because this is one of his fantasies to be in a giant tub of ice cream  in a bathing suit.
  I'm excited.
  I'm just kidding.
  In a one, Jason in a one piece bathing suit like Donald Duck used to wear.
  Hey, now everybody's getting thirsty.
  There's all these characters.
  I don't remember any of their names.
  There's just a redheaded woman who cries.
  Jason, do you know who this is?  I don't know who that is.
  Is she a specific character or is she just like a tribute to film noir, to noir, uh,  rec training kind of.
  Yeah.
  There, there was a lot of, uh, serialized like crime.
  There was more adventure strips back in the day.
  Serious comics like Dick Tracy, like they do not have the rights to, um, I'm skipping  over Nancy and sluggo.
  You can get a, there's a standup with Nancy and sluggo, which I love.
  Like Nancy was saving this for the end because, okay, cause we'll go, we'll go right to Nancy  and sluggo.
  Nancy there.
  There's another weird thing.
  The bathrooms, the bathrooms are themed to gasoline alley, which is a very old, old comic  strip.
  I don't know a single one of these.
  Uh, here's a, did it was gasoline alley, but like incontinent people,  I think it was people worked at a garage.
  They were mechanics.
  I believe here's sluggo Scott.
  Oh, he's the little pale guy.
  And I hate to, I'm sorry, sluggo.
  I'm sorry to insult sluggo, but he looks like a human version of curious George.
  He kind of looks like a, I've sent, I've sent a picture of sluggo to a mutual friend of  Jason and I, and they all go, oh, it's Jason.
  I walked right into that.
  I mean, so, so, but I looked up, yeah, it's sluggo's lovable.
  But here I, so I looked up sluggo's biography.
  This is a side note, but I feel like we needed to share cause when are we going to talk about  sluggo again?  Okay.
  So this is, this is the bio.
  This is what the character like his history and whatever sluggo Smith is Nancy's best  friend introduced in 1938 sluggo is Nancy's agent is a poor ragamuffin type from the wrong  side of the tracks.
  He has sometimes described as Nancy's boyfriend.
  He has portrayed as lazy and his favorite pastime seems to be napping.
  He lives at seven 20 drab street in an abandoned house he found.
  And according to a storyline in 2013 strips is taken care of by his truck driver uncles  in parentheses, less and more who discovered that he had lived in an orphanage.
  His mother died after he was born and his father died serving his country sluggo's  uncle Vince is a is shady and his rich aunt Maggie in California doesn't care about him  because he reminds her of when she was poor sluggo ran away from the orphanage and his  cousin Chauncey gave him $200 and he took the train as far as three rocks.
  So we, the most thirties specific character you could imagine.
  Also I feel like it's, it's worth mentioning.
  Like the Nancy comic strip was originally very different.
  It mostly focused on her saucy attractive aunt and then they introduced Nancy, like  her lovable funny niece and everyone's like, uh, we like Nancy more than just this, uh,  weird aunt character.
  So it's like when Fonzie kind of took over happy days, pretty much.
  And uh, except Nancy perhaps not as dynamic as Fonzie or Urkel.
  Uh, Nancy pretty dynamic.
  I mean, Nancy gets up to some real mischief.
  You're talking to Jason's girlfriend, Nancy.
  Nancy.
  Uh, I, my nap buddy, they, they, there are like, uh, nice like glossy collections of  the Nancy, like daily comic strips that Fata graphics puts out like every year.
  And they're like still pretty funny.
  Like it's hard to make humor that like holds up over decades and like the Nancy strips  are very odd, like they're very weird.
  Your love for Nancy.
  We may end up talking about Nancy and Sluggo on a different episode.
  I may be starting a Nancy podcast on Feral Audio.
  You do a build your own theme park kind of thing.
  Maybe you, you invent the entire Nancy Slug-a-verse.
  Oh yeah.
  Nancy and Sluggo try to like catch some wily junkyard dogs or whatever people did back  in the 30s.
  Get to listen to FDR's far side chats with them, experience politics as they did.
  Uh, I, I have a couple of properties.
  Yeah, go ahead.
  I mean, go for, maybe this is one of them.
  Uh, is that the, oh, is that Nemo and Slumberland?  Like Nemo and Slumberland falling out?  Yeah, that's another, that's like a weird.
  I don't know what that is.
  I've never, Little Nemo and Slumberland.
  Little Nemo was, I think the very first newspaper comic strip and, and is like historic in the  world of, uh, uh, comics in general.
  Um, and he's just falling off the roof of a building and there's a sinister moon looking  at him at Islands of Adventure.
  And it says, he's saying there's a word balloon.
  He goes, oh, I'm falling out of bed.
  And that's it.
  That's the joke.
  And then the moon, yeah, the moon is just staring at him.
  In Toon Lagoon, see all of your favorite sad little boys.
  Yeah.
  Uh, there's a Dagwood restaurant.
  Dagwood, the guy who makes real big sandwiches.
  From the strip blondie.
  That's from the strip blondie.
  Also very thirties.
  Cause that's like, you want to live vicariously, uh, through, uh, adventures and comics and  stuff.
  Imagine eating a giant sandwich with a whole fish with the head and tail sticking out of  it.
  Only few people in the thirties get to eat a giant sandwich.
  Uh, so I remember eating at that restaurant, like one of the first times my family went  to Islands of Adventure and it is still to this day, one of the worst meals I have ever  had.
  I ordered one of those giant sandwiches and like, it was bad.
  And you love theme park garbage food.
  Yeah, sure.
  So that's saying something.
  I'm not saying I don't either.
  I'm saying it really must have been bad.
  It's bad.
  Yeah.
  Deli sandwiches are not a good pick at theme parks.
  Like I would avoid, but usually I would avoid lunch, lunch meats, unless they're like slicing  it fresh.
  Like, uh, they do not slice it fresh at Dagwood's sandwich shop.
  Islands of Adventure.
  No.
  But the sandwich on the outside of the Dagwood restaurant is disgusting.
  I saw a photo of it.
  If that didn't, I don't know, if that didn't turn you off, then maybe you deserve it.
  Um, yeah, I probably did.
  Uh, you should have known what you were getting yourself into.
  There was also the Wossamatta U store.
  That is of course, Bullwinkle's alma mater.
  He went to Wossamatta U.
 Uh, that, that when it first opened, sold rock and Bullwinkle  merchandise and from my memory, very quickly morphed into an internet cafe, a popular trend  in the early 2000s, a place where people would go and pay for internet access.
  Was it like a place at Islands of Adventure where you could go check AOL or whatever?  Yeah.
  Check AOL, check your email, like that sort of thing.
  Which would have been, I think I went when I was like a pissed off teen in 2002 or something.
  I probably like, let me check my email.
  Yeah.
  My girlfriend emailed me.
  That's probably, yeah, yeah, that serves a function.
  And last time I was there, I think it sold phone cases and minions t-shirts, uh, like  most stores at Islands of Adventure.
  So they have not determined that they needed a full time Rocky and Bullwinkle specific  store.
  No.
  The only real merch or the most, most of the cartoon merch that sold there is Popeye stuff  and Betty Boop stuff in August when we were there.
  And the Popeye stuff is straight up bizarre.
  It's like Popeye breaking bad parody shirts.
  And it's like B, like BR, which is the symbol, uh, which for what?  One of the elements table spinach.
  And then it's like bros and it's just Popeye and, and it's Bluto.
  Is that Bluto is the character's name?  Yeah.
  Pete is from Disney.
  Yeah, they're very similar.
  They're grumpy sailors.
  Yes.
  Uh, yeah.
  Popeye and wimpy.
  There's always, there's price and wimpy shirts.
  Pete's hamburger window was not open when I was there at the end of Summer.
  Wimpy another character that you've been compared to many times.
  Another character I've been compared to.
  He's kind of like a grown sluggo a little bit.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, pretty much.
  Fan theory.
  Sluggo is, sluggo grew up into wimpy.
  By Pokemon rules, a sluggo evolves into a wimpy.
  And finally into a Jason.
  The other Toon Lagoon thing that place itself food is another Popeye character who I know  you have a lot of affection for.
  Um, it's, it's Popeye's father.
  Uh, poop deck Pappy.
  Yeah.
  So Popeye's father is just Pappy.
  Sure.
  Popeye's father is named poop deck Pappy in case anyone, I mean, obviously you guys all  knew that, but in case you didn't know that.
  Just catching up any weirdos who aren't up to speed.
  What you've done, Jason, I know you've done a lot of research on poop deck Pappy and I'm  not being faceted, right?  You wrote a sketch about poop deck Pappy.
  Yeah.
  Me and our past guest Marissa Strickland wrote and did a sketch once about a man whose sexual  kink was a Popeye with like, uh, uh, being Popeye specifics.
  Like he had anchor tattoos and spinach was an aphrodisiac and wanted to be called poop  deck Pappy.
  So we spent just hours reading about the Popeye mythos and it's, it's very weird.
  I'm severely disturbed by all things Popeye.
  I find it so unpleasant.
  I hate every voice.
  The live action movie is very weird.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I, I directed by Robert Altman starring, uh, Robin Williams, co-directed by cocaine.
  But an interesting Harry Nilsen score.
  An interesting Harry Nilsen.
  Yes.
  Reprised in punch, drunk love sampled and punch, drunk love.
  Um, so that w that would make you think it was a fun and worth checking out again, right?  I, but then I've tried, you put on five minutes of that thing and it's terrifying.
  I'm afraid of like see stuff to like giant octopuses and that kind of thing, uh, freak  me out.
  And, uh, it's a disturbing movie, but you know how they made people want to go and investigate  Popeye.
  You build a Rapids ride and you build a children's play area.
  The, the Popeye and Bluedo's bilge rat barges and the children's play area.
  Me ship the olive.
  Uh, and that's one of the highlights of two lagoon is you leave the, that part of the  park drenching wet.
  Like you are, you can just get soaking wet on, on all of the rides there in the Florida  heat.
  All of the, the thing about universal is they're not gentle with you in the water.
  Disney's a little more splash bound.
  You can still get pretty wet, but we went on a couple of years ago.
  Just the Popeye then onto Dudley do rights, rip soft falls.
  And we were just soaked.
  We was like, we got into a shower or we got into a tub filled with water and we got out  and like every part of you was soaked.
  It was impossible.
  Like they make you pay to get dry.
  It's this evil shit they do.
  There's these three or like $5 to get dry.
  And it's like, well, I don't want to pay.
  It's still kind of hot, but then you're walking around miserable and there's the dryers only  you're located outside those rides and it's a very cruel thing they do to you.
  Getting wet at the theme park is something I may have retired from as an adult.
  Can you imagine that?  I don't want to walk around with like a wet wallet.
  Oh, my father.
  Yeah.
  My father hates it.
  Like he's always like, we're doing that last and I'm going back to the hotel.
  Like he doesn't like, I love it.
  Cause I think I love getting wet.
  He loves wet pants at a theme park.
  I sloppy sandwich after.
  I think it's really fun.
  Like I think all this park too, with the way it was originally designed, like you would  hit to a lagoon, do all these water rides and then you would go around the bend to Jurassic  park and another water ride.
  So it's kind of smart the way they put all of that stuff next to each other and get dried  off by dueling dragons that serve the air.
  Suction serves as a natural dryer.
  And now there's a fucking air conditioned Kong Kong ride right in the middle to make  you very cold.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Die of hypothermia.
  So let's get to the, unless do you have another thing or do you want to get to the actual  ride itself?  I have a question.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  Which is, so now we've set the scene.
  We've taken you all the way through to lagoon up to our, our highlight ride, but why did  we all agree that Dudley do writes Ripsaw falls was worth an episode, but not Popeye  and Bluto's build rat barges?  Ripsaw falls to me feels like it's the better ride.
  It is the better ride.
  Yeah.
  I think it's got a more coherent story.
  I guess it is a more coherent story.
  I feel like all, I feel like they're both a little half-assed argument, well, or a story  wise, but I, although, uh, I don't know if you guys caught this, but I, I was watching  some making of videos and behind the scenes video that, that, uh, made the Popeye story  sound a lot more complicated than I knew, which is that, apparently the story is that  when you get on Popeye is going to like take you around a river, like a nice river, uh,  it's going to be very calm.
  And then Bluto steals you.
  He like makes a false turn in the queue or something to where you don't know until you're  on it that you're on Bluto's build rat barges.
  So he like obscons with you and then you're on a ride, which they failed to convey.
  Right.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  I feel like I remember one or two signs that are like normal signs.
  And then it has like a fake, like shitty paint cross out and a fake, like, you know, arrow  this way.
  That's what's happening.
  So a little trick.
  Bluto is stealing you.
  So that, now you guys have got to compete with them.
  Maybe that's my role on this podcast.
  I will argue Popeye versus Dudley Do-Right.
  But look, you got a pretty big twist in that ride is the, can the storytelling of Dudley  Do-Right top that the complexity of build rat barges?  I mean,  No, I don't know.
  I just think it's charming.
  No, I'm holding you to the wall.
  This has to be complex storytelling or I'm out.
  Well, I remember being a kid and at some point Nickelodeon and Nick at night were both showing  Rocky and Bullwinkle.
  Like they, they, they had this indication rights and they're like, we're just going  to show it on both.
  We're just going to show it on both.
  So I watched a lot of it a few summers.
  I do.
  I think probably it starts because I do have more affection for the Jay Ward stuff.
  Yeah.
  I do for Popeye.
  I enjoyed that as a kid more than I gave a shit about Popeye.
  I like the game.
  I like the old arcade game with Popeye.
  I liked going to get this.
  Yeah, that was fun.
  But that's probably the thing of Popeye.
  I like the most.
  Sure.
  And like I liked when Wimpy would do the eat a cheeseburger.
  Did you like Dudley Do-Right?  I feel like I have consumed very little Dudley Do-Right content in my life.
  I have.
  That is the thing.
  When I said Jay Ward specifically, because it wasn't like I Dudley was the one I liked  the best of all the Jay Ward verse.
  But the general veneer where it is, I think Simpson's writers will drop Rocky and Bullwinkle  especially and the Jay Ward stuff.
  Yeah, because they were like.
  It's snarky and self-aware and kind of a little more adults than other kids' cartoons.
  They were primetime and a little smarter, a little body.
  And more kind of clever and more levels than like Flintstones and Jets.
  Yeah, for sure.
  And I think they were like surface, I mean, like fine shows, but like, yeah, you'd see  like pop culture references and parodies and stuff.
  And like the kind of storytelling that knows where they know it's a story and step outside  of it and comment on it.
  And yeah, I agree.
  I like the Jay Ward stuff.
  And like what are the bad guys' names in Rocky and Bullwinkle?  Boris and Natasha.
  Like much, much better Cold War Russia jokes than the garbage Russia based humor nowadays.
  Like I don't know, it just seems more fun and more biting.
  Like when as it seems more biting to have like these stupid cartoon spies, like just  being incompetent at trying to kill a moose and a squirrel.
  Like just fucking that up every week.
  That's the problem.
  The myth of incompetent Russian spies.
  It's no longer applicable.
  That's true.
  It wouldn't make sense now.
  They wouldn't hire Boris and Natasha these days.
  I guess.
  No, they need geniuses to buy shitty Facebook ads that five people click on.
  To fish, fish, podestas and males.
  Just could have fished podesta, John podesta I think.
  So the ride takes the form of like one of these Dudley Do-Right shorts.
  Like you pretty much walk there.
  There's some, there's some moose heads.
  There's some animatronic moose heads talking to you in the queue.
  There's a big movie set.
  Catch a bear.
  A quick note about the heads.
  There's a bear and a beaver.
  Oh, excuse me.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  That's yeah.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Yeah, it's a bear and a beaver.
  So the main two characters, Dom DeLuise, Charles Nelson Riley.
  Wow.
  Awesome.
  So already a strike.
  Great.
  A good strike.
  Celebrity con, the Elizabeth Banks and Stanley Tucci of their day.
  There's a big movie screen playing the like safety video and that also kind of like sets  up the story a little and there's a lot of like theater-y.
  There's like a projector and then like a cartoonishly, a projector prop and like.
  Oh yeah, I like that.
  You're in the, you're going into a movie theater.
  Silent movie, this like, yeah, and this.
  Piany Nickelodeon feel, which is fun.
  Yeah.
  And that's the start of the ride is like the credits of like a little.
  Right.
  And if short.
  If you don't know Dudley Do-Right, like he's basically a parody of old silent movies where  there would be like old timey piano music and like, oh help, help, the woman is on the  train tracks.
  And like it's goofing on that, which, which is part of what I'm going to talk about is  just how bizarre it is to make this ride in 1999.
  It's a parody of something from the early part of the 20th century already.
  In a land that is entirely depressionary.
  But yeah, that's where the whole, that's where like, that's where it starts out this, where  they got the idea for Dudley Do-Right.
  And in general, this is, I think the odd thing to me, but especially Toon Lagoon, they've  added new things to islands of adventure, but a lot of islands of adventure has just  not changed at all since 1999 in any way.
  There's been no way to evolve or mod out things like Dudley Do-Right or Popeye.
  So it feels very, so now it's like locked in silent film era stuff via 1999 has not  changed in almost 20 years.
  And I'm wondering how much of that is money and how much of it is just like, well, people  still like it.
  It's still reviewed.
  That is true.
  You're not obliged to change up a theme park, right?  If it's, if it's working and people go on it.
  I feel like Dudley is usually pretty consistent when I go on it.
  Like I think-  Like the time.
  No, no, just in terms of experience.
  Like stuff is usually working and also like just the ride system is good.
  Like it is a fast log flow.
  Like you go pretty fast.
  Like space, a splash mountain the last few years, I, when I've written it, the logs back  up a lot and it kind of kills the energy.
  And like that doesn't happen as much on Dudley cause like the flow of the water is fast and  you go down the drop fast.
  Like, yeah, yeah.
  I think that's why I won't go on it.
  I did it once and yeah, it is a like much more, a much more intense drop because then  you get that second hill.
  Like it gets, yeah, it gets pretty fast on.
  I'm still, I'm disturbed even recalling the memory.
  Cause you're not, I don't want to out you, but you've talked about how you don't like  these rides, these dry, these drop rides.
  I don't go on, yeah, I don't do drops.
  I'm not doing Dr.
 Doom's fear fall.
  I'm not doing-  Well, I agree with you on that.
  You won't do a tower, but you'll do, I don't do a guardians.
  I don't do tower.
  If I'm enclosed on a giant drop, I'm okay with it.
  But with my legs dangling and it's outside, I don't see the point.
  You feel too naked.
  You feel too exposed.
  I feel like I'm going to slide out and it's too stressful.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  If only I could go that way.
  You've tried to open the restraints.
  I tried to open, I want to give myself to Dr.
 Doom and the kingdom of Latamaria.
  I support your mission.
  I support your mission, take my fear juice.
  Yeah, that's true though.
  I don't go on the drop rides, so that'll keep coming up in certain episodes.
  I did go on this one.
  It is fun and decor-wise, but I was terrified going up that hill.
  I'm really freaked out on drop hills.
  I feel legitimately, it's torturous memories.
  Yeah, there's a few little drops too.
  So you're going up and down a lot.
  Yeah, there's like three drops that have significance, kind of like Splash Mountain.
  This is also obviously a parody of Splash Mountain.
  There's a lot of similar, the ride setup is very similar and there's a couple different  drops before you get to the big one.
  Ooh, my voice cracking.
  But hey, so you're in a Dudley Do-Wright cartoon and you're meeting, you're seeing all your  favorite characters.
  Dudley Do-Wright, Snidely Whiplash, the mustache drooling villain.
  Nell.
  Nell, his girlfriend, or his would-be girlfriend who like kind of doesn't really like him.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, I guess not.
  That's the whole thing.
  Like she doesn't, he likes her, but she's like kind of just berates him.
  It's just pure necessity.
  She needs him around for constant saving.
  And Nell Fenwick, perhaps the least Bechtel test passing character in cinema history.
  But kind of self-referential to the fact that it's playing on the trope of the woman in  peril as well.
  Yeah.
  So maybe you could argue.
  Is, is, is, yeah.
  I wouldn't argue that by the way, but maybe you could.
  I'm not saying there's anything like particularly sexist about the character, just when you  think about it that her only function is one man wants her to be one place and another  one wants her to be another place.
  I feel like there is jokes.
  There are jokes every now and then where she's like tied to the train tracks and it's like,  oh, this again.
  Like, yeah, that must be where they're at.
  Like episode two, right?  What else?  What's another, what's a Dudley do right plot that isn't all the same.
  The one I watched one earlier today and it's just the joke is that snobbly whiplash keeps  tricking him into being tied to a different woman on the track.
  So he was like, put your finger here.
  It would make me feel bad.
  He's like, he tries to convince him that he's rehabilitated, but then he just ties a woman  in the train track and Dudley gets stuck in it and like it happens.
  He keeps happening over and over again.
  I think they say like snobbly whiplash is like his pastime tying women to the train  tracks.
  What's his profession then?  That's a good point.
  How does he make, how does he make a living?  How does he earn, how does he pay for these fancy hats and suits?  Yeah, it's the same suit and hat.
  Also why are these kind of, we're in like Canadian Mountie world and then why is there  this like fancy magician walking around?  Like he's not particularly rustic.
  I think he's like a Baron, like a robber Baron or a railroad Baron sort of like sinister  looking villain.
  Is he like a guy who would own the, the loggery and be siphoning money off of it or investing  it in shell companies?  Yeah.
  I assume he's doing like corporate plundering as well as literal plundering.
  That's probably how he's getting his like living money.
  So he's a, he's an evil, he's a city corporate influence disrupting the beauty of nature,  which is why there's a general tension with the parks community.
  Right.
  Yeah, yeah, no, yeah.
  That's, that's the backdrop at which we set.
  Right.
  And there's also a horse.
  The horse is funny.
  The horse is like, you know, I think a joke in the Dudley cartoons, the horse is usually  smarter than him.
  So socioeconomic messages and a funny horse and a funny horse.
  And now like usually sometimes swoons over the horse more.
  Yeah.
  More so than Dudley.
  The joke is that now wants to fuck the horse and not Dudley do right.
  Which is, I mean, what it is, like, they're not going to say that, but like, it's like,  she kisses the horse at the end of the ride and not Dudley.
  And like, that's a common joke.
  And if you'll allow me just to, uh, you guys keep talking.
  I'm going to see if there's any, uh, uh, rule 57.
  Oh, please.
  And you guys at home, look that up on your own.
  Cause we're not going to sully our Twitter with such X rated material.
  But if I see any, I'll describe it.
  So you ride through the ride.
  Yeah.
  The Nell gets tied to the train tracks.
  Dudley rides us off on the horse.
  There's a sauce.
  There's a sassy narrator.
  The narrator in the Dudley do right cartoons is like very appointed.
  I believe I could be that could be wrong, but the original narrator, I believe was Paul  Freese.
  I think that's right.
  The haunted mansion, a voiceover and great moments from Mr.
 Lincoln.
  Uh huh.
  Um, and also the, in the original, uh, Hans Connery, who is, I think the voice of captain  hook and a lot of early Disney things.
  They got some, some of the really good early Disney voices in this, uh, the J word company  responsible for, uh, the original design and creation of captain crunch.
  Yes.
  A lot of cereal.
  They did a lot of cereals as well.
  I don't remember the quisp mascot, but he was a weird alien.
  Maybe I think he was, I think the quisp mascot was a weird alien.
  We'll have to look that up.
  Uh, yeah.
  So they did a lot of stuff.
  What I do think is weird about is that the big ride, they didn't pick, they picked like  the mo the fifth most popular J ward property.
  Cause like a big Rocky and bowl Winkle ride would have made sense.
  Cause Rocky and bowl Winkle still was pretty well known in the nineties.
  Had a revival on VHS.
  Yes.
  I had a Rocky doll.
  Like I, I, I, one that translates the best, I think.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that was part of the, the Disney universal war there for awhile.
  Cause one of them bought the like home video rights for Rocky and bowl Winkle.
  And they were like trying to, they were like bidding over and trying to get them back.
  Cause universal had the theme park, right?  And they're like, well, we want to put out, we want to sell the f*****g videos.
  Oh really?  Yeah.
  Which once they got, when universal got those theme park rides, they ended up in the parks.
  Like that's, that's the thing I remember loving from going to universal studios in like 1992,  like really charming little Rocky bowl Winkle street shows and walk or to get your picture  with them.
  I think my dad was handed a big bomb where the fuse was, that was delightful and he made  it.
  He survived everybody.
  Death at a theme park today is a large cartoonish bomb went off an understandable mix up.
  He assumed it was a prop and he made a wrong assumption.
  Yeah.
  Hey, by the way, I am looking at a GIF of Nell getting double teamed by, indeed I am.
  I'll describe it no further, but I'll show it to us in your way.
  Oh my God.
  It's a minimal animation, not just a,  Whoa, it's moving.
  Yeah.
  It's a GIF.
  Some fun little, fun little thrush.
  Jesus Christ.
  It does appear though that the horse is wearing a cunt.
  So don't worry.
  They're playing it safe.
  Save it for you.
  Anyway, back to the ride.
  All right.
  Rocking the ride.
  And how much we loved it as kids.
  Yeah.
  Rocky Bow Winkle.
  I liked a lot.
  Peabody and Sherman, I feel like was more popular than Dudley Do-Right as well.
  Like they were very prominent on that show.
  I even think maybe Georgia the Jungle, like I knew the song better.
  Georgia the Jungle was well known.
  So it's, it is kind of odd that they picked Dudley Do-Right.
  Now I'm sure we were going to talk about this anyway.
  This is the same year, and I don't know if you have any information about this.
  This is the same year that the Dudley Do-Right movie came out in theaters.
  I bet I have a feeling that was just fortuitous timing.
  Like that was just luck.
  Yes.
  And I think that it was probably a luck because like they were not so good with the synergy.
  Like these days they're a little bit better about everybody's a bit better about having  a ride or a thing come up right when the movie starts.
  Getting that Avatar ride out 11 years before Avatar 2.
  Fair enough.
  That just proves what I just said.
  But fine.
  They were trying to coordinate.
  They were trying.
  Well because of the sequels.
  Yes, the sequels.
  Especially this part of the park.
  It seems like they were scrambling to get it done and open and to make a little, a lick  of sense.
  I actually, I learned that this ride was going to be delayed and open a year after Islands  of Adventure, but they cut budgets in order for it to be open in 1999.
  Oh, okay.
  I do think it's pretty slick.
  Like as I was thinking about it, it's like, oh, Toon Lagoon.
  And like the logo has like a lot of splashing water in it and it like, yeah, it's all water.
  So they're like, they tried to lean into the island, like the different sun.
  I feel like earlier on there was more like leaning into like the island part of Islands  of Adventure.
  Like, you know, Tokyo Disney Seaway where water is a component of a lot of the ride.
  Yeah.
  And there used to be the Skipper.
  I really liked the like junk boat, the Skipper Island tours.
  There used to be these like fake looking like junky boats that you could take from the port  of entry across to Jurassic Park.
  And that lasted, I think, barely two years, like, and it was just for cost.
  I wonder if that's just a char, that's like a charm atmosphere kind of ride and not necessary  to keep open.
  They also used to do like a big nighttime water show at Islands of Adventure.
  They used to do fireworks from there and that sort of thing.
  And that quickly got sent back over to Universal, Florida.
  This is a sidetrack actually, but I, there was a video, I've talked to Mike about this.
  I don't know if I've talked to you about it, there's an Islands of Adventure promotional  video where you meet a John Hammond, who's clearly a younger man with like dyed white  hair and beard.
  And he looks exactly like if you dyed yourself with.
  I think Mike sent me a photo of your dad.
  My father.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Apparently, if you, yeah, we think we should do a side by side here and see how accurate  this is.
  But apparently your dad looks like an off brand John Hammond.
  Yeah.
  Every time we're at a Universal park, someone makes an employee goes like, shouldn't you  be at the Jurassic Park adventure?  Like someone makes a joke.
  He's not dragged backstage and put on the clock, is he?  No.
  You're back to work, Hammond.
  It was only half kind of thought that we would end up comparing most of these characters  to you and your family.
  We're up to number seven.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, I don't know.
  Yeah.
  We haven't gotten mean with it.
  We're not like, and you look like the horse too.
  Damn it.
  Well, the horse is charming and funny.
  Yeah, you're right.
  If you're going to be anybody.
  Gets the girl.
  This is why you like Islands of Adventure so much because it seems like home.
  Oh yeah.
  Like you're looking in a mirror everywhere you go.
  I do have very pot.
  My family always had a great time.
  And I've been, I think I talked about this before.
  The fact that Islands of Adventure hasn't changed is in such stark contrast with a lot  of the theme park theme parks in the country that are change a lot more, especially the  Disney parks in Florida.
  So it is weird to think about sometimes it is trippy down there sometimes being like,  I was here when I was 13 and then 16 and then 20 and now recently 31.
  It's like it gets, it's a trippy.
  It's just odd to think of.
  Even enough all of as all of our ashes are thrown in tune lagoon.
  Oh, why?  The trippiest thing of all.
  I mean, I would.
  Every time you go down there, you go, you know what?  I've gotten older, but tune lagoon stayed the same.
  Like Matthew McConaughey and dazed and confused.
  I have to say the way the ride ends, I always kind of like the line they use at the end.
  Do you remember this?  No.
  The first narrator, the Paul Fries-esque narrator goes like, and it's something along the lines  of like, and it just goes to show you a Mountie always gets his man, but not always the girl.
  And that's when you see she's kissing the horse.
  And I'm like, oh, I'm always like, oh, that's, that's cute.
  She's kissing the horse though.
  She's giving a little kiss on the cheek.
  Yeah, no, no.
  It's not like in that picture you showed us or anything.
  Yeah, it's not for your porno.
  Same for your porno podcast.
  Well, when they need this, wouldn't in our, in our more risque future in 50 years, they're  going to need to step it up.
  They're going to have to get all these, all these characters fucking.
  Cause tune lagoon will still be standing.
  Certainly.
  50 years.
  Tune lagoon will, God willing outlive us all.
  Tune lagoon will probably outlive some of those comics.
  Like I mean, some of those comic strips do not.
  Yeah, it already has.
  They already have.
  Little Nemo is not still publishing, is it?  Every now and then there's like tribute.
  There's like tribute anthologies to it.
  Cause it's, it's very influential for a lot of comics artists.
  Have you been asked to collaborate on a little Nemo?  Yeah, but oddly enough, I slept through the conference call.
  So I should like, look, we're, we're talking so glowingly about it.
  I have some minor complaints about this ride.
  Sure.
  No, nothing's perfect.
  I know you're going to be upset.
  You're going to be upset about this.
  I'll be fine.
  I'll live.
  Like it's supposed to be a splash mountain parody, but there's no interior scenes at  all.
  It's almost all outside and the animatronics are very limited.
  It's like, there's barely any movements.
  There's some dialogue, but anytime like, like on splash mountain, you do, you do a cool  like drop and all of a sudden you're in like the dark and you're in a forest and there's  brayer bear and brayer rabbit.
  But like this, you do it on a cool drop and you're in just another piece of the barn.
  You're in a different barn with that's not decorated at all.
  Shrubs kind of.
  If I may give them too much credit, there's Jay Ward cartoons had a more limited animation  style.
  I don't think that's why.
  So I think it's works.
  I think it works for this ride.
  But there should be like a cool elaborate train tracks and the only reference we have  to train is a Mr.
 Toad parody where they say something about, Oh, watch out for the train.
  And then like that lights come at you like at the end of Mr.
 Toad or like Mr.
 Toad where  like a train is going to hit you.
  But we don't get a cool big elaborate scene like on splash mountain with smiley whiplash  and train tracks and a full size train coming at you.
  It just feels parts of this feel cheap.
  It's yeah.
  That's that boat sequence at the end of splash man is like one of the most expensive things  that ever.
  There's a big riverboat at the end of splash mountain and all these like 50 animatronics  singing and dancing and things cost money.
  But there's a little trick with the train scene in this in that like you know you think  you're going through it.
  It's pitch black and then the train light and the train sounds and then you drop.
  There is a drop in the darkness.
  There is a drop in.
  It's not that it's not fun.
  I'm just saying you have to compare this to splash mountain because it's built years after  splash mountain and it's supposed to be sort of a parody.
  But there's just it lacks the depth of fun and characters and show scenes.
  So it's like it's a little disappointing in that regard because you never get some wow  thing like you do on splash.
  Yeah I find it a little chintzy.
  I think that is a little my reservation about the ride in general.
  With splash mountain though I don't know that we would ever see a big animatronic show scene  like that again because part of that is the fact that they had a warehouse full of animatronic  animals that they could re-purpose.
  But I think we're going to see that on Star Wars land.
  They're going to build 150 robots and we're going to get to go through it every time and  it's going to be amazing.
  I hope so.
  I hope so.
  That's a mega big ticket attraction.
  This is just one of the many rides.
  Do you guys know about the I barely caught this while researching on the way here.
  Do you guys know about the big finale that was cut from this ride?  I know.
  I only barely caught it on a site called theme park university which has some great stories.
  Shout out to theme park university.
  Indeed they have not only the story but also some concept art.
  What was supposed to happen is that the entire ride was going to be two logs put next to  each other made to look like one log and then when you got up to the final hill Snyder  whiplash is going to lower his big chainsaw into the water splitting the logs in half.
  Isn't that cool?  Oh man.
  You would have split apart and gone into two slightly different flumes.
  So that was kind of the big thing.
  That would have obviously upped the production value and given you something extra fun.
  Isn't that cool?  And you can see they did drawings of how this was going to work although you still can't  really imagine how that would work exactly.
  Maybe the thing would just dip and then you'd split at the point that the chainsaw is in  the water then you split the two different ways.
  I think that idea would make it a great ride.
  I think the cutting of that makes it a good solid ride.
  And to be fair whoever the people who made the ride probably had a hundred cool ideas  that were cut.
  This is true of so many rides.
  Nobody wants rides to be truncated.
  When I'm saying the things that I don't like I'm not going after the people who made it.
  I'm going after those tight ass corporate penny pinchers.
  Yeah especially when you have to open a whole park.
  Like stuff starts to get scaled back and there's a dead there's like we got to open by this  date.
  Yeah.
  We got to make this money back.
  Disneyland itself got to evolve so slowly.
  Disneyland was probably the revolutionary at the time was probably felt very chintzy  and still until the 60s until like kind of the major rides started showing up.
  So like open a park out of the gate in the 90s that has to immediately compete with with  Disney.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That is a tall order.
  Although Islands of Adventure God knows did it way better than California Adventure which  took a very long time to for sure.
  Although I did read a funny thing and I remembered this personally.
  There was confusion the first year or so of Islands of Adventure because they had done  a marketing rebrand for the whole resort to call it universal escape.
  Oh yeah.
  And and and didn't do a clear enough job of going.
  We have a whole separate park now and two three hotels and city like everyone just thought  oh Islands of Adventure it's a new land at Universal.
  OK.
  And so then that the marketing changed to go like two parks and you know an entertainment  really threw it out.
  So also a year and a half after this park open 9 11 happened and really like Orlando  tours like no one was traveling at all like let alone to Florida.
  I mean Disney just shut down some of the hotels in Orlando for a while until like attendance  sort of went back up.
  That was a grim time in theme park world and I think you probably felt the decay in that  can you guys name offhand a lot of good attractions built from like 2002 to 2008.
  It was a pretty dry time.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  I cannot name the worst effect obviously of the Darth of great theme park rides.
  I was going to say the I'm going to praise it for one thing here.
  Wonderful.
  Yeah.
  At the end after you're done you go on this bridge and there are water cannons that if  you pay 25 cents you can spray people spray a stranger that just finished the big drop  on the ride.
  So they think oh my gosh it's done it's over and you can strategically hit a button and  hit them in the head with a burst of water.
  Now this might not this sounds cruel this might sound like it's not fun.
  My girlfriend and I this is a couple of years ago we actually didn't do that this time we  should have.
  I don't know why we didn't.
  We went over we put the quarter in and we hit it and the people reacted so like like  they freaked out so much and then started laughing.
  It was the most satisfying part of the whole ride.
  We both like squealed with the light that we had just done these to the stranger.
  I know this making sounds like we're maniacs but there is something so fun about giving  like an extra little like scare.
  Now they're getting money out of us.
  I know.
  Yeah.
  To do it but it is a really nice little fun thing at the end of the ride.
  That is that is like a universal creative has a term for something like that.
  They call it J Pops named after Jay Stein one of the former heads of Universal.
  And it's the idea is that it's a big scare.
  It's a big startling moment.
  But you because you're sharing it with people you're with or even strangers you all go.
  And then you all laugh like so it's a thing that they that is like a trope in a lot of  universal rides.
  And I do think it is part of what's fun about this part of the park is that you get it's  fun to see a stranger.
  Yeah.
  It's fun to see a stranger get all over.
  You laugh at a stranger getting a bucket of water dumped on them and then you get your  comeuppance immediately because then you get drenched on the rapids ride.
  We got Jay popped and then you all start laughing.
  Shout out to Jay Stein.
  Shout out to Jay Ward.
  So many Jays bringing you the magic over it.
  Dudley Doos rips off falls.
  2017.
  Twenty years after I away 2017.
  That was our hip hop celebration of the ride.
  All right.
  Should we wrap?  Yeah.
  Do we have anything else to add before we give it our skate?  We figure out where it lands on the scale.
  No, go for it.
  OK, so we have a scale.
  We assess the ride.
  You know, do we want to keep the right absolutely as it is?  Don't change a thing about it.
  We love it.
  Do we want to plus it up?  Do we want to add stuff to the ride to make it better?  Or do we want to burn it down for insurance purposes in a mysterious fire?  So, Jason, would you like to go first?  Sure.
  I have a guess what you're going to say.
  You know, I I I would say after learning about that original ending, I say like, yeah, keep  the spirit of it.
  But like, yeah, let's let's plus it up.
  Let's let's revamp it.
  We'll soon enough be at Islands of Adventure's 20 year anniversary.
  So I think it'd be cool if some of the stuff that's still there from the opening, they  just like they just hyper like amped them up.
  I think that would be really cool to do.
  And I mean, I thought it was when they when they redid the footage on Spider-Man, like  I thought it really like it's like, oh, this gave this ride like it practically feels like  a brand new ride.
  Like all the beats are the same, but it just looks it just looks a lot better and still  looks pretty good.
  So like, yeah, I think keep this ride pretty similar.
  But like, yes, put some put some new stuff in there, put some new animatronics or non  structural changing.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, and it still has like a double track.
  They did build it right.
  And they cut right.
  They just run two logs at a time.
  But you could very easily put in the chainsaw at the end.
  I think that would step it up to the next level would make it make it a lot more exciting  and unique.
  And the only thing is you have to commit to that.
  Like Radiator Springs Racers and California Adventure.
  Like I feel like so often I've been on it where it's like there's a point where the  cars are supposed to get to a starting line of a race and you're supposed to race.
  And so often it's just been one car or like one car goes like well before the other cars  out of the previous seat.
  Rides give up on the racing very easily.
  So yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Look, it would create some operational challenges, but sure, it'd be neat anyway.
  Yeah.
  And you know, spend some of that Harry Potter money, guys.
  Put it back into the community and into Toon Lagoon.
  Well, you know, I have my suggestion of how to plus it up.
  It's a link that I can send them from I believe the maker is Nope Porn.
  It's a jiff that lays out perfectly.
  They should do that makes it edgier.
  I'll show it to you guys again.
  You already have the animatronics.
  So just and it's very simple animation, almost the level that you guys are that the animatronics  do already.
  So let's get these characters a little more intimate.
  It makes it makes a little more more edgy for the youth of today.
  How I'll send you the link Islands of Adventure.
  How dare you?  Jason is offended.
  I'm choice.
  I guess I'm a little thirsty today.
  What can I say?  OK, so I also I'm going to say plus it up.
  I have a kind of a radical idea, though, because I think that there's there's too few robots  on the ride.
  And I think there's not look, they're not going to make this.
  They're not going to tear it down and rebuild it, because that's what I would want.
  I would want something where they totally build some cool scenes with where you're in, like,  feel like you're in the mountains of Canada and you feel like there's an actual giant  train coming at you.
  But I know that's not going to happen.
  So what can we do?  We can put more robots on the ride.
  And what robots do I want?  Not necessarily just the J ward.
  I think we should put all the comic strip robots on this ride.
  All the characters we've seen pictures on the walls.
  I want little Nemo on the ride.
  I want Dagwood and Blondie on the ride.
  I want Nancy and Sluggo waving hello.
  And then we can change this from Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls to just call it the Toon Lagoon  Ripsaw Falls.
  Like, let's keep it simple here and have a very similar narrative.
  Like you can still be sort of snidely whiplash.
  He's kidnapped.
  Maybe he kidnaps Nancy and Sluggo has to get like he's kidnapping different women, put tying  them to train tracks.
  Sluggo goes to a pawn shop and buys a gun.
  That's fine.
  I love that.
  That's a great idea too.
  I want you to pack these sides with robots of all these characters.
  Because kids are wondering why can't we ride a ride with Heathcliff on it.
  They see Heathcliff on the wall and they go where's the Heathcliff ride?  They don't know.
  I want to see him fishing for a.
.
.
  Exactly.
  Grabbing a fish bone out of the banks of the Toon Lagoon waters.
  So as you're rising up on that on the big drop, you see Heathcliff and he's fishing  and you're like there he is.
  There's Heathcliff and you're satisfied.
  Because we've teased all these characters and then you don't pay him off.
  I want Mary Worth to say a passive aggressive thing to me at the end.
  That's right.
  That's perfect.
  That's exactly.
  Now you're thinking.
  This is what I want.
  I want to pay off the fact that we see all these characters.
  Now we actually get to experience them on a ride.
  So I think that.
.
.
  I'm one of the PJ family circus PJ running around with a dotted line leaving a dotted  line trail.
  No, that's where I draw the line.
  PJ is a menace.
  Jason hates PJ.
  His arch rival.
  Grow up kid.
  Learn some respect.
  His ghost grandpa is just like they're stewing.
  Like I wish I could still give him a whipping.
  I want Jason on the ride.
  I want a robot of Jason on the ride.
  Eating a sandwich and not liking it.
  I want all of that.
  Like a statue that is a fountain where you're watching the ill effects of the sandwich flowing  through Jason.
  Yes.
  This is perfect.
  Why are there whole olives on this?  Your famous catchphrase that will ring through the new Ripsaw Falls.
  Not into them.
  Why are there olives on this?  Why are there olives on this?  Everyone's got a shirt that says why are there olives on this?  All right.
  Picture everybody.
  Everybody say why are there olives on this?  All right.
  Cool.
  We're all plus it up to varying degrees.
  We can maybe combine all three of these.
  We can add the log.
  We can add the horrible sex act.
  We can add all of my characters on it too.
  A fountain of Jason diarrheaing.
  This is a wild ride.
  I love the ride we've invented.
  These are some Ripsaw Falls that are truly rip roaring.
  And on that note, we'll be right back.
  So it's a closed podcast, the ride.
  It's kind of a sad note actually that we're going to end on because it was just announced  that Disney is building a big new hotel in Disneyland.
  But the problem is there's limited space at Disney.
  So that real estate comes at a cost.
  So there are some businesses that we're going to unfortunately have to say goodbye to.
  And we would like to do that now in the most serious way possible.
  So long, Downtown Disney AMC Theater.
  Sure, some people said, why would I waste time in a movie theater when Disneyland is  mere feet away?  But those people were haters.
  I, of course, loved you.
  I can't tell you the amount of times I've been at Disneyland riding an exciting classic  ride and thought, man, this is boring.
  I wish I was sitting in an empty movie theater right now.
  I'd stroll down to your inviting doors and catch a matinee of Vince Vaughn and Kevin  James's wonderful comedy, The Dilemma, or taken an early morning viewing of Johnny Depp's  lizard movie, Rango.
  You know, the nice thing about your theater was how much room there was.
  Never before in a movie theater could I answer the question, if I was using movie seats to  measure the length of my body, how many movie seats long would I be?  The answer might surprise you.
  Six.
  I am six movie seats long.
  So goodbye, Downtown Disney AMC Theater.
  I will truly miss you.
  Oh, and also I used to get free parking at Downtown Disney by buying a movie ticket electronically,  going inside to get my parking validated and then using the Fandango app to cancel the  ticket.
  A pretty sweet hack.
  Anyway, so long.
  By the way, lovely of you to score that with such a lush lullaby version of Every Breath  You Take.
  I believe I believe we've all prepared versions of respectful funereal songs.
  And Jason, I look forward to yours.
  Sure.
  What is there to say about the Rainforest Cafe?  You know, my family always enjoyed the Rainforest Cafe, the animatronic animals, the fun, the  fun sound effects, the super powerful air conditioner at the Orlando location.
  And most importantly, everyone could agree that it was pretty good.
  I remember ordering fun fruity drinks as a kid and fun appetizers, but I have no memory  of entrees, which is probably not a great sign of eating a restaurant that I've eaten  at that much.
  On a personal note, the Anaheim location is notable for being the first place I had a  beer with my father after I turned 21.
  It was mid-October at night and about 50 degrees and they opted to seat us on the balcony.
  I believe one of the locations was also the first place I had coconut curry, a food I'm  now very fond of.
  Is this really a eulogy or am I just naming food and beverage memories I have?  Who cares?  Anyway, I do think Rainforest Cafes are fun.
  Sadly, the Walt Disney Company is better at making hotels than the Landry Restaurant Group  is at making restaurants.
  So it's time to go.
  But if you're fond of the Rainforest Cafes, please visit any one of their 26 other worldwide  locations.
  Beautiful.
  So beautiful.
  All right.
  And from your piano, Wiz Khalifa, to my piano, Sarah McLaughlin, a great zone once said, get  in the zone at this temple of all things ESPN.
  But now this truly fine temple, the ESPN zone, is due to be de-erected, the 120 HDTVs unplugged,  including the ones in the bathroom.
  And so, ESPN zone, I reflect on my memories of you.
  Truly a zone for all seasons.
  I remember when I first stepped inside your walls, which of course are covered in creepy  bobbing athlete heads.
  It was 2002.
  I had just finished touring nearby Chapman University, where I was considering enrolling.
  My meal at you helped me decide that going to college in Anaheim would probably be very  boring.
  Thank you, zone, for shaping my academic career.
  I visited you again 15 years later, purely for parking validation reasons.
  We learned that alcohol doesn't actually count towards validation, so we had to buy one of  your desserts, an off-brand Pizookie that we deemed acceptable.
  Today I cherish these two memories that we shared, and I honor them by pouring one out.
  Specifically, your signature drink, the Espie, the world's finest beverage made of peach  schnapps and Sprite, to zone with love.
  Beautiful.
  Beautiful.
  Are you guys okay?  Are we going to be able to get it together in the episode?  Okay, I think so.
  But there's word, though, that these might be relocated.
  Yeah.
  We're just going to put shops underneath the restaurant.
  There's a chance.
  Dry your eyes.
  There might be.
  I forgot one thing.
  I also validated parking at the Rehmer's, Kev.
  A strong reason for the mall to exist.
  The hat trick of parking validation.
  None of us had anything to say about the Earl of Sandwich.
  No.
  Fuck you, Earl of Sandwich.
  Yeah, go to hell, Earl.
  Where you already are, the actual Earl of Sandwich.
  Well I hope you enjoyed us talking about one of the most popular rides ever, Dudley Do-Right  Ripsaw Falls.
  A trip to Dubai, a trip to Toon Lagoon, a trip to the 30s, and a trip to hell with Earl of  Sandwich.
  Thanks for joining us.
  Follow us on Twitter at Podcast the Ride.
  Email us at PodcastTheRide at gmail.
com.
  And if you've been enjoying the show, please rate and review on iTunes.
  That's right.
  Hey, thanks for joining us.
  You survived Podcast the Ride.
  We'll see you next time.
  Bye-bye.
  Terrell Audio