 Warning, persons who have had active diarrhea within the previous 14 days shall not be allowed  to enter this podcast.
  Featuring a trip to Texas water park Schlitterbahn with guest Kelly Hudson.
  If your bottles are clean, strap in.
  This is Podcast the Ride.
  Hey everybody, welcome to Podcast the Ride, starring the bad boys of podcasts where Walt  Disney is lovingly discussed.
  Joining me today are fellow bad boys Mike Carlson.
  Hey, stay cool.
  And Jason Sheridan.
  What's up, sleazebags?  Damn, bringing that bad boy heat.
  I've banned you immediately.
  We'll do this one, see how it goes.
  Joined by very funny, talented writer, actress, podcaster, herself, Kelly Hudson.
  I'm here.
  She sure is.
  Oh.
  Thanks for having me.
  Absolutely.
  I'm sorry it wasn't a more courteous intro.
  No, no.
  What went through my head.
  It's fine.
  I think you were just, you were in the hot seat and you were nervous.
  You didn't know what you were saying at the time.
  I'll obviously be back.
  Scott also declared like, I've got it.
  I have something.
  I'll do the intro.
  Wait, I'm sick of sitting through your guys' tame, stale, mealy mouth intros.
  Time for dynamic Scott to run the show.
  Yeah.
  You have a great voice for radio.
  I will say that.
  Oh, thanks so much.
  Well, maybe I'll get to radio one day.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Maybe someday the big leagues of radio.
  If radio still exists.
  Yeah.
  Six months.
  Yeah.
  I'll host an all Beatles show on Sirius one day.
  That's the dream.
  Hey, thanks so much for joining us.
  Thanks for having me.
  Thanks for talking theme parks with us.
  Yeah.
  So I apologize, we're going to make you sit through some late breaking theme park news.
  I'm excited to react to it in the moment.
  I don't even know.
  Mike, what's happening?  This just came.
  So what happens is I get an alert on my phone anytime there's news about Disneyland because  I've switched Twitter to certain accounts that will send you a text with the information.
  Of course.
  Of course.
  A couple of minutes ago, I got one of these and it said, coming soon to Disney's California  Adventure, the Incredicoaster.
  Okay.
  Which there's going to be a re-theme of the Paradise Pier area of California Adventure  and it's going to be called Pixar Pier.
  Okay.
  So they've released-  How will the Incredibles then?  Yes.
  Nice.
  So it's the Incredibles from the Pixar movie Incredibles.
  So what's going to happen is within six months, they're basically just going to like repaint  everything at Disney's California Adventure in this part of the park and call it Pixar  Pier.
  Interesting.
  They've released the first image from it and I will pass my computer around.
  As Mike passes a 15-inch MacBook Pro.
  It's very expensive.
  All I can really see are the words Pixar Pier and then Mickey's Big Face, of course.
  I'm not really seeing anything Pixar-y.
  That in and of itself is news.
  They're keeping Mickey's Big Face.
  That's right.
  They're keeping Mickey's Big Face.
  Yes, Mickey's Big Face.
  Even though it's Pixar Pier, which actually makes the switch more confusing to Pixar Pier.
  But what is going to happen is the Ferris wheel, each car will now have a Pixar character  on each one.
  Oh, great.
  So you could get-  Hand-painted.
  Hand-painted.
  Wait, they are building a giant modernist A-frame style house, I guess is the loading  area.
  It's just the loading area though.
  It's like the Incredibles lair or whatever.
  That sounds fun.
  I do love all the art direction of the Incredibles.
  Yeah, it's great.
  Everything looks amazing.
  Yeah.
  It is retro future.
  It looks like Palm Springs.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  It looks like a Palm Springs church.
  Yeah.
  It has been a big missing area in the theme parks that there has not been a great Incredibles  attraction.
  This isn't one still because they're just overlaying a pre-existing one.
  But yeah, that building looks nice.
  Big light up eye.
  And there's going to be a Bing Bong candy store from Inside Out.
  Remember Bing Bong?  Oh, gosh.
  God.
  He's right.
  The second you mentioned Bing Bong, my eyes well up with tears.
  Yeah, Bing Bong stuff.
  You love Bing Bong, he's going to sell you some chocolate.
  He's ready to give you some candy.
  Wait, he's back from hell to sell you chocolate?  Not hell.
  That's not hell.
  That was a forgotten memory.
  He doesn't go to hell.
  They spent a very different reading of that movie.
  Yeah.
  He lives inside nightmares now.
  Yeah, little girls have the ability to send memories to hell.
  Bing Bong's back from hell and The Incredibles coaster will have a very hard Ayn Randian  message about exceptionalism just like the movie.
  Things are getting preachy in the parks.
  Well, look at that.
  Hot off the presses, a picture.
  That's great.
  Are you, as a fan of Disneyland, are you also a fan of California Adventure?  I've never been there.
  Oh, yes.
  I've been to Disneyland.
  I spent the entire day at Disneyland.
  I was like, I don't have the energy to go over to California.
  So I'm glad I didn't buy the dual wristband or whatever.
  Which is like $60 more.
  Yeah, I don't want to do that if I'm not guaranteed.
  Here's the thing, and we've probably talked about this every single episode of this podcast,  but what we do, because we've all been there many times with each other in various incarnations,  sometimes just with Scott, sometimes just with Jason, sometimes with my parents or whatever.
  Sometimes wives and girlfriends.
  Sometimes.
  If we have to.
  If we have to.
  If we have to.
  Girls come along.
  They're usually ruin it for us.
  They slow us down.
  I'm tired.
  They have reason.
  They have unreasonable requests.
  She's going to be horrified that you said that.
  Erin has pointed out that you walk slowly at theme parks.
  I'll just throw that out on the podcast right here and now.
  She's so mad right now.
  She's finally relaxed.
  Hearing me say, hearing me call you out.
  But why not?  We're getting, does that sound familiar to you at all?  I'm not sure what she thinks you want.
  That doesn't sound familiar.
  I feel like I have a pretty decent pace in my normal walking.
  I'm sorry, I'm making her seem like a real jerk.
  I'm trying to think, maybe I'm just so calm.
  I think it's because you're relaxed.
  You're taking in the sights.
  I feel like people walk slowly in Times Square, right?  So like when I was living in New York, walking in Times Square was hell because here comes  hell again.
  You know, call back to hell.
  Sorry.
  Which, I can't tell the difference.
  Times Square and hell, what's the difference?  There is an M&M store in both.
  Yes, exactly.
  Yeah.
  People walk closely when they're like off stricken, you know what I mean?  They're just like, wow.
  Which you always are, maybe.
  At Disneyland.
  At your 400th visit to California Adventure.
  So wait, so you do like California Adventure.
  Yeah, so I was going to say, we all, what we do is since we're all men in our 30s, we  have an alcoholic beverage sometimes.
  You can get alcohol there?  And at California Adventure, that's the place to do it.
  And there's multiple places that we can go.
  My favorite being the Carthay Circle, which is an old Hollywood lounge area and also a  restaurant.
  It's a recreation of the theater where Snow White premiered in the 30s.
  Oh.
  This is cool stuff.
  I wonder how many sexual assaults took place there.
  Sorry.
  In the real one.
  In the real one, many.
  Plenty of them.
  It was before the Great Reckoning happened this month.
  Now the California Adventure one, I'm sure, was, yeah, is reasonably clean.
  Yeah, I don't think, I mean, I'm sure.
  Less blood on their hands.
  There's enough cameras around that.
  Like weirdos probably jerked off in the bathroom, but that might be the highly extent of it.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Sorry to bring that into the whole thing.
  It's the dark side of Walt Disney's Hollywood.
  Yeah.
  There's some scary stuff going on.
  We don't know whatever, but that's when celebrities' private lives were kept private.
  Yeah.
  The fact that, well, okay, just the description of the lounge and the alcohol, you've convinced  me.
  You get a nice Manhattan and it's got that circular ice.
  That's my favorite thing.
  Ooh, a big ball of ice.
  Love it.
  And it takes longer to melt because it's science.
  Yeah, very slow.
  It's legitimately great at these.
  The bars there are cool.
  They aren't even cool in some dorky way that we're applying.
  I really like the California Adventure.
  You can really feel cool there for once in my life.
  Or Trader Sam's.
  We've been to Trader Sam's before.
  That's very cool.
  That's a tiki bar over by the Disneyland Hotel.
  Gotcha.
  So these are the cool places, cool guys.
  Bad boys drink.
  Cool.
  This is where, yeah.
  It's great.
  It's a nice theme park.
  Because as we get older, we get a little more tired, but you take two hours in the middle  of the day, you have two cocktails, and you're back.
  Get yourself going.
  You're ready to party.
  Yeah.
  Go to the Pixar block party and dance along with the soldiers.
  Hey, everyone.
  It's the idiot from The Good Dinosaur.
  It's the idiot main character from The Good Dinosaur.
  I never saw The Good Dinosaur.
  Oh, it's bad.
  They should call it The Bad Dinosaur, because it is not a good movie.
  Yeah, you can watch it for free on a lot of flights.
  So that's why you know that it's not the best.
  Not a good, if it's not premium content.
  Not premium Pixar.
  Premium plan content.
  Well, what is your general theme park feeling, or Disneyland feel?  Do you enjoy them?  Do you not enjoy them?  Well, OK.
  So I have a podcast of my own called Make Me Like It.
  Should I have fun on?  I did it.
  Scott talked about the Beach Boys.
  The other topic I know about.
  This is one.
  We've done a lot of episodes that sort of delve into theme parks at some point.
  We talked about, we did a whole episode on Disneyland, which Emily Heller talked about.
  She loves it.
  OK, so in general, I like it.
  I love rides.
  I think Disneyland's a little light on rides, and that's why I've not loved it.
  I grew up in Texas where there's just like a ton of amusement parks.
  You could go up to Arlington right outside of Dallas and go to Six Flags.
  Six Flags over Texas.
  Then Astroworld is in Houston, which I went to once or twice.
  Still called Astroworld, or has it been given some other?  I mean, it's been years since I've even said those words.
  Sure, sure.
  We'll look into that.
  Or thought about it.
  And then Fiesta Texas was, of course, bought by Six Flags as well.
  So there's Six Flags, yes, Texas and San Antonio.
  Oh, which the Six Flags, the flags are a Texas thing.
  Their name is a.
  Oh, really?  Is Six Flags a Texas thing?  The Six Flags are something from maybe the.
  I think it's a national thing.
  I thought because they.
  Oh, no, it is.
  But the phrase Six Flags has some Texas history connotation.
  Do you guys know?  No, I know.
  I never knew that.
  I don't know this.
  It's something from like the fight for Texas independence or whatever the fight, whatever  war the Alamo was part of.
  Yeah, I don't know real history.
  I only know thing park history.
  Right.
  Mexican American?  Not sure.
  I don't know.
  Anyway, I got it.
  I got it.
  What do you got?  Six Flags over Texas is the slogan used to describe the six nations that have sovereignty  over some or all of the current territory of the U.
S.
 state of Texas.
  Spain, France, Mexico, Republic of Texas, the Confederate States of America.
  What?  One of the Six Flags is the Confederate flag?  Confederate States?  Yeah, that sucks.
  So I guess Six Flags originated in Arlington.
  Six Flags over Texas?  Maybe.
  I guess so.
  This phrase is everywhere now.
  It's a hotbed.
  It seems felt like a hotbed.
  So I think my early interest, though, in theme parks definitely had a lot to do with sex.
  Sure, sure.
  Why not?  Because of the-  Not us.
  We like the theming.
  Yeah, like in middle school, we would go to a theme park as like end of the year trip.
  And you've got the bus ride.
  You've got the standing in lines.
  All this shit.
  Sorry, can you curse?  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, that's one of the things that makes this theme park podcast different.
  We just did an episode of Make Me Like It about waiting in lines where our guest was  talking about how great waiting in lines, especially at theme parks is because you get  to know people and you know you're going to be there for a while.
  It was all very confusing.
  I remember how much I loved just flirting nonstop in lines.
  And then I saw the movie Fear, which there's that, of course, epic scene where Reese Witherspoon  gets fingered, can I say, on the air?  Sure.
  By Mark Wahlberg.
  I'd prefer not to believe that.
  On a roller coaster.
  And so it's a very gentle local roller coaster, though.
  And if you try it in real life, for instance, on The Rattler at Fiesta, Texas, it's a different  story.
  I'll tell you guys that right now.
  And if you're a young gal hoping to just say no to getting fingered on roller coasters.
  It's the Rattler.
  It's a stationary place.
  Yeah.
  Is that a wooden coaster?  Yes, it's like one of the largest wooden roller coasters.
  They're very rickety.
  Yeah, just awful.
  It's more of that and like it's then the like dips and curves and stuff.
  You might be fine, but like, yeah, those things do a number on you.
  They're bad on your back, let alone genitals.
  There's a strong connotation with like, yeah, some sexual tension at these places.
  But then in addition to that, there's just I got to love rides that after a while, like,  I think the first big roller coaster I went on was at Astroworld called the Viper.
  And I was so shocked, like the picture of, you know, us afterwards, of me and my brother.
  And he was like having a great time.
  And my face was that of someone that just like found out they were going to die or something.
  It was just like a total look of like illness and shock.
  Just I was like.
  That'd be me.
  I'm not a coaster person in particular.
  You're not a coaster man.
  You're more of a thrill ride fan.
  A little bit of a thrill ride fan.
  Because Disneyland does have a lot of rides, but it doesn't have like so many.
  A lot of those.
  Yeah, a lot of those.
  I love my favorite ride at Disneyland is Indiana Jones, though, I think.
  That's my favorite.
  It's scary.
  There's a couple drops.
  Yes, you get some gen.
  You get some thrills, there's enough of the physical stuff in the car and then just the  decor and everything's great.
  We did one on that.
  We had fun talking about that one.
  Wait, wait, you know, you brought up a different.
  When we were discussing topics, you brought up a coaster in New Jersey.
  Yes.
  You brought that up as a potential.
  Yeah, Kingda Ka, which I won't.
  Oh, at Great Adventure.
  Yes.
  Someone's going to come on your show and talk only about Kingda Ka.
  That's almost what I talked about.
  When Kingda Ka opened, it was a fucking debacle.
  Oh, was it because it did break down a lot or it was just like I don't remember the exact  specifics, but like the year it opened, it was only running like half the time and they  hiked it.
  Yeah.
  So much.
  Yeah.
  One of the times that I've been to Great Adventure, I think three times when I was living in New  York for eight years and the one of the times we went, it was like down for half the day  and I was on one of the first, I was on the first one that they were like, all right,  we're letting people back on.
  And so it's like, okay, wait, but yeah.
  You're the guinea pig.
  Yeah.
  Basically like you're the first one back on after it's been down.
  After whatever the problem was.
  And you know, it's just the kind of thing where if you get stuck at any point, you're  screwed.
  Do you guys know about this ride?  I saw a sign for it in Google Imaging it that said like, you might not make it up the ramp.
  This is normal.
  Yeah.
  It's 90 degrees.
  I've never seen that before.
  I don't know why you said that.
  It's one of those ones that you just take off immediately at an insane speed and then  shoot all the way up this huge loop and then down and then come around and then you're  done.
  But it's like, it is so high.
  Oh, the vertical climb.
  Oh God.
  The vertical climb is so high.
  That does not tell you how high it is.
  You really don't understand guys.
  Oh my God.
  This is me out looking at it.
  It's crazy.
  When I think about it, I'm like, God.
  And I remember that view that I had from the very top.
  I think your brain is not able to develop memories fast enough to understand what I  experienced.
  You know what I mean?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So it's a.
.
.
 Do you still do it?  Would you do it now or is that an in the past?  Oh yeah.
  I did have a moment.
.
.
 One time when I went on it, I did have a panic attack after they'd  strapped us in.
  And Dan, my husband, was sitting next to me and he was forced to endure me just like,  no, no, no.
  And then we took off and I was screaming my head off and he was just worried the whole  time.
  So he just did not enjoy himself.
  And of course we get back and I'm like, yay, that was great.
  That's a fun thing about roller coasters is that it's the only time that you might see  someone in your life have a massive catastrophic pre-cat besides if there was actual danger  occurring in your life.
  Now that's a preview of what would happen if you were in actual harm.
  Exactly.
  If someone was about to actually murder us, I would be having the same panic attack.
  It's a window into hell, what you're like on a roller coaster.
  It is crazy that this combines the launch coast, the zero to 60 kind of launch kind  of coaster that has been very popular the last 10 years, but then also this insane like  90 degrees up, 90 degrees down.
  Like, yeah, of course it's going to break down all the time.
  If it doesn't work perfectly, then you've got problems.
  There was a lot in the accidents section of that ride.
  But no one has died.
  I just looked it up.
  No one has died on Kingda Ka.
  In your research of stuff like this, you know there's like one of those like, what do you  call it?  Like a tower.
  Yeah, like a tower.
  Like a tower.
  Like a tower.
  Like a tower.
  I think the first one was one of them where you just get dropped.
  They take you to the top and they drop you.
  That's the ride.
  Like a tower.
  Tower of terrors type deal.
  I read something when I was very stoned in high school about a woman in Japan, I believe,  on a ride and her ponytail got caught on something and her entire face and scalp were ripped off.
  I think it was the.
.
.
  Is that true?  I think it's just the scalp.
  I mean the scalp is attached to the face.
  Just so you.
.
.
  Well, I mean.
.
.
  But was she able to live?  Like I just heard that and then I never stopped thinking about it and I never found out what  the real situation was.
  That may have happened a couple times on a couple different rides.
  No!  Ponytails getting caught.
  Really?  Yes.
  Do you know, do you know stories specifically?  Well, I know, I know the ponytail.
  I don't know if it's.
.
.
  I can't remember where it is.
  So I know I've heard the ponytail.
  I've heard the one where there was a giant drop and someone's feet were cut off.
  God.
  Just sliced right off.
  Yeah, there's some.
.
.
  Oh no.
  Some crazy, horrible.
.
.
  What a way for things to happen.
  You already lose limbs or.
.
.
  Last year.
  No!  You had it last year.
  Okay, well then that's a different.
.
.
  That's a new.
.
.
  That's the newer time I'm thinking of.
  Yeah, because I was 16 probably when I heard about this.
  That was like 18 years ago.
  So yours sounds grizzlier than this one probably.
  We don't need to really get into that.
  Yeah, we don't have to.
  I just want to run by.
.
.
  Snopes has multiple instances of scalps.
  Okay, scalps.
  Oh, oh.
  It's theme park scalps.
  Six Flags Great Adventure, the note said that.
.
.
  I think it was like a core question and answer.
  No one has died at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jersey since like 87.
  Someone like fell out of coaster I think in California recently at Six Flags Great America.
  No, that's in Chicago.
  But there's a Great America here too.
  Is there one in here too?  Yes, there's one here too.
  Oh, sorry.
  In Northern California.
  I saw an article last week that it's like a nine person fight broke out like in line  for something.
  You would think New Jersey would have that covered.
  Yeah, because I've been to Great Adventure in the summer and it gets hot and humid and  people start to lose it.
  Families, fist fights from parents to children break out.
  So at Great America this past weekend, a bunch of teens ran wild in the park, some of them  with tasers.
  Oh yes, I saw that.
  So like a full like Warriors kind of movie.
  I bet sex had to do with it in some way, right?  Someone was trying to impress somebody and the tasers got involved.
  It was a fight over sex that had occurred or to get sex later to be achieved.
  Yeah.
  I was 17 and at all comfortable with anything sexual at all.
  And there was a place I wanted to go and like have sex and fight.
  It would be a Six Flags theme park.
  Those are the perfect places for it.
  Of course, when I was 17, I was still years away from engaging in any sort of meaningful  sexual or any remotely close to sexual relationship.
  Or physical altercation.
  Or if it's still a fight version.
  I'm still waiting on the fight.
  Like we all are, yes.
  You can imagine that.
  It'll happen.
  It'll happen on this show between the three of us.
  One of us will secretly bring a taser one of these times.
  Hey, you know where you wouldn't want to bring a taser is to the place we're talking about  today.
  Slater, bun, bun, bun.
  You know the song.
  I have to cue up the song.
  Yeah.
  Go ahead and play it.
  It's a great day.
  It feels like an ocean spray.
  Friendly fun in the sun.
  Summer getaway.
  Grab a wave and ride.
  It's time to get excited.
  Big smiles every time.
  You just can't hide it.
  It's the hottest.
  Coolest.
  Floating on cloud nine.
  Everybody have a cool time.
  Always the hottest, coolest time.
  Always, shiva.
  Always, shiva.
  Always, shiva.
  Always, shiva.
  Always, shiva.
  Always, shiva.
  Always, shiva.
  Always, shiva.
  Always, shiva.
  Always.
  We've already violated Fair Use.
  You knew the song?  You were singing the song before we started.
  Different song.
  In the 80's or 90's whenever I last time I heard it, it was the hottest, coolest time  in Texas come play, shlitter bun, bun.
  Which sounds like the Save By The Bell theme kinda.
  A child's impression of rock music as opposed to a child's impression of reggaeton or whatever  that was trying to be.
  Yeah, I don't know what that was, but it was definitely more contemporary and definitely  they've, I don't think they mentioned Texas once, which is sad.
  No, yeah, generic.
  It's not exclusive to Texas, I read.
  Oh, they've spread them out?  There's one in Kansas City as well.
  Oh, geez.
  So, guys, Schlitterbahn has an insanely German name.
  Do you have any guesses why?  I think we, I sort of was looking at it.
  You did a little research?  Well, it's based on the town, correct?  Well, yeah, the entire, while New Braunfels is where it is and Braunfels, New Braunfels,  there's just so many, that whole area is riddled with German settlements.
  Like all of those towns are German.
  So New Braunfels is where it was.
  We would often, after going to Schlitterbahn, go to dinner at the New Braunfels smokehouse  and just eat a bunch of sausage.
  Oh, sweet.
  Oh, great.
  Sounds great.
  It was great.
  So, it's kind of, is it like old world feeling or just?  It feels a little like that.
  I'd say Fredericksburg, a town nearby, is a lot more cutesy, like Solvang.
  This is more of like small town Texas with German vibes.
  Is there an Amish population at all in Texas?  I know they're kind of spread throughout.
  Yeah, not that I know of.
  It's more Czech and German.
  There's like some Czech towns, German towns.
  Apparently San Antonio was settled by Canary Islanders, which is a Spanish island.
  I don't know.
  Specifically Canary Islanders.
  There's all kinds of weird, it's kind of a little like the West.
  There were all kinds of new settlements happening.
  Schlitterbahn translates to slippery road.
  Oh, that makes sense.
  Right?  I mean, now you could have made it up by now.
  Yeah, like Autobahn.
  Get it?  Bon.
  So for the listeners who don't know what Schlitterbahn is, let's sum it up.
  It's like an enormous water park in Texas.
  There's multiple versions of it, but they're all called Schlitterbahn, I believe.
  I've never been to any other Schlitterbahn.
  I didn't know there was another one.
  It was only the New Braunfels one.
  Was that correct?  New Braunfels.
  There was only that one until, that opened in 1979.
  I think there was another one until mid-2000s.
  They're in Corpus Christi.
  They're in South Padre, Galveston.
  Nice.
  So keeping it local for the most part.
  That's great.
  Yeah.
  So what do you want to know about Schlitterbahn?  When did it open?  Just give us years and days.
  All the stuff you can find on Wikipedia.
  Which company made the slides?  It's an interesting, well, okay.
  I will say just an interesting thing about Schlitterbahn is that I have these very old  memories of older Schlitterbahn because it got expanded and a lot of new stuff happened.
  Like wave pools and these up, up, up, what do you call them?  Like water coasters?  Yeah.
  They go uphill water coasters.
  They made the first one of those, I believe, is what we learned.
  So it's like all these things started to come later that I sort of experienced at the tail  end.
  So I haven't been there probably since I was 18.
  I think me and my cousins all went.
  But before that, it was like a lot of times as a kid and a lot of times as a teenager.
  So what was there in childhood, if not these high tech adventures?  Well, central Texas just has a lot of cold springs.
  And so parts of the park were just like spring fed.
  And right next to a river would be going by.
  I can't remember what the, it's like the Neches or something is right there.
  There's all sorts of rivers in Texas, as my father, I'm sure would be glad to tell you.
  Point out is, bring him on River Talk.
  Yeah.
  My dad's favorite, my dad sat my husband down one time and said, Dan, do you know how many  rivers Carol and I swam in this summer?  And he goes, nine.
  And then he sat back, closed his eyes and started listing them with a very thick Mexican  accent.
  Oh, he like really pronounced every colorado.
  Meches.
  Pedernales.
  Anyway, that's very, that sounds really nice on headphones.
  I hear that.
  It's very relaxing.
  Yeah.
  It's like ASMR.
  Yeah.
  We're going to get that ASMR for this episode.
  A big ASMR fan, guys.
  A list of rivers.
  So the rivers right there, so a lot of the park was spring fed, I remember.
  So there was like these big pools and like different rides that were slightly dirty,  you know, just like a little bit dirty.
  And like, but I liked it.
  Like it was natural and you'd get spit out into like a, you know, a naturally fed pool.
  Like a not controlled, like a big rocky, actually slightly dangerous.
  Kind of a nasty bottom, yeah, you'd like hit mud at the bottom.
  I think one of the rides would spill out into the lake or in the river.
  So it's more of a watering hole type.
  Yeah.
  I mean, there were definitely like rides, but it just felt like all very natural.
  Like it was built into the, like it was just naturally.
  It's a real river, right?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Something about it seemed like it was supposed to be there.
  Like chlorine might not have been involved.
  Maybe not.
  No, not for those parts.
  At least it couldn't be.
  Yeah, no.
  It's really a river.
  No.
  Yeah.
  Have you guys been to like, have you been to Austin?  There's Barton Springs is that enormous spring fed pool.
  I've not been there.
  No.
  Yeah.
  There's a lot of these big spring fed pools and it's hard to explain what they're like  because they're half natural.
  I've seen pictures of that.
  Yeah.
  They're like half natural, half manmade.
  Okay.
  What is the, how do they feel different?  What's different about being in them?  The water is freezing cold.
  Oh.
  And yeah, it's just not chlorinated.
  Okay.
  Is it sort of relaxing or feel more natural?  It's great.
  I definitely feel, I go to Barton Springs every time I'm in Austin, which is a big spring  fed pool.
  I feel very replenished.
  Sure.
  Healed with those waters.
  Are there other ones of these that aren't in Texas?  Would there be any around here?  Well, it reminds me of, in Ithaca, there's tons of waterfalls and gorges that usually  pool and then they build in like some steps and stuff and they kind of like corral people  in certain areas.
  But yeah, it is very, it's very cold and it's very refreshing.
  Delicious.
  Yeah.
  It's the same temperature all year round.
  So you can even go swimming in the winter and it would be the same temperature in there.
  Oh.
  It doesn't get any colder or hotter.
  It reminds me of what Disney wanted to do, tried to do when they built River Country  USA, but instead just created a public health crisis for 20 years.
  They used to have a water park that was fed by the lake that surrounds the magic in the  swamp.
  Oh shit.
  In Florida.
  It was not fresh like spring, it was swamp water.
  Dirty swamp water.
  Yeah, there's a problem.
  Once water starts to be stagnant, you've got major problems.
  Yeah.
  And they did.
  They did, yeah.
  It's also where that thing, Discovery Island was, which was like this little zoo island  that you took little boats to at original Disney World.
  Still open in the nineties when I went.
  Like now they've like abandoned it and people have swum on, like swum, they passed extensive  swim.
  Swum, swum.
  They swum on the island and like there's still, they didn't take all the animals out or like  there's still like baby vultures like in weird little corners of these rusted out building.
  Yeah.
  Like Discovery Island seems like a major ecological disaster.
  Yeah.
  There was a rumor briefly they were going to turn it into a Lost attraction when Lost  was at the height of its tower.
  Wow.
  I'd still go.
  Lost is still up there for us.
  Step into Lost.
  Yeah.
  And hug a smoke monster.
  Yeah.
  Eat some more.
  Yeah, if they can simulate smoke monsters.
  Oh my God.
  It's just a big puffy guy walking around.
  Yeah.
  Taking pictures.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  So it was like a more natural rustic kind of place.
  Yeah.
  And then it kind of like doubled in size at some point.
  It did.
  They started to build different areas.
  Like you could go from one, like they were called different things.
  What are they called?  Like one called Surfenberg.
  Wait, I have a list of some of them.
  You have a list of them?  Oh, good.
  It's not probably not all of them, but I have Surfenberg.
  Yeah.
  I have Blastenhof.
  Blastenhof.
  And then there's a thing, there's something called Tubenbach.
  Okay.
  I don't know Tubenbach.
  Which sounds like.
  That's probably very new.
  That is very funny.
  I know there's a restaurant at one of them called Shrimp House.
  Oh.
  HAUS.
  HAUS.
  Which I think is hysterical.
  That sounds disgusting.
  It's disgusting and very funny.
  There's nothing like, yeah, shrimp in central Texas.
  Yeah.
  I mean, it took me several hours to be there.
  Oh, that's right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Not from the Springs.
  Yeah.
  No, not that I know of.
  Could get some geckos in there.
  When it started to expand, do you remember, were you excited about it or were you kind  of like.
  I think so.
  I think I was excited and then disappointed.
  I think I just expected more of the same.
  I don't know what it is, but there's something so gentle about Schlitterbahn Central and  how dirty and lived in it was and how everything just felt old and wet.
  And the new ones were just so bright and.
  Corporate.
  Yeah, the pools have white bottoms and the water's blue and there's these plastic tubes.
  You don't get a big old rubber tube like you get.
  You get these big black rubber tubes at Schlitterbahn and then at the new parks you would get those  bright green ones.
  It just felt weird.
  And I think a lot of the rides weren't kid friendly to me at the time.
  My brother and I, it's like a very distinct memory that we still laugh about of this tiny  kid getting on one of those surf rides where you go out there on a board and you're surfing.
  Or a fake booby boarding.
  Yeah.
  Like water's coming at you really fast.
  You know what I'm talking about.
  And she got on there and immediately was surfing for two seconds and then immediately was overtaken  and just rolled.
  Just beat you.
  And her body just rolled like hundreds of times.
  Like caught in a wave.
  It was like brrrrrrrrr.
  Like it was so terrifying.
  We both were like, oh God, we're never going on that.
  Was it an injury prone place in general?  I feel like there was slipping and falling constantly for sure.
  Not the level of injury of the Six Flags Bug.
  They tried to make the cement rough, but you were still soaking wet at all times.
  Sure, sure.
  And then you're at every water park, you're like running on slippery ground.
  The possibility of knee skins.
  There's definitely drinks being spilled, vomit being spilled.
  Sure.
  Blood.
  Blood being spilled.
  Probably.
  I have not been to a water park in a long time.
  Yeah, I haven't either.
  It's a weird- Mike was this summer.
  Like two months ago.
  What did you think?  Well, it was a place called Volcano Bay, which is a new universal place.
  The highest tech water park.
  Wow.
  It's a big fake volcano in the middle.
  Computers everywhere.
  Computers constantly shorting out.
  Futuristic volcano.
  And part of it, a lot of it is great.
  And then some of it is just terrible as all water parks are.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Like the ground was hot.
  Oh wow.
  It was like running from puddle to puddle.
  Yeah, that's disgusting.
  Which seems like they should have figured that out.
  Hot puddles too.
  You get to the next puddle and it's hot.
  Dipping your own foot in one.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It was also like that's the first month of its operation, two couple months of its operation.
  So they were really, there were some poor employees that were trying to give me tacos.
  Just had no idea what was happening.
  No idea.
  Waited forever.
  Oh man.
  They didn't understand the number system that they were employing.
  They couldn't figure, like 16 would go to 20 and then I would say, well it's 17, but  they said we're on 20.
  It's not, and they would be confused.
  That's funny because that was part of the marketing for that park was like, and the  food's really good everyone.
  Uh huh.
  Well they cut the menu, the menu was very elaborate for that, this is a side note of  course.
  The menu was very elaborate.
  Like there was like 25 things you could get and then everybody came there and everybody  just wanted a chicken sandwich and a fucking hot dog.
  Yeah.
  They cut everything off the menu and now it's just tacos, hot dogs and something like, so  all the good food is gone.
  Yeah, that sucks.
  Good friends don't know.
  Nothing as good as the Shrimp House.
  Yeah.
  I haven't been to many baseball fields, but I went to the city field for the Mets a few  times and people really take advantage of the good food there.
  They have like Shake Shack, they have some like barbecue thing and I'm glad that, you  know, cause they would get rid of them otherwise.
  Sure.
  That was a big thing.
  Surprisingly, I was kind of shocked cause there's like a lot of, you know, there's a  decent barbecue in Mexican and all that stuff.
  Staples has gotten better.
  But you still do McDonald's, you know, you're just doing McDonald's.
  I did do McDonald's last time, but I also did the taqueria, forget what the, forget  it, whatever, it's good.
  I haven't been to a water park in a long time for two reasons.
  One, my wife Erin, super germaphobe and like, she kind of poisoned me against them.
  Now I only see these places through her lens.
  I feel like, yeah, if you gulp any of that water, you're dead.
  Yeah.
  Although I was looking it up and there aren't like, you cannot really find like specific  stories of I got a lot of STDs from water parks, but it still feels like-  Yeah, I don't know about STDs, but I think like Salmonella and foodborne illnesses.
  Yeah, Listeria.
  Something happened at here in California at the Six Flags Hurricane Harbor.
  Diarrhea probably number, oh, you know, oh, oh.
  Yeah.
  I was at the other water park, Blizzard Beach in Orlando.
  Mike really perked up when you're diarrhea.
  There is a sign at Blizzard Beach telling you, if you have diarrhea, do not get in the  water.
  And it says diarrhea.
  They have that at YMCA.
  They actually are like, don't get in the water if you've had diarrhea within the last 12  days.
  And I was like, at this rate, I'm never going to get to use the pool.
  Every 12 days like clockwork.
  Your poop period.
  Yes.
  Twice a month.
  That warning is also on the official universal like attraction warning signs, which I-  Just on regular rides?  Yeah, on regular rides because I was walking through the big, through Harry Potter and  the Forbidden Journey once and I noticed it and wrote a sketch where it's like an old  British character actor having to record the like, please do not ride if you've had diarrhea  in the last 14 days.
  Is your British character actor Don Pardo?  Yeah, diarrhea.
  I'm a ghost in hell with bing bong.
  We're back.
  Oh, diarrhea.
  Oh man.
  From diarrhea and Don Pardo.
  Yeah, that's like legalese that's starting to get put a lot of places.
  Hotel pools, I've noticed it.
  It's amazing to see diarrhea written just out in the open.
  It's so silly.
  Yeah, it's like cooties or something.
  They don't even try to sugarcoat it because people won't-  Because you can't.
  People would be like, well, we didn't see diarrhea because they might be like, well,  if you're having a little tiny problem down there, wink.
  Right, or loose bowels, wink, wink.
  It's like, no, we got to be specific.
  We have to draw a picture of it.
  It's diarrhea.
  It's diarrhea.
  Welcome to this four star hotel.
  Do you all have diarrhea?  Any of you fuckers have diarrhea?  You can't go in our bath tubs.
  Don't go in our fucking pool.
  Do not bathe yourself.
  Yeah.
  You're on the right.
  Okay, so germs are the number one scaring-  Oh, wait, you're right.
  I was saying-  Reasons you haven't been.
  Yeah, the other one is I was very scarred when I was 14 where I went to a water park  in Georgia, like somewhere outside of Savannah, Georgia, I think, on a family trip.
  And I was mistaken for a girl with my shirt off.
  And I was so mad.
  Did someone tell you to put a shirt on?  No, it wasn't that.
  Because if you're a topless- Oh, did they think you were a girl child?  Yeah, yeah.
  You hadn't developed yet?  Some snotty kid was like, are you a boy or a girl?  Oh, fuck you.
  And I don't think I answered.
  You're gonna get those assholes everywhere.
  I just said, shut up, and ran away, which proved nothing, probably.
  But I had no shirt.
  I was in swim trunks.
  Shouldn't that prove it?  Still upset, but I think I miss giant swaths of that.
  I don't know what else happened when I was 14, but I remember that.
  Yeah, you blacked out for me being insulted.
  To be fair, the Coppertone girl only had trunks on as well.
  So yeah.
  She did not.
  It was a tiny little pink thing.
  Didn't she have trunks?  Am I misremembering?  No, they're little panties.
  Yeah, she had little panties.
  She had little pink panties.
  When are they gonna take that dog down?  When are they going to put some trunks on that little girl?  Shocking in the wake of Tobac and Weinstein.
  Yeah.
  The Coppertone dog continues to-  Continues to yank undies off.
  Seven little girls.
  The list is growing.
  Yeah.
  Poor little white boy.
  I auditioned to be the new Coppertone girl.
  I auditioned to be the new man harassed by dog.
  I forgot that part of the story.
  Then that boy pulled my pants down and bit my butt.
  Now I understand why you won't go back.
  I didn't say the whole story.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  From that.
  Yeah, I think it's uncomfortable.
  Along with the whole loving going to theme parks because of sexual tension.
  I definitely, you're in a bikini.
  You want to be seen.
  You're looking at dudes' bodies.
  This was when I was in the peak of horniness.
  It was new to you.
  What do you call it?  Puberty.
  Puberty was running rampant.
  I was so stoked about dudes with Lebray piercings and bleached tips.
  Oh yeah, Sugar Ray guys.
  I got some phone numbers at water parks at Slitterbond specifically.
  I think I am jealous.
  Yeah.
  Oh damn.
  Just being a married adult.
  So yeah, I think now the appeal before would have been like, I get to show myself off.
  Now it's like, I don't want anyone to see what's happening.
  I'm not only self-conscious, but also just I don't care about that stuff anymore.
  You're not on the market.
  Not 14 anymore.
  Were you guys stressed out about, did you try to tan or get a buffer if you were going  to a-  I'll field this one.
  Let's hear it.
  Well, I was a chubby little guy, but I made a vow to myself very early on.
  I don't think I ever vocalized this, but it's like, I'm taking my fucking shirt off when  I'm going to the pool.
  I'm not going to be one of those guys in the pool with his shirt on unless I fucked up  the sun tan lotion and I'm beet red on my back and it's more of a safety thing.
  I definitely fucked up some sun, just forgot large portions.
  But you proudly took that fucking shirt off.
  But I was like, yeah, I'm not, this is-  You're not going to pretend.
  Yeah, I'm just going to.
  And I went to the beach a lot.
  I went to the beach and pool a lot.
  That's great.
  I'm glad that you did that.
  I'm glad that you had the courage because the t-shirt is confusing.
  It just clings in the worst way.
  And if you have big wide nipples and those are sticking to your wet shirt, that is much  worse than if you just had the shirt.
  Than if they're just out in the open.
  Yeah, these odds sort of seem to-  Right.
  I think if I've had, like in a sketch or whatever, if you wear, I've had to do things where you're  in a unitard.
  And that stuff, that looks worse than if I was just totally shirtless or naked.
  The way fabric clings to your body, I think is far more embarrassing than just the body.
  Right, yeah, that's true.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Keep me out of those body scams.
  Good to know.
  I wonder if whoever came up with the idea of water parks, like Mr.
 Schlitterbond, for  instance, I wonder if he, why did he do that?  Was he like, this is fun for kids?  Or was he like, this is a way for adults to commune with nature?  Or was he like, this is a great place for horny teens?  I don't know.
  I think that element-  I don't know.
  It seems like that might be the focus.
  I feel like most, I wonder if we could get some stats to see how many teens, what's the  ratio of teens-  How many pregnancies occurred at water parks?  Yeah, it seems like a teen activity.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And also mission statements from existing water parks.
  Why'd you do it?  Why'd you do it?  Just wanted to know why did you do it?  There's just one thing I need to know.
  Write out your confession.
  Oh, the food was really good at Schlitterbond too.
  Is it German?  Is it German-inspired?  Well, it's basically the same food you get at any place.
  Yeah, of course.
  There was funnel cakes, which I'm sure had some German spin to it.
  Funnel cakes.
  Funnel, yes, with two little dots over it.
  Umlaut.
  But there was a smoked turkey leg that I was obsessed with that I thought you could only  get at Schlitterbond, but I think you can get at any theme park in the country.
  But only there can you do it in wet clothes.
  Yes, yeah.
  You can hold it with a wet hand and then just rinse your hand off in the water afterwards.
  You have a bunch of smoked turkey leg on your hand.
  Just wipe off this turkey char.
  I got turkey char in my eyes.
  There's a swim up bar you can get the turkey leg at.
  Is there a swim up bar?  You can drink alcohol there, right?  I think so.
  At the actual park.
  I was too young to acknowledge that, but I believe, I remember the world's biggest hot  tub, which was the most disgusting thing ever.
  There was definitely a lot of people just chilled out parks at that bar.
  I saw that on the website.
  It only holds 20 to 25 people.
  It's not that big.
  It's not that big.
  Yeah, no.
  But they kind of can't be for pure temperature and probably shouldn't be.
  I don't like it.
  It's still at a hotel or whatever.
  I don't like a giant hot tub.
  Why do you need a big hot tub?  It's okay to have several smaller ones.
  I'm remembering the fact about my life that I nearby, New Braunville is pretty close to  San Antonio, right?  Yes.
  It's halfway between Austin and San Antonio.
  Oh, gotcha.
  At a hotel pool in San Antonio, like a Hilton with a bunch of slides and lazy rivers and  stuff, a hot tub at this San Antonio resort is the first place that I told a girl I loved  her.
  Oh my God.
  Wow.
  In a hot tub with other kids as close as you guys?  Oh my God.
  Oh really?  Yeah.
  I just remembered that I lost my virginity in a hot tub.
  Isn't that crazy?  In a hot tub?  Yes.
  Really?  It was actually-  With 25 of your closest friends?  Exactly.
  Exactly.
  It was the world's largest hot tub.
  Yeah.
  Memories were made.
  You told a girl you loved her.
  Yeah, in a Jacuzzi.
  What a place to do it, sure to be an accurate statement.
  Remember, folks, you can't get pregnant in a hot tub.
  That's scientific fact from your friends at Podcast the Rock.
  I'm living proof.
  And you can't misrepresent your own feelings, your own feelings of love in a hot tub either.
  That's true.
  If you say I love you, you have to mean it.
  Yeah.
  Oh my God, it's so funny to imagine.
  It's a steamy setting.
  It puts the oxygen in your brain and makes you go for it.
  Yeah, I guess so.
  You feel less inhibited.
  That's why swingers use them.
  We all went for it.
  Was it something you had planned to say?  No.
  You know what?  It came out of me during the kiss.
  I was like, you know what?  I'm saying it.
  You were feeling it.
  I'm really feeling it.
  But maybe really, I just loved the hot tub.
  Oh, you were saying it to the hot tub.
  Yeah, she misunderstood.
  I love you hot tub for these feelings.
  Oh, yes, you.
  I love you.
  That's what I.
.
.
  Okay, okay, great.
  No, I wasn't saying it to an amygdala.
  Hey, so head to these places and make your feelings known.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  When you said, because obviously everyone was horny at these places.
  Was it actually, was it just boiling under the surface or was it actually was stuff going  on that you would see?  Was it actually seedy or was it just sort of that was in the air?  I think I remember, I don't feel any seedy or uncomfortable crap going down, but there  were definitely like, a dude would call out to me from across the pool, I love you or  something like that.
  That was Scott.
  That was Scott.
  Now you know my tricks.
  Yeah, you'd see a guy in line that you would keep seeing or.
.
.
  Of course I was in love with any lifeguard for some reason, male or female, and they'd  have to handle you and you're like.
.
.
  Oh, like set you in your tube?  Oh, whatever.
  You would be going down this huge thing and you'd come up and they'd get the tube and  shove it away down to where it was supposed to go.
  You never did a fake CPR, did you?  No, I did not fake out anyone.
  No.
  It was a great plan.
  I was doing a thing for visually, when we were on a podcast, we'd pretend like, oh,  I need a mouth to mouth.
  I see.
  I think I saw Sandlot and saw how fake and fucked up that was.
  Yeah, don't do that.
  I was like, no, I don't want to do that to some poor woman or man.
  And of course it would be, it wouldn't be the one that you wanted, it'd be some tub of  lard that came over.
  No, not you.
  Where did that tub of lard come from?  Yeah, no, I think it was definitely obviously people were flirting nonstop.
  It wasn't a horrible den of evil, like a Six Flags.
  No, I didn't.
  Yeah, not that well.
  Yeah, there is no, the official, the souvenir shop at Schlitterbond does not sell shirts  with Tweety Bird that say Blue Lives Matter on it.
  Oh my God.
  Is that real?  Yeah, I feel like I've seen some weird Tweety Bird shirts.
  I don't know if they sell that at Six Flags.
  Probably not official.
  That could be an unlicensed Tweety Bird shirt that you saw.
  Yeah, probably.
  What a nightmare.
  Tweety Bird says talk shit, get hit.
  Oh my God.
  I'm vaguely remembering, I have vague memories of the Schlitterbond gift shop and I can't  remember for the life of me what was in there.
  I think of course there was like, you know, you could buy some poncho or, you know, just  stuff you would need there.
  Oh sure.
  I can't remember what they would sell.
  Maybe like a, you know, like floaty tubes or rubber duckies or something.
  Something I haven't mentioned that is notable is that I've dreamt about Schlitterbond several  times.
  Oh boy.
  Throughout my life.
  What happened?  About old school Schlitterbond and like a more natural version of it.
  Like a jungle-y, overgrown, like yeah.
  Like a return to form for Schlitterbond.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Which that's, I can see what you, like it'd be very exciting to like be in a more controlled,  like actual rapids seem crazy and scary, but like the mid point of a controlled but exciting  jungle adventure.
  Right, yeah.
  I think I'm making this place sound more paradise-like than it was.
  Like I think it's legitimately disgusting.
  Sure.
  Like the old part.
  Probably.
  I don't even know if the old part exists anymore.
  Can I ask, just because it's very big in their marketing, what's the lazy river, a big.
.
.
  Draw? .
.
.
thing when you were there?  Was that a big draw?  Yeah, yeah.
  I think it was pretty cool to like spend half the day there.
  I think, yeah, as I got older, that was definitely a huge draw.
  It was fun, yeah.
  And like, you know, when you have a littler body getting pulled along in a lazy river,  it was exciting.
  I know all about that.
  I'm a very small man.
  Having a tiny body.
  Having a tiny body.
  On their website, they brag, featuring the transportainment river system.
  Okay.
  Wow.
  The four-hour water park are almost all connected by a single river.
  You can enter from one of several beaches within the park and then choose your water  adventure from there.
  Wow.
  With the help of the aqua-vayor, you do not have to leave your tube to float the day away,  etched in your body.
  Wow.
  They really want to appeal to, yeah, people that just can, cannot or will not get up.
  No.
  You've been floating for seven hours.
  Yeah.
  I will float my day away.
  Yeah.
  No, I mean, I don't remember that part.
  That might be a newer thing, but there was definitely a lazy river that was the first  lazy river and the most powerful lazy river I've ever been to.
  Did you get a lot of natural flow?  Yeah, I feel like more.
.
.
  It was in the newer part, of course, this one, but it was like, yeah, I feel like it  was like, you know, you'd get like this huge.
.
.
  Everyone would stand next to the wall where the wave would come out of and just get plowed  and it was really exciting.
  Oh, like it came from a central source and then you'd wait to get a gust.
  Yeah, there was like a wall.
  Yeah, it was probably very unsafe, but at that point I had no clue that I would die  someday or could die.
  I think that it's the first place with one of those surf, like a wave machine.
  Yeah, the surfin' bird machine.
  Or wait, it says the first, where's the first inland surfing ride?  Oh, how does that mean?  I was not allowed.
.
.
  The boogie bond.
  I was not allowed in a wave pool like that as a kid.
  Oh.
  My mom was.
.
.
  You might get sucked up?  Yeah, I mean, I wasn't allowed on a lot of stuff.
  My mom, especially with water parks, was.
.
.
  Terrified.
  I couldn't go alone.
  I couldn't go with friends even, especially if you thought the mom was reckless.
  And I mean, to be fair.
.
.
  The mom was reckless?  Well, to be fair.
.
.
  There were a lot of reckless moms.
  Wow.
  To be fair, this mom called us in third grade and was like, I just want to let you know we  have a gun in the house and the boys know where it is.
  Thank you for letting me know.
  My son will never come over.
  That is what happened.
  I was not allowed it for years and years.
  Then I think my mom forgot about the loaded gun and then I went back over there in junior  high.
  And did you get to touch the loaded gun?  No.
  Where was this from?  Where did you grow up?  Schaumburg, Illinois.
  Okay.
  But I wish it was like, you can't go in the wave pool.
  I don't want you going on those water slides.
  And then I think we were allowed to go to river country and that was it because it was  very tame.
  Wholesome.
  Were you a strong swimmer or no?  I was.
.
.
  Not bad.
  Did you swim competitively at all?  No, not competitively.
  Is anyone here a strong swimmer?  Me and my brothers were strong swimmers.
  We all swam competitively.
  Competitively.
  Yeah.
  So I think my parents were really loose about water parks because they knew that we would  not drown.
  Well, my mom had no faith in my ability to stay alive.
  Yeah.
  She really just.
.
.
  Anywhere.
  My swimming style is staying alive.
  Yeah.
  Although I was in the Boy Scouts and I do know how to.
.
.
  If I were to fall into water with clothes on, like say off a ship, I can rig them into  temporary flotation devices in the water.
  Wow.
  I had to do that too.
  That's incredible.
  That was part of passing the.
.
.
  See, I can't do that.
  The local swim program.
  I really can't do that.
  Ideally, you're wearing light wool slacks and a button-up shirt, which we had to bring  to summer camp.
  And it's like, when would I wear these clothes?  Yeah.
  I'd be on a ship.
  Yeah.
  I wore old clothes and it feels like you'd almost have to do a magic trick in the water  because you'd have to take your pants off, but you had your suit underneath and then  you would fashion some.
.
.
  You're shoveling water into the shirt so it kind of inflates while you get the pants tied  around your neck.
  Oh man.
  This is great.
  When in reality is this happening?  This is great.
  If you fall into the Titanic, that's one.
.
.
  You're just suckering Jason and I's parents into paying money to pretend that this is  going to be a useful skill.
  Wow.
  Maybe someday though, if things get a little more apocalyptic, which seems more and more  possible.
  We'll have to take our pants off in the water to stay afloat.
  Yeah.
  There's a scene in that movie Mermaids where Christina Ricci almost drowns from her clothes  are too heavy and they're dragging her down.
  Oh God.
  Yeah.
  I'm glad I didn't see that as a kid because drowning scenes freaked me out for sure.
  Yeah.
  Well, it was weird.
  Because that character, the little girl Christina Ricci plays, was constantly in the bathtub  trying to outdo her time for holding her breath.
  So she was obsessed with holding her breath long and then she almost drowned.
  Oh wow.
  Yeah.
  It was kind of a reminder that she's a baby.
  She's a little kid.
  I guess.
  I don't know what.
.
.
  Maybe.
  I haven't seen that movie in a long time.
  Death can come for you, child.
  Don't forget it.
  That's literally what my mom would say all the time before I would go to things like  that.
  Before you go to sleep every night.
  Remember Mermaids.
  Remember Christina Ricci.
  She almost died.
  This is sort of a sidetracky thing.
  It's a little bit of a walk to get there, but I think it'll be worth it.
  So there's multiple Slitherbonds.
  We've only talked about the new Brownfuls one, but there's.
.
.
  I think there's one in Corpus Christi, there's one in Kansas City, and they've been trying  to build one in the area of Padre Island.
  Do you know where that is?  Oh, of course.
  South Padre Island was another hotbed for horny teens.
  Oh boy.
  Wow.
  You're making it sound like all of Texas is.
.
.
  Yeah, I just filled.
.
.
  Well, it just helps that most of my time was spent either in childhood or in puberty in  Texas.
  Okay, sure.
  I left when I was 18.
  When you could handle it, when you were just overflowing.
  Yeah, exactly.
  What is in South Padre Island?  It's a beach.
  It's like a beach town.
  Okay, okay.
  Yeah.
  They're trying to build a big development there of which Slitherbond would be an anchor.
  The primary parties trying to put this together are the current owners of Slitherbond, Jeff  and Gary Henry, who inherited the company from their dad, and another guy, a local developer  named Paul Schexnailder.
  Ooh, Swindler.
  So yeah, probably from the.
.
.
  I wouldn't trust him.
  Anyway, they've ended up in this big real estate war and the thing has never gotten  built.
  I don't think the hurricane helped those efforts either.
  Why build on that coast at this point?  Yeah.
  It's crazy.
  But anyway, yeah, Schexnailder is claiming that the Henry brothers aren't putting up  money and then, and whatever fighting is going on, the two brothers have split apart.
  They aren't friends anymore.
  They aren't working together.
  Wow.
  And all everyone I'm talking about is like 60, 70 year old men.
  Yeah, sure.
  I thought the South Padre one did get opened.
  I don't know.
  Possibly.
  On Wikipedia, it seemed like the Fort Lauderdale one was dealing with a lot of the similar.
  Oh, okay.
  It could be.
  I'm not sure which is which.
  But anyway, a giant fight.
  The Schlitterbahn has not gotten built and this is all from a newspaper article I read.
  But then the Henry's father was dying.
  A major Schlitterbahn executive, probably the CEO of the company, and he's about to  pass.
  He's been given the last rights.
  He's in his last week.
  So Schexnailder puts all their differences aside to email the brothers and say, hey,  I know everything's crazy, but I wanted to let you know I'm thinking about you and your  family and I'm sorry that your father is going to pass away.
  And he gets an email back from Jeff Henry, Schlitterbahn president or something.
  One of the brothers.
  And it is this.
  I am extremely tired of both of you guys.
  Consider me your lifelong enemy now.
  Wait, is this the dad that's about to die he wrote this email?  No, this is not the dad.
  It's one of the brothers.
  It is one of the brothers.
  So his dad is about to die.
  Both of you guys?  Yeah, so he's talking to his own brother and to Schexnailder.
  And to Schexnailder.
  Okay.
  So Schexnailder and Gary, I'm extremely tired of both of you guys.
  Consider me your lifelong enemy now as I have sworn on dad's grave to avenge.
  Dad's grave?  Believe me now.
  Wait, is his dad even dead yet?  No, he's about to die.
  But we bought the grave.
  I swore on the grave.
  I've got my hand on it.
  My grave is next to it.
  Gary, I'll make sure yours isn't.
  Believe me now.
  I'm going to blow both of you out of the water or worse sink you below it.
  Wow.
  I can't help it.
  I think water and even when I'm furious, you may win in court, but let me assure you, you  will not win in the end.
  Hell is where you both belong.
  Oh my God.
  Don't worry, Paul, Gary, one and the same.
  Judges will eat you both.
  I love this.
  That's a real email that's in a newspaper article.
  I love petty, stupid old man shit.
  Yeah.
  And you know what I love about it is that it's like Dallas or Falcon Chris.
  It's like one of these crazy 80s businessman soap operas that had happened in real life.
  I declare, sir.
  Like an oil man or something.
  It's obviously very theatrical, but I was looking at all the different names of the  rides.
  So I'm wondering if these guys, because they've named a couple of slides after pirates.
  There's Blackbeard.
  There's a Blackbeard water slide.
  Oh, I remember Blackbeard.
  Lafitte.
  It's another pirate.
  That sounds sexy.
  It's a very sexy purple slide.
  Normal purple slide.
  It sort of looks like a penis.
  Yeah, purple can be the color of a dead man if there's problems.
  And there's like the Black Knight.
  So I wonder if these guys have like an affection for these old characters.
  And when he's writing that email, if he isn't thinking of himself as Lafitte or Blackbeard.
  Or what you want is the Sheck Snail or your regular Blackbeard.
  Right.
  Now I'm Lafitte.
  I shall vanquish.
  I shall drown you as though you were Christina Ricci, except I'll finish the job.
  It's on the menu too.
  It's like, hey, I want one shrimp basket with fries and one order of a father's revenge.
  That's a combo.
  That's shrimp and fried cod.
  Yeah, one of those.
  Can I get it in a mega father's grave?  I can't believe he swore on his father's grave.
  That's insane.
  That's wild.
  He's like four days away from dying.
  Where do these guys live?  Where are they?  I know Padre Island.
  The company is called Upper Padre Partners.
  Oh wow.
  It's like nice, fun name.
  And they're talking about a water park for children.
  And they're like, I will eat you.
  Consider your eyeballs spit out.
  That's so crazy.
  Someone got screwed hard in this thing.
  Yeah.
  It's a very, very sensitive subject.
  Tour the Henry brothers.
  I also like the guy swearing on his dad's grave against his brother.
  Like shouldn't the brother have equal right to swear on the grave?  But he claimed it, I guess.
  He claimed the right.
  Dibs.
  I call first on daddy's.
  I get to swear on his grave first.
  Then you can do it later, but about something else.
  You can use a non-profane term that's less aggressive.
  But profanities on father's grave shall come from me.
  This is not uncommon in the behind the scenes theme park.
  If you hear the stories from Disney in the 80s and 90s of Michael Eisner and Jeffrey  Katzenberg and Frank Wells, the shifting alliances trying to rebuild this once great company.
  And they just all kind of hated each other.
  And then Frank Wells died in that helicopter accident.
  One guy died and then they got out of.
.
.
  Tilted the balance of power.
  Yeah.
  Put their differences.
.
.
  He was like the calming presence.
  And you do see like more madness setting in after he passes.
  Wow.
  I think they flew too close to the sun.
  They expanded too much.
  They got too greedy.
  Absolutely.
  I think more money, more problems is where this ends.
  As Tweety Bird would say, more money, more problems.
  Tweety Bird, you didn't fucking coin that shit.
  You stole this for your shirt, Tweety.
  Whenever though anyone works with anyone for multiple years, they hate each other.
  That's just sort of the band rule.
  That might be the podcast rule in a couple of years.
  Never ever.
  Like I'll be wishing Jason dead in a couple of years.
  I swear on my father's grave.
  I'm like, dead?  Why would you do that?  God, I'm still alive.
  Jason brings up like corndogs again on the podcast and I just lose my mind.
  God damn it.
  Not again.
  I'm sick of hearing about corndog castle.
  Can it be hot dogs?  Once?  No.
  Sometimes we explain that Carthay Circle is cool.
  California adventures where we drink and we feast on mead and other libations.
  I will eat your butt, Jason.
  Consider your butt.
  It's chewed and swallowed.
  Still polite though.
  At some point we went really clean.
  At some point we tried that approach.
  Wait, what?  Just do, I'll eat your butt.
  Oh yeah, you went back down to butt.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Kids are listening still.
  Eat your butt.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, eat your butt when I was a kid would probably confuse me.
  I'd be like, huh.
  Is that a throaty?  You didn't consume the butt.
  Interesting.
  This is a murky threat you've given.
  Since we've talked about like lots of gross things from my sexual past.
  When I was 10, I dated like this 11 year old boy.
  You dated when you were 10.
  I'm still jealous again.
  This is all weird.
  This is all weird circumstances.
  My parents never knew about this.
  My friend from my neighborhood set me up with her friend from her school.
  So I didn't know him and we'd just write each other's notes and talk on the phone.
  I went on one date with him and I was terrified.
  I was like, I can't do this.
  An older man.
  An older man.
  He's a gentleman.
  Yes.
  He wrote something.
  He wrote me a poem and it was like roses are red, violets are blue.
  I really want to fuck you was written and then fuck you was crossed out, which I can  still see it.
  And then eat you was written.
  Which again, I had no concept of what that meant.
  I did not know what eat you meant.
  Like I mean he meant like connellingus, right?  I would guess.
  Or just like eat you up.
  Like you're such a little cutie.
  I want to eat you up.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Or like eat my shorts type thing.
  I don't know.
  Something funny.
  But he'd also said fuck already.
  He already said fuck and then crossed it out to where I could still see what he wrote.
  God.
  Can we launch a Twitter campaign against this guy?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Stuart Schuller.
  I know you're out there.
  Oh God.
  I still have the note.
  First noted case of slander.
  Very good.
  Let's call him out.
  To a 10 year old girl.
  You did that to a 10 year old girl.
  I mean it is so scary to think about, but we were both children.
  I swear on your grant Stuart, so long as I live.
  I wouldn't even, I don't even know if it said I want to fuck you.
  I don't think I would have known.
  I wouldn't.
  No I didn't either.
  I was in a committed relationship with.
  I didn't know about fucking in that sense.
  I knew it was a bad word, but I didn't know it meant sex.
  10, 11, I was in a committed relationship with my X-Men action figures.
  Oh.
  Very, uh.
  How committed.
  Rogue was your best girl.
  I had six joke pitches that flashed in my head when you were about to go into that joke.
  Yeah.
  I had a nice, uh, Haagen-Dazs, uh.
  Whoa, whoa, my family wasn't millionaires.
  We were buying a fancy ice cream.
  You were getting Blue Bunny.
  We were a Briars family.
  Um, well with all of those horrors, do we have any closing thoughts about this great  franchise?  Yeah, Slitherbond.
  I want to go back man.
  Oh there's um.
  You shouldn't.
  My nieces are probably going to get like old enough to go and I can go with them as an  adult and watch the fun.
  Go and make sure no pervy 11 year old start, uh.
  I don't know how old your nieces are but.
  In recent years, some of the Slitherbond locations have added indoor parks that run like year  round.
  Whoa, okay.
  Uh, which is there was also uh.
  So while I'm there for Thanksgiving I can go check it out.
  Yeah, so you may be able to.
  The fun can go year round.
  Yeah.
  There's an indoor park and that is in California now.
  There's a place called Great Wolf Lodge like by Anaheim.
  That sounds awesome.
  That is an indoor water park with a hotel.
  I remember that as I gotta go.
  It's an indoor water park with a hotel built in.
  Uh Scott lurked around at one time.
  I wandered around there once.
  I was for it.
  Yeah.
  Uh not a good.
  Just gonna check it out.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Just see if it might be fun for future uh head orange county owners.
  That's so funny to imagine someone walking up to Slitherbond and just like can I walk  around here and just fully clothed.
  I'm not going to anything.
  I'm on my lunch break.
  I just want to see what it's all about.
  Just getting the gist in case I ever have or no children.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Filing it away.
  Yeah.
  Um well do we do.
  I don't think we've established if we do our system when it's an entire water park.
  Well and we haven't been there.
  And we haven't been there.
  So we can't do it.
  We judge rides on a scale of keep it as is plus it up or burn it to the ground for insurance  money.
  Wow.
  It seems I doubt anyone's opinion is to burn uh Slitherbond to the ground for insurance  money.
  No I don't think so.
  From the website perusal that I was doing I would I would plus it I would I would put  like black beard I would at least draw a black beard on the side of the slide if you're gonna  call it black beard.
  Oh you love hand painted rides like Pixar.
  Uh huh.
  Uh huh.
  Oh don't they do have one I think where you go through like a little uh screen of mist  and there's a dragon on it or something.
  Oh interesting.
  Uh so there is some.
  A little bit of.
  Character work.
  Character work.
  Which I don't know that you're getting that in almost any water slide.
  You like see a a character a monster.
  No I know.
  That's kind of neat.
  Yeah.
  Well you know here you do though there was a whole big thing uh the local indoor pool  we had they like redid it when I was 12 and the whole big thing was that down the water  slide there was a picture projected like that on the pirates and on what you're discussing.
  And it would just be like like a sun or something.
  It was Rahm Emanuel.
  You just like go through it.
  It was a young Rahm Emanuel.
  This was years before.
  Like one of those.
  It was Mayor Daley.
  Chicago Mayor Daley.
  Oh it was a Daley like doing like a deal with the Teamsters.
  Yeah yeah yeah they were shaking hands and a big sack of money.
  Reminds me of like a Magic Eye poster or book.
  Yeah it was a.
  You would see just a random image and it's like couldn't you do something clever with  this and it was supposed to be a sun.
  Seems like a shitty gimmick.
  Sorry.
  They were both shitty.
  A baseball bat.
  But we were very excited and then yeah no it was nothing.
  So yeah I would always want a character.
  I always want a character.
  I want a robot but that's just me.
  I guess my whole overall opinion with Schlitterbahn is stop plussing it up.
  Oh yeah you don't want the plus.
  Let it die a little bit.
  I want it to like go back to its roots a little.
  Let it get overgrown with beasts.
  Oh boy.
  Return to nature.
  At least you know keep the water circulating so that no one gets any illnesses.
  Keep the filters.
  That's a good.
  Keep the filters going and the lifeguards.
  New filters.
  Keep the lifeguards.
  Oh boy.
  You will have to make a choice when you go back with like nieces of like do you just  give them each twenty dollars and you go like I'm going to be here.
  I trust you.
  Oh.
  Go see the world or are you like I got to go.
  Oh no I wouldn't.
  I would kind of let these two.
  I'd be terrified to let them out of my sight actually.
  I think if my.
  Okay so my oldest niece is 15.
  If she was with her other 15 year old friends that would be fine to go off by themselves  but no I couldn't.
  Like the 11 year old the seven year old the two year old.
  Oh there I am.
  Okay.
  Do they go.
  Have they been to.
  I don't know if they have.
  I wonder.
  You sure you want to bet that two year old's probably fine in the way.
  Yeah she'll be alright.
  She'll be alright.
  Right by next to the wall that water flies out of.
  Give her 20 bucks she'll be fine.
  Yeah.
  Jason was advocating.
  20 bucks maybe.
  I wonder how the inflation on those turkey legs has gone.
  I think they were probably like six bucks.
  They're probably.
  Closer to 10 now.
  Yeah 10 13.
  Maybe 12.
  Prices lower in Texas or higher in general.
  Is there an overall.
  I mean obviously prices go up everywhere.
  Yes.
  Yeah yeah.
  But in the way things are more expensive in New York.
  I mean gas is still very cheap there though.
  Oh really.
  Oh yeah.
  And when I smoked it was a lot of fun to buy cigarettes there because of how cheap they  were.
  Ah really.
  Don't smoke kids.
  You don't go across the border specifically for cigarettes.
  Across the border.
  Across the border.
  The Texas border.
  You don't make cigarette runs back to Texas.
  No I don't.
  No I don't.
  I definitely used to like yeah excitedly bring them back to New York or Washington state  where I lived but.
  Oh yeah New York cigarettes are very expensive.
  Very expensive.
  They're somehow cheaper in California even though like everything else is more expensive  than California.
  Why?  Make them expensive.
  That's so awful.
  I can't stand the idea of cheap cigarettes.
  So awful.
  Yeah it's pretty seedy isn't it.
  Make them cheap.
  Yeah.
  Well.
  Well.
  We'll be right back.
  We'll be right back.
  Welcome back.
  We're here now with another installment of our beloved segment Souvenir Smackdown.
  Kelly to set this up for you.
  The three of us have each gone hunting on eBay to try and find the weirdest or strangest  or just most interesting funny.
  Or more too expensive for what is being sold.
  Souvenir prop from theme parks or something being sold online.
  Gotcha.
  That is connected to theme parks.
  All right.
  And we've all been hunting on eBay and Etsy.
  There is a large secondary market.
  Etsy has a very.
  I'm sure.
  Large population.
  So much garbage.
  Of knickknacks and garbage and theme park stuff.
  So Mike you want to go first.
  You will judge which one is the weirdest.
  Which is your favorite.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  Favorite's fine.
  Favorite's fine.
  Pick one out.
  It'll be apparent which is more expensive immediately.
  Pick the most expensive.
  Based only on the number.
  Yeah this is a supermarket sweet.
  So I'll read the headline first.
  And the headline is vintage rare Disney name tag badge cast member gag name tag.
  And it says must see like exclamation point.
  Oh my god.
  And then the description is this one of a kind name tag was discovered in the estate  lot of a man who worked in central shops at the Walt Disney Resort in Orlando.
  And he must have had a pal working in the name tag department who made this gag tag  on the slide.
  They're really assuming a lot.
  And there's so much backstory already.
  And there's so much like he knew a man who went to this one location.
  If you look at the grassy knoll there is a puff of smoke in the footage.
  Because it is an estate sale that this person found this.
  So the name tag that is hilarious.
  The gag.
  Is ratso.
  Oh.
  From mouse butt U.
S.
A.
  U.
S.
A.
  U.
S.
A.
  So the name on it is ratso.
  That's pretty cute.
  The city is mouse butt.
  And the U.
S.
A.
  U.
S.
A.
  I love the name tag.
  The description makes me feel like this guy doesn't have a good sense of humor.
  Even though he's like it is funny.
  But he's like I don't know the way he's saying that it's funny.
  It's like too dorky.
  It gets more extreme.
  It says the word ass but then the name itself is so tame.
  It's very mild.
  Right.
  What did you search to find this?  Mr.
 Butt.
  Ratso.
  I searched Disney World I think.
  That's all.
  Do you think I searched like ass?  Disney ass?  No.
  I'm just curious to see what your searching method was.
  My searching method.
  Hardcore Disney porn.
  Yeah.
  Sexual Disney things.
  I think I searched Disney World and then I switched it so the highest price items are  at the top.
  So I just surfed down from the.
  Because this is going for buy it now price $550.
  Oh my god.
  And this is the name tag of someone that worked at Disney.
  Right.
  It was probably just the guy who worked as the description speculates.
  Probably just a guy who loved a good gag that made it and then handed it to somebody because  there would be no way.
  But also worked at Disney World or worked on a lot of a movie.
  There's no way to be sure.
  There's no way to be sure.
  This person has speculated so much as it is.
  But it is like the Disney name tag.
  So like chances are whoever.
  Yeah.
  Or they could have snuck in one night.
  They had access.
  Access to the badge printer.
  Great.
  Right.
  And they used it on the ultimate joke.
  Ultimate prank.
  Ratso.
  Ratso.
  All right.
  Well.
  So let's hear the next one.
  Do you think yours has a chance to top?  Because mine doesn't.
  It's just weird.
  I.
  Mine is also weird.
  So I.
  Can't wait.
  But if you thought I want to go out with a bang.
  There I go.
  I'll just go.
  I'll go for it.
  Yeah.
  You go.
  Don't undersell yourselves guys.
  It's definitely expensive for what it is.
  But the item is so silly.
  So what we're what we're looking at is this is a Mickey Mouse that is specifically a Mickey  Mouse plush.
  Oh no.
  It is themed specifically after the Aerosmith Rock and Roller coaster.
  Oh that's an MGM right?  Yes.
  That's at the Disney Studios in Florida.
  So it is a rockified Mickey Mouse who let me just try to explain.
  He's he's wearing like it's a it's a definition of rock music that's really more of a rave  guy.
  He looks like Slash to me.
  Oh there you go.
  Doesn't he have the Slash hat and hair?  It's a very Slash hat.
  He's in like patent leather and boots.
  Mickey is looking wild.
  He's kind of like a 2000s rave guy.
  Yeah he has a pair of silver glasses on.
  What are those?  Silver glasses.
  It's a little like Elton Johnnie.
  Yeah.
  He's getting wild with the glasses.
  Someone just.
  I hate this so much.
  It's really hideous.
  Read the description.
  The Aerosmith logo coming out of his hat and then he's wearing.
  Oh actually wait a minute.
  The version that I'm looking at he's missing his jacket.
  Don't buy this version.
  Do not buy.
  Because.
  Do not buy.
  If they hadn't misplaced the jacket it's got like flames on it.
  It's like a shirt the Smash Mouth guy would wear.
  Yes.
  There's not much going on description wise and actually there's a lot of these on eBay.
  There's not just the one.
  But so just a couple highlights though.
  Gently Loved and Ready for a New Home.
  That is my favorite Aerosmith song.
  Gently Loved.
  Get a little ready for a new home.
  Wait so what does the title say again?  Rock and Roll Mickey?  Oh gee yeah what does it say in the.
  Well this version that I have is paired with a children's book about the history of Aerosmith  called Aerosmith Hard Rock Superstars.
  So this is kind of a bundle.
  Children's book.
  Yes.
  Which probably leaves out a lot of chapters about their.
  Yeah they don't talk about love in the elevator in there.
  This is four years ago on Instagram.
  You just found this?  This is my picture.
  What did Mike took in picture?  Four years on Instagram of Mickey in Aerosmith outfit.
  Oh boy.
  So they were still selling this.
  So they were selling this very recently.
  This Aerosmith outfit I still don't understand the glasses.
  I'll never understand the glasses.
  It's kind of Elton John and they're square.
  I think it's a little nod to rock history.
  Little nod to maybe Buddy Holly.
  But to Aerosmith?  No.
  It doesn't make a lot of sense and the idea of well Mickey just kind of looks like this  like devilish jester.
  He's like the demon of all things rock.
  He's a little Alice Cooper.
  It's a very bizarre definition of what a rock guy would wear.
  I couldn't name one hard rocker that wears glasses.
  Sorry.
  No I don't think there is one.
  I think you're right.
  It's also sort of a Jesse Camp vibe as well.
  You can't wear glasses.
  They're going to fly off.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  Rocking too hard.
  Unless you like attach them at the back like a basketball player or something or like a  dorky little girl.
  He should be dressed like Steven Tyler.
  He should have like an open shirt and just be covered in scarves.
  With scarves everywhere.
  Yeah.
  A little microphone with scarves.
  It would be very easy to do an Aerosmith Mickey.
  Right.
  Yeah Steven Tyler himself looks kind of iconic.
  The execution on this.
  This is sort of nothing.
  My description of this of how he's dressed is like if Mickey and Minnie were going to  an Aerosmith concert and he walked out and was like I'm ready and Minnie's like you're  going outside in that?  I don't know why.
  Yeah why did you do this?  No I guess no I was just joking.
  I'll just put on the red shorts again I guess.
  He's 13 inches.
  Very cool.
  13 inches.
  13 inches of pure plush.
  Alright.
  Like I assume Mr.
 Tyler is packing and.
  Yeah sure.
  Thirteen at least.
  Oh yeah.
  Minimum soft.
  But when he's hard rocking.
  Wait a minute.
  Who knows.
  Anyway this is only.
  There's a lot of people who are like.
  Oh who knows.
  There's a lot of these on eBay.
  You can get your own very easily.
  They're all somewhere from 15 to 25 dollars.
  Not unreasonable.
  Yeah.
  But pretty stupid.
  15 to 25 dollars.
  I did just casually describe that as.
  Yes that's funny.
  It's kind of a bargain.
  Yeah yeah it's good.
  If you want Kelly go for it.
  It's a good Christmas present.
  Definitely.
  That might still be on sale.
  I should see if it's still on sale.
  It's probably for sale.
  They probably are still selling them.
  Don't buy it.
  We're not selling them.
  We're not selling them.
  We're not selling them.
  We're not selling them.
  Don't buy it.
  What are you doing.
  I'll buy one for each of us.
  All right.
  Okay.
  Oh wait.
  Also my wife posed this question to me.
  What do you think Mickey's favorite Aerosmith song is?  Oh god.
  I don't know.
  My rationale is that he likes.
  I think Mickey's favorite song in the world is When You Wish Upon a Star.
  Because it's within the company.
  It's a ballad.
  He's a tender.
  He's a tender guy.
  Yeah.
  So I think he likes I Don't Want to Miss a Thing.
  Oh that's true.
  It is kind of loving.
  It's almost like a classic Disney song.
  You can imagine Jiminy Cricket singing I Don't Want to Miss a Thing.
  No I cannot.
  I think it's Dream On.
  Dream On.
  Because dreams are so much of part of Disney.
  It's dreams.
  So Dream On.
  What about Ragdoll?  No.
  It's an old timey kind of song.
  As a doll.
  He also would probably be a big fan of Toys in the Attic.
  Yeah.
  Toys in the Attic.
  We know this song.
  Toys in the Attic.
  Attic.
  There we go.
  We all know it.
  All right.
  Let's see what you've got.
  Jason.
  All right.
  So from readily available to one of a kind.
  Walt Disney World actual park used prop sign stained glass window town square.
  That nonsense sentence is the description on eBay.
  Here has told us nothing.
  It's a sign.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  The prop sign was used at the original town square restaurant on Main Street USA inside  the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World sponsored by Hormel from 1981 to 1989.
  This piece hung above the doorway as guests entered the restaurant now known as Tony's  Town Square.
  It was removed during refurbishment which converted the former Hormel sponsored space  into the now famous Tony's Town Square restaurant.
  What is your guess as to what this stained glass window says?  I already saw it.
  Yeah.
  You said it's Hormel.
  That was the sponsor.
  Yeah.
  Is that a chili?  Hmm.
  What it says?  I don't know.
  That's hard to narrow down.
  Well, Scott, it's the official logo of Hormel in stained glass.
  Oh, beautiful stained glass.
  There's it.
  Okay.
  It says Hormel and then around that are some beautiful pink flowers.
  Some beautiful pink flowers.
  So this is a one of a kind.
  And this hung above someone.
  Oh my God.
  It was in Main Street.
  That was in there.
  Right.
  Wow.
  Oh my God.
  Along with this window, the purchaser will receive an original Town Square restaurant  newspaper menu.
  Oh no.
  Featuring entrees.
  Town Square restaurant, cafe, bill affair.
  This is an old time fun menu.
  Wow.
  Town Square cafe.
  And-  What do we got on that, baby?  Someone cares about that.
  Entree number one with a bullet.
  Ham steak.
  Then you got beef stew.
  You can get a cup of chili, a dollar 75, a bargain at the time.
  I wonder if it's Hormel brand.
  Something tells me.
  Might be.
  The Main Street deli plate.
  All of these delicious in the hundred degree Florida heat.
  Eww.
  Ham steak.
  Yeah.
  Shrimp salad.
  Awful.
  Shrimp salad sandwich.
  And I think the good people at Hormel, I'm thinking shrimp salad, baby.
  I wonder when this menu came out.
  I feel like it was when food was at its worst.
  Does it say?  Yeah.
  80s were crummy for food.
  Yeah.
  Bad food.
  Yeah.
  81 to 89.
  So this is-  All the mass production had just started and they were not doing a good job.
  Sure.
  So everything's really bland and you have no influences of other cultures.
  There is nothing international about this food whatsoever.
  Yeah.
  That's true.
  It's all white.
  It's all Mexican.
  Yeah.
  Here's a favorite.
  White and brown food.
  Ugh.
  Potatoes.
  Plain.
  So I don't know why Hormel's name is in this one.
  Farm fresh catfish from Hormel.
  No.
  Like no other item has Hormel in the name.
  And I don't want farm fresh for fish.
  I mean, I know that a lot of them come from farms, but you don't say farm fresh catfish.
  You want to imagine they're caught from a stream.
  Like a stream.
  Yeah.
  Like a stream.
  Like sugar bottle fish.
  Yeah.
  Dan went to a steakhouse with the Wet Hot American Summer writing staff.
  And it was a fun staff night out.
  And it just turned out to be the worst steakhouse ever.
  I can't remember what it's called, but they boasted on the menu, our beef is corn fed.
  That's a very common steakhouse thing.
  No.
  They want it to be.
  No one likes corn fed anymore.
  Corn fed.
  That was impressive a long time ago.
  I bet that jerk Stewart runs that steakhouse.
  Yeah.
  And they're like, corn's hard to find, you know.
  There's not a lot of corn to go around.
  The government doesn't like to subsidize corn.
  We shoved corn down this cow's throat.
  Yeah.
  Ready to eat it.
  He hated it.
  Corn fed catfish.
  Some more info.
  They were very thorough.
  Are you going to read us the whole menu?  No, no.
  This is more from the eBay description.
  The menu is one sheet of heavy newspaper like paper printed both front and back containing  Hormel history, facts, and of course the food and drink offerings at the time.
  I hate that this comes with the sign.
  Side note, all the-  Pretend you're there.
  All the framed artwork under the glass inside the dining room are original works made by  the famous Disney artist Don Ducky Williams.
  Okay.
  Which is kind of a confusingly word.
  Is that like the, he made the stained glass himself?  I don't know.
  He wrote the menu items.
  There's some catfish on there.
  He wrote the menu.
  I don't know.
  Hungry for shrimp salad.
  Hungry.
  Ducky loves shrimp salad.
  Ducky loved ham.
  Ham's good.
  Everyone loves a good ham.
  Sirloin steak.
  What's the price?  What is the price?  The current buy it now price.
  Does anyone want to guess?  $42.
  $6,000.
  I'll split the difference.
  $1,000?  My real answer is $200.
  Mike's too high and Scott, you're a little too low.
  Currently selling for $3,500.
  Oh my God.
  So that's insane.
  Yep.
  That's stupid.
  It is a nice window though.
  Stained glass.
  Hormel though.
  Hormel is an embarrassing word.
  It is an embarrassing word, but Disney has a rich history of being associated with evil  corporations and companies.
  So if you could get a House of the Future Monsanto sign, sure Monsanto is evil, but it's  from that-  But it's the House of the Future.
  It was the House of the Future, so I could see people paying a large-  Oh my God.
  I'm not going to buy this.
  Yeah.
  I might.
  Jason though, I could see having a stained glass window with Hormel.
  It's probably one of my top five seasoned preserved meat companies.
  You just think of sloppy, wet, greasy meat when I've hit Hormel.
  You know what I mean?  Yeah.
  And having a lot of stained glass is incredible.
  Can drippings, like goo coming out of a can.
  Wait, I can't remember what yours was.
  Oh yeah, that name tag.
  Rat, though.
  Well, I think mine was the Hormel.
  It was the Hormel.
  Jason Wins.
  Yeah, it's so fucking stupid.
  Your favorite slash.
  And I feel like it is kind of the most worth, I mean at least it was a sign at the place  and we know that.
  This Aerosmith crap is so loose.
  That's pretty, and they threw the jacket away.
  Yeah, exactly.
  They threw the jacket away.
  I assume.
  Fuck this.
  This does come with a certificate of authenticity, if you were concerned.
  Which is actually like in California, if you try to sell a signed book, you have to provide  a certificate of authenticity.
  It is a serious legal thing.
  I wonder what life would be like if I thought about those kinds of things.
  You know what I mean?  Would it be better?  You'd have a podcast like this.
  But would it be better if I obsessed over collecting items of things I liked?  Would life be better?  Does it bring a better quality?  You're asking because we do that.
  Do you?  Do you?  You do do this?  I have a lot of, yeah.
  Do you like it and you think about it and you like it?  Well, I have probably like 60 little of these Disney toys that I collect.
  I have all these other figures.
  I just bought a couple months ago, a $200 something doll of Adam West.
  It's dressed as Batman, little.
  Sorry, sorry.
  What kind of sigh was that?  I mean, it seemed like she was exhausted by what I was explaining.
  It goes in waves.
  Sometimes I go, well, I have too much stuff and then I get rid of it.
  And then sometimes I'm like, I need a little more and then I need a fix.
  Wow.
  And it feels good.
  It makes you happy.
  Yeah, it does.
  I just have to, I think I'm still in the process of balancing because for a while I was doing  too much and I've sold a bunch of stuff.
  I don't have anything like that in my life.
  I guess it's sort of furnishing my home is at the moment my obsessive like collect it  all thing.
  Oh, sure.
  Sure.
  But you know, yeah, you haven't bought some like bizarre piece of nostalgia or arcania.
  I don't think so.
  I have a lot of weird little figures, but they're all dirty and out of the package.
  I have a minor out of the package.
  So I'm not like some crazy person.
  Yeah, no.
  Yeah.
  My brother has a lot of the figures too, like Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, all them shits.
  I remember when Star Wars Episode One came out, like they started re-releasing everything  and then new ones too.
  So he was like, I'm going to start now because I fucked up as a kid and all that shit got  buried in the sand.
  It's going to get so expensive.
  My newest thing is that I'm not going to collect the little things.
  I'm just going to spend money on the big expensive, but it's a classier look for my disease.
  Like a nice piece of art.
  Maybe you would consider this Hormel thing.
  I know I would.
  I would consider it.
  It depends.
  I don't know where I would put it.
  I mean, I have the big haunted mansions from like the front, like it's a replica of it  obviously, but we have that in the living room.
  Classier as opposed to a bunch of junk and knickknacks.
  Yeah, because if it's smaller and if it's all, I mean, I still have some of that stuff  in my office.
  Yeah, I've seen some classy presentations of collector items before.
  Like that Adam West thing is cool.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I've seen it.
  Oh, it's very, yeah.
  Thumbs up.
  Sign off.
  You can't touch his costume though because it'll rip.
  Gotcha.
  So do not.
  I'll see a picture of that one.
  You'll choose that over all of these items.
  It'll fall into dust.
  On that note.
  Hey, thank you so much for being here.
  Yeah, thanks for having me.
  That was a lot of fun.
  I'm sorry if I offended anyone in theater.
  No, no.
  Oh boy, some of those words and tales thrown around.
  Anything you want to plug or mention or send people to?  Listen to Make Me Like It, my podcast I do with my husband, Dan Klein.
  Watch Dan Klein's show that he writes for.
  Great news on NBC.
  Hey, yeah.
  Love of God.
  Check out, oh, well, my show.
  It's not online, but you can always hit me up.
  Is it lost in the Go90 turbine?  Yeah, Go90 turbine shredded it and then my contract with them ran out.
  Thank God.
  So now I can do something with it.
  This is similar for my show, TwinFest, which I've never promoted on here, but it's out  of the Go90 collection.
  Got it.
  Is Go90 a tale now?  It's in hell.
  It's a memory like Bing Bong.
  Out of, yeah.
  But it doesn't have as good of a name as Bing Bong.
  Yeah.
  Welcome to hell, Go90.
  Yeah.
  Hey, on that, well, yeah, watch and do all those things.
  Kelly, thanks for being here.
  It's been fun.
  Follow Podcast the Ride on Twitter.
  Email us at Podcast the Ride at Gmail.
  Hey.
  Subscribe and like the podcast.
  Yeah, rate and review us on iTunes.
  Rate and review us and check out other great Feral podcasts, which I forgot to mention  at the beginning.
  Thanks, Feral.
  Uh-oh.
  Hey.
  Is that the Feral sound effect?  What can I say?  That is the Feral sound effect.
  I was just being a bad boy.
  Feral audio.
  You survived Podcast the Ride.
  Thanks everybody.
  Bye.
