 Today, a podcast, The Ride, 65 million years in the making, featuring hadrosaurs, gerbils,  tarps, the mighty Akron, and a journey to Jurassic Park, The Ride with Matt Mazzani.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the world's greatest, and as far as I'm concerned, only theme park  podcast.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Mike Carlson.
  Hello there.
  And Scott Gardner.
  Hi Jason.
  And we have a guest today, writer, director, you may know him from Funny or Die, Gaya Thrones,  WWE, Matt Mazzani is here.
  Hey guys, how's it going?  Good.
  Yeah, how about you?  I'm jazz, I'm so excited to be here.
  I love the podcast, it's really fun.
  I'm not the biggest ride head in the world, but I think it's like, I am tickled by how  much you guys know and like, I didn't know there was this to know about rides, the things  you guys know.
  That's the whole thing, is trying to legitimize theme park nerddom, have people talk about  credits and factoids the way you would about Beatles records or things that are way cooler  than this.
  I have a serious question about ride fandom.
  Sure.
  Yes.
  Are there things like in movies, there's like the a tour theory, is there like a tour theory  for rides, like these types of rides from certain imagineers are, I mean, obviously  like Walt Disney is a big figure and that's as far as I know, but is there any like inside?  Well there are big famous imagineers that have a lot of like credits that you would  know like we talk about the guy Tony Baxter a lot who like he's the main guy for star  tours, he's the main guy for the figment and figment ride in Epcot.
  He's splash mountain, he's Indiana Jones.
  Indiana Jones.
  I mean, so you're talking about this is a heavyweight like this guy, you know, now obviously  he he didn't do this alone because he asked that there's tons of designers and animator,  but he's you know, the figurehead.
  So I guess he's probably the closest to an a tour when you're talking about imagineers  because there's tons of imagineers that don't have the high profile he does.
  So Joe roadie in the recent past has been pretty like prominent in the promotional materials  at least for the Avatar experience in Florida or Guardians of the Galaxy mission breakout.
  So there's people who are like more more like upfront in talking about these rides and maybe  taking leave, but I'm sure all of them would not ascribe the tour theory because that you  a theme park ride made by one person would be a terrible ride.
  Yeah, it is very much a thing made by committee.
  Although Baxter and roadie are both guys who do have a lot of theories about parks.
  You know, they will talk all the live long day about theme park.
  How dare imagine doing that talking for hours at a time and to have the experience to back  it up.
  Disgusting.
  So many people though work in Imagineering.
  I have to imagine that there are people that are bitter and be like, well, I gave Joe roadie  the idea for the Guardians of the Galaxy to break out of a power plant.
  Yeah, like we that's my idea.
  Like there has to be like some people that feel like these guys are sort of figureheads  and they get all the glory and like the first guy who did a log flume with like was it was  just all flat with no drops.
  And they're like, we should just have a sudden drop instead of a slow slight decline.
  And there was one guy who figured that out.
  But he was his idea was stolen.
  Oh, God.
  Probably.
  Oh, but you have to sort of subsume your ideas.
  Is that a word?  You have to your ideas become part of the greater whole.
  Now, but you at at WWE, you were credited on screen for each line and plot turn that  you came up with, correct?  Publicly, it was it was all the wrestlers and that they they are they are the guy.
  Yeah, because oh, that's right.
  Because wrestling is not written.
  No, of course not.
  You were a consultant and advice.
  You were like you were a trainer to the rest.
  Well, they have words on the screen every once in a while before commercial breaks,  things like up next.
  I would say up next.
  Should we have an ellipsis on the end or no?  Like that's the things I would do.
  But no, I think much like the amusement park rides, you know, a Sasha Banks, a professional  wrestler, she is she's like the roller coaster that we have to make thrilling and exciting.
  But we only want the fans to enjoy the experience of that, not the not the the WWE Imagineers.
  Right.
  Sure.
  So you support the yeah, in the way that you support the more glamorous star, you see you  just you support the the ride itself.
  It's about Big Thunder Mountain, not the people who laid all the tracks on Big Thunder Mountain.
  But if we were to turn these microphones off, who knows what you'd say?  Yeah.
  I'd have something to say about Big Thunder Mountain.
  That's exactly what we don't want.
  You don't get a credit like, you know, there's not credits at the end of the rides, but maybe  the storefront that sells hardtack and bacon is like McGinty's dry goods and the Imagineer  John McGinty.
  That's like, oh, that's my little thing.
  That's my little credit.
  There is no I'm sure there's probably been a McGinty.
  I thought for a second that that's a real person.
  John McGinty.
  No, but I did see an article recently of like five times Joe Rody has put himself in rides  or like where there's imagineers that like, oh, they clearly his that Alexander Graham  Bell looks a little like Joe Rody.
  I see all the glory people find little sly ways to reference this reference themselves.
  Now you just Matt, you just spent a bunch of time in Orlando for wrestling and you you  made it down to Disney World for at least at least a time or two.
  Correct.
  Well, the big thing is is is we're always very busy.
  We're down in Orlando because we were working on NXT, which is WWE's Farm League.
  So we go to Orlando once a month for TV tapings, always crazy busy.
  But one day something happened.
  The scheduling shifted.
  We had to move the shoot for today.
  So we had a free day and we went to go to the Animal Kingdom and I saw Avatar land,  which is a big deal for me because I'm a big Avatar head.
  I love it.
  I've always like like anybody else.
  I saw it six times in the theaters, never on DVD, because for me it's all about going  to Pandora and that's what the theater experience was.
  And so to actually like literally walk around Pandora and like touch the plants and be told  not to touch the plants and then do the whole experience.
  It was great.
  I Pandora is awesome and I'm very excited for like Star Wars land.
  If that's like the proto Star Wars land, it's going to like Star Wars land to be awesome.
  Well let me ask you because I've been to Pandora as well.
  Did you ride on the back of the mighty Akron?  So here's the deal.
  So I we went there with it with all the few of the other riders from WWE and we all went  as like a little group and we started doing this thing.
  Me and this other guy Robert where we would go take our fast pass because we ran out of  fast pass for that ride and we would start hitting the fast pass button and when it turned  red we would just keep walking and not stop.
  Then that became like a game that we would do where we just skip through fast pass.
  Oh, we got a rule breaker here.
  That's a real heel do.
  That is not a face rule.
  You're talking to three rule followers.
  Isn't he sets rules in motion and we all listen to them.
  We all like straightened up and we're like very uncomfortable.
  I didn't know who we were with.
  So but we were teaching a young guys like if you have confidence you can pull off anything.
  Just watch this and my buddy would just go and he'd hit it to go red.
  Excuse me sir and then like you just keep walking.
  They're not going to like chase you down and stop you.
  So we went to the the the dragon ride and I don't even know the name of the dragon which  I said I'm an avatar head.
  But what you mean the mighty a chronic a the banshee.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  It is the one it's the area of pop culture where the fans don't know the names of the  things or the characters.
  Yeah.
  I don't think there's a more successful thing where you can't name like you know like Sam  Worthington's character in the movie.
  Oh, Jake's.
  So you got to wait within one one day.
  Can you name or can you name three other characters in Avatar?  I can name the hallelujah mountains.
  I consider the holy mountains a character.
  It's like New York City is a separate character.
  Holy Mountains.
  There's the general guy.
  The general guy evil name like crowd or is there something else where a general's name  crowd.
  I don't think it is.
  I have a time.
  It is like a general thrasher.
  It is that that something on the general the evil.
  I got to say Jake Sully sounds like his name might as well be Johnny working class or like  Fred Regulamon.
  The extended scenes are really great which I just watched those.
  I didn't watch the rest of the movie but there's like a lot of Jake Sully on earth stuff where  he is he is everyday regular man you know wheeling around and getting in bar fights  and it's really good stuff.
  Yeah we've all seen it right.
  I've never seen that.
  I've seen like a little bit of Avatar on a plane once.
  I've never seen it all the way through and I missed it in theaters because I was.
  Shut his mic off.
  Someone shut Jason's mic off.
  Alright.
  That's massive to big avatars.
  That is certainly not.
  I mean though you are soaring through the sky like a mighty banshee that's that's a little  acceptable but.
  So you did you have finished to that story.
  So yeah so we were fast passing through.
  Me and my buddy got through they did stop the other two people in our party so they  had to hang back.
  And then we went up and we're just like crying laughing because we're just imagining them  waiting in a three hour line where we're just like piping through and then we go up we all  go all the way to the front and there's a second fast pass line.
  Yes.
  There's nobody there just the guys and we're like oh my god we're definitely going to get  caught because there's you know in the crowd you can kind of get by and we go there and  I don't know what happened we do not have the fast pass we hit the fast pass they both  turned green.
  Really.
  And we don't know why it did it or what but we got through and then we're laughing even  more because we got away with that.
  A hallelujah mountain miracle.
  Yeah let me ask you were you blessed by the Navi shaman of song on the river journey before  and perhaps you got a bit of that Navi luck.
  A little bit because we did do that first we did fast pass our way through that fake  fast pass our way through that and that is a beautiful animatronic she moves it's really  crazy she bang she bang.
  Scott's talked about like weird in joke theme park in jokes he has with his wife and this  is a one I have with my girlfriend where all of a sudden I'll just start singing the Navi  shaman of song song.
  Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey  hey.
  Like it's just the laziest you know generic beautiful song.
  You're a musician you should do a little like remix of it put it on YouTube to the EDM remix  of the Shaman of Song challenge accepted.
  As we said before I am single so I just have these shaman of song song in my Tinder.
  Bio that is just my Tinder bio is the Shaman of song song.
  Wait you were you were saying though.
  Oh the all the sad ending to that is I am too fat for the ride so they kicked me out.
  No what it was it was strange because it wasn't like my my belly was it was like it was a  very straight my legs couldn't fit because I've got kind of big beefy squat legs and  they tried to like push but they had this little lock in and I told them I was turning  around and said you can fucking push you can use your legs and pull you will not hurt me  I will not sue you get me on this goddamn dragon or I swear and they were like I can't  I can't I can't do it I'm gonna hurt you and I was like I was so upset.
  But then we got an extra fast pass so I did the river ride twice which was which was beautiful  and calming.
  Not quite as good of a ride.
  No it's a little that one was a little spare until the the Navi showed up it's like what  am I even doing here like the little spinny it's beautiful and it's nice and it's and  it's like on a hot day it's very air-conditioned but other than that it's you know.
  There's one robot.
  Yeah I do like anything that floats anything that floats I think is a good ride.
  Sure this is insanity though I'm looking at your calves right now those like they're I  would describe them as muscular first of all I think these are in shape calves and you  can't fit those into the stirrups of the of the Avatar ride that's crazy.
  I mean it's like this I it's a new ride they should have you know I've been to theme parks  and there's a lot of people of size there.
  I thought they would have like you know like thinking ahead like well it's 2017 there's  a lot of big people who could who want to ride drag.
  We are in central Florida perhaps we should allow that's not all entirely rail thin people  will be on this attraction.
  Everybody wants to trade out their rascal for a dragon more than a large person like  that like we need the the dragon rides more than skinny people can ride on motorcycles  and look cool.
  Their existing body is already a tall lift avatar.
  That's something when that park when Pandora first opened they also got in a little not  trouble but there was a lot of complaints that the river ride neither ride was very  like.
  A.
D.
A.
 complite like handicap accessible like there are options for them but there was really  only like one or two of like the fleet of boats that could fit like wheelchairs and  stuff which is insane to think about because the move the main character the movie is a  paraplegic right.
  And they did it like but I guess as you're spending billions and millions of dollars  to open all this thing like there's always something that falls that where they go like  oh my god we forgot about like this.
  Yeah yeah that's the thing too.
  I feel like they could have the way that thing was designed it's like a little bike like  you don't have to be.
  I mean it's like a you know it's like a but you straddle it straddle it and it's like  I get you have be locked in because you're moving around it's a safety thing but it's  just like it wouldn't have taken anything to move those back six inches and then just  have the moving attachments do better.
  I bet if you went back now they probably figured like you probably got some timid cast members  who like didn't want to hurt you.
  Yeah they were too scared to you're giving them license but they just saw their job flash  before their eyes.
  Yeah they said that we had a the story will always go oh yeah we had a 300 pound man crying  outside the ride for two hours so we have to fix this at some point because they're  really really getting unpopular.
  I will say this about Pandora though the absolute best park food I've ever had was it.
  It is good I agree yeah.
  The little bowls did you have one of the little bowls?  Little bowls with the little like I don't even know what they were there was like beads  of vinegar that were like there it looked like alien food it was really great.
  Yeah they I don't want to know I want to just think it's alien food I just I would like  to imagine.
  What if this became like fast food that is just a type of the way that there's been like  a you know big surge and poke around recently like if Pandora and food became a typical  street food and that place was the pioneer.
  That'd be great.
  I think they could probably reskin like Yoshinoya and just make that like Pandora food and I  think nobody would be sad.
  Yoshipandora yeah yeah why not they like bowls.
  Places need to do cool rebrandings I've noticed like Arby's is trying to like hip themselves  up and pretend they're like a cool local carvery.
  Some made up take on what they are.
  Go on I'm intrigued.
  And we all know they're just a cool national carvery that's yeah but they are very cool.
  Yeah they're pretty corporate that's the thing I mean yeah the meats are superb but yeah  I'm with you let's let's take over the yeah let's let's take over Yoshinoya.
  They've been nondescript for too long and seemingly diarrhea inducing for too long.
  And I would eat that diarrhea food if it was like if you go in there's like a Navi holding  the bowl and like the whole thing and they say I see you.
  Yeah.
  Which is their famous phrase that we all know.
  They'll hear your order.
  That'll be the thing when you leave they go I see you again soon.
  Hey well you know it's a shame that there are some issues with the with the loading  of these boats and the people getting to experience this beloved intellectual property but one  ride that operates without issue day after day all over the world is the Jurassic Park  experience sometimes called the Jurassic Park River Adventure also known as Jurassic Park  the ride.
  But why should we explain it when we can let one of America's greatest national treasures  tell the tale.
  Hi I'm Ryan Seacrest and welcome to the new edge from the studios of CNET the computer  network when Universal Studios Hollywood designed a ride based on Steven Spielberg's Jurassic  Park they had a tough act to follow.
  I mean after all the movie actually takes place in a theme park.
  Well they overcame that with these robots that are so advanced even Spielberg was amazed.
  Fuck you.
  That's about as deep of a cut.
  Look up that video if you care Ryan Seacrest on CNET the computer network.
  He looks like a kind of like a Norwegian boy band guy.
  He looks like one of the 18s.
  If you're familiar with the 18s.
  Seacrest has been at it for a long time and hey thanks for entertaining us.
  Anyway that goes on to give you a great behind the scenes look at the extremely high tech  dinosaurs that even Spielberg couldn't believe and there you have it the Jurassic Park ride.
  Let's get into it.
  This is the first episode I think we're doing of like where the attraction is called blank  the ride like we stole the name from.
  Yes true.
  Yeah I thought of that I thought of that very thing when we were when my wife and I were  talking about the logo we we sort of looked at that and pulled from the how the is very  small and the ride is big.
  So there you go.
  Appreciate that.
  If it was you're looking at our our logo right now maybe I'm my wife Aaron.
  Yeah you know also there are not if you look at the history of rides based on movies very  few are actually called blank the ride.
  Some of the most prominent rides like Jurassic Park the ride like Back to the Future the  ride but there are not too many of them.
  No but they came real fast and furious like in a row like as we were children and it made  an impact on us enough.
  Absolutely.
  That I think when Scott you initially suggested the name podcast the ride we were immediately  like well that immediately makes sense to us.
  It's as exciting as when you hear there is a raw Jurassic Park the ride.
  Yeah that's a mind blowing statement.
  How exciting is that.
  Yeah.
  More exciting than if we called this podcast galaxies edge.
  That's a fine name.
  What am I am I making for that.
  Save it until you see Batu in person.
  I also in looking at that history of the ride I don't think Disney any way I don't think  Disney's ever done blank the ride.
  I think they always dress it up.
  It's an adventure or an experience or they don't want it to be.
  You're doing the thing.
  Disney's always been big I think on making sure it's like you're not right.
  This isn't just like fun.
  You're entering a fully complex universe a fully immersive experience.
  My favorite it's a variant on this but at some point we got to do the episode about  one of the best formatted titles twister ride it out.
  Oh yeah.
  A very insane title.
  I'm racking my brain right now is is I call it in my head the mummy ride.
  Is it the mummy ride.
  It is revenge of the mummy the ride.
  Oh wow.
  Which is confusing because is that there was no the mummy the ride but it sounds like it's  a comeback of a previously existing ride called the mummy the ride.
  Yeah I just call it the mummy ride.
  Like that's I think quick.
  I think that's pretty common.
  Yeah.
  That's what anyone calls any of these things.
  Star Wars will be Star Wars land.
  Avatar is Avatar land.
  Nobody uses the preferred nomenclature.
  Nobody calls I'm sure I've said on the podcast before but my favorite universal title water  world alive sea war spectacular.
  No one on the planet besides people being paid to be at Universal Studios call it.
  I think I maybe am I making this up with somebody.
  I think somebody like scolded me once like no no no it's not the water world stunt show.
  It's water world alive.
  Steve C.
 Ward spectacular.
  He had to be very explicit with that.
  I did forget that in Hollywood Universal Hollywood this was called Jurassic Park the ride though  initially I think because I probably rode the Orlando one so much which is called the  Jurassic Park River Adventure because it is in a section of the park that is supposed  to be Jurassic Park.
  So to do just drive the ride because that would sound weird would be redundant.
  Look there's so much to talk about in the title alone but there's more than just a sign  that tells you the name of the ride.
  There's an entire experience and Matt when we were talking about stuff you might want  to talk about you brought this up.
  I thought it was a fun idea but do you know is there a particular affection you have for  this attraction.
  Well I noticed when you guys talked about universal you guys always talk about the ride  the movies and to me Jurassic Park the ride is kind of like the pinnacle of what I want  out of a movie ride experience because I feel like it does a great job of giving you the  experience you get when you watch Jurassic Park because it has that moment like my favorite  part in this ride is like you go up the you know you go up the ramp and then you get dipped  down and then it's just like a slow with the music opens and then the gates open.
  It's like welcome to Jurassic Park like you want that Laura Dern Sam Neill moment where  you turn their heads you see the Brontosaurus you have that and then you see little things  go wrong and then it goes really wrong.
  So you have the whole adventure but it starts with just going to Jurassic Park which is  a place I've always wanted to go just like Pandora I like to be transported and I think  this does a great job of like transporting you to you know a world where dinosaurs walk  the earth with it's just all I've wanted since I was a child.
  Until something goes wrong which is a trope of all the Jurassic Park movies and a lot  of theme park rides in general it's like they start off fine and then something goes wrong.
  I guess it's especially universal ride the Jaws ride you know is a scenic tour of Amity  and then Jaws attacks attacks the boat and there's always there's often the mentioning  of problems that happened in the past but this time it will be different and then it  is not different.
  This isn't a the Jurassic Park right there it's not like they don't know about the movie  right we're in the world of it's not like this is where Jurassic Park was filmed.
  You're fully in it is an alternate universe Jurassic Park.
  Where the park is operating.
  Previews to at least a preview audience.
  Right because like John Hammond does the intro video and he's talking about Jurassic Park  and how great it is and there's people walking in and out like I guess they in the universe  they could have said like these are fake like these are people just for the promo ride but  the park it seems like it's open.
  The park.
  I believe it is not I think they reference Costa Rica as being an experiment that didn't  work out and we are in the Hollywood Jurassic Park branch and you watch the Orlando video  I think he says Orlando so John Hammond is opening different branches like the San Diego  location he was trying to open until the T-Rex got loose and destroyed the 76 ball and the  entire gas lamp district.
  Our most beloved San Diego landmarks.
  I love how both all of these parks at the open have like a chronic problem with Jeeps  going over the side of cliffs because that that's the only like movie reference that  I can really really think of is that the Jeep goes over the cliff and almost hits you then  it stops.
  So that's in the Hollywood Park in the Orlando Park and in the original Costa Rica Park.
  It's always teetering Jeeps.
  There's one Easter egg that's another direct reference to the movie and that's as you after  you go down the big drop and you come back to the loading area there is a small Barbasol  can yes that like the one Dennis Nedry was hiding DNA samples in.
  I gotcha.
  So in this world where it's two different parks like what are the odds that there's  a no why would there be another slimy programmer right who will overworked programmer I love  I do notice that there's one for the whole park.
  Yeah you can tell why the stress got him and why he maybe wanted to exact some revenge.
  Probably the money per hour not great also.
  No yeah they're probably working them pretty hard.
  Well what's interesting though is if what you're saying is that he's opened up satellite  locations then Jurassic World don't they don't even mention it so they've taken the ride  the ride is not in canon in the Jurassic World verse because they sit like they're talking  about sort of the original park but that original park never opened and they don't say well  what about the Hollywood location.
  Hollywood and Orlando and Singapore and Osaka are all going fine.
  I like the idea that he's also like this is just a much smaller park so it's like a Chili's  to go or an airport Chili's version of Jurassic Park it's very small like you can't do the  big massive expanse of the original so like that's a little bit and you throw a couple  dinosaurs and it's that's fine.
  We're gonna do one boat ride we don't have the space to do the orbs but we'll save that  for Jurassic World.
  And that's the budgetary reason why Dr.
 Alan Grant or Ian Malcolm or Sadler.
  Sadler.
  Kelly Sadler who also could not appear we just couldn't afford them.
  Well they're busy they're paleontologists they can't stand around in the river adventure  all day they have work to do.
  They have to run an entire campsite for fifty thousand dollars with ten employees I don't  know how that that worked out because you're the one that pays us fifty thousand dollars  it's like how you have a dozen people working for you what are you guys paying them.
  Is that the amount named in the movie?  I think they name like how much money he has is like fifty thousand dollars.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  The price of a really souped up pickup truck can can fund ten archaeologists or buy like  a pickup truck with very nice rims.
  Do you think that people who had relatives who died in Jurassic Park were angry when  this Hollywood location brazenly opened with the family of the lawyer upset Genaro what  was the lawyer's name.
  Oh yeah.
  Jen to narrow.
  Jenaro.
  I wonder if there were protests outside the Universal Studios gates this is insensitive  to the victims of the Costa Rica.
  Although maybe they I think it seems like they covered up right.
  Yeah that's right.
  Yeah they did not let the word get out of that Costa Rica.
  Right.
  That's why Jake Johnson in Jurassic World is so loves the first park it feels like he  doesn't know.
  I don't know if he knows what happened right.
  He doesn't say like that was the best part because all these people got east.
  I don't know.
  I don't think they know if they're working on the island.
  But Jake Johnson in the movie he's got the shirt on and he's like the original park that  was the best park which never opened but then that people died in that original park.
  That's like if someone wore an ironic shirt that said like Bush did 9-11 or something  right.
  Have you seen a person wearing an ironic shirt.
  No but I bet you I bet I could find one for sale on like even.
  I haven't did Jurassic Park like type shirt.
  Yeah.
  Jurassic Park was an inside engine is an inside job.
  I feel like that's the thing about Jurassic World I feel like that movie is like a reboot  of the idea where the movie Jurassic Park exists and then they figure out how to make  dinosaurs because everybody seems to love the movie Jurassic Park.
  In Jurassic World.
  That's true.
  But by the time this episode comes out the Fallen Kingdom trailer will have dropped and  Dr.
 Ian Malcolm does exist in this world because Jeff Goldblum is back for the Jurassic World  sequel.
  The timeline is all screwed up I think.
  Yeah.
  I think it's just we whatever.
  We can't get upset about that.
  If Jurassic World is a metaphor for the making of Jurassic World like let's try this bigger  one but why should or I'm sorry the making of that new dinosaur is like we need to do  something bigger and better because the audiences are getting bored.
  Did Jurassic World then go make like a small independent dinosaur that people were not  fond of that blew Jurassic World's shot to do other franchises.
  Did they try to make the Henry Soros.
  This is this metaphor track for the rest of certain directors career.
  That would be like a like a like you know they say dinosaurs have feathers now like  that's what they believe is that all dinosaurs are feathered.
  They made like a feathered dinosaur in the public's like we don't want this real dinosaur  we want like a scary lizard dinosaur.
  This is this is this but this is like the real dinosaurs they're actually four feet  tall and feathered and like nobody wants to like turn boring.
  They had the Henry Soros.
  He was three feet tall covered in feathers and like pooped out of its mouth instead of  its butt.
  This is an abomination to God killed Henry Soros.
  Wait is that a book of Henry.
  That's kind of what I'm getting at.
  This is as confused as the timelines in the Jurassic World franchise.
  Is the book of Henry explore the metaphor of the Jurassic World universe.
  I don't know I'm confused nobody poops out of their mouth in the in the movie but that's  how you feel when you've you've watched the movie you pooped out of your mouth.
  Anyway I shouldn't keep disparaging this film.
  What do I do?  Soon to be best picture winner.
  I know so little about this movie but I've heard it dragged left and right.
  So it's truly insane.
  I saw it in a surprisingly packed theater at the Glendale Americana and I wanted to  stand up and say to the audience like what are we doing.
  How are we all.
  We all paid money to experience this.
  Am I seeing the same movie you're seeing.
  Gosh so insane.
  It's a shame the characters from safety not guaranteed couldn't travel back in time.
  Anyway Travarro not involved in the making of Jurassic Park the ride but Steven Spielberg  was and in fact he was they they were developing this ride in conjunction with the movie like  Spielberg was so sure that this book like loved the book.
  I'm going to make a movie out of this.
  I think the movie is going to be a blockbuster.
  You should start thinking about a ride already which I think is a unique experience in theme  park development.
  When did the ride get released.
  When it was 1996 96 in Hollywood 99 in Orlando.
  Two years later in 2001 in Japan and then 2010 in Singapore.
  But that's a rapids ride not a shoot the shoot.
  This is apparently known as a shoot the shoot style ride not a log flume ride which has  smaller ride vehicles and multiple drops.
  I learned so there's not like a big white doesn't the climax in the same thing where  a big T-Rex appears and then there's a big drop at the or there is that but a smaller  drop because it's a rapid right.
  Yeah there it does.
  You do go into like an environmental safety building and there is like a small drop but  yeah like a much smaller one because rapids tend not to have like super big drops.
  Gotcha.
  Okay.
  Yeah but the and the other thing like the I think the knee jerk in doing a Jurassic  Park ride is probably to do something with the Jeeps.
  That's sort of the major vehicle obviously featured in the movie but I think a ride like  that would be very complicated and slow loading.
  So they thought of doing a boat ride because I guess there is a boat sequence in the original  Jurassic Park novel.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There's a pterodactyl like it's not unlike the thing that gets crashed into in Jurassic  World.
  There's a scene in the book or whatever.
  What would you call is a scene is a book have a scene.
  No.
  A chapter.
  A chapter an excerpt.
  Yeah.
  A book scene.
  Yeah.
  It's like a flume and that's where that crazy man crashes a helicopter in Jurassic World.
  Yeah.
  Is it the other way there is a sequence they were kind of they were like saving pterodactyls  from movie to movie like they sort of couldn't pull that off in the first Jurassic Park and  they were saving like a pterodactyl dome and probably couldn't pull although there's this  pterodactyls in Jurassic Park 3 correct.
  Yeah I believe so.
  But I think that dome sequence is kind of a nod to like that could have been in the first  Jurassic Park but they couldn't pull it off.
  Right.
  Right.
  I haven't read the book but I my dad had read both of them and he was like yeah the movie's  very different the characters are all much more unpleasant in the book and like different  people die.
  Yeah.
  The lawyer is like lawyer is like a buff guy in the book and he's like a sniveling guy  in the movie.
  Yeah.
  Like they're sort of different and that's lawyers for sure.
  And Hammond is like a real big son of a bitch in the book.
  He's a kindly old grandpa but he's like a mean old man.
  Doesn't he get eaten by the little guys.
  Yes.
  I think that's right.
  Oh really.
  Yeah.
  So there's a whole yeah they changed a bunch of stuff around.
  It was like a brutal death because I read that like when I was like in elementary school  because I loved the movie so much I read the book and then I remember like reading it it  was like the little guy bites his leg and then his leg goes numb and he's trying to  like run away and as he like it would basically what happened to the guy in Jurassic World  the bounty hunter he just like little bites to death by these little chicken sized dinosaurs.
  Yeah they made it brutal like a brutal death for John Hammond because I think he's sort  of like a villain in the book.
  He like the book cast him as a villain who's playing God and who is a monster kind of a  low key monster.
  Huh.
  But so that's a big decision in the movie to make him more kindly relatable.
  Santa Claus in the movie.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  The man who later played Santa Claus.
  Yeah that's a good move right or lateral do we like that.
  I don't know did you like it in the book.
  Is it better in the book that he's.
  I like I mean I get why he's not like that because it makes Jurassic Park a much like  they Malcolm I guess in the movie touches on like you know should you should we even  be doing this.
  But it makes it a much more like oh yes it is wonderful isn't it as opposed to like this  evil old man.
  It would be just a different movie.
  I don't know that I like it.
  Then you lose the flee circus monologue and you can't lose the flee circus.
  Yeah.
  It's it's it's just a sweet moment.
  Sure.
  It's kind of a sweet movie in general like in some trailers it's presented as like the  most terrifying thing you'll ever see.
  But you actually what like there's that that score is so sweet and majestic and yeah.
  There's probably a take on the on the dress work novel into a film that's like pure terror  in order from start to finish.
  Right.
  And other Crichton books are turned into movies are more just like harsh.
  Right right.
  So I mean I get why he did it and obviously it works.
  So yeah now we get a ride for it where you get to hear that John Williams score as you  enter and I think that's the point.
  That's the key that unlocks that.
  That's what I think Jurassic World is missing is that moment of like holy shit there's dinosaurs  like this is great.
  And that's because that's like the key that unlocks the movie.
  That's the key that unlocks this ride.
  Once you're on board with this is awesome.
  There's dinosaurs here.
  Then you can fall to the great terrors of being chased by raptors and tyrannosaurs.
  But that's just not in Jurassic World where it's just like oh this is a park now.
  Like let me ask you guys as as park heads what do you guys think of the depiction of the  Jurassic World future park.
  Oh I have a lot of thoughts on this.
  I've had it.
  Yeah I I liked it and I but I wish there was more like I like that they took a monorail  to get to the park like they took a monorail to get to the main part of the park.
  I like that the teenager was unhappy to be there and then they arrive at like a city  walk style shopping and dining area.
  I was very excited.
  There was a city walk in Jurassic World.
  I think that's why I I actually am not a big hater of Jurassic World and I think that's  why I think I like that there's like an IMAX theater.
  I'll forgive like bad characters and that bizarre harsh drowning of that woman because  there's I like that Jurassic World has an IMAX theater.
  Yeah and a Margaritaville.
  And a Margaritaville with Jimmy.
  Jimmy Buffett in the movie.
  A legit laugh and you get a laugh out of that I think watching the movie even before you  realize it's him.
  Although did you Mike when you watched the movie did you know it was Buffett right away?  I think I read that it was him so I knew what I was looking for.
  I see.
  So I was on a website.
  I'm on websites regularly that would tell me about a future Jimmy Buffett cameo in something.
  Did the websites tell you what flavor the margaritas were?  I don't think so but I think they were classic.
  I think they were classic.
  Classic lime.
  Yeah I think it's pretty easy to see.
  So now I think you may have not enjoyed Jurassic World because you're just waiting for that  cameo the whole movie.
  I was.
  I was a little too.
  I saw it in theaters like opening weekend and I just thought it was okay and then I  remember watching it like that Christmas with my family like with a fire or like just in  our pajama like it was like the most pleasant experience.
  It was a very enjoyable experience to watch it in that environment because I think everyone  was in the mood for a big movie and everyone was you know relaxed after the hubbub from  the holidays.
  So I'll see the next one.
  So watch it in your jammie jams and you'll love it.
  So what I like also I forgot I just remembered this on the Margaritaville website there is  a Isla Nublar Jimmy Buffett Margaritaville like kind of piece of marketing for the movie  but it makes it look like that's an actual location and it's a whole thing of like Jurassic  World eat at Jurassic World Jurassic World dining and then.
  Oh they built out a very corporate website like would be just on margaritaville.
com but  for Isla Nublar that's pretty cool.
  Isn't it ELA?  No well they.
  Same question about Isla Fisher or Isla Fisher.
  Here's a video from the like B roll or whatever you call from the movie where Buffett is horsing  around with some ladies and nothing nothing too weird but like just kind of goofing.
  Get a little dinosaur toy.
  Yeah.
  So this is like yeah there's like a face sprinkles cupcakes next to it within the oh Jimmy Buffett  bartending surprising some ladies with a little dinosaur puppet and he's got his hand up on  a fin making a fin like his song fins that you know.
  So go to so Google Isla Nublar Jurassic World and you know it's a little Easter egg treat  a little a nice little like universe expansion.
  Matt what's your feeling on Jurassic World.
  I thought it just it was it was weird because every part that was good was when they played  the music or showed a logo from the first Jurassic Park and like that was the only part  like I was emotional to do so it just kind of like felt you know it's like a greatest  hits and I like if you compare it to the ride the ride gives you all the nostalgia you want  for the movie but you don't have to you know sit there for two hours to do it it's a nice  clean five minute ride and it gives you like the entire story in a five minute ride whereas  this thing is like just so many side plots and weird stuff and and.
  My parents are getting a divorce.
  Yeah yeah yeah why this divorce story in this movie that's like Judy Judy Greer just wasted  in that movie.
  Yeah Lauren Lapkus do I wish very funny I wish had done more in the movie but she's  that part with her and Jake Johnson is in Mission Control is very funny where that was  very funny yeah yeah they got a big laugh in that yeah that's I think they're back for  the sequel.
  I also do I like those characters.
  I have a question about when you talk about like theme park references in the movie I  think I like that there's this when you when you go on this orb attraction that you watch  a safety video obviously I'm obsessed with the theme park safety videos and that you  watch one starring Jimmy Fallon which I just found a behind the scenes of the shows that  they shot it at Studio 8H where they do Saturday Night Live so they're like filming it's like  essentially an SNL sketch custom for the Jurassic World orb ride with with Jimmy Fallon.
  But my question is like it's that that it's sort of hokey it's like you know Jimmy Fallon  getting sprayed by tar and then like something getting lit lit on fire it's like it was kind  of like little science gone awry sequence.
  And my question was like was it a little lame on purpose because theme park ride videos  are always a little lame or were they committing hard to a where they try to make like a very  funny original Jimmy Fallon sketch.
  Was it like self aware that like these things are always a little stupid.
  I'll give them I'm going to am going to give them a little credit that they were self aware  that they were like laying it on thick because sometimes these videos are laid on pretty  thick and like theme park videos have to have they can't exactly be like dense verbal humor.
  It's probably going to be people getting hurt because people of who speak all languages  are watching these videos and kids to 80 and yeah yeah yeah.
  I thought those things were well done though and I liked that like of course if Jurassic  World existed Jimmy Fallon would do the video like he hosts the Universal Tour here in Hollywood.
  Well and actually now that we're talking about it actually to give Jurassic World credit  the maybe one of the truest things about this movie is that the only thing that's fresh  is they have like a take on theme parks that they actually like say this is what we think  theme parks are now and will be in the future.
  So that was like the only like original thought is like what if there's orbs and of course  there's going to be a Margaritaville in this.
  Yeah like if there was a real Jurassic Park they did a good job of making it seem like  it would be modeled after the parks of today.
  Right.
  Did a good job of doing that.
  And there was an arms race element of like we got to have a new attraction you know we  got to have a bigger dinosaur people are you know getting sick of these old ones the sponsors  or didn't they say like Verizon wants to sponsor a big dinosaur or something.
  It may have been you know marketing or like you know corporate synergy or whatever like  the Fallon tie in and stuff but like that is a reality of theme park.
  So I agree with you I did like that that was in there.
  What would you guys say is is the analog between dinosaurs and rides in Disneyland is like  so it's like the Tyrannosaurus is that the space mountain of Jurassic Park.
  You mean like the high ticket the biggest attraction.
  Yeah like what was that question.
  Oh interesting.
  Well you got you know Jurassic World has the petting zoo with the triceratops and that's  more of a that's more of a kiddie ride.
  That's like the teacups.
  Or me that's like meeting Winnie the Pooh maybe.
  Yeah that's Winnie meeting Pooh and his friends.
  Thing for the little ones.
  Yeah.
  With that.
  Well obviously that that giant crazy aquatic dinosaur eating the shark is the equivalent  to Universal's Waterworld Alive Sea War spectacular.
  Sure.
  Thank you for showing it its proper respect.
  Absolutely.
  I'm not watering that name down it's a beautiful name.
  Oh my god by the way I got to make a quick side jump.
  Do you know if it's true Mike because we're both wrestling guys.
  Yeah.
  That Chris Daniels is doing Waterworld now.
  Wait what?  The stunt show?  I heard that he's playing the Deacon.
  Is he really?  I've heard that I don't know if it's true but I've seen pictures of Chris Daniels as  the Deacon.
  Oh my god.
  Yeah.
  Chris Daniels is our impending wrestler.
  I mean works for Ring of Honor and other places but.
  Been around forever.
  Great wrestler.
  You guys know that I know a Deacon right.
  The Deacon is Dennis Hopper correct?  Yes.
  Yes.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  We got to talk about this at some point.
  A guy worked to the cone a bunch Greg Dolph.
  Great dude and he is a Deacon and has been since they opened.
  So maybe he's welcomed this wrestler into the Deacon family.
  Yeah I believe that's not a bad gig because I think they are in like the stunt man union  and so it's like consistent.
  So there's benefits.
  Like a little bit of consistent work and stuff.
  Good for them.
  They're covered.
  I mean here from just a Google search there's a video that says Christopher Daniels as Deacon  in the Waterworld Stunt Show and this is from last year.
  And Christopher Daniels is a.
  Wrestler.
  Independent wrestler.
  Yeah he's been around for like 20 years on the independent.
  Oh wow.
  He never made it in the WWE but he's really really great.
  There he is yeah he's a great wrestler.
  Is he bald already or does he have to wear a bald cap to be bald already?  He's bald already.
  Perfect.
  That's probably why they thought of him.
  Wow.
  It's a good day for bald caps and prosthetics to be reapplied every day.
  Especially in a water park ride.
  Oh yeah yeah they'll be wear and tear on that.
  Hey just like the wear and tear on these dinosaurs in the Jurassic Park ride.
  It is pretty crazy when you think about you know whatever the whatever the skin is made  of on these dinosaur robots that it's this it's foam rubber that has to stay flexible  despite getting wet all day.
  And when it's pretty insane that they turn the technology around from when they made  Jurassic Park where you what you watch this crazy behind the scenes footage footage of  people have seen it they were listening that you if you watch the T.
 Rex robot in the making  of Jurassic Park that when it would get wet because all the scenes involve rain it would  like shiver and shake like it was like it was like it was like the T.
 Rex got sick and  there's all this crazy footage of PAs just like padding down the T.
 Rex with towels.
  They like they didn't think about how this was going to work.
  So it's just like small hand towels.
  Let's dry off that T.
 Rex and then three years later they have a ride where these dinosaurs  have to get wet all day every day.
  It's what they do and they all they all look great.
  They upkeep on that ride is fantastic.
  Yeah I mean there's been times when you go in and there's just a big tarp over one of  these dinosaurs.
  Really?  The majestic like majestic Jurassic Park theme and then like there's a big just big like  if as if they're fumigating a house sized tent over one of these long neck dinosaurs  and you're like oh wait that's that kind of kills the the sick.
  That is what they yeah yeah they he's been quarantined.
  So I know they did a refresh on it a couple years ago I think because they were having  some issues and I feel like dinosaurs felt like they were melting a little bit.
  I feel like there's that that duck bill dinosaur that that that squirts water out of his nose  like when you take that turn you come around the out of the cave and I feel like he was  gone for a while but they would still play his like sound effects.
  Oh yeah yeah.
  I was just like it was just it was very because it was a it was a very empty because he's  a big feature so it's like a very empty turn without him there because you're just like  hearing him and not seeing him.
  And he you're right but you're saying right before the turn happens right the dinosaur  Hedrasaur Cove before you go into Hedrasaur Cove.
  My friends and I had a long running bit of like can't wait to ride Jurassic Park ride  go see all our buds the dinosaurs in Hedrasaur Cove and that's when it goes wrong that's  when you get knocked off track.
  To continue Matt's metaphor what's Hedrasaur Cove in the Disney park or in or in theme  park where like a cool ride that's often broken.
  The storybook canal boats.
  Sure great.
  The Hedrasaur Cove.
  Incredibly inconvenient to operate.
  There you go well a quick answer.
  Yeah Jason got it.
  Thank you.
  I feel like the Jeep you mentioned earlier the Jeep that falls down and splashes in the  water is also an indicator of like wait have they done upkeep recently because that doesn't  have to work like that can just be hanging off and it reads like it makes sense.
  It doesn't always crash.
  Yeah it doesn't always crash down.
  It's like the train which is was not functioning for a long time at Disneyland.
  Oh yeah.
  That's that metaphor.
  We'll break it all down.
  And well the other thing I got to ask you guys about this one what do you guys think  about the little the little Disney hats that float in the water.
  That's a fun.
  I always think that's really I was at some point think like how is that still here.
  How is like Disney not had a problem with this.
  I wonder if because I think if there's are they I wonder if their actual Disney license  or they're I mean they probably mocked him up unless they went to the park in his bottom  and threw him in the water.
  They're ovals they're not perfectly right.
  So they're technically off brand.
  Yeah if they're like technically off brand they can do it.
  Because I feel like Disney would get litigious if like there was a diner that made pancakes  that looked like like sure we were together like.
  So the fact that they're not like attacking universal because it's still there.
  I thought it'd be like I'd see it one time and then it'd be gone like somebody's having  a yeah.
  But it's like a part of the ride that some Disney fans got drowned and killed by these  Raptors.
  Yeah right.
  Universal's always been a little more bribe all the little more cheeky with their sense  you little edgy little.
  Isn't there a part in the Avatar ride where a banshee tears Woody Woodpecker apart.
  Yeah the beloved character the beloved licensed character Woody Woodpecker.
  You see stray Woodpecker beak hats lying around the Kingdom of Pandora.
  Then like the mummy sees like a like there's like a little Indiana Jones silhouette the  mummy thumbs over the shoulder that makes a Jake jerk off motion at him.
  He's like this guy like yeah there's a lot of like oh god.
  The whole Simpson ride is goofing on Disney too.
  That's true.
  So I guess maybe it's just like all right it's there's a like a ceasefire on both parts.
  Yeah well they also are the plucky underdogs in the LA theme park.
  Well none's more plucky than Knott's Berry Farm but they're not as very plucky.
  Yeah it's like an attribute.
  It's the pluckleberry pie.
  It's the plucky underdog that is owned by NBC Universal at Comcast NBC Universal and  what's the one from 30 Rocks?  Shine Heart wig company.
  Hey well what else about this ride?  We mentioned Hadrosaur Cove.
  Any other moments that I mean it's cool you get to you get spit out by a spitter.
  What's just moments from this ride that we enjoy?  Well this is more an anecdote than anything else.
  When the first ride opened in Hollywood like there were actors from the movie that like  Jeff Goldblum was there.
  Steven Spielberg was there and the story goes apparently like they rode the ride and then  stopped it at the top of the drop to let Mr.
 Spielberg off and then the boat went down  which come on Steven children ride this thing suck it up do it once.
  I don't think there's anything wrong with that.
  And Scott doesn't like these drops either like Mr.
 Spielberg.
  By not doing the drop I'm experiencing the ride the way Spielberg intended.
  I'm subscribing to his auteur theory.
  But that means you're just in limbo you're just in hell.
  You don't escape the dinosaur you're just under the dinosaur in the falling pipes forever.
  How do you make it out you just like you just sadly walk away scarred by the experience  forever.
  You've been on this ride though.
  I did do it once and that was plenty.
  I was terrified still scarred.
  The commonality between all the like when I had girlfriends who made me man up and go  on these rides I would do them.
  But now that I have a wife who's nice who doesn't boss me around I don't have to go  on any ride I don't want to.
  Aaron make Scott go on the Jurassic Park ride.
  No I'm talking directly to you Aaron.
  Out.
  It's like Scott's parade Scott's platoon of mean girlfriends.
  That he's also bragging about all these girlfriends.
  Bloody dog.
  I've gone around I've had three girlfriends in my life.
  Dozens of times so you know I've had a few.
  A different girlfriend for every time.
  Yeah well I think I before my wife I had two girlfriends.
  And I think I went on scary flume rides two times before.
  Would you play it cool.
  Like if they were like hey let's go on Splash Mountain or something would you kind of go  like oh yeah yeah cool whatever I don't that's fine yeah I love Splash Mountain or would  you have to kind of be tucked into it.
  I'd be doing curls the entire time and like getting up on those on the you know the the  the poles that separate the line and just like doing doing pushes off of those.
  But would you let them know that you didn't like it or would you just play it cool and  like inside you were terrified.
  Oh yeah how how would I play that.
  I don't think I tricked them I don't think I'm not sure my performing skills were particularly  sharp I think I'd.
  I mean because I have you get legit terror in your eyes when you're doing these things.
  I remember seeing Mortal Kombat when I was younger and I'm if you figure out how old  I was it was probably older like 13 or something but I was scared in the movie very scared  and like I tried to play it cool and I just kept asking questions to my friend the whole  movie and he was so mad and I thought I was playing it cool but it was very clear I wasn't.
  Was it Goro because Goro is pretty scary he's a very whole thing I thought people were going  to die I had never seen an R rated movie in the theater before maybe never saw an R rated  movie zero rule follower.
  I follow the rules.
  I hope you didn't see any R rated movies before you were 18.
  I snuck into Event Horizon.
  Oh great time.
  What's bad boy Mizani over here.
  Don't respect fast pass laws or the MPAA and our two most powerful institutions in this  country.
  Now I was very scared of the ring like I was 15 and like for two nights afterwards I had  trouble sleeping from the American version of the ring.
  Sure with Naomi was scary.
  Well that's at least a scary movie.
  I guess so yeah.
  Mine is Mortal Kombat it's like PG-13 and they can't really show much gore and like  whatever.
  Goro is weird looking and I think there's something unsettling about him.
  Oh yeah for sure.
  Everything about the movie is a little unsettling they're on an island with like the people  that run the island have all masks on and it's very like it's very like proto eyes wide  shut but with fighting so it's like a weird adventure that they're on.
  That's true but I don't think I was up there.
  That's true I guess.
  You're trying to give them the benefit of the doubt.
  You're trying to help me out here I appreciate it.
  I was scared of the yell.
  Mortal Kombat!  I've never seen the films or played the games because I'm just if I'm just passing through  an arcade and I hear that scary yell I gotta go hide in the bathroom for a while.
  Did a girlfriend ever make you try to make you play Mortal Kombat?  Scott get over there.
  I can do this.
  You're Raiden I'm sub-zero Scott.
  No I know I know all kinds of attacks.
  On Jurassic Park I always think because like this is one of those where there's like two  tracks and you go off the wrong track.
  It's like you're going the bad way and I've kind of always kind of tried to figure out  what the good because they didn't build it but what is the good track because where does  the T-Rex go?  Like we see where there would be like the raptor cages but what would the end of the  ride be if it was a normal ride?  You have to see the T-Rex but it wouldn't be in the context that we see him now where  he's just exploding out of a like a vent or something.
  He would we would have to like just see him and that would be the end of the ride right?  They would have taken you so you go all the way up to the top of this building and then  it would have like hit a view of Universal Studios and there would have been one sound  stage that they took the roof off of and the T-Rex would have been just wandering around  in the sounds contained in the sound stage like a cage.
  Eating a goat leg.
  So in the you would have seen it from hundreds and hundreds of feet away from up but you  would have just had a view of a Tyrannosaurus.
  So you're saying it's also a drop ride in the origin in the narrative of the ride it's  also a drop ride or is it not?  They would have lowered you down very very slowly or let you up at the top the drop would  have had like Spielberg intended they would have let you off at the top then the drop  was just where they deliver the boats back to be reloaded again.
  Okay yeah that was just like a boat delivery system after you'd seen the contained T-Rex  but unfortunately the track things go awry you have to take the plunge which was never  intended for a human to go on.
  I'm glad that Spielberg got off the ride and just walked down and let everybody else do  the drop because I could also imagine a world where they make a bunch of employees like  hold ropes and let the boat go down very slowly at the drop just like very slowly going down.
  So they can get a picture perfect moment.
  And then they pause it's all like shaking holding these ropes and Spielberg's like  ah like faking it.
  I guess Spielberg like escaping through a side door off camera is kind of what happens  with Beatty Wong's character how he escapes the first movie to live to Jurassic World  where he's evil now.
  Yeah.
  Yeah he's bad.
  He's bad.
  Drink the Kool-Aid.
  As opposed to the first movie where he's just kind of there.
  He exists.
  He's a scientist.
  He's a scientist.
  When he walked out in Jurassic World I felt like there was like a hold for a gasp and  I did not gasp.
  I didn't remember who he was.
  It took me a second.
  I associate him more now with Law and Order because he was a CSI guy.
  Every episode of Law and Order you gasp.
  I gasp.
  BD.
  I gasp every time they go chung chung.
  They should change the name to Law and Order BDU.
  BD's unit.
  A thing I like about the ride is that it is because like Jurassic Park all the rides experiences  are all very museum or zoo like.
  There's not really an exciting element which is a thing I kind of like about Jurassic World  because I feel like they're thinking a little bit more sure we have dinosaurs but we also  are going to give you like a thrill a little bit of a thrill.
  It's a bit there's sort of a it's like Epcot.
  There's two thrill attractions but also a lot of museums right slow moving.
  Yeah hydroponic plant displays.
  Yeah I feel like there there has been a lot of speculation about like you know Universal's  got all this land in Orlando where they're probably going to build a third park and like  Jurassic World was such a huge hit.
  They will make very likely build a Jurassic World section and that hey that orb sequence  like that's tailor made to be built.
  I think we might be traction in real life.
  We might be riding in orbs before we know it in Orlando.
  Actually that would be a great plus it up for the Animal Kingdom Safari Rides.
  You're in that big truck.
  If you could go around in an orb and look at rhinocerai that would be that's like because  I was thinking of where would I where would I want this orb in a natural park setting  and that's the only place I could think is the Safari Animal Kingdom.
  Right because you can get closer then to the animals.
  Yes.
  The future of theme parks is orbs.
  Calling it now.
  Just take the BB8 technology and make that something you can sit in and that's the end  that's how you make orbs.
  Call the BB8 people you'll figure it out.
  I could also see orbs being like a like a like a fast pass option so if you don't want  like because I hate being in crowds it's one thing that a really packed amusement park  makes me very like nervous people and I can like I if I if I bump into a kid the kid will  die like that you know.
  So it's like so I was worried but if I got to be in an orb and like you know everybody  has to stand aside from the orbs and you have your own personal orb space you go to the  front of the line you hop out of the orb you go to the ride so I would do like a like a  fast pass orb option.
  You would love just being an orb most of your life it sounds like.
  I could live like that.
  Jason apparently agrees.
  Just step out outside sometimes into a bathing orb and then back into a.
  Give me those orbs baby.
  Beam in the womb.
  I did not find the answer to this question but Michael Crichton has Westworld he has  Jurassic Park.
  What is is was Crichton a theme park guy like or like or did he just sort of think about  how horrible these because it seems like he has a negative feeling about theme parks because  both of his properties are them going horribly wrong.
  I don't think he was a pleasant man.
  I feel like I feel like he's also like at the end of his life he got real into global  warming and I forget whether it was a hoax or that he said it was a hoax.
  Yeah yeah he got really was very conservative.
  Like yeah yeah.
  Oh no.
  He weighed he with all his conspiracy theories about genetics.
  He doesn't think the real thing is happening.
  Yeah I guess he didn't toward the end of his life.
  Wow yeah.
  He was like an early like before Reddit came along and like if Reddit probably would have  like sapped all his creative energy out like writing conspiracy theories for Reddit but  instead he just like wrote these novels of his conspiracy theories then he just kind  of went off the rails.
  He's on that Scott Adams smoking whatever Scott Adams is smoking.
  He's like lucky he died before this like time where we just like entertain all thoughts  and all thoughts get an equal seat at the table.
  Now he wouldn't have made blockbuster novels.
  He would have just gotten a lot of Reddit gold.
  Yeah well he picked the right time to be.
  Yeah.
  The also he sort of predicted like immersive with Westworld predicted immersive theme park  experiences like we're about to get with Star Wars Galaxy's Edge where you're like a character.
  You the guest are playing a consistent character and the other people in the park know who  you are which apparently is how this thing is going to be.
  But Crichton was that's one thing he got right.
  He predicted Star Wars Galaxy's Edge but not global warming.
  We'll see which one gets here first.
  Yeah.
  A race neck and neck.
  The day that the floodwaters pour over the barely the opening in a week Star Wars Galaxy's  Edge and we don't get to go on it.
  Oh no.
  Well get that get that thing open Disney.
  Crichton in heaven is just giving a 20 to Walt Disney just like no you're right.
  Hey you know what else the theme park nerds I bet I bet you've been storing up anger about  this thing.
  You've probably talked to therapists about it or something.
  You remember I'm sure you had this feeling when you were a kid when you watched Jurassic  Park and John Hammond very explicitly says when Disneyland opened in 1956 which all we  all the most basic theme park facts that Disneyland opened in 1955.
  How bizarre is that that they leave that in the movie.
  He says yes so explicitly almost as if to mock me young theme park nerd Scott Gardner.
  I also have a very distinct memory of having a bunch of action figures for this movie well  before I saw the movie and they all came with different kinds of guns.
  And then when I watched the movie I was like where are the guns.
  And the reality is you if you sell someone an action a child an action figure you got  to give it a bunch of stuff to hold.
  But in all fairness yeah by the end of this movie every character should have a giant  fucking gun.
  Like there's a reason there's multiple arcade games where you are.
  You're set in Jurassic World and you have a giant gun because like yeah they should  have been blowing those dinosaurs away by the end.
  It didn't happen.
  One guy gets a gun and he gets eaten before it and then at the end I think like Laura  Dern is like holding one in a weird way or like as they're running to a helicopter someone  else has it and like throws it away at the end or like it's never acknowledged.
  Like why aren't there guns everywhere.
  The PG-13 nature of the movie the reason there's not a ton of dinosaur murders happening.
  Yeah but that was the early 90s like Sam Jackson is smoking at every other shot on the TV.
  Oh yeah true.
  Again different time.
  I like that if we were to interview both of you guys after the movie and you were young  kids that your grievance Scott would be they got the Disneyland year off by one and Jason's  like where were all the guns.
  But if I'd had a little eight year old girlfriend I would have been like I wanted more guns.
  I'm as tough as Jason.
  Eventually I got older and like oh guns are not purely the world of exclusive to the world  of Hollywood entertainment.
  They are a nightmare plague that haunts America.
  Sure.
  Had Spielberg then learned his gun lesson because he famously for a special edition  of ET took the guns out and replaced them with walkie talkie so maybe at this point  he had learned.
  Well Tom Cruise there's a very important shot in Were the Worlds where Tom Cruise  loads up a revolver when they're evacuated.
  So that was and then he pulls it on civilians.
  I think although I think after like a freaked out cop pulls I don't know.
  It's a weird thing that were the world's movies.
  Fucking weird.
  I'm just imagining the velociraptor scene with the guy like slowly pulling out his walkie  talkie to talk to him instead of like the gun and then the Raptor pops out of the clever  girl scene.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Replace it on the Blu-ray with a walkie talkie.
  I'm going to go in there find the Raptor tell someone on my walkie talkie.
  Clever girl.
  It says it into the walkie talkie.
  Yeah.
  And then that's it.
  I would like to also praise this robot this dinosaur robot this T-Rex robot.
  It's awesome.
  It is still awesome.
  It's 20 years old but whenever I went on this last probably a year ago or something it's  crazy like it's top we're talking about top animatronics like this this thing scares the  shit if I'm in the front row I am scared like I'm almost as scared as that ball at Indiana  Jones like it's just as invasive as that.
  Yeah absolutely.
  Ten thousand pounds is the fact I heard in a making of special.
  You also put on the making of specials.
  There's a couple good ones you can find on YouTube and you get to the fun of watching  the T-Rex get airlifted into the building like dangling off of a helicopter and then  installing it.
  Fully scanned.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And then it's just like open air just drops down into the building because I imagine that  thing's probably like it's up in the rafters so they had to lay it's like part of the structure  like that robot that doesn't work in Expedition Everest.
  The Yeti yeah.
  Mm hmm.
  Mm hmm.
  Yeah the T-Rex well it's also just that and the Indiana Jones ride.
  I love this idea of like compounding the biggest fear with the biggest fear is really great  because even if you weren't scared of the rock or the T-Rex the drop would be scary  and you're not scared to drop but you're scared of the T-Rex like it's like it covers all  your fear bases.
  It's so I love the finish this ride.
  Yeah it is sort of stealing that climax Indiana Jones in a little way and it's a combination  of Splash Mountain and Indiana Jones.
  It's a very very impressive scary thing coming at you coupled with that drop moment.
  And then the drop makes you feel like physically the fear you feel from like makes you feel  like you're dying.
  Isn't that what it's meant to represent?  Some guests in 1996 had a particularly scary drop experience when right at that moment  before the drop and when the T-Rex comes down they were doused in hydraulic fluid like that  happened really soon after the opening of the ride.
  And yeah I don't think anybody like I'm not sure if anyone was permanently hurt but a  lot of people went to the hospital and it was a big mess for like within the first couple  months of the of the ride being open.
  I remember hearing the wrong version of that story though where the the spitter the dilapidator  is like a spit hydraulic fluid at the guests and they which is not what happened.
  That would have been pretty crazy if what happened to Nedry happened in real life.
  But still imagine doing that drop and you're like you're blind and you might think that  was like part of it.
  Like like is this how it's supposed to be?  I'm covered in tar.
  Yeah yeah well they worked out those kinks.
  That doesn't happen anymore.
  And all those people will just blame their ex-girlfriends for years for making them go  on that ride and they're blind and they think about that every time.
  I'm tough I can drink hydraulic fluid.
  Here on the on the lighter end of odd rumors the this you there's a thing you can watch  on YouTube the the there was a live E special from 1996 of the opening of this ride.
  Did you guys run across this thing?  Oh yeah I saw a little bit of it.
  E entertainment news covered this thing.
  The opening of the ride live you get to watch Spielberg and Jeff Goldblum light the torch  to like start the fire on the Jurassic Park gate and all the biggest stars come out for  the opening.
  Why David Hasselhoff and Noah Wiley and Marg Helgenberger Sam Elliott is there wearing a  big black and white shirt with the picture of the Beatles on it.
  And it's tucked into his jeans.
  Amazing.
  Oh you gotta have the screen print tuck.
  Sam Elliott pioneered it in 1996.
  But it's a really fun special to watch and covered in like that bad like that sort of  that bad pseudo techno that he would use a lot of the time that very just like didn't  didn't do it very like RuPaul cover girl music.
  The aesthetics were incredible in the 90s but the special is hosted by downtown Julie  Brown and a guy who I didn't recognize named Jerry Penacoli.
  And he's just kind of this like you just sort of this this kind of meathead guy in a bowling  shirt and he's like fun and affable.
  And I was like there's something odd about this fella and I googled him and unfortunately  one of the first things you find when you Google this guy is that he was one of the  first prominent people to be referenced in relation to juggling.
  What? before Richard Gere was saddled with this odd rumor this man who went on to it  didn't destroy his career he went on to host the Jurassic Park the Ride opening special.
  I guess we should for those listeners who don't know what juggling is we may as well  explain Matt would you like to.
  We're all in our guests do it.
  Let's be polite.
  Yeah.
  We're all men of a certain age who have grew up with this rumor.
  Of course.
  It sounds like a callback to when we talked about Byron Allen's the ride for us.
  So now you got us.
  You were going to tell us what juggling was.
  You know I got a dribble home.
  I always buy him these different toys right.
  You know I got toys I'm going to buy them you know they love the they love the wheels  they love the little little grass and you know what they love the most they love tubes  and that had me thinking you know I ran out of tube to go to but I'm not going to finish.
  You transported us to the Byron Allen show I could see a fish tank behind you.
  That was good.
  Anyway so Jerry Penacoli I don't know if that's an untrue rumor I hope it didn't I hope he  wasn't terribly thrown astray from his journalism goals by whatever bizarre thing right.
  Well for the dribble sake I hope those rumors are unfounded.
  That's a tough life.
  Yeah that dribble is with us today.
  We will eventually do a thing one on a whole episode on these opening ceremonies because  they are just the clunkiest weirdest things full of celebrities and stiff jokes that don't  land confusing realities pyro that doesn't really pop in the light of the day.
  The Guardian's one where it's like Vinicius del Toro clearly hit had some shots of that  tequila he flucks before taking the stage.
  What else in Jurassic Park world.
  We haven't talked about Florida where which is this expanded Jurassic Park land but those  other rides are sort of not anything to write home about.
  There's yeah there's that one where it's I've never been on it because I'm kind of scared  of my legs dangling on a ride I think I mentioned this before.
  It's that like pterodactyl what do you call it coaster even but it's very slow.
  I think it's the pterodon flyers.
  Okay that works pterodon flyers.
  I always wanted to go on that.
  That sounds like a local hockey team.
  Yeah that's a good point.
  I always want to go on that when I was younger but it doesn't have a big capacity.
  When the park first opened it had like an hour two hour wait to do this kiddie like  dangling ride and then as the years went on and got less popular they were just like you  can only this is one of the few rides where they go like you can only ride this if you're  a kid because I think it's got some height restrictions.
  Oh I think you can't be too tall for it.
  See I'm done with dangle rides after I had a Tatsu incident at Six Flags.
  Really?  Yeah.
  Well do you guys know of Tatsu?  I've ridden Tatsu.
  It's a fun coaster but it's basically you get strapped in and then the whole gimmick goes  up so you're flying like Superman your belly's towards the ground and then you just like and  then you fly around and it's really fun but and we always loved it and then one time I  went up and I go and everybody's like all right snap in so I snap it down and it just  like bangs off the clip doesn't clip it just bounces bounces and they're like all right  here we go.
  And I go hey hey I stopped everybody and he goes like oh okay he walks over he hits the  top twice and then it snaps in and he goes all right let's go and I was like that didn't  like make me feel good and this is like the number one ride if you imagine like if it  broke apart you would like there's one like.
  Face down you're going face down.
  You're going face down and there's like there's like a loop where you get like where you're  like get slung to the outside so you could literally fly 400 feet from the thing.
  Just fall into a Santa Clarita housing development straight through a chimney right into a forest  fire.
  And yes so I can't do tattoo anymore now because like I was like clinging like death grip on  the thing like imagining it was going to open.
  Did you feel like it could have if you hadn't been doing that I mean I would be doing the  same thing I mean he gave the the here we go without me even on the thing.
  But the worst that would have happened I would have like the because we've done that I would  just fell on my face in the station which would have been that would have been pretty  funny for your legs are locked in to you could have gotten dragged by the legs.
  I feel like that is why because of like shoulder harness failure like that a lot of them have  a simple like seat belt sort of thing where like if the if the latch goes up at least  the seat belt like catches it.
  Yeah there was like no catch.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah but it is a fun ride.
  It's a very unique it's a very unique experience.
  I've never been on another coaster like or ride like that where you do you are feeling  that sensation.
  Yeah the one the one moment in that where you go what would be like an upside down loop  to loop but you're but you're facing forward so like when you get to the bottom of it you're  like flying on your like your the G force are going down on your back.
  It's really it's a fun coaster but I can't do it anymore.
  I'll still do X2.
  Right.
  I'm really glad you didn't get flung out of the ride and you're here to here to tell the  tale.
  Yeah I used to work with a guy who worked at like when he was a teenager worked at Magic  Mountain and like very very casually told us a story to me that was insane which was  like you know it's like oh yeah we were like 15 16 and some of us used to operate Colossus  which is like a giant wooden coaster.
  I believe now it's a giant wooden steel combo coaster and he's like yeah we'd show off for  the girls like yeah we'd see what we could get away with so we'd ride Colossus without  the lap bars down and see who could hold on and I'd be like that's fucking crazy.
  Like it's like you you are out of your mind.
  That's one of those moments where he's like yeah we used to do this like that feels like  you know in old movies where they're like and now we're we're gonna go up and race it's  suicide curve.
  That's our theme park version of suicide Cove is now putting your belt on.
  There's videos of like Tower of Terror with people not with the belt on.
  And they're just kind of like like they're going off the seat like there's a little error.
  They're hitting air on the not hitting the ceiling.
  It's no no it's not.
  It wouldn't be that bad if they if you have your.
  Well that's the original commercials for Tower of Terror are people standing in an elevator  and they're standing and it drops.
  And I was like God I guess you could die if you go on this ride.
  Like we talked about this before like we were so committed.
  We love these so much as kids.
  We bought the realities where it's like okay there is a chance we could die but it's really  fun.
  I wasn't scared.
  I'd do any of this.
  I'd do any of them.
  Easy Scott.
  Easy cool guy Scott.
  I never buckle up.
  One of the.
  Save it for your platoon of ex-girlfriends.
  One of the other things they've been doing around the ride at Universal Hollywood at  least probably in Florida too is that they have this crazy Raptor.
  Now have you seen this?  They have like a little Raptor.
  I haven't actually.
  And it's kind of I think there's a there's a person in the suit but it's crazy looking.
  Like it really if you like squinted you'd be like there's a fucking Raptor and like  everyone takes photos with them and they have a handler much like Chris Pratt.
  I'm trying to think of his character's name though.
  Chris Pratt in Jurassic World.
  Someone help me out here.
  He's always named.
  He's one of those like.
  Sergeant Jack Arms.
  It's Owen.
  His name is Owen.
  I know his first name but I don't know his name.
  Owen Declan or something.
  Owen.
  Owen Sully.
  Jack Coolman.
  But there's a trainer who does the like the hand and whatever and like trains a Raptor.
  But it's very good.
  It's very effective.
  If I was a little kid it would have scared the shit out of me.
  We're in the golden age of dinosaur puppets right now.
  It's amazing what they do and like that I would love some version of that in the Hollywood  whatever the park or part of the ride or I don't know.
  The Raptor is in Hollywood.
  This one is in Hollywood.
  They have it in Hollywood now.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh I haven't been in a little bit.
  So yeah.
  There's a prime and Megatron.
  There's a Raptor over on the lower lot.
  Those are great suits too.
  Those are very good suits.
  Universal killing the suit game.
  I want to see some minions walking around.
  Minions sized.
  Oh minions sized.
  No yeah I want them correct.
  I want them like actually two feet tall.
  You want them grown in a lab.
  You want freaks of nature wandering the park.
  Yeah I want them to be alive.
  I don't want them to be a puppet or a robot or a trick.
  I want little minions running around my legs.
  How about two like you get a bunch of dogs on their hind legs and you put the suits on  them that way.
  That's their only choice to walk.
  They have to find their own equilibrium on their hind legs.
  I can't believe you would not be impressed if there was minion sized robots in the park.
  You just said you'd be scoffing robots.
  I'd be impressed but I but wouldn't it be better to know that they're alive and have  to be fed bananas by the pound and that they could like they could get sick.
  They could experience emotions they can love.
  I want universal to breed minions.
  We're talking about Jurassic Park and genetics.
  Let's make it happen.
  Play God universal.
  It's time the theme park games getting competitive and the only way for you to win is for you  to breed real minions.
  I mean we're all speechless after that.
  We don't have we all agree with it.
  We all had our hands on our hearts while Scott was making it.
  I stood up on the chair and with my by fist facing God as I made this I felt like Dr.
  Frankenstein.
  I'm a minion I say he inspired by John Hammond's example universal and just remember though  that life will find a way and the millions will either kill us or start you know having  more minions.
  We'll have to just like this movie quarantine Universal Studios Hollywood because it has  been overrun by minions and hope that nobody goes inside and finds the kingdom of the minions  of concession works go back and like where are all the goddamn bananas.
  I don't know then they get attacked by minions.
  There could be a crossover movie.
  Yeah a terrifying minion attack film in real life.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Hmm.
  I'd watch that.
  This is a universe.
  This is a multiverse that I can get behind.
  They'd probably just tack it onto the dark universe at this point.
  They'll still do the dark universe but it's Phantom of the Opera the mummy and minions  who are now scared.
  They aren't scary and despicable me but in these they're like they're crazy rabid creatures.
  Yes.
  Why not.
  If we wait 10 years we could live long enough to see Disney Universal which will eventually  become a super conglomerate merge and then see porgs versus minions no matter who wins  we lose aliens versus predator rules you know.
  Oh they they like fight each other and like bite at each other with rabid fangs and then  maybe do they all like sort of get up on top of each other and form mega creatures like  form Ultron of.
  Absolutely and there's some forgettable human characters called like Riley and Ace and they're  like X S.
A.
S.
 whatever your whatever you're just tossed on X S.
A.
S.
 X.
C.
I.
A.
 to just give  a character a shotgun like whatever you have to do.
  I was going to say give him guns blasts important way away.
  I want it.
  I was a kid space guns but like big heavy artillery machine guns and they're just like  porgs minions.
  They're all dead meat to me.
  They've taken a bite out of a minion rib eaten off a porg beak beak.
  Is that what they have.
  Yeah they have beaks.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  And then just grew crying.
  I'm sure they're the group single group is old group looks like Howard Hughes.
  He's got long hair.
  He's on.
  He's on October 2 with Luke Skywalker.
  Yeah.
  Through and Luke just crying on October 2.
  What they have wrought on this.
  Yeah.
  Well we probably should just leave all this out because these are very good ideas that  we don't want other people to.
  Yeah.
  Let's let's send them to ourselves.
  Yeah.
  Put it in a self-addressed sealed out.
  Well this podcast in the mail with our names on it.
  We should probably start wrapping it up here.
  Let's talk changes.
  Let's talk keep it as is.
  Plus it up or burn it to the ground for insurance money.
  Any thoughts anybody.
  I'm just going to start to say this one.
  I want to keep it as is.
  Keep everything working like it is.
  I like that there's a velociraptors in the park and that's maybe the only plus one.
  But here's my worry is that with Jurassic World they're going to add like a Jack Sparrow  like Chris Pratt character animatronic in the thing.
  I don't want any of that because I what this is doing right now.
  It makes me feel like I'm living in Jurassic Park.
  I get to actually me as the guy goes to Hollywood and goes to the park and gets to experience  it.
  Watch it go wrong.
  Right now it's in my mind it's like the perfect version of Ride the movie.
  So I say leave it as is.
  Okay.
  Amen.
  I think I have just one change.
  I think it can stay as is all the way up until the end.
  But then right before the drop occurs lovable Jurassic Park side character Mr.
 DNA appears  and sort of sort of a hologram visage and says did you know that Steven Spielberg director  of Jurassic Park requested to get off at this very point.
  And there's nothing wrong with that.
  There's no cowardice to be found in that Spielberg is no coward.
  He bravely portrayed the realities of the Holocaust in his film Schindler's List.
  You'd never call him a coward.
  I say if you get off here there's nothing wrong with that Scott.
  And then a little red carpet.
  He says Scott every time.
  Or do you give him a thing like the E.
T.
 ride that says your name.
  Oh yeah yeah yeah.
  There's nothing wrong with that.
  Scort.
  Merde.
  And if your girlfriend doesn't think you're tough why you should find someone that likes  you for you and not for your death defying somebody who likes you for your intellect  not your brawn or lack thereof.
  You're fine the way you are.
  Now get off this ride.
  Leave these people to go down their death trap.
  In fact hydraulic fluid spilled at this very point in 1996.
  You have made the attraction three times as long.
  It's going to be a big backup but I think the audience is really going to appreciate  the attention to this point.
  It's going to make a lot of kids feel better about themselves especially ones named Scott.
  So let's add just that everything else could stay as is.
  I'll see Mr.
 DNA in there in the future.
  I'll say yeah keep it as is.
  Keep those dinosaurs running you know they try to minimize the number of tarps keep that  Jeep falling down running.
  And I say more tarps.
  What do you mean.
  He's got the tarps.
  All right.
  Great and discreet.
  And here a note specifically for the Hollywood location put some more foliage on that parking  garage.
  There's long stretches of that Hollywood one where you can see I guess it's the employee  parking garage.
  Frankenstein parking garage.
  Yeah all right.
  Yeah just get some more plants and get some more stuff in there.
  You know urban design is gravitating towards more built in greenery and foliage anyway.
  So yeah go wild with it to add some add some more universal is green or whatever that corporate  initiative that I get a lot of mailings about because I live close to it.
  You're a universal good neighbor.
  I am a universal good neighbor.
  Get a free parking pass.
  So California constantly fighting drought.
  You want us to spend the money on all this water on the succulent and other cacti.
  Cacti or water efficient rock gardens.
  Put a bunch of stones along that parking garage.
  Put some rock gardens and children can throw the pebbles at riders.
  Anyway keep it keep it the same but with some minor keep up that upkeep folks.
  OK.
  All right.
  Here's mine.
  I want to plus up half of it.
  The first part I think is great.
  I think you get the splendor of Jurassic Park.
  You get to see the dinosaurs and you get that feeling that you see in the you feel in the  first movie when they first go onto that giant field.
  The second half I think is missing a human element.
  I understand they're teasing the fact that tourists have been eaten and you don't want  to see maybe a dead child hanging out in a bar.
  I get that.
  But I want workers.
  I want worker robots like if this were real disaster there would be people like rushing  in to be like hey try to get out of here or don't do this.
  So I feel like when you're going up that hill let's get some robots and let's get them eaten  by dinosaurs in front of us.
  I want to see a man get pulled up into the rafters.
  He'd be like hey everything's going to be all right kids.
  Don't worry about this.
  Ah like a robot dinosaur takes him up into the rafters.
  Like that stuff I think that's the only thing missing from the ride.
  This is a very by the way this is totally sincere on my part.
  I want to see like I want to see.
  If they added that that'd be I think it would be a great little addition and make the and  make the thing even scarier because you're missing any other human beings.
  I understand they're trying to like they can't do something grisly but like you know what  I'm going to tell you.
  There was a that was in the plans apparently.
  I was looking it up and there was a part where a real human actor came out and we would have  had to do this all day and then like a like a raptor puppet or something probably something  like that's in there now today was going to like yank him backwards.
  Wow.
  They tried to play it really real almost as if this is a Universal Studios employees saying  something is wrong.
  We got to get you out of here.
  Oh like what a good idea.
  They do at the mummy in Florida.
  They try it where it's a fake loading.
  I think that was the precedent for what they ended up doing there.
  So it's also and it just didn't didn't commit to it.
  Makes sense.
  Longtime rumors that there would be like a Jeep a Jeep attraction next to this in Florida  that they had the room they were going to build a Jeep attraction which Matt you mentioned  earlier is like yeah that seems like something they would do and then I think they eventually  use the space for Kong's Ray Kong Skull Island whatever it's one quick thing we're talking  about in terms of kicking up the second half there is the one thing that the one weak part  of the ride is the rapid opens down and the little rapper that just like slides out.
  It's very comical.
  I heard somebody told me today was talking about coming on here that that during Halloween  Horror Nights it's a very fun ride because it's not meant for night riding so it's very  dark.
  Yeah they turn off a lot of the interior lights.
  And also when the Raptors come out they play Welcome to the Jungle.
  So I despise the idea of Halloween Horror Nights but now I want to go just for that.
  I think that yeah that goes when they would play the Redhead Chili Peppers on Space Mountain  I think once in a while playing a dumb inappropriate song on a ride is fun and a bizarre experience.
  So I am all for that.
  Yeah clashy but but interesting but fun.
  All right so we're I mean we're mainly this little fun pluses but otherwise this is a  fantastic ride and Matt you are a fantastic guest.
  Thank you so much.
  You survived podcast the ride.
  Oh my phone is ruined.
  But it was worth it.
  Matt anything you'd like to plug or alert the audience to where they can they find you  and your future works and endeavors.
  I'm doing all my stuff but I'll use this time say like if you think people in your government  are jerks just call your reps they have phone numbers you can call them just call them and  be you could be jerks to them you can ask them questions.
  That's your right as a citizen.
  Think Park fans traditionally are pretty right wing though so you're not going to find a  plug in.
  I wouldn't go that far.
  I don't care what your politics are it does not matter to me as long as you're calling  and telling people like they need to know that they're being watched.
  Yeah that's that that tax plan is going to screw everyone.
  Here's what I'll say bring back the guillotine.
  I have calculated how much money we all get if we if the top thousand rich people died  in this country we all get about 80 thousand dollars so it's not bad.
  Hey how about that.
  So if if John Hammond had been killed by a pack of the little pygmies yeah that would  have freed up a lot of dough for all of us.
  Yeah John Hammond would have been one of the ones up against the wall up against the wall  when the revolution comes.
  Down with Kamen.
  Can you believe Trump appointed an Ingen representative to regulate Ingen.
  The dinosaur containment bureau.
  Trump, Ike, Marvel CEO Ike Perlmutter and John Hammond Ingen CEO on the board.
  Well hey thanks for listening everybody follow us at podcast the ride on Twitter follow us  on Instagram we've been posting there a little bit at podcast the ride.
  Podcast the ride at gmail.
com with your questions and comments we'd love to do a mailbag episode  coming up because that's less work for us.
  It sure is.
  We'll take 20 minutes per question.
  Yeah.
  Alright well hey everybody thanks for listening and we'll see you next time bye bye.
