 Warning, the following podcast is about extra-terrorrestrial alien encounter.
  The scariest ride Disney ever built.
  Be on the lookout for Tim Curry, Kathy Najimy, Ray J, and Cato Kaelin.
  And keep your ears peeled for multiple hair-raising mentions of the beloved character Spinlock.
  Seize the future on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the theme park podcast where three men reminisce about what  good little boys they were.
  My name is Michael Carlson, I'm joined as always with Jason Sheridan.
  Hello.
  I'm really fumbling, this is the third time I've done the intro.
  And Scott Gardner.
  And hi.
  You powered through it, you got there, and now we're off and running.
  Today we're going to talk about Alien Encounter, which has a subtitle of extra-terrorrestrial,  is that right Jason?  That's right.
  It's a super, in all caps, estrile alien encounter, but also it's one of those, there's like a  slash in it, like the universe of energy, where, because since 2003 it has been Stitch's  great escape.
  Although maybe not for much longer.
  People wrote us on Twitter and encouraged this as a topic because we thought it might  be closing, but Disney says it's maybe not closing.
  Disney says it's coming back, yeah.
  Was it 2003 or 2004?  2004, I guess the 2003 to 2004 was the changeover period.
  Oh, okay.
  So they did all of the alterations on the ride.
  They put a beard on the one robot that they couldn't otherwise replace.
  We'll get to all that.
  Yeah, we'll get to all that.
  But Scott, you had some stuff before, right?  Oh yeah, well I wanted to take a little of your time to talk about a local Los Angeles  attraction.
  It's not in a theme park, but it's accessible to anyone who's strolling Hollywood Boulevard,  and it's a place called Hologram USA.
  Now this is a place, shout out to Jason Walliner who turned me on to this place.
  You gentlemen have not been here, but have I told you anything about it?  No, I don't know anything about it.
  From scratch, Hologram USA.
  I think the actual, like extraterrestrial, it's got a more specific title.
  If you look at the marquee on Hollywood Boulevard, it says FilmOn.
tv Hologram USA Theater.
  Oh boy.
  And it's been really big under that Billie Holiday Hologram show.
  This used to be, I think, like a laser show theater?  Is that right?  Or a laserium kind of thing?  Oh, it could be the laserium.
  I'm not sure.
  And maybe a porno theater before that.
  I was looking up the site, and I think there's a few weird little seedy theaters on Hollywood  Boulevard.
  This particular one I think may have been a church right before its conversion into  a hologram, into the Church of Holograms, the Holy Temple of Holograms.
  Was it a porno theater before it was a church?  I think it did some time as a porno.
  If you're on Hollywood Boulevard, anything new.
  You were a porno theater at a certain point.
  You were a porno theater, and before that, a newsreel theater that very quickly slid  into pornos at a certain point.
  And before that, a place where Charlie Chaplin used to live.
  This is an observation.
  Yeah.
  I'll credit our friend Ryan Perez for this, that we were at some bar where he's like,  they told us Charlie Chaplin used to live here.
  And he's like, if I go to one more goddamn place where Charlie Chaplin once lived, I  think everywhere in Hollywood.
  I've been to a house that claimed that Charlie Chaplin lived there, yeah.
  Worson Wells.
  Worson Wells, I feel like also had a similar thing, because Worson Wells was crashing a  lot later in life.
  And I feel like, oh, Worson Wells lived here.
  I feel like I've also heard multiple houses of like, Worson Wells died here.
  And it's like, this is the third one I've heard about that he died in.
  They were, they all moved around a lot.
  Charlie Chaplin and Worson Wells, the original Pete Holmes.
  It did a lot of crashing.
  Yeah, it's so weird.
  Is it that these people, is it a lie to get people into your place and give it prestige?  Or is it a, is it just people who heard of urban legend?  I think it's a, yeah, it's a game of telephone.
  Maybe.
  Well, not telephone, I guess, because the names change.
  It doesn't change.
  So I've heard, I've heard Liz Taylor.
  Whispers down the lane, whispers down the line, whatever you call it.
  Right.
  My friend lives in Liz Taylor's old house.
  He lives in the attic.
  And it's just a, it's a, the whole house is just a big dump where a bunch of dudes live.
  Although I think they recently moved.
  That's a whole nother podcast, but yeah, there's a giant house where like seven people live  in, but it used to at one point be the wonderful Liz Taylor house.
  Just her, not her and seven other actresses.
  She didn't live with seven other dudes.
  Seven other dudes, dirty dudes.
  No, it was just seven frat guys.
  Lived with Liz Taylor.
  She married all of them at once.
  Her seventh husband was seven guys.
  Yeah.
  Okay, so anyway, whatever this once was today is the thriving film on.
tv hologram USA theater.
  And so this has been up for like a year or so on Hollywood Boulevard.
  If you've, if you live in Los Angeles, you may have passed by this marquee that says  Billy hologram, Billy hologram.
  That's why she was chosen was the proximity of her name to hologram.
  Billy holiday hologram show.
  And if you watch the ads for it, it advertises itself as being from the makers of the Tupac  hologram.
  So that adds it some, some prestige and some pedigree.
  But when you go into this place, well, first of all, several things I bought an E ticket.
  This is an event that you're, the, your minimum of new hologram show that you're getting is,  is, uh, is an hour of material.
  That's how it's presented.
  You get an hour long hologram show and that is supposed to be $30 through some trickery  and means I got to do it for free.
  But the, but then you go in and they try to like, they don't have the technology to scan  your ticket correctly.
  Like the E scan doesn't work, which gets you very excited for the hologram technology waiting  just behind.
  Uh, another weird red flag at this place.
  They have a CBD oil popcorn.
  Hell yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, CB.
  Okay.
  Uh, I don't know about this Jason lit up.
  Yeah.
  So CBD oil is the, uh, non psychoactive, uh, part of marijuana THC.
  CBD oil, uh, uh, widely like apple cider vinegar, uh, uh, people say has a lot of positive health  benefits as an anti-inflammatory as a sleep aid, uh, unprepared statement from you.
  Uh, yeah, this is, I've been reading it.
  Well, I have a CBD vape and it does, it is great for sleeping.
  And it, it, it actually like when my shoulder has hurt before it's like helped, helped with  that.
  I have that shoulder, like, uh, that shoulder, elbow ache we all do from holding our phones  all the time.
  Oh yeah.
  That's just stress injury.
  Well, here we get, well, we're in the Jason wheelhouse.
  So, so my, so they're selling CBD pop because the other thing about CBD oil, like up into  a certain point, you could buy a pretty weak version of it at like whole foods.
  Like you could buy it as like an herbal.
  I went to some hipster restaurant that had CBD oil cocktails, which, uh, I gotta say,  they've cost about as much as the hologram show and did absolutely nothing to me whatsoever.
  Yeah.
  The other thing is like CBD oil, if you buy it, like if you have a medicinal marijuana  cart or I guess a recreational, anyone can get it now.
  It is more expensive.
  I don't know if it's more expensive.
  Are you lobbying for the CBD industry?  I've never heard you high on CBD right now.
  I'll take freebies of any listeners.
  I've never heard you speak so eloquently about anything.
  It's a current interest.
  Oh wow.
  Well, the theaters got you covered.
  CBD oil popcorn, which I'm sure works and is not just a bizarre scam that this place  is pulling.
  Anyway, so the, the, just to get into the meat of it, you walk in and there is a, uh,  there's just shows happening all day.
  First of all, so you get an hour's worth of hologram material, but also you could just,  it's open from noon to 10 PM.
  So if you were a Hollywood Boulevard homeless person and you could get together $30 or probably  just go into the lobby, talk to the two stoners behind the registers, say, look over there  and then just go and sneak into the theater the other way.
  You could, you've got a place to sleep for 10 solid hours in very comfortable chairs.
  Did they not make you leave after the show?  No, you could stay in the hologram theater as long as you want.
  Okay.
  You start at 10, you start at noon and you're in all day.
  Uh, so there's just a constantly going loop of hologram attractions and also hologram  trailers, which is very exciting to see.
  But the main show that you come in and watch is a Billy hologram, Billy holiday.
  Keep doing that.
  Billy holiday hologram show.
  Uh, and you can immediately tell that this is not the same thing as the Tupac hologram.
  It is not a Tupac's face melded onto a, a realistic, uh, living body.
  It's you, they just got an actress to play Billy holiday and she just performs.
  It's like watching a still shot of a concert filmed over black, uh, and, and just projected  life size in front of you.
  It's like watching a concert video with no cuts is basically what you do.
  So and she does lip sync the real Billy holiday songs, the recordings of them.
  So you're watching a live concert of pre-recorded Billy holidays.
  So he's not by real Billy holiday at all.
  It's just some actress and also like, but sometimes there are magical elements.
  Like when she'll start a song, her band will magically appear in a puff of smoke.
  But there's another part where just a like modern white guy roadie comes in and gives  her a mic stand and then walks away.
  And I can't tell if that was a joke of some kind or just like a way to poke through the  magic or if it was just carelessness.
  Um, it's, it's one of the strangest things I've ever seen.
  Uh, but I actually wasn't there for the Billy holiday hologram show.
  I was there for something else called, uh, let me make sure I get the title right.
  Ray J and Kato's sexy Hollywood freak show.
  Oh good.
  What?  It was a show co-hosted by Ray J who I believe was in the Kim Kardashian sex tape.
  Uh, also on a show called for the love of Ray J and then, uh, Kato Kaelin, uh, the America's  most famous, uh, house gas eventful crashing that ever occurred.
  He took the mantle from Orson Welles.
  Yeah.
  He took the mantle from Orson Welles.
  Um, so yeah, I don't know why these guys, we kept questioning what, where do they know  each other from?  Why are they friends?  Um, they come out and they're wearing sparkly spangled costumes.
  Uh, and they do a lot of talking over each other material, the comedic crux of which  is calling each other gay.
  Like Oh, more like gay J, you know, more like Gato Galen.
  Do they really say gay J?  Yeah.
  Wait, wait, and this is called, they call him gay J.
  This is hollig filmed holograms doing.
  Yeah.
  It's something that is, it is life-sized, but just projected.
  And by the way, just this illusion, uh, it does nothing for you.
  Nobody would walk in and go, wow.
  It's you're just watching.
  Like the way these things work, it's an illusion called pepper's ghost, uh, where there's,  it's very simple where something's projected from down on the floor and then via angled  glass.
  It looks like it's, there's kind of a ghostly effect on it.
  And, and this is in a lot of Disney rides.
  It's basically how they do, uh, there was a, in the rock and roller coaster or they're  using it in the, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Uh, the fast and furious attraction at universal has this very stiff part where a bunch of  like people, really well lit party goers all dance in one place.
  You can tell they're very careful to not move from the one spot they're on.
  Uh, so anyway, this is a thing that would be like a part of a separate Disney attraction.
  It would just be like one thing in the line of a Disney ride, but they're masquerading  it as its own event and you're supposed to pay $30 for it.
  You're supposed to pay like a third of a day at Disneyland to go watch.
  And then, and then what's the thing gets going?  It's like after this, this, uh, like unlistenable clap trap between Ray J and Kato, then you're  watching, uh, then it's like, uh, it is a literal freak show where guys are banging  nails into their nose and there's like, uh, there's burlesque stuff.
  There's sexy girls in forties lingerie spinning around on a, uh, like a carousel horse with  a bunch of dangly things coming down.
  It's like, it's very lame Hollywood Boulevard kind of, uh, uh, yeah, like the, the freaks  and kooks and, uh, uh, like, Ooh, it's a little bit of Randy.
  Um, but there's this stuff like, like the, the screen is split into three thirds and  like, here's a guy banging nails into his nose.
  Here's a guy, here's a sword swallower and here's a sexy lady just dancing around and  those things don't, uh, interact with each other whatsoever.
  There's just like three unrelated freak shows all going at the same time.
  Um, it's, it's, it's one of the, one of the odd, Oh, on the website, they describe it  as having featuring many of Los Angeles is best alternative performers.
  They miss, but they drop a lot of letters from all.
  Um, and, and then it's just, and then it's, uh, it's over in 17 minutes after you've paid  $30 for 17 minutes of content and then it loops.
  Uh, yeah.
  And then you see the sleaze again.
  Yeah.
  If you stayed in there, you would get to watch it at least 10 times in a row.
  Wow.
  Watched it all day.
  The big story with this thing is that it was, it's concocted by a Greek billionaire named  Alki David and, uh, Alki seems to be a very litigious man.
  So I don't want, I want to be careful with what I say about him.
  I want to really, really carefully say that, uh, he is very hot and cool and, uh, very  cut.
  He clearly works out a lot and I think he's in, he runs a perfectly legitimate business.
  Uh, that being said, uh, other people do not feel this way.
  He's been sued many times.
  He's currently, he basically like bought the, he did not do the Tupac hologram.
  He bought the technology after the fact so that now he can claim he's the owner of the  Tupac hologram.
  No, he had nothing to do with it, but he's gone out of his way.
  He's sued people who try to do holograms.
  He sued Fox after Matt Groening appeared with a hologram Homer at Comic-Con.
  Wow.
  He had something.
  Uh, meanwhile he's getting sued by other people.
  He was sued by a company called Roy's boys, which is literally the sons of Roy Orbison  who asked him to come up with a hologram of Roy Orbison.
  And from the sounds of the synopsis of the lawsuit, he just didn't do it.
  They would call and just like, uh, hang on, give me six months.
  They check in again.
  This is like the dark side of fame right here.
  Like this is, this is something else.
  The dark side is screwing over Roy's boys.
  I mean, this is like, uh, Scott.
  Buying the, buying the rights to the ghosts of dead celebrities.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I guess that's true.
  And either do it poorly or not at all.
  Uh, Scott, I don't think I told, when you said you want to talk about this, uh, I decided  to say this for the podcast.
  Uh, my experience recently with hologram USA almost simultaneously as you were, you posted  like some pictures or some video clips from there, uh, uh, you know, over the holidays.
  And I was back visiting family in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
  And uh, there was a night, I don't know if it was the same night, but it was around the  time you had gone to this.
  Uh, I was watching, I think it was like one of those affiliates that's different in every  city, like my network TV.
  So it's like my Cincinnati, my Philadelphia, my Los Angeles.
  Oh, sure.
  Sure.
  Uh, uh, I think they were playing like two of the Daniel Craig Bond movies back to back  every commercial break I saw there was a commercial for a hologram USA on Hollywood Boulevard.
  No kidding.
  I went back at home back in Jersey and I don't see, I have cable in LA.
  I don't see commercials for it and I live a mile and a half, two miles from it.
  But I saw a commercial every commercial break and I remember the puff of smoke guy.
  The big band appear behind the big band appear.
  The best was when they did a time lapse of them building a stage for the hologram, but  because there is nothing on stage, it looks like they just time lapse the construction  of an empty state.
  They took, they took black and made it more black.
  They put 10 layers of black paint, but they, they showed it so many times.
  Oh, I'm glad you, between clips of quantum in between quantum of solids segments.
  Weird.
  Uh, if you Google Alki David harass, there are many pages of results right away.
  Oh boy.
  It's a good sign.
  Again, allegedly I'm not saying anything.
  I'm just talking about your brother.
  We love he's also an actor.
  Oh yes.
  I'm looking it up on a Wikipedia.
  He's directed a bunch of films and he's in all of the films as well.
  And he'll be next to a more famous actor and they will present him right after as if you  know him.
  So in the trailer it's like Judd Nelson, Alki David, they very confidently say, you know  Alki, you all know that.
  The last thing he was in was Bob Thunder internet assassin and he played Mr.
 Network.
  Scott is Dr.
 Modem is this a fever dream you had that you create?  You became a Tulpa.
  It became an idea that became real.
  It became like a person.
  I'm starting to wonder that.
  Yeah.
  It had a very, uh, it also like it's, it smelled weird in the place.
  Like paint was recently put in.
  So maybe there was a, maybe there's a paint huffing aspect to this.
  Maybe I just, was it the popcorn?  I think I took that CBD oil popcorn, watered into somewhere else.
  Did they also have regular popcorn?  Was that an option?  No, just yeah.
  Okay, just CBD oil.
  So if you took a kid in there and you were paying attention.
  You're gonna have to get real mellow.
  You should not take a kid on Hollywood Boulevard.
  Well, you shouldn't take a kid.
  Yeah, not at all.
  I don't think you should take a kid anywhere near anything Alki David is doing.
  I think he could be a good guest though on the show.
  I think maybe we should try.
  Yeah.
  Alki, if you're listening, please.
  If you're listening to the definitely not a special cut of the episode that we sent  you that deleted a lot of materials.
  Yeah, yeah.
  If you're listening to the regular audio that we have sent you, please come on.
  Hook us up.
  Hook Jason up with some CBD oil popcorn.
  Oh boy.
  Oh yeah.
  Let's have a real chill conversation about your armada of holograms and your upcoming  hologram shows, including soul legend, Jackie Wilson also played by some actor you've never  heard of and the real not say not a deceased person, not CGI and not an actor.
  The real John Lovitz will soon be doing the first ever hologram comedy show.
  Hologram comedy show.
  He's taking a break from his residency.
  He currently has a two man residency in Vegas with Dana Carvey.
  And he's under lifetime contract at the laugh factory on sunset.
  So he's gotten himself in a lot of messes and another one now is the hologram show.
  Maybe the hologram is a way to ensure that he can perhaps fake his own death, but not  have to get sued by the laugh factory.
  I think he's probably just trying to get back to to try it.
  It's tie it back into our normal subject matter.
  He's trying to get back to the John Lovitz comedy club, the former city walk.
  Yeah.
  Hollywood.
  Okay.
  He's just trying to get the gang back together, get the John Lovitz comedy club reopened,  at the Kevin Smith podcast lounge in there.
  Was it named after Kevin Smith?  Yeah, there was the Kevin Smith.
  Was the Smod Castle?  No, the Smod Castle used to be on Santa Monica Boulevard.
  Right.
  By where we used to do improv shows.
  By where we used to do improv.
  It was a black box theater where people used to do improv and take classes.
  And then it became the Smod Castle.
  And now it's back to being a black box theater where people do improv.
  Boy, the commonality of all this, if anyone listening is not already in Hollywood and  or in Los Angeles.
  We're sorry.
  Come on out.
  Come and say, look what you're missing.
  You're missing the Smod Castle.
  You're missing Hologram USA.
  If you move here and don't immediately find a place to live, I'm telling you, Hologram  USA, you could probably hide in the rafters for a couple of months.
  You can crash there for a while.
  Yes.
  You can crash at Liz Taylor's house.
  Live where Elizabeth Taylor and Orson Welles and Pete Holmes all lived once.
  So there you go.
  Hologram USA.
  Check it out.
  Uh, yeah, it gets five hologram stars from me.
  Scott Gartner.
  Great.
  That's great.
  You can quote that, Alki.
  All right.
  We'll be right back.
  Welcome back to podcast the ride.
  We are now going to talk about an attraction that I have to confess I've never been on  because I was too scared.
  What?  Alien encounter.
  This is a revelation here.
  Let me tell this quick story.
  Uh, I saw, I was reading Disney adventure magazine.
  We were going to Disney world.
  It was a big trip.
  I was very excited about it and I was reading about alien encounter and I kept talking about  it.
  I kept telling my mom alien encounter is coming, but it's not going to be open when we're there  because it said, you know, opening whatever July.
  I don't remember when it all right.
  Uh, and I was very excited about it.
  So we got down to Disney world.
  We were at tomorrow land and my mom went, the ride is open.
  This is crazy.
  It was soft opening and my face dropped and I said, I, I, I don't want to go on it.
  And I didn't.
  Am I, my dad and my little sister did go on it.
  I didn't, I sat outside and was just a little coward.
  I was too scared to go on it.
  It's a shame that I carry with me to this day and I'm revealing it on the show right  now because I am the polar opposite of this.
  This is an all timer for me.
  No, I know.
  And I've never told, I've never, I've known you for almost 10 years now.
  I've never told you that I didn't go on any of the other multiple times.
  I'm ashamed of myself when I would go like this, this as a, as a kid, like when I was  like what, like 10 to 14 and we would go down like tomorrow, like that was my home base  because alien encounter, uh, the people mover and carousel of progress I could, and space  mountain, uh, before it started to beat the shit out of me.
  Uh, I would just, just, I could be there just for hours, for hours.
  And I would like run back there.
  My family would be like, uh, we're going to go back to the hotel.
  And it's like, all right, I'll be back in a few hours.
  The park closing in 15 minutes, but I can knock out one more of these.
  Like you're forget, Hey, I want to make sure we don't, uh, forget.
  Let's give a shout out to the visionarium.
  We got the timekeeper and the vision.
  I love the timekeeper too.
  I love the timekeeper and I was sad when that went away.
  Yeah.
  Like tomorrow, the redo of tomorrow land, which came 94.
  Was that like tomorrow?  Land 94 and sunny eclipse.
  Don't forget.
  Well, sunny eclipse.
  We all can agree on there was so much for anyone who doesn't know.
  Yeah.
  They redid tomorrow land in 1994 at Disney world and added a lot of mythology.
  They made it a land that all, it all connected.
  The people, right.
  It was no longer called the people mover.
  It was called the tomorrow land transit transit authority.
  It was like the bus that took you around to the different places like the tomorrow land  convention center, which is where alien encounter takes place.
  They would, they justified every, why am I, why was I excited about this?  I loved it.
  I, that's right.
  Into a municipality.
  I, I, I got a new phone and it, for whatever reason didn't transfer over.
  But my ringtone is, uh, the old man going now arriving rocket tower Plaza.
  Oh, rocket tower Plaza.
  That's right.
  And it's just, and it's this old guy.
  I forget the actor's name, but he, he was the voice of a lot of Disney rides for a while.
  At some point they switched it out and it was like a young surfer dude.
  And the last time I wrote it, like a few years ago, I was just so mad that they got rid of  this old man talking about all the different public transit.
  Your favorite character, an old man.
  I loved it.
  But like alien encounter, I, it was so great.
  I'm sorry.
  It scared the hell out of me.
  It scared.
  I wish I went on it.
  I wish I had the courage.
  I would go on it now.
  Every year I had to re-psych myself up.
  But like,  Ritz, you were scared.
  Oh, I was scared.
  Yeah.
  No, I was scared little boy, but I just like, I was a coward.
  I was just a coward.
  I couldn't, and no one like forced me.
  My mom should have gone, go on it.
  Somebody should have said something.
  Yeah.
  I also, I, same thing.
  I haven't been on it either.
  I'm not, I don't feel tormented about it.
  I feel fine.
  I've made peace with the, um, me being a little and scared.
  Um, uh, I don't know.
  I also, here's something I realized when I was looking at the timeline of the attraction.
  Um, I realized that, so there was, uh, the, the, this attraction opened and it was, it  was too, too scary originally.
  Yes.
  Too scary.
  Too scary.
  And it closed for six months to make it a little less scary.
  A little less scary.
  It was still horrifying.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I don't think they, they undid that.
  And I feel like Michael Eisner too, was like, people are like, this is too scary.
  And he's like, I think we can make some minor story tweaks.
  And honestly, I don't think it's scary enough.
  That's always the rumor.
  He wanted to punish people more, but apparently the, the version, the, the kind of testing  out version, the beta version of alien encounter was only open for six weeks.
  And I realized I was there in six weeks.
  So I could have been, I might've been there too.
  I might've been there too.
  There was, it would have been like Christmas, 1994.
  No, I wasn't.
  And then it officially, the grand opening was in the summer of 95.
  I was there before that opening.
  It was soft over for like on and off for like six months.
  It seemed like it was one of those.
  I think when attractions are retooled, they don't get away with it in the same way that  movies do.
  When you hear that a movie is having a lot of trouble and reshoots that could indicate  that it's a big mess and it's having a lot of problems, but it can come back full force  and be better than ever.
  But I feel like if a theme park attraction is trouble, it almost never gets over that.
  There's like, there's just an asterisk with it, like the rocket rods, another space.
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's right.
  You know, they had to work out the kink of it killing people.
  Yeah.
  They had to stop that, which it hasn't done that in a while, but like there's never a  line.
  No one really cares about it.
  Like it was just a heart.
  It was a harbinger of things to come.
  All kind of in sort of the same era, roughly like 90s, early 2000s.
  Yeah.
  A lot of like Disney's attempts at scare attractions and thrill attractions have had a lot of trouble  in the recent past.
  I mean, I think this is easily the scariest, like big budget, like big two Disney and Universal  theme park ride that they ever made.
  And for me, like I really don't like to be scared that much, but this was like the exception  because like, did you guys watch a ride through of it?  Yeah, but you can't YouTube ride through.
  Yeah.
  Shout out once again to Martin's vids who has a pretty good recreation of, you know,  has the source audio and has like a recreation of the pre-show and the ride itself.
  It's a dark, not only is it scary, it's like very cynical.
  Like it's a very dark ride.
  There's a lot of dark jokes.
  Tim Curry is like a very mean robot, a very mean animatronic who like tortures a very  cute animatronic, Skippy.
  Like I can't stress enough, this watching the ride through of this is similar to me of like  watching classic Simpsons episodes where it's like, I may not remember it like every joke  in it, but it's just like, I am remember it, remember a lot of it like in my bones, like  subconsciously.
  Wow.
  And like this is your favorite ride of this ride.
  It's probably my favorite ride.
  This in the, the adventurers club, like this of like built into the DNA of my personal  interests.
  And you're sitting here with two wieners who wouldn't ride it.
  Should we leave you?  Do you want to just, we'll just go outside for a while.
  Don't take the dog for a walk.
  I was pretty busy leading up to this recording and it's probably for the best because I feel  like I would have gotten obsessed reading about this.
  You would have been our first four hours, like going through a real emotional journey.
  You would have bullied the two of us when we were little.
  Probably would have.
  Cause another thing I liked about the ride was Stan.
  Well, for one thing it emptied in into a gift shop.
  I believe it's still there.
  The merchant of Venus, uh, which in the day used to sell alien encounter merch, which  was all, I also was very into like, I have a lot of the merch.
  I thought it was a very cool design.
  What merch do you just with the logo or was there like a plush?  Uh, Oh, I have, uh, still in the box action figures, uh, one in, in, and the packaging  is the tube is the teleportation.
  And so one is the monster.
  And then the other is a set of Skippy sir, the robot, and then fried Skippy.
  Uh, and I had no idea these existed.
  I would, I would like these actually, though I would have to, if I had them and displayed  them in my home, I'd have to like write out a note that said, uh, this is from an attraction  that was too scary for me to ever ever.
  Yeah.
  Uh, I'm not a true fan of this.
  The sign out front, uh, uh, the sign out front with the alien that says alien encounter and  like sort of a weird, I don't know, metal thing, uh, which is also next to the sign  that says excess tech, which is the fictional company in it.
  I have both like lapel pins of the alien encounter logo.
  I have a t-shirt of the excess tech logo that Mike and I, like we ordered up and Scott too.
  Uh, uh, Disney puts out these throwback shirts every now and then.
  And we, they're called, they're, they're a line of shirts called yester years.
  Yeah.
  And sometimes we'll pull our orders.
  So we save money on the ship.
  Uh, sometimes it's like I to get one free.
  And so we split the costs and, uh, uh, yeah.
  And I, as soon as this line came out, we're like, oh, that, that Disney shopping village  one looks cool.
  I'm like, order me the excess tech one now.
  Uh, uh, a real chairman clench.
  Uh, yeah, it was a real, we should maybe back up.
  I was going to say the basics of the, because like, my wife didn't know.
  I mean, I'm going to need to lay down.
  Let's yeah.
  Jason's overheating between the marijuana oil and the popcorn and alien encounter.
  Jason may have 108 temperature right now and we may have to rush them to the hospital because  there's steam venting from his ears.
  So the, so the, yeah, the origin of this ride is that they were trying to do an alien ride,  the movie alien or aliens.
  Uh, they were going to do something like that.
  Michael Eisen wanted to do like a scarier ride.
  You were going to Disneyland originally, right?  And it was, yeah, it was going to be a Disneyland as well.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  From alien and the company behind it, like Waylon, you Tony from the movies, the company  behind it was going to be the fake company getting you into this ride.
  Okay.
  Gotcha.
  And then do we know, do we know what the plot would have been?  Like you're, you're in the, you're in the ship.
  So it's like, it is the plot of the movie.
  Like the alien gets loose in the shit.
  Testing something and a xenomorph gets in or something like that.
  And then that everyone's, uh, uh, the policy used to be that Disney rides had to be based  on P P G or G movies.
  Uh, now the pirates of the Caribbean movies are PG 13, uh, uh, you know, movies.
  So that's, that's an exception.
  They shattered it a little, uh, they did use the rights for alien to put into the great  movie ride.
  Yes.
  That sequence.
  Yes.
  But, but it was, I think the subject of a lot of, uh, infighting within the Imagineering  organization.
  By the way, this whole thing, uh, apparently started because, uh, Michael Eisner, when  he took over the Walt Disney company, he took his son, Breck, uh, on the, uh, for a tour  of Disneyland and he came out of it going like, it's lame.
  There's nothing cool here.
  There's no right here.
  So he wanted to do a ride that would impress his son.
  So he, and he was, I think, uh, no way.
  No, Michael Eisner was parent that before.
  So he, uh, uh, nevermind.
  Uh, I thought maybe he had previous relationship with the aliens franchise, but he just wanted  to bring that property into the, yeah.
  Uh, a lot of just a side note about Breck, uh, Michael Eisner's son.
  I do believe that like Breck has a lot to do with decisions Michael made overall.
  So like, if you like the approval of splash mountain and stuff, I think Breck has a lot  to do with that.
  So we can thank Breck for some of the best attractions for going, dad, I want this ride.
  This is a cool ride dad.
  So like, I think, uh, kudos to Breck is what I'm saying.
  Star tour splash mountain, a lot of more thrilling stuff.
  Some of those early nineties, uh, late eighties rides.
  He came up with the Indiana Jones Mara language.
  She did like the, uh, did diagrams explaining how the rocket rods would work.
  Uh, centrifuges, his, let's get Breck guys there on the show too.
  In addition, did he become a director?  Is he a director?  That's a good question.
  I have no idea.
  I feel like there's a director Eisner, but I will have to look at that.
  We'll look that up later.
  Anyway, sure.
  That being said, the three star review we do mostly do research.
  Yeah.
  I'm planning on doing a lot of Breck guys and your material.
  I'll have it next time.
  I'll never get over it.
  Can he really review us and be like, they didn't know anything about Breck Eisner.
  He probably, if he re-reviews this, he'll probably say I was attacked personally by  the podcast.
  Well, we're, we're also treading the line too with this ride because there is a lot  of speculation online of like, you know, there was some imagineers that, uh, you know, really  want it to, um, you know, they just stuck with it because after the alien idea was scrapped,  like people kept pursuing, like we should do something with this alien idea, even if  it's not that movie.
  And then they brought in George Lucas to like, you know, consult on or give them advice of  how to do this.
  Um, but who, according to the Jim Hill synopsis of events, he kind of checked out once he  was given a producer credit, he was not terribly involved.
  Uh, he was not a prequels level of involved in the creation of alien.
  Right.
  And if you, if you are not in the entertainment industry, you know, sometimes the title of  consultant or producer, that can mean like people are very hands on and are very responsible  for stuff where it can mean they would pop by for an hour a couple of times and, uh,  collect money.
  Yeah.
  And then collect, uh, a year's worth of middle-class, uh, uh, income, an average middle-class income  for a couple, a couple hours.
  Grab more money than you make in a year to send a couple emails.
  That's Hollywood baby.
  So, so yeah.
  So when that stuff kind of all fell by the wayside, the imagineers then had to make their  own like mythos with their own characters.
  So they created all these different things.
  They created this fake company that would be the basis for the ride, which is called  excess tech.
  Is that?  Yeah.
  It's like XS and there's a lot of jokes of like, if something, something is only worth  doing with two excess.
  So like this is with XS, it shouldn't be done.
  And this is like a Halliburton type company that has like, it's dangerous.
  Like they're really trying to give you the jokes, but they're trying to be like, this  is corporate overreach.
  This is corporate, uh, corporation is the bad guy gone mad.
  Yeah.
  Like Jen and Jurassic park where like you're trying to make a comment on human beings,  uh,  But within a theme park, corporations within Disney land and universal studios.
  They're odd.
  Uh, uh, yeah.
  So, and so the basic premise of it is that this company excess tech is giving a demonstration  in the tomorrow land, interplanetary convention center,  Convention center, public transit systems.
  I loved all this stuff.
  Yes.
  Of our night land 94.
  I think the aesthetic too, that sort of like future that never happened aesthetic, like  every time I've been down there the last few years, I'm like, as long as the lights are  on, as long as the, like the purple and green neon and stuff, it's like, this still looks  pretty good.
  Like I think it still looks good because it's, they leaned into like, yeah, this future never  happened.
  So I did tomorrow land in Disney, in Disney world in 1994 and in Disney land in 1998.
  And I think most people would agree the 94 Disney world was much more successful.
  Oh, for sure.
  Uh, then the 98 tomorrow land tomorrow.
  And I really kind of looks like she's Disneyland nerds.
  Tomorrow land is sad and you w I walked by it on Saturday with my girlfriend and I just,  I went, I made that noise because there's just things I looked at this tomorrow where  tomorrow the, uh, the people mover would load in and it's empty and it's not moving.
  And it's just sad.
  It's very sad to see our tomorrow land right now.
  And it won't be fixed for many years is also the problem.
  There's so many, it's what makes me, uh, it's why I don't like some of these things like  Pixar peer, because why are we doing that when we could be improving picks our tomorrow  land, which tomorrow land in the, uh, as yeah, your, your love of Disney world tomorrow land  probably equal to my love of Disneyland tomorrow land growing up.
  It was where all the best attract, it's where it's, it's star tours.
  It's kept in EO still a lot of great attractions.
  Yeah.
  It's crazy how rough that land looks with like how many e-tickets and d-tickets are like  concentrated.
  Yeah, I know.
  Just like overloaded with so many strollers.
  It's just, it's a lot of scrolling with like the strollers reproduce when they like strollers  get together with other strollers and breed and make new strollers while they're sitting  there.
  So they've recreated like a smaller scale version of tomorrow land 94 out here.
  Like again, I think it would still look good as it stands.
  Like what was going to happen was a massive plan called tomorrow land 20, 55, uh, which  would have seen alien encounter reproduced in Anaheim as well as, uh, there was going  to be a flying saucer in the carousel of progress, like a new flying saucers, which was an original  opening day.
  It was Plekdu's fantastic intergalactic review.
  What I mean, I don't know a lot about, but I love that title.
  I would have loved to have seen the, they, if you go to Disneyland today, it is for a  long time now, it's been the star Wars launch Bay, which is where you go meet Chewbacca  and there's some fun little things in there, but it's like massive real estate in tomorrow  land that you could do a pretty major show in.
  And there has not been a, like a, a reasonable, uh, you know, well done attraction since America  Singh's closed.
  Yeah, I don't think there's been a circle vision thing in there.
  I think they were talking about putting the timekeeper in there.
  There were, I think they were talking about putting the timekeepers somewhere out here  too.
  The alien encounter was supposed to go where the pizza port is right now.
  Oh my God.
  So the pizza port, which is regularly everyone's, our past guest, uh, Mike Mitchell loves pizza  port.
  Um, but he's the only person I've ever heard say that a pizza port, I think is like everyone's  least favorite restaurant.
  It's a cafeteria now that he's not here.
  Yeah.
  That us, we're not afraid of bully Mike Mitchell, uh, had given us a blowback on pizza port.
  No, it's like, uh, yeah, I think the graphic design in there is miserable.
  It smells like a cafeteria.
  It smells like a Chuck E cheese.
  Yeah.
  It's very Chuck E cheese.
  Yes.
  Uh, but yet without robots, the thing that was the salvation of all, all they have to  do is plug Sony eclipse in there and we go, well, it smells like a Chuck E cheese and  it's the graphic design is terrible, but there's a fucking robot playing piano and alien robot  singer.
  And we'd all be like, well, it's pretty good.
  Yeah.
  And then they do have a salad.
  I like there.
  Okay.
  I was, I get a decent, they can get a decent salad there.
  If you scrub back on the podcast, like about a minute or two, I'm about to say they have  a decent salad.
  I swear.
  So go back and listen.
  I'm about and then someone talks and I go, well, why do I have to fucking talk about  a salad?  I think you're making this up.
  I think you're front and no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,  no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,  no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  I'm just going to go back and listen to this.
  I am trying to kiss up to Jason, but that is a thought.
  I had my friend is scared of alien encounter and he doesn't even know about that cool salad.
  I don't even podcast canceled.
  And the thing that happened with tomorrow.
  Land 2055 is that.
  Uh, fuckin' uh, Disney, Disney, Paris was such a financial, uh, fuck up for a while.
  I hate to, I hate to get off the top cause we keep getting off topic here, but that  happens all the time and that drives me nuts because there's certain things like  when Shanghai Disney was being built and it was going over budget then all of a  sudden there was garbage everywhere in Disneyland they had cut staff and like  garbage is overflowing from bathrooms and they had like yeah this is what  happens when other countries Disney parks start to go to shit or something  gets behind schedule is that we in Disneyland who have been supporting the  park for years we suffer because of it and it's upsetting and it's not fair but  then it swings the other way where it's like you know there hadn't been a new  attraction for a while and then you get a big new thing like Guardians of the  Galaxy and they're like two billion dollars infused into Anaheim over like  ten years yeah but that was 20 years after a new attraction and still not a  new attraction that's still a repurposed skin I don't want to put all this on just  Disney parks in other countries because that makes this a Trumpian well it's not  the other countries are dragging down our you know that's it's not the other  countries fault it is the Disney corporation that's true well the worst  they were the worst Disney parks probably are Disneyland Paris and I  haven't been to Hong Kong I could say it seems like kind of I think it's just a  smaller scale more money but I think they're they're they're sprucing it up  but also Disney's Disney World budget problems from things like the wristbands  the man yes the magic that's true too yes loan a lot of money something like  that Disney World it does some program that burns a lot of money and suddenly  we're cutting things from Star Wars land out here Disneyland which is doing great  hometown pride taking the fall for Disney World's mistakes they yes very  recently they had to cut a ride from Star Wars land there was gonna be you're  gonna like ride on the back of these beasts of burden the band there was a  bantha right a bantha yeah sure I'll assume I think it's a bantha but yeah  that because of Disney World Disney World didn't have the money to do that  so Disneyland lost it we would have had one more attraction a big cool creature  attraction that would have made it's crazy yeah yeah yeah this stuff suffer I  say what's the political version it's like it's like state funds versus  federal right oh yeah we need to like separate I agree well they've they've  recently I think separated because before there was a policy that Disney  World had control over decision-making for an or an I'm just crazy which is  crazy but I think they've stopped that now which is good I also think Disneyland  should just break off from the company and be its own thing like it should  totally be separate it should have its own budget so we can get regular new  rides and it doesn't have to be like oh well the Pirates of the Caribbean bombed  you guys aren't gonna get a new Tomorrowland until 2030 and their budget  should be 150 billion dollars a year yes that's I think it should be a public  service I think we should nationalize Disney World and Disneyland and that  just just like we should nationalize the internet as a public service and also  Amazon we're getting to the point where we're Amazon just needs to be a public  service that's true to be the path to get that to drilling in Disneyland yeah  that's a good way into the matter or no if you start going this way so I also  think I'd like to say I'm a little self-conscious I feel like this is one  of those where we're just like talking about our nerd issues yeah we definitely  are so apologies but look that's we've yeah apologize in episode one this was  gonna happen we're just we're gonna get all we're talking about our stuff you  know hey this one's one for us but people have told us they enjoy the  sincerity and I'm gonna tell you I mean there's very I I there's very few things  I'm this sincere about like alien account yeah I mean it's just yeah from  the pre-show through the ride I just love it take us through it explain the  the the attraction to us but I think the bells are the very fundamental basics of  it it's like a it ends up being a theater show in the same place where there  used to be an attraction called mission to Mars and before that flight to the  moon rocket to the moon yeah I think mission tomorrow well what what was there  when Disney World opened I think they did it was mission to Mars yeah a little  while and it was a but it was a circular theater with a bunch of seats that were  all surrounding a porthole where you could watch a rocket take off and you  could and you would land on on the moon or Mars depending on which iteration it  was so they took this same circular theater setting and they put a big tube  in the middle and created this experience where an alien teleports into  yeah into the theater and then using a technology that that they were very keen  on at the time binaural audio which is like very sophisticated sort of a lot  going on left to right speakers that combined with you know with like water  and and I guess I don't know the harnesses the harnesses that you're  strapped into would like push down on you as if the the alien was walking  across your shoulders as if it was walking through the aisle it was very it  was cool it was cool and people would scream every time also if you weren't  sitting up straight if you were slouching when those harnesses came down  it would really push down on you like it could be a tight fit I saw a complaint  about the new iteration about stitches great escape but which uses the same  harnesses but there was a Yelp review where somebody said if you were a mother  reaching out for your child you would not be able to reach them another reason  if I could for mommy why am I going on this ride I think it's pretty easy to  grab someone's hand but if you wanted to put your hand across maybe not uh-huh  and it's not a good place to make out you know it's not a good push your arm  around somebody strapped in you were strapped in strapping also if you start  to freak out you're fucked I'm sure there was an emergency release but they  I would have freaked out you and I Mike you and I could have both been in  institutions for most that's a good point if we have gone on this ride I'm glad  we didn't probably a good thing this ride takes place in total darkness I  told one of the first episodes I told the story of going on this really shitty  UFO ride that was in the dark where I thought like we were going into space  and I almost had a meltdown so yeah this would have sent me although I was old  too what was this 95 when did this open yeah 95 95 I was 11 that wasn't five but  this is probably one where it's okay to be scared because uh adults were scared  too yeah adults were scared too this so many of the jokes in this ride are about  how the employees of this fictional company these aliens don't give a shit  if you die like there's so many of me like it's a lot of the characters are  mean like there's a lot of dark there I mean what's interesting about it and I'm  trying to think of there's an equivalent other than like in Jen for Jurassic Park  is that the bad guys are all the people that are talking to you and entrolling  like all the yeah all of the aliens and that robot are bad guys they're hurting  people right yeah except Skippy I mean yes Skippy is good he is a good alien  but he gets hurt and they ate that robot at the start hurts him and he fucked the  robot hurts him a lot like he's constantly fucking with him honestly  like as a kid I thought that was like I love the dark jokes that like the Tim  Curry animatronic where he just like just him wasn't Phil Hartman the voice  to Phil Hartman was originally a voice and he was goofier and then they're  like no that this guy's got to be a darker yeah they had to make the pre  show scarier so that you weren't thrown by how scary the actual show was so for  those six weeks and now I wish I really wish I had done it but for six weeks  there was a Phil Hartman right animatronic yeah he was a different  character named Tom 2000 later Tim Curry became sir and then Phil Hartman  would not appear in the park again until enchanted Tiki Room under new management  right in which he plays one half of the bird agent team William and Morris oh  boy that is it right we will get to Tiki Room under that's another one 45 minutes  of complaints on another one where a beloved attraction becomes something  mystifying in the 90s or 2000s many of those and we covered this already with  Ellen's energy adventure yeah there's yeah you will find this is a common  umbrella topic for these episodes the bad 90s or 2000s reboot so just to hit  the big beats of this ride so you walk into like yeah what is a fictional  space age convention center lobby and and there's a video you know explaining  the history of this excess tech company and they're demonstrating this new  technology and this is also green aliens bunch of green aliens the makeup looks  really good on these aliens and they should say this is a star studded the  film stuff looks a little cheap like the actual quality of it sort of video but  there's like name actors underneath all that makeup there sure are the first  actor you'd see it's not her voice oddly enough but the actor playing it is Tyra  Banks under makeup and she's the one explaining the history of the company  and then you see the head of the company chairman LC clench played by Jeffrey  Jones we've not been able to avoid controversial figures because the world  is the world is horrible the reason why we'll come back around to that when we  come to the ride closing not Jeffrey Jones  Jeffrey Joe's of course had a child pornography no I know worse than that oh  yeah I think there's a taking photo taking photos in a shed it's the guy  he's the principal from Ferris to Rooney yeah very sad that he did bad things he  was so he was so great in many 80s and 90s films Howard the Duck he's in a lot  of stuff he still worked out he still worked after to which anyway insane  German clench yeah he played German clench and then the two alien scientists  dr.
 Femis is played by Kathy Najee me Najee me this is how I can tell you love  this right you said dr.
 Femis without any like attitude or any that just very  earn it and the dr.
 Femis and then of course the the instigator the one who  makes everything go wrong spin lock no trade by the great Kevin Pollock  Kevin Pollock we need to get we need to get Kevin on the show to talk about  spin lock on the show to talk about took his fedora off to portray we're all in  luck so after they tell you a little bit about the history of the ride you go to  like a second pre-show area with sir the simulated intelligence robotics that is  portrayed by Tim Curry the great Tim Curry and then he has like two  teleportation tubes there with an adorable animatronic named Skippy an  adorable alien who they would sell lots of stuffed animals of and he demonstrates  the technology and takes the light in torturing Skippy by using this  technology on him and teleports him from one tube to another tube where he's all  like fried like a loony tune after they've been shot with a cannon I have  I have a skippy toy as well from Park Stars oh yeah yeah yeah sorry I should  have been added early toys huh I would like us what is it what's coming politics  character name in luck I would love a spin lock toy oh you have a spin lock no  there weren't any alien action figures sucks I wish dr.
 famous the Kathy and  Jimmy character wears this very odd like plastic or tin looking dress like I  would like to have the full I'd like to have her weird shiny space dress it's  like a space dress but the design is kind of like when there is a nurse in  Downton Abbey when there was a matron lead nurse said they're wearing like a  tent yeah yeah yeah but it's in space so blue hey if you don't know the ride that  we were talking if we have not I have not convinced you to look up a ride  through of it yeah check out dr.
 famous's space dress so after Tim Curry  fucks around with Skippy for a while and then the thing is he teleports Skippy  Skippy gets fried and then he's like the best thing is like you can pause the  teleportation so then Skippy is disappears and he's just in the air he's  just kind of like hovering between like Mike TV and Willy Wonka yeah like Mike  TV that's perfect yeah and then there is footage of dr.
  famous and spin lock telling you what's about to happen that one of you is gonna  get transported to their planet and then chairman clench bursts in and he says no  I'm going to transport to them and they're like alright alright dude what  is interesting is that that's supposed to be the better scenario but if you  think about it transporting Jeffrey Jones into a room full of children is a  lot less scary or a lot more scary excuse me than transporting the alien  who are all locked in place who are a lot in place cannot reach them uh-huh  yeah that's I think here's another maybe you and I just both had a bad feeling  about Jeffrey Jones already in 1984 maybe that's so maybe we're just the  universe is sending us a signal I mean signal you didn't get Jason even if you  saw a clip of the pre-show you would know that chairman clench you know did  not get to the head of this company ethically you don't make that many  space dollars being an ethical businessman there's weird implications of  what else excess tech did yeah yeah so they one of the things that their  company does is like planet planetary restructuring which implies like blowing  up yeah and it's I think yeah there's a whole list I should have written it down  but yeah there's a whole list of of terrible things that this company is up  to a little Easter egg there is like a receipt or invoice from excess tech in  the collector's office in Guardians of the Galaxy oh yeah like they so the  Tyvon collection did business yeah they did business there's a bill like  there's a car there is there is some real great little Easter eggs in that  Guardians ride for Disney fans collection of this of Vinicio del Toro  and there's a lot of yeah and believe it or not the collector's a big Disney  Parks fan yeah so he's got figment in one of his little cases anyway so then  you're loaded yeah you're loaded into this theater and you're strapped in  these harnesses like come down all at once like very slowly lower into this  theater full of people and you know the film starts to play I think maybe it's  in the room where like the film is like all right we're gonna transport one of  you that's yes that's where it's explained the chairman clench we will  not be transported but chairman clenched chairman clenched will be a very odd part of the ride where he says no I if only one of you  came I could only meet one of you but instead I can shake each hand I don't  know what he's after this whole I don't know the drama of chairman clench wants  to meet us yeah they don't really set that up of like why he's so hell-bent I  mean he's very much like a politician who's like I want to roll up my sleeves  and go to a diner and shake some hands it's very weird it's unexplained but so  what so you know it's dr.
 Femis is trying to reconfigure the machine for  this this change and then spin lock goes like no fuck it just do it we gotta do  it spin lock messes everything up oh it's his fault and and because a planet  gets between the teleportation signal they transport clench to another planet  and then he they're like oh we got to get him out of there we got to get him  out we got to get into earth and they're like well there's this life form looks  about right he's just just do it it's him it's him and then they transport him  into a teleportation tube and that's when you realize like I think the wrong  alien yeah there's a joke where it's like us since when does clench have wings and  it's like it is a monster it is a monster scary shit yeah scary shit  mm-hmm it's usually partially obscured by like fog a lot of the time which just  makes it even more frightening does it appear in the tube kind of like  screaming and writhing around oh it sure does breaks out okay yeah and then it's  they it the glass like they do a cool effect like a lot of the fear in this  ride comes from like classic like theatrical effects like playing the  audio from different angles a lot of smoke and mirrors type of stuff and then  like the tube is empty and the power goes out and so like the the implication  being the alien this monster alien is crawling around the room mm-hmm and they  had to know the fact that he has wings is one of the things that they had to  change when they shut it down because that was like a lost story point they  had to show that the alien has wings to let you know how it's flapping around  and flying from one part of the theater to the other oh this was like this was  one of the things that a lot of people like the problems that this ride had and  the story issues kind of stemmed from that they wanted to do a the movie alien  yeah that's an alien that you've seen that you understand you don't need the  backstory because you're coming in aware of the franchise and a lot of the  issues this ride had is that they had to like reverse engineer and tell you all  this stuff about excess tech and since when does it have wings they had to  explain the alien to you in a way they wouldn't have had to with the the  xenomorph okay that this again this sounds like a note that is parodied in  Hollywood movies a lot of just like well this character's at his house and then  he's having lunch with his boss what happens in between like how do we how  does he get to the restaurant it's like who gives a shit like the alien can  climb I just solved it I fixed it the alien can climb the xenomorph has like  limbs like long limbs that like can make him climb her climb but this also like  this alien like the the model of it's like got like a dozen legs and it's got  giant claws and it's got wings like okay it can get around the theater's not that  big another important thing to note in terms of theme park exposition is that  nobody is paying attention whatsoever only psycho little kids who are gonna  start a podcast 20 years later are no no any have heard the words excess tech or  dr.
 femis or any yeah so it is fun to imagine ears just remember no one is  paying attention it is funny because you would how many people have done like  this thing was open for how many years eight years just under ten years if you  were to give a test to every dad who went on this ride do you recognize this  logo the excess tech logo what is the percentage of dads who would know what  that is is it oh very low two percent the main logo of the ride it's a no I  know that I'm just saying if you were to give all this iconography and all these  different things in the backstory and like would a dad ever remember anything  would he remember spin lock show my photo of spin lock  dad is so weirdo my dad my dad went on it I don't know if I go hey dad you know  who spin lock is he would not know what I mean I remember seeing this face right  right after I saw my son weeping openly in public that was another one of my  favorite activities with this ride is standing in the gift shop which was full  of stuff I bought or wanted to buy and watching people exit and I would just  watch people crying scared children leave this ride and I remember my family  like my me and my mom talked to like some of the employees once we're like  hey do a lot of people come out really scared of that ride and they're like all  day all day long all day every day yeah they got constant complaints complaints  from people because they didn't know how scary this thing was and their child  would be traumatized it was I mean it just made it that much better like  there's never been like a better yeah I mean it's scary it's just such an odd  thing to have it in Disney then that's what adds to it I mean Halloween Horror  Nights has nothing on this right you know what you're getting into there this  is like it's a fucking convention center it is a great misdirect because you're in  Disney and Tomorrowland and it's so bright and cheery and then right off of  the hub yeah it's right there you're looking at the castle and then you're  about to get eaten yeah it's I think it's pretty great that story is crazy to  me it was effective that for as much as we you know we had we're like we were  too scared to go on it it really did like mess kids up I am curious if like  if people if there was like legitimate psychological I'm sure people I mean I  got it I got a thing so pretty amazing and I like I just like that it was like  a bold thing I like that they do something very different yeah yeah and  they'd ever done before it's like yeah noticeably different than any other  attraction this the next big thing that happens in the ride they send a  maintenance person in and so there's like this is again another smoke and  mirrors trick where it's like someone is in the rafters above the theater and  there's like a dangle a light that moves so it looks like a flashlight walking  around and they go to repair it and then they they they he has like a night vision  camera on that he's wearing and like on the one screen you once he plugs it back  in you see what he sees and it's the monster and the monster eats him  multiple people die in this ride like this guy dies horrifically he is  screaming you there they drop droplets of water on you as if it's his blood  they use the droplets of water to be the breaking glass too like when the monster  breaks out you they spray water at you so it feels like you got sprayed with  like little shards of glass like it's it's really wild and then did you still  like when you do you remember specifically like first time second time  third time like do you were you able to brace yourself how bad was it the first  I think every trip the first time I would be scared because I would forget  stuff and then after the rerides I would just like I just liked all the beats of  the ride I also like like to laugh at everyone who hadn't been on I like to  scream I remember talking to people like I've been on this before and they're  like no and I'm like this is it's great let me have great let me ask you this  did you have a secret fantasy that you would get eaten I mean oh maybe I mean  I've always longed for death sweet touch that's what I mean long to touch the edge  no I know so I was wondering if you were like this is the time it happened this  is the time it happens I feel like there is and I can't remember if I read that  there's like one broken seat there's always one broken seat with like an  excess cover on it hmm I forget but like there they left a lot of the excess I  mean they reused a lot of the stuff for stitch we haven't even gotten to the  stitch I know as well and so then eventually the power comes back on they  lure the alien back into the tube this is at the very end when you get the  fullest view of him and he's the alien is screaming they're flashing lights  everywhere there's there's he's leaning through the broken glass and then they  slide the tube up and I think they're like they don't even try to teleport  him out of there they just like full power he's gonna explode and then he  like explodes oh which gets me to another thing he explodes right as the  tube starts to close and they do spray the water again so like you got the  like you got a water and you got alien parts and there's also some piped in  dialogue and from as if it's audience members saying it and at that point like  when you first see the alien there's a very faint cry of someone goes like oh  what is this my mother-in-law and then at the very end when the alien explodes  someone goes oh my mouth was open like this is these weird wow these comedy  guys it's a real like theater actor man my mouth was open yes a real hammy joke  and then like you're tourist I forget what the closing lines but like Dr.
  Femis and spin lock come on the screen they do not address the fact that  Chairman clench is stranded on a strange planet and probably dead he's  probably dead or injured depending on the atmosphere yeah depending that or  not they say like and at that point they're not even sorry they're like well  the future you know you got a break some eggs to get to the future like there I  forget what the line is probably another play on excess and then the lights come  up and do you believe having survived what is essentially a traumatic  experience you try to walk out with your knees shaking with your knees shaking  yes yeah if you can manage to not faint and on your steps to the gift shop I  mean besides like yeah I mean I saw some kids coming off crying but most people  were like laughing going off you know most people were like wow that was crazy  like that was great and you know better and like a better area that was more  appropriate for it I think it would have been a big hit like if it was in a  universal park or something I think because because this is a beloved  attraction actually like yeah as much as this thing got because it you know gets  ripped on for being scary it's just because people weren't expecting it and  kids are expecting a fun much more pleasant experience at Disney long lines  like once all that our land stuff like that Tomorrowland everything was pretty  popular there except carousel progress which is slow and for old people and I  still love it and the people mover which never stops running so there's rarely a  line because you just walk into the car so I agree oh boy I've been  transported to 94 tomorrow I loved it there so eventually this ride but  eventually they're like this is people are complaining too much and they I mean  I don't know what the hourly capacity of it was either I'm not sure if it was  huge it always had long lines but they they did close it in 2003 mm-hmm and why  is the quiz because why well there's yeah there's two schools of thought it's  a mix that it was like too scary and then also like it didn't help that a  child bluster was one of the main characters and a villain a sinister  villain leering at you I'm guessing it had mores to do because you can redo a  video you can refill that you can refill you get who's a villain at the time who  was like a character actor who was evil who should have in 2003  oh Billy zane that's a little late that's a little late yeah I mean Nick  Cage would have been a get surely an a-lister probably want to put all that  maybe he's a big Disney Parks fan who should have been clench if you could  reclass recast clash right now would be a mocap that man now clench yeah oh it  would all be mocap and it would all be a simulator and yeah yeah yeah the mess it  up yeah what was gonna say I think that like this is an area too now they've  talked about putting like a virtual reality Wreck-It Ralph mm-hmm thing in  that because it's a small area so so yeah it's a small theater I mean and  it's it's like the it's built into the infrastructure of other stuff like the  people mover track and multiple gift shops so like they kind of can't totally  destroy it they just keep reusing this theater they keep trying to figure out  how to reuse the infrastructure yeah yeah it's so it's lit it's limited in  what they can do with it well which is why they closed the ride and gave it  this overhaul this was an under an underwhelming over underwhelming over  that would that is called stitches great escape and if you had to synopsize this  ride it would be everything we just described but with stitch and it's  wacky Tim Kurt the Tim Curry robot has a police uniform and a beard now it's nice  and he's nice and the projections on the screen or the the film segments are all  animated you know I oh and and instead of the alien dripping his slime on you  stitch burps a chili dog smell in your face yeah that is the main headline when you a lot of  different theme park websites and listen Pica a lot of theme park media has  declared this the worst attraction in all of Disney World and but the really  the the crux of the argument is always stitch burps chili dog not like it's not  fun it's not pleasant it's not I mean you listen to the audience they're all  just like like stick I mean I guess it's I'm it makes sense like why I mean  stitch Leo at stitch was like a pretty big hit right and it's like the one  thing that's like survived from that era of Disney animation that people like  yeah the treasure planet era the home on the home yeah Lilo and Stitch is the one  thing I think people actually do have affection for I do find it a very  endearing yeah it's cute but this is they very much were like alright let's take  out the family stuff and the ohana means family family means no one gets left  behind let's get rid of all that yes let's get the alien scientists who  torture him but but not like torture like the old alien scientists do torture  people no no it's like I'll admit this I've never been on this one either I have  not I think I've been and I guess I've been using world yeah it's just you're  too it's just too much stuff to do in Disney World both times I've gone in the  last ten years it's like well I'm gonna go gonna go on Stitch's great escape or  go on Space Mountain or go over animal kingdom like I would imagine your  girlfriend similar to my wife who has does not have the pain tolerance that I  do I need to experience every horrible attraction she could love she would love  to never again go on journey into imagination or sit through the I mean  this isn't a bad attraction yeah American Adventure I remember oh just  staring daggers that the American Adventure rules like the American  Adventure so but also again this is the the climax of the show is Mark Twain and  and Franklin and shaking hands poorly shaking hands it's great I don't I'm not  gonna blame my wife here I'll say that no no it's not I didn't go on and there  was that nothing to do with Lindsay I just we were like under the gun to get  other stuff done it does feel I mean it's very melancholy for me when I've  written it's been very because the old ride meant so much to me and I was like  smile like a friend I used to recognize but it's so much is gone similar same  harnesses I so much of it they barely changed and the other thing is the time  key I used to love the timekeeper too I didn't ride that as much because it was  just a movie and it was a little long I have never written the Monsters Inc  last year I don't even know what it is and just because I'm like no absolutely  not to I think pretty dynamic interesting new attractions not based on  in other intellectual property alien encounter and the timekeeper which will  cover at some point I am sure but the these were replaced by these I think yeah  these these very lame quick you know like shove them in kind of attractions  based on the only popular movies Disney had at the time yeah right that that  Monsters Inc thing seems so I guess they are for little children this is what I'm  forgetting yeah but people like them the other thing is what I've read in stitch  kids still kind of cry and scream because it's still pitch black a lot of  the time and weird noise and it's invasive yeah I mean we touching you  we'll do honey I shrunk the audience which I did do and I scared the shit out  of me as a little kid yeah I was so scared like those snakes I don't even  like Shrek 4d when they poke you in the back when I don't like poke in the back  do people like this to people like it's tough to be a bug when like the bugs all  crawl yeah I hate anything like this it's I'm not scared of it yeah it's so  people like you're being molested by these people like being scared some  people like being scared and that's what's what's different about the three  of us is that most theme park people not most I shouldn't say but a lot of theme  park is a big contingent now of Halloween Horror Nights people that like  this they like being touched by college students and masks they like like  constantly going ah like I don't like that I got six minute haunted house the  old house of horrors at Universal I had a headache after it I was so like stop  stop yelling at me college students I got a I have a story I'll save for  another day on that but yeah I friends maybe go through that once and it sucked  and then I got the biggest fuck you at the end of it and yeah I would have  saved that for another yeah yeah we're really over freaks who were taken over  yeah our nice cute attractions get out of there you're a bad element and yeah  look at least tallow at least Universal shoves them into the night the unruly  nighttime we're nice these people these weirdos out of my daytime parks yeah  we're nice boys want a pleasant experience yeah nice park or at the very  least if you're gonna make it scary spend a lot of money on it and get some  character actors in there yeah yeah more yeah more indelible characters like  we're just Tim Curry just get put Tim Curry in there you know big influence  for me Tim Curry sure yeah the also it's just this isn't about this right but I'm  in my the fact that the monsters ink laugh floor was a ride where you can text  in a joke and then they'll tell a joke you text what an unpleasant I might as  well say it now because I'd love to not do an episode about the monsters ink  laugh I think if we're doing it we're doing this in three years I think we'll  will have already gotten to monsters ink lab floor scraping the bottom of the  barrel will be we'll be doing that on the roof of one of our apart that'll be  our like the Beatles that'll be our last episode as long as you think Lord we're  doing on a roof for a crowd you know you know that it's been rough our  relations our personal relationships afraid and yeah people gather down while  they're doing it one more time Jason's got some cool new girlfriend  dressed like dr.
 famous we don't like to dress this way I didn't tell her it was  alright you was dressed this way when we met she's sitting in the corner for  recording and healthy together I think this is probably an attraction where we  should do the thing that we often forget to do which is plus it up keep it as is  yeah burn to the ground for insurance money because that it's a big question I  don't know what you do the rumor is like you said that this record Ralph  attraction is coming in although there's sort of a rumored issue with that is  that there's a really amazing Super Mario Kart attraction on the way they  don't want to look like shit that because this would be in the rumor is  it's a ride based on sugar rush the go-kart yes game that they play a race  game that is in wreck at Ralph so is that sort of is that does that end up  being a lesser version of what probably yes well also like those VR sets of  parks are experimenting with putting on people not only is it time-consuming to  put them on people and secure them the technology out paces in event  innovation out paces like people's expectations so like if it looks good for  six months it's gonna look like shit in a year yeah you know and also people can  do it from their home people can buy VR for their home so you got to compete  with that right yeah I think I always think that stuff is weird like shove the  idea that I mean I think some fun rides came out of Disney wanting to do video  games in the parks I like Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters and I really like Midway  mania but I think you there's still think you can't go nuts with that I did  not like the Knott's Berry Farm video game right Oh journey to the iron reef  that was yeah that's bad that's that's a headache inducing ride sure so yeah  this video game stuff I don't know in the VR I don't know I'm really not sure  what you do here but I bet this the idea has occurred to you guys as well that  with the Disney Fox merger well we talked about it on the last show they  could do the original version on the astromo with a xenomorph and I'm all  for it yeah if we're doing the scale like I would say bulldoze the one in  Tomorrowland build the original version but let's get crazy with it so plus it  up like have people in there always that are plants maybe that get like sucked  out of their seats and or like bloodied up or like have half the audience kind  of like like have part of have part of the things move so like the seats go  met like people go missing so like lights go back on and maybe the person  next to you is gone dad is gone have the Prometheus the weird Prometheus God  creatures oh in there have and then of course I mean fold spin lock into the  Wayland Yutani mythology yes everything is alien but also spin lock and Dr.
  females are there and make Ridley Scott do another one of these alien movies but  spin lock is in it and he's interacting with fast benders what David is that the  character the robot character so yeah put David on the ride to David is out  the eyes like obviously get talking to you before the ride and then like spin  lock like knocks him over like gets him wet because he's a robot and that's bad  and like he starts the short circuit or something you have a little levity  before the horror yeah Paul riser goes in Ripley goes in I think alive yeah live  actors that was what I thought like a live that's Lee yes see two 3d that'd be  fun yeah there's a lot of stuff you could do I think and I think the grand  finale you do it like the I don't know why they didn't do this this would have  been good in the original the alien encounter like in the movies you blow  the alien out of an airlock and you got fans blasts that's great like that that's  so that's a cool effect yeah yeah big whirlwind of wind a whirl of wind yeah  I'm very well spoken this would be great right and I think you know obviously  it's tough like you know to set the mythology and you know well I think we  need to change it from Phil Hartman to Tim Curry so that we know that it's a  scary ride and so that kids are why don't you put up a big red sign say no  says no kids there was this attraction maybe too scary and  intense for young children but people so rarely they made it look like one of the  like more bored like one of the like we legally have to put on this like fine  print ride they say that about everything but not every ride yeah little  Mike's and Scott's Peter pants yeah and so I mean business here some cast  members would be like you know what this is right it's like you know this super  scary right and others would be like hi welcome to access tech come to our  presentation and hey welcome back Jason welcome back you small little butter  ball you weird weird little butterball your I heart for future mr.
 femis did  you get tired of riding the people mover for an hour because if it's not  busy at night they'll just let you sit on it they'll let you stay on it hey  there's a hack yeah that's that's that's not a people mover hack but a  Tomorrowland Transit Authority hack yeah that's another one too where it's like I  mean it's great it's still there I love that it's still there but last time I  was there I was like could I rip an mp3 of the old people mover narration and  listen to it through headphones so I don't have to hear this teen like I  could queue it up and have my own little experience and then my old character  actors give me this old man and then when you ride stitches ride you can put  on hurt by Johnny Cash during the ride oh yeah or just spin lock I just yell  spin locks lines during you cosplay is spin lock too at most conventions yeah  conventions day jobs whatever have what have you when stitch comes out you yell  lock him up check your privilege stitch riders so I think we have agreed it's  somewhere between yeah plus it up somewhere else but it's a head it was  ahead of its time because I don't even think at this like horror nights wasn't  a big thing in the mid 90s I think it was just they were starting but it was  now it's a hole it's a phenomenon it's the most popular thing that Universal  does people want to piss in their pants that's not not us but people want it so  they this would they were really kind of forward-thinking in a lot of ways yeah  maybe just set up a different land entirely called this and Trump robot can  go and piss land to also dark dark humor like again like dark humor usually like a  little bit of it and ride it's fun and different it makes it stand out with  dark mother-in-law jokes nothing darker than that that's that's the the seed of  my getting into comedy was like this dark humor and then the hammy nonsense  of the Adventurers Club and it's just never gone away and so I remain  incredibly niche and unmarketable so so when you're on Marin when you're on WTF  and he asks you who your guys are you're gonna say spin lock you a sure guy  you're sir kind of guy the Colonel puppets and the giant idol from the  Adventurers Club oh yeah and he's gonna go like yeah you know you and I aren't  so different you are I heard so different you ever do heroin no mark oh  boy well look forward to that episode coming up yeah of WTF and we'll be right  back all right welcome back we now are presenting our second edition of our now  recurring segment animatronic of the month and before we get going with that  I want to congratulate the last winner of animatronic of the month striped  shirt pirate trying to get the key back from the dog from Pirates of the  Caribbean thank you so much congratulations to you I hope you  animatronic have felt some increased pride while doing your repetitive work  over the last month two months I don't remember when we did this last but feels  like forever ago but hey striped striped shirt pirates where does a badge of  honor on your on your striped shirt and but now it's time to yank the badge away  from you and give it to another deserving animatronic who does such  excellent work every day in a Disney park somewhere on the globe Mike I think  you're first hello my pick for animatronic of the month is uncle Orville  the drunk man drying out in a bathtub on the carousel of progress move over Bobby  Moynihan this is the original drunk uncle uncle Orville you're great because  of your meld blank voiced out of tune singing your weird uncle Sam costume and  also being a very rare thing at Disney World a naked robot it's a thrill being  able to see a naked relative of that character John up close so today I  salute you uncle Orville I hope you do as your brother John asks stop being a  leech and start looking for a job so what are we determined here in the theme  of the episode where Jason is a lot more active and agitated than usual you just  you convulsed when that began well Scott I guess my animatronic of the month is  an example that we should probably talk to each other before doing this segment  because my choice is also old uncle Orville tell us about him oh he as Mike  said is a lazy man who spends all of his time in a bathtub specifically wearing a  giant uncle Sam he is the permanent houseguest of John and his family and  he miraculously invented a system that John calls air cooling which in this  case is a giant ice cube sitting in front of a fan and so this lazy idiot  somehow invented air conditioning to make his time engaging in the sin of  sloth that much more pleasant lazy lazing around enjoying cool air why those are  two of my favorite pastimes so I'm also throwing it my hat into the rig for  uncle orville so god bless you uncle orville you're also my pick for  animatronic of the month wow this could be a race yeah well I was that well I  think we could do the vote we could do the vote a couple ways it could we could  put on the Twitter where you cast your votes Mike's uncle Orville and Jason's  uncle Orville but maybe here's where we really form a little difference would  you like to declare different years or decades well let's I'll say this  uncle Orville did change he used to be cousin Orville in the original and he  didn't have the uncle Sam costume on for a while oh so we both talked about the  uncle Sam costume so honestly we cannot we have to do the same we have to do  this all right because he shows up at the in the last segment of carousel of  progress but it's just a toilet flushing as if to imply uncle Orville now is  also a houseguest but just takes long shits all right well since I'm not  taking that one since it's just a shit sound effect and not not a fully built  robot why so it'll be it'll be my choice versus your two and I have a feeling one  of yours is gonna win because mine I might is a little bit more of a of a  point I'm making is this the best animatronic I don't know but I think it  might be the most put upon I'm talking about from the 3d movie it's tough to be  a bug at the villainous animatronic hopper hopper is already hated and booed  by children in two different theme parks plus he's straight out of Pixar's fourth  worst film according to kid film critic lights camera Jackson not to mention  he's typically most of the year stuck lifeless in the rafters of his own  theater while Disney changes out the tough to be a bug theater to show  trailers for things like I don't know their live-action reboot of chicken  little but the worst burden that animatronic hopper faces is that he is  cursed with a voice that most people assume is Kevin Spacey it is not and  never was Kevin Spacey in both the attraction and the video game hopper is  voiced by Pixar director Andrew Stanton Stanton is a two-time Academy Award  winner the man behind Finding Nemo Wally and two episodes of stranger things  there is almost no animatronic with a higher pedigree of voice talent and yet  everyone assumes hopper that you are voiced by a creep so today I raise a  glass of bug juice to hopper and his Oscar-winning non harassing voice it's  tough to be a bug but it's extra tough to be animatronic hopper Wow Wow great  choices all around isn't it a shame that because I think that you heard to me  that people think that they're getting yelled at by an animatronic Kevin Spacey  and yet it is not him and the voice in the movie he is the voice in the movie  not on the right of the rider the game the grass the grasshopper we're all  making a lot of assumptions that we've assumed that you remember who hopper was  we assume certainly that you know who John is for to the memorably named  protagonist progress throughout the years on his journey and he's also  another another character that is exactly like Jason yeah a kindly old man  in a rocking chair with a thick sweater who's eternal I do like the I like the  idea that we there are hundreds if not thousands of robots and the second time  we did this Jason and I picked the same character he's the seven about the same  thing the seventh most prominent robot on that ride this 45 presidents alone  hundreds of pirates right hundred nine hundred ninety nine ghosts you manage to  choose a large man in a bathtub it makes a lot of sense yeah somehow  psychologically attracted to this large this this man in bathtub okay well so go  to our Twitter go to at podcasts the right on Twitter and cast your vote for  animatronic of the month is it orville orville or hopper hey well so enjoy that  the results will get back to you whenever we remember to do this again and  you've survived podcast the ride thanks for listening what do we oh Twitter  podcast the right at Twitter at Instagram podcast the right at gmail if  you want to send us an email yeah we love getting your your tweets and your  your your comments on Instagram and your emails episode ideas because it saves us  a couple of texts yeah yeah and review our oh yeah review on iTunes especially  since we're you know the boys are off the leash we're independent now so tell a  friend tell friends tell friends give them this disease yeah help build up  podcast the ride audio our new audio podcast network podcast network the  right podcast that well that's right that's the name of our new podcast  network podcast network the ride so please support podcast network the ride  and if you want to donate to us personally write us on Twitter and we'll  give you our addresses and you can send a check so yeah for some ice check  couple of coins or bucks in an envelope alright thanks so much everybody we'll  catch you next time see ya bye