 Warning, the following podcast may contain eye-eating parasites, a husky cat's waking nightmare, Scott's indulgent soliloquy about Mike Love, and a rollicking discussion of Pittsburgh institution Kennywood with guest John Daly.
  Strap in, it's Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, a show starring three guys so pale when we go on the haunted mansion we're mistaken for ghosts.
 Joined as always by Mike Carlson, howdy ho, and Jason Sheridan.
  Hello there.
  We're gonna run out of like little quick, there's only so many options you can do of like the check-in.
  Yeah.
  Hit me with two more real fast.
 Mike Carlson.
  Hey there.
  And Jason Sheridan.
  Good day, mate.
  Oh yeah, your classic Australian.
  My classic Australian.
  I love when people-  Sheridan Australian.
  When people unprovoked just talking cockney or Australian accents like the funny guy in your office.
  It's not at all a hell.
  I find the modern equivalent of that is more like Family Guy voice guy who will do like Stewie voice more than Australian accent.
  More than just a general-  Victory is mine or something.
  That's pretty bad.
  I do think it's funny if someone describes Family Guy, like Family Guy, hey Lois, like someone just sounds like an early impression.
  Or somebody just sings the entire theme song.
  Yeah.
  It seems today.
  Yeah, well there's a lot of annoying ways to start podcasts or be annoying in an office.
  A lot of ways to be annoying, but you know what, I don't want to talk about any of that.
  I'm in a great mood, I'm in a great glowing mood.
  I'm excited about our guest John Daly and I've just come off of a wonderful couple of days, a wonderful weekend.
  I wanted to share it with everybody how special it's been.
  First of all, on Sunday I got to stop by a place called the Van Eeden Galleries.
  If you're in Los Angeles, go to the Van Eeden Galleries in Sherman Oaks, which is a place where you can actually bid on and purchase Disneyland memorabilia.
  But the other cool thing is they leave it out for you to look at.
  It's just like a museum until the auction happens and you can look at all these neat Disneyland props.
  For example, you can look at the shell of an Autopia car.
  It's not working, the vehicle mechanics are not in it, but you can look at just that green shell.
  You can look at molding from the Country Bear Jimberi.
  Now that one got me interested.
  There we are.
 What else do they got right now?  There's a Tower of Terror check-in desk.
  Holy shit.
  Yeah, it actually is.
 You could recreate the entire California Adventure Tower of Terror lobby with items.
  They have big lamps that are covered in cobwebs.
  They have the shelves where you put letters for guests at the Hollywood Hotel.
  Oh, wow.
  Yeah, if you had hundreds of thousands of dollars to burn, you could make your own Hollywood Tower of Terror.
  I went because I wanted to see an old dear friend.
 Probably the big ticket item at this year's auction is Fuzzball.
  If you don't know, get with the program.
 Look up Fuzzball.
  Fuzzball is a little orange sort of flying tiger creature who is part of Captain EO's team, part of Captain EO's gang,  in the beloved 3D film with Michael Jackson.
 He's a little flying guy in optical effect who kind of talks in a little squeak.
  He says, like, bye-bye at the end.
 That wasn't a good Fuzzball.
  But look, he's a delight.
 He plays the bass at some point in the movie and sings along to the Michael Jackson song,  We're Here to Change the World.
  Anyway, getting to see a Fuzzball in person was such a delight, and I encourage you guys to stop by there, too.
  Is it an official Fuzzball from the shooting? Does it specify if it was a recreated Fuzzball or is it actually the Fuzzball in the movie?  Do we know?  It certainly seems like it.
 I didn't see any statements qualifying which Fuzzball it was or wasn't, but it was a full body.
  Whatever it is, it's immaculately made.
 I can only assume it was in at least one shot.
  I hope it's the one that was playing the bass, but there's no way to affirm that necessarily.
  But through the magic of trick photography, I got to make it seem like Fuzzball was on my shoulders, just like Captain EO himself.
  It's nice to feel like the captain for a second.
  Sure, yeah.
 We all want to feel like a captain once in a while.
  Yeah, for sure.
 I saw some of the online catalog for this auction, and I was excited by the number of new hire packets from throughout the decades for sale.
  So you could cosplay like, I just got hired to work at Disneyland in 1976.
  I saw one of them, and it specifies no beards on men and no opinions on women.
  No communists, period.
  What is the suggested or the starting price for the auctions for both for Fuzzball and for these documents?  I think some of the document stuff was pretty affordable.
  You could also get a run of the cast member magazine, I don't know if we're talking complete runs, but under $100 probably for that sort of stuff.
  Really?  This is starting bid though.
  Right, because in August Nick and.
.
.
  Fuzzball, I feel like I saw something on the live where it was at least $10,000.
  Fuzzball is starting at $50,000.
  Starting at $50,000.
  Wow.
  It's going to extremely grow, so if you are an extremely wealthy, Captain EO aficionado, something that I'd like to be one day.
  I got half of that equation figured out, but if I had $500,000 that I could easily burn, then perhaps I'd go get me a Fuzzball.
  I went to this auction, I'm sure I've talked about it, but I went to the auction and I bid on and won two signs that were outside the Magic Eye Theater in Epcot  that say, Caution, Doors Open Automatically.
  It's in the Epcot font that I love so much.
  You can put a light in it, it lights up.
  I do it every night, it relaxes me.
  It's my night light.
  It really is.
  When the light goes on, that means relax.
  It's like putting on a sign that says, it's five o'clock somewhere.
  It's a neon bar sign.
  To win an auction was also terribly exciting.
  I was with a lot of people who were doing it very humorlessly, just raising their sign and adding to their pile.
  I sat in this auction for four hours and I was the only person who, when I won, went, yes!  I did a touchdown dance, got up on the chair, found the person I was bidding against, shoved him out of the store, said, eat my signs, bitch.
  There you have it.
  I should also mention my friend David Love, we were talking about the Van Eeden Art Gallery,  he told me he actually won one of the employment forms that you're talking about.
  It's one from the 60s where you have to check a box saying that you're not a communist.
  Oh, I made that joke unprovoked.
  Wow.
  It's real.
  That came up recently because that is still a law on the California books for, I believe, state employees.
  You are not allowed to be a member of the Communist Party and a local politician won a smaller seat on the ticket of the Communist Party of America or something like that.
  Wow.
  Couldn't have gotten in at Disneyland, though.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, and speaking of 1960s culture, this is only tangentially related, but if I didn't use my podcast as a platform to talk about this, I'd be remiss.
  In addition to meeting the fuzzball, I also, last night, got to meet the legend, the one, the only, Mike Love, singer of the Beach Boys.
  And I'm sure I've mentioned the Beach Boys and my affection for the Beach Boys at some point on this podcast, but I'm still glowing from this.
  I'm within 24 hours of having met Mike Love.
  You might have to ascribe the quality of being the villain of the Beach Boys story.
  And your brain is racing.
  Think, what would I say to Mike Love if I ever ran into Mike Love?  Do I say something weird?  Do I make some dig?  And instead, I said, you know, my dad and I listen to you guys all the time.
  We love your music.
  My friend Danny Jelenik who I was with said, hey, Good Vibrations is a great song.
  He said thanks, shook his hand.
  He told me, oh, I guess the music transcends generations.
  I said, it sure does, Mike.
  A very normal thing for someone to say about their own work.
  About, it's a very broad thing to say about the work of the Beach Boys.
  He's kind of that way in general, like his comments were sort of, it was like, you know, we go to France and people are singing along in France.
  They don't get, they don't, they don't know about T-Birds there.
  That's still your comment.
  And at this point in time is, yeah, anyways, just a landmark weekend for myself.
  What was the, how did you get to meet him?  This was a, this was at the Grammy Museum at LA Live.
  There was a Q&A supporting his new album Unleash the Love.
  He played selections from the album and brought up many of his sons and daughters to come sing with him.
  He has a lot of sons and daughters.
  He's been spreading the love for years.
  He's been spreading the love.
  He's been unleashing the love for years.
  He's been unleashing the love on so many women since 1961.
  He buys a new hat every time he has a new child.
  He had a book out too recently, right?  Did you read that book?  Oh yeah, he plugged that too.
  Good Vibrations, My Life as a Beach Boy.
  Yeah, all right.
  He gets real, he gets real creative with these titles.
  But yeah, we got to watch an acoustic set.
  He sang with, with Bruce Johnston, one of the other Beach Boys.
  And yeah, and then performed the holiday classic Little Saint Nick.
  And then we all got to meet him.
  A very bizarre thing is we were in this line with a family who were all mega, not Mike Lowe,  they were mega Bruce Johnston fans.
  Wow.
  Who was kind of a late addition to the Beach Boys, came on in 1965.
  And these girls, much younger than I, these like 15 year old girls who were all dressed the same.
  It was sort of a little culty, I'm not going to lie.
  But they were all like shaking because they had just met Bruce Johnston.
  Whoa.
  70 year old.
  That's weird.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  And the mom was just like, what can I say?  They're big Johnston heads.
  Kidding.
  These, what happened to this family?  What lightning were they struck by?  I mean, no offense to Bruce Johnston, Bruce Johnston writer of the song Disney Girls to tie it back to the theme park world.
  Hey, they also used to perform at Disneyland a lot back in the early days, them and them and the Osmonds.
  Dottie and Marie.
  Uh huh, uh huh.
  There's a video of somebody's playing like down on the corner on Disneyland.
  Is it them or is it just Dottie and Marie?  The Greetings Clearwater song, Down on the Corner.
  That seems like a thing Dottie and Marie would do.
  It might be a Dottie and Marie I'm thinking of.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Beach Boys didn't do a lot of covers.
  That's true.
  You're right.
  When you got your own stack of tracks to play, when you got your own big hits, why deviate from the formula?  And they were the backing band for Annette on Monkeys Uncle.
  The Monkeys Uncle, yes.
  Which is a Disney movie.
  So we're tying it.
  That was the Beach Boys or the Monkeys?  The Beach Boys.
  The Monkeys.
  It would have been a little too perfect.
  It was the Monkeys singing Monkeys Uncle.
  A little on the nose.
  That may have been pre the invention of the Monkeys though.
  Yeah.
  This actually does all tie back together because I believe there's some history between Monkey Mickey Dolan's and the park that we're talking about today, Kennywood.
  But hey, we'll leave you with that cliffhanger.
 Mickey Dolan's, how does he connect to Pittsburgh's Kennywood?  That's a cliffhanger you'll have to find out after the break when we return with our guest, John Daly.
  All right, we are back and we are joined today by our amazing guest.
  So excited to have him.
  An incredible actor, writer, very funny man.
  And of course, you know him from 13th Child, Legend of the Jersey Devil.
  Here he is, John Daly, ladies and gentlemen.
  How's it going, guys?  Oh boy, thank you so much for being here.
  Sight to beer and thanks for holding the torch for amusement parks.
  For American amusement.
  Thanks for.
  Somebody's got to, you know, these complicated times we live in.
  You know, remember you can escape all your troubles with a trip to your local amusement fun fair.
  Yeah.
  Which which which we're to talk to you about one that place that you probably escaped a lot of troubles at your whole life, your whole childhood and upbringing.
  A magical place called Kennywood.
  Kennywood Park.
  Kennywood Park.
  All right.
  Well, America's favorite picnic park is something I saw said about it.
  An old black and white footage I watched somewhere that might not be an accurate statement or anything they still say today or a slogan they use.
  Yeah, that was as fun as it got at a certain point.
  Having a nice picnic.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  1908 it was like we had a picnic.
  It was insane.
  It was as much fun as you could have.
  The invention of radio or television outside was very fun.
  We had three baskets.
  The weather was great.
  Very fine.
  I was going to say based on your intro, the amusement parks are essentially fairs that don't move.
  Yeah, never.
  Yeah.
  Moveable.
  I'm sure you've covered this.
  No, not necessarily.
  Well, that's a good observation.
  That's elemental.
  That's true.
  We really want to one and we missed it.
  You're right.
  Fairs that don't move.
  This was a thing that Walt Disney talked about when he opened Disneyland is that it is a permanent fair and that there was only one entrance to.
  He did not like people like when a county fair or something happens, people just coming at it from all angles.
  Right.
  It's confusing.
  I just went to the LA County Fair.
  I couldn't remember where I came in.
  Was it the red gate?  Was it the yellow gate?  You don't have that problem at Disneyland.
  Only one way to get in.
  Yeah.
  Pretty cool.
  Unless there's a fire.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Then every way.
  Like the bricks are on fire.
  It's really, really hot.
  Which is very grim to say because the city is on fire as we record this.
  There's a 400,000 acre fire burning right now and it took me an extra like 40 minutes to get here.
  Guys, some advice to all of you, everyone listening, take service streets, baby.
  Don't F.
  Los Angeles is a zoo.
  Yep.
  Gotta be careful out there.
  Another fun fact about Disneyland though is built right along the five because that was the main thoroughfare through Southern California at the time.
  Probably wasn't as crowded as it is today.
  Yeah.
  Oh wow.
  Yeah.
  I mean, there's not always a big old fire.
  What I heard about the 110 is that Buster Keaton started the original 110 for his train movie.
  I forget.
  It looks like the great locomotive or whatever.
  I think that he built the 110 or maybe it was a movie called like Automobile or something like that.
  I think that Buster Keaton built the 110 and then they expanded it of course, but that's why it's so thin and terrible because.
  You mean like through Pasadena.
  It's really like one lane.
  It's really hard to merge onto.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And it goes through downtown up to Pasadena.
  Yeah.
  It was just a prop set freeway.
  Yeah.
  We're all driving on a fricking set from a maniac from 1910s or whatever.
  That makes sense.
  There's that one part of the 110 where you have to like merge to get on another freeway and you essentially have to make a 90 degree turn.
  I believe that's also when you go into a tunnel that is Roger Rabbit.
  The exits are for full on crank cars like with those engines that you go.
  They're like just like cars where you can just like reach out and high five people.
  Shake hands as you go by.
  A very fast runner could outrun the fastest car back then.
  Yeah.
 All of Los Angeles is a universal backlot tour basically where you're writing the movies when you're on the 110 literally.
  There's history everywhere.
  Here's a fact about the 105 freeway when they built that freeway they had to take down the home of the of the Beach Boys in Hawthorne California.
  That was something that was talked about last night at the Mike Love Q&A that I went to which we covered before you got here.
  There was there was some I know all about this.
  Yeah.
 Well I would love to hear.
  Well look I already I already did my time on it.
  So we can't spend more time on it.
  I guess I'm the guest.
  You know John's only right.
  We should he should dictate what we do.
  We should do 20 more minutes on Mike Love.
  Tell me one love fact.
  Just wet my love a tie.
  All right.
 He said how Mike when he was with the Maharishi and the Beatles the Paul McCartney took him aside and said you got to get that album art under control.
  He thought the Beach Boys album covers weren't good.
  And this was right in the wake of Sergeant Pepper as class instant classic of an album cover as that was.
  And Mike stood firm.
  He was like well you know what we think what's inside the cover is more important.
  Whoa.
  You exist.
  They're both right.
  Yeah.
  And McCartney did the best album cover and the best album indisputably at the same time.
  So what is that McCartney did.
  Why was Sergeant Pepper.
  Yeah.
  One of the best.
  Yeah.
  It's not a music.
  Sure.
  You got to get you.
  You got to get your covers.
  You got to get your covers.
  Mike Love.
  That was just a nag.
  That was just to get under.
  He was just like.
  Oh fuck this guy.
  You got to get your covers.
  He's got a smile.
  Come over here.
  Come over here baby blue.
  You got to get your covers under control.
  He was like no I don't think we do.
  I like the beach lineup.
  With the big surfboard.
  That's what we're doing.
  I like showing a picture of the beach on our covers.
  Anyway guys Kennywood Park.
  I mean I grew up in Pittsburgh.
  In the North Hills.
  Kennywood is in West Mifflin and I remember it as being a kid.
  Being like this is a long drive.
  It was like one hour from my place.
  And yeah I have great memory.
  I mean going there since I was probably three years old.
  It was a big middle school horny time.
  I can't imagine.
  We've covered these local parks.
  Everyone's horny.
  It was all about.
  Once I hit seventh grade we'd walk around and just be like.
  Oh boy.
  Those Kennywood babes.
  Those girls.
  So weird.
  Did things work out for you?  No but I have so many moments.
  Just memories of like tents.
  Like rides on the jackrabbit.
  And like who are you going to sit next to on the logjammer.
  Which the logjammer just closed.
  We rest in peace.
  Wow.
  It's a log.
  The Kennywood log flume called the logjammer.
  It was a ride that was good when it came out in like 1940.
  And yeah.
  Like Kennywood is a mixture of classic coasters.
  Wooden coasters from the like 20s and 30s.
  Like this a la the cyclone in Coney Island.
  And they're rattly and one's called the jackrabbit.
  And it like basically like makes you slip a disc.
  It's like a terrible.
  Not a good roller coaster.
  Even when I was a kid I was like my back hurts.
  Those old ones will get to you.
  Even the best kept up old wooden roller coasters are kind of nightmares for your body at this point.
  Like even coasters that are 20 years old are still bad.
  Like there was one at Knott's that I went on that's a very mild one.
  But it did feel like all my vertebrae were very compressed.
  Because it just like went up a half and then down again.
  And it crushed my neck.
  It was really horrible.
  Are you guys coaster guys who are like I like that clackity clack.
  We're not like you just I like the smooth crazy ones.
  It's not a real coaster unless you're fucked up afterward.
  Yeah that's the way we feel.
  I feel like I'm going to die.
  Yeah yeah.
  We're mainly about like you know theming and like nice landscaping and that kind of thing.
  It's not about like thrills and jeez.
  We're about to be like nice sets and stuff.
  I like the coasters but as I get older like I feel worse and worse every time I ride them.
  Like the Kenny I have never been to Kennywood but it does seem.
  It is an interesting mix of these rides that have been there forever.
  Rides that are newer but homages to rides that were there before a great fire or something.
  And then some licensing mixed like a Lego movie simulator theater.
  I feel like Kennywood I haven't been there so I can't I have no idea.
  But they they were never I mean at least when I was growing up like they were never spot.
  But I guess that started in like probably the late 90s or something.
  Yeah.
  That everything was like universal.
  Yeah.
  What was your last trip?  What was your last Kennywood trip?  It was probably in high school and there was also a the last trip that I made to Kennywood Park was for my freaking physics class.
  Where we had accelerometers that we made and we had to ride all the freaking it was science day.
  Science day at Kennywood.
  So we ride all the coasters.
  I was like all right take your accelerometer on the Thunderbolt and like see like the average way it swings or whatever.
  We made these like accelerometers out of like a little weight and straw or whatever.
  And it was just that that was it.
  So it was like but we got to go there in the morning and wait in no lines and sit in the front and like all that stuff.
  And like then you sit in the back and see the difference.
  So did you learn anything?  Did it actually shine a light on?  I don't remember Dick.
  Drop out of school everybody.
  At the seventh grade exactly.
  One interesting thing I just read I'm on the Wikipedia page on my phone here and it says well Kennywood now uses the slogan America's Finest Amusement Park as well as the slogan.
  And this is very Philip K Dick slogan.
  Make a new memory.
  Oh wow.
  Make a new memory.
  That's kind of an odd existential.
  Right out of valis.
  Yeah it really is.
  Satellite firing a laser into your brain.
  Create a conglomerate memory.
  Live your life in five seconds.
  We're watching this video of it.
  There's a video where I got a lot of my info from called Kennywood memories.
  Check that out on YouTube.
  It's in many parts.
  But there's a part where like a ride operator guy is sort of oddly creepily harshly saying like Kennywood is just one of those places.
  Just always just always going to be there.
  It's always going to exist.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  You have to go.
  Yeah this guy is the harsh like a Pittsburgh accent that sounds like it's from like 1890.
  It's like there's a Pittsburgh accent is a very you know very distinct kind of region regional accent.
  And this guy is like Kennywood is always going to be here.
  It's always just going to exist.
  Angry about it.
  Defiantly as if the interviewer maybe the interviewer was like goading him and challenging him right before they started recording.
  This thing's going to shut down soon right.
  Yeah.
  You're out of a job old man.
  Yeah.
  As soon as this documentary is recorded.
  The Johnny Rockets in the center of the park will outlive us all.
  Well I also like Kennywood was seen as as slightly humiliating to me and my friends I would say and like if you were really an adult you would go to Cedar Point.
  You know where they have the Magnum and the insane like real deal new roller coasters because Kennywood until they got the steel Phantom was their first new school roller coaster.
  So when I was like probably in seventh grade or something like that they got that and that was like I was still like in the zone to go to Kennywood definitely.
  OK.
  And get all get all horny and like wearing a big I would like you know a Nike shirt that went down on my knees.
  How was that.
  How was the hair because we're watching all this documentary Kennywood memories.
  There's a lot of weird old like ratty mullets and buzz cut.
  Oh yeah.
  And Pittsburgh was a hair just like it was like a you know a cornucopia of a cornucopia of like just I mean the big look that I saw that I recognized from like early 90s late 80s was spiked up with gel and then a little bit of a mullet like spiked up.
  And then you see and I remember seeing like adults back then and being like whoa that guy thinks he's cool like that.
  But yeah the hair was was amazing and the girls had fluffy kind of like and like a big hair sprayed bang like comb right in the front there with kind of like some odd caked in swoop or shape.
  Yeah.
  Put a lot of time into.
  Yeah.
  That same documentary there I was flipping through it today and there was a quote that I have to read.
  We're looking you're looking at a bunch of sort of buzz cut mulleted kids and the narrator very plainly says this this phrase imagine that looking at this copy in the video booth.
  These young men are here for the same the Saint of fancy as altar boy picnic and they can tell you how to get wet on the log jammer.
  Oh.
  Well that is really a man I mean that's great.
  Because you're looking at like like seven boys all like tussling and wrestling around the extras from heavy metal parking lot like the people in the background.
  And they're going to boy.
  Yeah.
  Background.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Everyone looked like that.
  The altar boy picnic.
  What a time those altar boys have cool hair.
  The only way they can express themselves because otherwise they're wearing those big drapey man dresses basically how do you describe an altar boy uniform.
  Just did you were you an altar boy.
  No I was not anybody here.
  No no my cousins were my cousins were but I I avoided that I went to CCD though.
  Oh yeah.
  I had a lot of friends who did CCD.
  I grew up on the other side.
  I grew up outside of Philadelphia.
  Oh OK.
  That's another accent.
  Yeah my Philly accent is just an impression of John Worcester doing Philly boy.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  The Eagles.
  You're going to get a cheesesteak at the Eagles game.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's good as sheets.
  Yeah.
  It also is an impression of my aunt Linda.
  Sounds exactly like that.
  That's awesome.
  A living stereotype.
  Yeah.
  A living stereotype.
  Yeah.
  I remember kids going to it's like hey do you want to do something after school and they're like no I've got CCD and I'm like what is that.
  And they're like well it's kind of like religious school and I'm like you have to leave school and go to a different school.
  There was a certain point before I started CCD that I thought CCD was cool.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  When my friends are going.
  You go somewhere after.
  Wow.
  And like it seems like cool people go to that CCD.
  And I went to it.
  Learn about this cool guy Jesus.
  Yeah.
  Totally chill guy.
  A lot of guys.
  And it's like not necessarily a nun.
  Like you could have a lay teacher man.
  And you might not get hit by a ruler the whole time.
  No but I remember distinctly in CCD not to get too off topic but when did this guy Matt Frederick that went to my I guess elementary or middle school at that point.
  He was like always wearing like like what are those fucking horrible metal bit like at least Megadeth but like more like janky.
  Like there's one called like what's the Hannibal corpse or something.
  No but like pre that kind of like it was like Megadeth was probably the most but it was never striker never anthrax or anything like that.
  It was like a lower rung.
  It was like Hades man.
  It was just like weird.
  And he one day he wore but anyway one day he wore a Guns N' Roses shirt and it was has skulls on it right.
  And he made sure to wear these death shirts to like CCD.
  He was clearly a rebel.
  And the teacher was like we had this teacher this lay teacher that was like excuse me Matt.
  OK.
  Who was OK.
  Who is on your shirt.
  You wore shirt again.
  Who is on your shirt.
  The guys rose.
  She's like OK.
  Who are the people in that band.
  He goes well it's Axel and it's that in depth.
  His dream question.
  Literally his dream question then she goes OK.
  We are going to all OK.
  Say a prayer.
  OK.
  So everyone bow your head.
  We're going to pray for the members of that band.
  They have imagery that tells me that they're bad people.
  So we all said a prayer for literally like by name every member.
  Which is a pretty cool thing like blessed stuff.
  McCagan.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  As if he wasn't blessed enough.
  Of course.
  Wow.
  May he play secular bass lines instead of evil demonic bass lines.
  Only major keys.
  God.
  Not minor.
  Hey I'm going to throw out a couple I'll just throw out a couple names of rides and you  tell me if you've got strong memories associated with them.
  The laser loop.
  Laser loop was another thing that you know when you grow up going to Kennywood you've  got to be this tall type.
  You know there was like a little just disturbing thing from like a disturbing carrot like Kenny  was the mascot of Kennywood and it was like a kangaroo.
  And then the other ones were like Mr.
 Jeepers.
  I think it was literally I think it was actually Mr.
 Jeepers was just like weird.
  Like it was like kind of like seeing blackface but it wasn't blackface just like a little  disconcerting dark kind of like things like that people thought was cute things that people  thought were cute in like the 1910s.
  You know boardwalk empire like the dolls back then.
  Now you see them and you're like like scare weird like cute big guy.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It would be like you have to be this tall to be on.
  Anyway that's my memory of them.
  I may be wrong but maybe twisted but I was you know the laser loop was of a laser was  like it was a test of you know you had to be a certain height.
  I think you had to be maybe a certain age but I think I'm wrong about that.
  But like an American citizen.
  Two older brothers.
  You had to sign your life away.
  I had two older brothers who were just like yeah man I'm sick of Kennywood.
  I just hit the laser loop.
  And that though the laser loop actually sorry my bad was the first it was like an 80s roller  coaster but it was like the newest thing I think we had.
  It wasn't yet that kind of like smooth roll.
  But it just shot out.
  You shot out and they were like put your neck back put your head back like because it makes  you have whiplash basically when you take off you're like spring loaded.
  So you go and you go super fast like this takeoff.
  Then you have one loop and then you go straight up this hill and then backwards through and  then backwards again through the same loop up another hill and then it stops you.
  And it would be perpetually broken because like that is just a hydraulic nightmare.
  Like there's no there's no it's like force it up the thing and then force it back and  then force it to stop instead of like regular roller coasters which are like have one thing  and then you let it go and it kind of just does its thing you know.
  So it was constantly it was constantly worked on and like but it was pretty exciting.
  It was pretty exciting to go on.
  The Thunderbolt was another like you know I'm old enough to go on the Thunderbolt.
  I'm old enough to go on the laser loop now.
  Now I'm a man and I've lived my life and now I die.
  Now the laser loop gives me a headache and yeah that's the that was that that was my story.
  Sorry were you ever like afraid of the ride before.
  Were you scared.
  The three of us are scared boys.
  Yeah.
  I mean like sure but were you like just raring to go or I was afraid of it.
  Once I went on like one roller coaster I think I was ready for the Thunderbolt.
  I was like I rode it was like fully ready for that and I think I went to Disney World  before that and rode Big Thunder Mountain Railroad and was not old enough for Space Mountain  perhaps or no maybe I rode Space Mountain.
  I rode Space Mountain and then I was like I can do the laser loop.
  The laser loops more insane than Space Mountain.
  Yeah for sure.
  The laser loop feels like you're going to die.
  Space Mountain is pretty chill.
  The fun you get with these local parks is like the possibility that you might die because  of operator error.
  Yeah.
  Because the thing just collapses under you.
  Yeah.
  The thing you don't fear as at Disney as much although there have been a lot of Disney deaths  over the years.
  Yeah right.
  Stuff's gotten a lot safer and I know you guys from Jersey Action Park.
  Oh Traction Park.
  Traction Park.
  Traction Park.
  I've seen pictures and I think I watched like a little mini documentary about it and it  was like insane.
  Yeah people were constantly being injured or dying at this park and it closed for a while.
  It was like water slides.
  It was like weirdly hybrid.
  It wasn't coasters right?  I don't know if there were coasters.
  There was water slides and every now and then they'd be like we have a brand new kind of  slide and it clearly hadn't been tested enough.
  It was like we put a jump on a hill.
  And it's like we've got go karts.
  The fastest go karts and no helmets.
  It's just like stuff set up for disaster.
  We figured out how to make water slipperier.
  We waxed up this jump.
  It's just a gap between parts of the slide tracks.
  You have to like skip part of the, just shoot over a missing piece.
  Even a great adventure in New Jersey like the Six Flags Park has had like tons of incidents  over the years.
  And I also, I think we brought it up on another episode talking about like great adventure.
  Like yeah they had a lot of crazy coasters where yeah maybe it goes backwards or maybe  it just goes really fast or really high and every time you add an extra element like that  there's tons more maintenance you have to do.
  I forgot to mention Six Flags Great Adventure right next door to the main park has a safari  park where you would drive your car through and wild animals roam around.
  And often time orangutans or monkeys of some sort will just beat up your car.
  They'll just snap off the etc.
  Break the glass.
  I think eventually they put up more gates between the people and animals.
  But yeah so on top of like the accident prone roller coasters there was also wild animals  in a very cold part of the country for much of the year.
  So much of frost, if you flew off a ride and then landed in a pen with a bunch of frost  bitten orangutans and rhinoceroses to stomp your face.
  I would imagine that the pitch for the park would just like hey it's like a zoo but you  can drive your car through it.
  You can just.
  I mean I think there were a lot of those across the country for a while.
  There was one in Irvine for a long time.
  Really?  I think that's where the most famous concert venue is now.
  You can just drive your car through a bunch of monkeys?  Yeah.
  Wow.
  You can run over them if you want.
  You can kill two animals not three.
  That's where it crosses the line.
  We can breed new ones.
  I remember in this country when you could kill three animals.
  What's happening to the America that I know?  It's very hard to kill even one.
  All I can kill is like crickets and shit.
  Those ain't animals.
  They're too small to be animals.
  Basically worms.
  I feel like if it was 60 years ago and you went to Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge which  is their animal themed like hotel where you see giraffes out the window.
  Walk up to your window.
  60 years ago you could shoot them probably.
  60 years ago they would have let you brought a gun in and killed the animals.
  Yeah.
  Because it was lola.
  Everything was lola.
  They give you $5.
  We're like hey they're helping us out.
  Because they shot.
  Take one of those snowman machines and wrap a wire around a giraffe's neck.
  Oh man the snowman machine.
  Got a snowman reference in.
  Gave you all the clues.
  Gave you Mr.
 Police.
  Mr.
 Police.
  Gave you all clues.
  Where's the ride about the snowman?  Where's the snowman haunted house?  Yeah I want a Universal Studios ride like the snowman.
  You just get garrotted like 40 times.
  Come on kids.
  Next year Halloween Horror Nights.
  What's the term?  Garrotted?  We're going to wait in line to get our picture with Detective Inspector Harry Holley.
  Is it Harry?  Is it Holley?  It is Holley.
  It might just be Holley.
  I think they don't even do an accent.
  I've read one of those books and I feel like that is a gag in all of the books.
  Where he meets an American or an Australian and they go like your last name's Holley.
  And he's like well it's Holley.
  But then they go like alright whatever.
  I think they dropped it in the film.
  Maybe they dropped it.
  Maybe it's just Harry Holley.
  Was that one of the clues they gave?  Yeah.
  Keep going down the rabbit hole of clues.
  Let's talk about an attraction that is not a death defying attraction that's appropriate  for all ages.
  The Noah's Ark.
  Right.
  Do you guys come across this in any Hollywood findings?  This is basically like a fun house that is teetering back and forth at all times.
  There's one part that's teetering.
  That's the ark.
  To get onto the ark you walk into a whale's mouth.
  So it starts with Jonah.
  As all fun experiences do.
  Yes.
  We begin with Jonah.
  Your favorite CCD characters.
  And then the tongue is bouncy.
  And then you walk into the thing and then you're in a little I think a mountain kind of thing.
  And then you make the transfer to being on Noah's Ark which sways back and forth and  has shaking floors and chicken wire enclosed dioramas of just kind of animals that look  kind of dumb.
  It's trying to scare you a little bit.
  But it's more like it's a challenging floor to walk across or whatever.
  It's vibrating.
  It's child's play is what it is.
  It's a dark walk.
  And then they have one of those things where I think you walk on a bridge and everything  around you is turning.
  So you're walking straight on a bridge but everything is through a big cylinder.
  So that's turning and you just kind of like you feel weird.
  And then on the outside it's very adorable.
  I think it was like from the 1930s or something like that.
  They were like Noah's Ark something we all can enjoy.
  Something from the Old Testament.
  What do you got over there Mike?  I think this is where I looked up Noah's Ark and it was like is this Noah?  That's Noah.
  His head pops out of the window.
  His head pops out of the window and it's just a headless toothless man.
  I think that's unless that's an accident.
  He looks like a funny crazy man.
  He's like raaa.
  Noah was insane.
  Yeah Noah that's not my Noah.
  Who knows that Noah wasn't terrifying.
  That's a good point.
  He had to build that thing 40 cubits long.
  20 cubits wide as far as I know.
  That's a lot of work.
  That'll be crazy.
  A lot of stress and what a boss riding him.
  The big man up the stairs with himself.
  Yeah that's his boss so maybe he's not so happy go lucky.
  My job ain't exactly chill.
  I'm not a work at home computer technician or nothing.
  It's hard okay.
  They just redid Noah's Ark.
  They just cleaned it up.
  They just redid it and refurbished it like a few years ago I was reading.
  They did indeed.
  And it was a big The Mayor came.
  Well that movie Noah came out so they made it Noah.
  Oh yeah.
  I mean America loved that movie Noah.
  That was a huge movie.
  So much water effects.
  Oh man Crowe Connolly you kidding me.
  The beautiful mind pairing back together.
  Oh really oh it is that's right.
  I didn't realize that.
  It was a reunion.
  It was cool that they got that.
  Just thinking of them on set.
  There was so much gossip about that set.
  I know.
  Have they have they have they remit yet.
  Are the old sparks flying like they used to be in ABM days.
  Aronofsky you're crazy for this one.
  I like to watch Noah and then watch Passion of the Christ.
  Caviezel.
  Oh yeah.
  Just get Catholic.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  But I like that you watch them in biblical order.
  Yeah that's what I'm talking about.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  Somebody let's get an Abraham movie going.
  Let's get a Cain and Abel.
  There's so many franchise.
  When are we going to get to all the great.
  Cain and Abel is more of a sketch.
  Probably couldn't sustain.
  It's a three-pillar comic.
  Or maybe a limited run like a little three episode FX miniseries.
  Or you have them solve mysteries in the Bible times.
  The Cardi boys it's Cain and Abel.
  Gender flop them as well.
  Why aren't they women?  Yeah yeah yeah.
  Cain's a cool name for a lady and so is Abel.
  Yeah.
  God damn it.
  Why not flip the scripture.
  Jesus Christ.
  That's the tagline of Cain and Abel.
  The new adventures of Cain and Abel.
  Flip the scripture.
  You know flip the scripture.
  Directed by Mel Gibson still.
  You know John I know you just went back to Pittsburgh.
  You were part of this opening of an improv theater.
  And you were hobnobbing with the big local stars of Pittsburgh.
  And I was on the Kennywood YouTube channel watching the rededication of Noah's Ark.
  And who should be there.
  But two people I remember you mentioning to me.
  Local broadcaster Rick Seback.
  Rick Seback.
  And Pittsburgh legend.
  And Pittsburgh dad.
  Pittsburgh dad yes.
  Local character Pittsburgh dad.
  Oh it's Pittsburgh dad.
  I met Rick Seback.
  Well Rick Seback is a Pittsburgh legend kind of like he's the spiritual heir to like Mr.
 Roger.
  Fred Rogers.
  And was friends with him.
  And is kind of like does a show called Things That Aren't There Anymore.
  And it's like on PBS.
  I think that's National.
  Oh he does.
  I know.
  Show.
  And he does like he's like basically a Pittsburgh.
  He's among along the lines of Hewlhouser.
  And he did kind of we did an Ascat style show.
  Which is a show where somebody did his monologues and we do improv.
  And so he did the monologues and he was so great.
  No kidding.
  That's cool.
  That's really cool.
  And then Pittsburgh dad is the best.
  And he invited me to be in one of his Pittsburgh dad videos which are huge.
  And he said like all the Steelers and whatever like he's hilarious.
  Kurt Wooten.
  And those like he does like a response video to every Steelers game you know.
  Win or loss.
  And he's kind of like what was that daughter.
  Just talking smack on like he just talked smack in his video.
  So it was funny when I got to do like a Pittsburgh accent.
  That's so fun.
  If you watch at the opening ceremony he plays Noah.
  He like tells stories.
  He's Pittsburgh dad as Noah.
  Oh that's great.
  Yeah.
  So I was glad I knew about these Pittsburgh things so I could recognize all the Pittsburgh  stars.
  What I'm thinking though is that you're now you're getting down with the with the local  with the Pittsburgh celebrities.
  I want to if there's any way to use this podcast to get the red carpet rolled out for you John  Daly the next time you go to Kenny would I don't know is there is there like a oh right  is there anything you would want to do if you want to read it as a king.
  I want to roll up to Kenny would in a Uber X.
  Not even black.
  You're doing very reasonable.
  Yeah.
  With the with the red carpet rolled out with Kenny on the carpet the mayor of Pittsburgh  declaring it John Daly Day.
  Give me the key to the city which I toss in my fanny pack.
  And I'm fully dressed like a cartoon tourist and I kind of breeze by everyone who's trying  to shake my hand.
  Don't got time.
  I'm fixing my hair while I'm doing it and like a see ya.
  And then you're ignoring Pittsburgh Steelers and pirates who have come this occasion.
  Kent DeColby weeps one tear also at this Noah's Ark.
  I have him in my notes Colby and to Colby.
  Yeah.
  He shot the through sidearm through those curveballs.
  He won.
  He was part of the We Are Family Willie Stargell type of see pirates win the World Series one  of the rare World Series wins.
  Sure.
  He didn't he didn't get in that arm on you.
  You deny him.
  No I was like yeah.
  Peace.
  Well I would.
  This is my fantasy.
  Peace.
  I just stroll right up.
  I'm skipping Noah's Ark.
  You know I got to memorize probably.
  So I'm going straight for I'll start with the classic.
  Let's do the Thunderbolt.
  Let's get right in there.
  My first you know that's the first coaster of the day.
  Do the Thunderbolt.
  I get to ride in the front next to your accelerometer next to trying the whole life to.
  And you know what tricks physics I breeze by everybody there.
  I breeze by Albie Ochsenrider.
  I breeze by John Fedko.
  I breeze by Cindy Crosby.
  And then if it's Italian day do you breeze by Mr.
 S the Sinatra impersonator.
  Sure.
  Italian day.
  Yep.
  And then I find for Mr.
 S.
  I greet and do an air kiss with Sally Wiggin local broadcaster Sally Wiggin.
  And we breeze and she is my seat partner and we start talking about.
  Everything Pittsburgh we just talk about Pittsburgh all day.
  And so me and Sally Wiggin just ride and then of course we when we ride the racer which is a side by side coaster.
  We are both in the front.
  She can be in the red and I can be in the blue.
  But other than that we're riding the cars you know and so and then after so we do that then we do the double racer.
  Then we would do there's a then we would look at but not do decide not to do the thing that brings you up.
  Your feet are hanging.
  It brings you up like three hundred feet into the air and just you hang there.
  You know I'm talking about it brings you up into the air and you're like in the sitting position.
  But you're you're like open and it just it's a big pole basically like three hundred feet in the air and it lets you hang there and it drops you.
  And you feel weightless and it is.
  Yeah.
  The amount of time that they have designed the amount of time at the top to be maximum human fear.
  You're like just like when you get it and then exactly what it should happen you're like.
  So I hate that.
  And so bypass that.
  I think there's there was a steel fan and which got like I think like there were like seven deaths or something like that.
  I kind of made that up but now there's the phantoms revenge which is a terrible name for this family.
  It's like and then we'll go on that which I've heard is great.
  I haven't been on that's brand new.
  And then you know we'll just hit we'll funnel cake it up.
  Oh boy.
  Get a get a nice funnel cake get some pierogies.
  It's very Pittsburgh still and I want to think that Kenny would is still hasn't been kind of like bought by Disney and commodified in some way.
  And it's still just because it did feel up to high school like oh man this is so local in the best way.
  You know it was all like local businesses and stuff kind of like had shops there at the most.
  And then there was also like the old mill which is a watch.
  I check out the old mill and that's like a dark boat ride.
  Yeah that is like out of the like it could be in someone's house.
  I don't want to I don't want to trip you up here but you know it was a horny ride.
  Become of though really kind of a tunnel of love situation.
 Oh yeah.
 Is that the one we were taught is that did that be this is saying what is become.
  Great Garfield's nightmare.
  That's what this is now with this this classic old mill ride is now Garfield's nightmare.
  Day glow.
  Black light.
  You want to expect I'm just there's no sound.
  I just want to play this video while we talk about it so we can all picture Garfield's nightmare.
  All right.
  I have the official website description here Garfield America's favorite fat cat definitely lives here and he's having a nightmare created in bright fluorescent colors all seen under black light.
  This 3D experience provides a fun and colorful trip through Garfield's world turned completely upside down.
  Oh what everyone wants.
 Yeah.
  So this is a video of a very great footage.
  Oh my gosh.
  So just just so we can picture it.
  Don't get too upset.
  Home.
  Oh yeah.
  Well it's a nightmare.
  So you're driving Pepsi advertisement.
  Pepsi and Ruffles logos in it and you're just driving by screens with Garfield.
  You're driving by full three panel Garfield cartoons painted day glow and then monsters start.
  It must have taken me minutes to choose this trip.
  There's Garfield's home a lot of like it looks like knockoff.
  It looks like third party like knockoff knockoff pictures of Garfield.
  Yeah.
  Like Jim Davis could be bothered to draw them.
  They'd be airbrushed on a t-shirt.
  Jim Davis is raking in cash from this.
  This looks like they've just like subverted doing the rights to it.
  They were just like all right let's just figure it out if they complain.
  The voice which we are not listening to does not sound like on brand Lorenzo music.
  It sounds like they got close ish.
  Yeah it's not it's not that far off.
  Yeah.
  But you're just passing by like regulars.
  They're kind of on the scarier end of Garfield comics but not really.
  Look at this though.
  That's a menacing dog.
  Right.
  But that's not like a Garfield thing.
  Not particularly.
  What's funny is like Garfield's nightmare.
  Garfield's nightmare is just like regular Garfield comic strips.
  Like that's the horror.
  Yeah.
  There's a big spider though.
  Well no that's a big spider.
  Garfield's afraid of big spiders like any of us would be.
  Yeah I mean of course because a big theme in Garfield is like terror.
  Like.
  Yeah famously.
  It's trying to scare you.
  Garfield.
  It's all about John's fear of.
  Dying alone.
  Loneliness.
  Yeah yeah dating anxiety.
  That's really what the ultimate nightmare of Garfield is.
  Yeah John the blank man's non-person.
  Am I going to be alone just because I'm so boring.
  It's a fish eating Garfield.
  Getting eaten by a fish that's the best thing so far and the most 3D thing as well.
  And now there's.
  Oh and then you get a little break so it's a strip.
  That's funny it makes you giggle and then it's a scare where Garfield's getting eaten by a fish.
  You don't know if you're laughing or screaming at any moment in this ride.
  And you don't know whether you're seeing a beaker in a test tube or a bag of Fritos.
  Uh oh.
  Pull up this ride at home if you guys are listening.
  Yeah nurse with a giant needle.
  Oh and Odie's butt fucking him.
  Sorry.
  And then more like.
  He's getting butt fucked by Odie.
  Odie's still dumb.
  Stuck his tongue up his butt.
  That would be Garfield's nightmare though.
  No.
  Odie is dominant over me.
  Giant Lichtenstein-esque panels that you're just constantly floating by.
  Wait that's a pizza.
  They missed an opportunity to have a lasagna.
  Are you joking?  There's like no lasagna in this ride.
  I'm not a fan.
  One of these rooms should just be empty lasagna platters.
  Like oh no there's no more lasagna.
  But it's not.
  I don't like Jim Davis.
  Is he still alive cranking out this crap?  I'm not sure if there's still new ones but he's alive.
  I think there are new ones but who knows if he's really.
  It's like a generator.
  Yeah right.
  He has his nephew just go like.
  Bust out some scripts.
  His brain's been uploaded to a computer like Stephen Hawking.
  And he sort of like waves his fingers.
  He doesn't have the issues that Stephen Hawking has.
  He's just lazy.
  Like Garfield.
  He weighs 500 pounds.
  Connected to machines.
  More breakfast lasagna please.
  Two minutes more of this.
  Good god.
  What a fun ride.
  Cat Stew.
  That's Garfield's nightmare.
  This other Garfield's nightmare is they're making him a cat stew.
  A bunch of mice with salt and pepper.
  Oh my god it's John's on again off again girlfriend at the end of the ride.
  Arlene is her name.
  No that's Arlene is Garfield's girlfriend.
  Oh you're right the sexy cat.
  Yeah the sexy cat.
  That made me horny when I was a kid.
  Arlene cat looks good.
  There's no Nermal though.
  No Nermal.
  No Nermal.
  No Nermal's dumb right.
  Nermal was nice I think.
  Insufferably cute.
  Yeah and Garfield wanted to get rid of Nermal.
  Yeah I get Garfield's frustration.
  Yeah we can all relate.
  I think that's why Garfield's Nightmare is so why we can all relate to it.
  Let me ask you is that better than the original ride?  The old mill.
  Is that what the old mill and Kennywood is now?  Yes the old mill is that.
  Oh I didn't realize that that was the old mill.
  They just ripped the old mill.
  They just sent you to the old mill.
  Well I would go on that I mean the old mill was like again chicken wire and then like out in this yard of the ride there would be like a pirate you know like a treasure thing and.
  Pirate treasure with like skeletons all over it and so it was not good.
  Sounds like that's better.
  Yeah no that I think it's better.
  Yeah it would it would be it's a little trippier I guess there's more attention to detail.
  Yeah it's kind of a psychedelic ride actually.
  It's in the small genre of psychedelic rides like the we were just talking the other day about the what's that whiter shade of pale.
  No what is that?  Knights and Whites.
  Not whiter yeah Knights and Whites sat in the ride.
  Knights and Whites sat in the ride.
  There's a ride of Knights and Whites sat in the ride.
  Are you joking?  No but there was.
  There was.
  There used to be.
  My god.
  Hard Rock theme park in South Carolina.
  Freedom Rock Park.
  In Myrtle Beach.
  There was if you can believe that there was a Hard Rock themed park in Myrtle Beach.
  There was a Zeppelin coaster right.
  There was a ride called Led Zeppelin the ride.
  Wow that's when rock was king.
  Yeah.
  That's cool now it's superheroes.
  Uh huh.
  That's so much cooler that it was like sleazebags.
  Captain America is our new.
  Robert Plant.
  Yeah yeah.
  Jimmy Page.
  Yeah.
  Well so yeah maybe this ride's an improvement.
  Congrats everyone involved in Garfield's Nightmare.
  Yeah.
  You made something terrifying and.
  You fucked it up.
  But it's probably better.
  Can I also say there's a part in the voiceover you can hear Garfield say towards the beginning of the ride when they're letting you.
  They're getting you into it in the expository that he ate Garfield ate too much he says I never met an ice cream truck I didn't like or lick.
  That's really dumb.
  Very.
  But he knows what ice cream trucks are.
  That's infuriating.
  Jim Davis had a butt plug in when he wrote that.
  It was vibrating.
  He was like oh I gotta finish this for Sunday.
  His life is just pure debauchery.
  He's got like a dungeon.
  People are feeding him grapes.
  He has a sex plane.
  Yeah.
  The presidents go on.
  He's got an island.
  Yeah.
  Jim Davis island.
  Well what else what have we not covered in Kennywood World.
  It seems like there's stuff I was reading and I think you haven't been back so like did they have a thing where you could buy like a Vegas cabana in the park.
  Yeah.
  That might have been like an early 20th century thing.
  It says make a great day Kennywood even better and they call them cabanas and they're with a K instead of a C.
  With a Kenny.
  So that's a new thing my bad.
  What is it exactly you get a cabana.
  It's basically you just get a picnic bench with shade and it's seventy five dollars.
  But they didn't do this.
  This isn't a newer thing.
  That's like a VIP table you're playing.
  Yeah right.
  Bottle service.
  Exactly.
  But Kennywood a candy service.
  You get a beautiful cake goo.
  And you get a beautiful view of Pedro's taco stand here.
  Yeah.
  Website.
  They're trying to make it sexy to adults.
  Yeah.
  That's what well actually you know what that is.
  That's just like so you can let your kids run around and you pay seventy five dollars to be in the shade all day.
  Yeah.
  So that makes sense.
  OK.
  But that's newer.
  You didn't have that back in the old days.
  That is newer.
  Yeah.
  As far as I know.
  Another new attraction that says new in 2008.
  Ghostwood Estate this eight room haunted house in Pennsylvania replaces the Gold Rush.
  Guests are armed with blasters which provide guests the opportunity to compete with each other in vehicles by targeting haunted characters throughout the estate.
  Now I like the idea they built like a ghost busting a public domain style ghost busting ride.
  But to me the like Ghostwood Estate sounds like you're fighting like you know the ghost woods the reviled family of Pennsylvania robber barons.
  Oh my God.
  The ghost woods.
  It's a good name.
  Yeah.
  So Ghostwood Estate and I guess it's modeled after like the big old you know so railroad barons or the Melons or stuff.
  That's funny.
  The big old mansion.
  I love it.
  That's what I would get.
  It's like it made it sound like a haunted house.
  It's like the Fricks or the Carnegie's.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well that's cool.
  That's lovely.
  And the Gold Rush I remember now that you mentioned that that so that was like I think you got into cars for that but it was a dark ride that you.
  Yeah.
  There was it was like a dark ride that was like two floors but there was one thrill.
  I think you like go like you take a big dip and it's like there was one thrill.
  There was one like drop or something and it was like oh man the drop.
  But then yeah it was one of those rides where you were like this was fun in 1945.
  Was it about the Gold Rush.
  Was it like we got to get to this mine.
  It was a mine.
  OK.
  Yeah it was a mine.
  So you're in a little car and you walked around and then they were all just like hey I'm a 49er.
  There's one one new arrival in the recent past to Kennywood.
  And by that I mean I eating parasites very recently on the ride Raging Rapids.
  You're going raging rap.
  Oh sure.
  That was a big deal when that happened.
  OK.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  I love those rapids rides but apparently somebody got splashed in the eye and he went back and is suing them claiming that he got an eye eating parasite.
  Oh man.
  I don't know if his eyes were entirely eaten or only partially eaten or only the important parts the corneas and the lids.
  I don't know which part of his eyes.
  What is fascinating about this is that like Disneyland just had an outbreak of Legionnaires disease.
  Right.
  We're like why are theme parks these these ancient diseases are like these.
  You don't hear about it anywhere else except like they're festering in theme parks.
  And Chipotle.
  Anywhere with standing water.
  Why is Chipotle compulsively like.
  Getting different.
  It's crazy.
  Like with thought extinct diseases.
  Yeah.
  80 year old disease.
  They're bringing stuff back.
  From the days of Salk.
  You can get polio from their boy.
  Oh.
  These lines I'm saying today.
  I'm weighing it on thick.
  This is good.
  Awful.
  I mean anyway watch.
  Oh thanks.
  I can think of two words that sound similar.
  So yeah the eye eating parasites.
  Watch out for those.
  What are the two words.
  What's that.
  That sounds similar.
  Polio and poyo is what I was saying.
  Oh so that's what you did.
  I thought of two words that sounded similar.
  I thought you were saying sounded similar to killing it.
  And I was like thrilling shit.
  Oh no that too.
  Yeah man.
  I'm killing it.
  I'm thrilling shit.
  Thrilling shit is the new extreme Kenny Woods slogan.
  Thrilling shit my man.
  The other amusement park too in Pittsburgh.
  Is Sandcastle.
  Which is water slides.
  Oh right right.
  Owned by Kenny Wood as well I believe.
  Is that right.
  They're related.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  Last time I did the kind of water slides where you have to sit on your back like you're in  a coffin and go down and it feels very hardcore.
  And you're like damn that hurt my body.
  First water slides that truly hurt.
  There were a drop slide I guess I'm guessing.
  Because those hurt.
  Like where they pull the floor out.
  The super vertical.
  Oh okay.
  Did they pull the floor out.
  That wasn't a drop slide then.
  I think it's just like a huge deep drop slide.
  Do you know what I mean where like you sit there and there's like a floor and then they  pull it out.
  That's what I thought I was saying.
  I was saying yeah.
  Oh.
  There's like drop slides where there's literally the slide just ends and you just get dumped  in the water.
  Though those I don't think those hurt as bad as the ones that slide you.
  I think you're talking about ones that you literally end up.
  This is like a 1200 foot freaking gigantic thing and you just like go down and you eventually  are just like your feet are hitting the water and it just kind of hurts.
  And you have to cross your legs or else it'll go up into your crotch and stuff.
  It's like that Blizzard Beach thing.
  Yeah yeah.
  That big slide.
  I know what you mean.
  I mean they always were like dude I'm going to jump off.
  And then there was like always a legend like no some dude jumped off and he broke his finger  and he lost all of his teeth and he had to go to the hospital but he was OK or someone  of those little kids.
  Like the very specific thing that kids remember happened.
  And there's yeah.
  So that was the other one.
  And did you ever go to any of these other eight opens the can of worms I guess.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  A ton of theme parks in Pennsylvania.
  You ever go to do Hershey Park.
  Did Hershey Park.
  Yes.
  Oh yeah.
  Hershey Park.
  Yeah.
  And that is two hours away maybe.
  Yeah something like that.
  And the main memory there was there was it was like a rainy day.
  Yeah.
  So it's like I think I as a kid I was like Hershey Park is sad.
  But just because it was a rainy day.
  It always rained there.
  But we went on some I remember going on a janky oh man and I f***ing hate these rides.
  What are they.
  The things where you're leaning up against the wall and they spin and the floor drops  out.
  Oh more like a Gravitron.
  This was called a ROTOR.
  It was the ROTOR.
  And so you go and the floor would drop out on you.
  Like it wasn't a Gravitron it was more hardcore.
  It was more like organized or something.
  I'm like floor drops out and it was just like no.
  And it made me feel and to this day like if it's a spinning like G-Force ride it just  makes me I'm just like I won't do it anymore.
  Like it's it's there's no fun.
  Yeah.
  But then we went on some like like even the Coney Island even you know that roller coaster  that's not the cyclone that's just like it's called like the rat trap or the mouse trap.
  And it's like got two thin ass like rails and it just like seems so dangerous.
  Does it feel like you're going to go off the track?  Yeah.
  And the roller coaster kind of goes and like actually kind of like goes off the track a  couple of times.
  That's a style of coaster.
  Yeah.
  It's really weird.
  Right.
  It's like really dangerous style.
  Yeah.
  I I rode one in South Jersey and then the next the day after I rode it someone died on one  like right with less than 24 hour and it was like because whatever brake mechanism failed  or whatever.
  And they're already very unnerving because like yeah you get to a turn and it turns last  minute or yeah tilt you over a little.
  They were designed by carnies.
  Yeah.
  They were designed by mad and operated and maintained by them.
  Yeah.
  And then in Hershey Park that is next to a ride where you learn about how chocolate is  made.
  Right.
  And then the chocolate world.
  And then when on the chocolate world I was going to say that was the main memory with  the chocolate world and seeing the chocolate be dumped from one like robotic ladle arm  and like into another big vat of chocolate and being like oh my god.
  It blew my freaking mind.
  Yeah.
  Look at all that fucking chocolate.
  And then at the end of the ride you are given or maybe my parents bought a Hershey bar that  is shaped like the little mini Hershey bars which is in the good bar crackle combo shaped  like that.
  But it is gigantic.
  And me and my brothers gnawed on that thing like a cuddle bone for like six years.
  I swear to God it was like in the bag of Legos that we had and we would just like get it  out and be like after a while it's not a dessert anymore.
  But we were it was like all white and stuff.
  Were you worried it would that by the time when you finished it you'd end up kissing  your brother.
  Lady and the tramp in it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We'd get both ends of it.
  Let's not get that down to the bone.
  We made that all the time anyway.
  It wasn't a problem.
  OK.
  When I went as a very young boy I have a distinct memory of like because they give you a free  little candy bar at the end of the ride and stuff and they were giving out I don't remember  the kind I bet I could look it up online.
  It was it was like camouflage on the logo and this was right at the start of Desert  Storm and they're like this is a special chocolate Hershey is made for the soldiers in Iraq to  not and it doesn't melt in the desert heat.
  That's so cool.
  Yeah.
  It was cool.
  And there was also like no line that day.
  So we kept going on and just kept eating this desert storm themed chocolate.
  Who's that Willy Wonka?  Norman Schwartz call.
  Oh my God.
  Storm and Norman.
  Let's wind it back to Kenny with two quick things to hit I think before we left everybody  hanging with whatever this Mickey.
  Oh yeah.
  I don't know what the cliffhanger was.
  I'm sure everybody's been thinking about it.
  OK.
  So I have it here.
  Let me let me pull it up.
  What's the Mickey Dolan's cliffhanger?  We said something before you came in.
  Oh OK.
  This is a classic.
  So like under the like interesting facts part of the Wikipedia page is a fact singer actor  Mickey Dolan's former drummer for the Monkeys often fondly tells audiences at his live shows  that Kenny would was the location of his first ever public appearance.
  He appeared at Kenny would with his elephant in the 1950s when he was known as Circus Boy.
  The television.
  It was the star of a television show called Circus Boy which featured Mickey as Corky a  boy who grows up on the road in a circus.
  And so here is a longer synopsis set in the 1890s.
  The title of the series refers to a boy named Corky after his parents the flying falcons  were killed in a trapeze accident.
  It's the Robin or is there out which is the origin of Dick Grayson.
  Corky was adopted by Joey the clown and the whole Burke and Walsh circus family.
  The young boy quickly found a role with the circus as water boy to bimbo a baby elephant  whom Corky would come to consider his pet.
  Well first of all I've heard of this.
  This is a boy for two years on NBC and ABC and then in syndication.
  I think we already mentioned this but just in case someone's just tuning in in the middle  of the podcast.
  Mickey Dolan is one of the monkeys which was a band a hundred years ago.
  Which is not the Beach Boys a different band.
  Not the Beatles.
  Not Mike Love and Chris Johnson's the Beach Boys.
  They made a TV show that was influenced by movies like Help.
  Yeah the wacky nonsense.
  It was wacky nonsense.
  There are a lot of fancy editing tricks.
  They sped up and disappeared behind trees and came out the other side of a different  tree.
  If you know what Benny Hill looks like that was every other scene.
  They were running fast.
  We're explaining elemental to monkeys.
  And they have great songs.
  Honestly I'm not trying to disparage the monkeys.
  And a very good tone is a band and very good.
  More credit and should be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
  And Circus Boy should be in the circus hall of fame.
  The animal related television show hall of fame.
  And should be in the cool dude hall of fame.
  I saw him at a Beach Boys there you go again tribute show where he wore one of the coolest  hats I've ever seen.
  What a tale.
  That's why I need this podcast to tell great stories like that.
  Well he thought love was only true in fairy tales for a really long time.
  He was under a common misconception.
  Was he ever corrected in that?  Did anything ever change his feelings on it?  Well he just kind of thought it was for someone else but not for him.
  He thought love was out to get him.
  People are now confused because they think you're quoting the lyrics from the movie  Shrek.
  Oh yeah that's right.
  Oh today.
  Because Smash Mouth has a cover of that.
  So most kids now think that's Smash Mouth.
  Steve Harwell was not the first guy to become a believer after seeing a face.
  I want to say one more thing about Kenny before we wrap it up.
  Which is that you taught me the origin that it's a thing in Pittsburgh.
  Kenny Woods open.
  Kenny Woods open.
  Hey dude Kenny Woods open.
  Which means your fly is open.
  So if you and everyone in Pittsburgh knows this who went to elementary school like if  your fly was open.
  Kenny was open dude.
  And so that was like yeah that was the ritual.
  Did you ever have a particularly embarrassing scarring scenario in which your Kenny Woods  was open?  My yeah.
  But it was scarring for everyone else.
  No that's.
  No I signed an NDA.
  You can't talk about it for legal purposes.
  Well I'm all velcro.
  Velcro flies.
  Oh that sounds pleasant.
  More likely your Kenny Wood would be open with Velcro.
  Take some Velcro on the laser loop and see how the physics affect the.
  I know.
  The physics.
  Yeah that was my big.
  That was my last time.
  That was your science thesis.
  How does Velcro keep your Kenny Wood from coming open.
  And I had a great I had a great I got to give a shout out.
  Adam Gerson.
  My he was my chemistry.
  Physics partner I think that he was my physics partner.
  Correct me if I'm wrong but correct me if I'm wrong.
  You're wrong John.
  Facts of life.
  But he did every experiment like and just was actually interested in science and did  it and just let me copy every single thing.
  He saved me so much grief.
  So thank you so much because I was just like hey man can I just.
  He was like oh yeah yeah just copy it all.
  Wow.
  Thank you.
  I love this shit.
  We're all good boys and rule followers.
  We don't like a guy coming in here telling us your academic career is built on lies.
  Yeah I mean a whole year of you might have to sneak that I'm not smart in that way.
  Well I'm still I'm a proponent of you getting the key to to Pittsburgh or to Kenny Wood.
  I want I want I want this Kenny Wood ideal scenario laid out for you and I hope that  your academic malfeasance doesn't prevent that from happening.
  Of course I would be of course that was a joke and I would be gracious upon entering  and say thank look into the eye and thank everyone for coming.
  If they redo Noah's Ark though I feel like you should be in that opening ceremony maybe.
  I would start it by saying there is no God.
  The Bible was written by powerful men to subdue the poor.
  Jesus was perhaps a real man but was inflated into something to suppress.
  Start lecturing people.
  That being said enjoy the bouncy floor of the whale's dung.
  Enjoy the fun.
  Now that that's out there everyone have a great time.
  We're going to be doing some improv.
  Take your picture with the Russell Crowe standee at the end.
  And have a dove shaped funnel gig.
  You know real quick let me just say also in Kenny Wood memories there's a very bizarre  part where you can watch footage from like the 1930s of people going into Noah's Ark  with the narration.
  The entrance walkway was equipped with hidden hoses that would blow air up the women's skirts.
  Oh boy.
  Back when Noah's Ark was like a harassment ride.
  Yeah man we got to get these women's skirts up man.
  What a sleaze ball.
  Oh boy.
  And then of course the logical part where we blow up women's skirts on the Bible ride.
  No like Noah would want.
  Give a view to those hippos.
  Noah was in an 80's sex comedy.
  You know what who knows what Noah was into.
  He's into some pre-medieval dark ages coming out of the copper age.
  He was probably into some nasty sex with members of his freaking family.
  And by the way he got four of some of those so he could have some mistress that was like  hippopotamus.
  Noah married a tiger when he was 700 and then he's fully passed.
  John Daly you have survived podcast the ride.
  Thank you for being here.
  Thanks for having me.
  This is the best podcast ever.
  Oh wow.
  A strong declaration.
  I hope you don't say that on all of them.
  I'm going to go check.
  I don't.
  Hey alright we got it.
  That was easy.
  Pretty good.
  Anything you want to plug or alert everybody to while you got the ear of millions of people.
  Watch my short film Men.
  Myself and Gil Ozari made a short film on Super Deluxe.
  It's called Men.
  I love it.
  Check it out on superdeluxe.
com.
  Do that.
  Anything you guys want to plug?  How about our official channels?  Podcast the ride on Twitter and Instagram and podcast the ride at Gmail if you want to  talk to us via electronic mail.
  Again send us these questions.
  We want to do a mail bag.
  Ask us questions you guys.
  Get into the podcast.
  Become huge fans and ask us questions.
  Give us the fandom we so adore we so require.
  Hey thanks so much for joining us and we'll see you on our podcast.
  Thank you so much.
  Goodbye.
  Look at my look at my full body.
