 Warning! Today's episode contains a stomach-churning live taste test of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans,  a firm stance on adult-poo-based theme park leisure wear,  sincere pining for J.
K.
 Rowling-approved meat pies.
  All that, and Jessica McKenna joins us for a spellbinding discussion about the wizarding world of Harry Potter,  but just the Hogsmeade Park.
 It's Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three men who all share the same childhood best friend,  the chunky Epcot Center robot Smart One.
 Joining me as always Scott Gairdner.
  Yeah.
 And Jason Sheridan.
 Hi.
  And today we are joined by a very special guest from the improvised musical podcast Off Book.
  Is that right? Is that the name of it? Yeah.
 Okay, cool.
  I'm right.
 Jessica McKenna.
  Guys.
 Hi.
 Hi Jess.
 I said the name of it.
  I was like, that's I wrote it down, but I go, wait, was that wrong?  It seems wrong as I said it.
 So I didn't want to mess the plug up.
  Thank you.
 Now that I have that I can leave.
  Wait, no.
 Hey, come back.
 I'll just add the sound effect of like clunk, clunk, clunk door slam.
  Jess, you do have a reputation as the candiest podcast guest.
  She's so good.
 She gets her plug and then she gets out.
  In and out.
 In and out.
 Podcast world.
 You got eight more podcasts today where you're doing the same thing.
  Yeah, every 15 minute interval.
 Ghosting.
  So yeah, today you're joining us to talk about Harry Potter.
  Thank God.
 Specifically the universal Harry Potter world, which is not what that's called.
  The Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
 Right.
  But is that, to be really proper with our titles, is that what you call the entire thing, including Diagon Alley?  Yes.
 Oh, Jason says yes.
 Very authoritative.
  Like the, I believe the marketing is the Wizarding World of Harry Potter is like the overall thing.
  And then it's Hogsmeade for the village and Diagon Alley for Diagon Alley.
  So there's like a dash in between Wizarding World.
  And we are focused mainly today on Hogsmeade, which is currently open at Universal Hollywood.
  Right.
 And what was open in 2010 at Islands of Adventure,  although they have since expanded the Harry Potter world with Diagon Alley  and the train that connects the two parts.
 Oh my God, it's magical.
  Guys, I need to make a pilgrimage.
  I actually have been to Islands of Adventure Wizarding World, but when it was only Hogsmeade.
  Like I went, my mom gambles a lot and gets gambling perks.
  Oh sure.
 She gets basically a cruise a year.
 Great.
  And she, because she's the sweet kind mother that she is, she was like,  do you want to do like one out of Florida and we'll go a few days early and we'll go to the Wizarding World?  My mom, not a Harry Potter fan, just did this for me.
  Wow.
 Yeah, that's real nice.
  Yeah.
 And we stayed at like a park that got us that hour early entry.
  Yes, yeah, of course.
 Which was clutch because like we did all of, we did like,  you know, Forbidden Journey and we did, you know,  like the Florida one has the repurposed dragon ride,  which I had been on when it was just the ice dragon fire dragon.
  Then it got transformed to be part of Wizarding World.
  We did that and then we went back and when we went back you had to like wait in line  and get a ticket to like come back in and out.
 Like it was so packed.
  Yes.
 Oh yeah.
 They were really doing that in both sections down there in Florida when it first opened.
  And here in Hollywood too, they were experimenting with it early on.
  Now it's calmed down.
 Yeah.
 And you can sort of get it anytime.
  Yeah, so I gotta get back.
 I was going to say there's a thing with credit cards I'm doing right now.
  Where you give you a lot of points.
 I don't want to get into it.
  Yes.
 What did you say? Credit card churning.
 Churning?  Yeah.
 Is that a thing? I think that's what it's called.
  When you like open a bunch of cards and you like, oh get all the points.
  I guess I am churning in a way.
 Yeah.
  There's something called like spend money on specific things with specific cards for point building purposes.
  Yes, but I mean what I'm doing right now is called the Chase trifecta.
  And it's a series of three different Chase cards  and they all work in tandem to get you different points for different purchases.
  So plus in addition to this these bonuses I'm saving on getting all these points and we're going to go to Tokyo.
  Oh.
 So I would recommend the Chase trifecta and we can certainly discuss it off air.
  Mike, that's great.
 That's great you're promoting this little upstart company Chase Bank.
  I just think they're a.
.
.
 And the Chase Bank representative is nodding.
  He got his plug.
 He's leaving.
 He's putting his small pistol away.
  He's off to another podcast.
 Yeah.
 Thank you Chase Man.
  He'll be menacing John Gabris very shortly.
  Yeah, so Daigon is great.
 Go to it.
 I can't wait.
  So let's before we get into it.
 Like let's let's get into a different thing.
  Let's talk about like your history with theme parks.
 What your feeling is about them.
  What you like dislike.
 Well, I'm a I'm a SoCal native.
  So I am grew up having like annual passes to Disneyland.
  Love it.
 Love Disneyland very deeply.
 Have been to Disney World three times.
  So I have almost no connection with world.
 One of those was when I was three.
  So like still pretty good.
 That's a lot for a West coaster.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 One of them was like very very brief.
  I would say and then one time I went in college with like a bunch with a college improv team road trip from Chicago to Orlando.
  24 hours straight of driving.
 Holy shit.
  Yeah, it was insane, but we only went to Magic Kingdom.
  So I have never been to Epcot as an adult never been to you know,  Animal Kingdom haven't been to what used to be MGM and now is just Hollywood Hollywood.
  Yeah, we're waiting for any second.
 Our new names coming down the pike  and we don't want to say one until it's more than just a rumor,  but we do know we do know no won't be called Marvel.
  I don't think I know we don't know just changing the name of the Hollywood Park again.
  We had there was a list of rumors,  but there is what Scott is being coy that with a name that's the rumor.
  I know he doesn't want me to say this but you know,  go ahead whatever it's going to be called Disney's sin imagine.
  They think it is sin imagine Park such a no valid sources.
  Scott doesn't like this these rumors.
 I'm these are very like crazy.
  These are not backed up to a bit.
  We got to get it.
 I want to see this on a reputable on a laughing place or a mice.
  Screamscape you trust screamscape.
com which is another website aggregate.
  So I don't know if I can't because they're pulling from lots of difference.
  So depending on where they're pulling it from yeah,  screamscape has always been kind of a rag.
  Let's be honest.
 Yeah, and now the screen skate screamscape rep is furious walking out of the room.
  Yeah, we blew our connection there.
  But hey, no, we've got there's been legit scoops.
  That's from them too.
 I don't want to throw them under the bus and maybe need maybe a better graphic designer.
  I'll say that's yes.
  Look we can all elevate each other is what I'm saying.
  It's all us in the theme park media,  which we're in now rising tides.
  Come on guys.
 Yeah, but I love theme parks.
  I grew up going to not a good amount.
  Are you Orange County? Yep.
 Okay.
  Not a lot of Six Flags was a bit of a bit more of a drive  and bit more of a rumored to be just full of gangs.
  Like there was this story when hair wraps were really popular.
  Like you'd go on a beach vacation with your family  and you'd get like your your hair wrapped in thread  and a little like charm at the bottom.
 Do you guys know? Yeah, you guys know what I'm talking about?  I'm scared where this is going.
 There was like a story that a 10 year old girl her  she had like a blue one and it was like ripped out of her head by a blood which a hundred percent is not true.
  Wow, like there's no way that's true.
  But that's like the Orange County like everybody's like super conservative.
  Like you can't go there cuz gangs will rip your hair wrap right out of your head.
  But I did go to Six Flags like as sort of a reward.
  It was a reward for passing this certain level of piano  and that was a really good Six Flags trip where I went on Colossus for the first time.
  Six Flags great coasters been back, you know more as an adult but Disneyland grew up going a lot,  you know, like I waited in line the opening week of Indiana Jones.
  Oh wow.
 Three hour line, you know in second grade wearing a Taz shirt,  which now I hate when I go to Disneyland.
  I see people wearing properties that are also at different theme parks.
  You want to support this corporation? Yeah, I hate but you know,  I hate seeing a Disneyland sweatshirt at Wizarding World.
 I'm like,  come on man.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Don't worry.
 Yeah, it feels like a shots fire.
  Yeah, because the Disneyland's obviously the king of the castle.
  So, but it is kind of like, yeah,  I think so.
 It is kind of like though where you're supposed to not wear this t-shirt of the band.
  Yeah.
 At the band's concert.
 In general.
  Amusement parks or just in general.
 In general,  I'm like, how old are you? What level of what are you wearing?  Like are you an adult? You're wearing like a cool vintage Mickey sweatshirt.
 Cool.
  Are you wearing anything in the poo universe?  This is weird.
 Are you wearing anything that's like from a dwarf?  Are you like over 20 and wearing a grumpy sweatshirt?  I'm giving you some side eye.
 I mean the grumpy sweatshirt is a valuable warning device that people should not approach that person  until they've had their coffee.
 That person's a grump! Absolutely.
  You're right.
 I haven't been thinking of it that way.
  There's a whole the grumpy line is just for dads.
  Yes.
 And it's been that way forever.
  And it's a shirt that will just you can buy for your father that just says,  hey, you're a grumpy dickhead.
  And that's like sort of the whole thing.
 This shirt you're wearing right now is rad.
  Thank you.
 I like this shirt and I'm wearing a Harry Potter shirt that is like,  yeah, nice.
 This type of shirt where you name,  you know, you have a list of names.
 What do you call this type of shirt?  I feel like I was trying to describe this.
 Ampersand lists? Yeah, yeah.
  But yeah, it's all the Helvetica, Ampersand lists.
  While we're doing a shirt check, let's go over and see what Jason's wearing.
  Oh, right.
 So Mike brought me, gave me this for my birthday back from when he was in Orlando.
  It's a Margaritaville blue polo shirt like a dad would buy on vacation.
  Very good.
 I've been to that Margaritaville.
  Yeah, it rules.
 It fucking rules.
  So we got the seaplane outside and those gigantic Adirondack chairs,  right? Yes.
 Huge Adirondack chairs, which you can buy.
  And oh, yeah, you can buy.
 I was actually not in Orlando,  but in New Jersey, you know, one of like the beach supply stores had a bunch of them on clearance at the end of the summer,  but they were all wood and already put together.
  And I'm like, oh, how would I get that back to Southern California?  That's a great shirt.
 But yeah, this shirt is clearly made for someone who wants to be comfortable  because it's like very properly fitted in some ways and then like a tent in other ways.
  Okay, everybody's got shoulders, but let's not worry about after that.
 Just make it a billowy.
  Yeah, just make it a billowy.
 Whatever your shape is, it'll fit under the tent.
  That's great.
 I feel like men's polo shirts already.
  It's like there's two options.
 It like stops right at the waist or it's real long.
  And this is definitely trending towards the ladder.
  Yeah, I also told Mike, there was one or two times I almost wore it before.
  So he, like an aunt who gave you a sweater, could see me wearing it.
  But then it was times we were hanging out.
 We didn't say where we were going to eat.
  And I'm like, we could end up at that Margaritaville and people might think I work there.
  Like people might be complaining about their dipping sauces to me.
  It wouldn't be the worst thing in the world, though.
  Yeah.
 If you just accidentally got a job at the Margaritaville at City Walk.
  Hey, you know, could be my new life.
  Sir, we haven't gotten a pass from the balloon artist on the stilts yet.
  Oh, OK.
 Sorry.
 Let me look into that.
 I'm very sorry.
  She's been on the East Side for a while now.
  I also have, not even thinking about what we were today,  I got this Hervis tumbler as a stocking set for this year at Christmas.
  And it's got the Marauder's Map on it.
 Very good.
  I'm drinking some coffee out of it.
 I'm also rocking some lightning bolt earrings.
  But yep, this is great.
 This is all standard.
 Standard operating.
  Yeah, you're wearing.
 So yeah, to go back to what you were talking about,  like that's there's a cool way to dress as an adult at these places and a not cool way.
  Like if I'm taking if I have kids and I'm taking them, I could go full nerd.
  Don't care.
 Oh, sure.
 But when you're a childless person at a theme park.
  You know, yeah.
 I think the try our demo guys like I'm right there with you.
  I just think there's you can go for it.
  And like I don't I certainly don't want to like pretend like I'm some sort of too cool for school.
  But like there's a certain like there is a certain line of clothing that just makes me  and from when I was a kid, not even like as an adult,  like I was eight being like that dad shouldn't be wearing so much Tigger swag,  you know, like there's just like there are certain characters that I feel like I think Mickey is safe.
  I think any of the core is safe.
 Mickey is a cipher.
  Mickey, you can paint anything on him and it makes sense.
  Anything Mickey.
 I think you can wear anything, Donald.
  I think you can wear anything goofy and you're just like, yeah, you're just a Disney fan.
  Once you go into the other properties, I think you got to be careful.
  I think some of it looks well a little specific and like garish  and whenever they try to make it part of a current clothing trend by current.
  I mean 15 years old by the time Disney thinks of it.
  Like it's like it looks like it's supposed to be like an affliction shirt,  but it's just like it's just like saying like all the villains names.
  I'm like, no, I don't want to see you wear that.
  Like that's horrible, right?  You know the bigger the face on the shirt too,  if it's Ursula taking over the entire collar to to bottom,  that's that's a little obnoxious.
  And now that there's all this like it's, you know, Star Wars and Marvel are incorporated.
  There's like so many other things you can wear.
  Have you guys seen the like hip girl Star Wars clothes?  Yes.
 It's wild.
  Yeah.
 I can't decide if I love it or hate being like pandered to.
  Yeah, there's like a good version of it where they're making like girl little girl dress-up clothes that are like,  it looks like a princess dress, but it's like droid and they have obviously like Rey dress up  and they've all this kind of like new stuff that I think is for kids is like really awesome.
  I'm like, this is great.
  Yeah, that a girl who like like Star Wars, but as a little girl,  he can wear like a tutu, but it looks like C3PO.
  I think that's rad.
 But then they have this line of like it's supposed to look like vintage clothing.
  It's like little cardigans that just have like in embroidering like BB-8 or like a cool sweater,  but it's just a porg or yeah,  like truly like poodle skirts.
 I went twice at Christmas because  Disneyland Christmas is my single favorite thing in the world.
  I mean, it's great.
 It's incredible.
  And I was like, do I love this? Do I love this like reaching out and being like Star Wars is for all for all?  Or do I hate? I think the Star Wars stuff for men and women that I tend to like are like decent quality,  like vintage looking soft shirts that use like a lot of the 80s.
  There was a long run of 80s Star Wars comic books that Marvel put out and now it's all back in the same roof again.
  And so like if you can like beat up that shirt a little and use some of that art where it's like,  oh look, it's the character, you know, but it's also like the comic artists of their time put their own kind of spin on it  and it looks kind of faded and vintagey like that.
 I tend to gravitate towards.
  I agree.
 I think those are cool.
 This is like and I think this is also winking to the like growing thing of like the Dapper Days stuff.
  Oh yeah.
 So this is like big time like you could buy this and wear it to Dapper Days.
  Yes.
 Which I'm assuming your listening audience knows what Dapper Days is.
  Yeah, Dapper Days when people get dressed up in nice clothing, often anachronistic clothing.
  It's kind of in reference to that you used to dress up to go to Disneyland in the 50s and 60s.
  You watch old footage of people on the Matterhorn and they're all in like very fine suits.
  Like what Archie would wear to a dance.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  But also what's this, there's this crazy Disney founding.
  The old Archie by the way, not the new Riverdale, sorry.
  Oh yes, yes.
  Disney founding, yeah that's a whole other thing where people like wear outfits that kind of nod towards characters.
  Yes, because adults are not allowed to wear costumes at Disneyland.
  Yes.
  So there's like a, there is like a population that has figured out like different ways to, yeah you'll dress in like the color palette of Ursula.
  Uh huh.
  And like or you know the, you'll dress in like the color palette and the way that you wear like,  like you're a guy who is just wearing like a white shirt and pants but you have like a big red belt so you kind of look like Prince Eric.
  But like I have a friend from high school who's like getting sort of Instagram famous for being like into both cosplay and a lot of Disney specific cosplay.
  Yeah sure.
  And Disney bounding.
  Um and I'm like this is this whole world of this girl I did like choir and theater with and I'm like where can she now?  And I'm like, I like thousands of followers on Instagram for being in this community.
  Yeah.
  And just to like meld our topics today guys.
  Yeah.
  To just talk so much already on this podcast.
  Yeah.
  She is part of this thing, she does like princess stuff like I think she sort of like got through the back door of like she was like a party princess, maybe still is.
  And then started getting like better and better at it like her like really really good at doing like the makeup and her wigs got better and like getting better events and whatever.
  And she's part of this group that does like sorts Disney princess into Harry Potter houses.
  So she does this whole look where she's Anna from Frozen as a Hufflepuff.
  Oh my.
  In like a cute school girl Hufflepuff outfit.
  Whoa.
  And she's like Anna like braids and freckles and like Elsa is in Slytherin and she'll take like photos with another girl who's like a Slytherin Elsa.
  And they're like if they went to Hogwarts.
  Yeah.
  Can we pull out like a whiteboard or something?  Can you draw some lines between that?  I need to keep track mentally of how this works.
  Yeah.
  And they like look good.
  Like they look like cute and like the out, like I'm like I see why.
  Right people.
  The attention to detail of like cosplay stuff.
  Yeah.
  Is incredible nowadays.
  Yeah.
  So that's her specialty is that area?  I don't know.
  I think like Disney princess, Disney stuff is more her specialty but she'll do and I think yeah everything is kind of besides this Harry Potter crossover everything's now in Disney universe.
  Like she'll do some like Mary Jane cosplay.
  She'll do some, she'll do like some Star Wars stuff.
  Another princess crossover she did for, they did she did for some event for princess, for Disney princesses as Pokemon trainers.
  Wow.
  Whoa.
  And you're telling us this is popular on Instagram?  I mean she has like 16,000 followers.
  Yeah that's good.
  Yeah.
  You can do this now.
  Yeah.
  You can do this.
  You get a big following doing that.
  All of this stuff is just, we all want this stuff to be real so bad.
  Yes.
  And it just comes out in different ways.
  Like obviously the theme park and the immersive lands, this Harry Potter land we're going to talk about and then Star Wars land.
  That's getting closer to us like living there.
  But then it's like you're following these real people now on Instagram.
  So that's like, I feel like that's the better you can make people go like, oh yeah, now I know like one of the princesses.
  You feel like you're liking Elsa.
  I'm liking the real Elsa.
  I have a different friend from camp who's really into like Harry Potter cosplay.
  She has like basically like she looks, she does a really good Luna.
  She like kind of has the look anyway and she's like full Ravenclaw out and will just like do photo shoot.
  Because here's the difference, you can be in costume in Wizarding World.
  Yes, you can.
  Which is wild because the costume and the like staff outfits are identical.
  Yeah, the merchandise, the merch is very, I don't want to get ahead of myself, but the merch is very good at Harry Potter.
  And yeah, it looks, the cast member clothing and the merch you can buy as a souvenir is identical and you could put it on right there.
  It's very easy to put a cloak on over Levi's and the t-shirts.
  And yeah, and people just walk around all ages and are like super into it and it's really cool.
  I mean it helps, like JK Rowling has, Rowling? Rowling?  Rowling.
  Rowling has approval over everything and that I'm sure will keep coming up today.
  Like that kind of adds why everything is so good.
  So you go up that Universal Hill, you can cosplay as Harry Potter, you can cosplay as a shift manager at Margaritaville.
  Yeah, that's what I will go.
  That's how we started on this, me talking about this shirt by Broadway.
  So yeah, you are wearing the ampersand shirt, you're wearing the earrings.
  Would you go further or have you at Wizarding World? Would you go, would you buy a cloak?  I don't have a cloak.
 The cloaks, I mean, I'm into the school sweater.
 I have, I have like from just like before, I have like a Gryffindor tie.
  And I have like a Gryffindor track jacket from high school, like when Hot Topic like started selling like a few items.
  Oh yeah.
  I think it even says like Gryffindor Seeker on the back, I'm not sure.
  And I think I would go sweater for sure.
  Oh sure.
  I would go cloak.
  So there's a pretty casual way to do it, or the scarf I'd imagine.
  Yeah, I think I've worn the scarf.
 I have a Gryffindor scarf, but it's like, again, I remember when there used to be like Warner Brothers stores in malls that started carrying Harry Potter products.
  You're talking Scott's language here.
  In the last month, I watched a corporate in-house video, several of them, one from 93, one from 94, showing, it was like, we've made a lot of, there's been tremendous growth this year within the Warner Brothers studio store.
  And within that found like weirdo stuff of like, and we're opening, we're opening a location in Atlantic City and here now is our new investor, Donald Trump.
  Oh my God.
  You can watch Donald Trump and little Ivanka taking photos with Batman or whatever.
  I even hate these people already.
 The fact that she got to go as a little girl and hang out with Batman and Bugs Bunny and stuff.
  Oh my God.
  They're insane videos.
  That's crazy.
  But were those still open where Harry Potter merch was a possibility?  Yes.
  Really?  I thought they were closed long ago.
  Right at the end I think.
  Yes, right at the end.
 So there's one, there was one in the Brea mall, so not far.
 I mean, I can hear the Disneyland fireworks from my backyard.
  Wow.
  Oh, you're a Belinda.
  Yeah, yeah.
 So Brea is our mall.
  You ever go to the Black Gold Country Club?  Yes.
  That was what I started.
 I had like a really great brunch there with a bunch of mimosas and it got me golfing.
 That was four years ago.
 I've golfed ever since.
  Oh, that's great.
  I was so delighted by the Black Gold Country Club.
  Yeah, very familiar with Black Gold Country Club.
  Was there ever like, was there like a prom or anything there?  I think there have not, I not like in my time.
  I think we, that is there, there was like, I think I went there one night like with friends and we like tried to roll around on the slick, like sprinkled grass.
  Oh, nice.
 There you go.
  But it's a good country club.
  Yeah, an illegal event.
  Yeah, ooh, mischief, mischief.
  So Brea Mall had one and I remember like, so Harry Potter got purchased by Warner Bros.
 like they got the movie rights when I was like in seventh or eighth grade, and that was like the last year that that store was open, and they had very few products but they did have some like I remember I got a just all black mug that in gold writing just in the Harry Potter font just at Harry Potter, and I got like, I think I got a stuffed Hedwig.
  And I got two posters that were, but they were just like cartoon.
 It was like Harry playing Quidditch and like, I can't remember what the other one was, but we talk in pre movies.
  Yeah, wow, movies weren't out yet.
  They had the license to they already had like, yeah, because they had bought the rights they were starting pre production.
 And so all the products were like, they, they were like, they just would say Harry Potter, they'd be like really simple they weren't yet like things that had like the likeness  of the people who are in the movie.
  And now this I around the time of the first movie coming out like Universal was not the first part to have Harry Potter movie world Australia briefly had a walkthrough of like sets around the time of the first and second movies.
  Amazing.
  And they were closed very quickly after that, because then they they made the universal deal.
 This would have also likely been the time that Disney with lots of rumors over the years that Disney took meetings early on and fucked up like they like  they had proposed like some very small Harry Potter attractions, as opposed to Universal who handed over like, take it all, take it all here is a checkbook.
  Right, right, however much you want on planning explosives at the Gibson amphitheater already.
  Yeah, this is yours.
  That's awesome.
  But yeah, Disney much more protective much more hands on and Universal like yeah gave the JK Rowling like full control like final say over everything where like there has been times where stuff had to be taken down because she was like no that doesn't look right.
  She apparently she like checked everything on the menus.
 She I'm sure we'll do a bigger run about food later but she like personally taste tested everything apparently.
  Oh, is that right?  Yeah, it's whatever.
  Hell yeah.
  It shows.
  So you as a big Harry Potter fan, do you remember finding out that the theme parks were coming down the pike?  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, watching a video of like a fly through like a broom.
  A broom through?  A broom through of like what they thought it would look like.
  And I think what year did Florida open? 2009?  So here, let's get some numbers out there.
  Orlando opened in 2010 with the leads of the movie there.
 Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, right? Rupert Grint and Daniel Radcliffe.
  Were they part of some weird skit? Our favorite thing? Weird opening skits?  Yeah, we love weird opening skits.
  I didn't know that they did weird opening.
 I think they just kind of like waved to the press and rode the rides and walked around.
  They're big enough stars.
 They don't have to like memorize dialogue.
  I mean their performances in the ride are great.
  Yeah, and they got them all back for the ride.
 John Williams conducted the Orlando Symphony Orchestra for played the score at the opening.
  Really? He did?  Which is crazy since he stopped writing the scores after the first two.
  Oh, okay.
  I mean like they still would reuse his themes, but he didn't write additional music after the first two, I believe.
  Yeah.
 Although when they opened Diagon Alley, the supporting cast were the ones that there.
 Like, Ella Mabonham Carter was the biggest star.
  She was still pretty good.
  And they're new in the rides there too.
  That's true.
 She's a new presence in the Gringotts ride.
  That's true, yeah.
 And of course, what are their names? The Phelps brothers?  Oliver and James?  James, yeah.
 I believe they just live at Universal Parks now.
 Like they wheel them out anytime there's a new sandwich on the menu.
  Like they wheel them out to give it.
 And they're great at it.
 They're great as presenters.
  The Warwick Davis of.
.
.
 Although, wait, no, he's in Harry Potter too.
 But they're like the mascots forever of the things they were in.
  Yeah.
 So 2010 in Orlando, 2014 in Japan, and 2016 here in Hollywood for the Hogsmeades.
  What does Japan have?  Japan has the Black Lake next to it.
 And has real owls.
 Like you can meet real owls.
 That is the main difference between the Japan one.
  Do they have both Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley?  They're building Diagon Alley, right?  I believe so, yeah.
  They're building Diagon Alley but without the Hogwarts Express, which is wild.
  So they've started with Hogsmeade, much like here.
 Because, rumor that LA will expand.
  Well, it's taken.
.
.
 We've been waiting.
 And no announcement.
 And no announcements.
  And now we have these signs about the dang DreamWorks Amphitheater.
 Like when that construction started next to it.
  Man, I'm jumping ahead.
 But it was like.
.
.
 I was like, boom, here we go.
 Ding, ding.
  But it's like a DreamWorks thing.
  Yes, it's just they're repurposing the Shrek Theater to be the Kung Fu Panda Theater.
  And it's not.
.
.
 There's also not enough room there for Diagon.
  So there are.
.
.
  That's a good question in general.
 Where does it go?  Because there are rumors that they're going to move the tram tour queue.
  And then there's going to be a Hogwarts Express down the hill, essentially.
  That'd be great.
  It's such a steep incline.
 To build a comfortable train would take some crazy engineering.
  When I worked there, I got driven around on golf carts around that lot.
  And they're all super steep.
 It's a little scary moving around around there.
 So you gotta be careful.
  We had an intern there and they would send us up to CityWalk sometimes to pick up lunch.
  And there were times where it's like, is this golf cart going to get up this hill?  I parked in some lot once for an audition on the Universal lot.
  And when I was leaving, accidentally drove into the tram ride.
  It's very easy.
  It's so easy to just accidentally be on the tram tour.
  I had to back up.
 It was right before they were going into the King Kong tunnel.
  I was like, wait a second.
  Oh, shit.
  I shouldn't be driving towards this skull display.
  Yeah, because that's one of the things that's unique about Universal Hollywood.
  It is a theme park built into a movie studio, which is also a corporate headquarters.
  So you could be one of any number of disciplines or jobs or lifestyles crossing through each actors and executives and tourists.
  My Ryan partner and partner on the podcast, Zach Reno and I both have passes.
  And any time that we have a meeting near there, we go pop in, pop in.
  And we say, welcome home.
  We cross the threshold and we say, welcome home.
  Do you turn to each other and say it or do you just shout it?  To each other.
  OK.
  The day that me and Ryan Perez, past guest of the show, that we ended up on the lot for something.
  And we got to like, we like went and were part of Jaws.
  We like went and reacted at the dock and like pretended we were supposed to be.
  That's very fun.
  We acted like robots.
  So you were trespassing.
  You were just trespassing?  Yeah.
  And then we did get caught in the reaction.
  Just like, you guys supposed to be here?  Yeah.
  No, you're not.
  No, you're right.
  All right.
  Well, get out of here.
  Like that's as far as it goes.
  And nobody's like, people loose on the lot.
  It's not it's not what happened to the gang from Big Fat Liar.
  Yes.
  We wrote that in there.
  The magic of the lot coming to life for two special children.
  What a film.
  Every like every decade, there's some new movie that just uses the lot.
  It was The Wizard with Fred Savage, then Big Fat Liar.
  Waiting on that new one.
  Just using everything as is.
  Yeah.
  So yeah.
  So Japan has the Black Lake.
  Here at Hollywood, we have, we can see a cool feature of Hogsmeade here.
  And they said they like encompass this or tried to use it in the view is you can see  mountain peaks like in the distance.
  You can see the mountains, which is unique to here.
  And then like the light, when they were designing it, they talked a lot about how they realized  like because you're on top of a hill at Universal Hollywood, like the sunlight, they could use  the light throughout the day to highlight different things and make sharp shadows and  that sort of thing.
  Another feature of Universal Hollywood's Harry Potter land is that when you're eating at  Hogshead, sometimes you hear loudly playing nearby, do the Bartman.
  It is very close to Springfield.
  Super close.
  Yeah.
  And which leads to an odd view from the other side of Disco Stu's disco with like the rising  peaks of Hogsmeade.
  So I guess behind it, we've already like got it in the middle of this.
  So yeah, we're officially now talking about Hogsmeade, right?  I mean, that's what we're doing.
  We made it.
  We arrived.
  In case you couldn't tell.
  This was the most seamless transition from intro to ride.
  We usually have to do like a whole hard thing of like, now we're talking about this.
  So I just wanted to.
  It's again, Jess is a very candy potty.
  We barricaded the door trapping her here after our plug.
  So now she's just kind of going along with it.
  What did you guys say?  Yeah, although we're talking about like, yeah, Japan has a big lake next to it.
  I guess Islands of Adventure in Orlando does have a giant body of water in the middle,  but the illusion is kind of broken when you can see Marvel's superhero island or the Jurassic  Park visitor center.
  When I went there before there was Wizarding World, I was like, Islands of Adventure is  one of my favorite theme parks.
  It is still one of my favorite parks.
  It's really, really good.
  Nothing touches Disney for overall park.
  Oh yeah.
  But like, man, that comes pretty close.
  Yeah, there's a lot of satisfying rides.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I think that's probably the most, like the, of all, of any new park that's opened since  the Disney parks, since the main Disney World parks have been built.
  Yeah.
  It's a like crazy new arrival on the scene and then adding Harry Potter to it makes it  like one of your best.
  Yeah, just unbelievable.
  Here's an interesting fact.
  When Harry Potter opened in Florida that year in Orlando, a 36% increase in attendance to  Universal Orlando.
  Yeah, they've been making so much money.
  They've been making so much money.
  In Hollywood, a 50% jump in attendance.
  Cause let's be honest, Universal Hollywood, not that good of a theme park.
  No.
  It is a half day park.
  It is a smaller park.
  It's like a, it's a sweet little jaunt.
  Cause it's a movie studio that has a theme park growing out of it and still growing.
  I totally understand.
  Uh, I don't hold it to the same standards as a full theme park.
  I like it for what it is, but without Wizarding World.
  Yeah.
  I mean like it just doesn't hold a candle to a full park.
  It was my ninth birthday.
  We went there with a group of friends and it was, it was like a fun day, but it's like  when one of the biggest attractions is backdraft where you just like stand and feel fire.
  It's like, Oh sure.
  This is not like, this is not the same like thrills and chills.
  Yeah.
  They've done a lot better.
  I think at like Simpsons World and now obviously Wizarding World, there's so much more immersive  feeling than the park used to feel when it was just like these disparate rides.
  No real sense of like lands or.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Yeah.
  They're finally doing like place making.
  I went two days ago and prepped for this and I hadn't been to the one out here.
  I hadn't been to Universal Hollywood in a while and not only like, I think it's really  great that the Harry Potter world has the whole streets that leads you into the ride.
  It feels kind of a first for them.
  They're starting to really improve the entrance of the park in general.
  Like it finally has a vibe.
  It's sort of like main street or the Karthik circle area.
  Yeah, they're really leaning into like the art deco golden age Hollywood design.
  Which I think is great.
  And when I went there at the holidays to see the lights on the Hogwarts castle, which was  great, fun, short, but like very delightful.
  And I had the holiday meal.
  We'll get back to food I'm sure.
  But we have a lot of thoughts.
  We got a lot of thoughts of it.
  Wait, let me change that.
  I have a lot of thoughts of it.
  But they like the Grinchmas is great.
  Like it looks that Grinch tree is beautiful.
  They have like a ton of fun stuff.
  I was like, this is way to go guys.
  You're up in your game.
  Yeah, they're really.
.
.
  But I think a lot of that is probably they have a huge influx of money.
  So now they can.
.
.
  For sure.
  Yeah.
  Universal in general, a lot of success with weird properties.
  I don't think there's a lot of love for that Jim Carrey Grinch, but they do great attractions  off of it and Waterworld is.
.
.
  There's talk of the Harry Potter expansion going into the Waterworld area, but I don't  know if they could replace it because Waterworld, it's extremely popular, extremely well reviewed.
  Very well reviewed, multiple award winning I feel like.
  It's a great show.
  I saw it just in September again.
  It was great.
  Yeah.
  Splash Zone, not Splash Zone.
  I was one seat beyond Splash Zone.
  Perfect.
  Just riding the line there.
  I got a little missed.
  I feel like Universal Hollywood benefiting from the changing style of filmmaking where  they don't need as many giant sound stages anymore because unfortunately so much is shot  on green screens.
  So they've already demolished a few sound.
.
.
  International green screens.
  You mean cannibalizing the actual lot?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Or rebuilding sound stage because they demolished two and just rebuilt them further back from  the park.
  Away from the park and that will open up space that I don't know if this is officially in  the US but it seems like those demolished stages will be the Super Nintendo world.
  Possibly.
  So that you're not.
.
.
 it's right next to the rest of the park.
  There's rumors about that though replacing animal actors for Nintendo Land.
  Oh really?  That's a good chunk of Land.
  They got a.
.
.
 boy there's big announcements that they have not.
.
.
 Secret Life of Pets  is kind of a flop stew.
  But a lot of it's also limited by not only the presence of a movie studio, there's houses  so close to this park.
  There's not a ton.
.
.
 there's no other theme park I feel like that has residential neighborhoods.
  Like there's parts of the studio tour where you can look up and see someone's home.
  Now what about this?  This might be controversial.
  Yeah.
  Go ahead.
  Can we get rid of Summer City Walk?  Oh sure.
  Wait a.
.
.
 hold on a second.
  I got no.
.
.
  Hold on.
  Which part?  What do you think?  Yeah what do you think?  You think that opens up like Land for.
.
.
  That could open up some Land and do we really need that long of a walk?  That City Walk has I think it's got.
.
.
 there's some fat you could cut off that City Walk.
  Well the sock market has to say.
  Yeah obviously I'm not insane.
  I'm a big fan.
  Love the sock market.
  The empty for five years John Levitz Comedy Club obviously has to say.
  Has to say.
  Diner.
  In remembrance.
  That water massage place gotta stay.
  Zen zone.
  Zen zone.
  The back area past the movie theater where I believe.
.
.
  Where the Margaritaville is?  Yeah like.
.
.
  You're stepping into it.
  Well I think you keep a Margaritaville but I think that doesn't get foot traffic.
  They just move the Margaritaville closer to the front like or make it more central.
  Like put it where John Levitz is.
  You basically you want to demolish the part that's close to the park but then just move  some of those good things.
  Yeah but you got the parking garages.
  Yeah I think it's the hiding garage.
  I think there's also if you look up in parts of CityWalk there's office buildings.
  There's technically office buildings above it.
  But wouldn't you prefer your office to be in Gringotts?  Yeah for sure.
  I mean there was rumors that turned out to go nowhere that there was going to be a Great  Hall restaurant.
  I know.
  You could enter from the park or CityWalk.
  This may have just been a whisper down the line sort of thing that never happened.
  Whispered by you and me to each other.
  We were so like that was so.
.
.
  We talked about it every week I think.
  Can I talk about a missed opportunity for some some magic making?  Yeah sure.
  Okay now this is sort of conflating narratives but I think there's an opportunity when you  again I'm skipping to food.
  Should we?  Should I not?  Should I hold this?  No.
  Yeah yeah.
  We want to go there.
  Let's go.
  Let's go there.
  We want to talk about it so much.
  This is not going to be the only Harry Potter episode.
  No.
  This probably won't be the only Hogsmeade episode honestly.
  There's so much to cover.
  So much.
  Let's not box ourselves in.
  Yeah.
  For expansion.
  Yeah expansion pads.
  If we take some tangents I think that's fine.
  But yeah food is a big part of this because like you said this is a very immersive area.
  I go there often just to be at 3Broom6.
  Yeah it's great.
  I love it when I sit there that is like peak moment of feeling in the world.
  I love that building.
  It looks beautiful.
  I love entering on the Hogshead side and getting a pumpkin fizz and maybe a shot of fire whiskey  on the side.
  Oh no.
  Sure.
  You know just some drink hacks which I'm there are more drinks in Orlando.
  I want to get more of these drinks.
  Yeah there's more drinks.
  There's also different food.
  This is a big thing because I went on Yelp and I found the menus for both 3Broom6 and  they're a little different.
  And some of the food is at 3Broom6 in Orlando and some is at Leaky Cauldron.
  And out here I feel like they went like all right what sells best at both these places.
  And we're like which I miss in Orlando they have like Cornish pasties which is not a common  food in America.
  And I'm like oh I wish they had that out here.
  I don't recognize this word.
  What is it?  Pasties?  Pasties is like a hand pie.
  Like a meat pie.
  Meat pie yeah meat and pie.
  And they're delicious.
  Yeah.
  Well yeah incredible.
  They're incredible.
  I think there's a so you I feel like the queue is really well run.
  You order and then you get you know standard theme park you know like order pay pick it  up from a different window.
  But I think you could you can see the open kitchen and I think they you should not be  able to see the kitchen.
  Yeah you see bobbing house you see like bobbing house elf.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh you just see an animatronic.
  Yeah that's smart.
  That's a shadow projection that kitchen and a lot of people probably don't know this because  they're normal.
  That is a shared kitchen with all the Simpsons restaurants.
  That's hilarious.
  But yeah but a very well run because they also like once you order and pay they find  you a table and they bring the food out.
  So like sometimes theme park restaurants are like the Wild West in terms of like yeah you  got to order there might not be a seat.
  Good luck you're on your own.
  Yeah yeah.
  Be our guest tavern.
  That's kind of a mess around there.
  Yeah that's on the better end of Disneyland restaurants and it's still it's a little.
  Oh is that right.
  I think so.
  In terms of seating and.
  You mean the formerly village house.
  Yeah what am I talking about Gaston's what's that place actually called.
  Where.
  You know what I mean.
  Fantasyland.
  The one that they repurpose so they repurpose the village house which is right by the Pinocchio  ride and they call it like the Red Rose Tavern.
  There it is.
  I'm sorry.
  Jason got it.
  Jason got the poll.
  No more three star reviews.
  Look I can mess up the name of a restaurant.
  Get off me.
  No I think I think be our guest restaurant in Florida is run more like the three broomsticks  that you would wear with an RFI.
  Yes like thing.
  And then they find you a table they bring your food appears.
  I've never had my food brought to a table at three broomsticks.
  Really Yeah.
  You do you always just wait.
  I get on that little tray and then they'll help you find a table if there isn't one.
  I think you take your tray.
  I think I think you take your tray.
  Oh leaky cauldron in Florida.
  That's they bring the food out.
  That's great.
  Or maybe not.
  Well this universe I don't know who's in and we're here.
  I'd also be different if it's crowded versus if it's not.
  Yeah I don't know.
  We're going to get torn up in the comments on all this misinformation.
  Find a seat.
  Yes I've I've been there when it's slammed and they help you find a seat and I've been  there when it's not slammed and so you're just it's just like yeah yeah you're you're  fine.
  We had like we went there in a really crowded summer day with like my brother my sister  in law and like kids and we had like a super helpful guy get us like a nice big table.
  Yeah they're great about that but there isn't you pick up your food at that tray that tray  station and then take it to your table.
  Also that restaurant and the surrounding patio I forget it holds an obscene amount of people  it holds hundreds of people in there.
  It's incredible.
  Like we like spend a bunch of time walking through that space without even ordering food.
  It's just like a cool environment to walk.
  The hogshead side is great that the hogshead is like so perfect.
  It's like just it's just frequent enough and it's like grunts and in head turning.
  It's like charming without being like distracting or hard to order.
  It's like that you want it to be like the kid sees it and points it out to his dad and  then he turns and then it doesn't do anything.
  Yeah.
  And you want the kid to look crazy.
  Yeah.
  That's the fun of it.
  And I like that the sign is like broken and crooked out front.
  And I feel like on a medium traffic day a lot of people don't know that you can get  all kinds of butter beer on that side.
  You don't have to wait by the right or beer trucks.
  No which typically have longer lines you can get hot cold.
  Yes.
  Frozen.
  Frozen.
  Yeah.
  And I'm personally really into the pumpkin fizz myself.
  I've never had the pumpkin juice.
  It's pumpkin juice with club soda and it's.
  Oh that's dynamite.
  Yeah.
  Interesting.
  So all the beers are made for Universal all of the Harry Potter beers.
  Although we joked Mike and I a long time ago because we were reading about Diagon Alley  and one of the listings was like all of the different Harry Potter beers and then also  like and Coors Light like they broke it at one point and then they I think they changed  it but there's no Coke.
  You can't like get Coke.
  No.
  You can only get like pumpkin fizz or lemon squash or butter beer.
  They have they have a few on the I think on both sides they have a couple other non Harry  Potter brewed beers.
  But they're not but they are like they're more like British they have like London Pride  Guinness, Magners, Cider.
  I think I saw a Stella maybe.
  But they like that they aged the taps.
  Yeah the taps are great.
  Even if it's a brand you know it's all scratched up and it looks cool.
  Yeah it's great.
  Love that part.
  Like the parts outside like all that they like they have chips or candy bars for sale  and it's all British candy.
  Yeah of course in honeydukes it's all packaged for like the world.
  The chocolate frogs and I think honeydukes could be better.
  I like I like the look of it but I feel like the products are slightly limited and are  never rotated.
  Like I thought that there was going to be more holiday treats.
  Oh that's true.
  I mean they were they put out like a I feel like this is a like I said about that rolling  out the Phelps to introduce something I feel like there was a story a while back of like  honeydukes now has butter beer fudge everyone and it's like a new era has begun.
  It's the kind of press event we're all trying to get into.
  Yeah we're all on it.
  The sweet podcast the ride card we hope to pull one day.
  I wish I wish three broomsticks would rotate the food menu a little more.
  Yeah there's lots of other British foods that I know the Pat joke is that like British food  is terrible but it's like if you put a crust on it and cover it in gravy it's delicious.
  Yes yeah because we got let's see you got your beef stew your Guinness stew.
  You got your fish and chips and chips.
  Bangers and mash.
  Shepherd's pie bangers and mash.
  The lemon roasted chicken.
  The ribs the like there's a bear ribs.
  Jess is doing this off the dome by the way.
  Yeah pretty good.
  I have the menu in front of me and she's got it every like almost every check.
  You got and then there's obviously the feast but I think there's also a Sunday roast.
  There is a Sunday roast.
  And then there's also you can get salads and they have three soups.
  There's a potato soup there's a cheese ale soup.
  That sounds good.
  It's just good I've had that.
  How many times do you how many meals have you had there do you think.
  I have had probably 10 to 15.
  I try to keep track of my business expenses and I like highlight three broomsticks on  my credit card bill knowing that it's a writing meeting between Zach and I.
  Of course.
  So I can write it off.
  Sure yeah.
  Yeah we're like we often go there and just like blue sky ideas.
  Have a butter beer have some fish and chips.
  That lemon chicken is really good if you want like a lighter.
  Yeah there's also a sauteed asparagus platter.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah sorry I missed that.
  Yeah.
  I had the holiday meal at Christmas time which was like turkey and it came with like a sausage  roll and no not a sausage roll it came with a sausage like cabbage.
  It was great.
  It really seems like all of that.
  I did not eat there but the fact you've been there so many times and everybody's speaking  so highly of it like often like a good theme park restaurant is still like an impression  of a real restaurant.
  It sounds like all this is legit.
  I think the deficient chips and the shepherd's pie tastes totally like I got them at a pub  maybe not like the best part of the world but like I think they taste like yeah yeah  yeah.
  So in Orlando at the three group.
  Yeah go ahead.
  Love it Cornish pasties.
  They just have a rotisserie smoked chicken spare ribs.
  We said that they have a chicken and ribs combo platter.
  And then of course they there also serve a big turkey leg very popular more popular in  Orlando than like Southern California as a theme.
  I mean you get you get them at theme parks certainly.
  I think that's it.
  It's a common Disneyland food isn't it.
  Yeah yeah.
  I've never been that into it because I don't like the I don't like how sweet they taste.
  Yeah.
  Nick Weiger previously just dissed the giant turkey leg on our last episode and sent Jason  into a rage.
  I don't think that's an accurate assessment.
  Hey but we should say with them we that led to us we got our first piece of fan art mission.
  Oh yeah yeah yeah.
  We requested fan art of Jason driving around a Mark Twain riverboat made out of cake piloting  it with holding a big turkey leg.
  That's amazing.
  And this was made for us.
  This exists.
  We should shout out the specific Twitter user.
  Yeah.
  Thank you.
  My wife saw this and lit up like it was Christmas.
  I just had high on it for like two days.
  Well this should be the you know if that's all that happened in 2018.
  Joseph Mulatto at 73 door on Twitter.
  Here you can see.
  Oh gosh.
  That's very good.
  I got my hair swooped that I sometimes like and sometimes I'm self-conscious about.
  Oh it's great.
  It's part of the it's like Conan's hair.
  It's your logo.
  Yeah it's.
  I feel good about that.
  People have spoken.
  But yeah the giant birthday cake Mark Twain made my day.
  Hooray.
  Anyway but turkey legs represented in there.
  Yes we're open all turkey leg opinions on this podcast.
  So you're welcome.
  I get their appeal and I like I feel like the older I get the more I am into like quicker  walkable options at a theme park.
  Which I like.
  You know the bangle barbecue sort of like school of thought where you just have like  a skewer of skewer of meat you can do something a little smaller if you if you don't want  to do sit down for both your meals in the day.
  So I get their appeal.
  Me personally when they when meats are smoked and they get that sweet flavor I just don't  like it.
  Yeah so it's less turkey leg.
  I mean that applies to some hams and meat you know.
  Yeah for sure.
  So I don't need another rage cage over here.
  No he'll he'll.
  Stop judging.
  What do we think of the there's the at honeydukes the every flavor beans.
  No thanks.
  With the huh.
  No thanks.
  Well with that being said I do with your no thanks I do have a package.
  Well every flavor beans here.
  Packaging is great.
  Yes.
  I think that's one thing about honeydukes is like this is stuff sold as souvenirs and  stuff people are bringing back.
  Totally the chocolate frog boxes are gorgeous.
  They're gorgeous pretty good like good chocolate.
  Totally the chocolate.
  I just wish there was like oh I were unique maybe.
  Yeah like there could be.
  I think they have to sell out every flavor beans like I've gone through as a fan I've  like had them before and I just like I'm not into this roulette but like they have to have  them.
  There's no world where they can't have fudge flies.
  Those I think are the best actual candy.
  Yeah the fudge flies.
  Yeah the chocolate frogs are like rich and big and the box is gorgeous and you get a  card.
  They're great.
  I think that that the fact that they have a fudge stand in there with some other like  treats is a real missed opportunity.
  There's like a cauldron cake but it looks kind of ridiculous.
  And there's like I think we could have many treacle tart tarts.
  I think we could be selling some of the desserts from three broomsticks there.
  Why can't I get a like the the freakin sticky toffee pudding here or that almost looks like  it could be like a mini soda fountain stand where they're like another opportunity or  just the fact that they have that glass case and it never looks appealing because it's  just sort of like standard fudge.
  There is some standard like candy from the park confectionary in there.
  That just doesn't feel like the best execution of there's so few things you get to go in  and touch and feel and explore like we could I think we could bump it up.
  But you know more events as time goes on more opportunities for the Phelps to show up and  town your desserts I bet they'll it probably is a good area for them to like you know kind  of juice the park a little like we have this thing now we have that thing now.
  Yeah.
  How much of this like I'm not familiar with the books but it seems like there are so many  like apologies I should have read all seven of them this week before the pug but the but  like like are the are all these desserts like laid out this thoroughly.
  It's crazy.
  I have not read the books either I've seen all the movies.
  I'm going to get into it one day one day.
  I'm also not a good reader.
  It's the best audio book in the game.
  I should do that to yourself.
  I should do that to me and make those L.
A.
 drives a joy while listening to Jim Dale.
  OK.
  It's the best.
  All right.
  I'll do it all.
  I re listen to five six and seven.
  Really.
  Yeah.
  This year I added four because I found it in my childhood bedroom like on disk.
  I was like I'm going to add four to the mix too.
  And it's great because what's been described about the books and like the movies seem to  people are like movies are fine.
  Yeah but the books are joyous.
  I like the I like the idea of the book so much.
  The idea is great.
  It feels like very much like when I was a kid in the X-Men felt like oh you get to go  to this place and you're special and you have powers and then you fight people.
  I don't know why that's part of the fantasy as a kid but it is that's fun.
  So like the ones like cables giant guns in the 90s.
  He's always trying to grow up.
  Jason always trying to cram the X-Men character cable into the podcast.
  Hey look when that new Deadpool comes out everyone's going to have cable fever.
  He is.
  Yeah Josh Brolin Josh Brolin is cable he bowls.
  What a world.
  It's fun casting but but what's been described to me about the books that's so great is that  the detail is incredible food where you live what your quarters are like and and so like  yeah when you're reading about desserts you're imagining eating the desserts.
  So it's extremely vivid and also like I think that movies do a good job of this production  design like you don't picture any of these stores as like organized shelves which I think  that maybe that's my other problem with honeydukes is like even if you can't buy it why isn't  there like production design where it's like a town more like how the wants to store looks  all vendors where it's like a tower of sugar quills that's about to fall over.
  Yeah like it should look more higgled higgled biggled like yeah it just doesn't like if  you look at the way that they do wizard Weasley's wizard wheezes in the sixth movie is great  like boxes coming out of everywhere.
  It shouldn't look organized like a wizard doesn't need to be organized they can just  like summon the box they need like they don't need it to be like perfectly catalog.
  I think the honeydukes shelves look a little too clean for my money which that is the thing  that happened in Orlando like when the Orlando hogs made first open they split like honeydukes  was also like half song goes which is here.
  Yeah and then when they open Diagon Alley they just purge the Zonko is and hogs mead  and expanded honeydukes and opened a big Zonko in Florida.
  That's so like you can go in the Zonko and there is like a working facade with the hat  tipping that's great which is great.
  And then you can go across the street to I'm going to mess this up for lean for Tesco's  ice cream parlor.
  You can order.
  Well that Fabian.
  But it's yeah so it's an ice cream for you Florian Florian he goes missing in the books  it's really so easy.
  Yeah well his ice cream is delicious.
  You can order the ice cream that Harry gets it is so when he thinks Hagrid might still  be just a guy abducting him and buy some ice cream.
  That ice cream parlor is unbelievable.
  I will say this we will stop talking about Diagon maybe.
  Well we don't have to but it Diagon is so good.
  It's the best place ever except for maybe the ride which again we'll do another episode  of it really except for the ride.
  The ride is good but like not as good as is the Forbidden Journey.
  Oh OK.
  Oh I thought it was the other way around.
  I thought I've heard Gringotts is crazy but you know it's no for been during.
  I'll say this and Forbidden Journey I think is still the best theme park ride currently  in the world and certainly the most innovative.
  I don't know that anyone's topped it yet and it's eight years old at this point.
  It's gorgeous.
  The line is amazing.
  All of the little storytelling along the way getting to see Ron, Harry, Hermione, Dumbledore.
  It's so good.
  The mix of the medias of that ride is incredible.
  It is a little dizzy making.
  Yeah I had a bit of a rough time on there and we should say the Universal Hollywood  one was 3D when it opened and now is not 3D and I'm really glad I didn't do it 3D because  I was nauseous as it was.
  It was way too much 3D.
  I think there was my friend went with her family and her aunt had to spend hours in  a sick tent that had been set up for multiple people having barfing and dizzy spells.
  So I also think there was like before they got rid of the glasses the 3D component I  think there was like well let's try to just like recalibrate a little bit so there was  like I think they made some of the movements slightly less intense and then they were like  we have to do even more and got rid of the glasses and now I think it's like pretty great.
  They just upgraded.
  Is it 4K now?  Some of them they were upgrading to 4K.
  I think they were upgrading the old ones.
  I think this one was a higher def already because it was newer.
  Did it go down for a while?  Was it like a financial issue for them to shut the ride down?  I don't think it was.
  It was a quick thing.
  Yeah so when it first opened they were just pretty standard 3D glasses.
  There was a very brief period where they had Quidditch Goggle 3D glasses which were cool.
  I mean they were cool to hold and wear and look at but yeah I mean it is a dizzy making  ride.
  It uses so yeah let's just get into Forbidden Journey.
  So Forbidden Journey uses what's called KUKA arm robotic arm technology and it's got an  insane range of movement.
  Like you can go a full 180 degrees up and down like you practically go up and down upside  down at one point which is crazy for like a family ride.
  Is there anything we can describe where you see a KUKA arm like if you've been on the  tram tour I forget if this is still there but the summer I started working there there's  this truly awful stop on the tram tour that was the it is gone okay yeah fast and furious  whatever that I forgot the subtitle was it a Tokyo Drift thing but the like cars fly  at you on these big arms and then they swivel around and they dance for you to a Daddy Yankee  song but if you it was a Gasolina or something I had to hear Gasolina three to four times  a day every day and just watch like no one enjoyed it.
  I never saw a tram he was the guy on the tram tour.
  I'd still do it if I could what a what a blast and if it was a little more than minimum wage  but the hell of a job though but the like yeah was that a KUKA arm?  Those are KUKA arms.
  That's maybe the first universal's first use of KUKA arms and I think like it was it was  like them putting a foot in the door with that technology because it was technology  that Disney could use too and then in preparation for Harry Potter they bought the exclusive  theme park rights to the KUKA arms so Disney like had rides in development that would have  used these things and in fact they also appear in Stitch's Great Escape there's these like  arms that are oh yeah the laser cannons are arms there you go yeah yeah those are those  are KUKAs but Universal bought the exclusive rights so they pushed Disney out of the KUKA  game in terms of Harry Potter it's almost like if you imagine yourself sitting on a  couch and then if on the back of the couch there was a an arm that could move the couch  any direction it please yeah I think it's called an arm because it has a full range  of movement it literally can move you anywhere show you anything and like you're so surprised  when you end up upside down or whatever like I remember getting on the ride for the first  time in Florida and just the fact that they're like whatever the restraints coming down are  always like oh god what's happening here but I was like very nervous because I honestly  didn't know what the ride was going to do and you're on it and it's still finding new  moves not tipping in the commercials what the ride was they mostly showed like the footage  of Harry in the Quidditch game in the marketing and stuff and you still as you're on it you  are not really sure what the hell's happening it's pretty hard to get your head around the  ride mechanism I have on wire I do what that would look like if the lights were on I have  no idea what that show building looks like I think the closest it feels to me is like  if you could put the Indiana Jones car on an arm and like some of you know like in terms  of like how many separate like chambers it feels like you're in oh sure and like weaving  a narrative a journey you know like if that ride instead of being in a Jeep you were being  moved and tipped backwards and had a little bit more screenplay yeah yeah yeah and and  you know our only complaint about the Indiana Jones ride which we covered early on is that  there's there are kind of like weird dead spaces in it there's literally like you're  you're in transit from one room to another so there's maybe a projection effect or something  but it's a mostly like black room that you're going through boy the Forbidden Journey is  all action there is no dead space anywhere in that thing yeah I think the deadest space  is the dementor beat but like in terms of like the walls and the ceiling having the  least going on but you still have giant dementors right in it yeah things are great the one  that sort of follows along with you where it's arm motion matches yours yeah this is  all I'm it's it's scary scary I don't like them I don't like them yeah just giant puppets  is another I think we talked at an episode recently about like oh an alien encounter  a lot of the scares and the this old Disney ride alien encounter are just old theatrical  techniques lighting cues sound cues like breath on your neck like it's just an air cannon  and and like the dementors are just giant puppets hanging from a ceiling but they get  and they're not even they're probably still like 8 10 feet away but they get close to  you unlike that like Disney has a comfortable space between usually between you and something  scary and universal feels like they go like two feet closer it feels like they're a little  more comfortable putting it like heat like yeah four feet in front of you speaking of  Indiana again I remember that that time that I went when it first opened we we did go on  it like two times and my we went with like another family and my friend Chris Swanson  and I were both terrified of the giant snake yeah it's the last time I went on and I was  like this is so funny it's like a cartoon looking snake yes like a little bit it's like  splitting the line between realistic it's all I mean it's obviously not realistic because  it's gigantic but like even its eye and face shape are like halfway between a real snake  and like an artistic like a cartoon snake but we used to know that third row third seat  in was where the snake mostly came and we both like did not want to be in that seat  and I remember like she was in it the first time and the way that we were like lined up  she was going to be in again and we were walking in and she sat in the second seat she's like  I'm not doing it again and I was like fine and sat there and like got to that part when  you know full hands over completely like eyes closed it's like I can't handle this snake  that's right where we talked about before Mike and I broke down on that that ride broke  down the ride broke down we didn't break down and some of the lights in the building came  on but I feel like the snake kept moving I feel like this yeah I think he did come down  like he would come down every five like whatever minute or something we were there for a few  minutes where do you least want to get stuck in Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey  and the dementors or looking up at the Whomping Willow might be a little tricky the spider  I think the spider I don't like either looking up at the spider once that wasn't super you  broke down or the ride broke down a little bit better I think it stopped at the dementors  too I do not like yeah the dementors the first time Lindsay and my girlfriend Lindsay and  I went on it in Orlando we were freaked out and I guess we're not very tough people but  then we would tell people like this is like the scariest ride and everyone who went on  would be like what do you that wasn't that scary like what's right and made us feel like  real like you come back here with your scaredy-cat boy yeah we all got your back we started a  podcast because we're three scared boys and then Jason tries to act like he's the tough  guy the three of us but he's still scared we know yeah Hollywood Hollywood would they  a difference between Hollywood and Orlando even more dementors like there's a whole room  of dementors extra dementors in Hollywood Hollywood okay I mean I went on it in Orlando  but that was probably 2011 so it's been yeah yeah it's been a minute since I remember comparing  and contrasting the ride this is also funny that like to go on in Orlando and I like went  on both dueling dragons and the unicorn like the rides that got turned into flight of the  hippogriff and the the dragon ride from gobble to fire so both of the other rides that were  there at the time I had been on so it's like sure you know this is the star but I don't  remember the differences now between it yeah well dragon challenge recently closed in fall  of 2017 it's dead end in hell now as we say right well because they're making a new badass  e-ticket Harry Potter ride another brand new Harry Potter do we know anything about it  possibly a coaster it's a coaster type thing supposedly but I don't is it possibly through  the woods yeah some woods thing I'm we're not there's I like them having a big true  coaster I think it will be anything offhand you anything that's not covered in the existing  rides that you would be excited to see is oh my gosh Scott that's a dream question I  know what you mean I'd feel a lot of pressure to so good car no no if that noise is which  I think is good for like not spoilers I feel like the books of the world's favor books  three and below which I think is correct in terms of like spoilers and stuff like that  and like knowing that a kid might be going there and having only read the first books  that you don't want to introduce them with too much lore that's from like the later books  especially since the books get more serious oh you mean when they start to become analogies  for the Blitz yeah for what we're trying exactly or like yeah exactly so I think I think they  are they walk that line correctly but I think we'll make a dope coaster is thressels which  are the the winged horses that we meet in an order of the Phoenix you can only see if  you've witnessed death so when they use them to fly half of the like Harry and Neville  and Luna can see them but the other ones are flying on an invisible horse so that would  make an incredible coaster I think like a journey from the Forbidden Forest to London  to the Ministry of Magic but you making it in whatever way you could feel like you can't  see the thing below you maybe like some Six Flags Tatsu maybe it's more of like a lay  down fly feeling coaster but I think that's offhand I mean I could think of some more  but I think that sensation is described so well about like Harry realized like they Harry  Neville and and Luna all like hop on they look like reptilian horses that have like  bat wings and they but they're like horse size and the three kids who've seen death  can like just hop on them and the other three are like this is there's nothing here and  they have to like be helped onto an invisible horse I think obviously you can't make a coaster  invisible but like something that could approximate the sensation translucent maybe somehow what's  below you or having like a couple of beats where like you have that weightlessness of  like not seeing the track like X2 at Six Flags does this where you can't see the track guys  let me think on it sounds really we'll revisit in 20 minutes I mean while we're talking anything  occurs to you well if we're blathering on about dry facts and your mind wanders feel  free I feel like a lot of speculation for a long time too was a Ministry of Magic attraction  Ministry of Magic battle attraction yeah they're building something else in Orlando as well  next to Diagon Alley they're building something we're not sure what it is but it might be  a Ministry of Magic I feel like they are oh they're not slowing down and a third park  at Universal could have it too do we get another stop of Hogwarts Express they've talked about  it depends where the park goes I think but Ministry of Magic they've talked about making  a whole land there's a whole thing as it is though you still are buying a ticket to Islands  of Adventure to access this you have to buy if you want to go to park ticket to get both  so this did that was a big thing when it opened and there's never been done before you ride  an attraction to travel between parks yeah so Diagon is in the regular Universal Park  oh my word yeah yeah you it's what a thing they figured out works as a monorail right  like taking you between parks and you so you you can't do Diagon with just an Islands of  Adventure ticket you need a park hopper you need a park like a park and they have in the  King's babies in King Cross Station you can like there has to be an attendant there to  sell you an upgrade because some people don't know it so they go to the attraction thinking  they can do the train and then they go no and then they have to upsell so there's a  whole person there to deal with tourists that might not actually know about that I think  there is one way you could do so I think you get a one past one park ticket for Universal  Florida and see all of Diagon and then after Islands of Adventure closes they do still  University of Florida usually stays open later than Islands of Adventure so they still run  the Hogwarts Express you just take the round trip the trade essentially goes back got it  so you would you would not get to do Forbidden Journey then you would not get to do Forbidden  Journey or I think one park holders might be able to ride the train at night after Islands  closes interesting because like I remember the first time I went to Diagon Alley they're  like oh you can go on the train you can't get off at the other park but you can just  come back and the journey there and the journey back you see different footage like in your  train to different hot like you maybe you're probably not spoiling it for yourself but  the Diagon that ride I've avoided it mostly but I couldn't help but watch a little of  Hogwarts Express it's insane I'm trying to do no spoilies yeah I've seen photos but I'm  trying to just but my question is guys when should my pilgrimage be should I wait for  more expansion?  Well I think that's a couple that's two or three years probably still away well you've  done yourself fit because I was there I went in 2014 six weeks after it opened and I waited  three hours to ride Escape from Gringotts on the last day because it had broken down  so many times I was there this past summer and I waited 10 to 15 minutes which was much  easier and the crowds were pretty manageable so like any theme park attraction like a year  or two after opening it gets it breaks down less and there's a lot less crowd so like  I would stay on site if you can Universal's got some cool hotels there and you get that  extra time in the park.
  Portofino Bay.
  But if you want to wait and do the Chase trifecta like I was talking about at the top of the  show like that's a good like you could accrue points over three to six months.
  When are you going to Tokyo Mike because now I need to know if I need to just go there.
  Oh well Tokyo we're talking whenever this is real Lindsay's when she's on hiatus from  her job great so it could be May could be June could be July we're not exactly sure  yet but we're gonna go around that time and we're gonna do Tokyo DisneySea I've never  done it before.
  Disney and then maybe Universal out there to see that lake Jason the Black Lake.
  Yeah which unfortunately Universal out there is on the other side of the country from the  Disney parks.
  Oh yeah.
  So well I'll update we can update you guys further.
  You're gonna be working that trifecta real hard.
  I don't think I'm gonna make it to Orlando before the summer anyhow.
  Well you could also if you if you're interested in the opening of Fast and the Furious Supercharged  that's opening in Orlando.
  So if that sweetens sweetens the pot.
  OK.
  All right.
  How do you feel about the concept of family.
  I would say me Familia.
  Ride or die.
  Everything.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  You're my brother.
  A bunch of kids outside just went yay.
  Yeah.
  Right as you said that.
  Those are my kids.
  Wait out here Familia.
  I live my life one quarter mile at a time.
  Yeah.
  I still live.
  Ride or die.
  Have you been on the Fast and Furious Universal out here.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  On the end of the tram tour.
  Pretty similar.
  I feel like it's going to be pretty similar.
  Yeah.
  It's pleasant.
  Does any of it have the song Gasolina.
  No I don't think so.
  Gasolina died with that small part.
  Disney's main song is like When You Wish Upon a Star.
  Universal's main song is Gasolina.
  Official anthem.
  I would say it occurs to me like maybe Universal never had a Mickey and I think Harry Potter  is now their Mickey.
  I think they have a.
  Yes he is all the billboards.
  He is all you know that's I think that's great.
  What's interesting about it.
  I was thinking about when we were in Orlando we saw all the signs have Daniel Radcliffe  on it and it's sort of funny that he's going to be stuck at that age in this promotional  material for forever.
  40 years.
  Their 50 years until JK Rowling dies and they remake the movies maybe.
  Oh my gosh.
  I shudder to think of that time.
  I know it'll happen.
  You shudder to think of 2030 when it happens.
  But could you be in those new movies and would that be exciting.
  No they only cast British actors.
  But she's dead now in this scenario and they don't care.
  You know when they put out the casting call for the original movies my friend Kyle Sheldon  and I who grew up doing plays but he moved back to Texas he and I got on the phone and  we were like trying out British accents because we're like could we fool them.
  We were also one year too old.
  You had to be between like 10 and 12 and British and I think we were 13 in America but we were  still like shit.
  I wanted to be Hermione so bad.
  I mean I.
  Well so many Russians like there's so many like magazine profile stories people pitch  themselves as like so I went to this audition.
  I was not supposed to be there.
  I called out sick from my day job and lie like so many people like marketing stories  are like I lied my way into the experience of a lifetime.
  I totally I mean like they saw it was just like I think the age thing would have been  fine but the non British thing numbers is like no matter how good my dialect coach could  have been there's like why would we cast an American fantastic beasts.
  Yes American I know I thought but they are not good.
  So we'll see.
  I did not get to I thought about it my parents wanted me to and I did not audition for the  1997 Leave It to Beaver film.
  My whole life could be different.
  97 you were going to you didn't audition to be Beaver.
  I did not audition to be I think I still I think I could have got it.
  I think it could have been me.
  Yeah me up there with Christopher McDonald as Ward Cleaver and Erica Christensen is love  interest of of Wally.
  Wally played by.
  Oh gosh Vaughn is the you know he's got one of those like like Eric Vaughn.
  He was in Brink the made for Disney movie for not a not a we're not talking about a  Malcolm in the middle.
  No person.
  No he's not a Malcolm in the middle actor.
  He was in you know Brink the made for Disney movie about roller bladers.
  He was a definite like part of like the teen beat.
  Oh gosh.
  You know what's the podcast waiting to happen is all of the Disney Channel originals.
  Yes all of your.
  What's her name.
  What's the space girl Xenon.
  Xenon girl the time.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Xenon's an episode we got to save the sequel for a different episode.
  The 13th year where he becomes a merman.
  Let me out.
  We're in a smart house.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  OK.
  So yeah.
  This one's sitting right there.
  Free podcast idea for whoever wants it.
  Disney originals.
  You've googled this.
  I'm trying to.
  I'm trying to.
  OK.
  Don't tell me.
  OK.
  OK.
  We're going to move on.
  OK.
  Remember the 90s.
  Leave it to Beaver movie.
  That's what we're talking about.
  Not not beaver.
  You are.
  You are.
  Let me look at that I.
  You were looking at the pictures of the menu.
  The men Walter Matthau.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  I auditioned to be Mr.
 Wilson.
  At 12 years old.
  You were too old.
  That small old man.
  You were like too old.
  Don't like you for Dennis.
  However.
  OK do you have it Jason you have in front of you.
  He's looking at Eric Vaughn something.
  There's one more part.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  It is the first.
  Yes it is.
  Fonzon.
  Denton.
  Denton.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  Brink.
  We have.
  Oh yeah.
  Look at that.
  Yeah.
  He looks like a.
  Yeah.
  He's a real.
  He's a real hunk.
  He had the Leo and Titanic like hair in front of the eyes thing.
  Was the Leo and Titanic was it part of down the middle or the side.
  Middle middle.
  Yeah.
  Everyone had very like dirt.
  It was very like rut tussled rustled like.
  Yeah.
  Especially picturing him when he's like drawing her and he's got a lot of those like stringy  greasy bangs in front of his eyes.
  Frickin hot.
  No no ride of that.
  No ride that gets you closer to Leo's bangs unfortunately.
  Yeah.
  You like you know you pass by the steamy car or whatever.
  That's a big property that doesn't exist.
  Yeah that's true.
  Does does Fox own it.
  Does this.
  I think there'd be a Titanic ride now in their adult park that we were Canadian mocap with  current Leo to make him young Leo.
  Eric Von Deaton also in the 1995 remake of Escape to Witch Mountain the second.
  Oh wow.
  Before the rock.
  Before the rock hit it.
  Also in this movie Robert Vaughn and the great Elizabeth Moss was in this 1995 remake.
  Wow.
  Of Wait of Leave it to Beaver?  Of Escape to Witch Mountain.
  Oh no.
  OK.
  Boy this.
  We got reboots flying every which way.
  Let's get.
  I guess we should get back to the Mac Harry Potter.
  I don't know.
  Oh you know what.
  We've barely scratched the surface.
  I do kind of feel that way.
  There's so much.
  Well I want to say an important fact that while this is a great ride in a great area  they did have to demolish the Gibson Amphitheater one of L.
A.
's most average concert venues  in order to put it into Universal Hollywood.
  And this is a place that has great esteem and one of the great properties of all time.
  It is where the live album Briefcase Full of Blues by the Blues Brothers was recorded.
  So I mean have your fun in Harry Potter land but let's not forget that they had to.
  No that you trampled on history.
  Shatter.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  You pissed on Belushi's grave and Ackroyd's eventual grave.
  I love the way that castle looks.
  I love that I can see it in Los Angeles from the freeway.
  Yes.
  I love.
  We're all kind of in this neighborhood and you see it on drives.
  I love it.
  Sometimes you see it with the new light show they put in.
  It's driving down all of that little hippogriff is a baby little coaster but it's delightful  and I love the past the hippogriff.
  I think the hippogriff animatronic is really fun.
  Yes I won't wait another 40 minutes again.
  No like I did during a soft open.
  Yeah it is fun.
  They do a nice job of hiding.
  His name is Buckbeak right.
  Yes they hide him from Wind on the Line.
  You can kind of see it if you know where to look but you really do like see him like for  the first time on the roller coaster and that's great views of the castle.
  Yes and of the NBC office building.
  That's right.
  Yeah true.
  Have you guys done the Ollivander show?  Yes yes.
  Multiple times.
  What do you think of that?  I think don't wait for it but I mean if you're visiting obviously wait for it.
  If you can if you can go often I would I would I would not wait more than 20 minutes for  that.
  Yeah I would agree with that.
  But it is fun.
  Enchanting.
  For folks who yeah who have not done this this is the whole one ceremony where there's  somebody playing a wizard they're not a real wizard and they come sorry sorry to break  it and usually they choose a child.
  I have seen it happen where maybe an adult woman friend of mine I was with got chosen  and she got to do the whole ceremony and children were upset maybe not upset but they were probably  confused but then yeah so then the wand chooses that's the whole thing is the wand chooses  the wizard and they do all these fun effects of like like is this your wand and then something  happens and the shelves fall down or like the lights go out.
  Flower dies.
  Yes.
  Yeah it's great and then you get let into the big wand room.
  And then yeah and then they make the parents pay for the wand.
  Which is crazy.
  Which is crazy.
  Yeah.
  But I understand I was thinking about this because like that sucks that it's like you  have to make the parent pay after the kid goes through this awesome like fun experience  but if it was a free wand it would be bedlam it would be chaos every time because you would  be like kids would be getting shoved to the front by their parents.
  Don't you guys think at least a 10% discount should be in order?  Yes I'll yes for sure.
  If you got picked for the show.
  Yeah.
  Yeah I think they should give you a little bump.
  Or like 20% off your second wand because a lot of those kids who get chosen they got  a sibling.
  Yeah sure.
  And you know.
  Yeah you can't share one deathly hallow wand.
  No no no no no so I feel like some there's got there's guys be have some sort of deal.
  How not special does that sibling feel?  Exactly.
  Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah  yeah much superior sibling get chosen.
  Yeah yeah.
  Um here's my other question I love that JK has approval and you know I don't know it  sounds like I'm the biggest Harry Potter fan in the universe.
  That is a hundred percent.
  Yeah yeah yeah for sure.
  So maybe you guys haven't explored Pottermore which is the website that allows you to like  interact get officially sorted.
  I've been sorted.
  Have your Patronus.
  Have you guys been sorted?  I've been sorted.
  I mean you of course.
  I've been sorted yeah.
  What do you guys have not been sorted?  No not yet no.
  There's plenty of other like knockoff BuzzFeed type quizzes that tell you what house you're  in but this is like an and they're very easy to like understand it's like would you rather  be a dick brave smart or nice.
  You know the you have selected a dick.
  Yeah the Pottermore one is much more like some of them are like six options.
  Some of them are two that are a lot more like ambiguous.
  You can't like necessarily game it to try to like figure out what house you want to  be.
  And then there's also a Patronus test which is you know the spell expecto Patronum that  makes dementors go away and it's your own sort of like spirit animal for lack of a better  word and it can be like a guardian and send messages and protect you and you can take  a wand test.
  So I'm a little upset that they have tons of wand options but they don't have the full  breadth of the ones you can paired with on Pottermore.
  My wand is not available at the store.
  Oh no would you care to share which house Patronus and one.
  I am a Gryffindor.
  My Patronus is a red mare which is a like a ginger type horse.
  The exact same Patronus as Mary Holland.
  She's like come on.
  It's an angel on earth.
  And and there's a lot of options.
  There are like a lot of different Patronuses.
  Yeah.
  So that's that's not so super common.
  And I can't think of my wand offhand but I think it's like I think it's a unicorn core  and gosh I have a picture of it somewhere.
  But there's got to be people like date and get married with these facts as starting points.
  Correct.
  Like this has to have happened.
  I was already married when I made my husband take the Pottermore sorting.
  Was it tense while he was taking it in case it wasn't compatible.
  Did you have a lawyer on speed-dive?  I am ashamed to admit that a part of me cared at all.
  I thought he was a Ravenclaw.
  He turned out to be a Ravenclaw.
  And so is great.
  But and you know because he's a dick.
  No no that's Slytherin.
  I was Slytherin.
  Yes.
  And so is Zachary and there's lots of great Slytherins.
  The problem is is like the Harry Potter narrative is through the eyes of Gryffindor they're  enemies so we don't we only hear bad stuff about Slytherins.
  She has like done a ton in like post like writings and speakings about like that's because  it's Harry's point of view.
  Right.
  They're not it's you're not doomed.
  I'm not evil.
  Yeah.
  Because some of Slytherins are pretty thinly veiled Nazi allegories and then some are just  like I'm going to school.
  Right like I'm ambitious and like like I can be shrewd.
  Oh you're a Slytherin.
  Like yeah.
  And they are sort of they have Gryffindor's can also be like cocky.
  So like they I think Gryffindor's and Slytherins are sort of opposite sides of the same coin  of just like where you put your I think they're definitely the cockiest brashest most confident  of houses.
  So it's whether or not you filter that into like ambition or like bravery.
  But you can be a showboat in Gryffindor and you can be just like someone who achieves  goals in Slytherin.
  Yeah you don't have to be bad.
  I'm not bad guys.
  I'm good.
  But I'm a Slytherin.
  I may sure do.
  Do I have a dark side like everyone.
  Of course.
  Of course.
  You're a pen-lilled puppy dog right now.
  No the dog might.
  Look at this.
  There's nothing wrong with you.
  Could an evil man have a dog like this.
  No.
  No.
  Evil people have cats.
  We'll post it.
  As many films have established.
  We'll post about that.
  Oh my nice dog.
  Say evil people have cats.
  I have a story about Harry Potter symbols and iconography.
  So I first went to Hogsmeade in Orlando in 2012 and I was with my family my girlfriend  at the time and you know we're walking around in all the shops and again we said the merch  is good like the ones are like nicely made.
  Wooden ones.
  I for one this kind of sounds so lame.
  The stationary is very good.
  Like the letterheads.
  There's letter paper you can get and notebooks and all these beautiful books.
  Jason I bought stamps there don't worry about it.
  I mailed some postcards from the hour from the hour.
  Come on.
  When they give it a custom stamp.
  They give you the custom stamp.
  Disneyland.
  That's a nice little advance of that idea.
  So I was looking at little.
  I was like oh maybe I'll get a little pocket notepad.
  And you know they had all the houses and I'm like oh look at this cute little guy.
  Look at this cute maybe I'll get this one.
  And they're like that's Hufflepuff.
  You would like that.
  My family fucking roasted me.
  Everyone's fucking roasted my ass because I'm like oh this Hufflepuff one is nice.
  I like this one.
  They're like yeah you would ask.
  Oh Jason I'm so sorry.
  I think yeah now it's happening all over.
  We're living.
  No no no no I'm saying we are living in a I feel like we're really living in the age  of Hufflepuff.
  There's been because I took this pot the Potter more test became like really really big.
  I think like the summer of 2014 when I was in Zach and I were in Scotland and everyone  was taking it and there were all these Hufflepuffs and they were like bummed.
  But now I think that there has been like once people have seen just how many like awesome  people are Hufflepuffs there's like a huge movement for Hufflepuff pride.
  Like tons more people are like pro Hufflepuff than ever before.
  You get your first famous Hufflepuff in I'm sorry the not very good Fantastic Beasts movie  but Newt Scamander is a Hufflepuff.
  So OK I'll lead of one of the new break off franchise is a Hufflepuff isn't like their  game sort of like nice.
  Nice people loyal.
  Yeah that's good.
  Loyal hardworking in kind.
  Yeah yeah.
  I like.
  Sorry.
  I think like if it's great to be a Hufflepuff like I think Hufflepuffs are probably the  least likely to be bad.
  You know like they might be like the they might be less likely to be like huge.
  They might have like smaller percentage of huge heroes but I think they also have the  lowest percentage of assholes so like.
  That's nice.
  Yeah isn't that nice.
  I will take the quiz before this comes out and then post the results.
  So we can officially say yes I should do.
  Yeah you know what it means but all.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  If you are a Ravenclaw and you're a Hufflepuff we'll have all four represented.
  Oh yeah.
  How about that.
  Fun.
  I like that.
  Fingers crossed.
  I like that Hufflepuff is now becoming more accepted.
  It's a lot like I think people are reconsidering their ideas about what Juggalos are as well  now because Juggalos at a march and they've been classified as a gang and that might not  be fair and I think.
  Yeah.
  It sounds like Hufflepuffs have not been treated fair and now we're fairly.
  It's exactly the same.
  I'm a violent J in the quiz.
  They also I'm also a violent J.
 Not a thing to do.
  Part of the theory is that Hufflepuffs might be like stoners.
  Their house is like by the kitchen and like there's a little oh you know I think some  of the like teehee about Hufflepuffs is like well I do love treats.
  There is like snacks for the kids.
  I do love marijuana.
  They're chill little badgers who are just like nice and like maybe they're stone and  their common room is like really sunny and round.
  Oh boy that actually sounds really pleasant.
  Yeah it's great.
  Like no one should be ashamed of you.
  No one should be ashamed from any house.
  Every house has pros and cons.
  They like discount hotel deals and naps.
  Oh boy I'm all over that.
  It says here the official app of Hufflepuff is Hotel Tonight.
  You can get a great deal on a last minute hotel room.
  And now the hotel dot com rep is Hotel Tonight is leaving?  No the hotel dot com rep is not coming back.
  Yeah they died.
  Well I mean you know the typical way that we end up ranking the rides is keep it as  is plus it up or burn it to the ground for insurance money.
  It seems a little silly to do it with the world of Harry Potter because how.
  So much and we haven't even covered.
  We barely.
  We barely scratched the surface.
  And so how.
  Let's just.
  For us to say burn it to the ground for insurance money how like flippant and brazen would we  be.
  I don't know what like demanding theme park nerds to say start over because it's all obviously  incredible.
  We've already and you've already been giving us such good plus it up ideas.
  But like yeah like I guess we can we can talk even any other ideas of like what would make  this place even more magical.
  I have only one and it's very tiny which is that it as part of the immersive world even  the ATM not the ATM but the card reader machines when you buy something are like part of the  world there's there like a weird 40s looking little like industrial steampunk looking kind  of piece and boy do they not work.
  Boy are the employees frustrated but in both of the transactions I made like the the the  shop keeps are like rolling their eyes and somebody had to say to me like yeah often  muggles find them difficult to use.
  So as much as I appreciate it.
  Insert the chip here.
  Well we tried three times swipe the magnetic strip young man.
  I did have a young a young guy.
  When I went with my niece and she got a Hermione one because you can also get a character specific  one and he took I gave him cash and he said huh weird I'll never get used to the fact  that your money doesn't move.
  And I was like so good.
  Yeah that's good.
  Dorky 16 year old like braces and I was like you committed and I loved it.
  It's got to be the most fun part of the park to work in and I think that all of the under  show if you're playing a character in a park that's got to be.
  Oh yeah.
  I mean like yeah.
  Oh we didn't talk about Moaning Myrtle in the bathrooms.
  Oh you're right.
  There's a little sad girl that's well in the book she is mostly in the men's room.
  Yeah that's right.
  Yeah.
  And she's not in the yeah because boy it's present in the men's room.
  It's in the way.
  Yeah.
  It's possible to ignore the men.
  She's haunting the boys room because she's thirsty.
  She's super thirsty for anybody who hasn't been well I couldn't does anyone know.
  Could someone like do a line or there's a lot of bubble sounds and it smells like cotton  candy and what is the kind of thing that you hear in the bathroom.
  Does anyone know offhand like what Myrtle says this weird like giggly.
  It's like very like yeah it's like a real mirthful.
  Oh you've come back to my bathroom have you.
  Like very like I just clog the toilet this time.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  She roasts your ass.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  Careful.
  One more flush please.
  Yeah it's a it's a strange vibe to be in in there.
  And she does the like which is like how she travels in the movies like when she like comes  in she makes like is what how was Myrtle what hold is she is she like 13 or 14.
  And we meet her first in Chamber of Secrets.
  And we see we see her again in the book in Goblet of Fire book four and Half-Blood Prince  book six.
  And she ends in a she's in a bathroom and all of them.
  That's where she died.
  She died in a bath.
  Okay I feel like I shouldn't tell you why.
  Okay that's fair.
  I will I will.
  But yeah.
  Okay.
  There's one other weird like the fact that everything is customized to that end.
  The bathrooms are called something really odd and formal.
  And then the stroller parking.
  Wait I have a photo.
  Oh yeah they're pram parking.
  Yeah.
  They're called prams.
  Every single thing is customized.
  Over the ATM there's a little Gringotts logo.
  There's nothing that is just a regular America thing.
  Yeah.
  This place is great.
  Nice.
  A plus up that I appreciated this year was that they did anything for the holidays.
  Last year they didn't which was insane to me.
  This year it looked gorgeous all covered in like garland and it was so it looked great.
  Did they did you see the lights show then.
  Yeah.
  I think I think we both agreed like nice fun little short.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I saw the summer version.
  Oh I saw the summer version and it was packed.
  It's a little claustrophobic there.
  Yeah.
  Summer when they're doing that lights.
  But were the lights at the Christmas time Christmas.
  Yes.
  Oh cool.
  It was like carols and a big tree.
  And yeah we didn't even talk about the street for the Frog Choir the Triwizard tournament.
  Yeah.
  Pepper Alley.
  We'll have to do another one.
  Yeah we'll have to do a two parter event.
  Fortunately we know a lot of people who really like Harry Potter in the entertainment industry.
  It's great.
  Or eventual episodes.
  Oh yeah any other thoughts.
  Oh yeah yeah.
  Plus thinking about plussing it up you brought up the fact that like there's not enough fun  magic in the candy shop and it's like yeah let's figure out a way where it feels like  you're in this like fun chaos.
  So like get like a child performer to slip on some fudge every 10 minutes or something.
  Like have it be like a fudge spill or yeah.
  Like there should be things flying on the ceiling.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Yeah yeah.
  So like a child performer gets hit in the head with a box of candy or something.
  I believe you might be a Slytherin.
  They don't have to be children maybe they're adults.
  Maybe they're yeah like it's like.
  Mike does call those movies the movies where children get hurt.
  Like he doesn't even refer to Harry Potter.
  Yes.
  I like the movies where children get hurt and are menaced.
  Yes.
  What are those called again?  What are those called again?  What are those?  The Menace?  Leave it to Beaver?  No no no.
  Harry Potter.
  I don't like Leave it to Beaver.
  I don't like the Dennis the Menace movie because he sticks it to the adult.
  I like I wish it was like Mr.
 Wilson's successful Revenge on Dennis.
  That would be what I would like.
  I'm gonna bang the garage door on your head.
  Yeah like fun fun pranks for a kid gets hurt.
  Yeah so yeah like more stuff like that and I guess it could be adults getting hit with  candy too but to me it seems less fun.
  Sure.
  So child abuse.
  Next yeah.
  Yeah I don't know I mean I would like some plus enough stuff too.
  I mean a big complaint about the Hollywood one is the sight lines like you can see so  much around it now clearly the trees they planted around it will grow this is a thing  that happens when you open a new area or land in a theme park is they plant saplings and  then they grow and cover it like the early pictures of California Adventure are pretty  pathetic especially some of the more Redwood see part and now they look great.
  Yeah it's been well over a decade.
  They just had signs that say tree on it.
  Yeah.
  It doesn't work.
  Tree coming.
  If not.
  Pixie dust.
  But yeah I would like I would like more more can't because I mean this this area is not  going to change change for a long time.
  So I think the stuff you have to do is yeah new merch new food new treats like rotate  some stuff through.
  Yeah I agree.
  I'd like the full drink menu I've like seen stuff online that there are more drinks in  Orlando I think.
  Give us all the drinks rotate in a few of the least popular three broomstick menu get  get some projections of little elves making my food even though that's slave labor really  good.
  They have their ice cream they have the ice cream out here they have some of it packaged  out here the ice cream but like in Florida they have like sticky coffee pudding clotted  cream was really.
  Earl Grey I had Earl Grey.
  The peanut butter peanut butter and strawberry ice cream.
  Again I think Harry Potter eats that in the books but it's like oh yeah this is like a  peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
  But no one I can't say I've ever had peanut butter ice cream with strawberry in it.
  Like how has no one done this before.
  That's great.
  And butter beer soft serve of course in Florida.
  That's great.
  Which they don't have here.
  Which they don't have here.
  Which is your favorite version of butter beer.
  Oh yeah barely talks about butter beer cold not frozen.
  Same.
  Yeah.
  Cold.
  I think it's cold.
  Yeah.
  I didn't do it it was 11am.
  I was slightly hung over and the ride.
  You had a beer you had a regular beer.
  I didn't have a regular beer.
  The dog situation.
  Love those beers.
  You can get the butter beer and get a shot of that fire whiskey poured in.
  If you could.
  Yes.
  But they won't.
  You have to do it.
  You have to do it.
  Yeah.
  I the hot one is delicious but you can only have like three sips.
  It's like literally a melted cookie.
  Yeah.
  So good but it's so much.
  Butter beer potted cream like a parfait.
  Yes.
  Putting parfait content.
  Very good but again super.
  I wish there was half serving of butter beer because it does feel it's a lot.
  Yes.
  I had the butter beer fudge once and it was very good but it is it's insane.
  It's so sweet.
  I like my own boozy butter beer for you know like midnight screens of new movies type situations  and I do you know cream soda butterscotch schnapps and like a golden rum and then if  you whisk vanilla ice cream with club soda it will float like the head.
  Wow.
  Holy shit.
  Is that that's not they never do that in the books.
  There's never like Harry with a flask and he dumps a little liquor into the butter beer.
  In the book is mildly alcoholic.
  Oh it is.
  It's get a little fucked up.
  Oh I didn't realize that.
  A house elf can get wasted on it.
  It's very very very very slight like the same as like drinking like a kombucha.
  Yeah.
  That's the thing I'm interested in because I've never read the books either.
  I am interested in the more transgressive stuff where they get a little drunk and like  you know.
  You just want to what you just want to read about kids getting drunk.
  Yeah getting drunk.
  I want to read about kids getting hurt.
  You want to read about them getting drunk.
  Yeah.
  I have a question that my my like longest friend my childhood best friend had this like  viral thing this year where he via text message revealed that he he'd been reading the Harry  Potter books all the way through and then started saying some things to his friend about  like stuff that was happening in him and she was like what are you reading and figured  out it was a yeah I figured you might have seen this.
  Yeah yeah.
  She was reading an erotic fan fiction.
  It was very well published of the of Order of the Phoenix.
  Yeah that was like that was my oldest friend Chris Chappell and he it was like this whirlwind  of several days where it was like oh like oh that story is funny.
  Oh my God.
  Everywhere is picking it up.
  Every he's been interviewed by many many things.
  That's so funny.
  But it has all I didn't know all the details offhand but I did know it involved asserting  that the wizarding age of consent is 15.
  Oh and that there's like like weird lives like characters like fake rapes they lie about  rapes that happen in these books and he's telling his friend like these books are a  lot crazier than I thought.
  And it tipped the scale.
  Well there is yeah there's an obscene amount of Harry Potter fan fiction and once you get  to a certain amount of fan fiction it pretty quickly turns erotic for any topic.
  So I think there's multiple because I was looking up I wonder if I could find that book  and it was like the top 12 Harry Potter erotic fan fiction like there's so is way too many  to even I think there's 12 entire sets of all seven books that exist.
  Wow.
  Crazy.
  Jesus Christ.
  As immersive as the park.
  So I'd like to see some of those on sale.
  Yeah.
  Some of the body or coming of age takes.
  Yeah.
  They are coming of age books so there is a little that comes up every now and then comes  up in the movies.
  Yeah I mean they're kissing they're getting crushes.
  You know like it's still pretty tame.
  They also don't get drunk Jason.
  They like are like they felt a little.
  It's not like there's no like.
  All right.
  OK.
  I just want you to get your hopes up.
  He's a little little less than just a nerd.
  Yeah.
  You talk about like we're going to see if we can get fire whiskey you know.
  But they.
  Yeah yeah.
  Yeah there's like allusions to.
  Right.
  But they don't make a beer run.
  No.
  And then there's no like you don't ever hear about like they're getting tipsy enough that  they're like actions are right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Do you think what do you think about a movie version of the Cursed Child play.
  No thank you.
  No.
  Do you think about the Cursed Child.
  No I would love to read it.
  OK.
  Don't care for it.
  Really.
  Yeah it's OK.
  I think I like it actually more as like a theater nerd than a Harry Potter fan because  I love just like how willing to do spectacle on stage they seem to be.
  So I would love to see that.
  I think like that would be sort of amazing.
  But there's lots of stuff in the storytelling that I feel like undercuts the purity of the  original.
  Also a lot of writers on that right.
  Yeah a couple of writers J.
K.
 doesn't feel totally pure.
  I don't mean spoilers spoilers about cursed child we care about for over a year.
  I like the paperback and hardback that one of his kids is a slither and I think that  does more than I think that's interesting to be like hey this doesn't mean as much as  like it meant to Harry at eleven.
  Like obviously like obviously the whole backbone of wizarding education isn't predicated on  one fourth being evil.
  So like I think that is really cool and like dealing with that is super neat but there's  really lazy time travel stuff that is like what the hell we can do way better than this.
  Really there's time to fix that third movie.
  The Alfonso Caron one he directed that they I thought they handle time travel and that  great.
  Yes like I thought that but it is also amazing that then like that doesn't become like a  massive part of the series.
  Oh yeah.
  And this is like a huge part of the story.
  It's time travel.
  It's like oh that's not good.
  The thing is like a unsubstantiated theme park rumor that really read a theme park guy  was it.
  I forget how long ago this was someone speculated that Warner Brothers is waiting for the three  lead actors to hit the ages.
  They make three first child movies first child movie or movies that would be that was quickly  debunked I feel like.
  But yeah but still of course they want to do it.
  They want to suck as much money out of it as they can.
  That would be cool but I do feel like going back to what I said originally I think what's  cool about it is like trying to make magic work on stage in front of you.
  Yeah I think that's I think that's the main appeal of curse child.
  As a fan would you rather have them make like seven movies where they're all old like like  Star Wars style now where you see all the old people you love but now they're ancient  or remake the seven movie the original seven.
  I think remake because there's a lot of stuff there's lots of meat that got left on the  bone and the whole stakes of the story should be gone.
  Voldemort is vanquished like I don't know you can't come up with a better baddie than  Voldemort what if it was like a let's just say like a Snoke type has taken Voldemort's  place a Supreme Leader Snoke type Voldemort he's like looks like Voldemort he's unclear  exactly where he came from is that let's not a good idea maybe much rather get I'd much  rather get into prequel territory I'd much rather so yeah Harry's parents them I'd much  rather see a Marauders movie or I'd rather see a Founders movie the founder founding  of Hogwarts.
  Oh sure I'd be much more interested in going back right which is what the Fantastic Beasts  thing is but like a specific substory I'd much rather go back in magical history I think  then forward first child goes forward and it's like yeah they have to just invent time  travel to be like Voldemort could come back for their time you know like it still is Voldemort  right you're like well you know guys what then do we have then any other any other thoughts  about any of any of anything from any of those that you'd want to see in the part any other  any final any final wish fulfillment.
  I think it would be rad to have as much as I didn't love the movie a Jungle Cruise type  ride about Fantastic Beasts.
  Oh that's great.
  Like it's begging for it.
  Sure with with like the same a little bit like pithy detached attitude maybe of junk  maybe you can't directly rip that off maybe it's too too bald but like I think some sort  of magical creature like mini zoo experience like like even a safari type ride where you  see magical creatures in their habitats and that's a good way to get that new series incorporated  into the parks and that's pretty cool.
  Yeah.
  It does feel like they're infinite.
  I think there could be like many genres of ride with Harry Potter.
  That's how I think a water ride is maybe time and that would be a good way to do that.
  Oh that'd be fun.
  And you're all these rides are starting to edge towards the back of that hill so you  could use like at least in Universal Hollywood so you can like use the natural slope to do  something.
  That's the only other good ride.
  Oh no the other hill.
  I don't think Mr.
 Spielberg.
  Yeah that ride is so good.
  He won't let that happen.
  But we can have two water rides in that park.
  I think maybe it would be more maybe it could be fun to be more like a rapid ride.
  Yeah.
  But I guess maybe it would be too similar to Jurassic Park because I am imagining going  and looking at docile animals and then all of the Fantastic Beasts movie some creature  has escaped.
  Yeah.
  You know.
  I'd be fine if they re-themed every ride to Harry Potter at Universal Hollywood.
  Why not?  You want you're going to let the animal actors stage go?  But then they're fun Harry Potter animals.
  Oh yeah.
  It's all owls.
  It's all owls.
  It's all different variety of owls.
  And it's like yeah Phoenix.
  Can an owl come out in its underwear in a bathrobe looking for their missing bra?  Can an owl have big lips and impersonate Mick Jagger?  I'm not letting the crucial parts of the animal actors stage go.
  Buckbeak can impersonate Mick Jagger.
  There could be a whole thing with his beak.
  Like he comes out and he does a strut while like Miss You plays or something.
  Like let's be honest there's ways to do it.
  And the Rolling Stones are English so it works in the universe.
  Wow.
  All ties together.
  Well all right.
  Hey I think all this being said Jess McKenna you survived podcast the ride.
  Thank you so much for joining us.
  We're so crazy that we barely touched upon perhaps the best ride in one of the best rides  in the world.
  I know we got a.
  There's only a small portion of this episode.
  We got to do more.
  That shows what a great job they did that there's so there's you could that you could  talk about the food almost primarily.
  Yes.
  It's insane.
  Yeah.
  But yeah thank you so much for coming and lending your your expertise.
  Thank you for having me.
  Yeah anything you'd like to plug or direct people to.
  You can find me at JessRMcKenna on Twitter and yeah check out Off Book the Improvised  Musical podcast comes out every Tuesday.
  Hey one of those.
  Can I interest anyone in playing this lottery of.
  I will have one of these beans.
  Yes.
  Yeah yeah.
  I don't know if I have the flavor guide off hand but I think don't look don't cheat.
  I'm 90 percent sure I got the vomit one.
  No no I think.
  Oh no maybe.
  I'm going to eat the weirder one.
  Hold on.
  Doing a great podcast thing tasting and crinkling and chewing.
  Oh yeah.
  Right into the mic.
  Very cherry.
  Mine's fine.
  Just kind of generically jelly bean.
  I think I got a watermelon.
  Oh yeah maybe watermelon.
  I got a vanilla like cream type of a thing.
  This is all great.
  I was here.
  Great.
  I got a pleasant.
  Pleasant.
  Wow.
  We all won the day.
  This one tastes like piss.
  Oh oh oh oh no.
  We ended on a sour notes after a bad one.
  All right.
  Oh shoot.
  Follow us on Twitter.
  Podcast the ride email us at podcast the ride at gmail dot com.
  Find out if Mike had to be sent to the hospital or not.
  I'm trying to think.
  It might be good.
  They think it's good but it's bad.
  I don't know.
  I can't tell if it's like the vomit or.
  What if it's actually spoiled?  What if they the jelly bean makers fell asleep at the wheel and you get sick?  It's from like the opening day of Harry Potter in Orlando somehow.
  Oh no.
  It's weird.
  We need to get Mike onto the feigning couch I keep in my car.
  Thank you for listening.
  Thanks everybody.
  Bye.
  Bye bye.
