 Warning the following podcast contains lurid details of a kitschy California sex hotel,  a fictional scenario where a disgusting businessman is the president of the United States,  a mouth-watering discussion of a crazy scientist's chicken restaurant, and a time-spanning  conversation about the Universal Studios attraction Back to the Future The Ride.
  Great Scott! It's Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the podcast that's an 8.
3 on the Richter scale,  but a 10 on the scale of fun.
 That's a line from a Universal Studios brochure that I brought  to talk about our topic today, but I think it's accurate.
 That's about earthquake, the big one,  but I think it applies to our podcast as well.
 Maybe not so much the Richter part.
  Yeah, a lot of people say our podcast is like an earthquake, a horrible natural disaster.
  I was gonna say it's.
.
.
  It feels a lot longer than it actually is.
  It's like a 10 because we're all dimes, right? We're all 10, right boys?  You and this like slang.
.
.
  Look, I'm just trying to stay youthful, you know?  Yeah, wait, yeah, thirsty.
 Thirsty is new slang that I don't know.
  And then dime you're throwing at old timey slang.
  Like someone's a 10.
  You use like snack, you say snack a lot I noticed.
  I'll say snack every now and then.
  Which is a thing where like it's an attractive man or woman, is that correct?  Yeah, that's right.
 Yeah, you look like snack.
  We should probably introduce ourselves.
  Yeah, well you could get your Mac on in any era.
 Get your snack on or your Mac on.
  And the guy I'm talking about is Jason Sheridan.
  And the guy who disagrees and objects to some of this is Mike Carlson.
  Hello, and I'm upset.
  Now Mike, you and I were actually, we were at a very romantic spot over the weekend.
  That's true.
  Separately, we were attending a wedding at the Madonna Inn.
  That's correct, up in San Luis Obispo.
  San Luis Obispo, about three, four hours north of Los Angeles.
  If you aren't in California and haven't driven along the five to discover it, it's one of the,  it's as a lot of things in our culture are, mainly known as the basis of a Simpsons joke.
  The Simpsons Hotel, that's where there's like a caveman room and then ultimately the utility room.
  So it's this themed room hotel.
  It was a very grand campus and very Disneyland-ish.
  A couple people came up and was like, this seems like it's right up your alley, right?  And I was like, yeah, yeah, kitschy old bullshit.
  Like, yes, of course.
  And theming and we were in the showboat room, which since I was not paying like a ton of money,  was not that elaborate.
  It just kind of had pictures of like our posters from the movie showboat or the musical.
  And then there were a couple like very Neverland Ranch style, like cherub statues in the room.
  And like a lighting fixture of like a little angel boy holding like a candle or something.
  Cherubs everywhere at this place.
  It's themes all over the map.
  There's like kind of Danish stuff, storybook stuff, but also, yeah, Roman, Grecian columns  and little romantic babies.
  There are tons of romantic babies everywhere.
  Like the Love Is Babies from that comic strip.
  Sure, yeah.
  You know what I'm talking about?  The naked babies.
  Which is another Simpsons joke.
  Which is another Simpsons joke.
  Side note, we were talking a couple episodes ago about Toon Lagoon.
  Do the Love Is Babies from here or angels?  They're not in there?  I don't think the Love Is.
  They are not part of like that particular syndicate.
  What is the name of the it's like Kings, no, Kings World is what?  King Features.
  Syndicate signature.
  That's wrong.
  But yeah, wherever all the comics come from in Universal's Toon Lagoon, the Love Is Babies  don't factor in.
  That sucks.
  Love Is, they're in weird magazines though.
  They're not always in straight up, I feel like they're not in the main comic section.
  So they're in the Penny Saver.
  When I grew up though.
  Or like the Enquirers.
  Things like that too.
  I believe the Sun Times, the Chicago Sun Times had Love Is at the very least, if not both  Tribune and Sun Times.
  But was it with the other comics or was it in like the game?  Yes, it was with the other comics.
  It was not in its own featured Love Is page or in a weird like sandwich.
  So this is yeah, we got to look this up.
  Listeners, let us know where your love is.
  Are the Lockharts or Andy Cap?  All right, we can't get into this now.
  Toon Lagoon.
  We can't.
  You're langing it up right now.
  Andy Cap is I think, but I don't know about the Lockharts.
  I think they're in there too somewhere.
  But anyway, Madonna Inn is great.
  What was your theme Scott?  I was in the cabin still room, which was like an old moonshine distillery kind of place  where the like the sink mechanisms in the shower were all a bunch of crazy Curly Q doodads  like you were making moonshine in a tub.
  Wow, that's great.
  With a pull chain toilet, which I think I talked about in the last episode being a feature  of Club 33 at Disneyland.
  Yeah, I was very delighted to do a pull chain toilet.
  Although the pull chain toilet didn't work.
  There are a couple of floaters left around not to reveal too much information about myself  on the podcast, but pull chains.
  I can see why they replaced pull chain toilets.
  That's good news that I was not in that room because at 9 a.
m.
  Sunday morning I threw up.
  Ah, I was like I lost track of you.
  I was wondering what if you took a health dive?  No, I didn't.
  It was 9 a.
m.
  So it wasn't even a health dive.
  It was just that there were it's got weird like curfew rules at this place like at 12  a.
m.
  It's like no one can be in another room like you unless you're supposed to be in your own  room, but then like other suites.
  It's like a choir trip or something.
  Yeah, even if you're trying to smash.
  Smash is another young person's term.
  Good work, Jason.
  Good work.
  Jason was not at the wedding.
  I'm not at the wedding.
  What's known as in the casino industry as a cooler is bad luck.
  It's the casino industry.
  Yeah, casino industry.
  Yeah, there's a William H.
 Mason.
  There's a movie where William H.
 Mason is a cooler.
  So if you were around when the garter belt was tossed to see which next eligible man  would get married, it would freeze in midair and shatter as if the as if the garter had  been shot by Mr.
 Freeze's freeze ray.
  Yes, that's right.
  Wow.
  Cooler in multiple versions.
  That's a lot of harsh thing to put on you, but you might not.
  Look, that's my life.
  You don't have your your cooling abilities are not such that they're magic.
  No, here's another young person term that this intro for this episode is wild.
  All over the map.
  We're all over the place.
  Well, when you've been to a magical pastoral land, like the Madonna Inn changes, you want  to talk about it?  Yeah.
  I hope it didn't change me in terms of higher venereal content in my body.
  But there's a shady place.
  You get the sense if you ran a black light over the rock walls and in some of these rooms  that you might find a couple of spots.
  There's a weird mix of puritanicalness to it because of like the 12 a.
m.
 curfew.
  And I went to a gift.
  I went to the gift shop and was looking around and really expected it to be just like lube  city, like different sex things in there.
  But there was none of that.
  There was like a very, very small amount of any.
  It was just like Trojan condoms.
  It's a tiny little thing toward the corner.
  So like I expected that Madonna and yes, was like a sex haven, which it has to be.
  But they weren't sort of advertising that and they weren't promoting it in these like  very like romantic looking gift shops.
  So but wait, the Madonna now I've never been there.
  It's kind of in the middle of like nowhere.
  Right.
  Like it's not in the middle of there's not city streets.
  There's not like a lot of pedestrian traffic.
  No, not quite.
  The late night McDonald's runs that were done at this wedding were, I think, kind of a slow  struggle.
  They took a while.
  A lot of up townships.
  Because that's what I associate like hotel, like all guests must be registered or whatever.
  I associate that more with where like lots of people walking around or passing through  public lobbies sort of thing.
  Just drifters and mountain lions, I think is what they have to worry about.
  Maybe that's what it is.
  Maybe there's a lot of mountain lions in disguise.
  They're concerned about guests getting bald.
  Knowing that with all the theming going on, reality is already askew.
  Well, that's true.
  If you have a mountain lion barged in, you would get to bat an eye.
  Yeah, it's a fun place.
  But did you, we were popping around to a couple of the other, I got to see a couple of the  other theme rooms.
  Did you find any of it like romantic or sensual to any degree?  What does that mean though?  What theme would be a turn on?  To me, yeah.
  What do I find sensual or romantic?  I'm not saying I don't, but I'm so, I don't know, closed off.
  Like I don't even know.
  Yeah, it's like I'm not going to find a heart shaped bed with satin red sheets like, oh  baby, here we go.
  I don't know if it's like that's too on the nose.
  I think only like an 18 year old getting married in Kansas, like the most virginal person,  that would be their sexual fantasy.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, the heart shaped bed and satin.
  Rotating bed.
  There was a time where I assumed that my first time having sex would involve like flapping  curtains and breeze.
  I think I did picture like the romance, the Harlequin novel.
  Well, you did grow up in Southern California and the Santa Ana winds are a regular occurrence.
  I got really congested in my first time.
  Natural phenomenon that happens out here in Southern California.
  A lot of dust in the nostrils.
  Yeah, there was a place, I don't remember the name of it, but it would be on local TV  when I was growing up in Chicago, the Chicago area.
  And it was not hiding the fact that it was just like, come here to fuck.
  Like that's it.
  There's hot tubs in the room.
  There was just, you know, people getting paid probably no money to be in this ad.
  And it was on for years.
  That's my commercial actor talking.
  I knew that they just got like some shitty buyout and get a sag scale, right?  But my mom used to go, yeah.
  My mom used to be like, oh, it's like she would make a noise when the commercial would come on,  but never explain it to me.
  I got a lot of that telling people I was going to the Madonna and a little,  people discussed, although I found it to be a blast.
  I feel in good health in the men's bathroom, a waterfall urinal that I felt like the male  spa experience to be peeing straight into a waterfall.
  Oh wait, you're talking about the one downstairs?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  So this was hyped to me that there's a waterfall urinal downstairs.
  And I had first went, that's weird, but okay.
  That sounds cool.
  But when I went in there, it seemed more like you were going into a weird, like high school shower  and that like the waterfall, which I imagined some like very immaculate,  like flowing water constantly was just like sort of a thin layer of water that would drip down  once in a while to just wash away some drunk people's urine.
  Like if someone had a tiny waterfall attached to a koi pond they didn't take good care of?  An empty koi pond.
  The amount of water in the LA river, that kind of an empty storm dream.
  Yeah, that was a little bit of a letdown.
  I don't know.
  I think I just, look, as a lifelong Disney fan, I love fake rocks.
  Yeah, that's true.
  There was a little streaming down them and I thought they did a good job.
  But yes, it is true.
  It required some very active working of the sensor to get the little bit of waterfall drip drop on.
  And yeah, it was kind of a creepy little drain down there.
  And like you could see the drains and the drains really just looked like  like a shower from like an YMCA or something like it, just like a floor that you don't put  your bare feet on it.
  Yeah.
  But a lot of women came in.
  So I think a lot of women were very curious to see that.
  People kept talking about like, oh, the women always want to see the urinal.
  And then I was waiting outside to go, or I was trying to get in and the two women were like,  would you mind if we walk, go in there with you?  And I was like, oh, I guess that's okay.
  They're like, well, there's like an old man in there right now.
  We don't want to like barge in on him.
  But I was like, okay.
  So like I walked in there like looking and like they were disappointed and then they left.
  What an experience.
  Yeah.
  I actually didn't pee in the waterfall.
  I went to the stall.
  I couldn't do it.
  Oh, really?  Yeah.
  Though I did it loud and proud.
  It was a blast.
  Well, that's fine.
  I mean, I've peed in the famous Chicago Wrigley Field troughs.
  Ah, yeah, yeah.
  That's pretty.
  You got no division in a baseball stadium.
  Which was similar to this situation.
  So you have to be, you have to be happy with what you're pulling out.
  Anybody's got a view.
  I guess I'm not happy with what I'm pulling out.
  Again, I'll say this intro this week is wild.
  Well, it is loosely tied because I think you really can see.
  And what the fun thing about living in California is that I do think there's so many different  places that clearly kind of captured the spirit of when Disneyland started.
  So I'm tying it back here.
  So like, you know, there's a place called the Tamo Shanter in Los Feliz.
  And then there's like, like I used to live right over where the animators build, like  the animators used to live in the old Walt Disney Studios was and their little cottage  houses.
  So you get to see a lot of this fun stuff that was like the design aesthetic of the  time and that obviously inspired with Disneyland and Walt Disney.
  So that is a kind of a roadside attraction.
  Yes, like the Madonna.
  It was the family was called the Madonna family.
  It was the last name and clearly they realized if we're going to attract people to our hotel,  there's got to be some novelty to it.
  There's got to be some theming.
  It's sort of a similar landmark to the Cabazon dinosaurs, which are on the way to Palm Springs.
  Yes, like kind of big kooky 60s dinosaurs that are in Huey's Big Adventure.
  There's also the theme park website, Yesterland has a site as a part of the site devoted to  other lands in the Orange County area.
  When Disneyland opened, then everything had to be called land from the, you know, there  was like a religious, you know, concert venue called Melodyland or even just like a taco  stand.
  It'd be called Taco Land.
  Everything was land around that time.
  Shout out to Yesterland, a website I have killed an obscene amount of hours on.
  Reading about extinct attractions.
  No kidding.
  And long gone stuff.
  Yeah, and they're much more researched than we are.
  Oh, yeah.
  Much tighter.
  They don't.
  You can read those articles.
  They have a real minutes.
  They don't talk about pissing or throwing up.
  You don't know the guy who runs Yesterland, what he did over the weekend.
  They don't.
  There's no 32 year old man trying to just stay a little youthful by using snack or thirsty.
  Yesterland does not.
  Werner Weiss, the founder of Yesterland.
  I don't know anything about the man.
  He doesn't put his personal shit on the website.
  No.
  But you know what?  That's what we bring to the table.
  We put a little bit of ourselves into what we talk about.
  And I think you'd all give us a round of applause.
  Give us a round of applause.
  Give us applause.
  We are asking for applause.
  Whether you're alone or with people.
  Take a video of yourself applauding us.
  Upload it and we'll.
.
.
  Tweet it at us.
  Yeah, tweet it at us.
  All right, well, let's get into the main topic for today, which is Back to the Future, the  ride, which in my estimation has to be one of the finest rides of all time.
  Yeah, I mean, it's one of the greats.
  I might have a controversial opinion about it at the end, but I won't say it now, I guess.
  I think I would.
.
.
  A cliffhanger like at the end of Back to the Future 2.
  A tease of part three.
  This to me is one of the rides I would call a classic.
  Yes.
  If we were going to start compiling, at some point I'm sure we will, through some complicated  tournament mechanism or.
.
.
  We'll make it as difficult as possible to determine the top 10 rides of all time.
  But I might.
.
.
  I would have to put this in the top 10.
  Yeah.
  And I mean, I think for us too, like we are all right around the right age of when this.
.
.
  We would have been kids when this first opened in the early 90s.
  And as always, you're maybe skewed by nostalgia.
  And I recognize that I could be with this, because Back to the Future is my franchise,  for sure.
  I'm really not a giant Star Wars fan, I'm not a giant Star Trek fan, I'm not a giant  Harry Potter fan.
  Back to the Future is my thing.
  Probably because I don't like being taken to fantasy worlds, I like hearing exposition  about almanacs and small suburban California towns with infrastructural issues.
  Back to the Future, just to talk about the movie, I think it is one of those.
.
.
  I don't know who hates Back to the Future, even someone.
.
.
  Parents like it, kids like it.
  You'd be a real big contrarian, I think, to find somebody who's not into Back to the Future.
  Back to the Future is one of those things, maybe like the Borat movie, where I get a  excessive fandom of it sometimes.
  Like it's a little too much.
  Not that that can be said about most of the things I like.
  But there's just so much of it.
  And we have now lived through the celebration of Back to the Future Day of October, whatever,  2015, which there was a real big spike of.
.
.
  And I feel like there was a 30th anniversary and a ton of.
.
.
  There's been a lot of occasions to bring Back to the Future, to get all the cast members  together, to make them dress up in the uniforms.
  Force them to dress up.
  Which is an odd thing.
  Michael J.
 Fox obviously has his condition.
  Christopher Lloyd is.
.
.
  In his 80s.
  He's getting up there.
  That being said, it was very delightful when they were on Jimmy Kimmel.
  I thought they really gave that sketch their all.
  They time traveled into the Jimmy Kimmel Theater when he did shows from Brooklyn.
  That is.
.
.
  Yeah, look that up if you haven't seen it, which I assume everyone has.
  That is one of those where I saw the clip, I saw the link of it and went,  Oh no.
  And then I clicked on it and I was like, all right, I have to admit I like this.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  But at first you're like, oh no, they're dressed up.
  Oh no.
  What?  Yeah, I was nervous.
  You gotta be nervous about any sort of reunion callback situation.
  Which that being said, the big thing with this is I don't have a lot of aggressive fanboy  opinions and I try to be open minded on things, but I swear to fucking God,  they ever remake this goddamn movie.
  As soon as Zemeckis is dead though, it's happening.
  Well, Zemeckis and Bob Gale have like refused.
.
.
  Like they are pretty firm on like they have.
.
.
  I feel like it's in the contract.
  No Back to the Future reboot or Back to the Future IV.
  Like it just won't happen, which I think is interesting because like this  franchise has definitely been part of our generation hitting our late 20s, early 30s,  and having a little disposable income.
  So there's been a lot of like, here's the rainbow hat for sale.
  Here's the hoverboard for sale.
  Here's the sneakers for sale.
  Here's Pepsi in a different bottle, you assholes.
  Yeah, you're Pepsi in the bottle.
  And did I try to buy one?  Yeah, I did.
  I didn't though.
  It was hard to get.
  Oh yeah, there was a big Pepsi Perfect promotion at New York Comic Con 2015.
  Shoelaces, the hoverboard, all of it.
  I own an almanac.
  I own like just a very cheapo like copy of the newsletter.
  It says save the clock tower.
  Jennifer's number is written on the back.
  Oh, that's good.
  Everybody catch up.
  I imagine if you're listening to this, you know Back to the Future, Arcania pretty well.
  But I just want to feel free to throw out secure references.
  Yeah, we should feel free on this podcast.
  But unlike some of those other like Star Wars or X-Men where we'll just keep or Avengers  where we'll just keep getting them forever.
  Like they just won't stop.
  Like Back to the Future is like finite.
  Like it is stopped.
  Until he's dead.
  Until I guess he's dead.
  He said that.
  He says yes, as long as I'm alive, there won't be another Back to the Future.
  But as soon as he's dead, someone's just going to sign off.
  Whoever has the controlling rights, they'll be like, oh, well, I take 20 whatever billion  dollars to make a shitty version of this and a newer, shittier version of it.
  People will be hovering around his hospital bed, certainly.
  Stay in good shape, Robert Zemeckis.
  You know what's a lucky thing, though, is that it is it's a Universal film.
  And I feel like of all the with all of the chaos in the film industry currently, I think  Universal is doing very well.
  I think they've got a lot of big franchises.
  They're Fast and Furious, correct?  Sure.
  They don't I don't think they need it.
  They don't need to like suck the marrow out of the bone in the same way that other if  it was if it was a more struggling company, I feel like it would have happened, you know,  15 years ago.
  Warner Brothers is coming off a year with both Justice League and King Arthur Legend  of the Sword in one financial year.
  Which, by the way, I watched about 50 minutes of King Arthur Legend of the Sword the other  night and then had to like go out.
  And I was like, oh, there can't be too much of this left.
  And I'm like, there's two more hours of this.
  It's fine.
  It's fine.
  It's not offensively bad, but it's just like, I can't believe a King Arthur movie is that  long.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, see, as soon as they figure out that, like by old sequel rules, it would have been  like, well, how do you do it without Marty and if Michael J.
  Fox won't participate?  But now we know that franchises are about the ethereal thing.
  It's about like outsiders taking up, taking the mantle and like they will like a new generation  will rise to drive the DeLorean around.
  It's going to happen.
  I mean, you have to brace for it now.
  Yeah, you should get in the bunker now.
  Until then, you have.
.
.
  I know it's happening.
  But it might be in a decade.
  I want to stave it off as long as possible.
  Or Zemeckis might live to be the oldest, world's oldest man.
  Oh, please.
  Yeah, please.
  110, 50, like you'll be so old at that point that it won't even matter.
  You won't even know, you won't be up on pop culture.
  So you didn't hear about the new one.
  Until then, we have three movies, our memories and footage of the ride, the cartoon and a  four part Telltale Games.
  And I think there was like a little short with for the anniversary, a little short with  Christopher Lloyd doing Doc Brown, doing some bits about like explaining paradoxes or why  the future doesn't look exactly like it did in Back to the Future 2.
  Okay, okay.
  That said, these movies made insane amounts of money.
  Like the first movie cost $19 million and it made over $200 million.
  Jeez.
  And the second movie, they doubled the budget.
  It was like $40 million.
  And then that also, the second and third ones also hugely successful.
  I feel like this was not, I feel like the first Back to the Future was not made thinking  this will be a big old franchise.
  They never would have imagined a ride.
  I can't imagine because it's more of a, even more so than, although your Star Wars was  like, what's that weird little movie they're making in the desert.
  Yeah.
  This felt like more, it feels like a romantic comedy that has sci-fi components, whereas  it became kind of a bigger, full on sci-fi franchise as it went on.
  Yeah.
  It's interesting how, because like, yeah, Star Wars, as you said, like that's designed  for to make a million movies as much like this is not designed, at least when you're  watching the first movie, it's like, oh, this is an interesting thing that happened  in this young man's life.
  But then it's like, no, wait, no, it's all these adventures.
  It's all, it all happens over the course of like a week.
  And he's like, he's still got to go to college.
  Like Marty's got everything ahead of him.
  Yes.
  Uh, I, Christopher Lloyd was saying he always wishes he wished there was one more.
  And I think he said he wished it was like an Egypt.
  Like he had some fantasy in his head that he wishes there was a fourth one that was  like an ancient Egypt or in like, like way old in times.
  Oh, weird.
  Well, this is in the ride you get to go to extremely olden times and it's the, uh, it's,  uh, you know, for probably the last chance to, to really see him.
  Although there was the TV show and things that you've mentioned, but anyway, it seems  like, you know, in a way the, like the last bit of the original trilogy.
  Yeah.
  And, uh, uh, here, if I may, with the, the aforementioned, uh, old tattered universal  flyer.
  Tattered, uh, yeah, brochure, which I told Scott, I have, uh, the exact same brochure.
  Probably have it here in California and it is in the exact same shape and it's gotta  be from the first opening year or two of universal.
  I think my family first went to universal studios, Florida in 1991, which would be about  a year after it opened, right?  Park opened in 1990.
  I think mine might be from 93.
  There's a big picture.
  There's like pictures of all the celebrities who've recently attended, uh, universal studios  like Dan Aykroyd, Macaulay Culkin, and Bill Cosby.
  A giant quote, there just isn't anything like this in the world.
  Robert Wagner.
  Oh, another, yeah, yeah.
  Another good, another good guy to talk about.
  Uh, anyway, but the description of the ride, just to hype everyone up, brace yourself for  the greatest ride in history.
  Buckle up.
  Doc Brown is sending you screaming through time, climbing, diving, blasting you into  the past for an ice age encounter with avalanches, dinosaurs, and a molten volcano.
  Then rocketing you into Hill Valley 2015.
  It's a 21 million gigawatt since surround adventure that brings the blockbuster to life  and makes other thrill rides seem tame.
  Wow.
  That's great.
  I think I agree.
  Uh, I don't, I don't disagree with the word of that.
  Uh, uh, that, uh, that specific amount of gigawatts is pretty bizarre, but Hey, sure.
  Why not?  Uh, this is a, one of my earliest memories of universal is he's riding this ride.
  I guess if we were going through the park chronologically, when my family first went  there, we'd probably hit the E.
T.
 ride first.
  Cause you hit it first on the way.
  Um, but I definitely remember riding this ride probably very vividly.
  Cause I think it was one of the few times I remember my family using the child swap.
  So I got to ride this ride twice in a row.
  Uh, uh, while someone sat with my little brother.
  It was awesome.
  It was great.
  And also I realized like, once we did this, I don't know how much else I would have ridden  in the park, I guess King Kong and the Ghostbusters, the short-lived Ghostbusters show.
  And I think that's where I would have tapped out in first grade.
  But if all you do, when I started like, you know, the ride was still open, I think up  through 2007 here in Hollywood.
  And I would have days where I'd essentially go into that ride, that's it.
  And then go, uh, uh, yeah, it's, uh, uh, definitely the, the, the centerpiece of, of both  parks, probably the best attraction in both parks until some other stuff came along.
  Uh, um, uh, some basics about the ride.
  Now, so open from 1990, uh, although I guess soft opened in 1990, but not really open until  91, officially open in 91 in Florida, Florida open until two, then closed in 2007, opened  from 1994 to 2007 in universal Hollywood.
  No, 93.
  Wasn't it?  Maybe I could be wrong.
  Okay.
  Uh, uh, don't get at us about the research.
  Uh, uh, and, and from 2001 to 2016 in universal Japan, uh, so big, big, lengthy runs, no longer  in operation anywhere, but as, but it, it does sort of, it's a, it's a closure that  I am not terribly upset about because you literally, uh, the ride takes you into a year  that would have passed by the time, uh, you were going on it.
  Like, like that ride could not stay open past 2015.
  Although it did in Japan.
  Yes.
  So you were going into the past.
  Jaws is still open in Japan.
  Uh huh.
  Oh really?  Uh, which is a thing that, uh, uh, yeah, I, I, why I might want to go there.
  Yeah.
  And go to Japan.
  There's a few of our friends, anytime we talk about like, oh, we all kind of, people have  gone to Japan or want to visit Japan, uh, there, there's a few of us who are like, do  you set aside the time to go to universal because they do have the Jaws ride?  Like, uh,  If they still had BTTF, I think that would seal the deal.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Um, what I was going to say, I didn't actually go, we didn't go to universal studios.
  The first couple of times I went to Florida, we just went to Disney.
  So I didn't ride this until I was a little older, which also with the ET ride.
  Um, but this ride does the similar thing to ET and that it like drastically expands.
  What like the universe, like kind of gives you all this new information and like adds  another element to it.
  Like ET gives you a whole nother planet and his backstory.
  Of course we all know the flop glopple and botanicus of course.
  But this is like, there's a future Institute and this expands like what doc does and who  he is like, this is honestly kind of a case for like, I wouldn't mind a movie about this  Institute that doc Brown has multiple branches in multiple times.
  It's kind of interesting.
  It's kind of an interesting idea where he would go like as much as we're like not liking  the idea.
  And obviously Christopher Lloyd probably can't play doc Brown.
  Alden, Alden Reich.
  He takes young Hans, young doc, Donald Glover as Marty.
  But like if it was the nineties and like the, the people who made the movie wanted to make  another movie, I was like, it's kind of a fun idea.
  The stuff that they introduced in this lot in the queue and it's all just to justify  why we're putting a bunch of tourists in this adventure.
  But it's similarly to ET.
  It's like, this is a bunch of stuff not in the movie.
  And that's the thing I like about universal Indiana Jones does it a little bit at Disney,  but Disney is much more kind of book report as they say,  Which is a complaint about a couple of probably might be the complaint about little mermaid  might be a complaint about the Nemo submarines.
  Although I think some of the, you know, I like little mermaid a lot.
  Nemo, I don't know.
  We can get into that later.
  We'll talk about that in another episode.
  But yeah, they're a little more maybe because Disney in general as probably also true with  the Marvel and Star Wars properties.
  It's there's less maybe risk in terms of expanding the universe.
  Whereas universal will take big old strides.
  Be a little, you know, T2 3D similar example where they,  you know, you have the T 1000, but then you expand to the T1 million.
  And the invention that's only in the ride.
  Yes.
  So that's a good thing.
  We like that.
  But if you get that stuff wrong, it can be so wrong and so off.
  But I also but I mean, as I said, maybe it was on the last episode where I was saying  like I had a certain point, even if it's bad, I like it.
  Like, I will say this like the ET Green Planet doesn't make any sense.
  It doesn't make sense to ET.
  He looks totally different than these happy characters, like, but it's great.
  And now it's just canon.
  So even if it's bad, eventually it's good.
  And especially if you were a kid when you saw it, it's good.
  Yeah, it is automatically good.
  But yeah, so the so the basic premise of this doc has opened the Institute of Future Technology  from which he can run a time travel test, but other tech you get to see in the line  like examples of hover bikes and other technologies that he's exploring.
  I love that in the line that you see the office numbers where everybody works in the Institute  of Future Technology.
  And it's a lot of obscure names, probably names of people who worked on the ride.
  But then also like Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Edison and Leonardo da Vinci.
  They all work somehow out of this facility.
  This is the thing.
  So I was just looking.
  There's a whole I forget what we'll tweet a link to.
  There's somebody who put all of this together.
  The ride, the queue, the video, like the pre-show video.
  It's like an hour long YouTube video.
  I watched all of it today.
  Of course.
  And the first thing I'll say is you're mentioning that.
  And there's a lot of like great like fake newsreel footage of Doc going back in time  and like hanging out with Edison and the right.
  He's at the first plane flight.
  The Wright Brothers.
  Oh, yeah.
  The Beatles.
  He's at the Beatles, which this doesn't make any sense because the Beatles came to America  in 1964 and Marty goes back in time into 1955.
  So like they're acting like it's all part of the same thing where Doc is like traveling  through time.
  But I don't know why he went back.
  I guess maybe he didn't know the Beatles would be a thing as a thing, right?  He just wanted to go see them.
  That's what I'm saying.
  It seems like the doctors kind of wandered into the Beatles press conference.
  And then I think the joke is concerned with like disrupting the space time.
  This is my point next to the beat.
  This is my point.
  He's in the movies.
  He's very worried about like you cannot.
  And that part of the ride is they're sending teams to.
  Yeah.
  So different time periods they went to in the movies just to make sure everything's  copacetic.
  They're sending future institute employees to check out constantly.
  And he's hanging out with famous people.
  So the only thing I would criticize maybe about in this pre-show is there should be  a thing where Doc realized that when he went all this like time traveling that they did  in these movies.
  That didn't really matter very much.
  So who cares?  Yeah, go back in time.
  Fuck around.
  It doesn't really matter.
  It didn't change the time stream that much.
  Who cares?  It's a more lax Doc.
  And also at the end of part three, Doc has vowed to destroy the time machine.
  No more experiments.
  Although I guess the time train is an indicator that he has reversed that decision.
  He is going to travel through time with his wife, Clara, and his two creepy sons.
  The boy who points at his dick.
  If you haven't seen that YouTube video or if you, if you, you guys know this, right?  I just heard about this.
  Like we didn't talk about this last week.
  Did we?  I don't believe so.
  I heard about it in the last week for whatever reason.
  Either Jules or Vern.
  I don't know about this actually.
  Oh my God.
  Look it up.
  Yeah.
  Just look, just Google creepy kid back to the future.
  Sorry to if that child has grown and a good dude now.
  I would hope they've grown.
  You were creepy as a kid.
  And he, I think it's, he does this bizarre gesture where he points down to his crotch  and then does a kind of like come hither gesture.
  And it's in the movie as you're pushing in on doc kind of saying his final, like in the  future is what you make of it.
  There's this kid pointing at his dick.
  It's really, really weird.
  And which I, which my wife interpreted.
  Little kids are weird.
  I think he had to pee.
  I think is what I think he was telling someone off camera.
  That was the best take thing.
   But in the other ones he just yells, I gotta pee.
  Or, or started peeing.
  Yeah.
  That's like a trick when you go to like child acting school is like, if you have to pee,  signal to the first AD, like this point here and then wave anytime.
  If it's in the take, it's fine.
  So yeah.
  So doc is like real casual now about time travel.
  So I would have loved like a him explaining like, nah, it doesn't really matter.
  We just, I'm just having the time of my life hanging out with these old celebrities.
  My retirement years.
  Fuck them rules.
  You said though, he says he's going to just get rid of the time to shoot and stuff, but  they zoom off, right?  Things.
  The time train zooms off.
  Yeah.
  What I'm saying is to go fuck around somewhere.
  He says he's going to destroy the time machine by the time he shows up with the time train.
  Maybe that's an indicator that maybe that's, that's true.
  That's a good point.
  Because why would you build the time train?  I guess it's sort of like in Breaking Bad, you know, Mike tells Walt no more half measures  and then everything Mike does is half measures.
  People have a pattern.
  So I guess if I think about it, doc constantly tells people not to fuck with time, but he  built a time machine.
  So he's always going to fuck with time.
  I guess that's really, I guess there doesn't need to be an explanation.
  I guess I've solved the problem that I presented.
  Doc is always going to mess with the time stream.
  By butterfly effect logic.
  Any, if he were running over a blade of grass with the DeLorean would have some effect on  something.
  Of course.
  No way he's making it out.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So anyway, it's fun.
  Time travels now just fun.
  And they presented in this really great way.
  And I forgot sort of all about this is they do a newsreel called doc on the March, which  is like the same kind of bit as the Indiana Jones ride, which is an old style newsreel.
  And it's black and white footage.
  And they use like stock footage of like sixties things.
  And like they show what doc has made his inventions.
  Like it's all this history of doc and it's great.
  I was so delighted watching it.
  Loved that kid.
  And that kind of film style that was like tougher to do.
  And it was, this is pre forest gump, like, uh, you know, starting a book into the old  footage is pretty crazy.
  Uh, so kudos to, you know, in general, I'm sure we'll keep coming back to it besides  the ride film itself, which is incredible.
  All of the pre-show materials are so great and there is so much of it.
  There's a half hour's worth of pre-show material.
  And credited, uh, one of the first gigs credited to Peyton Reed, director of Iron Man or Ant  Man and Ant Man and the Wasp, the upcoming Ant Man and the Wasp.
  I, I, downward love a director of, uh, some of the last season of Mr.
  Show, some of the best sketches they ever did.
  Uh, uh, I think he even, I remember hearing an interview with him and he talked about  how like they, they really did get them a lot of freedom on this ride.
  And I feel like he may have also directed some of the pre-show Q segments.
  He's not credited.
  Wrote it though.
  Uh, uh, but yeah, it is credited as, as writer.
  Um, also wrote and directed the making of the Bags of Future trilogy with Kirk Cameron  that was included as a bonus VHS in the four pack that I bought at Universal Studios.
  Wow.
  The first time I went on the ride because there was a Bags of Future specific store  and I said, boy, it's the other cherished childhood memory.
  I still got those tapes kicking around.
  What an insane markup that must have had.
  Oh yeah, I'm sure.
  Must've been like $109 in 1995.
  Um, yeah, so there's just so much material.
  Um, and I mean, I was writing notes down, but it's like, we can't get through all of  it.
  But there's good, there's like, there's funny jokes in it still.
  Like there's like these weird inventions he made, uh, the flapjack maker.
  There's like something where you can, you can bronze shoes and bronze your wife's hat.
  And then it says like, and there's like just old footage of like somebody getting blasted  in the head with bronze, like some stock footage they must've found.
  He has a bizarre like hair puff up.
  And it's, I wrote it, uh, it's static, the head static hair chair.
  So the way you would cut your hair is like, it would make your hair stand up and then  they would cut it easier.
  And it looks like this was maybe actually a weird invention someone made and they just  attribute it to doc.
  Oh yeah, it was like kooky old has to the future kind of.
  Yeah, like those, like that weight loss machine that would just jiggle you with that thing  around, whatever that's called.
  Good for doc though.
  He's running through time, make it like he's, he's, he's a crackpot when you meet him who  nobody's heard of and he's distrusted by this local principle.
  And then now he is beloved by the world, hanging with the Beatles, hanging with all the greatest  inventors of all time.
  Is a movie I would have liked to see a nineties movie where doc was hanging with, like, just  take Marty out of the equation and just, it's doc hanging out.
  Where doc goes like back just far enough to kind of hang around Steve jobs, hear the idea,  take it, come back, do his own keynote and you know, uh, 2000 right before he gets the  jump on the iPod on the iPad and the black turtleneck.
  Yeah, I think that's great.
  You got the whole thing.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, this ride has, uh, I think one of, one of my favorite, like legitimately solid jokes  in a theme park attraction when the ride is over and you are exiting the room, uh, then  you can hear doc going, hurry up, get out before you meet yourself coming in.
  Like that's such a solid time travel joke.
  Like the ride really does a great job of capturing the humor of the movies.
  Like the basic premise of why the Institute of future technology is there is doc's going  to do a test where he's going to send you one day into the future because any more than  that would be a, uh, too much of a shock to the system.
  Right.
  But until things go terribly awry.
  Thing goes, uh, yeah, because, uh, I think we said earlier, but, uh, doc has sent his  employees to the different time periods they visit in the movies to make sure everything  is copacetic after, uh, you know, he had been there.
  And 1950s Biff, uh, Stowe, not the Stowe's away in with the 1955 team and now comes to  the future and he has a vendetta.
  Right.
  Which is this, this sort of is the least making sense part of the ride in my mind.
  Yeah.
  Why is it specifically 1950s Biff?  Because there's multiple Biffs you could choose from.
  He's like, uh, you know, he's, he's, he's an older disheveled guy, uh, in, in 1985 and  then a bitter old man in 2015.
  And then the current day is the Trump Biff.
  Yeah.
  Who is certainly like a savvier person.
  And like that's the alternate 1985, which by the way, as we record this, uh, uh, essentially  Biff Tannen is giving his presidential state of the union for that first time.
  We, we live in the deep into the alternate 1985.
  A worse Biff is giving his state of the union.
  That is our president.
  Kind of a little more street smart and crafty than Biff Tannen.
  Yeah.
  But this guy, he pulled off, it was, it, uh, but it's something that maybe a young Trump  would have done is stow away in the, uh, in an early iteration of the Institute of future  technology and to do what?  To go out, he says, I'm going to take it on a little joy ride, but what's really,  It doesn't really, it's not, I don't, I can't,  It's just going to cause chaos.
  Yeah.
  So he stows away in a DeLorean that's doing like a routine checkup.
  Now it seems like doc is running cars and time machines just to go to years to check up.
  He's got a shit ton of DeLoreans.
  Yeah.
  Because he doesn't take the, one of the new eight passenger DeLoreans, which is what he's  showing off to us, the audience, uh, he, the eight passenger convertible DeLorean, as he  points out, there's a couple of mods to the DeLorean that we're getting on, but Biff is  just on an old fashioned regular one, which is also sitting around the Institute and he's  able to like override all of this technology.
  He locks doc in his own office, a bunch of bars drop down.
  He overrides whatever security system is in place at the Institute.
  Biff is just some sort of technological genius all of a sudden.
  There's a joke just how stupid he is in Back to the Future.
  The old Biff can't do literally anything right.
  He doesn't know how to speak very well.
  But he goes to 1990 and is able to override security.
  Like he's, there's a part where he sprays paint on a, over a security camera, but like  That concept wouldn't have been introduced in the 50s, right?  When did security cameras first catch on?  They were really archaic.
  I just feel like to see one tilting back and forth.
  I mean, maybe he's thinking one step ahead.
  Oh, of course, security cameras are more technologically advanced now, but I don't know.
  Don't say don't go over to that cafe 80s.
  Don't go meet that Reagan and Ayatollah hologram or that'll really freak you out.
  If he's Biff.
  There's also a section where he talks to the audience via a security camera, which I don't  think they explain.
  Doc has a two way camera to talk to the tourists, but Biff is like, obviously looks in a security  camera and goes, well, tourists are out here.
  And then it's like, come on guys.
  Security cameras don't traditionally capture audio sometimes either.
  Yeah.
  There's a really funny piece of universal promotional video where he says into the security  camera, what are you looking at, butthead?  And it cuts to a full audience like, ha ha ha ha ha.
  Like a big old laugh at just what are you looking at, butthead?  Which is one of his classic lines.
  But it's not in a ride that has like literal jokes.
  That one's not particularly a joke.
  Although I always love the, you know, like the screen door in a battleship.
  Those like those jokes and insults that Biff gets wrong.
  I think that's a very funny thing from the movies.
  In this one, he says he, before unleashing a bunch of ball bearings, just a bunch of  marbles go on the floor and he trips up the security guards.
  He says, have a nice trip.
  See you next winter.
  And they all see you next fall.
  Again, solid jokes in this ride.
  Yeah, pretty good.
  Like there's something about, I think, not just in the ride, but in the films themselves,  the Back to the Future comedy, I think is fairly timeless.
  And I think some of it survives better than we've talked about, like comedy and rides  going stale very quickly.
  And there's something about, it's like not hard, funny enough, but it's like classic  enough and multigenerational enough that this stuff still works.
  Well, Doc is, Christopher Lloyd is the greatest mugger of all time also.
  It's just mugging is funny if it's done by a person who's good at it.
  And Christopher Lloyd is the best in the business.
  I think people don't talk about how great Christopher Lloyd is enough.
  As a kid, I loved him in Camp Nowhere.
  Remember Camp Nowhere, the movie where they make a fake summer camp?  He's Uncle Fester.
  He's Jim Mignotowski on Taxi.
  He's great on all of these things, even stuff that's bad.
  It's like, well, he's very watchable and he mugs and like mugging is a comedy language  that transcends generations and countries.
  And this had to work in America and Japan.
  And I'm sure his face is funny.
  He makes funny faces.
  There's a really good one in the ride where he like he's kind of like shuttering through  the bars, just like, oh, Tannenbrrrrr.
  Yeah, and it could be horrible with a worse actor doing it, but like the bigness of Christopher  Lloyd just really worked.
  He's like one of those classic Adam West-y guys where he pulled off broad so well.
  I feel like there's a self-awareness to the humor in the ride, too, which definitely gets  heightened even more with the replacement, because The Simpsons ride is the most like  take so many potshots.
  It's so self-aware.
  It's a ride.
  Also, self-aware, the animated Doc Brown shows up in the pre-show queue of The Simpsons ride.
  Yes, but we should save that for the Simpsons episode.
  But I think we're not doing I was so delighted to see that they like handed off the keys,  essentially.
  And you get to see seeing a Simpsonized Doc Brown is a lot of fun and seeing him interact  with Professor Frank.
  And Krusty.
  Funniest scientist.
  And Christopher Lloyd's voice.
  Not a sound alike.
  Very cool.
  Did Christopher Lloyd do the voice on the cartoon?  No, it's Dan Castellaneta.
  It is?  Yeah.
  Is that really?  That's crazy.
  As the Genie and now I've he replaced Robin Williams as the Genie here and there and then  he played Doc Brown in the cartoon.
  That seems like I set you up for that perfectly, but I did not know the answer to it.
  I was very surprised because he has done the voice in other stuff like other video games  and stuff.
  So yeah, that's a nice little nod to it.
  Oh, he's Doc Brown in the Seth MacFarlane of the Western movie.
  I believe they like they open a door and he's like an old blacksmith.
  He's in Old West.
  Oh, A Million Ways to Die in the West?  There you go.
  Oh my God.
  All right, because he becomes a blacksmith in the third movie.
  What an odd nod to the other universal Western comedy.
  Yeah, they all tie together.
  Um, well, God, what?  And what else?  I mean, there's so much.
  He was just to say Jason was saying there's a lot of it's like a very self-referential  in the one of the pre-show videos.
  I think it's when he's in the future.
  He's like, look at the Zemeckis Gale diagram.
  Oh, yeah.
  Like they just like there's not any subtlety to that reference.
  And when you're in the DeLorean, you can see a little graph that says Zemeckis Gale coordinates,  which those are the two creators and screenwriters of the Back to the Future franchise.
  Some of that, a little reference that I understood when I was  10 or whatever and felt like a good goody little two shoes.
  Like, does everyone else in the car get this?  I know who Gale and Zemeckis are.
  That's funny because I don't know that a lot of people would know Bob Gale.
  But I think Zemeckis is on the level where like, oh, I know he's a Hollywood guy.
  Like, you know, I feel like my parents would know.
  Early 90s or late 80s?  Oh, yeah, maybe not.
  Probably as the 90s went on.
  He hadn't had Polar Express yet.
  He hadn't had these.
  Beowulf.
  Beowulf.
  He had the Wire, White Man on Wire, right?  He made that?  I believe so.
  Oh, that's the documentary.
  But the film.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's the real version.
  We do our research, dammit.
  No more three stars.
  I'm just gonna keep haranguing that single review.
  Even though we've had worse reviews since, but that was the first one and the worst one.
  It stings the most.
  I mean, it doesn't sting.
  I don't care.
  I don't care at all.
  All right, well, elsewhere in the research that we've done about this, right?  There is so much to talk about.
  Okay, so you're also, there's the video, you're moving through so many rooms and watching  different videos in all of these rooms.
  You're also introduced to a woman who is kind of a receptionist, like a representative somehow  of the Institute of Future Technology, played by an actress, Darlene Vogel, who has also  Spike, the female member of Griff's gang in 2015.
  Griff is Biff's son.
  Wait, no, grandson, I believe.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, it's grandson.
  Oh, yeah.
  Did you finish watching my car, Gramps?  Where do you guys land on Back to the Future in terms of favorite movies?  I'm such a Back to the Future 2 person.
  Yeah, I was a big Back to the Future 2 kid.
  I think that we're all Tomorrowland kids, and I think future always won.
  So when I was a kid, I was always very big on like, two is the best.
  And my mom would always be like, two isn't the best.
  The first one's obviously the best.
  I'd be like, yeah, but two is cool.
  And you go to the future.
  And then I think you were the one who pointed out a year or two ago, they're in the future  for like 10 minutes and two.
  Yeah, yeah.
  There's not much future.
  They had a breeze through it.
  They sort of have to deal with it.
  And they spent most of two in the 50s.
  Yeah.
  Like, it's kind of on top of each other.
  You're in alternate 1985.
  You're in R&B and Trump world.
  And then you're in 1950, you're back in the first movie.
  But I love that.
  I love that bizarre 80s by way of future for sure.
  Oh, yeah.
  Big influence on the show I got to do Moobib City.
  This like crazy neon pastel clash of 80s and future.
  So too, I could just swim in that forever.
  So there is a ride where you get to go into this bizarre 2015.
  It's more specifically a Back to the Future 2 ride than  any of the other movies really.
  Yes.
  I think that, yeah.
  I think as a kid, I did not care for the Old West,  which totally different now.
  I love the Old West.
  But as a kid, three was like fine.
  But I was sort of bored because it was Old West.
  Two, I think just because of the future stuff,  always was my favorite.
  I think you probably have to give it up for one,  being the best movie.
  As a movie that stands on its own.
  And it's like, it's almost perfect.
  I mean, there's a bunch of creepy stuff.
  And like, yeah, two is great.
  Like two, yeah.
  It's a big weird mess.
  Two is a hoverboard.
  Yeah, there's so many good stuff.
  There's a lot of iconography from that.
  I think as we were saying earlier, the rainbow hat.
  I love the big weird mess nature of it.
  I like that it's sort of scattered and all.
  And there's stuff that works and stuff that doesn't work.
  Oh yeah.
  There's so much bizarre technology.
  The pizza.
  Oh, the pizza hut.
  It's great.
  There's two ties when he's talking to needle,  uh, Flea when he's talking to needles.
  That's the television channel,  that multi-channel TV that he's watching.
  The fax machine.
  Oh yeah.
  Refired Fujitsu-san.
  Here is a fact about me.
  When I was a kid, like I was a big action figure kid.
  I really liked action figures, playing with them  and buying them.
  And they were all pretty,  when action figures were first really like hit a boom in the 90s.
  I mean, I guess they'd been around for a little while,  but they all came with this very thin cardboard backers.
  And I would take the big ones of those and like,  try to like push myself around on the carpet.
  Like it was a hoverboard.
  Cause they were always very smooth, glossy cardboard.
  So like they would slide around carpet, not very far,  but they didn't make the hoverboard until like  fucking 20 years later, people are spending $300 on hoverboard replicas.
  They're still not real, but they're still not real.
  But the current hoverboards light on fire very much in the way  that a lot of Doc Brown inventions do.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  Even within the ride, they kind of reprise the joke from the first movie  where he's got a little complicated model that he downplays and says,  you know, forgive the, the crudity of this.
  And then he sets up a car, it goes catches on fire.
  Trying to scare you that you're going to burst into flames on the ride.
  And there's a lot, like, I was very nervous about this ride as always,  this being for 80 cat kids.
  I was very nervous about this ride the first time and almost every time,  because you end up in this little, this tiny waiting room.
  Once you get split off into the little eight person groups,  the room that you go into right before the ride begins is very small  and claustrophobic and it shakes like crazy because you're right next to the ride  and the ride mechanism.
  Do you guys remember this?  Well, it's still happening now on the Simpsons ride.
  Oh, they didn't diminish the shake.
  You know, there's no way to diminish that shake because it really feels like  you're getting bombed while you're in that little world.
  Like six or eight feet from a massive hydraulic arm.
  But the thing keeps jerking around and there's like 20,  how many cars on this thing?  So, OK, so there's two IMAX domes and each one has 12 cars.
  Are they called omni something?  Omni max domes.
  It's not IMAX.
  An interesting thing I found out the range of movement in either direction of the car  is only about two feet.
  But because you're getting jerked around so much and it's queued up with, like,  different effects and the footage on screen, you think you're really getting thrown around.
  The most you can go, like, left to right, you know, front to back is like two feet of movement.
  Yeah, really.
  But also the fact that you're in these smaller vehicles that are all looking at the one giant  screen, like you're rocking around so much that it, because they're smaller,  like the smaller range of motion does more to you than a Star Tours cabin does.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's a bigger room.
  So you have, I don't know, in a smaller car, you're feeling those jerks and movements a lot more.
  And there's something to the open, because it's open air, like Star Tours is a closed vehicle  and like it's being open air almost feels like when I was a kid or even now in The Simpsons,  you kind of feel like you could fly out of it a little bit.
  Like you could fly out of the car.
  In terms of motion rides, looking at screens, I think this is the cream of the crop.
  Like I prefer this much more to like a moving theater or even the minion ride.
  I guess the minion ride is separate cars, but you can see them all in this.
  It's kind of designed so you can just see.
  I mean, if you are on the edge and you lean out of the car opening a little,  you can see the other cars around you.
  Ideally, like you are just seeing the screen like you are not looking at the other cars.
  And that screen is so immersive that it's going in all directions.
  Like if you look up, it's all the way above you, you know, because it's a fisheye shaped screen.
  It's it's it's all directions.
  I mean, it's still it's sort of the same like the newest version of this is the Avatar ride.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Is that no, I haven't been on that ride yet.
  Is that a curved screen?  Is that like does that I have no up you like the like the Soren rides do it.
  But more so I have not looked into exactly what the shape of the screen is,  but it is another one where, like, if you really kind of crane your neck to the right,  you see like, oh, the illusion gets broken a little bit.
  But it is like the it's the it's the latest version of this, basically.
  Well, if I could talk a little about the some of the technology involved in this ride,  because like I think until I was doing research in the last couple of days,  I don't think I appreciated like what a step forward this ride was and what it's for sure.
  The film was itself.
  So the fact that it is.
  All right.
  So, yeah, it's OmniMax screens, which is it is that is a part of IMAX.
  Apparently now they call it IMAX Dome.
  But the idea that you're looking at 70 millimeter footage shot in a fish eye way  so that it's it's an image that totally wraps all around you up, down, left, right.
  And this had only been used in museums up until this point.
  You know, I think like at Carnegie Mellon, there was this giant IMAX facility.
  Franklin Institute in Philadelphia had a huge, huge IMAX.
  And yeah, IMAX now it's IMAX or large format screen.
  If we're not using copyrighted terms, are just everywhere.
  We're like we can walk to an IMAX screen from where we're recording.
  Yes, but like a real it's not a full like IMAX, though.
  It's it's good and it's high def, but it's not like the full the no,  we could get the universal city walk if that's what you're saying.
  That is a real IMAX screen.
  But there's a one in Burbank.
  Yeah, there's one in Burbank.
  Yeah, spoiler alert, we're recording in Burbank.
  Recording in Burbank.
  But they I mean, when when they went to test it,  like they had to take foam cars to an IMAX in in Canada.
  Is that right?  I read something about this.
  Wait, I'm not sure.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  It was from a World's Fair.
  It was they had a leftover giant screen from the World's Fair in Canada.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  So they were so Universal made the deal with Omnimax to take this this technology  that only been used in an educational way, basically be the first to use it for entertainment.
  Now it's the same technology that's used in Soarin' Over California or Soarin' Over the World.
  This is the first use in a theme park setting.
  So they made this deal with Omnimax, started building the theaters, bought the projector.
  It is all happening.
  The deal is in place.
  And then they start running tests of a separate movie, not the one that we all  know and love today.
  But there was another ride film made by a different director named Richard Edlund.
  And they were filming.
  They were like testing out dailies of this thing at this Vancouver location.
  And whenever with like a little mock up DeLorean.
  But the tests went really badly and people were getting nauseous.
  And just like the the screen itself, there were a lot of problems with.
  Like you didn't know where to look.
  It was very disorienting.
  Like showing footage in these kind of theaters is really insane because it's this massive dome.
  So if there's a really bright object up in the upper right, the light refracts all over  the room and messes up the lighting on the rest of the screen.
  So people are getting nauseous.
  There's weird lighting issues.
  The ride's going very badly.
  Universal knows they need to make a change.
  So they reach out to a director named Douglas Trumbull, who ended up directing the final  film.
  Let me consult my notes here.
  But Douglas Trumbull, he's like this amazing optical effects artist who worked on 2001  A Space Odyssey, Close Encounters, Blade Runner, Tree of Life much later.
  Directed this bizarre movie Brainstorm with Christopher Walken in the 80s.
  He's just like this, like if you that he did that crazy space travel sequence in 2001.
  Just incredible pioneer.
  Like the practical effects and like all like the cool images from all these films before  digital effects were so prevalent.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And I wouldn't pretend to know how to describe all this stuff.
  Yeah, but it's all like giant cells are being printed out and like hand painted to make  effects like what you see in Close Encounters and Blade Runner.
  And that's what got me.
  You're talking about tech on this ride.
  The footage, the ride footage is all practical.
  It's all miniatures.
  Yeah.
  Like there's no CGI.
  Good CGI had it was just a few years away from catching on.
  But like there are no computer effects in this ride.
  This is a bonkers wild fact about this thing.
  Even though you're smashing through signs and like there's big time warp tunnels.
  It's stop motion.
  Yeah.
  It's crazy.
  If you've ever seen like there's like one star where they were making Star Wars like  there's these just they made the Death Star and they were just shooting little X wings  and like that's sort of what this is like when you see the videos because there's a  couple different there's some video like I watched about this this gentleman and they're  showing a lot of like pictures from the the making of it.
  And it's all just models.
  It's all just and they're all gigantic.
  Like we haven't really talked about the structure of this ride too much, but basically,  but if you if you don't know it, first you're in the you follow Biff into the future.
  You're in 2015.
  Then you end up in the Ice Age.
  You're going through these giant ice caverns and you end up encountering a big dinosaur  and going down like a lava fall basically.
  And if you look at behind the scenes photos, and I'm sure we'll post some of these.
  It is in these are gigantic sets.
  There is an overhead of that dinosaur set and it goes on forever and ever and ever because  they had to build the dinosaur that was big enough to swallow the camera, which like I  often wonder going on it is this like a weird little puppet dinosaur, but I didn't know  to last few days.
  It's it is.
  It's it's a motion controlled gigantic rig creature that is free camera into.
  And what's really bizarre is they had to build the IMAX camera that they ended up building  was only a foot wide, even though it's you're looking at is creating images that are being  projected in beautiful quality at seven stories.
  It's only a foot because it had to fit through all these miniatures and go into a dinosaur.
  So anyway, the like the situation with Doug Trumbull, he comes in and says, well, this  technology that you're using, the OmniMax, you know, this is really bad for this ride  for this reason.
  And this reason I think you should bail on that.
  And Universal says too late.
  We are building the buildings.
  We have the projector.
  We are not changing that.
  It's too late to change that.
  So he has to pitch out a new version of the ride that makes use of this technology that's  extremely clunky and bizarre.
  And his main pitches are, as I said, you can't have, you know, like weird, you know, weird  bright thing flying by on one end of the screen and flying away to the other.
  You need like like focal points, basically, and even lighting, which is why so much of  the ride is at night.
  It's why it's all at night or you're in like the ice room or the lava room and that's  all even.
  But it's also why it's a chase, because Biff is like a single point to focus on.
  So he brought that idea of chase Biff, bump him, keep him in your view.
  That is so that you have one thing to focus on.
  So you aren't noticing Bizarro strobing on one side of the camera or the other.
  Yeah, so bugged out by shit and getting nauseous.
  The narrative of the ride is that to get Biff back to the present, you need to bump him  with your car.
  You have to bump at 88 miles per hour, which will create a time vortex.
  We'll send you back to the both vehicles hurtling vehicles,  sending you flying through a sign that says back to the future once you ultimately do  it.
  This is one of my other odd bones to pick about this ride.
  Why are you why do you burst through a scene?  Why do you burst through a screen that says back to the future?  Like the movie is not like the characters are not aware of the Back to the Future logo.
  No, you know, like why wouldn't it say Institute of Future Technology?  Yeah, I don't know.
  That doesn't make any sense.
  I haven't seen anything.
  I was looking through that and I was like, there's no real explanation.
  Yeah, as much as it was very cool to fly through that logo because it's a badass logo.
  But anyway, the other thing I glossed over this, that this was the new plot added by  Doug Trumbull.
  But do you guys know about the old plot?  I saw a little bit about this.
  The old plot was that you were going over scenes from the movies.
  Is that right or no?  I've heard several reports.
  There is that.
  This conflicting information.
  Yes, apparently.
  They considered a roller coaster very early on and they're like, oh shit, this goes too  fast.
  He can't tell a story with a roller coaster.
  Uh huh.
  Nowadays, they've slowly started figuring out how to combine show scenes and roller coasters.
  And I think, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You can like sort of stop a roller coaster car on a dime a little better.
  Things like The Mummy, you can actually have scenes in a roller coaster.
  But yeah, it wouldn't have.
  It would have.
  You would have just been passing by big arrows and clocks.
  What did you read?  Because I read it was like you would kind of float, go over like different scenes from  three movies.
  Apparently, and this is this is pretty this is validated by a little press release that  was put out in the in the L.
A.
 Times, among other things.
  These are things that would have happened in the ride.
  You'll catapult to Kitty Hawk for a run in with the Wright Brothers.
  Rocket to Venice for a brush with Da Vinci.
  Whoosh through Niagara Falls.
  These are things stated to who this is what would have.
  And I believe some of this stuff was filmed.
  I think this is what they were testing in Vancouver.
  And this is what was bugging people out.
  Well, you got the Wright Brothers in a kooky old plane flying left to right, flying all  over the frame.
  And people like got sick trying to follow them.
  A couple of things on that.
  One, sort of similar to what would go in Soarin', like going through like or by giant waterfalls.
  The other thing is like that is sort of much more along the lines of what we're talking  about in the queue and the pre-show stuff like.
  Meeting famous people through history.
  It makes more sense when you're looking at that pre-show material.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And it's also there's a weird I guess it's like Da Vinci and a flying machine and the  Wright Brothers because they had to think of flying stuff to get a bunch of shit whizzing  around.
  But yeah, I think it was Doc Brown goes to stop Hitler or something like that.
  Brown and Biff stops him.
  Biff wants Hitler to succeed.
  Biff and Hitler are hanging out.
  As a proponent of evil, he doesn't want to crush Hitler's legs with the DeLorean.
  Christopher Lloyd back in this.
  Thomas F.
 Wilson who played Biff is back in it as well.
  Great as always.
  Very funny.
  He's fantastic.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He's really, really funny in this.
  Here, let me also show you.
  So this notion of this version of the ride also validated by this concept art.
  We'll post this on the Twitter.
  This is from studiotour.
com.
  Look at this crazy thing.
  You got flying machines.
  You got the DeLorean going down a waterfall.
  You do have a dinosaur which ended up in the final ride and a pterodactyl.
  And there's another thing you can Google.
  They built this pterodactyl.
  You can buy a pterodactyl used in an unused version of the B.
T.
G.
F.
  And you've also got, look up here.
  Here's another bizarre thing.
  A Blade Runner kind of cityscape?  Yes.
  You've got some future building that looks like my favorite building in the world.
  The Westin Bonaventure downtown.
  This amazing like pod building with all with rotating restaurants at the top.
  It looks exactly like that.
  And there's a bunch of weird blimps flying around.
  Yes, I read about the blimps.
  Oh, I read about the blimps.
  Yes.
  There was some sort of preoccupation with blimps in an original version of this ride.
  Uh huh.
  And no one knows why or do you know why?  I don't know.
  Don't know why.
  They're flying things.
  Might as well put them on their head.
  I think they noted in here.
  That is a go-to trope I feel like for like a world similar to ours but not quite.
  Most versions of Gotham City in Batman comics or movies or TV shows there's a bunch of fucking  blimps floating around.
  Even, like I said, Blade Runner, not quite blimps but there's like some weird floating  shit about this city.
  Also in the music video for the Spice Girls spice up your life.
  Yeah.
  There's a bunch of big blimps flying around.
  The Spice Girls also into futuristic aerial technology.
  Sky captain in the world of tomorrow, a much maligned movie that I saw in theaters and  enjoyed.
  Hey.
  Huh.
  It's not it.
  Indiana Jones.
  A decent ride.
  Yeah.
  Three there's a blimp.
  But that's a historical blimp.
  Oh yeah.
  Exactly.
  It's a blimp of the.
.
.
  I guess it's not really a blimp then it's a zeppelin.
  A zeppelin.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But let me point out one more thing about this concept art and I hope on Twitter you  can go to our Twitter as you're listening to this to see what we're talking about.
  But note one thing about this concept art doesn't Doc look bizarre?  He looks like the joke.
  He looks like Jack Nicholson Joker to me.
  He looks like the.
.
.
  He looks like Beetlejuice.
  Like he looks like Beetlejuice.
  I feel like there's a.
.
.
  He's got his arms widespread and evil glint in his eye.
  There's likely Beetlejuice in that brochure you were showing us earlier.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Which we can also take some pictures of and post on the Twitter.
  Tatter old.
.
.
  If you like tatter old brochure books.
  Tatter old marketing material.
  So this one is not as validated as what I found out about the Wright brothers and DaVinci  and all that, but according to Defunctland, a great video series about old theme park  rides, this guy claims, and I couldn't find a second source, but this guy claims that  this ride was supposed to have Doc Brown's evil twin brother.
  Yes, yes.
  I saw that too.
  And that was very.
.
.
  I would have loved that.
  That's another thing where like they're just making shit up about this universe.
  Because you know that would have been Christopher Lloyd just in a different wig.
  Oh boy, that would have been something.
  Black jumpsuit, black wig.
  I.
.
.
  You're like crazy black hair.
  He'd look like Tim Burton.
  Just me and Tim Burton.
  He would look like his character in Roger Rabbit.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh, maybe no hair.
  Maybe that's the opposite of Doc Brown.
  Maybe you have no hair.
  You are not curious.
  Because you don't read.
  You're not into Jules Verne.
  Oh, he's a Luddite.
  He's some valid genius Luddite.
  He doesn't talk like this.
  Who is upset that his brother is so pro-technology.
  Right, that would have to be the case.
  Sinful.
  So also Doc Brown's evil twin brother is religious.
  Yes, he is just a man of faith.
  He's about the Lord.
  And he thinks Doc Brown is playing God.
  Yeah, and he wouldn't be wrong.
  I think you have to really to develop a villain, he would have to have some interesting points  to make.
  And that would be fair to say.
  I think we go to Zemeckis with this idea, baby.
  I think this is how we get it back.
  Okay, so the Institute of Future Technology is up and running.
  Doc Brown is renowned all over the world, but he didn't count on one thing, his evil twin  brother showing up.
  Presumably like be a horse and buggy getting to the Institute of Future Technology, messing  up the whole thing.
  I think he's probably locked his evil brother away in some prison in time somewhere.
  And his brother's gotten out.
  So now he has a real bone to pick with his brother because he locked him away.
  Like the days of the plague or something.
  Put him in some weird dungeon and hoping that maybe he'd catch a little bubonic.
  Or like a famous prison.
  What's the most famous prison?  Uh, Alcatraz.
  It's the worst prison in all of time.
  Well, but I think you'd have to go back to whatever the.
.
.
  The countermonic Christo one on the island.
  I hate to say it, but you're probably going back to slave times.
  I think slaves probably had the worst prisons.
  If you consider those prisons.
  I think maybe he'd like convinces a slave owner that his brother is on a.
.
.
  So you're saying he sells his evil brother to slavery?  Doc sells his evil brother to a slave owner.
  Here's a dumb question.
  Is the Bastille a prison or a palace?  That they.
.
.
  You snort the Bastille?  I feel very dumb.
  If it was not at the theme park, right?  It wasn't a theme park.
  Irrelevant history to us.
  I think they left that out of Impressions de France.
  Lot of history ignored in World Showcase.
  I think we can make this now.
  Doc Brown, one day from retirement, about to hand off the Institute of Future Technology  to his young protege, Donald Glover.
  All right.
  Very popular, right?  Very hot right now.
  Big reboot guy right now.
  And yeah, and then suddenly evil Doc Brown shows up, hidden away,  like Rochester's first wife in Jane Eyre.
  That's right.
  You didn't expect me to drop a literature reference on the way.
  There wasn't a ride about Jane Eyre, was there?  There's no Jane Eyre ride anywhere.
  It may be in Eiffeldling.
  Eiffeldling, get on that Jane Eyre ride.
  Straight from Jason's imagination.
  There's no Wuthering Heights.
  The great novels are not represented in the theme parks.
  The Wuthering Heights, the spooky house from Wuthering Heights,  does not show up at Halloween Horror Nights.
  That's a good idea though.
  Doc Brown's opposite would have to, well, I guess his last name is Brown,  and he can't help that, but what color is the opposite of Brown?  If you're looking at a color wheel.
  He could change his name though.
  Yeah, he could probably change his own.
  No, he doesn't want to be associated with the Brown family.
  Yeah, because it's not black and white, but Brown and.
.
.
  Yellow?  Doc Yellow?  We have to look at a color wheel to figure this out.
  Whatever the opposite of Brown is.
  I would pitch Doc Gray.
  It's not perfect opposite, but Dr.
 Gray is interesting.
  What's the opposite of being a doctor?  Alderman?  Professor?  Maybe I'd just be Professor Brown.
  Yeah, Professor's too good though.
  Pastor Gray?  Oh, Pastor Gray.
  Doc Brown's evil twin brother, Professor Gray,  shows up, hopes that the power of Christ will.
.
.
  Imagine, what if he showed up when he first sent Marty back in time,  tried to combat the power of the lightning bolt with the power of Christ?  And you're looking at like interdimensional Christ rays coming out of a cross,  trying to push back that lightning bolt.
  So Christianity is now real in this, for sure.
  Like the Bible is real and the powers he has are real, I guess.
  I mean, that's fine.
  Well, I bet that could tie together to the end.
  Maybe as a Hail Mary, Doc Brown and Donald Glover travel back in time,  bring Christ himself to present day to convince Pastor Gray  the wrongs of his ways.
  There's a reference in the first movie, I think he says,  where you can go back to when Christ was, was he says born or does he say the crucifixion?  Oh yeah, because he goes to Christmas.
  He goes to.
.
.
  No, no, he doesn't yet.
  Nobody's going to the crucifixion.
  We could go to the crucifixion, Marty.
  But maybe that's.
.
.
  Maybe that.
.
.
  What if.
.
.
  Although, would Pastor Gray use Doc.
.
.
  Would he be able to use Doc's technology?  Maybe he wishes to Christ that,  can I get my brother sent back to your crucifixion and get him crucified?  In lieu of Barabbas, Barabbas gets away.
  My favorite biblical character, Barabbas.
  Do you choose this man, Jesus of Nazareth, or do you choose Dr.
 Emmett Brown?  Dr.
 Brown.
  The more we talk about this, the more there should have been 10 Back to the Future movies,  where they go everywhere.
  Well, we're not.
.
.
  Maybe we don't object to there being more movies.
  We object to them not being done by us.
  That's fair.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's good.
  I did just see today the headline, and I read no further.
  Mel Gibson set up to make Passion of Christ secret with original.
.
.
  I think with Kavizel back as Christ, which is.
.
.
  Kavizel is back.
  Wild.
  Again, a wild day.
  So maybe this happens in that movie.
  Maybe they're already on top of this.
  You would need Kavizel.
  Jesus traveling to the future.
  Pastor Gray.
  Pastor Gray.
  Pastor Gray.
  Finally, the Back to the Passion verse.
  All right, well, that's a pretty bold expansion of the universe.
  But later, let's get back to this one that was actually.
.
.
  Let's get back to some more dry facts.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Let's get back into God's light, where we have strayed so far from it.
  So the Omnimax screens are.
.
.
  I do have some dry facts that I wrote down.
  Well, this actually is in fact.
.
.
  Douglas Trumbull, I was watching an interview with him talking about the ride,  and he was upset that the ride was not 48 frames per second,  and he was upset that the screen was not brighter, which is up until apparently  like a month or two ago, the screen remained at this dull level of bright.
  It was not that bright.
  It's noticeable in The Simpsons.
  Simpsons didn't look great.
  This thing was not bright enough.
  Apparently, we have not been to Universal Studios out here yet,  but they have brightened the screens finally after 20 long years.
  But this was a problem that Douglas identified back then.
  He knew that this thing was not bright enough,  because when you're projecting this much up on these giant screens,  you need it to be very bright.
  Like that's what the mark of a good IMAX screen is, that it's bright and giant.
  Well, and these screen rides, you gotta replace the screen so often.
  You gotta replace the screens.
  I feel like in the past, a lot of the parks have let the screens go too long.
  They get literal holes.
  I think the future was running with creases towards the end.
  Which is the kind of thing where you can't be too sad when a ride is retired,  because you know the new ride will be improved technologically.
  You know what's the weird thing about this ride too?  The speakers are all behind the screen.
  A giant wall of speakers blasting at you.
  It is loud.
  So the screen is porous.
  There's little holes all over the screen that you can't really see.
  And in addition to Biff and Doc are talking to you inside your DeLorean.
  Is it just like stacks?  Does it look like when you see an 80s heavy metal band with stacks of speakers on top?  Yeah, it's like a cartoon fantasy of a concert.
  Like that a demonic rock devil would have.
  I bet it's something like that.
  These screens are, if you've not been on either of these rides, if that's somehow possible,  yeah they are giants.
  Seven stories.
  When you go on the Simpsons ride you hear a gasp when you actually get up to the top  of the fake roller coaster ladder that you're climbing on that Simpsons roller coaster.
  And yeah it's pretty jaw-dropping.
  And really fun how they do it, how they transition you seamlessly using smoke and fog machines.
  And then suddenly you're in it.
  I'm sure as a kid you're like, I can't believe how I had no idea this thing was gonna be this huge.
  I have some dry facts that I think are interesting.
  The drier the better, Jason.
  So both of these Anaheim, or not Anaheim, California and Florida, both were like delayed,  both like were delayed in opening.
  Like the building of both of these took so long.
  Florida costs 40 million dollars, which is the same amount as the budget for Back to the Future 2.
  California costs 60 million dollars because they had so many issues with the foundation.
  Now there's a couple things going with both of these buildings.
  One, when you're building in Orlando you are building on swampland and you have to deal with that.
  In California this building is for one built into the side of a mountain.
  It's a very odd shaped building.
  It's built like on top of this universal city, mountain.
  The other thing is when you build huge buildings in California there are rollers  underneath in the event of an earthquake to allow for the building to shift a little.
  Any skyscrapers or any buildings of a certain height, there's rollers underneath so the building  can move a few feet without the foundation just getting totally fucked.
  The California one costs 60 million, even more than the Florida one.
  They messed up the foundation.
  They started building it and the foundation was off.
  I think that's right.
  That's really crazy.
  I think we've gotten a lot of emails too and thanks for talking about this because people  have been asking when are you guys going to talk more about the foundations of these rides?  I think it's interesting.
  The potential for earthquake damage.
  It is kind of crazy that both of these theme parks thankfully survived the pretty intact  in the California earthquake of 1994.
  Pretty crazy that there wasn't, you know, how horrifying if the castle cracked apart or whatever.
  Oh god.
  Well this is a whole side note but I mean there's videos of people, I don't know why this is  a thing that happens I guess, but people have like, what does the park look like after the  apocalypse?  What does it look like after?  Oh people make that in video game simulators.
  CGI, sort of like what does it look like when no one lives on earth anymore?  Like what have done the land is taken over back by mother nature.
  Need I remind you Biff is our president.
  This is not something we should be letting our minds watch.
  Yeah because this is very possible.
  And then there are videos of Disney ripoff parks that nature has taken back.
  Yeah and there's a couple different ones.
  We should post some of these.
  There's one in Japan, there's one in China.
  Yeah and they have like Main Street that's very familiar and like a castle at the end  and it's just like plants and grass that's as tall as your head and then there's like  backpack douchebag who snuck in.
  He's like oh my god I can't believe I'm here, I'm here finally here, this is so crazy,  I can't believe it and then you're like just turn it on mute and then you watch the creepiest  image.
  Put your own soundtrack too.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  There's a great photographer too who publishes these massive photo books of abandoned places  and there are enough abandoned theme parks that he has a book of just abandoned amusement  parks and stuff.
  I think he usually gets permission because he's got a pretty.
.
.
  That's a good idea.
  We should probably do that.
  That's probably a good episode now that I'm thinking about abandoned parks.
  Well yeah someone wrote in.
  Maybe Halloween, maybe that's the spooky episode.
  There was one that was pretty much, it was not doing well.
  There was I believe it eventually had, it was a Six Flags I think when it occurred but  there was one that got hit by Katrina and it was just left to rot pretty much.
  Yes and that one, there's many videos of that and it's.
.
.
  It's terrifying.
  It could have been where Disney World was built apparently.
  That was a spot looked at as a spot.
  Oh yeah.
  Disney World could have been wiped out in Katrina.
  Jesus.
  Jesus Christ.
  Yeah I mean I don't think the local governments handled it well either supposedly.
  Someone either emailed or tweeted us about like yeah you guys should check that out because  it's a fascinating story about that park and how it was already kind of mismanaged and  then it was just pretty much just submerged.
  Left for dead.
  Can I also say that this brochure that I keep referring to in the earthquake section, I  was struck by the headline Florida's most devastating ride.
  That's a little grim.
  That earthquake thing always hit a little too close to home I'll tell you.
  Kid in that earthquake.
  Yeah you survived.
  You did survive 1994 out here.
  My own 1994 the ride.
  Okay what have we not covered in the in the in the drive.
  Let's do a little bit more of the ride itself.
  So like the video like the first part you go through the future.
  It's Hilldale in the future and there's like some fun big neon signs and I noticed  that there's a lot of their idea the future is that there are like translucent tubes connecting  buildings.
  That's a big feature of them.
  Like give me some tube bridges baby.
  I love that.
  Yeah I love that.
  There's there's another crazy thing in the in dry fact world that the okay so you're  shooting on these fisheye cameras where you have a view all directions around you where  do you put lights.
  It is impossible to light this ride because it would be in frame and sure you could today  digitally erase the lights but they didn't have they were worried they literally couldn't  find an optical printer that would allow them to do effects so that so all the lights had  to be hidden which is why when you're in that zone in the tube zone there's lights  in those tubes there's lights in the building there's lights on Biff's car so so all of  the light in this ride is on camera and it's also true in the ice section like all the  lights are behind the ice and then and in the and in the lava section as well like the  lava is being like the lava is real liquid.
  That's a bizarre thing that is being cycled right a big tank and it's being blasted with  like orange light underneath so when you when you look at this ride through you are seeing  all of the lights it is all those all on camera because they couldn't hide them.
  Yeah I remember at the the commercial for Universal Studios all I think always the dinosaur  was the last thing maybe in this one a lot of those spots yeah like that was the big  when the dinosaur like tries to eat the door or the big things presented as like a reason  to come to Universal Florida.
  Funny enough then when Jurassic Park ride was built also the big thing is the feature  is that there's a T-Rex trying to eat you.
  But a very different T-Rex.
  That started to become weird I think the ride started feeling a little weird after Jurassic  Park was open because it was so clearly not a correct T-Rex.
  The T-Rex is definitely silly in Back to the Future the ride but I like he's a he's kind  of lovable he's yes he has he's a dummy he's like a dog.
  He's a weird T-Rex but he's not he's a wacky T-Rex.
  Yeah yeah.
  Not the vicious killer that the T-Rex is on Jurassic the dignified yeah no yeah you're  right he was that one is much more killer.
  Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
  Universal responsible for one of the most canny marketing moves partnering with Nickelodeon  all of those live Nickelodeon shows that were shot in Florida would have the end card shot  on location at Universal Studios Florida with the big neon logo and sometimes footage  of like rides and stuff and I'm just thinking back to that now I was like oh that's probably  why I was always like we're doing a day at Universal right if we're doing we're going  to Florida it was just ubiquitous and Nickelodeon reigned in my mind.
  Propaganda got to me yeah and seeing at the end that at the end of every single Nickelodeon  show that it was filmed live at Universal Studios Florida.
  And one of the first times I was ever wow this seems so dumb in retrospect but I remember  you used to be able to take a walking tour of the Universal the Nickelodeon production  facilities in Orlando and at one point they had a giant room with mood lighting and behind  glass was the orange couch from SNCC the SNCC programming block and as a kid I was just  like holy cow there's the couch.
  As a kid you dreamed of napping on that couch.
  There was no couch you wanted to nap on more.
  Being a lazy dog rubbing your back on the famous SNCC couch.
  Yeah but I did not want to participate in the live show at the end where you could get  slimed I was like I don't want to get slimed these are my nice clothes I don't what will  happen what is this I'm made of I am a scared nice little boy and they they're like parents  sit on these bleachers kids sit in these bleachers and I was like what is this like.
  Where is the non-splash zone?  I a big a big thing is that I never went to the Nickelodeon studios as a child and I am  still upset about it I wish I regret it I mean it's not my fault because we we didn't  go we just didn't go so it's not my fault it's my parents fault even though I was the  biggest Nickelodeon fan.
  I was legitimately more than full as you.
  I understand why no Nickelodeon studios no alien encounter.
  This explains so much.
  These holes.
  Things I would.
  Next time at the therapist.
  I think we all just had a breakthrough.
  You know also the one cool thing about this ride being open at Universal Studios is you  ended up with a Doc Brown walk around character and he would factor into totally unrelated  things such as the opening of the I'm sorry the burial of the Nick time capsule in 1992  which is an event I know all about large to me as a child.
  All about time I've been there I went to I like I had to go like have a moment like even  you know like when I went you know five years ago I had to go stare at the spot where the  where the time capsule was buried although the time capsule has moved it moves to a Nickelodeon  themed hotel right elsewhere in Orlando.
  When is that getting open 2020?  I think it was a 50-year time capsule so I think we're talking 2042 and I remember doing  the math as a kid and thinking like how will I be alive how old will I be 112 how.
  I like that you were going to pay your respects like it was a World War II memorial.
  To me again we don't know real history but I do know where the cover of Disney adventures  with Macaulay Culkin.
  There's an original Game Boy I think in there.
  Yeah yeah that's right.
  It might be like some gak some Nickelodeon gak.
  I think my elementary school buried our own time capsule on school property inspired by  this.
  Really?  I'm just remembering now that my elementary school was demolished and they rebuilt it  right next to it so that time capsule might be under some rubble or under the current  building.
  I wonder what happened to that.
  I think when you're back home you should get the old shovel out and see if you can take  that and then sell what's ever in there for a little cab.
  I just show up right?  I don't need to tell them I'm coming they'll know why a 32-year-old man is on his elementary  school property with a shovel.
  Dark of night is what I'm saying.
  Don't do it.
  Don't let them know you're coming.
  Well you know I'm out.
  I'm out pretty early.
  That's a good point.
  Obviously.
  That's a good point.
  When night falls.
  Start of a magical coming of age story though.
  That's true.
  A man returns to the childhood the school he left behind.
  It's a Book of Henry style heartwarming tale.
  Anyway that yeah Doc Brown I think helped.
  There were a lot of Doc Brown's running around at Universal and always like didn't look like  Christopher Lloyd didn't really.
  Yeah yeah yeah it was weird.
  Even they shut down the ride and Christopher Lloyd the real Christopher Lloyd went and  like like said goodbye next to a very broad.
  Great Scott like a horrible Doc Brown impersonator.
  The thing I don't know maybe this is another episode but the thing I would like to talk  about the last thing I want to talk about is the the restaurant in front of Back to the Future  in Hollywood.
  Doc Brown's chicken.
  Fried chicken fried chicken.
  Sorry yeah.
  Yes supposedly I never ate there supposedly so delicious and widely liked that chicken.
  Well they kept the recipe crusty.
  It is now changed into Cletus's the Simpsons character Cletus has a chicken shack and it's  the same theory recipe.
  Apparently chicken was served in that spot for years before this.
  There was like it was a different restaurant.
  Mrs.
 Knott's.
  It was like a sort of a Mrs.
 Knott's style chicken restaurant or whatever.
  I'm not I should.
  Again you know it's a universal thing you go to a theme park in the middle of the summer  lunchtime comes around I want three pieces of dark meat two sides and a biscuit.
  Hot crackling oil hot crackling oils delicious chicken gravy.
  The the ride itself doc doc for some reason opening up a chicken restaurant doesn't  make any sense.
  But then what was funny or made me laugh I guess maybe it was just me was that the Simpsons  right then was open and then this lasted for a few years.
  So independent of any other Back to the Future thing just Doc Brown had a chicken restaurant  and if you came this was the first time boy were you confused why this is even here if  you didn't know that that used to be a Back to the Future right.
  Also a few like 10 20 feet away from that was the shark from Jaws with the hanging the  dead shark from Jaws hanging upside down.
  But at least you knew he died the Jaws died in the movie and you go oh yeah sure that's  what happened to Jaws after the movie you walk over to this and you're like when did  he open a chicken?  Doc Brown independent but elsewhere at City Walk you have Bubba Gumps.
  Right which make again makes sense when you're talking about the movies this one I'm saying  like Doc doesn't go because it's in the movie.
  It's in the movie.
  That's what I'm trying to say.
  Nothing canonically amazing.
  Right he doesn't have like he loves chicken or something there's not a scene where he's  like he's like we gotta make a stop and then they go to like KFC or something.
  I think I can justify this I believe that at some point with all these inventions he  probably would have gotten around to or maybe someone did it for him filing at least one  patent which was used in something that was successful so he would get you know rights  or residuals or whatever and invested it in a business because you know the restaurant  business while margins are small people do like fried chicken.
  Keep going.
  You're 10 percent of the way through this explanation I think.
  He always had a passion for the restaurant and maybe he just wanted to see what it was  like he had conquered so many inventions but he had never opened a small business restaurant.
  That concise explanation really helped me when I was in line to buy some fried chicken  at his restaurant.
  I think we're in a timeline where he as we've established we think that maybe Doc steals  inventions from other people.
  Yeah he's a bad man.
  I think he went back and stole the Colonel's recipe.
  Yes that's great.
  I think he we're in a timeline where the where Doc Brown has replaced the Colonel in terms  of pop culture because they're similar.
  Shock a white hair they dress all in white.
  That's true.
  So yeah there is no Colonel when you're inside Universal Studios there's no Colonel right  where Doc Brown has replaced him and erased him from history.
  Wow.
  I'm going to go one step further.
  Okay go ahead.
  In our new movie with Doc Brown's evil brother.
  Yeah yeah.
  Doc Brown's protege played by Don McGlover.
  Doc Brown in when he retires is is finally devoting his time to his passion project.
  Doc Brown's fried chicken which is next to the.
  So that makes it so so your pitch for the movie is that he's done with time travel and  he's just all about chicken now.
  Well I think that's when when Gray comes back is at the retirement ceremony or party for  Doc Brown Pastor Gray blows up the chicken restaurant and that's his big entrance.
  That's his big thatos like entrance.
  Well they blew up the chicken man in Hilldale last night.
  But he would but he would have had to do it with some with a like an old-fashioned bomb  no electronics involved in that bomb.
  No we're talking a big circular black sphere with a long fuse coming out of it.
  If this is in the same Universal world where as Snidely Whiplash perhaps he could have  borrowed it from from Snidely Whiplash.
  Yeah or maybe one of the dastardly villains from a million ways to die in the west.
  I'll be honest this is sounding less fun to me now by the end.
  The movie?  Oh come on properties interacting with a DeLorean at the center it's a ready player one.
  We're all we're together pitching ready player one two.
  Okay fine here let me throw some in so I'm so I like it again.
  The Lockhards, the comic strip Love Is and then Andy Cap is also involved.
  Oh great oh finally closure.
  Those characters are all in and I'm back.
  If they can they all well they all of them together could fit into an eight person DeLorean.
  That's true yeah.
  That's how you get them all you collect them through whatever time and places they're all in.
  I feel like we may have missed massive swaths of what the actual ride is.
  We talked about the ride a lot less than everything else.
  Yeah but I don't know if you're listening to this you probably you know if you want to just watch  the ride you could do that but if you want to hear a lot of tangents mixed with dry facts that's what  you come to podcast the ride for and I think we delivered.
  Oh yeah for sure.
  So that being said well do we do do we review this as a is it a keep it as is?  Burn it to the ground for insurance money even though it is gone if it were still there do is  there anything that we would want to change or improve?  Yeah I would we can do that.
  I'm gonna go first.
  If it were 2018 and this ride was open right now what would I want to do to it?  Would it be keep it perfectly as is?  Would I want to plus it up or I want to demolish it?  I'm gonna say demolish it.
  I'm gonna say knock it down.
  Because here's why here's why because the ride is a classic it's great I love it but I think it's  too outdated and I think then the ride system sort of holds it back because if they were going to  truly plus it up to the point of making it a new Back to the Future they'd have to make a big CGI  Back to the Future video that's because they're not going to do it the old way they're not going  to make practical model stuff so.
  It sounds like such a pain in the ass.
  Much a pain in the ass there's no way they would do it even in my blue sky I won't even  consider it in a blue sky fantasy.
  Sorry Doug Trumbull we're doing it different this time.
  Yeah it would be CGI and that would be a lot less fun and sort of not in the spirit of  the original movies I feel so I just I think this is the first time I've ever said this about any  ride I think demolish it again if I have to do something and then build a totally new Back to  the Future.
  I don't think I think that's possible still especially when we're talking about maybe a third  park in Universal in Florida this is something that's still obviously culturally very relevant  and there's somebody put some sort of I don't know if this was just sort of fan art but somebody put  some some idea for a Back to the Future coaster a newer one and they're like a DeLorean sort of  a car and then you know you load into it and two and there would be show scenes so like I feel  I feel like demolish the thing and then build a new Back to the Future ride.
  Using technology using Harry Potter level technology top of the line boy that would be.
  Show scenes going back to the going to the future because because to actually go to that fake future  and I mean I guess you could maybe push it to like 2030 or something so it's not such a weird thing  that we're going three years in the past.
  Going backwards yes.
  That wouldn't really make sense.
  But yeah yeah retcon it so it's like a 30 year everything's 30 years difference.
  One of my thoughts is if I want to see some of those characters that I love so much.
  Yes.
  That like in the way that you in The Simpsons ride you're like narrowly avoiding some of your  favorite Simpsons characters so I want to see Fujitsu-san, Mario's mean boss in the future.
  I want to see Marlene McFly.
  Yes.
  On a shopping excursion you know.
  Goldie Wilson.
  Yeah yeah yeah what's Mayor and his son who does hover conversions.
  He's around.
  I want to and I most of all I want to see Needles.
  We all want to see Needles.
  When you said I want to see characters Needles first Needles is the first name that popped into  my head.
  Please character who convinces Marty to do some confusing deal via facts in the future.
  This bizarre god why is that scene so I don't know why in my head for it's so strange you don't  really know what he's talking about the gits will never find out what what is the plan.
  You also don't find out what Marty Junior's plan is with Griff.
  He's pulling some scheme and they never tell you what that is.
  Yeah.
  Is it a drug deal?  Right.
  What why are the McFly's getting into such nefarious shit.
  Right they're like yeah it seems like they're all like shitty they all get shitty later but  like to be able to go into a dark ride into that living room.
  And watch the McFly's have dinner.
  Oh my if it looked like the that last scene in Carousel of Progress.
  Oh it's a lot like that yeah.
  Bizarro future.
  Bizarro future.
  Gramps is around.
  You almost knock over George McFly and his upside down back correcting machine.
  I mean that's what else do you want.
  Scott you're saying plus it up to demolish it and then build something new too.
  I suppose I would say that and I and I but I have I have one other pitch for this for what I  what I want to see happen in a new iteration of the ride.
  You know so just to tie it all up you know in the end you bump Biff.
  You take him back to the the present day and what happens there he's sort of taken away  by some suited guards at the Institute of Future Technology.
  I don't think he's thoroughly punished enough for his deeds his evil deeds through time.
  And and what's more I don't think we're punishing the right Biff because yeah he's just going on a  joy ride or whatever but he's some punk kid you know just crashing into stuff you know.
  I think you want to bring justice to the ultimate most villainous Biff which is the Biff who is in  control of the alternate 1985 future.
 The Biff who's the mayor the Biff who's taken over the  town with horrible casinos who's all powerful and does all this awful stuff.
  So I say in the end we go deep into that alternate future and we track down that Biff.
  The the bloated Biff with the shitty out-of-date hair.
  He looks awful he's a horrible despotic leader and maybe we find out a little bit more about  him like you know he that he rose to power you know by on this wave of angry populism in hill  valley he started accusing Mayor Goldie Wilson of not being born in America.
  You know you find out that his one of his gang members like the Billy Zane guy was meeting with  the Russian government and that's how he was elected mayor and he didn't even want to be mayor  he just wanted like a contract to build a Biff Tannen's pleasure palace in Moscow.
  You know just kind of flesh out Biff being in charge and what that means.
  He wants to kick Syrians out of hill valley even though it was the Libyans who were up to the  plutonium hijinks.
 So we're gonna find I want to find that Biff maybe find him when he's like  I don't know give or take 71 years old something like that let's find that Biff let's pin him up  against the wall of his own casino and let's just ram that DeLorean into him over and over again.
  Let him drop to the ground run over his head a couple of times this Biff I just I don't know  something about that 71 year old horrible Biff who rules over this terrible future where everyone's  angry at each other I want to see that Biff come to justice.
 I think this is a good idea  obviously like it's very unbelievable but that's what's fun about fantasy  but I like the idea that it's a nice fun family adventure and then the last part of it is just  the grossest most gruesome thing full of you murdering a man.
 Yeah yeah just squishing his  bloated head.
 Again it's fantasy no one would want to see that happen.
 It's blue sky here.
  You never want to see that happen to anyone in our real world.
 Yeah if now if a character  like you were describing existed absolutely yeah we would all pay top dollar to see a car.
 Imagine  if a guy who looks like Biff Tannen if you had to like watch his shitty bloated face on tv every  day and listen every blather out of his mouth I don't know I want to I want to I want to take I  want to I want to crush that skull and throw the remains into the Mr Fusion and ride off into the  sunset.
 I think that's great too.
 So that's it's a little grim but that's my idea of where to take  the new back to the future of the ride.
 Unfortunately our real world is much more bleak and  I would say my big thing is you know I said her at the top I think this ride is is one of the  ones I would call a classic so were it still around this I'm going to go the the middle  route of just keep it as is but if if again it was still around I say fresh coat of paint on  everything yeah they should have brightened that that screen brighten the projectors years ago  probably replace the projectors replace the screen and and just like gussy it up in the  same way that Disney kind of gussied up some of some of the Fantasyland rides for the recent  what was it 60th anniversary just just made made everything look a little more pretty because I  think this yeah I think there's still a huge fandom for this attraction as we've seen as  talked about ourselves and yeah and there's also not that much back to the future stuff  like we said so it was always nice you know why that ride was still open when I worked there when  I was a tour guide at Universal and hearing the hearing that score and hearing the sweet swell of  Huey Lewis in the news it was right outside of our break room so I'd sit out on the patio if a tour  went well then I get to come back chill out have some baked leis and listen to Huey Lewis loop over  and over again did you get positive feelings did you eat at doc brown did you get like an employee  discount at doc browns yeah I would like specifically make the doc browns a trip not free  or anything right uh yeah but I'd take the time what was your order at doc browns uh I think we're  just talking basic uh basic leg and thigh I think I think I liked the I think I preferred the dark  and uh real good fries it kind of got like shittier as it went on a little more like  sodium heavy you could tell like they were letting that recipe lapse uh but uh you know as they do  with rides they uh yeah things deteriorate um but you know what uh that's uh that's what that's what  I I we'll have to go check out Cletus and see yeah we'll see how it's doing under new ownership  well you guys uh we've really done it today uh we've gone the distance again truly we we thought  we were we were gonna try to keep it we were trying to keep it short we didn't no uh we went  very long uh but this is back to the future and it deserves it so yeah uh uh yeah split it we  didn't want to well we we had the choice really of splitting it in two as they as the filmmakers did  in making parts two and three and we chose to make it one mega uh one mega episode yeah um but  uh I don't know but it will revisit it in editing and uh split it yeah um but scott you were about  to say they've survived podcast the ride that's correct yeah but you know what I think you covered  it uh all right yeah I'll still take the fun hey in this case you truly survived podcast the ride  you survived a uh an epic adventure through time uh I feel like I expended 21 kilo jill watts of  energy sticking the landing on the way out yeah yeah yeah uh we always yeah we never we don't  sputter to a stop we hit the landing hard we need to bump this landing let's let's bump it  you survived podcast the ride please follow us on twitter and on instagram and anything else that  you guys would want any listeners to do and email us at uh podcast the ride at gmail.
com  uh and rate and review on itunes yeah tell tell tell five friends yeah tell us into a pyramid  scheme of some kind where these it's these three guys and they talk for two hours and 45 minutes  uh and and some of that content is about the rides that the episode is named after you know what an  omni-theater is do you like listening to three men who at best could be described as late bloomers  talk for a while then you will enjoy this show uh thank you for listening yeah hey  and the future is what you make of it