 Warning, today's podcast clocks in at more than two hours and it's about a parking garage.
  It's the Mickey and Friends parking structure with Nick Weiger on Podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to podcast the ride a theme park podcast hosted by three members of an unsuccessful barbershop quartet  Joining me as always Jason Sheridan.
 Hi and Scott Gardner.
 Hey, that's right  And that that real mean diss was written by our guests today  You know him as a writer from comedy bang bang and at midnight and from the podcast doughboys ladies and gentlemen, it's Nick Weiger  Friends, that's why I'm known as the successor to the roast master general  When Jeff Ross hangs it up, I'll be assuming his mantle wearing his  General leasimo outfit whatever whatever.
 Yeah, he's got angley custom.
 Yeah  Yeah, you'll eventually grow to be able to fit into it perfectly  After the race after after the war a real a real thrill to be here guys really really enjoying here  Thanks so much, yeah, I don't know why we had you on  second of your we've had Mitch on right already and I don't know why we didn't have the like  informed person with a lot of  Theme park opinions.
 I don't know why you weren't first.
 Yeah.
 Well, I think you really though  Like I understood that you wanted to hear from Mitch on the episode.
 He was on  discussing  Disney world in Florida versus Disneyland out here in California.
 I understand you wanted to get his trenchant insights like  Disneyland's bad  Disney world so much better.
 So he pointed out that Disneyland is small.
 Yeah  There's more of it  we've also like  Like like we've we've all talked about  Theme park issues with you guys and you bring up writing park stuff on this on the show sometimes and I feel like you're your  opinions kind of I  don't know they they fall in line with how you guys are on the show where Mitch is this like a  kind of  populist  Distrusting immediately like he hates IP  Right in with him hating the new but the IP if the IP was when he was a kid, it's fine  That's what yeah  As to fall within that sweet spot of like having come having come out between like 1980 and like  1997 and if like it's in that range if it's in the those two the final two decades of the 20th century  It's good  Outside of that.
 It's bad  Yeah, I don't know like like and I don't want to just turn this into a proxy, you know sort of  Doughboy spat without my co-host here, but I do I do think that I do think that it's  It's interesting the resistance I get it but but some I noticed there's some sort of some resistance towards you know  the big one I feel like recently is  Tower of terror retrofitting that tower terror terror out here in LA retrofitting that as the Guardians of the Galaxy ride  and you know I get some hostility towards that because you have like this want this version that  exists that you're familiar with and  Then it gets replaced by this thing that was just like basically because it was a popular movie that came out in the past  ten years  But I mean, I think like if you actually take it on its merits the Guardians of the Galaxy, right is good, right?  Like it's really fun.
 It is a good ride really well received that animatronic is yeah one of the best animatronics in a long time  It's really good  And then Mitch just hates it without ever having been on it  Like he just he says it's bad and then if someone else has like written it and says it's bad  He's like they're right and if someone's like that's actually pretty good  He's like what are you talking about like it's it's maddening to have a discussion with them  Well, that's a weird one because like Tony longtime  Imagineer Tony Baxter who like helped build both tower of terrors is like yeah the the California adventure one was  Okay, but he was like totally fine with them redoing it because it's missing like the main  Well, I was gonna say and funny enough  We're pretty sure we we met him right after he rode the Guardians of the Galaxy ride for the first time  Yes, right Wow all three of us all three of us.
 This is before the podcast  This is like this is early last year  We were walking between Disneyland and Disney were excuse me just California Adventure  And we saw Tony Baxter and I was looking at my phone and Scott goes.
 Oh my god  It's Tony Baxter which most mild mannered you can you can all kind of our code when we all met like oh  We're all theme park fans apparently you know so and you start talking about Tony Baxter right away  He's one of the like code with that's like one of your ways in if you really end it  He's like he got it star tours.
 He did Indiana Jones.
 He did figment in Florida  Okay, he's done it so my Disney in Paris on her mountain big Thunder Mountain like this is a major heavyweight in the Imagineering  Akinda maybe this probably isn't perfect, but a kind of like a Steven Spielberg  It's kind of like oh this guy's had this degree of influence on his field.
 Yeah, I mean  Yeah  Similar to that Mike that you would like recognize it a deep comic book artist on site  Which a lot of people who've even read his work wouldn't like know what he looks like we know the iconic right only Baxter mustache  Yeah, so he had just ridden the ride  And we were walking me like oh excuse me  We're big fans of you and he like he's like well  Did you did you ride it and he pointed at the point of it and I was like yeah  And he's like give it the big thumbs up oh there you go and like not and obviously he wasn't gonna be like oh  Fucking IP man like right in rocket raccoon right still  Was my opinion to because the version in Florida is a little taller  But also there's a sequence in Florida that they never replicated anywhere else where the elevator leaves the elevator shaft and pushes forward  It's unbelievable through a giant recreation of the Twilight Zone opening credits.
 Oh my god  Cool.
 Yeah, and such a letdown when you go on this one, and it doesn't have that yeah  Oh, I didn't even know about that.
 Yeah, it was taller  It's not is it taller.
 Maybe a little bit  It'll talk to you and the whole line is you walk up and there's a whole like there's all this like greens like shrubs  And like it's really sets the mood very well  And now like at the end to like there's a there's a show scene at the end when you come down  And there's like the puppet from Twilight Zone at the end and like there's a whole little room as you're like pulling back  That's not in this version.
 This one just like pops you in gets you up and down and it sucks compared comparatively  It's still a good fun ride that I write but it's when you're like comparing it to that.
 Geez.
 This is that's crazy  This is the hill that Mitch is dying  Lesser did even like the Twilight Zone the Tower of Terror to begin with or is it just the idea the awful notion that the new  Guardians because they are new that they're in the theme park.
 Well, that's what it is  Like no one cares about these characters and then like some people say that a message boards too when it's like that the numbers  Really tell you otherwise.
 Yeah, it's not true at all.
 These are very popular kids like these movies a lot  Well, I'm like Florida there, you know, yeah, they're taking these characters  Nobody cares about and and you know get kicking out, you know, Ellen and Bill Nye  Yeah, I don't know it's it's an odd I yeah, I'm off I  There's a lot of I don't I don't even like Marvel movies  I'm not even sure where I land on the new Star Wars movies, but like in the parks all bets are off  Yeah, we're all pretty  Yeah, we're all pretty progressive when it comes to like changes right park.
 I feel like you know, we're we're not conservative  We're not stodgy conservatives  well for me it's like and I appreciate that perspective because you guys very easily could be you know cranks and it would still sort of  I mean, there's a world where you guys are theme park cranks and you don't want anything to change  But I think like  For me the big the big factor in towards what Scott was saying because I'm not someone who sees every Marvel movie and the  Ones I see are generally like like, you know, check out Ant-Man and like alright, you know  Yeah, that got the job done.
 Like I don't I don't have like a I'm not I'm gonna say static  Reaction to seeing Thanos or whatever like I don't care that much  But I understand these movies are you know important to some people and I also  For me the big proof of concept for this sort of theming can result in a great  Park attraction is Cars Land.
 Yes my favorites and the Cars movies are not great like they're fine  I think I don't think I'd go any higher than fine  Would you go all the way into like bad terrible? Are you mad at him? No, they don't suck  They're just like they're but you know, I'm not gonna go full lights camera Jackson and say that's Pixar at its best  There they're fine they're probably  Towards the the the low end of Pixar's output.
 They're like they're not that great.
 They're not the good dinosaur, but they're not great  Not so they open the land yeah, the good dinosaur land could be fine.
 Yeah.
 Yeah  Yeah, so so yeah, I mean like you put more Marvel shit in this the park  I don't care if that's what triggers great new attractions  And I agree I think I think you'd be really impressed to find somebody who doesn't like Cars Land that right?  It's an incredible addition and  Yes, just some of the most the best like immersive theming and rock work and gives you that route 66 vibe  And yeah, you can like a vibe from a movie without liking the sure.
 Yeah, absolutely  Yeah, the aesthetic is great for a theme park.
 It just really really works  Well for something that you're going to inhabit  I had one thing on Tower Tower of Terror real quick the the because I've only been on the LA version now  I'm very excited to try the Florida version to see this this extra  Leg that Jason mentioned, but so do they do they still in its most recent?  Because I can't remember the last time I wrote it before it got converted  They still have a moment where like a bellhop would give a little orientation in the lobby  They sort of like a lobby or there was a point where a bellhop would sort of give a little speech of like  You know like welcome to the Tower of Terror  This is a this is a tower of mystery and grandeur where any like there was like a little live-action  Huh, I don't I don't recall that this so maybe this was something because I this this would have been early a visit  In the very early 2000s, right observe this but I think they they later took it out  Because it was a moment.
 I remember that really took me out of the Disney  Experience because the performer was so awful  Like it was this woman who was had been cast as a bellhop and she was supposed to talk about this spooky corridor  Where you know?  Whatever where the rules of science do not apply and where you might meet an untimely end  but she's delivering it like like  This is the Tower of Terror  That's really tipping a lot of what's about to happen  And she was really like it was just it was just the worst like most stilted delivery to the point where I was like  How did you get this job? Like why are you here?  Why aren't you a cashier over at the like next to the a bugs life like stage show?  Like why is why is this your job in Disney parks? Yeah.
 Yeah, that's very odd because the cast member interaction  I associate with Tower of Terror is like once they make sure you're buckled in and the door is closing  Like the I think they kind of give them the freedom to have some fun with it  Oh, like sometimes they'll go like your rooms are ready sleep  well  or like some people some people get really in character other people would just be like enjoy your stay, you know, like  And and not really do a big thing about it  But the ones who are really into it like really would go into it like Haunted Mansion  It's a good area.
 Yeah fun and get somebody with a lot of personality  How do you end up with this flat person but you get a lot of duds  Yeah, you do get a lot of duds on Haunted Mansion  You get a lot of duds at Tower of Terror where people just kind of brush  I mean this sounds like it's just like she was reaching and didn't get it  Yeah, she yeah, she was she was trying but she didn't have the chops to pull it off.
 Yeah.
 Yeah the the other thing the  Speaking of the the bellhop who has a little bit of creative liberty the last time I rode the actual Tower of Terror  As with my wife and  the  So like you finish the ride and the doors open at the end and our bellhop attendant had like was crouched down  And then so when the doors opened he jumped up and went ah and gave us like an extra scare and everyone loved it  That's great.
 Yeah  I've had that happen.
 I think once and yes, it's delightful  It's great when you get because I do think at these parks you get  Like there's an extra you can get an extra bit of magic by the cast member doing something fun and like that  There was a time when the stormtrooper I'll never forget.
 It was a guy dressed as a stormtrooper  I felt like a guy grabbed my arm aggressively.
 I turned around  It was a stormtrooper in line of star tours Wow  and then like there was a kid there and he was trying to cut the line and he like  Booted the kid like softly with his foot to get him out of like out of the line  I it's we all like we're delight would delight it.
 It's crazy how that does that is such a big deal  Right having like a college student try a little bit  That sort of  Well, like that's that is a big big deal.
 And yeah, you can really it can really bring it down when there's not doing it  There's this great in thing.
 I recommend to anybody going to Las Vegas where there's a there's in the M&M store on the strip  There is a 3d movie that was made only for that specific location with the like the the  90s  CGI  Red and yellow the I don't know.
 I never met the guy.
 All right does exist  From the Christmas ads but they let you there's a little like adventure of them in Las Vegas in a 3d movie and the the in  to get into it is like a you're in an M&M's laboratory and  At the beginning a really nonplussed high school student in an ill-fitting lab coats  It's like welcome to the M&M's laboratory.
 I am the professor  I've been twice now here at least but the two is that extra or is that free? That's just free  Strip especially.
 Oh my god.
 Oh man get a couple drinks and wander into the M&M's  3d movie it's like packed every time but I still feel like I was shocked when I ran into what do you mean?  There's a 3d movie up here and then like, you know bad stilted interaction with like red  What are you doing red get out of there red? It's it's it's something else  So he's acting against the pre-recorded film for a little bit  There's some like machine that they get sucked into and then you move into their adventure like oh  I think I think I think one of them loses their M and that's the plot  And then but then the solution at the end ends up being all the minis who all like form giant objects together  I'll have the fish and finding Nemo like they all work as nanobots  And rescue the M from some scary factory check it out  Three years we're just gonna dissect the M&M  Well, that's well we should talk a little more about your theme park history you're right now your Southern, California native  What'd you what'd you like growing up? Yeah, so from Lakewood, California  Which is a suburb of Long Beach, California a little better known and that's the city in which I went to middle school in high school  And we had the the orchestras and bands I played in at school  Charles Evans Hughes middle school in Long Beach and Long Beach Polytechnic High School would sometimes make  trips to Disneyland to play in the  What is it? What is that? The the  Carnation Plaza, is that what it's called?  Is that now become part of this little fantasy land  Is that what they call that now  But are like kind of outside the cast  Yeah, it used to be associated with the Carnation company and and you would go would be near where they they sell the ice cream and we  do a little orchestra show or  When I was in marching band boy, you know what?  I guess I don't remember ever actually marching but we must have what at why else would we be there?  So we must have done we must have been involved in a parade in some capacity  but so like yeah, I made a lot of outside of just just going a lot with my  Family because we were close by and it you know, it was like a 25 minute drive and it was it was  You know probably about an annual thing  I probably I'd go an additional time most years just for some band trip and we'd also go to  Six Flags Magic Mountain, but that was usually just like a fun thing a fun activity for the band  So big yeah, right, but I but pretty early on, you know, like it at age 12  I was in the backstage and I was seeing you know  I remember seeing Merlin smoking a cigarette and I was just like wow, this is really  This is crazy to see behind the scenes at Disneyland at an age where I'm young enough where I don't you know, I  Understand that this is like a show but I'm also like not quite an adult where I you know  Fully grasp until I see it that oh, these are just people kind of doing a job, you know  Yeah, sure.
 Um, and yeah, I mean and so it's so a lot of trips there.
 I was very very like you guys  I was very scared of  Unlike you guys I grew out of it  Yeah, I also grew out of it at some point and I will pretty much ride anything all right  Standing up thing because I've ridden some standing up roller coasters and they are not made for men of a five one  They either hurt my shoulders or my dick  But it's a yeah, I do remember I went to Disney World when I was a kid kind of all over the place here  But when I was like even though we went to Disneyland a lot  We got we did take a family trip to Disney World when when I was eight where I remember crying on  Their big thunder mountain equivalent they have a big thunder mountain there, right?  Yeah, big thunder.
 Yeah, yeah that we're crying on their big thunder and that that kind of scared me off of thrill rides for a bit  And then I got back on that horse eventually I think due to peer pressure  Yeah at Six Flags Magic Mountain some classmates cajoling me got me to ride Colossus a wooden coaster there  At age 11 or 12 and from that point on I've enjoyed the role.
 I've enjoyed the coasters.
 Mm-hmm  and then a lot of time spent at  Probably the the the amusement park I've been to the most it might honestly be Disneyland at this point  But but at some point in my life, I just racked up so many trips to Wild Rivers, which is now closed theme park  Raging Waters is the other big Southern California water park  And that was the one that's in Bill and Ted's excellent adventure.
 They go down the slide with Napoleon  that's the one in San Dimas, California and  But Wild Rivers was like the one in Irvine and I went did you ever go there Scott? No, I do not  I'm trying to think that's where is that where the Irvine Meadows is? Yeah.
 Yeah, and there was also like a safari park  Yeah, there was yeah that that there was there weren't I don't know if they were of the same ownership  But it was the same general area and so I went there a lot for just one just day camps like Cub Scout day camp or just  Like, you know  Whatever those those camps are that they that parents drop off their kids during the summer just so they don't have to take care  Of them  I was in like I was in those like constantly like school would end and then it was like in a day camp for the entire summer  Just to get out of my parents way.
 I guess actually they were probably working is what it was  They were they had jobs to go to and this was a functional daycare  But not always at Wild Rivers not always at Wild Rivers, but it was like a very frequent trip like oh we're taking this  This is a cheap, you know, whatever like it costs eight dollars per kid to get him in  And I remember we'd pack lunches to go there  We'd have a sack lunch that we'd eat and then we just ride we just go on water slides all day  So you didn't there wasn't some educational onus you know, you could just run around.
 No.
 Yeah, pretty much  I mean, I remember being hurted a little bit  But beyond that it was just a way to keep kids occupied for you know, you know six to eight hours  Everybody in the in the the unified shirts.
 Were you all some like some particular monkey?  We must have been yeah, we must have been we must have had whatever that camp shirt what what the hell  I can't even remember the name of the camp down  But yeah, we must have we must have had something like that  and  Yeah, honestly, like I don't remember that this is a this is a little bit of a of a tangent  But you know something of a doughy kid  But I don't remember there being a big shirt on swimming contingent at that point  There was still like I because I do remember being shirtless there and feeling a little embarrassed  But yeah, that's tough.
 Right you said like wait or like middle school.
 This was younger than that  This was this was this was as a preteen  This is when we went to Wild Rivers, but I had a weird that this is a thing  I'm just remembering I told for whatever reason I guess I thought it would be a funny story to tell my parents  But I made up a baseless lie about this kid Matt  There's this ride at Wild Rivers called the Python which is this this like kind of crazy  waterslide  wasn't I think the craziest one was a Cobra and the Python was like the Cobra jr and  So I told my parents that this kid Matt  like he loved the Python and he wouldn't stop writing the Python and  All day he'd ride the Python and then just run back up the stairs and write it again on a continuous loop and  They thought it was so funny, I think they told Matt's parents about it  And then I thought back on it was like why did I come up with that?  And why did that why would that resonate as like a good story? I have no idea when this began  I was worried you were gonna say that Matt was a lifeguard or something who touched you inappropriate  No, it wasn't even that was the thing it was like a total white lie  It was just like why like this is a harmless thing  But also completely untrue like why did I say maybe there was an element of truth  Maybe he said it was his favorite ride at some point and exaggerated.
 I don't even remember it  But yeah, it's weird.
 My actual childhood was just doing that for real  Like that was the reality my parents lived right there was some  Right.
 I can't remember what it was now, but I just remember there was one night if it was  If it was a waterslide connected to like a big  Themed hotel pool or if it was something in it would have had to have been something in Florida where my brother and I would just  Get off and our parents were just like, you know on a bench close by or something  Because they didn't really want to ride it or they had written it enough and we would just do the like we're going again  and just go again  because every now and then like  The Florida parks like if you stay at the Disney hotels like hotel guests get an extra  Either hour or so in the morning or hour and so at night.
 That's amazing and then it's like  Really empty like the whole park, right?  And I'm sure it was something like that and I can't remember what it was now  I yeah, I stayed at the the Disneyland hotel and they have this really cool  Waterside that's like kind of looks like the old-school monorail  Setup, but with a waterslide inside it and I I did it over and over you could not get me out of there  But then I had to go because my wife said we had to go because the wedding we were going to was in  20 minutes.
 This was five years ago and I was at the wedding with very wet hair  I don't know why I didn't then use a hair dryer to fix this right? She's still mad about that one  I used to David love for  Such a slobber your wedding  I did that same thing two years ago did not have a wedding to go to did not it just  Throw that slide a bunch because no one else was there lucky you have adults  Three of us all have I have a still my I  We there was it was very late at the park and I was there with my mom and sister and they were gonna let us  Ride start tours because no one was in line and they were gonna just let us do it  My sister got sick like on the second time and I was so mad at her because we had to get off like so  Like I think there's something common here that we would all ride these things for infinity  We would all we were worried your story about about the Python we would all we're all guys that would ride the Python forever  Yeah, it's plausible that that that's like it's like I didn't it didn't even need to be made up because I probably there  Probably just another kid.
 I could have just said that about I don't know  I don't know where it came from it also  Integra people have been listening to this podcast a little bit a big common thing seems to be trying to break the record on  these rides  I did this 18 times I  Yeah, my friend Perry was touting his Dudley do right rip saw falls record I couldn't tell you the accuracy  They probably tell kids every day.
 You just broke the record  The records are not being kept right so and if it's next to water, it's impossible to keep the records  so  Well, I mean my my favorite like family story of like redoing stuff a bunch and I may have told I can't remember  I told this before on the show  I do want to make my dad call in and tell it because he tells it a very long a longer version a very funny way  There used to be like this  Immersive comedy club in Pleasure Island in Florida  Which was like a district of nightclubs Disney had in the early to mid 90s  And there was a place called the adventurers club, okay, which was like themed to a  Early 20th century like explorers club and rice there was loosely scripted  Mostly improvised like should there be a different show in the library and then in the study and then in the bar and there was  a giant animatronic  like totem that would talk to people and there was a night where I made my dad get up and  Do the bit with the totem because they gave you a pin they gave you an adventure club pin that you couldn't buy and I'm like  You gotta get me that  But then we came out like as it was closing and it wasn't a place I could go to alone like because it's an it was  Like at a certain point they're like you have to have a parent with you here  It is a nightclub district and we came out and there was like an electrical storm going  And the bus stopped back to the hotel was like two and a half blocks away.
 Oh, yeah  So we're running through like thunderstorms is like terrifying like they is going above us and just like walking  Walk back into the hotel and they're just laughing at us in the lobby  I like the people working the front desk that pin is a potential conductor of lightning.
 Yes  You have it still yeah, absolutely.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah wonderful bring it on the show  Yeah refer to it for being yeah, I clink it around on the mic the the summer that reminds me the summer  We went to Disney World  My family went to was Disney World and it was just like I had never really I mean it rains out at Disneyland  But it's not like I guess as common as it is in Florida  And so there was like a torrential downpour and so we had we basically were in a situation where we had to get  Ponchos and I remember I was very excited to get a  Dick Tracy rain slicker  It is famous.
 There was one.
 Yeah, the Warren Beatty Dick Tracy movie was in theaters and  It was like a you know, like like his like his famous yellow raincoat  except it was in poncho form and then it had Dick Tracy written on the back and his silhouette and  I was so excited to wear it and I wore it like, you know  The for the all the rain that was going on and then when it was back to school time  I still had this Dick Tracy poncho, but it was like Dick Tracy wasn't cool anymore  And so I remember wearing this Dick Tracy poncho while it was raining but just leaning  Against a tree so no one would see the Dick Tracy logo on the back  They just thought I was wearing a plain yellow poncho.
 It's like a giant logo with him looking at the watch.
 Yeah  There would have been there would have been a pretty tiny window and Dick Tracy was cool  Yeah, yeah, no cuz I remember when the McDonald's promotion was going on that was fun that was fun  Yeah, and but that was it.
 I once the McDonald's promotion was over.
 I feel like no one cared any  That was either the first or second movie.
 I saw in theaters Wow trace it really no one which is kind of horrific  So there's some weird stuff in that movie lips manless getting the bath is so yeah  they have so they this this guy and they've all got grotesque makeup, which is horrifying in and of itself, but  Lips manless is killed very early on and the way they kill him is he's like he's very scared  He's like not the bath big boy.
 Not the bat  Like he's like very afraid of dying and then they just cover him with cement  This is what's called the bath.
 I like they put him in a crate and they cover him with cement  Alive and then they throw him into a river and it's just like very early on in the in the movie and it's super grim  It's like something that would be in like, you know, Donnie Brosco.
 It's just it's it's very I'm pretty sure I then like  Made my action figures take the bath  Incorporated that into my child like fun play with play dough with like play dough or sand or something  So Nick, yes, we're doing theme parks like we're two were three guys who when we were kids we were like  Dreaming of them.
 Did you have like kind of an obsession with them?  Or was it just some fun thing you did once in a while? I would say more towards the ladder  It wasn't a thing I was thinking about all the time.
 I certainly had some some great  Memories and some great days spent there  But maybe because I went with some frequency that the man I got kind of got numb to the magic a little bit  Right.
 It wasn't a thing.
 I was I was constantly daydreaming about  Right.
 So just a regular  Attachments a regular kid.
 I think I was more I was more interested in video games and sure then than than theme parks  That's by the way the normal reaction  Human reaction to be like, oh that's fun to go to once in a while  As opposed to me or you guys who would see the stock report come in and there was a picture of all the balloons on  Main Street and I used to just sit there dreaming about owning a bunch of balloons  Like those did the Mickey year balloons like it's so vivid in my mind of like wow, they're all the different colors  Will I get to see Disney afternoon Avenue a second time while it's open?  Yeah, yeah god pretty pretty fixed.
 What do I what's your what's your deal these days? Do you do it often?  Yeah, I mean I went to Disneyland last year  With some co-workers after a job that it ended and that was kind of just like a fun work thing  But you know, I definitely like the adult theme park experience.
 I think adult theme park experience has gotten better  Especially I think with there's more  There are more grown-up beverages, you know, like there's more like nice places to get a drink  Not just like cheap beer if you if you're into alcohol and and also I feel like  I  Don't know.
 I feel like this is just because the attractions have gotten better.
 It's like you can still you like  Like the you know, you can still have the nostalgic appreciation for the these old ones that you went to as a kid  You're Pirates of the Caribbean's and your Matterhorns and what-have-you but like that like the new attractions coming in and being sleeker  It's like it's something that you can go and still be kind of impressed by  You know, you don't have to just be a kid to be wowed by something  You still can kind of like we're talking about with Guardians of the Galaxy  You still see this these the new tech that's being shown off there and be like, oh, this is pretty cool  That's a lot of it for me and why I don't really care what the IP or characters like it like matter what it's a display  Of some insane often like military grade technology that when would you like?  Why would you get to experience this? Yeah as a civilian that's that's kind of like that sort of true throughout, right?  Like I mean certainly like flight simulators comes from the that came out of military technology  Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, like some area 51 right our tours probably out of simulator technology  It's just like the same.
 It's just like simulating and then of course mission space in Epcot  Which is literally simulating going into space, which is why it killed a couple people  Going into space is very hard on your body.
 That's not a thing you should be doing  You should not eat a cinnamon roll underneath  Drink a big sugary coffee drink and then experience a few G forces not spaceship Earth mission space  No, no, I said you're eating.
 Oh, I see.
 I see beforehand you get right  I thought you were saying that your experience on spaceship Bruce was it was so intense  That it was too much for you  I had a pre and post I had one beforehand to ready myself and then one to reward myself for doing  Quick sign.
 Oh, you can take food and drink on spaceship Earth because I did it last time I was there  That's crazy  Like I had like a bag of something like nuts and like a water and no one stopped me  So you could like throw a big beer on to the Steve Jobs esque figure  Yes in his garage.
 Yeah, you could ruin the Sistine Chapel  Oh  It helps it with ice really  Easy, so well so of everything of everything in the theme park world  You sent us a list of stuff to talk about and few options  Yeah, we went through it and considered it and of all the things for some reason we landed on we really wanted to talk about  The Mickey and Friends parking structure.
 I love it at the very least because it's a very funny episode  Like I can only like I'm just imagining people's reactions of looking at their phone on a Friday morning  I was like, oh, there's a new app.
 What the hell?  This boring man wants to discuss a boring topic I guess that's on brand the ball road carpool  Yeah, it's it's pretty elemental  Yeah, when I been thinking about in the last couple days was this  Was it was it kind of a dare or was it or do you do you do you have a lot of stuff to  Say about the Mickey honestly, like I'm not sure how much I have to say like I mean  I think we could probably find it did you know discuss anything at like this this podcast is all about you know, yeah  Yeah mining minutiae  Stringing that thread.
 Yeah, I can so, you know, but honestly, this is a thing  My wife Natalie and I when we go to  Disneyland together and you know, sometimes you'll get the Mickey and Friends parking structure and other times  You'll get some other lot like the woody lot or something some just like adjunct lot  But we're always like there's always like an extra thrill when we get that Mickey and Friends parking structure and it's thing  We've talked about because she you know design is something that she is  very conscious of and it's a thing that I'm I'm aware of and I used to ostensibly be a  Designer of working working in the video game industry.
 So it's just such a a great  Functional I'm using the word design again  But design is a great functional design and and and it's just so efficient and I feel like it's like the beginning of  In the same way that I mentioned raging waters earlier and like when you park it raging waters is my memory of it  It's like a dirt lot.
 It's like so janky.
 It's like yeah, it's like the  sloppiest  Beginning of what's supposed to be a day of suspension of belief or just like a day of fun and  Windy and sharp hills and weird turns exactly.
 I went up there  Yeah  And then you get on like an an  Unair-conditioned bus like just said like a decommissioned school bus and that's what's taking you to the park proper  Like that's their tram system  Like it's really really janky and then that's that's your end of day too.
 Like after you've had a day of fun  That's how you're going home that so you you're in your you're beginning and end  It's being bookended by this kind of like a clumsy  Experience and I think the opposite is true with the Mickey and Friends parking structure because you're going in there  It's a breeze you're being guided like basically  Directly to a space because of the cone system and the you know, they've got an abundance of attendance  They've got so many attendance working there showing you exactly it feels like you're getting valet while you're driving yourself  It's like they're guiding you to exactly where you're supposed to park.
 It's a perfect use of every space is occupied  It's not like there's a you're gonna drive by a bunch of empty spaces and and you know  It's all being used and then there's the escalators that go this to me is what puts it over the top  There's escalators that go directly from your level to the ground  Yeah  You don't have to go like down a flaw a few flights to some other levels of the parking structure that you'd have no reason  Like if you parked on level four  There's no reason you'd ever have to go to level two  You've gotten there's nothing for you there.
 You want to go from four to the ground.
 They have a direct path  And and to me that's very elegant in terms of getting in and out at the end of the day  Damn, yeah, really?  You're run down by the level.
 We're blown away by that.
 Yeah about this.
 Yeah, and I absolutely agree.
 It's  Yeah, you know, you know, you don't really find and by the way just to totally  In case you don't know this is the major parking structure at the we're talking about a parking garage  But not just any part garage for a time and it may still be this was the biggest parking garage in America  Like this part garage built in 2000 deal with the I will tell you that  No longer it is no longer to look at these notes  It is okay  The largest parking garage in the United States now is at the SeaTac airport in Seattle and no  Wow spaces out ranking the Mickey and Friends parking structure.
 I want to say that full name every time.
 Yeah  Like Guardians of the Galaxy mission breakout  Mickey and Friends parking structure has 10,000 spaces the biggest in the world is the West Edmonton Mall in Canada  20,000 Wow  double imagine a structure double the that's crazy  Yes, it requires such imagination.
 Not even the Imagineers could dream it  But everybody at the time it opened though the biggest parking  Yeah, right an interesting jumping off point to just talk about how Disney handles transportation in general  Sure, let let's go Jason and I did we were talking about this Jason and I are not from Southern, California  So we never got to experience the original Disneyland parking lot, which is famously just a parking lot in it's where California Adventure is now  Yeah, it's just a parking lot in front of the theme park and you would park and walk up like what let's ask you guys Scott  California boys, you got to tell us what was it like I  Remember it being and Scott I'm interested in your thoughts  I remember being a gigantic surface lot just like a huge like just basically parking as far as the eye could see I remember  It being similar to what would occur if you angry about that  But what you would what you would encounter at outside like for me just I remember going to angels games and Dodgers games  The same sort of thing just like the giant like ballpark  surface lot and then certainly like the characters  Which is an element they've retained it at you know  I basically I think at every theme park parking structure and then it's certainly a thing in the Mickey and Friends  Parking structure, but there they it's actually color-coded and then tied directly to the escalators.
 So it's it's like even more clear  It's even harder to mess up  But the but yeah, it's just giant surface lot and then you know  You'd be parked next to dopey or whatever and that would be your guide  You'd have to remember that to find your car at the end of the day  I remember being easy to get like lost like it was just like a little too big and sprawling  I don't know what's your memory then those characters were very small  Like you have to squint probably to be able to tell which dwarf it was or whatever  Is that pongo or is that?  So did they have like I have so many questions about what it was like  So was it like because in the new Mickey and Friends parking structure, they have they'll have like a whole level  That's Daisy.
 Yes, and they'll have like a number and letter that corresponds with so be like Daisy 2d  And that's like a section of the parking lot.
 Yeah, and you'll remember there  Did they have these numbers and letters to correspond or was it just like that joke on the Simpsons where we're in the itchy lot?  Yeah, just the character and you have to remember like that's could be like one of a thousand spaces  Yeah, I don't remember specifically enough, but I don't think it was as  Crystal clear as it is with the Mickey and Friends parking structure  I remember it just being the character and then you just you know  You'd be there be goofy and then you just kind of know you were generally in the periphery of goofy  You're kind of in his territory.
 But like that.
 Yeah the Mickey and Friends  Structure so they even go to the level where on the receipt  They have the they have like a guide printed on it  Yeah, you like and if you have a you have a writing implement in your car  You can circle.
 Yeah, you can circle the G and you can circle the 7 and so, you know exactly where you are on whichever  Characters level you're at it's pretty great.
 I fun little game of bingo.
 Yeah  I had never realized because I like those escalators and I always use the escalators  Elevator buttons in the garage elevator have the characters on yeah  So if you just remember if you don't remember what level you number you're on, I just go like, oh right.
 We're at goofy  Yeah, let me shut it out real quick to six mini five Donald for goofy three Mickey to Daisy one  I think nothing one is just no one is Chippendale.
 Oh  God I took the time to make a list and I screwed up the list according to the elevator buttons  Is this Daisy's highest profile like attraction in the park?  I does she get any any anything bigger than this house in Toontown?  Yeah, it's sort of a facade though you can't go into it  I don't think it's like Minnie's house where there's a little like area actually to go in  It's just sort of a painted flat.
 Maybe right as Daisy's house.
 Does she just live it's or is it like a floor in Donald's boat?  Like under the she's on the starboard.
 Yeah  I'm not even sure if Daisy is fleshed out and like the classic Carl  Banks or Carl Banks Carl Barks.
 What was the name the cartoonist?  There's a series of Donald and uncle Scrooge comics that are like worldwide beloved and it's like  If Daisy  Poorly flesh.
 Yeah  Much more so and looking real bad these days next to Minnie who this week received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame  Congrats many.
 Congratulations to many Katy Perry was there in Minnie s.
 Cogarb  Saluting her and welcoming her.
 I guess a million dollars by the Disney Corporation  Where Minnie's dress and show up with Bob Iger? That's a little fun for dad though, right? Oh, yeah  There's two the two sexiest women he knows  Minnie and Katy Perry.
 I just saw her live  Two three days ago.
 Yeah, I went to Vegas to see her specifically and  Instead of the instead of anything instead of talking about something sexy that happened  I'm gonna say how she played basketball against a dad in the audience like a giant arcade style  Basketball game with a big inflatable ball and the dad one must have been a thrill for the  And if we really gave me the taste to I went straight into the New York New York casino  Past all of the casino games straight to the arcade  I had to play some hoops myself  It was great though  I don't know if this Katy Perry tour is still going or if she's done her LA dates or what Katy Perry a lot of fun  Yeah, and we enter not in the mini dress  It was Karl Barks I looked at us, okay, don't get mad at me what about yeah, yeah, you're correct that  Daisy's pretty that's a pretty big representation.
 Yeah, I'm pretty underrepresented  Utilized it should be like stitch instead of Daisy  But I think they I think they're I have to think just because the the psychology of this is  So thoroughly thought out that I think they they must be a reason why they I think they want to justify the color pink  I think they're like, oh we want this to be the pink  I'll make this the Daisy level right the color coding is very very clear  It might even be to the degree where it accommodates the colorblind like it might just fall into that red green spectrum  Sure, I don't know so like yeah, maybe not  Isn't there a thing in the 80 like there's a very specific set of rules of like the central six or the means that like  Characters you mean yeah that like Mickey Minnie Pluto goofy  Donald Daisy like there there are very there were and I think it loosened up and now I'm sure it's but then Chippendale  Are on this too.
 So yeah, that's true.
 They got enough floors become primary because yeah as of the 40s and 50s  They were just like pests bothering Donald right suddenly there among the primary  Best of friends with the whole game.
 I would think Pooh Bear would you would go with over the Chippendale, right?  Yeah, he's much more prominent in the part somewhere.
 There's no is there a poop  There's no put this Toy Story lot ease or there was  And there's a Pinocchio.
 Now why is Pinocchio one of the primary ones? Yeah.
 Hmm.
 I don't work a variation  Oh, there you go.
 There probably is something to all that  I'm sure if you looked into it.
 Yeah, yeah, I think in the old in the original lot they were I think they chose characters  They tried to have all 26 letters of the alphabet  But there are I think are no characters of X Y & Z.
 Although I thought of Zorro right away, but other than that  It's I think I think they tried to represent a through through W and they were sort of organized alphabetically  Oh, so there's some info for you salivate over that old school  Parking lot information one of my favorite anecdotes about the original parking lot at Disneyland is is and I forget who the two  of this is credited to but like  when  California Adventure first open and they were doing like cast member previews and  Imagineering previews and stuff for family like two longtime Imagineers were like walking out afterwards and the one goes  So what did you think and the other goes? Well, I liked it better when it was a parking lot  Which is such a devastating  Going on like a brand new park, right? Yeah.
 Yeah  Well, so that that's the whole history of it is that up until the mid 90s  You could park in the spring lot that was right next to Disneyland  You're essentially at the ticket booths and at the train station  Right away and you could see that from your car  That area that was taken out to build California Adventure so that there was like a just a short walk between the two  Right.
 Yeah, there was Disney has bought up odd areas of land all over that Anaheim campus  But it makes more it made the most sense to have the two parks next to each other and even now it's a question if  They ever did a third where would that go when how would you connect with every monorail?  Would there be yeah, everyone says it's the Toy Story parking lot, which is a little little ways away  It's the one that's zone yield for a park for a new park.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah, that's like a little bus ride  It's right by the Anaheim Convention Center  this is a  Question that they're running into at the Universal Orlando  Resort because that resort was designed very much like Disneyland where it's like the original Universal Studios Park  had a second park built like right next to it like essentially like a block and a half walk and  now that and they  Gradually built hotels and a city walk there and now they keep adding hotels and they have a huge plot of land down the road  But like at the time when they're like we're gonna buy this Florida property and try to compete with Walt Disney World  They're like they didn't want to build and sustain a massive  Transportation infrastructure like Disney World did so they made a design closer  Actually to Disneyland where it's like the two parks are next to each other and people can walk there  Or they have a handful of boats and you could take a boat from the hotel  To the two parks, but now that they want to expand and build a third park  It's like farther away, so they're gonna have to start having I don't know buses  Is there a creative way to do it like it's pretty cool that Universal now has the the the Harry Potter  Harry Potter in Islands of Adventure and Diagon Alley in  Universal and the train can take you to both right?  There's some ride that maybe somewhere in the Marvel Universe  potentially there's a rainbow bridge you could walk on or there's a you know,  What else Tony Stark has some new?  Tony Sager Reed Richards is  Hop on to onto the shield supercarrier that takes you over  The carrier yeah, yeah, it's just like not clothes just the Hulk's bridge  It's very green  I will say that speaking of  The two points that I thought of while you're talking Jason and one about Universal  So I want to I had fairly close a couple years ago  fairly proximal Disneyland trip followed by a  Universal Studios a Hollywood trip and  the difference between the Mickey and Friends parking structure the elegance of that and the  Jurassic parking that they have there  It's like it's night and day even though it's but it functionally as a little parking structure  The Jurassic parking has all the pitfalls that exist in you know  Like like a poorly designed like mall parking structure or ballpark parking structure where you've got all these these these different levels  You got a cycle through endlessly you got a hunt for a space a little bit  Where you park like the iconography is not super clear in terms of which which air you know, like  Like was I in J6 was I in L1 like one, you know, you can't quite  Parse it perfectly and even if you write it down or take a picture of the pillar you parked by  It's still a little bit of an ordeal to find your space and then walking through it  You got to walk through a lot of other cars like that that if you've got a family if you're pushing a stroller like that's  A little bit of a hazard.
 You've got other people looking for parking and maybe making abrupt turns  Trying to snag a space and you got it.
 You got a family in tow.
 You don't necessarily have those same sort of  Black marks that you're dealing with if you're in the Mickey and Friends and also too  So, you know Universal is different because you're walking right into the park  It's like it's like right butted up against Universal City Walk, basically  So you're basically just in the same way that you would walk into downtown Disney and then be in the Disneyland proper  Like you're right that you're right butted up against it.
 There's a there's a tram ride for the Mickey and Friends structure  But it's a nice tram ride.
 It's very pleasant  And it's kind of like a gentle sort of I feel like when the kids that are on there  They're building anticipation a little bit.
 They're like getting excited because they're like, oh my god  This is like the ride that's taking us to Disneyland.
 This is akin to the the helicopter that's taking us into Jurassic Park  a little small thrill that's that's that that tells of  Bigger thrills to be had in the future.
 Sure.
 You get a look you get a ride right away, right?  Yeah, that is a thing to talk about I think that I think that tram is very pleasant  I like the look of that thing they get it  That's a that's a that's a neat shiny classic car vibe the white with the red stripes and yes  That's very appealing.
 I'm gonna I don't want to I don't want this to turn into a fight.
 Oh boy  But I'm gonna say I like the Universal parking garage  You're right about everything but what's interesting about Universal parking garage is like you don't know where you're parking on on occasion  You just walk out and you're right where you wanted to be and on occasion  It's a 10 or 15 minute walk, right?  So like on occasion I park and I go where are we and I go down an escalator and I'm like  Oh, we're right here at the margaritaville at City Walkers  I'm like we're right here on sometimes so like there's sort of a fun chaos that I find  It's like sometimes you have to get an elevator that's themed a curious George there  That's the whole level or that's the whole parking structure, but then you get to kind of walk have a nice city walk walk  Which I honestly and this is the controversy this is where the controversy will come in  I kind of like walking through City Walk better than I like riding on that tram to Disneyland  which maybe this I should save this for later when we were gonna say controversial things, but  The tram I find I don't think is it's the the though  What happens what happens you leave the tram from the parking structure and it's like what five minutes to get to?  Downtown Disney basically right in front of their world of Disney, which is a giant store  I don't think it's themed well enough.
 I don't I can see through the fence  I can see the buildings the show buildings for Pirates of the Caribbean or Indiana Jones fair  I can see right through it and honestly it starts to trip off by going  Oh, yeah, Pirates of the Caribbean is in that big on like  People are having  For me Jason I'm saying for me  All right, I agree that dad on the trip of the California isn't going all that show buildings really ruining the magic  But you get magic built up when you walk past the sock market a little bit a little bit that giant  Gaudy King Kong sign that all feels like I'm already in this nonsense  Cosmetics yeah when I was first out here in LA and I had an internship on the Universal backlot and I  Go up and eat it city where they were there was like dollar taco night at a what is that?  She rubio there used to be a row.
 Yeah, it's fish tacos that a dollar fish tacos on Tuesday nights  Tuesday night CityWalk in the fall looks like the world ended and someone left the lights on  like to just eat a giant plate of fish tacos and like  Watch weird watch music videos on the giant CityWalk screen and every now and then there would be an interstitial ad for just like  And it's just a logo and so I whispering CityWalk it's just like yeah  This feels real like end of the world this feels a real apocalyptic people hate on CityWalk  We're going to do at least one episode on CityWalk eventually  Oh, yeah, not a couple parts because there's so many different places there.
 I do love CityWalk  so that's that's sort of I'm biased to get toward it and especially because the  Hollywood CityWalk and the Orlando CityWalk may as well be different planets  Really differently because the one is catering to like locals going out for the night and the other is catering to like people in town for  Vacation so one got tricked.
 Yeah  If you're a local who goes to CityWalk a lot you're a weirdo like us  Yeah, but one definitely feels more like a mall and the other feels more like  People who are hammered right?  I would say and and I like CityWalk and I also like downtown Disney, which I think is maybe not as  It doesn't feel even though it is it doesn't feel as crassly commercial as as as Universal CityWalk  It doesn't feel like there's as much like stores just selling like like dog shit like just trying to like, you know  Just selling whatever there's like a sock stores  Is that still there? Yes, I believe  There's like a popcorn store, there's just so many so many stores  Right just right garbage just chintzy garbage and and and I feel like at the at  Downtown Disney's there's not that same effect here  Here's what I would say it just to just return to what you're talking about with the tram earlier Carlson  I think you make a very valid point in terms of entering the park.
 However, the thing I would say is  It's very nice at the end of the day  And and it's sort of like especially I feel like if your parents and you got some kids who are maybe wound up all day  And now they're crashing it just gives you a moment to decompress that tram ride  It's like that tram ride back is like, okay  This is the day is over the day is done  and I feel like if you're if you're you're tugging your kids through  Universal CityWalk trying to make your way to trying to figure out what level you parked at at Jurassic Parking and you know  You still got that chaos basically until you got them in the car and you're like shut up, you know  And it's like that that's the energy that's carrying you out at the end of this day versus like like oh, this is our  This is like the end of Lord of the Rings where Frodo is getting on  To the little boat and he's going to like sail off into the distance  Like that's the equivalent of the the tram ride towards the the Mickey and Friends parking structure  Except like Frodo's competing for space with like 700 other  Yes, that was gonna be I agree with you that ride can be very pleasant  But a ride itself, right the right itself  But the lead-up is kind of a nightmare because there's a million people there to queue up a little bit and I mean as most people  I don't have kids  We don't have kids.
 None of us have kids  They're not even coming soon like  These are four men whose bloodlines are going to end  Not as fun as a theme park  But oftentimes we'll just walk from Disneyland to the Mickey and Friends parking structure  I didn't know you can do that  Like I've done this at least ten times because sometimes even though you're dog you're dead tired  You go well 15 minutes or I stand in front of I don't even know maybe it's 15 minutes for this tram  Let's just walk so you walk through downtown Disney you walk all the way and then you see this glorious parking structure in the distance  And you're going on these days.
 I almost find that that's even maybe a more  Visually interesting walk sometimes than it is to go on the tram  But you have to pop the Disney bubble to do it  You have to essentially go into Anaheim streets a little bit  But there's also Disney streets to like it's all  Kind of only Disney owns the streets.
 I think because they're the Disney  I don't think the Disney like street signs  Yeah, I guess so  But it is like you're crossing streets and I wonder now cuz they they have moved security to like right next to the Mickey and Friends  Parking which is better.
 Yes, they move the metal detectors like right at the bottom  And where you yeah where you look yeah, right? Yeah  Yeah, and I used to be by like the world of Disney  it used to be by like the ticket booths and everything which was was very jarring would lead to traffic jams and  Honestly, I think it's better having it at there or on the other side of the property right the Esplanade like just yeah  Knock it out if it's unpleasant and it sucks, but it's part of the world we live in now  So like yeah, just bang it out and just get through it.
 Yes  I also don't I'm now I'm being real negative and this is not I did not go into this  No, it's a thing.
 I'm gonna like take you to task or anything.
 It just these are my feelings  I will say so now Bill Maher  New rule  Mickey and Friends blows  I  Do here I'll say some good nice things about Mickey and Friends  There is a an exit on the five which is the freeway you're on you generally take to go to Disneyland  It's the specific Disneyland exit.
 So you go in the left lane, especially you have to think you have to be a carpool to be in  it  And you go off on a kind of a left exit on the freeway and you go sort of on this  Like specifically made for Disneyland bridge kind of thing and then they redirect you like it's an express lane  To get to Mickey and Friends.
 Yeah, and I love it and that feels like a ride to me that feels like my first ride  Zooming over the side streets  Yeah at the end of the day they flip it.
 Yes, and that goes the other way  So you leave your Mickey and Friends you again feel like you're going on one last ride  And then you go right under the five and you're back to the real world one of the last times I went  I was I was riding out of there with my with my roof down and the fireworks are going off  Car yeah  That's that's your Frodo sometimes you can catch the fireworks from the tram, too  I mean  I like the trans just cuz I like the modes of transit at Disney Mike always makes fun because like  Anytime we've been at the park together.
 We're trying to figure out what to ride or stuff as long waits  I'm always the first to go like well  Maybe we should amble on over to the Mark Twain River Boats  Just ride the train for the rest of our lives, but you  Not only does he do you like the train you like the Casey jr.
 Train, which I do like Casey jr.
 Train  I've written all I think I have only written that ride with you  Yes, I made you ride the Casey jr.
 Train and once or twice we were in like the cage  Car like it's a very tall man and I'm crouched into this thing  Sitting on the caboose part just happy as a clam  Employees are like there's plenty of room in there on the other side for kids and a family  Like no no no let the adults have the cage to themselves  They must always be a little concerned when adults without children get on Casey jr.
 Oh, yeah, no, it's gotta be a flag  No, it's like they've got a flag and it's like going on a little spaceship outside a market or something  It's tiny we shouldn't go on it.
 No, it's great.
 The storybook boats are great, too.
 I do like those  Yeah, I like the speaking of transportation guy.
 I do remember going on trips to  To Disneyland as I mentioned this earlier when we were doing this for for orchestras kids  And I remember my buddy John Civi had found out I think through a previous family trip that there was a so the arcades in  The starcade I think is the big one, but the arcades that are at Disneyland  This was when Mortal Kombat was was first in arcades and they had turned the blood off  The Disneyland ones but he had found out that there was an arcade in the Disneyland hotel that had Mortal Kombat with the blood  Awesome.
 So on this school trip, we took the monorail over to the Disneyland Hotel  this is before Disney downtown Disney I think even existed there was just it just went to the hotel and  Not being guests there.
 We like went into the lobby had a little  Lunch at whatever the monorail cafe was and then we went over and just was good.
 It was pretty good  Yeah, that's a first place.
 I had a vanilla Coke  Yeah, right.
 Yeah  And then we went and we played we played full blood full fatality Mortal Kombat for most of this trip  There's a hack.
 Yeah  Anytime travelers.
 Yeah  I  Sorry, oh no, I was gonna say I mean I I did that last time I was there  I not not to there but I love eating at the hotel like it's such an easy pleasant experience  at the hotels usually especially at the quick service like restaurants like in off hours or like lunchtime because people don't  Unless you're staying there like a lot of people don't know like yeah, there's a really nice like one  Whitewater snacks at the Grand Californian is like in the very back  Yeah, it's just so quiet and they pump in the sound effect like it's it's up against California Adventure  So they're pumping in like very pleasant folk music and sound effects and what do they have?  Is that like a hot dog and burger stand? What is it? It's like nachos  Flatbread pizzas.
 Okay and burgers.
 Yeah, they rotate it  Say what Tango row a terrace at the Disneyland Hotel also very good  Unusually empty the park lunch spots usually very crowded the hotel lunch spots much less so  Yeah, I love them.
 Even those downtown Disney spots are often very very crowded  Yeah, that's good to know that the hotel itself has some the the Grand Californian too or just this just the Disneyland Hotel  All all three of the hotels that I've never been inside Paradise beer now  They say that but oh, they all have restaurants of different like levels a little junkier  But they have like they that's where the like the good like character breakfast  Oh, yeah for kids  Yeah  You can find like there's like little slick the steakhouse in the Disneyland Hotel if you go to the bar  Especially later you can get a lot of the menu there.
 Oh, not usually that crowded Napa Rose  Well, it's probably one of the best restaurants at a  Disneyland period you can get the full menu at the bar  Natalie and I went to Napa Rose and got the the chef's I know this thing  We got the chef's tasting menu ones  Whatever you have like reserve it and you like sit at the counter and then they're they like prepare all the courses for you  And you can like it you can watch them kind of make it and they have wine pairings and everything  And it was a delightful anniversary dinner.
 Yeah  Also you did a club 33 once I've been to club 33 one time  I I was I so used to write for this TV show called at midnight that was hosted by Chris Hardwick  Chris is a very  Was a very generous boss and as part of his  Like as part of it is gratitude towards the writing staff  He used his leverage as I think it whatever membership he has club 33 to get us all in to club 33 for a meal  And so I had a lunch there and it was have you guys ever been inside? I've never been I did one time  Yeah, shout out to David love.
 Thanks for getting us in.
 Yeah, it was it was it was  Picturesque in there is very very like it just an amazing  Exactly what you expect us to be like that felt like this real secret society and and you know a cabinet with this  Ultra-expensive top-shelf liquor that you could buy by the bottle  But the the thing and this this might be more for for us than than for your listeners and unless they they happen to know him  But like this this was like a random day in the summer and we were going to club 33 for lunch and  Randomly I ran into our friend Doug Jones was just there  He was hanging out at club 33 and I just like oh, this is perfectly appropriate  This is this guy.
 Yeah, I've seen parks so much.
 Of course.
 We just be here.
 Yeah  Yeah, it was it felt like such a random confluence to just run into a guy  I know it at this exclusive club within this theme park.
 You thought it would only be like Archdukes, right?  Yeah  See you have Pepsi or something  It is like a thing you would expect like like kind of the and maybe this was kind of the lunchtime crowd  but you expect people to be wearing, you know, sharp suits and and  You know cocktail dresses, but then it's just like a dad wearing Birkenstocks and cargo shorts, you know  How was the food? I don't really remember this.
 I remember being like this is my thing also with Carthe Circus  I really like the food of Carthe Circus.
 I don't like there's nothing like it's just a very nice restaurant  There's not a lot in terms of like some story about the shoe.
 Am I wrong? I like it's great obviously very good  Yeah, I would say not mind-blowing not like I had like fried chicken and it's not like oh, this is the best fried chicken  I've ever had but like this is very good.
 And you know, certainly there's a gigantic markup on it  This cost like $30 or something  It's absurd but it's a year you're paying for the atmosphere and the exclusivity and the fact that you can get alcohol inside  Disneyland and those weird toilets.
 There's like weird old like  Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I remember that I think they also had mouthwash in the bathroom, which was nice  Oh, that's very fancy  I was just reading a story about one of the first female imagineers and she looked at the plans for Club 33 and she had to  Tell Walt she goes this bathroom for the women is too small  And he said you're right and they doubled it  Yeah, they got a like literally like a one woman could not fit in.
 Yes.
 I think so.
 Yeah  I think she was also saying female beauty was so  Yes, I think that's what she was she would know literally she I think she she said something in an un-pc way about women of size  Would not be able to get in the bathroom  So they they doubled this so they took apart away of the kitchen and then right Walt is like 85 pounds  Whatever weight he made Lillian stay at  That's the weight women should be isn't there a story about a woman who is an astronaut like the  Sally Ride and they were sending her in the space and they were like will a hundred tampons be enough, right?  They just had no sense  That feels like that's like a  A few years from now when they've they've run out of  Saving mr.
 Bank stories.
 It feels like they're gonna make a hidden figure style movie about this first female imagineer that has to be in the  Pike, right? Yeah  I mean a lot I was reading I was very interesting because she was talking about how it was like no one listened to her  Like just go to straight 12.
 She's very she said Walt was very nice  Okay, a lot of the imagineers were just dicks who wouldn't who would ignore things  She said she designed a lot of the Haunted Mansion.
 Well getting her name.
 Her last name is Norris  I really should look that up if he won if Walt wants to talk to a woman.
 He'll draw one  Still love drawing all the time I look up her name  I do think right now though while people are listening to this they're gonna go  When are they gonna go back to the parking garage? Yeah guys stop talking about we didn't want engineers and we didn't want a tangent  Anywhere in this thing.
 Let's get back on track.
 So  Well now this is actually the opposite of the parking garage  but I think this parking garage is is especially indicative of  Southern California car culture because like I mean all of the Disney parks have some sort of parking option  Sure, Florida if you're going to the Magic Kingdom you have to park across the lake from it and take the boat or Monorail over  To the Magic Kingdom  The other resort of parks in Florida all have parking lots in front of or next to it at the international parks  There's a much bigger emphasis on like public transit.
 Yeah, I do I do wish there was because I'm someone who I  Love, you know, like when I'll go I'm an NBA fan and we'll go  Go see the Lakers play in downtown and Staples Center for more we live in Santa Monica  I'll take the train and and it's it's great.
 It's great to not have to worry about parking  I would love it.
 This was this was a few years ago  I think when Obama's infrastructure plan was being floated and they used it as like a talking point to be like like  You know, he wants to build a high-speed rail between  LA and Disneyland and it's like it's like well that would that makes it that would be amazing  Because it's a huge tourist destination people fly into LA they would 100% make use of and locals would 100% make use of like  That makes a lot of sense.
 But as a talking point, it's something that you can  Bat down but yeah, I wish there was a better.
 I wish there was a train option  I wish you could take you you didn't have to drive there  but because you have to drive I think the the bikini friends parking structure is is  You know as as good as it can be basically.
 Yeah in Disney Paris.
 I was reading in  Disneyland Paris there is a major like regional hub like a two-minute walk from the park for the train  Tokyo Disney a train station.
 Yeah, and it's and it's like not the weird thing not too Disney-ified  It's like just barely off the property just like a couple steps away.
 And so there's just like  Train station weirdos.
 It's like it's wow  Not a magical Disney train station and that being like I think it's like 20 minutes outside of Paris and that you're like in the  Magic of Paris and then you're just in some weird European suburban dirty train station  Yeah, really that I mean I we haven't talked about Disneyland Paris a ton on here  But I like I found it sort of odd and janky and sketchy and that train station arrival was part of it because you're thinking  Disney and train.
 Oh, it's gonna be a med  It's gonna be like an old Victorian train station  Then it's just like lockers and people sleeping on the ground and it sucked  What you would like sounds like what the Tokyo experience is where like they have a monorail there that goes around the whole property  But you have to buy a pass for it  And it's like I believe technically part of the transit system in Tokyo so you can buy a monthly pass or use like a subway  Ticket to ride the monorail even though it's on private property and operated by the Oriental Land Company who runs Tokyo Disney  Hmm.
 That's awesome.
 But it takes you right it like what you need to get around Tokyo already what takes you  I think you can use that pass or at least buy like a monthly Disney pass if you work there and it's got stops at  all the hotels and like the partner hotels and then there's like the  Entrance to the property right by the way Oriental Land Company sounds like ominous.
 That sounds like a  relic of a  colonialism like it was established by the Netherlands in like the  1500s and had its own Navy it does but I believe it was established by the Japanese government  Co-run the Disney Park  Autonomy in the way, and they put a Tokyo Disneyland  Yeah, they dumped a ton of money is which is why I suppose like to I which we have not been yet  Tokyo Disney Sea which is like this was like the greatest theme park in the world  I thought I've heard this so much money from that Oriental Land Company.
 Yeah Wow  Hearing it in English in America.
 It is a weird.
 It's got a weird  Right  Like my grandparents say that word where it's like, oh, I know you don't mean this maliciously  But we don't really say that anymore.
 Sure, but it sounds like the third Reich development  Yeah, something  Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna tie a couple things together here you mentioned Tokyo Disney Sea  if you I'm gonna talk a little bit about the sort of the history and why the  Friends parking structure exists  Do you guys know sort of the anything about like the weird bidding wars between Long Beach and Anaheim that took place? Oh, no  No, I don't think I do.
 So okay.
 So  All right, and interrupt me with the jokes or something  Podcast with interruptions.
 I've never heard of such a thing.
 I demand it  Okay, so mid 1980s Michael Eisner takes over the Disney Company  He wants Disneyland to be more like Disney World where there's multiple parks and multiple hotels  But he immediately gets acquainted with there is not a lot of land in  Anaheim and they don't own any hotels at that point like but in the mid 80s Disney did not own the Disneyland Hotel  It was built by a friend of Walt's named Jack rather and Walt was just so desperate to get a hotel  Opened there that he said like whatever you want  Well cut you a great deal and Walt's leased the land to the guy for 99 years  It's yours for an and you can use the name Disneyland and no other hotels in this area can use the word Disney  So this guy Jack rather has this cake deal  They've made the monorail go right up to that hotel  But Disney was not pocketing any of that hotel room money  So major like lack of income for Disney for many many years Eisner's like done break it get him out of here  They did basically a hostile takeover of the rather corporation.
 They just bought up the entire thing Wow similar to the way that they just bought  Fox where it's like  Well, if you won't give us X-Men then we'll like we'll just buy the whole thing.
 So they they took over  rather  So now they only Disneyland Hotel, but in the rather corporation also owns the Queen Mary  so  That gives them ownership of this big like plot of land on the Long Beach Harbor and now  They've got this bargaining chip.
 They say to the city of Anaheim  We would love to build a second park here  But we really need is a parking structure and we want you to build it and Anaheim's like that's bullshit  Oh, that's really stupid.
 Well, if you don't want to do it, we could always just go over to Long Beach  We already own the Queen Mary, right? They've developed plans at this point for something called Port Disney.
 It's very similar to Disney Sea  Yeah, like Disney Sea I remember this this is a thing growing up in the Long Beach area  I remember reading about the ongoing  Port Disney  You know it would end up being a debacle and never happening in the the local paper the press telegram  There's a lot of updates about the about this ongoing thing  And I remember there there was a point where it was like it looked like we're gonna get a new Disney Park like right  Like, you know, very very close by yeah, how close would that have been for you?  That's true  I mean it would have been like a 15-minute drive for us for my child at home  Right there right by my high school.
 I mean it could have gone anytime I wanted.
 Wow.
 Yeah  Yeah, and like right.
 Yeah, if you've been if you've been to Long Beach, yeah, I would have connected all of this stuff together  There's a big mall there called the Pike and there's all these hotels and stuff and like it all would have been this massive  Disney campus and they were also gonna build like over the harbor  They were gonna reclaim land and build it on the ocean Wow the Sierra Club  protested it and had a big like  Yeah, really tried to get it to not happen and somebody a guy from the Sierra Club issued a really lofty statement about like the hubris  of man to build above the sea  That's funny cuz the joke I make is is when  Eisner  opens  the Grand Californian and California Adventure as he did it with the hubris of a bad God like  Californians come to this park themed to California  Made a miniature cow.
 There's no need to do the rest of California  so anyway, like they and  They've got options now in Anaheim and Long Beach and Eisner issues this this odd  Statement about like well, it's just we'll go with whatever city wants us more and that caused Anaheim to cave and they said yeah  All right  We'll build you at the time the idea was three different parking structures the the city of Anaheim would build them  Give Disney like just this tiny lease and that is what happens.
 So the Mickey and Friends was built by the city of Anaheim  The city of Anaheim gets no money for that.
 I think they get it.
 They get it like a dollar a year, right?  It's like some token amount.
 Oh, yeah, yeah something like it's like bear like legal minimum, right?  Yes, he has had Anaheim by the balls  Forever and there recently has been a big yeah about like a non Disney what mayor was installed sort of an anti  Within the Anaheim City Council, there are people who are there councilmen who were kind of bought by Disney and right who are not  It's a very like Congress NRA  situation like Disney hasn't had there hasn't been any tax on tickets for years and years and years and then some people finally were  Like that's fucked up.
 Right like when you see there are parts of Anaheim that are in terrible shape  This is like blocks away from Anaheim.
 They're like, yeah  Really like really lower in terry is in the city could use that money and what they were talking about was like a single dollar of  Entertainment tax right on every Disneyland ticket and Disney freaked out this cannot happen  and also  So there was an LA Times article kind of revealing a lot of this information and sort of the the odd  relationship between Anaheim and and Disneyland and  Disney was so displeased with this article that they told the LA Times fine.
 You can't review our movies anymore  I remember this yeah happened a few months ago.
 That was all  Essentially related to like the parking situation  Right.
 Yeah, and also and this now we're really getting into the driest of dry territory  There was another parking garage.
 They wanted to build.
 Yeah, the Eastern Gateway project  Yes, which is a whole thing and they had a whole design for it  And there was a bridge that was gonna take you over like, you know, those right like Captain Cook's is like a restaurant  There's like a desert Denny's right there.
 Yeah  Harbor Boulevard, it was gonna be a bridge that was gonna take you from the  New parking garage right into Disney and  They were like, well, you can't do this because this is gonna block off all the businesses  Yeah, those businesses would have been I mean, yeah, but those businesses are kind of leeches like let's be oh, yeah  Yeah, I mean why they're there to begin.
 Yeah, the Mimis cafe right there is just leeching off of Disney's, you know  I mean, I mean to see me me's go.
 Yeah, I like the rest of it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that's a good  Captain kid's buffet though what you mentioned that what that place is like dog shit  Reviewed is the worst restaurant in Orange County and they're leeching off the logo of red Robin.
 It's  Yeah  Yeah, they were gonna build essentially a second Mickey and Friends parking structure  and so people coming from the north would park at Mickey and Friends people coming from the south would park at this other one and  He could not get through Anaheim City Council.
 They would not get it through  so now part of the situation being as  To in the in the mid-90s when they could say we're gonna bail and go to Long Beach instead they can't do that now  They can't exactly say we're gonna go right right Star Wars land somewhere else, right?  So Disney sort of doesn't have the bargaining chip like they had in the night at this point people listening to the podcaster like talk  about the restaurants again  Jesus Christ talk about that lady whose name you  Tanya Tanya Norris  I know I know  Needed more parking spots for years.
 Yes, they certainly need them before Star Wars  Oh, yeah, and we got a disaster brewing.
 I would love to break this story to Nick if he doesn't know  They are building a new  Parking structure Wow right by Mickey and Friends about the same size.
 Am I correct?  I there's essentially duplicating or duplicating Mickey and Friends  6000 is about six thousand.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Okay, so it's a little  Now and maybe one day they'll get that Eastern Gateway parking garage.
 So that's a little present for you  That there'll be another  Well-designed parking structure coming soon efficient.
 Yeah, so they're building the parking structure because Star Wars land is coming, right?  And what's also gonna happen is they're building a giant hotel over downtown Disney.
 So you're losing ESPN zone  You're losing rainforest cafe and the movie theater and the Earl of Sandwich  And this is all just this massive  Construction project that they're like fast-tracking.
 Yeah, there's a lot of acreage though those oh, yeah  Yeah for rest or those three restaurants in that movie theater  They'll be retail and restaurant space underneath the hotel  Okay, as people are coming in and I'm sure like Earl of Sandwich will be back in there  There could be a small weird ESPN zone in the hotel.
 We don't know they're talking about stuff like that  It's possible like with especially like with a beloved restaurant like the rainforest cafe.
 Yeah, let's  We've talked about this for either Sheridan's love the rainforest  It's certainly pretty fine.
 Like I went with a friend a friend's 21st birthday.
 We went to that rainforest cafe  This was back in college.
 So that was that was a real hoot right spent a 21st birthday there  yeah, what she wanted to go to she wanted this was this was my friend's girlfriend and  she was also my friend and and a group of  Friends and wanted to go to Disneyland for 21st birthday and then for dinner went to the rainforest cafe  It worked out nicely.
 Oh, yeah, I got in high school.
 I got way too high in there  Oh boy, and I just sat silently freaked out by animatronic monkeys  Didn't say a word to my dinner guest and friend and that kind of informs my my marijuana experience to this day  I think that was the last time I went to a rainforest cafe  I'm thinking thinking back and I this was that that 21st birthday and I  Remembered that the I got a Caesar salad because I just like eating garbage all day at Disneyland my stomach hurt  So I got something very and it was like a very weak like not good salad.
 Yeah, their foods not great, right?  No, it's terrible.
 No, they like fun fruity fun fruity drinks and like fun appetizers  That's my yeah, it's like eating the blue bayou.
 It's like yeah, it's the experience  I drove down alone a couple years ago to see Dick Van Dyke in a parade  And  That's a true story no one would go with me  It was his bird 90th birthday and I was like, well, what am I gonna get the fucking chance to see this old man again?  And he was in a parade like waving.
 It was like two seconds  And then I parked it downtown Disney and to get validation.
 Yeah, I was like well  I'll get it to go order at the rainforest cafe and I went up to the bar  I ordered like a cheeseburger and then got it parking validated because I wasn't gonna be I wasn't gonna be a bad boy  And get the part like lie and say oh, I just came from the restaurant validate  I've been a bad boy a few times you have well in the past.
 They're a lot more strict nowadays  Although I didn't out I've been a bad I've been a bad boy in regards to using the movie theater to park for free  Oh, right cheat.
 I said earlier where you buy a ticket you get it validated then you cancel the ticket on fandango  This this is no what would dick van dyke say if you heard of this nefarious behavior?  This is the way this is the way that isn't the way Burt would behave.
 It's the way that mean old banker  He also that's true.
 Oh boy.
 That's a good point.
 He liked bird not like the banker  Well, look, I the movie theater is going away.
 So I won't have the opportunity to be this bad look  They're pressed for parking.
 Okay.
 Yeah, this keeps coming up.
 So I had the cheeseburger long story short  I had the cheeseburger and it was just the worst it was so bad  Like how was it could it be this bad? You got to go? Yes  You drove it back to LA and then a layer no, no, no, I ate it while I drove  I'm very good at driving and eating.
 Yes.
 I have a whole system down  I can do it on the freeway if I have to  But I think I had eaten most of it by the time I even got to the freeway and it just how did they how is it?  This bad.
 Yeah, it shouldn't be this bad.
 How could it be? So yeah  The only reason anyone would ever eat it is to sit next to like a firm that's alive  Yeah, the feeling is the whole point  It's like getting a Chuck E Cheese pizza delivered  Just want the food.
 All right, we could do it was the to-go box like a big clam or something  Styrofoam box  It was a styrofoam box from islands because they don't do to-go orders and to go to a store to borrow  Some weirdo  I want to say many of your stories could probably end with long story short.
 I ate the cheeseburger  Yeah in the car I drove or begin with I was driving to a parade by myself  Yeah, I  Just wanted to return to this new this this duplicate Mickey and Friends this Mickey and Friends  Sequel lot real quick, but I'm very excited about this this new structure franchise to expand right?  I  Want to make a prediction?  Which is I don't think they're going to use the blank and friends designation for the name of this new lot, right?  because I think it's going to be too confusing to guests and I think because they have  Some other properties under their umbrella now  They are going to make use of that in their parking  Nomenclature and this will be the Avengers lot  One for level two black widow level and so on Wow, yeah  It's just writes itself seven levels.
 It's associated with their own Avengers member  I think that's a very good prediction and it's very likely  I think there's also a chance that they go with avatar and it's  It's the banshee it's unobtainium for level three or it's so I think it could be  Each child each of the child avatar children  You know, I have friends who've listened to the podcast regularly and they they took some time to ask me  What is your guys deal with avatar? Do you like it?  Do you not like you failed to convey right right? What is your talk about it?  Yeah, we've talked about it in like seven different episodes.
 I you know, I just brought it up again  The Chronicles of Jake Sully and the Navi people here's here's what happened  This is this should not be a thing we get into at the end of a podcast  But I will get into it a little bit  What happens with me is I get fascinated by something that I think I don't like and I I obsess on it  I make a lot of jokes  I'm like very dry with it and then after a while I like it it happened with Jimmy Buffett  Yeah, it happened with Duffy the Disney bear sure from Tokyo Disney Sea and it's like I make enough jokes about something and then one day  I wake up and I like it.
 So I guess I like avatar  Yeah, I guess I like it but it's fun to say the mighty Akron in like a very dry  I think we're referring to the fact that even though  This is the highest grossing movie of all time or one of them and there's these  Mega-budget sequels that have been coming for a decade and there's old theme park about it now  That these things that nobody could just tell you the mighty Akron  You're right, right  It's like yeah really hold on to that fact to even remember it right or that or that the thing is the Hallelujah Mountains  Like quote a line from Avatar it's not there isn't something that comes to the tip of your tongue, right?  No, everyone's seen this movie.
 It's my feeling about the Star Wars prequels  Which I know you guys have talked about always a ton about the start Star Wars, but it's like the three movies are bad  There's so many bad choices, but I've seen them now so many times.
 It means so many jokes.
 I like them  Yeah, I like them.
 I like them.
 Yeah, I like but I don't like them in this weird way that a lot of people are like  Well, they're good.
 They're actually really good.
 Right? I mean that's crazy, but I do like them  I like Dexter Jekster.
 I like waddo.
 I like the podracers.
 I like I need to know all the names sure team  Toppa Gaileys is a name I know  That most people don't know and I but I like him.
 I don't know much about him, but I like team Toppa Gaileys  What what is he with it? We keep it quick, but what is he?  Yeah, he's one of the podracers do you know the names of the two-headed the Greg proofs and oh, I'm yeah  Yeah, what's that character's name? I can't think hmm.
 I don't remember  I did at one point somebody is shouting at the podcast right I tune in and Weiger was on it and nobody knew  The one pull I have is what tambor.
 Oh, yeah, what?  Senator lot Dodd is one  Of Christa lot  Oh  God George Lucas took to a Democrat Senate senator and a Republican senator  They're lions of the Senate.
 Yeah, it is a kiss.
 That's one of the senators  I think he's like the same races new gun rate Wall Street shill Christopher Dodd  Commemorated in a Star Wars film I  Looked this up a second ago while you were talking Carlson about avatar because this this is a thing  That we saw Taruk the first flight.
 Yes, Cirque du Soleil  Inspired by Avatar, which was pretty entertaining.
 This is sickening.
 Yeah, say how much money we spent it was too much  What's like a hundred and fifty dollars?  Money, I don't know what we were thinking.
 I  Seats just good seats.
 They weren't mind-blowing.
 They were good seats  Did you know they bring you up and interact with you and bend you around or something? No, they did.
 Oh, yeah  Not really.
 I mean, it's a pretty good show  It was just like it was gibberish like trying to get the story of the Taruk and because there's a narrator explaining everything  That's happening.
 You watch all that you're still not quite clear on what's going on  Wait explain where this lands in the in the world of Avatar in the kingdom of Avatar.
 It's the it's it's it takes place on the  Avatar planet and it's just it's just a purely Navi story  Yeah, what is the is to root the Avatar planet? No Taruk is the legendary?  Wyvern they have to fly  Yeah, but like to Rook is then I'm trying to remember because they're the Banshee is in it  But to Rook is like a bigger version  Again who's like a harbinger of of death and and by the end of it spoiler alert the young Navi who has yet yet to prove  himself has  Taken control of the mighty to Rook and he rides him into battle and that's respect of his drive  It's still a spoiler if you like stop paying attention during this  So this is reminding me and Mike you may have been with me because it's happened  Comic-con a few years ago, but we came out of the place we were staying and maybe I was with someone else and  like a van pulled up and parked and  Like a passenger van and a bunch of people got out half in Navi clothes  And oh, yeah people who were gonna be handing out flyers  And they just seemed miserable like they were all like had coffee cups and like half in their costumes half in their street clothes  All right, let's get ready for the day  Yeah, so I found that it's increasingly the name of the  The Greg Brooks character.
 I have no idea even how to pronounce this food food and bead  They were called but collectively they're called food is in bead and no do  That's the name of the character in the prequel to the announcers  The two guys that are announcing the pod race that's considered cannon yes, yeah, this is from  Cannon tab of wookie pedia not under the legends tab.
 Okay, these are all  This is like the these references are like the last remaining cars at the end of the night in the Mickey  One of the thing I'll say this about Mickey and friends real quick that I like I and this sort of contradicts what I was  Saying before I do like now that you can sort of see Star Wars land from the parking garage  Because you can see how big it is how expansive it is when it let me be clear once it opens  I don't want to see it.
 I want it to be covered completely  Right now while it's under construction  I love and I make my girlfriend do it every time I go  Let's go to a higher level so we can get a better view of it and we go up the stairs and I take a look  And I just like breathe it in for you know a couple minutes  And I and I and I annoy her probably by saying I go I think that's the where the queue is gonna be for the  Millennium Falcon ride and I think over there is where the the toy Darien toy shop will be like I've done this with you a  Couple times, but sometimes I'll be with my wife, and I will say well Mike's not here  So we don't have to go look at the Star Wars construction  We could skip the stop this time  But it I admittedly it is very it's been good  That's like the best vantage point to watch yes the growth of that thing which has been incredible over the last year  So that's another good thing I like about Mickey and friends right great views hey great views of all the new landscaping  They did at Frontierland.
 You know all the plates making they did to blend the two areas  Landscaping placemaking city planning yeah the old Star Wars senators.
 We're hitting all your favorites  There's what's interesting also?  They do a very good job especially earlier in the day when you're coming into Disneyland about having all those like people on staff  Directing you to spaces and telling you where to go  I have come in later in the day  And that's an interesting thing and a weird thing only annual passholders do where you go  I'm gonna go down at nine o'clock sure I'm gonna hit the park then and it's a little more lawless  And it's a little interesting that way you can kind of go a little different routes  There's you know you can you can sort of try to park closer and no one's telling you where to go  so it's an interesting and it's it's it can be it can be very rewarding or  It can be a big pain in the ass because you go all the way around the parking garage trying to find a close spot  And there's nothing and then you got to go all the way back so it can there can be big rewards  But you also it can be very hard trying to find a spot at the end of that especially when it's later in the night  That's what I like about the at the end  That's that's that's an interesting thing to know about going later in the day if I ever were to do that but  What I do like about it early on is that they're making those decisions for you  What can yes stressful moment hunting for parking in a large?  Cavernous structure ends up being something where you're just being guided directly where to go and all you have to do is follow the leader  I think it's interesting to like sometimes if you're if they're directing you to the roof of the structure  That is a very good thing and sometimes.
 It's very bad like it seems like they load  Based on like whatever algorithm they had that tells them to load from the bottom up that day or top down that day or skip  a level like  Whatever system they had for crowd projections or like how they should fill it out  I'd like to point out also that they I agree that I think the flow in the place is great  And you rarely end up you don't really end up in a traffic jam at the end of the day which is your aim for?  Disneyland but apparently when it was  developed  Michael Eisner really specifically took credit for the flow of it  He said he like made a point of saying it's this new thing speed parking and I actually personally  Figured out how it would he did sort of?  Shaking credit and apparently for the first couple months it did not work and they had to redraw it  Oh, so whatever I did or did not lay out did not work as well as today  Well when he's on the podcast will get will give me a hard questioning about it an hour about just the parking  contributions  Well, well, what do we think? Yeah, do the regular?  the structure the so we so what we do obviously with  The rides as we say do we want to keep it as is do we want to plus it up or do we want to?  Burn it down for insurance money.
 So I'm thinking we do the same scale to do our same choices for this  I have thoughts.
 I'm sure you guys do too.
 I'll make sure that I do by the time your thoughts.
 Okay, great  Jason do you want to start or do you want me? Oh sure.
 No, I'll go ahead.
 I say I do like this parking structure  I say plus it up.
 What's are obviously doing they're building another parking structure  Go even further because I put a put a  Monterey Alcafe type restaurant.
 Oh, what are these parking structure?  I would love like if I want a quick bite to eat at the beginning or end of the day that would be a  Real treat right? I would like that a lot.
 What type of food? Oh  I would think you would want to go broad  I think you would want like either like some some sweet maybe some simple ice cream selection some sandwiches or burgers and like  Personal pizzas like personal pizzas are always agreeable.
 That seems excessive  Structure I think that would be great.
 I  Think I  Cheese or pepperoni sir like something simple.
 Sure where they don't have to customize it too much  Bring for us cafe burgers without the cafe.
 Yeah, rainforest mini  I I think maybe you could I you know  I would say maybe like a coffee kiosk or just even just a guy with coffee  Or some waters could probably clean up there.
 Yeah, yeah, that's a good idea especially in a hot day  I honestly I'm just gonna vote for keep it as is.
 I think it's very functional.
 I think it does its job  I think what you're talking about the exit also speaks to in the same way  They have escalators going directly to the levels  They have a direct exit from each level that you could you could go in your car  You don't have to circle around and and let other cars merge in which is pretty efficient.
 I think it works  Well, I think it's it's a model for what theme park parking structures should be and I'm glad they're replicating it with a second one  So is so yeah, I vote keep it as is.
 Okay.
 Wow.
 That is a good answer.
 I have  I would say plus it up and this is a silly idea  But if you can give me a little more Disney magic in the actual parking garage  Like for instance say you're walking down and like maybe every 30th parking space  They have like Doc Hudson from cars parked there  Oh, that would be fun.
 Just something like that  Like a little you don't even have to notice it every time  Maybe there's only one of the Disney's cars parked on a level each time and you got to go find them or something  Which I guess now that I'm thinking about it means you're like  Running around looking for lightning McQueen, right might not be a good idea, but I think it's fun.
 I think it's good  I think yeah, you do just little things like that  I don't want I will say this when I was a kid  I always kind of wanted the characters to be working at the parks  So once in a while Goofy's in the ticket booth when you drive up you hand him your annual pass  He fumbles around with it.
 Maybe hands you back a piece of bread or something from the thing the bread  He was eating bread in this scenario  But something like I want a little more if you give me a little more magic at the start and then on that as far as  When you're taking the tram, let's get that fence has got to go that fence has got to be I can't I don't want to see  Through it.
 I want some I don't want to see the big building.
 I want to be  Transported to a magical place and I would like a lot of theming to happen on that little journey.
 So plus it up.
 Okay, I  think  Having the levels named after the characters is good  But I think that the Disney lexicon is so deep at this point, especially with all of their recent mergers  What if every single parking space?  Has its own character  And you start stretching and it's every it's all 101 Dalmatians, right it's every  999 happy haunts.
 It's  you know  every  like every every every extra in the Avengers were pointed like you have to like zoom in to  Like somebody getting blown up in some see you like zoom into like a little pixelated head every pod racer including team topa galey  Every student quadrenneros is in there every every padawan every student from Xavier's Institute  Mm-hmm.
 All right, they're getting the X-men.
 Yeah, so I think they great specific characters  Who are the only place that they are in Canon is in these spaces Ludwig von Drake's great nephew that kind of yeah  Yeah, it can be a great source of future ideas  characters from shows that were  Greenlit to pilot by ABC and ultimately not picked up  the character Dave Chappelle played on the show  No, it wasn't called friends.
 He and Jim Brewer were on a really like vaguely titled  It may have been called neighbors or something like that get Jim Brewer the neighbor on one of those parking spaces  So deep and it's a way to honor the vast Disney ABC ESPN ESPN anchors that  Yeah  Is that Chris Berman is that one of them? Yeah, there's a rich eyes in there's a rich eyes in space  This this is fun.
 You get a deed there  You would be so bizarre if you got the same one twice, right every every every visit difference.
 There you go  It's very exciting.
 Yeah, that's a great idea.
 All right  So yeah, I think there's our there's our take on the Mickey and Friends parking strike  But if you want a sequel start demanding it now and we're happy to do so  Or maybe we wait until  Until the Avengers lot is open.
 Yeah, I think that's that's we've got our sequel already scheduled for us.
 Yeah.
 Yeah much like Marvel itself  We've got it penciled in for  One a year  Hey, well while we're here, let's do a quick thing at the end  There's a segment that we we've only done once before and I don't remember how we did it before but I believe it may have  involved a scary whisper which was  Confession land and what this segment is that's very committed to is it what this segment is is we  confess  deeply held theme park it world secrets things things that we believe that we think may be  Unpopular that we've been afraid to come out of the closet with but here we're in a safe space  And we think you we are with you listeners as well.
 So we're gonna share some unpopular theme park opinions.
 Sure  Mike, would you like to go first? Sure.
 I'll go first  I think this would get me tart and feathered if I said it outside of the place that I'm gonna talk about  Sleeping Beauty cast or she's yeah Sleeping Beauty Castle at Disneyland  Is too small  Wow, and it's sacrilegious.
 I know to say this because it was the first park.
 It's an icon of Disneyland  But what they're doing now in Hong Kong Disneyland is they're taking a very similar castle and they're plussing it up  They're making it bigger.
 They're making it a little more  Impressive.
 Mm-hmm.
 Let's do it here.
 I don't know.
 Let's do it in Disneyland  I think you know, I don't want it  I don't want you to demolish it make a totally different looking castle, but let's make some towers that are taller  Let's let's do something fun.
 Like let's we don't have to be a  Frozen in time, you know, we're taking this idea.
 Let's let's make it a little tall  It doesn't have to be giant doesn't have to be like the Cinderella castle in Florida.
 I just think let's let's fuck around with it  Yeah, I think that's fair  Do we all I don't know.
 Yeah, there's another what's everyone's feeling on that's me about that  I think it'd be a bummer to see it like closed for that's true time  And I don't like there's been bad things messing with those castles like when the Disney World one was a birthday cake  Well Jason, I love the birthday  The unpopular opinion hate the birthday cake  I watched a lot of old Disney specials on YouTube and stuff and I'm disappointed when it's a birthday cake one Nick  Do you know that I saw no what is it?  Cinderella castle and Walt Disney World into a big pink birthday cake.
 What was the occasion the 25th anniversary of Disney World?  Oh, wow.
 Okay.
 So this was this was how recent was this?  96 oh, okay.
 Wow that Disney World is that yeah, we're coming up on the 50th anniversary of Disney World Wow  Oh man, that is gaudy and tacky  Well little Jason little Mike loved it  Melting away like like that cake  Little Jason was a chubby boy.
 I don't know little Michaels excuse.
 Oh  So you were imagining eating the I was just see I was just floating towards the castle off the ground  Quick the 25th anniversary is over.
 We need someone to eat  A typical Jason dream.
 Can you do it little boy? I I will serve  This is a little bit of a tangent but on the Sleeping Beauty's castle up front a few years ago  I shot this commercial with a guy  With an actor and an older actor and he was telling me that his previous job  like he just worked a job as the major Domo in character at Sleeping Beauty's castle and  And but the for the occasion the event it was was that Lars Ulrich the drummer from Metallica his  he had a set it up where he was going to propose to his  His then is his girlfriend then fiancee  At Sleeping Beauty castle but have it be this big like in character thing and it's just like I would like I would  Specific that it was a Lars Ulrich blew my mind because it was like the least metal thing I could imagine  Yeah, because his girlfriend must have loved Disney  It was been like she was wanting to be a princess or something like that  But just the fact that he was going to these lengths to entertain Wow this the the guy behind, you know  Ride the lightning that that was yeah was ultimately where his life ended up  Like a lineup of characters and this guy was one of them  Yeah  He was he was like the I don't major to I think it's like an attendant like like they had they were like in the carriage  Like they wrote the carriage up after hours or something like that  And he was like he was like like like like you like you know your highness or whatever just sort of doted on them  And then he had a proposal to her at the storybook castle at Disneyland.
 It's very very bizarre  Oh, I have been thrown because major Domo is a yes.
 That's what I have to neo and I thought he was playing  That I pointed at Scott like oh my god, what's  Neo yeah, because I was starting to do the math of wait is Lars Ulrich a big captain  Yeah, no I think I think this was I think this is a character and I think this has some sort of royal  It's like a royal title of some sort like a royal attendant.
 I see.
 Yeah, we don't know the real time  We just know that's a character  Like the Disneyland thing  Wow, okay, well, I don't know not a big disagreement there.
 Yeah, I'll make it a cake.
 That's all right  Yeah, don't turn it.
 Okay.
 I'll be honest wouldn't mind if it was a cake  But okay, all right  I'll go okay  Nick I was thinking about you being on the show you host a very popular food podcast and this actually came up in conversation  you know how many bars and and place there are to get a drink at Disneyland a California Adventure and  I like those places and always had good food and drinks and good service  But like we're talking about the tram ride getting you into the park  I think Disney's got a  Totally revamp how they get people in and out of those bars because some of these places  They run like any bar in LA where you just if it's too crowded  You just show up and wait until a seat opens up or like the Cove Bar at California Adventure  Which is currently closed.
 It's being redone  Just has like a queue  it just has a line like a ride and and like a line people wait in until a table opens up and  That's fine.
 If I'm going to J's bar in Silver Lake, California or  On Ventura beautiful  Beautiful Studio City, California, but I expect a little more panache from Disneyland like there are like tiny  restaurants that that that will text you when your tables ready and I  Need to make  buzzers this so in the world of these magic bands to get you on the rides way in advance  How is there not a better system especially in a place like sorry where we can say  I'm gonna say this doesn't sound like a confession you're making this just sounds like a good idea  Everyone would agree with I just think I think it's a so it's it's a hole  It's it's a source especially like Trader Sam's like  Controversial opinion to have this is just a good idea you  Trouble coming up with I think they need to  Make the bars a little better in terms of getting you in there, and I'm surprised they haven't done it so far  This isn't good idea land  We like your idea, but I'm coming in soft cuz I  The first time we did this I said sometimes I miss the original California adventure and everyone  All right, but that was not see now that you just walk up to stuff cuz there were no lines, right?  I want a little of that ease no one was queued up to do the tour of the mission tortilla factory  Yeah, I was the king of that place.
 That's what I would do where I would just go again  Mine's a little more Disney  Classicist and I don't know if I don't know how you guys will feel I I don't like the dole whips  I  Had my first  With you and Lindsay and I know I I didn't dig it and maybe I do it again  Maybe I need to remind myself  But I don't know I found it to be sort of like weird and watery and Shincy and after all the build-up  I just didn't it was not the like grand perfectly crafted magical dessert that I might have imagined  I find it like that the the sort of  Therapy  Watery thing that the McDonald's soft serve comes in it feels like like what like canned peaches  Sit in it's like just the goo  It feels very I don't know it feels very can't fit  I think if you like I think if you crunch the number they charge like like  450 for that thing I think production costs of each dole whip have got to be seven cents no more  Yeah, it's pure profit right you got the float or the regular one just the regular one the regular one, okay?  I think that's right.
 Uh-huh all right, but you responded sharply to that.
 Yeah, I mean those are I love the dole whip that for me  That's the light when I go to Disneyland.
 That's a sweet treat  I've got my eye on and then I got it.
 I got to try that at some point when I'm over in it  I'm turning off Twitter notifications the day this comes out  Scott's about to get his ass ripped out  Everyone ends up just being mad at Sheridan for proposing having a more sensible view  We like the chaos  Nick you know if you get a dole whip at the Disneyland Hotel you can pay an extra markup in the poor shot of rum on it for you  Whoa, yeah, okay?  I'm into that you could so you can go play bloody mortal combat  and get hammered on rum dole whip  Which which bar is this in the it's like the coffee house.
 Oh the coffee  It's like yeah, just a quick little window at the Disneyland Hotel  You gotta come down with you got a roll with us down there  You know I 100% could that idea of making that boozy I think that's the only way you can improve that thing  Yeah, yeah, give it give it another shot Scott.
 I probably should you know what else  I think I think that the like the weight is so crazy and the fact that there is such  Look that is a congested area already in Adventureland like to me when I hit  when I'm heading into Adventureland trying to get an Indiana Jones fast pass or something and it is just  Packed to the brim with strollers  And then you run into that line that is super long and that bathroom is really credit  That's the exact zone where I think oh, maybe we shouldn't have come today  Really crazy sure so I think I'm associating it also with the with the crowd  Yeah, and and maybe just over hype  I think it was presented as you know they have these these these pineapple things, but I don't know it's like  I think Disneyland is like incredible restaurants at this point.
 I really like Napa Rose really like heart they circle  So if you see a list that's like but the number one is still the soft sir  I just don't I think it's a little over built up right yeah, yeah, it's not transcendent, but it's  As an adult I noticed the artificial taste now right but then after a while you go well the artificial taste is good right  And then it just whatever takes over.
 You're also you do you love the sugary bullshit.
 Oh, yeah, I am a  Yes, I have when we were somebody asked just on Twitter what our favorite beer it up caught was and I drank  No beer in Epcot  I just drank colorful drinks that look like those Vegas those slushy Vegas booze drinks  So like it would be like the rising Sun in Japan  And it was just like a red cherry drink that you would get like it's just a slushy with with a little booze in it  So yeah, no I like artificial bullshit.
 Yep.
 Yeah  My turn yeah, okay, all right  I got I got I got to I'll give the first one quick because I don't think it's going to be as controversial though  Some people might be upset another food one  Big  Turkey legs take a hike.
 I don't like no big turkey legs.
 I think they're gross and I think they're I  Feel like you're gonna get sick when you eat them  And I feel like I don't like what like it feels perverse to see these people just walking around these big hunks of meat  Like these kids with these giant hunks of meat these that are as big as their thighs and then as you bite into it  It's like there's like mid-rare turkey like just a little bit  They're never thoroughly cooked and it's just got to be the cheapest meat like what you're talking about with the markup for the  Dole Whip, I think it's the same sort of thing  I think they're getting those things for like ten cents a pound and and they're selling them for for a huge markup and it's  Pure profit, but I think they're disgusting you see some weird colors in those things.
 You really do  Pinks and purple right very unsettling.
 Yeah, it's like it's it's like subway meat, but it's like on a bone.
 It's really gross  It's really low grade meat Jason's been oddly quiet during  I  Castle cake giant turkey legs  I think we I think people forget they're meant to be shared in terms of the size  Wow, some of that color and though are you sharing it? Right? I don't get it that much.
 I mean, I think it's  It's not one of my go-tos anymore  But at a certain point it was oh, yeah around 11 or 12.
 Yeah, I put one of those babies away  I think I think they're I think they're for kids but also but maybe kids should be eating them  I would pay a hundred dollars for a photo of you at 11 with a giant  I can't see  I I've never had one.
 Yeah, I don't had one  I think a turkey leg can be good if you get like that the leg at a Thanksgiving dinner  That can be you know, you get a well a well-cooked turkey, but I just the theme park for right  I would stay away from but yeah, I was just gonna say I think this is not that controversial here  But I do think like that is a big thing with a lot of people.
 There's a shirt.
 There's a new shirt  I just saw that it's like turkey  It says turkey leg and you can get it Disney now  So it's so popular that they listed on the in the thing where you list like the all the Jackson 5  Like Michael and Tito and germaine.
 Yeah  Yeah, like churro and turkey leg as well  Maybe multiple sure  With like churro and Mickey ice cream bar and yeah  So so it's like a thing as much as we don't care  I do think that like it pulled well enough in like surveys of like would you wear a shirt that?  Probably talked about eating a giant turkey leg and people like yeah, I'm sure there are people who love it  I do remember on a fairly recent visit to Disneyland  I saw like a like a 30 something dude wearing like a nightmare before Christmas hoodie and then a Jack Sparrow like Mickey hat  With like the dreadlocks and then it carrying a big turkey leg and he was having more fun than I'd ever had it  Yeah, like a big shit, right?  But but so that's that's my one opinion  But my other one that I think will be a lot more controversial and I think will may even make me a priya  to listen podcast  Not into fireworks.
 Oh  I think they're I think they create a  Their necks up to look at it to gawk it at things or maybe if they don't have an ideal  Angle in addition to all people just just staking out various places to sit and stand and watch it  I don't like that  there's like that they've created that as a profit center for the park that like you can buy like a  Good seats to watch like the world of color or you can buy like a little picnic basket to watch it  I I to me it's like that's that's not what's fun about a theme park is is finding some place to sit and look at  I just like I want to like go on attractions and I don't like that  It's positioned as this big thing at the end of the day and I think it just kind of  To me it disrupts the park way too much the fact that this event exists  So just to be clear when you say fireworks world of showcase or world of world color.
 Jesus Christ  We've been recording for what feels like four hours now talking about the garage  I've supplied you guys with your longest dullest episode  World yeah, so world of color does not have does it have fireworks like you're saying any sort of show outdoors  Oh a firework sort of thing.
 No, no, I know I'm just saying so you said you didn't like fireworks  I'm just your blanket saying sort of any of the live shows and like fantastic doesn't really have fireworks  But it has like pyro effects  I may I may have been conflating them all under the sort of the sort of nighttime night time spectacular  Yeah, I think the whole nighttime spectacular thing.
 I'm not really into I understand there for families  I understand there for kids  but I just see so much of the park getting roped off when they're going to happen and I and I just feel like there's  such a disruption and  And I like I'd like to I'm fine with stumbling upon them  Like I'm fine if fireworks are just happening, but I'd like it being a big to do.
 I'm just not into it  Hmm.
 I'll say one in and when we did this before was like just shows and parade  Yeah, and I forget if I threw fireworks into there, but I yeah, I definitely agree, but I you know what?  I'm glad they  They had the bad thing is that they create a bottlenecks and bad credit flow  Good thing is it eats up a lot of people and that's a good time to hit rides, right?  You can get on Space Mountain sure if you plan accordingly last time we were there  We were I don't know what I fell asleep at the wheel as far as planning  But we kept running into shows and parades and it was very frustrating  So I get that concern but I will say if the shower parade is right the Disney magic  I mean if we saw the Main Street Electrical Parade when it came back  Tremendous, I mean, it's so great to see that.
 There's a certain I don't forget what the fireworks show is now  But there is one that there's one that was like during the 60th  Celebrated like all the movies and that one's like fine, but then there's one that like is just about the theme parks  So like sitting with everybody watching fireworks  But then playing like Haunted Mansion and Pirates of the Caribbean and then like having these new projections they have on the castle  I mean, it's a it's a magical time  Come on.
 Yeah, so good selling.
 Yeah, it's like an uncle guilting us  Has Mc but then that takes the boats out of Commission for the night and right in the Mark Twain around at night  And that's I think that's a missed opportunity for that giant body water at California Adventure  They never put any boats on that add some real kinetic energy to that part of the park.
 That's a good idea.
 Yeah  And you don't like the Mark Twain repurposed when all the characters are on it later too cuz that takes you out of the illusion that  It's just from the turn of the century.
 I think it's a little disrespectful.
 I  Think they're having a little too much fun for my taste  We've got streamers down guys.
 We've talked about it  I think before on this but Jason has a certificate because he drove the Mark Twain.
 Oh, yeah  I got the captain the Mark Twain one time.
 That's fun.
 Yeah his birthday.
 It was great talking.
 It was my birthday years ago  Yeah, when you were a child, yeah, you just like you were really you want to talk about a pig and shit  Yeah, I got a side of guest book there's a guest book up there oh man, yeah  Yeah, that's pretty great only way to improve it as if the Mark Twain was made a cake  We need you to drive it and eat it when you're  That is going to 100% your his dream tonight, oh, yeah, he falls asleep  I don't think we're at the point where we have listeners who would do fan art yet  I don't think anybody's that committed.
 I think the free time you call it right calling the shot now  There's somebody will drive and ask for this.
 I want artwork of Jason driving the cake mark 20  My first request to the audience if there is one  Maybe a bit ambitious to start with I'll say if you want to put in all of the phantasmic characters  No, no, I'm not having that oh wait, yeah, no wait, that's against her it's here that alright it'll add time anyway  Have you listened to nothing?  Do you understand my whims or not?  Yeah, all right fan art.
 It's time.
 I'm calling.
 I like that  Podcast arc where it doesn't like naturally happen.
 Oh, right.
 Somebody did a drawing of me.
 I'm like, yeah arts now  Here's what it is get to work.
 I  Think that's right.
 I think that's good  We haven't been aggressive about anything else in our lives and this time now it's time for that now it's time to demand  Alright well on that note Nick wager you survived podcast the ride.
 Thank you so much for being here.
 It was a blast  Yeah, thank you so much.
 Yeah, three and a half hours  Avatar land weights worth  Anything you'd like to plug or direct people to  If they made it hey, you know check out doughboys the podcast about chain restaurants  We have new episodes every Thursday host it with my friend and previous guest of podcast the ride Mike Mitchell  So give that a listen if you like if you like  Hearing two men talk about food.
 I had a very funny realization earlier  Which is if people listen to this but have not listened to doughboys yet  They will spend a few minutes at the top of the show going who is this guy Mitch? They're really ragging on  The assumption that we know all his opinions at the same time I guess he was on our show  Yeah, I guess that's true.
 Yeah, but I also find it  I feel like probably a ton of our audience has to be doughboys fans already and and rightfully so and thanks for  Yeah, thanks.
 Thanks for doing a little merger here.
 Of course.
 My pleasure is a blessed  Hey, you can please  Rate us and then subscribe on iTunes and give us comments and reviews  Podcast the ride on Twitter and Instagram  any anything else for this and  Let's get that fan.
 Let's get the fan art  I mean if we could have multiple people doing different art from different perspective like everyone can bring their own art style to it  I think that would be great  Maybe split up where somebody does just like the black and white and somebody else fills in the color, right?  There's a way to ease the burden.
 I think I'll also throw this in cotton candy smoke poofs coming  Yeah of the boat.
 Oh  Also, can we have on the dock waiting for the boats arrival a Scott Gardner enjoying a dual whip  Thought bubble I was wrong  I'm eating this and my own shit and  Meanwhile there is on in a canoe is Mike Carlson with the thought bubble  Imagining the old cake castle that he missed so much  This is getting very elaborate  It'll be worth it when someone to lose.
 We're gonna need to pay a commission soon enough  We'll talk payment later.
 Yeah, I know I don't know we said all the things so yeah, just hey, thanks for listening