 Warning! Today's episode may include Kafka-esque theatrical kidnappings, robots who paint in blood, and cannonballs that don't pay no mind.
 Eva Anderson helps us spread our golden wings and fly to the American adventure on today's Podcast The Ride.
  Hello and welcome to Podcast The Ride, the podcast hosted by three men who would rather enter the basketball court inside the Matterhorn than Christ's kingdom of heaven.
  It's a long walk.
 I'm Scott Gairdner and I'm joined by Mike Carlson.
  I have thought about how cool it would be to play basketball in there, and I don't.
 I'm a bad athlete, I'm bad at basketball, but.
.
.
  I bet everyone who has played in that is terrible.
 I bet it's a land for non-athletes.
 Except for those Matterhorn mountain climbers.
 They're athletic.
  Yes, they're very athletic.
 So yeah, anyway.
  You know, if we don't acknowledge the other host, then does he get to talk?  Oh, good point.
 We could cut him out, we could ice him out.
  Does he really have the power? No, he will.
 Hey, we gotta get him in on this.
 It's Jason Sheridan.
  Hi, this is my greatest fear, when everyone just turns on me.
  I knew it was coming, I've prepared for it, I've spent a lot of time thinking about it.
  You have your own, like, theme park podcast logo made up for when you split off because we've iced you out?  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, when you go to just Jason's theme time.
 Jason's theme park.
  Jason's theme time.
 So I guess it's just me now.
  Yeah, that's my intro every episode.
 It's very off-putting and people hate it.
  Also the name of your album, your first musical album.
 It's just me now.
  It's just me now.
  Just you glum in a sweater.
  Yeah, the cover is, yeah.
 Well, the back cover is me in a sweater, the front cover is me in a tuxedo, but the bowtie's undone.
  Cigarette.
 I'm sort of like a Seth MacFarlane type.
  But at the end of the night, the show didn't go well, everyone walked out.
  Yeah.
 All right, and there is a fourth joining us.
 We're very happy to have her.
 A great writer and performer from Comedy Bang Bang and You're the Worst.
 It's Eva Anderson.
  Hey, guys.
  Hey.
  Thank you so much for being here.
 We're so excited to have you.
  I'm so excited to be here.
  Oh, man.
 There's so much to talk about.
 I feel like I've heard rumors of your theme park lore and backstory, and you seem in general like just a big fan of insane experiences out in the world.
  Yeah.
  As are we, so yeah.
  But you're braver about them than we are.
 You'll do some interesting stuff, scary stuff, immersive stuff where it seems like you're getting abducted or there's a prowler at the door.
  I had a, like two years ago, I bought a subscription service where this immersive theater company did a play in my life, and they came to my house at six in the morning and arrested me in a Kafka-esque fashion.
  Wow.
 Oh, my God.
  They were all young people who lived in Orange County.
  So aware of the not characters you were dealing with.
  Yeah.
  They brought you into a van and took you somewhere?  No, they showed up at my house, and they were like, you were under arrest for crimes.
 And it was fucking incredible.
  And then they sent me to my room to change into my finest to meet the inspector.
  And I did.
 And while I was in my room, they hid things all over my house that I had to find later.
  I feel like one of your roommates told me, like, yeah, every now and then a strange box will show up.
  Oh, Lisa.
  Yeah, Lisa will just be like, yeah, there'll be a strange box every now and then, and we just assume it's an Eva thing.
  Yeah.
  You also prepare to meet the inspector.
 Fuck no.
  No, no, I have to go to work.
  I know.
 So I did that for a while.
 And then that theater company moved to San Francisco without ever finishing my story.
  Oh, no, they might be back, though.
  This might be the it's a long con kind of thing.
  Yeah.
 What is it?  It is too long.
  You don't think this is the prestige is not coming, right?  That's the end of a magic.
  What if they had figured out what if we revealed to you that we were part of this and that this is the finishing part of the group from La Mirada.
  Yeah, we're from La Mirada.
  And we started this podcast as a way to con you into getting here.
  And now we're revealing the finale.
  Oh, my God.
 Immersive actress Dolores Quintana walks out in the hallway.
  Hi.
  Dolores, not yet.
 We just mentioned you.
 Get back.
  Dolores is an old friend of Jason's.
  Oh, my God.
  What if you guys pretended to be interested in theme parks week after week?  Hoping that I would listen to the podcast.
  To lure me in.
  All right.
 Step one.
 She's in.
  Very predictable.
 We learned everything.
  Oh, man.
  OK.
 Yeah.
 So all right.
 So you've there.
 Yeah.
 You've been involved in immersive theater world.
  You also you grew up getting to experience some like the kinds of Disney experiences that will still today make us insanely jealous.
  I feel like I mean, you know, prepared to hear some some very genuine gasps, I suppose.
  Yes.
  I'm not trying to I'm aware of my privilege.
 I want to say that up top.
  Right.
 Like I know that this is not normal and that it's by talking about it, it might be like annoying.
  I don't know.
 You're you.
 Well, if you're if you're appreciative.
  Oh, yes.
 Highly.
  Yeah.
 It's all in the attitude.
 If you're saying like, yeah, of course, I got to do these cool things, then then people will be mad.
  But if you're saying I'm so humbled by the experience to have done, you know, like whatever you're about to say, you know, I think people would be like generally happy for you that you got to do it.
  Oh, I don't need people to be happy.
 Oh, OK.
 Never mind.
 I don't want to be mad.
  Oh, yeah.
 I don't want to be.
 Got it.
 Got it.
  It would be insane that that is someone that is what made someone bad.
  Aren't you happy for me? I demand that you're happy for listeners.
  Please be happy for you.
  Well, yeah, I'm look, I'm not sure how to get into it.
 I just I know like you guys like it's it's all like a hushed secret.
  Like I heard that Eva went to the.
 Yeah, we I guess you would mention to me and Scott, like some of the things you got to do.
  Well, I guess we should first say you have a family connection.
  Yeah.
 So my dad is Harry Anderson, who was on Night Court and Cheers, and he worked for Disney through the in the 80s and 90s.
  OK, on and off.
 He was the absent minded professor in the new version of it on TV in 88.
  And then there was like a sequel, I think probably in 89 or 90, which you reminded me of.
  And he is like he has like a like a computer assistant.
 Yeah, there's a trailer.
  If you Google it, it's fucking great.
 He has like a computer friend named Albert who talks.
  He's on like the screen of a tiny, tiny Apple computer, like a grayscale, a grayscale animated like Albert Einstein character.
  Who's like, yes, you should call it flubber.
  It's just very available.
 Just Google away.
  I like that he the computer, the professor doesn't get to figure out that it's flubber.
  A computer has to word analyze and figure it out for.
  Oh, I see flubber.
 He got the idea from a computer saying the idea.
  Right.
 OK, OK.
 And what like what else in Disney World?  I feel like I do remember him from like from a lot of like specials.
  He hosted a lot of or like appeared in a lot of specials, I think.
  Sure.
 OK.
 Which I should say, I don't think I've talked to you about this,  that the specific special that he hosted, the Disneyland story is my very favorite one that ever I am.
  I am an aficionado of like at this point, dozens and dozens of Disney specials of various kinds.
  And this was the one that I taped off the TV, wore it out.
  Like I remember every commercial brand.
 I remember the specific like Sizzlers commercials.
  I don't know at all what it's about.
  Don't know.
 I was hoping this would be the case.
  It's very complicated.
 Mike and I have also watched it, but I watched it.
  We're not nearly as deep as Scott is on this.
  I specifically love the last 10 minutes.
  But Scott, I'll let you build to that.
 The last minutes are very specific.
  Here I have it in front of me and I can flip through.
 I'm very excited to get to explain this to you for the first time.
  I'm very excited to see it.
 We open on the Disneyland railroad station and your father.
  Oh, he's in a fedora and trench coat.
  I feel like he had kind of like an old timey air and a lot of things.
  Yeah, that was his look.
 Sure, sure.
  So he is in the back of a train and it's like a special car and a special train that is going to like not just do the regular route.
  But instead take you through the history of Disneyland and through time.
  The thing I don't want to put on Mike here so I can just keep talking is that this is all set to the Back to the Future music.
  Not Disney property.
 Not Disney property.
  And I was so messed up and I love this thing so much that in my mind it was always it.
  Oh, like when I saw Back to the Future, I was like, oh, it's the Disneyland story music.
  This is in something else.
 That's how backwards.
 I love this special so much.
  I love that.
 And then I'm very excited you get to see this for the first time.
  Here's your dad traveling through time through the history of Disneyland and like the time train at the end of Back to the Future 3 sparkles.
  Old analog sparkles.
 Yeah, like lighting up the room.
  Maybe some glow purple.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Like neon.
 Oh, it's like he's going to die.
  Like still lightning bolts.
 It's like aha Take on Me level technology.
  He passed a calendar that said February.
  A tunnel that took him through the space with the Star Tours warp.
  And now he is in awe of the history of Disneyland.
  There's Maleficent.
 He just passed Walt.
  There's a lot of just mouthing wow.
 He's just pointing.
  Yeah, yeah.
 He's doing good.
  This is it's so much fun.
 Just look this up on YouTube.
 Enjoy it on your own time.
  Oh yeah, I will.
 And show your father's work.
  Now the thing for me that where this special really takes gets me is the last like 10 minutes.
  He's like here's what's coming soon to Disneyland.
  And it is all these attractions and most of them never happened.
  What are they? Dick Tracy's Crime Stoppers.
  Oh, you guys have mentioned that.
 The shooting game?  The shooting game.
 Yeah, where you would shoot criminals in a police car.
  Oh man.
 We were such a Dick Tracy family that would have been so dope.
  Oh man.
 I think it would really stand out today the way that.
  Well, another thing that they talked about was like more.
  You ended up with Toontown and you ended up with the Roger Rabbit cartoon spin ride.
  But I think there would have been a ton more.
 Like an entire Roger Rabbit world.
  Oh wow.
 And Roger Rabbit and Dick Tracy were both very odd because they didn't like.
  They didn't maintain.
 Like their standing in Disney culture.
  No.
 So it dropped off right after this special basically.
  But it's so crazy because Roger Rabbit I would argue is like one of the best.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It was a huge hit.
 It's like E.
T.
 where there was no.
 Because there are no further films.
  Well there's kind of less of a way to keep it alive.
  The Roger Rabbit last little because they had like they would did a short with the baby.
  Yeah.
 So like their baby Herman.
 And then the ride is Disneyland.
  Oh yeah.
 You're like a baby Herman's carriage.
 Yes.
  That gets out of control.
 So Roger floated along for a while.
  There's been rumors.
 There was a rumor for a long time that they were going to remake an old Hope and Crosby movie with Mickey and Roger.
  Which is a great idea.
 That didn't happen.
  I think there was there was going to be like a great movie ride out here or more Hollywood themed stuff that never got built.
  Well alien encounter out here.
 It's just like one by one he takes you into the future and goes up to the year 2000 and lists many many things none of which I think not a single one in the list.
  And you wonder Disney does a lot of that like kind of preannouncing plans even in specials which I wonder if that's partially to generate interest in it and like gauge fan interest in.
  Well now it's only like if the money is ready.
 Now it's only like if something is going to happen.
  But they also suppose the rumors are that they gauge interest now on podcasts.
 They leak information to podcasters.
  I won't say who but they'll leak information out and then they'll get a like a test from the audience to see if people online are mad or not.
  And then they proceed with or they pull the plans back.
  Such as it was recently announced that the Disney Hollywood Studios was maybe going to be called Disney Cinemagine Park which is a bizarre horrible name.
  I don't like that at all.
  But it was but they said no it's not happening but there was a whole rumor leak about it and then all of a sudden people must have been like irate like we all just were.
  That's how we are show up being irate.
 Oh no that's bad.
  And then they said no we're going to we're going to keep the name Hollywood Studios.
  So let's keep being vocal about everything to see if it affects.
 I'm going to show you one more part of this special.
  So he is talking about we're in the haunted mansion era of Disneyland history and the Imagineers are gauging whether it will be a funny ride or a scary ride.
  And then there's this.
  In the end the mansion becomes more light than fright.
 Kind of a happy haunting ground for the whole family.
  Good.
 Now I can go there with my five year old.
 Otherwise she'd have to go alone.
  Oh, I was five.
  Okay.
 I wasn't sure if there was a sibling if there's a little brother.
  Oh, okay.
 Yeah, but that's it.
 Oh, that's so cool.
  There you go.
 You're joking this.
 But this thing that I watched religiously when I was like five months ago.
  So sweet.
 Yeah.
  I love that.
 So yeah.
 Big fan of that.
 It's very exciting to show you that.
  I can't wait to watch it later and see all the things that he talks about that never happened.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That part is really fun.
 In general it's like a really it's a fun little like jaunt through Disneyland history that kind of spells it out for a kid.
  But that sets you up to then go on every website known to man and discover every specific date everything opened and who designed it all.
  And this started me on the road to ruin.
  It seems like it had a decent budget.
 Like some of these specials we have watched or talked about like have been pretty slapdash.
  And this one is the opposite.
  If they in fact paid for the Back to the Future.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Unless it's sound alike enough and we just are filling in the blank.
  Just assuming.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No.
 No.
 It's literally.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
  Yeah.
 Sort of odd culture clash.
  So your first visit to Disneyland was it just as a normal civilian or was it a.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
  And also my I think my first visit to well maybe now this is five year old because my mom told me the first time.
  So we I grew up in L.
A.
 I went there when I was little.
  We went I just rode Dumbo or whatever.
  Sure.
  There was like a family lore which I don't know if it's true.
  And my because I love my dad but he can be a bit of a fabulous.
  I think I know that word.
 You know fabulous.
 Okay.
  Sure.
 Flights of fancy.
 I see.
 Yes.
  He claims that in high school he worked at Disneyland and he was in the goofy suit and he got fired for being on acid on Tom Sawyer's Island in the suit hiding behind a tree.
  And so scandalous information.
 I know.
 You listen to the show you know what that does to us.
  But also that might not be true.
 Okay.
  So a fun story he likes to tell.
 Right.
 Because he was and also he was underage for like the job or maybe he wasn't.
  I think he was underage for he lied about his age.
  So yeah because my dad grew up here he went to North Hollywood High nearby.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
 And then he lived in Orange County and worked at all the parks.
  He worked at Japanese Deer Garden.
 Have you guys learned about that.
  Is it a Buena Park thing.
 Yeah.
  It was like an animal park that briefly existed by Knott's Berry Farm I guess.
  Is it.
 I've seen photos of some weird attraction where there's like people in mascot costumes of Japanese people.
  Yes.
 And that is horrible.
 That's it.
 That's the Japanese Deer Garden.
  Okay.
 Deer Garden?  Yeah.
 It had been miniature I guess miniature Japanese deer.
  I one time found because he worked there too and there's another story about that.
  He got bit by a Black Widow spider.
  Oh God.
  Maybe it was his friend.
 I don't know.
  But anyway I was in Chinatown once and I found a like memorial plate from this this attract this park.
  So it did exist.
 Okay.
  And it's I don't think it was very short-lived.
 I think I researched a little bit and it was like a yeah it had a bear that would do tricks and I had like yeah it was just like a Japanese themed animal park.
  Wow.
 Weird.
 Yeah.
 Sixties.
  And I worked at a lot of oddities.
 For sure.
 Like the wax museum that's kind of been nothing for a long time.
  Is there nothing in there? I drove past it because I you guys know I because I tweeted at you that I did what you said Scott.
  Oh yeah.
  And I was driving up from Orange County from San Diego where I was buying actually a piece of art by a Disney watercolor.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
 I based on your on the podcast.
  Oh man.
  I'd been researching because of the Van Leeuwen.
 Is that the Van Leeuwen?  Van Een Gallery.
  Van Een Gallery.
  I was researching as I was buying a gift for my boyfriend I was researching different fine art by like Disney by watercolor California watercolorist.
  Okay.
  And it turns out that I didn't know this history but in the 40s and 50s Walt bought basically bought his own watercolor school.
  So because he wanted to like have a bunch of watercolorists at the go for all of the collectives paint all the backgrounds and be animators.
  And like have people ready to go like as and especially as these like moving people to the parks or whatever else.
  Yeah.
  Like have like people ready to fill the town halls I guess.
  So he invested a ton of money in this watercolor school.
  So if you were like a watercolor artist from anywhere in the country you end up in California going to the school which then merged and became CalArts.
  CalArts right.
  Which still feeds the system.
  Oh.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  So anyway I bought.
  Wait so it was there or like like was it literally that campus in Valencia or whatever or.
  I don't know where the original I think might have been Pasadena.
  Weird.
  But yeah.
  So I bought a painting by a guy named Art Riley who did a bunch of like seascapes but he also painted backgrounds for Bambi and a bunch of other like yeah the original movies.
  So cool.
  Those people are no joke.
  Those original artists are so great.
  It's cool and it's a if you Google the guy Art Riley it's a seascape but it looks like a Disney background.
  It's really cool.
  Oh cool.
  Oh amazing.
  So I was driving up from there and I was like there's traffic and I was by Knott's Berry Farm and I was like I could just according to the podcast not go in but just hang out near and see what's around.
  For free.
  Parking free.
  I mean you got to buy the food and the drinks and everything but how did it go?  How was your how was your time?  It was fun.
  I walked around I went in all the little shops.
  I had some soup which was not good.
  And a and a boysenberry beer.
  Oh yeah.
  Which you were iffy on.
  A little sweet but also it's nice that the chicken restaurants expanded enough that there's like other you didn't have to wait at all.
  I just went in.
  Yeah there's a ton of rooms and yeah if you go at an odd time I think that's a that's a legit bar.
  I think it's very nice in there.
  I don't think I think they didn't they they retained the like old timey charm I feel.
  I still haven't been to the new renovated.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  I don't know it was like it kind of looked like it was maybe not a good time a good type of chintzy was maybe like a little retirement home.
  Yeah I made you feel old.
  But that was how the old like the old Mrs.
 Knotts chicken restaurant was like had not been renovated in like 60 years.
  Yeah.
  So that's always that's part of the charm is that it was kind of a dump.
  Yeah but the one time I ate there there was like a really really old angry woman at the table next to me just like senile and bitter there with her family and didn't seem to be having fun.
  And I was like well no wonder you're in like the nursing home dining room.
  Oh yes.
  That's exactly how it fit.
  Yeah yeah yeah and sort of like spare and like old surfaces that you never see that are very 60s and when I went well you were there for that that brunch right?  Yes we went to a breakfast brunch or yeah breakfast like buffet.
  Andrew Grissom.
  And there was the biggest piece of meat I had ever seen.
  What was it was a ham or something.
  Yeah.
  It was just a ham and it would look like it was I'm trying to think of it like a suitcase size of it was just like rotating there and it just I don't think I don't think any of us ate any of it.
  It was just it was filet.
  It was a dead Snoopy.
  I mean it was bigger than Snoopy.
  I think it was like Charlie Brown's mom or something.
  It was bigger than it was crazy.
  So yeah.
  And you were scouting the hotel.
  I didn't walk in.
  I just looked it's so gross.
  It was like so dirty and gross from the outside.
  Yeah yeah and there's like kind of an odd like there's like a there's a wedding area with a gazebo but then it's just it's not like a little manicured garden.
  It's just sort of pavement.
  Oh no.
  Yeah amber amber waves the restaurant.
  I can see the sign for amber waves.
  Oh you know I have no complaints about amber waves.
  I had a good I had a good drink in the amber waves.
  We had a good drink up amber waves.
  The Friday.
  Did you go to the Friday the TGI Friday.
  I marveled at it.
  Yeah yeah.
  That's all you need to do.
  Behind the candy store like indoors where the bathrooms are there's like a weird mill installation that Walter not put there with like a plaque being like yes the mill wheel.
  Yes it's weird.
  It's a little room right.
  Yeah yeah it's a room with like weird foliage leading to the bathrooms and then this is it's hot right.
  It's like humid.
  It's very humid in there.
  Yeah it feels like you're probably to keep the plants nice.
  It feels like you're in like at the county fair like one of the horticultural pavilions.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  When I was on sheds at the fair location that stays there for like even when the fair is closed.
  The.
  Yeah.
  And also George Washington's fireplace George Washington's mantle is there.
  Look it's I.
  You know I'll end up talking about it on many an episode.
  Going out and going to park.
  If we're talking about something being dumpy and chintzy that doesn't mean don't go there.
  Yeah yeah.
  I was I had a great time.
  That means get in your car right now and go.
  But we should clarify this is not one of the the amazing privilege experiences Eva got.
  Oh yes.
  A common Southern California thing.
  You do all the time.
  If you if traffic is just so insanely bad as it often is sometimes you just hunker down at a bar or restaurant for a little while until it clears up.
  Yeah.
  You don't have to be not very far.
  Yeah.
  You don't have to be a captain of industry to go see George Washington's mantle.
  It's an experience waiting for all of you.
  One more thing I noticed while I was there right now they're doing a peanuts sort of peanuts experience at Knott's Berry Farm where you can meet all the characters from peanuts.
  And they aren't always doing they're always there but I think there's like a celebration you're talking about like peanuts.
  Yeah.
  Special themed snacks around the park.
  And there's like a peanuts land in one area where you can meet and get pictures with Charlie Brown and and Linus and Snoopy and Lucy.
  But they if you go on the website you can find this pig pen is just in Old West Town in the livery barn.
  Separate from his friends.
  Yeah he's in the fucking livery barn and they just say in the livery barn and he's just like standing there covered by like dirt and there's like clouds of dust around him like that are drawn.
  And you can get a picture with him but you have to know that he's in this other area and there's no I don't know how you would know that.
  That's odd.
  Yeah.
  You aren't reading the park literature.
  Yeah.
  In this barn we eat pig pen in a simulated filth.
  He eats from a trough.
  It's like where the freak show freaks have to stay on the road.
  Also not a thing like not a cliche about children that they're so filthy they never are clean.
  Like he's like the weirdest of all the I read I was googling I was reading the Wikipedia pig pen and I guess Charles Charles Schultz was embarrassed that he created pig pen because wow.
  Ultimately he was like his least favorite character because he only had one game character game right.
  It made no sense.
  Oh oh yeah because what is his personality outside.
  And it was like he was so popular and he was like I wish I hadn't made this.
  He was a dirty boy.
 Like this cursed dirty boy what hath I wrought.
  Everywhere I looked there's kids with flies around them going around them in perfect circles.
  Yeah leaving lines visible lines behind them.
  I mean the subtext I don't think I'm making this or this isn't my original thought but he was a poor kid.
  Right.
  Like that's maybe the subject but eventually it became a thing where he would bathe and then the dust would appear immediately.
  Was the genetic condition that he was dirty.
  Yeah just more like some curse like a gypsy curse.
  Yeah.
  Wow I didn't realize magic.
  So like Tim Allen Santa Claus when he would shave the beard it would come right back so like he would wipe the wash the dirt away.
  It's really grim.
  At one point he like keeps part of his body clean long enough to like woo a girl in one comic.
  This is all in the Wicca sheet.
  A struggle we can all relate to right.
  Anyway he's in the livery barn you can meet him.
  Check him out he's almost always there he's not part of the celebration that's just his cage.
  Jesus Christ.
  If he hasn't lost his spirit if he hasn't just like huddled in the corner maybe he'll come say hi.
  He's docile.
  Okay but so alright well we got onto it and someday we'll talk about the American Adventure.
  We'll get in there for you know the last 10 minutes or so.
  Yes.
  Okay so you're the rest of your Disneyland upbringing.
  Okay so so my dad was working for Disney so the craziest thing was that in I believe it was 89 or 90 we flew to Disney World and were there for the opening of MGM Studios.
  Because my dad did the I think he was the because his character was a judge he like marshaled the opening and he his handprints are in front of the Grawman's.
  Oh wow.
  Yeah so that was insane we flew in like a weird plane with like Kevin Costner.
  Oh wow.
  And we're there for that and then after that we went four more times over the years to Orlando and we had like the crazy we had guides.
  Okay.
  So we had a vacation but we had like the guides that let you in the back and we never waited in line.
  Oh man.
  And so the things that were crazy that happened during that time was one is that in the lounge celebrity lounge waiting to go on Honey I Shrunk the audience.
  We met Roger Ebert with Chaz and the kids.
  He gave us all of the Oscar predictions that he had for the next week when Forrest Gump was up.
  He did not think Tom Hanks would win.
  Wow.
  Peter Fonda would win for Uli's gold.
  But then after the movie was over he turned to us and gave it gave it a thumbs up.
  Wow.
  For a he gave Honey I Shrunk the audience a thumbs up.
  Yeah.
  Was he there to do were their cameras capturing that was he there to do that only.
  I think he was on a vacation and like he we both got put in the same lounge.
  The thing about Disney World it's like if have you guys ever done a guide at Disneyland.
  Have you ever been in that position because it's like at Disneyland they were never built for to have special guests.
  So you just walk in the exit in front of everyone if you want if you're not good.
  Florida like actively built for VIP.
  Yeah.
  It's like special entrances special rooms that you hang out in and then like entrances where no one sees you get on the ride.
  So it's like this crazy like system.
  Oh I've heard I worked for this Disney owned company and like the CEO of it got to like was when it got on the Haunted Mansion and there's like a room of the Haunted Mansion and not just a waiting room but like a room with a painting gag that's only for VIP.
  Wow really.
  There's a separate start to the ride.
  I don't remember but I'm sure I saw that.
  That's crazy.
  We've talked about on the show that those are the corporate there's corporate lounges at Epcot for these different companies.
  So I don't know if you got to go did you get to go in the corporate lounge or there different lounges.
  Well for a new one like Honey I Shrunk the Audience I think this was just like for VIPs.
  Right.
  But I bet I bet I went in the Exxon lounge.
  Yes that's what I'm asking if you got to go and hang with the Exxon employees.
  I definitely did.
  I definitely went on the Exxon ride and I definitely did a walk out when it broke.
  Oh yeah.
  Is that what it's called?  Oh really?  Yeah I walked through the dinosaurs once which was great.
  Wow that's great.
  And then okay here's a couple other crazy things that happened.
  Road Tower of Terror with Alan Menken.
  Wow.
  On the way out Alan Menken turns to us and says pretty good needs a song though.
  Oh wow.
  And Menken forecasting what would happen to the when the Guardians of the Galaxy ride would take over and they just added songs to it.
  So really he was 20 years ahead.
  But I think he was also being funny about how Twilight Zone has this very good song.
  I see.
  Oh yeah.
  And he was he was he was being like.
  Oh he was downplaying the yes the famous ride.
  Yeah he was like I'm cool.
  And then the third crazy thing I did was I got to take a tour of the animation studios and see an automatic of Beauty and the Beast before it came out.
  It was crazy.
  Wow.
  So those are all very privileged experiences I had and I want you all to be happy for me.
  I swear I am.
  I swear.
  The the like the entire film Beauty and the Beast.
  No it was just a scene.
  It was the scene where where he the where he gets hurt after he gets hurt going into the woods to help her and then like he yells at her.
  And and it was like Robbie Benson and what's what Pedro Jara's voice is and just like drawings like and we just got to watch him in like a little screening room.
  Do you remember being confusing to watch because I feel like I've seen like Disney animatics or so like pencil scratch.
  But it was like interesting I mean and we also got to see like the very early CGI of the because I think the the chandelier was a very early computer animated effects.
  Oh right.
  So we got to see that too.
  Wow.
  And I got to walk around just kind of see like editors animators cubicles where they would have like funny little like inside jokes that they attacked on the outside but it was like they were such great artists that they all looked really amazing.
  So that was a great experience.
  Did any characters leap off the page and wink at you?  It was like them drawing each other like unflatteringly.
  Oh wow.
  It was like that was what it was mostly.
  It was like oh someone had sketched like Rob and stuck it on his cubicle and he was like oh man.
  And but you know it was still like hand drawn I don't know how much hand drawn animation still happens there now.
  I think there is no animation studio now.
  They were still doing it up until I think like a lot of Mulan happened there's a movie like look we're plenty researched but there's I want to say Mulan or something is was done entirely at MGM Studios.
  I think that's right.
  Yeah.
  But there's nothing there anymore really.
  They closed that whole studio there in Florida.
  Isn't it weird that Orlando had to pretend to have a film industry for the sake of pumping up these parts?  Yes it is funny because Eisner wanted people not to go to Universal Studios.
  So that's why there was a back lot at Hollywood Studios.
  It's so weird.
  But why did they ever film anything at Universal either?  Like why just declare out for no reason Orlando is Hollywood East?  Well I think they thought that people would be like okay if it's themed like a studio we'd better see some movies being shot here.
  Like no one cares.
  When people don't give a shit.
  I just want to go on rides right?  Yeah I just want to go on rides.
  Like that was I was watching some video on YouTube and it pointed out that like yeah the back lot at Disney MGM Studios was next to an attraction called Catastrophe Canyon that was constantly exploding every 12 minutes.
  So not a great shooting environment in terms of like pristine audio quality.
  Yeah.
  I have a couple very specific memories of places I haven't researched but I know they were there.
  Uh huh.
  There was a restaurant where you would eat in a person's living room.
  Do you guys know what this is?  Oh yeah the 50s primetime cafe.
  Yeah and there would be a mean.
  This all leads up to like the reason I pay people to like come to my house and yell at me.
  Because my favorite thing about that was there was an actress who was mom and she would yell at everyone.
  And you are the cousins.
  Like you are not the children.
  You're the cousin.
  Did you guys ever go to this?  Yes I did when I was little.
  Is it still around?  Oh yeah.
  Yeah it is.
  Is it the same deal?  Yeah it is.
  Same deal.
  We didn't go last time.
  You walk in the bar is themed after dad's study.
  So you can just sit and have a drink in dad's study in the bar.
  That's so cool.
  No one is mean to you there.
  It's because it's dad's study.
  His dad is drunk.
  But then when you sit down like you know they come out.
  Mom comes out and gets you.
  And you eat like meatloaf and shit.
  And you eat meatloaf and fried chicken and mashed potatoes.
  It's not an awful thing.
  I never went.
  I didn't want to do this.
  Some people love it.
  Like that's their go to.
  They're like well we got to eat there.
  I mean all I wanted I realized now was for like a character to talk to me.
  That's why like I really dug that Knott's Berry Farm thing where you would talk to the  fucking prisoner in the in the jam.
  I would run there and I'd spend like 45 minutes there when I was a kid.
  Because I just wanted a fictional person to acknowledge me.
  Yeah.
  This is so weird.
  Were you like disappointed by movies always because they don't talk back to you?  I guess so.
  I don't know.
  I just wanted to be part of the narrative in some way.
  I want to be part of the story.
  And another thing I remember was that one time we went to a dinner show in Orlando called  The Hoop De Doo Review.
  Oh yeah.
  Did you guys ever do that?  I did not.
  I think I've been.
  I'm pretty sure I've been but I was young and I don't really remember any of it.
  They would sing this song called I remember going hoop dee doo hoop dee doo and they danced  around.
  And then you ate chicken.
  It was a whole theme show where the characters also had like a relationship with each other.
  That is in the record books as like one of the longest continuous running theatrical  presentations.
  It's amazing.
  Because it's been going since I think whenever they open the campground which it was in the  70s.
  Oh wow.
  Yeah.
  There's a theater and restaurant at the Disney campground where all that happens.
  That's cool.
  Did you actually camp there?  You can.
  Yeah you can RV camp or there's cabins and stuff.
  This is the kind of thing that these specials would show you.
  They would like write in a scene where the Mouseketeers are camping or they're like they  have to.
  They're all these like TGIF sitcoms that had to go to Disney World.
  They had to like it's all scenes like made to feature you know features of the of the  resort.
  Right.
  Sort of tortured narratives that take you like to camping and space and this New England  place and.
  That's awesome.
  Yeah.
  Why did I.
  The thing with these specials like I don't know why they're like just pure ads.
  They're hours long ads.
  Pure propaganda that I loved more than movies.
  It was all the possible places you could go to.
  Yeah.
  Or maybe similarly.
  Yeah.
  It's like shopping for an experience.
  Yes.
  Yeah that's true.
  If you watch enough of these specials you know if you do get to go there what you'll  prioritize and what you won't need to see.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  It's not a fight.
  It's not a place I want to go.
  Yeah.
  But they had a good time.
  There's a period I'm sure they made so many of them there's even besides the Disney produced  ones the travel channel for had a period of time where they had so many behind the scenes  at Disney World stuff and very slick travel channel travel channel Food Network kind of  like in and out in 40 minutes like very highly stylized and produced this.
  The sickest thing I think that's in this vein is that on on the TVs in the hotels they just  play a continuous loop of what we're talking about specials that show the park the information  and we all have.
  Yeah.
  And we all have I think everybody has collectively the same like fascination of going back to  the hotel after being out for 12 14 hours in the parks and just watching these channels.
  This is a specific memory I have I was going to bring this up is that my parents are at  pleasure island and I'm with my little brother in a hotel room watching the commercial for  pleasure island loop on like a 15 minute loop.
  Yes.
  Because we just like we think there's this one guy who's a country line dancer who looks  so stupid that we kept waiting for him to come back through and see him again and then  laugh at him.
  So we could find this guy.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Pretty limited materials.
  I'd say it's 92.
  OK yeah.
  We'll try to find it.
  We'll find this guy.
  Is this him.
  I definitely I definitely he has he's just one guy and he's like his leg is going in  all different directions and he's like squatting and we thought he was so funny.
  We found multiple I mean there's tons of theme park stuff on YouTube but the in room information  loops are on YouTube.
  That's awesome.
  I like actively avoid it going down that rabbit hole because that's that'll just be days gone.
  Like that was like my brother and I that was like our thing was like yeah locating the  worst the funniest part of every one of those.
  We're still like I remember we had to live at the desert in for like a week in Vegas  before it closed because no me was performing and there was a video where Suzanne Summers  learned gambling through the spirit of gambling taught it to her and there's a part where  she sang a little song about desert in and how it's fun and we would wait for that part  because we thought it was so funny.
  Oh my God.
  That is the most of my I like I was looking into this for talking about the American adventure.
  There is a there was a thing at Independence Hall where like in Philadelphia where like  spirits come back and revisit the areas or there I went to I went on a factory tour in  Texas of an ice cream factory where like the founder of the company's ghost came back to  see the spirit of gambling and that's something could be more up my alley than you should  try to find it's like from the desert and I think went away like six months later.
  So but it was still it was like one of the oldest like people saw to wear like like formal  wear in the casino like cocktail attire which is not anywhere anymore.
  Vegas is very heavy at this point.
  There were no rascals.
  Reminding me I may I may have talked about this on the podcast coming back from like  visiting my family at Christmas just this past Christmas I had got stuck in Vegas overnight  because like the plane missed its connection and so they put us up in like a no name hotel  off of the strip and it was fine but I was just like so tired I just came into the room  and I turned on the TV and before I could even look at what the channels like try and  find a channel to watch the Vegas information channel was on and I'm like well don't need  to change the channel and I just like watch that until I fell asleep and it's stuff where  it's like we're here with the head of the Vegas Margaritaville Las Vegas and I'm just  like looking at this guy.
  I'm listening.
  And yeah Mike's listening and he's like if you come here my picks gotta be either the  Cheeseburger Paradise or the Volcano Nachos and I'm just alone in this hotel room going  like yeah no shit you get the Cheeseburger Paradise or the Volcano Nachos you fucking  idiot don't act like it's like a hidden thing they're the first things on the menu.
  Tell us something we don't know.
  We were Erin and my wife and I were in Vegas in a couple weeks ago in January and we had  been there in July as well and we like we were in this we were disappointed that the  MGM that the M Resorts video had not been turned over yet because we were there within  a six month window.
  Like is it a new video?  Ah damn it.
  It's the fuck it's the Mandalay Bay Dolphins again we've seen it.
  Did you see Criss Angel?  Yes yes I did.
  Okay good.
  You know that's closing.
  Is it?  Oh okay.
  We gotta get out there.
  It's the best worst show on the planet.
  Yeah I did Criss Angel I saw the the laser rave the the the glowing hula hoop celebration  of life.
  After he uses magic to cure pediatric cancer.
  Yeah.
  Whoa.
  Oh it's nuts.
  Whoa.
  It's something get out there if you're listening.
  You know I have not been disappointed by either.
  I did I did Criss Angel and I we talked about it on another one I did David Copperfield.
  Do you know about the David Copperfield?  I've been hearing about it from Jason Woliner a lot.
  Yeah he's gone like four or five times.
  He saw it we're having him on the show soon he saw it twice in one night he saw the seven  and the nine thirty.
  He's he's for real.
  And he's not wrong.
  He's more for real about this shit than anyone I've ever met.
  Man how?  Well he's coming up.
  If he tells me I gotta see something he told me see Criss Angel the next morning I got  in my car and drove to Vegas by myself and saw it.
  You literally just went?  Yeah the next we were at the Magic Castle and he like explained the whole thing to me  without spoiling and he's like you need to see it immediately.
  That's the thing I know why this isn't like nothing for the listener to say see the David  Copperfield show but I can't like you can't spoil it I can't spoil it but like.
  I heard about the last act he told me.
  Oh okay I can't oh it's just this turn like I'd be so sad if I knew but is he doing it  or is he done?  Is he been ousted?  Copperfield?  There's an article about him.
  You gotta get there now.
  Yeah if you're listening to this if you're anywhere near Las Vegas just go I can't oh  this last half hour of this Copperfield show you you have to do it you really really have  to do it.
  I wish I could say more but it'd be so sad if he'd been  like too drunk to know what was going on.
  And then he floats her in the air and makes her vanish.
  This must have been what happened.
  So she just dies.
  Well yeah so he cured it by killing a kid?  Yeah just made her go away.
  He put all of the cancer into one kid made that kid go away and other kids were free.
  Well that kid sacrificed for the greater good.
  Yeah yeah.
  There's also a lot of stuff about like where like a saucy lady comes out and she's got  blue paint smeared all over her mouth because she she blew one of the blue men group.
  No.
  That is a recurring bit.
  Yeah yeah sex with the blue men.
  Oh wait this is in Criss Angel?  This is in Criss Angel.
  Yeah that's the body.
  That wasn't part of the show when I saw it that's a new gag.
  Oh okay wow well the magicians they keep it up.
  They change the show.
  They gotta keep reinventing themselves.
  That's pretty body.
  There's so much.
  Someday we'll get to the topic maybe we won't maybe this will be the first one where we  don't cover the ride and I'm fine with that.
  I want to talk about it because I watch the YouTube video.
  I do as well.
  Wait here before we is it I feel like I saw a video also where you're dead like inaugurated  Toontown.
  Yes I was there for that.
  Yes he inaugurated Toontown.
  They had jello jiggler shaped like the genie that were blue.
  For just everyone that was in the VIP area or did everyone who was there get the jello  jigglers?  I don't know.
  They were just out like they were just out.
  Was it on a table somewhere?  And then I jumped I was jumping in the bounce house even though I was like a little bit  too old for it and I looked out the window and Mam Bialik was watching me and just sort  of like not interested.
  She was like oh.
  Like a showy grown up.
  Like I'm not into kids stuff.
  No she was just sort of like you shouldn't I don't know I just felt like she was judging  me.
  The thing she's the most known for is bouncing around and that blossom opening.
  So maybe she was jealous maybe I was taking out the bounce house.
  Is there still a bounce house at Toontown?  This is the whole thing.
  All the fun of Toontown is gone.
  The bounce house is not a bounce house.
  The ball pit the Chippendale ball pit is not a not a ball pit and they took the slide out  of Chippendale.
  So and there was like a little park where it was all inflatable bushes.
  It was all liability I think.
  Like lawyers came in.
  You could break your neck pretty easy in a bounce house I think.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  Disney didn't want to well bounce houses are such kind of like weird low rent kind of like  it's like bounce house rental seems to be a lawless land.
  Yeah.
  So like yeah Disney probably didn't want to know.
  Yeah kids colliding heads colliding.
  So when you were at Toontown so did did your feelings on being at these events change as  you got older?  Like did you kind of the scope of actually what was happening and that you were the envy  of every child across the land?  Was that a thing I never talked about with anyone.
  Right.
  But I just it was really weird because it was like a pocket of time where we went.
  It happened every summer and I never went back.
  Like just as soon as like my dad wasn't working with Disney anymore we just never went.
  Right I never went to Disneyland again until I was like an adult.
  And then I only went to Disney World one more time which was like in 2009.
  The last time I'd been there I was like 12.
  So I did get to see like the animal kingdom for the first time which was fucking great.
  And I got to see all the ruined rides that I loved like Figment was destroyed.
  Oh yeah.
  And I got to see the three cabularos and the Mexico ride and all the things I was like  what did you do?  Yeah but you still got Maelstrom you got regular Maelstrom.
  Yeah I did like Maelstrom a lot.
  And also when I was there in 2009 it was a weird window where like the I don't know if  this is still true but like a five day pass or a six day pass was only a little bit more  than like a one day pass.
  They still do sort of that like where it's like if you just add days on it's like $20  more.
  Yeah.
  But there was just like it was just really easy to get on rides because people were at  the parks but just like sitting on benches and then you couldn't get any food anywhere  because all the restaurants have been booked up for months.
  Oh gotcha.
  So it was interesting I was like oh this is like this is a this is a failure.
  Weird legwork that you have to do in Florida to like to eat decent food besides like counter  service stuff like yeah the reservations if a place is very popular it will like fill  up months in advance.
  When I was in Epcot the only place I could eat was Morocco because people were scared.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah like people like my dad are like yeah they serve a boiled rat tail.
  Terrorism.
  It's weird but it's so beautiful it's like it's beautiful.
  Great restaurant.
  Yeah.
  And with great stuff.
  Yeah.
  Yeah I finally did yeah I think one last time I was there I did Morocco.
  Yeah that's a legit restaurant.
  Well there we're whining or we finally wound our way.
  We did get to the World Showcase.
  Yeah and the thing that had not changed it barely changed when I went back to Epcot was  American.
  The American.
  American.
  The American adventure.
  Adventure.
  I will say like Benjamin Franklin.
  Yeah well and it's this is a this is an opening day Epcot attraction that has not really changed  there's been little enhancements and actually just this week as we record this they have  done some some enhancement there's a I think they changed the projector I think they added.
  Yes a new projector.
  Pretty good.
  To the Golden Dreams montage at the end.
  A new recording of the song Golden Dreams.
  People have been waiting for us to address these updates and here we are in the moment.
  Epcot spread your golden wings.
  Spread your golden wings.
  A song opening day they had two people sing in person like a duo sing together very weird  to hear that.
  Oh Alan in 82 Epcot opening.
  Wow wow.
  Okay so well the primer on this it's all the way at the back of Epcot Center the furthest  point from the entry it is World Showcase is the area with all of the pavilions representing  nations of the world and at the center of it is this colonial American house and you  watch a 25 minute show that is combines film and audio animatronics into a into an American  spectacular event.
  Yes and it's very much like it looks like what you would go to it looks like someplace  you would go if it was not in Disney like where you would have been on a field trip.
  Oh yeah that's like it's a colonial type house the only difference is you can get an alcoholic  dream sickle drink in front which I did about four months ago.
  That is a very American statement.
  Yes so I drank that in front of the colonial waiting for the show to begin because you  cannot bring it inside because they're worried you'll ruin the old.
  Throw it you'll whip it at Chief Joseph.
  You had your time keep your mouth shut.
  So real quick I want to talk about the American adventure that was not built.
  Oh yeah yeah.
  I just found this out yesterday.
  Learning researching this there is initially a plan that the American adventure was going  to be like the bridge attraction between future world and World Showcase.
  It was going to be a circular building on stilts so you would have to you would have  to literally walk under America to get to the rest of the world.
  This this was not built.
  Another thing that got taken away there of course the hosts of this attraction Ben Franklin  and Mark Twain.
  There was originally a third host Will Rogers.
  Oh cowboy comedian who does show up in the ride was going to join them.
  Oh man.
  Oh man.
  That would have been so annoying.
  The same caliber of American I feel like as Ben Franklin or Mark Twain.
  Would he spin the lariat the whole time?  I have to imagine he would have had that.
  He'd have to.
  I mean that would be that's part of it right?  He can't do more than more tricks than that.
  Yeah yeah right.
  Keep it going.
  Yeah.
  Because it's not a rope.
  He's not a man.
  Oh yeah yeah.
  Because he can't.
  He's not a man.
  Yes yeah yeah he can't do real rope tricks.
  He's limited.
  Yeah and also doesn't Mark Twain fill the if Mark Twain and Benjamin Franklin are a  straight man funny man isn't Mark Twain already the funny man?  I know he'd have to be like straight manning Will Rogers.
  Yeah yeah.
  Yeah you'd have to keep it.
  I'm glad they didn't go there.
  Yeah that was a good idea.
  I would if we're using comedy lingo I would call them peas in a pod honestly.
  Because I feel like they're both riffing a lot.
  But Ben Franklin was funny too.
  Yeah that's what the show like the opening thing of them in the show is them like zing  and they're they're kind of trading bar logans back and forth.
  Slow zings.
  American slow moving zings.
  Slow is kind of the operative word with this thing in general.
  Of all of all that we talked about a couple topics but we ended up on this.
  Do you have any specific reasons or recollections about the American adventure?  It was my favorite thing.
  Yeah I like I loved going to it.
  I loved animatronics and I still do and I don't think they've gotten that much better  which is weird like have they really?  A couple I mean the rocket raccoon animatronic famously at California venture is very good.
  I have not seen it yet.
  And then the Olaf on the repurposed maelstrom also moves and like is pretty impressive.
  But then Trump's fucking weird.
  But Trump's robot is not great.
  It's crazy.
  I thought the Yeti on the Everest ride at American Animal Kingdom was really.
  Well that's busted.
  Yeah.
  It's busted?  It's broken on Everest.
  Yeah.
  Yeah it's broken.
  It hasn't worked in many years.
  It's a whole controversy now.
  It worked when I went.
  It was it swiped down at you.
  It was crazy.
  I'm happy for you I swear.
  That's a rare thing.
  That's crazy.
  So yeah I just think it's I mean actually I didn't I watched the YouTube video of it  last night and I didn't realize like it starts with well first of all I just liked it.
  I liked all the history.
  I made me feel like very smart to go to it and like it.
  And and but I didn't realize till I watched it that like it starts with this very weird  scene between Twain and Ben Franklin and then there's like seven minutes of just like songs  and no animatronics pushing into paintings.
  It's just pushing into paintings and telling you about like a bunch of like the pilgrims  getting cold and stuff.
  And then they die.
  There is a very unique logic to some of the ride where it's like anything in American  history before the invention of the photograph is paintings and drawings.
  And then during once you get to the point you've been like there's the Civil War sequence  the two brothers sequence which we'll get to.
  That's all photographs.
  And eventually you get to silent films and then more film stuff starts to show.
  Right but they do do animatronics of like those two guys talking mad shit on Washington.
  Yes.
  Which I think is the best one because the horse the way the horse moves is really sort  of like he's silently sitting on that mountain and they're like ah if we don't starve cursed  Washington we've got dysentery.
  They're just like yelling.
  Congress sits in their warm houses.
  Oh man so good.
  The about my where I'm coming from with this attraction.
  So when I was a kid I was a big I was really into history as well as a kid.
  I was really into the presidents specifically for some reason I really revered presidents  and there was a story my mom told me where I just like I don't know if I just vaguely  heard someone criticizing the president President George Bush senior of just some vague criticism  and I came home upset maybe crying upset.
  Wow.
  The idea that somebody would be critical of our president.
  Were your parents like conservative or where'd you get this from?  They were not they are today.
  They're all Trump heads and this would be the one my mom would listen to if she listens  to us so hey mom do your thing.
  But the no but they weren't really I think I just my mom.
  You respected the office.
  I think yeah yeah yeah.
  Respect the office.
  Yeah I really did and I remember there was a poll of like when he ran against Clinton  there was a poll of like who the classroom wants to be.
  Yes right right.
  Clinton won in the class and I was upset about that I was like we have to support our president  like the idea that the president could be challenged upset me for some reason.
  Oh man were you think your parents were like oh Scott's such a nerd.
  Oh yeah well here's how it broke down.
  My mom with all this was like I raised the perfect child.
  I rate like exactly the kid I imagined I would have and here he is and he's perfect and wonderful.
  My dad was kind of like hey we got to fix Scott.
  We got to nudge him over because I was also like a around the point where she also mission  accomplished on history.
  And she got me really into Broadway and I remember when I by the time I was really deep  into a thing called Forbidden Broadway.
  Oh God yes yes.
  Forbidden Broadway.
  It's been a whole thing because you know how they are showing Spamilton and in their signs  for Spamilton that's a Forbidden Broadway Hamilton.
  And my boyfriend was going to take yeah so explain Forbidden Broadway.
  Forbidden Broadway is like a parody of Broadway shows.
  Yeah it's like a review.
  A review that ran for a long time where that would be like the greatest hits of whatever's  the big shows at the moment whether it's Evita or Phantom of the Opera, Cats or whatever.
  And yeah just sort of a you know like a capital steps sort of like a parody a satire.
  But that's like making fun of like specific issues people have with like the leading man's  over acting.
  Like it'll be like it's like very inside baseball of people even who like work on Broadway.
  They had a song I remembered that was making fun of it was a song from Guys and Dolls making  fun of Marlon Brando's mumbly singing voice in the Guys and Dolls movie.
  Oh that's the level.
  Oh so that was like you were doing like I was like I was in Forbidden Broadway volume  two which is making fun of how like how hammy George Hearn was in the La Cage a Fall musical.
  So it was just like oh like Bernadette Peters in the revival of Anything Goes.
  There was a song about to the tune of Anything Goes I don't remember the statement of it.
  Patti LuPone.
  Oh wow.
  Oh I can't believe we both know the Patti LuPone parody.
  What was the stance on Patti LuPone?  Do we have any idea was she you know was she was it a tribute do they like Patti LuPone?  In olden days the show was shocking cause Merman would keep them rocking but now they  phone Patti LuPone.
  Wow.
  Okay I must have had that so wait was Patti LuPone in the 70s or 80s or something?  Mike is completely curled back against the couch.
  I don't know what to make of this.
  My wife currently is listening to this and cringing on both of our behalf she's like  gnarled up hearing all of this.
  My boyfriend couldn't take his daughter had already seen Hamilton with her mom and he  was like should I take her to Spamilton and I had a sneaking suspicion so I found Spamilton  on Spotify and it's like raps about the theater that did Hamilton.
  Oh my god.
  And like.
  Jokes about the theater itself.
  About the production of Hamilton on Broadway like I can't imagine an LA audience even understanding  what any of it is about.
  The Niedenheimers or whatever it's called.
  It's just about like or like you know.
  Like yo they need better bathroom flow.
  It's just about like and it's like all about Lin-Manuel Miranda and like his perception  of himself in the community of Broadway.
  It was like so crazy and I was like you I was like I wish I hadn't played this for you.
  I wish you'd just gone to.
  Is it a full length?  Yeah it's a full show.
  It's a full show and it's all just parodies of Broadway.
  It's just the business of Broadway.
  Yeah.
  Did it just keep going or did it stop at a certain point?  Is there still a spin in Broadway?  This is Spamilton.
  Oh now it's Spamilton.
  Yeah but I was like.
  They probably had a field day with Sutton Foster and Wicked.
  Oh yeah I mean look it up.
  When I.
  What are you a channel with?  When I was in college they did Forbidden Hollywood.
  Yeah I knew Forbidden Hollywood.
  That's what the Guys and Dolls thing was from.
  They did they had a song that was like it was like.
  It was like about like Disney taking over the world.
  There was one that was like Cameron Diaz and like two other people and they were just like  it was like it was a parody of You Oughta Be In Pictures but it was like you've we shouldn't  be in pictures.
  Oh yeah it was Juliette Lewis.
  They were making fun of Juliette Lewis being like a flat bath.
  Valley girl kind of actress.
  Uh okay.
  This is wild.
  Before we keep delving into these terrible.
  Okay you're into Broadway.
  You're into Broadway.
  The point is Forbidden Broadway was the point of no return from my dad where he took my.
  I always suspected that this event happened and I confirmed it several years ago.
  I said did was there a point where you took my mom aside and said no more of this shit  and it did happen.
  Wow.
  He was like I have to get my son back in shape which I think started with you know kind of  like but you know it wasn't like giving me a beer but it was like buying me Mad Magazine.
  He did course corrects because.
  He was trying to get you because you couldn't talk to anyone about any of this stuff.
  Oh yeah imagine me in like an elementary school.
  I have a really specific elementary school memory of meeting somebody who also liked  the Simpsons and like oh my God a fellow Simpsons fan well you must love when they make fun  of the mediocre presidents.
  There's a song about how William Henry Harrison died in 30 days and this kid stares at me  is like Homer's funny.
  Like that was the level.
  That was as close as I could come to relating to another kid.
  So yeah I'll always be thankful to my dad for steering me not that is this correct where  I'm at now I don't know.
  He just tried to create a baseline of like sanity.
  He's like it's look it's gonna be bad no matter what.
  Let's just kind of get it into it like vaguely the playing field of regular humanity.
  This is a full nother podcast but I wonder if the three of us were more influenced by  what our moms liked because I have a similar thing where like I was like way into the monkeys  and I was way into like 60s pop and it's like because my mom forced me to hear and obviously  like I like all that stuff now and it's really good but I do wonder if maybe that is a common  ality maybe it's this podcast mama's boys that might be what I'm getting at Jason theme  park spin off.
  I both my parents like theme parks and mystery novels and that's all I like.
  All right oh they're a match made in heaven.
  Yeah well no they got the worst enough for years ago.
  For a while they were.
  Yeah I don't know my parents were very encouraging of my pursuits probably because like I was  very nervous child.
  So I think anytime they're like oh good a thing where he goes off with other kids.
  That said your your Simpsons story does remind me of when I would talk to other kids about  theme park like like like oh you went to Disney World somehow about alien encounters you know  like this thing what about the pre-show.
  Yeah kids would be like yeah it was good I was scared or it was just I was like I got  I got saved.
  Did you save your maps like you know that in the Magic Kingdom in Florida the ship is  called the Joe Fowler not the Mark Twain imagineer.
  And in 20 years time I'll be piloting it as I turn 30.
  It's a miracle.
  Look there's a lot of miracles.
  It's a miracle that we anyone will talk to any of us it's a miracle we met each other.
  Like imagine back then the hopelessness of like.
  There's no Reddit.
  Oh yeah yeah yeah exactly yeah well that's why I was big on theme park internet when  it opened up like in middle school I'm on all of these like deep message boards and  everything that replaced friends.
  I mean we would get Disney Adventure at the house like we had a subscription to that we  had a subscription to Disney Magazine the Vacation Club had its own magazine so it  was all yeah it was everywhere.
  He's setting you on a course.
  So you were really into presidents and Broadway.
  So that's that's okay where was all that heading.
  I think there's a story coming up about when you went to Orlando.
  So yeah with all this I'm this kid I'm this this deep this forbidden Broadway kid and  then knowing that there is I remember on the plane reading the Burn Bombs Guide Disney  World and it's a show where 35 audio animatronics come to life and Benjamin Franklin and Mark  Benjamin Franklin climbs up stairs I'm so thrilled for this and like all the whole day  is a build up to it and we took the boats across the lagoon and there it is it's getting  getting bigger and bigger in view and then getting off the boats to the sign that the  American adventure is being refurbished and it was the the deepest despair that I have  I'm sure if there was video of it it is like a temper tantrum to end all temper tantrums  like worse than a level of crying it is worse than any like breakup I've had just like the  deepest deepest and my I talked to my mom about this last night and she was like I really  I didn't know what to do it was a challenge as a parent in that moment to figure out how  to calm you down I believe that she ended up saying well look the rotunda is open you  can still see the Voices of Liberty acapella group and I think that did give me the the  boost of colonial energy.
  How old were you again?  I would say like seven.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  But in all of that like kids look forward to going to Disney World like that it's that  it's roller coasters or it's meet Mickey Mouse I want to see Benjamin Franklin climb those  stairs and I don't get to and I weep.
  That's crazy.
  Oh man it's great though.
  Yeah it's great I mean I will admit I was not nerdy for this when I was that age though  I was much more I think yeah I like this stuff.
  I always kind of knew it was insane.
  Yeah but I was.
  I just I like thought it was very like educational.
  Uh huh.
  There's that other perspective as you said with Chief Joseph it's not a it's not a totally.
  Frederick Douglass.
  It's one of the rare Disney things that doesn't just go be like America was great wasn't it?  And it's like anti Song of the South.
  It shows some complications.
  It shows some I mean look it could do a better job let's be honest it's not like it's some  amazingly nuanced thing it's yeah but still like you're like I because I we saw it a couple  months ago and I was like oh yeah OK.
  They're acknowledging that maybe America hasn't been the best country in the world for it  was like a six year break like in 2006 my family went and we didn't go back down to  like 2012 and I remember like we were at Epcot one day and everyone had been there for a  while and was kind of tired and I was like oh you know what we haven't done the American  adventure and like half of the behalf of us were like I don't need to and then me and  my dad were like oh we'll go watch it and I went and watched it and I was like I forgot  this I forgot all of it and then like later we all met up for dinner and I'm like do you  the American event and I was explaining it and and we were leaving the next day so the  everyone else was just like oh my God why didn't you why didn't anyone remember that  so then we went back like two years later everyone made sure to watch it this time like  it is yeah it's something it's nuts yeah let me say then the other side of that for me  because as much as I loved it as a kid today I like made a real point when I went to Disney  World the first time with Aaron my wife made a real point of like oh we got to see this  it's this you know the 35 animatronics and she is like from minute three like oh like  she and like and in the last couple days when I've been talking about it and putting on  videos of it and everything same thing just like come on God and I like she landed on  that we landed on that part you were talking about where it's just pushes in on paintings  for a while and I was justifying it like well you know this is pre Ken Burns so push in  on a painting not oh God she's been so frustrated hearing about and end quote Aaron this morning  I will I will only listen to this episode because of the guest oh yeah thanks for the  shack glad you're hope you're still with us or we're divorced now because of all that  forbidden Broadway material but anyway so I would like to present the point of view  and I don't I'm not trying to just make up for my dorky past I think I am with her and  that like this thing is pretty ponderous well it's a little rough oh it's just people talking  about stuff yes certainly it is the average theme park person or theme park goer I should  say is bored by it and I think it starts in the lobby so when we were there a couple months  ago the big lobby has like paintings and there's exhibits and interesting stuff and and and  talking about American history almost everyone in there could care less there is one man  though and I don't know if he's there all the time that works there that cares so much  about American history and everything that is in there and he tries his very best to  shout over just like people talking like people in the lobby just talk and he's trying to  tell them about things and no one's paying any attention to him and he and on the even  on the way out he comes around to the exit and there's flags and different things show  I just various pieces artifacts and he is shouting over all these people that could  be could care less about what the significance of each of these things are and it's crazy  to watch because he cares he works there who knows what his politics are does he like Trump  he might but I don't know but he cares so much about his job and working there and he  probably takes very like pride in what he does and tourists ignore him day in day out  and that is probably what happens on this ride all people go what is this thing oh when  they sit there and they go what the oh god a video okay well I'll sit down for 25 minutes  theme park theme park docent is what he is yes that's not a job usually yeah because  everything it's you're all you're essentially ultimately talking about fake history it's  weird to be super versed right because like what is he pointing out what's in the are  there historic like flag yes there are flags and stuff artifacts yes but he like all the  types of flags that America yeah there's a lot of yeah state flags and past versions  of the American flag and but yeah he knows like it seems like he knows everything and  no one gives a shit no one cares keep it up man it's a sisyphenian sisyphenian sisyphenian  yeah and hey we're with you but I'm going similar to the hall of presidents where it's  like it's a good place for dad to take a nap in a dark air-conditioned place yes worst  case yeah nothing's gonna like shit maybe maybe when the muskets get fired he'll wake  up but if not he can probably just nap through it and it'll be okay and because he just had  that dream sickle alcoholic drink yeah so he's nice and loose I remember a few years  ago starting what I will admittedly call a very annoying bit based on this ride where  it's just like in the middle of conversation or lulls of conversation just started saying  well I guess we should explain first the two brothers sequence oh yeah I knew this song  in my heart when I heard it again yeah so this is it's it's the video portion of it  is in great moments with mr.
 Lincoln in Disneyland oh it is but not the animatronics animatronic  is great so what I guess we're at the Civil War yeah so there's a Civil War sequence start  of photography so here's when photos start showing up in the ride a family is sitting  for a photograph and that one brother is anti slavery and one is very much pro slavery yeah  and and they're like stop fighting you're gonna ruin mom's birthday and she's like nothing  could ruin my birthday yeah I've got both my sons here yeah foreshadowing what's going  to happen 45 seconds later yeah also I'd like to point out the part where like you know  they're trying to be civil but then like one of them snips of the other you would say that  Johnny Reb yeah when I was trying to like get back on the side of this ride you're this  attraction you end up with things like that I'm like I don't know this is a struggle I  wonder a lot watching it if we would accept these words from humans yeah are we just impressed  because they're robots we're allowing them to not be good at acting yes every every segment  in this is the ham-fisted version of this story and this is like it's all these still  photographs from the Civil War the one brothers for the north the ones for the south and you  see him in the photo at the beginning of the montage and then at the end one of them is  dead and there is a song about like two brothers go to war so that was the thing I would just  do to annoy my family is in the middle of conversation yeah you're terrible person for  doing that you did sing that exactly like they sing it in this it's a really really  yeah in great moments with mr.
 Lincoln it is the low point of the whole show isn't it  weird that you're watching it in Disneyland and it's a photo of robots you were only in  Disney World that's yeah bizarre little they're not based on an actual photo I think it's  a real I think it must be real actors but the actors look exactly like the robots right  there's a lot of strange levels there mr.
 Brady to oh I wrote down there a cannonball  don't pay no mind gentle or if you're kind it's just so serious sorry Aaron and before  this I guess this is also very uh Fred like Frederick Douglass on that raft oh yeah and  he's talking about how much he thinks Uncle Tom's Cabin is gonna turn it all around yes  he did not write yeah he just he likes it and then it goes right to those brothers and  one of them is like Douglas is the kind of guy that got us into this yeah that's the  first line of that to like transits was like whoa buddy also my association with Frederick  Douglass is as an orator or an author not a guy cruising a raft through the bayou yeah  that is very strange it is impressive they got this raft to move sideways because that's  that's a thing I learned about this ride everything is underneath like the stage is only like  eight feet deep and everything else rises up or slides in from the side yeah this is  a question I had about how it's all put together like where are all those robots because there's  a ton of giant yeah sets not just the robots but they're also here's Theodore Roosevelt  on a big cliff but the World's Fair is really crazy there oh yeah oh yeah this is what the  the schematics look like and the blue is like all of the set pieces rise up from the ground  under your seats in the theater this giant platform like as needed there's eight steps  of this big platform and it scoots up and then the first performers come up the first  Mark Twain Benjamin Franklin keeps moving some of the robots are on the side of the  stage and they always stay where they are and just rise into position but this is like  yeah the the mechanics and the rigs and the hydraulics on this thing are insane do you  think that they as they were building this ever entertained the idea that this would  replace acting maybe they were where they were probably worried ethically like is this  yeah are we in the in the way that like you know we're putting Fred Astaire in the vacuum  commercial or whatever like is this where are we opening Pandora's box will this be  the end of entertainment as we know it or it was like a precursor to replacing like  Ford Motor Company employees with robots so it was just like this is the early version  of automation replacing humans well because everything's been mechanized for a long time  but maybe people miss that human touch and the idea that there's a lot of people in a  factory so they're gonna have Will Rogers duplicates making the car lots many whoa that  would be great spirit of America like robots working at McDonald's but it's like well it's  like Ray Kroc yeah all Ray Kroc said McDonald or like Ronald or grimace or something yeah  I mean that's Donald's employees but I think this is better you're out animatronics everywhere  yeah I would that's such a good idea that they should do I'm into it yeah like can we  you want to talk about specific animatronics or sequences that we can we talk about the  song yes yeah yeah please which which dreams golden dreams oh yeah um America there's several  types of wings mentioned wings of time wings of change and also golden wings except a lot  of different wings in play in the song what are your feelings on the song I just I came  in the time between I let like when I saw it as a child and saw it as an adult they  had added 9-11 yeah that's where a lot of the changes have come well the animatronics  got changed out in 93 still look pretty good more more lifelike and and then the song has  been shortened and lengthened over the years and the montage that goes along with the song  is changed who's the most recent animatronic like okay so this show takes you all through  American history that two brothers thing is the midpoint civil war and then who maybe  it's I want to say like Theodore Roosevelt FDR and Will Rogers oh yeah and then past  that point it's all movies and they have got will every decade or so update the film at  the end set to the soaring song golden dreams with like new inspiring Americans the last  one is the ladies fixing the ship oh like oh yeah Rosie the Riveter on Christmas Day  and it goes straight from that to America spread your golden wings and to 9-11 yeah  yeah the 40s are it and then you're 9-11 the golden dream starts with us winning World  War II and the rest is movie like 19 or 45 and Warren's 45 11 to present yeah 70 years  and they just added three new people to the do you guys have that yeah there's more they  the press release only listed three but we watched it and there are more the big ones  that were mentioned were John Williams Neil deGrasse Tyson is in there yeah but if you  watch the whole thing where they have the list they took out Tiger Woods and Lance Armstrong  their legacies have been a little tarnished since last updated I believe Louie they took  out Louie oh yeah Louie's gone Kevin Spacey is gone leaving Aziz for now the 13 reasons  why author is gone Neil LeBute is also no longer in it well why was James Toback ever  in yeah no pay his way in this his robot is still on the ride though yeah yeah the  James Toback author tries to pitch you on a new movie passenger seat of his car he presses  up against you in his giant pants on the way to dinner with Barry Levinson did he really  make Bugsy mr.
 Franklin there's an Alec Baldwin animatronic outside defending him I also like  so it ends though after golden dreams it ends with the they're in the the Statue of Liberty's  torch mm-hmm it's the two of them Franklin Twain in the torch and they present the idea  that maybe the biggest problem with America is that it's had too much success yeah this  leisure and free time no Empire has ever gotten past this it's weird like I think we'll be  just fine can you tell this was opened in 1980 yeah tell this was a Reagan era attraction  this is 20 years past the futurists who were like in the future everything will be automated  so we're gonna have to come up with great new leisure activities because no one's gonna  have to work and then by 82 it's already like can't have too much leisure must work for  these good companies imagine a box where comedians can type funny jokes that they think of and  observations and they'll be able to do that and not beg senators put to not kill them  and save immigrants from being it's gonna stay real fun yeah well there is a very oddly  prescient exchange of dialogue which is well mr.
 Twain what do you think of our America  now Twain are well our founding fathers never dreamed of an America like this fairly they  also I want to point out the line here's boy this this one this one gets the loudest Aaron  ugh of all I may have invented these bifocals I'm wearing but I can assure you they are  not I cried because I didn't get to see this as a child I couldn't watch the bifocals  wisecrack they were both masters of quips I could not get to it fast enough like I loved  it so much and it's the farthest point it was the farthest all the way across all the  many acres unless you enter from that other secret or take the boat yeah that's right  my favorite attractions were always American adventure adventure experience adventure yeah  um figment yeah and pirates so I think I just liked animatronics yeah everyone and those  all have many many animatronics with personality yes yeah yeah the the pirates faces are so  I think we've talked about that before the pirates faces like suggest character more  character than most human faces because they're slightly cartoonish and there's also like  look I think animatronics really excel when it's like weird grouchy men which obviously  which I you know a dream finder is he's a busy he's a beard Oh like character actor  men like that's what robots the best robots are like I see with him typically yes some  crusty oddball guy and this face isn't gonna move that much he's not he doesn't feel like  exerting the effort no now I say that where in my mind I think like the blockiness of  a robot lends itself to but oh you know weird grizzled male animatronics but like now I'm  thinking about women do we think like like women like female animatronics are in my mind  they're like not as good what am I arguing here exactly like I maybe like a lot of old  men built these attractions and they knew how to make better we've got woman chasing  a pirate trying to kiss him yeah well they're pretty she's pretty good in this she's pretty  good other women fixing the ship are pretty good yeah yeah yeah flips up her hood which  is pretty yeah that looks cool mask oh right right yeah yeah sure are there any like uh  are female animatronics attractive ever or is this the artful or make them weird yeah  you're right the red is attractive just a rabbit is there one of those oh yeah and the  red the rabbit right right I she must be concerned about it making everyone too horny so yeah  I think you're right I think you're right you get like a aerial animatronic in the mermaid  ride oh sure yeah once they got rid of that spinning hair which is kind of weird like  when it opened the hair was the hair was a whole controversy yeah yeah they fixed it  up is it now is it um Jennifer Tilly always in the globe in the crystal ball no they never  did that there's talk of them doing that because I think she's very sexy the woman inside the  crystal ball oh Madame Leota yeah but she's not a she's an she's a hologram yeah yeah  well Scott wants just don't find the hottest animatronic he's just trying to figure out  what uh that's an episode we'll build to yeah who's the hottest animatronic we'll run out  of topics and we'll have to get to like that like a magan episode an issue of maxim another  podcast ride for men a line from the torch uh that I I do think is solid the golden age  was never the present age uh oh yeah helpful to remember because I I feel like we've heard  or seen people exclaiming the golden age of podcasting or the golden age of comedy right  in the middle of it and where it's not real the best way we're in it right now declare  things the golden age when you have zero perspective on the current moment yeah declaring things  to be the golden age and that they will last forever but this episode will be declared  the golden this oh yeah this is as yeah yeah this is the golden age of podcast the ride  yeah it's only a slow decline from here this is it spread your golden wings everybody um  I hate the oh well also well a couple other things to mention the uh the bizarre uh handshake  yes that's uh that is the climax that is the grand finale that's the ball on indiana jones  that's the dinosaur on the jurassic park ride that's the big finish it's two robots shaking  hands that's it sort of do you think they touch uh no I mean they don't they can't it's  it's an allude I think it what an illusion it is it's just two hands going like this  uh you know it was better in the video I wonder if they've plussed it up recently or it looked  good in the video yeah you know it wasn't too bad we made fun of it at the time but  uh it's also with this then the song kind of refrains and then they like whisper to  each other oh yeah that was so weird it seems like they're still having a conversation yeah  that we can't hear it's like when news anchors keep talking well the credits are not real  yeah what are they talking about but that's like those little touches like the trump robot  rubbing his creepy fingers together that's like yeah like they're adding those human  things and then like looking mad at himself for doing it yeah yeah what is that yeah that's  how you take it do you want to go back in the torch and get the john bjrn and teddy  roosevelt day out of atronic's and we'll just see what happens you know drink some scotch  smoke some stogies some stogies you know we have this place all night yeah I was like  watching that just so that's such a weird choice to have them just keep having a conversation  yeah we know they are not humans uh-huh but they have them sort of be like like did they  write fake walla like did someone write like what they would be saying and then or they  just mouth open mouth close is their logic probably if they imagine the imagineers are  very nerdy weird guys so it they probably do have something they're saying so we could  find out their mouths and like damn it darn you it's like yeah pg-13 or they're like complaining  about the house like uh the house wasn't very full tonight or like did you hear no one clapped  no one clapped at golden dreams they did the check drop too early or go yeah good show  old boy yeah another good another one we do 12 24 a day see you on the next round sir  i also think the way the the gas station the men sitting on the gas station which is a  long sequence because it's it's the stock market crashes the the one guy sings brother  can you spare the spare a dime and then pearl harbor and will rogers yeah so like they're  they're listening to a lot they spent a lot of years listening on the radio the old radio  together yeah yeah it's funny that it ties together you think you're done with the gas  station and then will rogers finishes and we go back will rogers's stuff is like it's  it's all folksy like he's complaining about how they're cutting the money up for the navy  it's very specific grievance he has it seems like we don't know how to fight a war till  we get into one yeah yes what was what do we know about will rogers exactly was he the  uh see the john stewart of his time it seems like people act like yeah like he was a real  like he would he was a topical commentator and he would uh yeah he would be amusing and  while he did it uh i think it's homespun wisdom somebody's got to bring back the lasso trevor  noah yeah you want a way to stand out in the crowded political rant game get a lasso out  yeah last week tonight starts back up tomorrow what if todahler is just last we can never  acknowledge well the doc of bill is controversial as ever he was a member of this club in in  la called the breakfast club which would meet on wednesday mornings and eat breakfast together  and it was like a social club that was supposed to be i guess be um in opposition to like  masons okay um it was very very popular it's it's it still exists and you can go to it  and i i went recently and you eat breakfast it's a bunch of like senior citizens you have  to sing old-timey songs with them and do a secret handshake where it's like eggs and  bacon and you flip your hands over and then someone delivers like a lecture um you guys  everyone should go to them and we can it's open to the public yeah it costs like 10 or  $10 wow is it at the notch chicken dinner restaurant no it's it's it's in los filas  kind of uh and there's like a it's called the friendship auditorium which is specifically  built for this thing oh yeah and it's kind of over by the like when river we're riverside  and los filas cross and there's that fountain whoa wow yeah google the breakfast la breakfast  club is it like libertarians no it's it's just it's just weird so weird it's so weird  the history of it is so weird they have like this these old placemats with like all the  codes i think they were just like really going hard on the masons but all the things are  still there and it's just so weird it's so confusing and weird um and you have to like  you have to sing like the green beret's song and all this stuff i could do that yeah you  guys would love it yeah yeah that's jason and we're talking about being becoming elks  a while ago oh yeah joining because there's an elk like an elk's lodge or something like  i would like to be part of a social club or like with old men yeah you can meet some old  men yeah here's some stories learn about the flat earth bore them bore them with our theme  park knowledge okay these two nerds you gotta institute an age limit i'm gonna fake a very  mild heart attack he's still talking about epcot he keeps asking me about walter not  i never met the guy i wanted to mention a girlfriend but he seems like a real fucking  virgin he's lying i'm gonna give him a mad magazine maybe straighten his whistle out  i love children's cartoons like mickey mouse i don't understand didn't get it from day  one um what have we missed uh uh you know the uh i don't want to move out of the attraction  entirely but don't forget as all uh epcot countries are it's an entire pavilion with  all kinds of restaurants and fun to enjoy why in the american gardens theater you can  witness seasonal entertainment one time they had lord of the dance without michael flatley  uh it's a different just a generic lord of the dance there was a show called barrage  which was a dance and fiddle show so there's always something good happening sure yeah  they perform the nativity there too right yes the candlelight processional which uh  is a yeah like a recitation of the nativity that happens here at disneyland in the at  the railroad station but in epcot it's at the american adventure uh they get i i was  thinking that they were it was usually like stars who were a little uh over the hill or  a little more c-list but russell will do this thing you'll watch kurt russell read the read  the story of christ's birth um not bad i read did it one year really yeah wow wow they have  a neglected group of people like some people that have been associated with disney and  then just like oh no i guess chris hemsworth did it out here i was shocked by that chris  hemsworth yeah doing the nativity it's like kind of a thing i think cool thing but like  neil patrick harris i mean obviously he's gonna do it he's uh yeah he can't say he's  a nerd for this shit i can't say no to that yeah i think he's gonna say no to it no trust  is this a thing we can campaign for oh yeah maybe podcast the ride for nativity he can't  am i remember there's a restaurant right there's like a counter service i got that written  down so it's uh yeah there's no sit down but uh we got uh oh where is it oh we got the  liberty in get yourself a hot dog there i feel like for a while they were trying foods  from around the country so like you could get a maryland crab cake or a philly cheesesteak  i see uh i don't know dirty water with that yeah oh god that's horrible oh uh in the ride  itself let's not forget those uh i wrote down those dumbass statues oh yeah statues that  light up where it's like a seaman a seafaring man who represents adventure and a doctor  who represents compassion big aaron hug on the statues when it like like a curtain rises  and the big reveal is there's been a bunch of statues over here i love yeah i love how  much aaron hates this ride she really does she doesn't seem like she hates a lot of stuff  but like her oh if she does yeah she she has there's no uh poker face on her when she loves  something she loves what she hates it she despises it like i had to like my mom i had  to like turn the day around after that how can i which i think probably it's easy in  world showcase just go on that maelstrom again oh yeah just go just maelstrom for a couple  hours and you're set there the attraction that made her the angriest it's a tie between  american adventure and the armageddon experience in disney studios paris which was disney studios  paris is just well at some point there will be the episode where i just rail against it  it's uh yeah i thought they didn't think it's i think it's terrible and uh like the laziest  park and we were just like run down by the place in general and then this armageddon  show we came all the way to paris and here we are yeah that's that's what you're feeling  at all times you're half an hour away from this this amazing city and we're here we're  with a with this a planet hollywood and an earl of sandwich the place that we can just  go yes avoid here that's our best restaurant option so uh armageddon uh yeah we'll get  to that one um there's a gift shop next to the american adventure and you can buy all  sorts of things you know any little american flags but here i have a picture from when  we were there you can purchase a nice photo of our current president john old john trump  it's two photos they have a couple i think they have older like they have clinton and  stuff too but it's like it's a very cheap looking thing it looks like a black piece  of construction paper where like a white border and then there's two photos one of him in  front of the white house looking very dour like he usually does and then smiling to the  point where he looks like he was photoshopped smiling it doesn't look like his real smile  because he is uh he can't smile smiles are rare yeah that's like the school photos yes  where it's me looking head on and then one of me turned very slightly in another direction  scott if your dad had never intervened can you see a world where you would have bought  that uh yeah i'm thinking about i'm thinking about like yeah there's possibly me  at 32 i'm like no mike i hope that you're not planning on saying something about our  president uh nothing but respect for my president yeah yeah yeah um except my dad's a big trump  guy too so yeah yeah uh i i could have been right there with him uh do we add him to this  too do we jam him into the american adventure just jump right from i think he deserves to  be rosie the riveter just tried to trump and then that's it we missed the 60s donald trump  coming down the escalator oh that's good yeah no jfk nothing okay well well you know an  easy no martin lutheran no papers no cap links an easy place to drop him in right next to  frederick douglas saying what a great guy he was that's continuing to do great work  i have a better he okay it's mark twain it's ben franklin and trump hosting the thing oh  great the three of them and then they can all comment and quip or or he's statler and  waldorf up in the balcony uh railing and doing his screaming that he doesn't know these people  he's never heard of them it's statler it's like it's one of it's statler and trump it's  one of the muppets and trump every now and then trump animatronic like yells out like  anna whit or wanted to be the british ambassador or it's like because he's not featured in  the ride lincoln and trump in the balcony oh yeah sure theater and lincoln is well and  trump knows what's about to happen because he's in on it or he just doesn't he's never  learned that history oh that's true too he freaks out like the thing that's happened  this is horrible but uh right away will expand the link in animatronics like this is the  first time i've been in the balcony in a while but then will john and then like wilkes booth  does it and trump is like wilkes booth is still a pretty good guy and i wish him well  i think that he was a fantastic actor and i hope he acts again careful on that jump  it's a long way down you're gonna hurt your leg again there's great people on both sides  of this assassination hey both brothers i like both brothers why are you both brothers  are great edwin come on come on here edwin um well well i mean maybe this takes us into  into plus ups uh uh yeah changes anything we would do well yeah what are we are so you  know the scale uh do we keep completely the same do we plus it up or do we burn it down  for insurance money and build something else so who wants to well i think full assessment  levity in the attraction i like this idea of wisecracks from the side i think i think  yeah i think it is i respect so much about this attraction the technical achievement  that it is in the great animatronics but why does it have to be so just self-important  and heavy and ponderous and uh although i think i object to that those wisecracks are  not going to be good no they're not going to be good i think this thing has to be more  serious honestly i think that that should be more dour and more humorless i think they  should take out the joke about how carnegie hall yeah yeah that's like the closest thing  what does twain say then after that like libraries that's the ticket or he says when they're  like who's this edison he's like oh that young fellow who invented the phonograph yeah yeah  yeah yeah alexander grand bell's like clowning on edison right like yeah where he's like  my telephone very billy zane and titanic sort of not knowing what will happen in comedy  oh yes well he's a guy who thinks he's in his own golden age yeah i i actually thought  i forgot that was the philadelphia exposition the centennial i thought it was the columbian  exposition and to tie it back to a long ago episode uh columbian exposition setting of  the devil in the white city twain went to that one uh saw the white city on the train  ride in then got violently ill and never left his hotel room until he got on the train out  so never saw the columbian exposition never got lured to hh homes's murder house um uh  maybe for another podcast i went to the shanghai exposition years ago whoa i went to like a  legit world expo that's wild things oh my god yeah it wasn't dubai it was the craziest  thing i've ever seen what is that we should go to that do you buy one 2020 dubai you guys  can save up yeah yeah we can go to blindsgate world they have things you walk through they're  like walk through dark rides whoa it's so great we got what'd you see where any technology  coming down the pike it was like 12-foot robot baby in one room um i went through a pavilion  called the pavilion of urbanian which was i don't know what it meant but china had built  it to teach its own citizens about like urban development wow it was like a dark ride it  looked like it's a small world but you walk through it wow whoa this was not a bnol this  was not like a no it's the expo the expo still exists and it moves it's usually every two  years but it's in a different country every two years last year it was in kazakhstan wow  yeah yeah yeah track track the expo guys we really should well we should it's as we know  it's a part of theme park history yes 64 worlds fair disney built all this stuff yeah uh and  epcot is a permanent world's fair it's still it's still very theme parky yeah yeah well  that's good to hear okay they didn't just it's not just kind of a dry conference it's  weird it's about exciting people you know huh jeez cool that's awesome um well yeah  well i don't know what what do we do you think you can keep it i think well i'm ponderous  more pondering i think more ponderous i think that it should be i i felt so bad for the  guy who was saying that human being trying to tell everyone i think it should be more  like a school like you get kicked out if you talk in there i think that it should be you  really have to listen you have to this is a lesson in american history and that you  should respect uh the history and the man and i think there should be no funny business  when you when you walk into those doors jason thoughts uh i think you know i i watching  this again and i i watched um uh the martin's vids on it uh we talked about this before  it's the it makes these like documentary uh montages with like a lot of the concept art  and then usually a ride through uh the one i watched of this uh included every version  of the golden dreams ending uh which was a lot to watch back to back but uh watching  it a couple times through regardless i do think it's strange it jumps from uh you know  from the rosie the riveter to like we win the war and there's a video and then you're  out uh after the torch so i would like just one or two more animatronic scenes in between  the torch and the war like maybe someone walking on the moon uh maybe i don't know what else  mlk uh-huh yeah maybe mlk like yeah that is strange they didn't have okay in there oh  oh woodstock yeah disney-ified nixon nixon resigning well nixon getting on the helicopter  because nixon climbing up the helicopter stairs i want more i just want more stairs in every  single one of these oh yeah it's got to be history's greatest moments on stairs uh nixon  what i now i had a different idea because nixon gave the i am not a crook speech in  the contemporary hotel in orlando and disney world so i think you put that just put that  scene there where it happened you just go into that hotel and you can watch that speech  i think yeah moments with mr nixon yes he's hidden like pig pen yeah yes away from the  rest of the basement of the contemporary hotel there's a picture of nixon and kissinger walking  through epcot like with spaceship earth in the background oh yeah well and uh reagan  and bush this video both of them giving speeches out in front of that american adventure oh  yeah there's a really crazy performance of a song called thousand points of light in  one of these old specials sung by every president's automatic favorite singer lee greenwood uh  trump strangely silent on the subject of lee greenwood until this year but i believe trump  always loved lee greenwood his entire life always a fan uh but the uh yeah yeah maybe  let's acknowledge disney world's part in history yes uh yeah bush is famous let's get robots  of lee greenwood nixon uh and dream finder what dream finder hello figment is that his  child or just a child i can't i don't know like a child for a photo op they just handed  him a child you gotta put that online yeah i gotta wow that's incredible uh um yeah well  i agree some more yeah watch i really like hokey steve jobs scene because that's the  thing like new history loves to do steve jobs in the uh in the garage inventing the computer  the disney of fire yes and he's still he probably still talks in that franklin kind of way it's  called a personal computer i believe everyone will have one of these in their pockets instead  of listening to will rogers he's listening to like sam kennison or who would it be bill  hicks bill hicks yeah yeah yeah and then it goes to a bill hicks animatronic oh yeah we  need some bill hicks in this giving the real stuff i got it from here chief joseph uh look  this entire show has been bullshit okay uh yeah hey maybe that's that's not a bad thing you can  get some uh get a bill marr in there oh yeah howard zinn uh uh the pooh is that the guy the  people's history of the uh uh yeah let's get some dissenting voices yeah yeah another perspective  yeah yeah fractured takes on history yeah um i don't know what else what do you have any thoughts  about uh what do you the future of the american adventure burn it to the ground nobody's really  said that yeah oh yeah just burn it to the ground we don't need it anymore hey sure yeah oh you do  something now the american adventure is over yeah it's over acknowledge that we don't deserve it  anymore it's like it's too optimistic burn it to the fucking ground and make kids watch it burn  they're not gonna care it should be like an eternal flame it's just the thing is always  that the building's always on fire all right film the animatronics faces melting as they scream  this is what i get for being optimist right is an american pastime even those who overcame it  so proud of their humility the flaming lasso lights uh it's on fire first and reaches his  hands yeah this is the best version of the show is them all yeah but don't you got a jailbreak  like the good guy you gotta get chief joseph out of there you gotta like let him run away laughing  frederick douglas chief joseph and the the black guys in the garage all get out yeah they all get  to piss oil onto the hydraulic fluid katie sand is that who it is the uh susan b anthony she gets  out too and everyone else just burns all the white men burn yeah she has a zip she has a graph place  she just goes up and she like mary boppins zoom out all the minorities and women escape and the  white men burn but when where do where do they go do they go to other rides yeah they gotta get to  other right they all just get their own boat on the melstrom they're in the mexico ride  just confusing it just them and coke just waving at the end it's cocoa there now not yet there  there's rumors depending on it doesn't look like it's gonna happen though oh really did it not do  coco not do as well as they hoped it would do put it to justify putting in two robots yes right  they don't live in an apartment with some swedish they go to the they live in the uh the house in  hollywood studios moms and dads they get waited on hand by a mom yeah but they but they're they  like talk back a little like hey i'll eat how i want to eat i'll put my elbows where i want to  i earned it i had to live in the american adventure yeah they teach mom a little something  about tolerance yeah and maybe they get her out of the house and like like working again and  pursuing her dreams that she is stifled to start meatloaf all day let's liberate those moms that  is interesting that there was no like summer of love that the baby boomers who built this managed  to restrain themselves from having a summer of love sequence in it oh yeah we're too close that's  probably yeah civil rights anything yeah they didn't want to put controversial stuff in there  jason you know they didn't want to rile the average audience you know what i think if you're  okay well we'll still burn it down but before we do let's just add one section for the last year  which is get uh franklin and twain off of the torch and let's put hendrix on their whale and  the star-spangled banner oh yeah up on the shelf next to the flame next to his friend charles manson  i guess he hadn't been caught yet by the time they started blue skying this ride  all horrified like all right let's not work any overtime it's still a  we might die benjamin franklin the first animatronic to climb upstairs charles  manson the first animatronic to paint in blood on a wall hell ter it goes right from  like uh like from uh rose of the river due to the la bianca murder the final you watch the final stabs  and then like all right it's done well let's now we just wait for that race war to happen  any minute now these are jokes but these this is the american adventure that is true it has all the  parts yeah that's all part of this there's no like yeah there's no uh uh warren bd hitting on  mia ferro at the ground derby yeah patty hearst yeah patty hearst woody allen exiting a lobby with  suny the boat the robert wagner boat scene this is the american adventure this is what it is  the low speed oj simpson chase yes this brought us together as a nation an cubicle jockey from  enron just going what do you mean my pension is worthless now the sex flame the trump and clinton  were both on yeah jeffrey ephes sex plane yeah and the sex island although i guess that's up  that's the sky is international sky so maybe that's not american adventure  spreading their golden wings it was those guys that's true what's her name though florida the  four catherine harris catherine aris holding up a hanging chad yeah for this update we built the  we built the biggest hanging chad that's ever been constructed michael jackson dangles blanket out of  a window oh that would be the new shaking hands moment on the ride that would be the true climax  the cast and crew of a master of disguise learning about 9 11.
 did that happen yeah they were on the  set their imdb page yeah there's a moment of silence they were filming the turtle club scene  it was literally the turtle scene i think so we came up on a doe voice podcast oh really okay so  uh so dana carvey in turtle costume in sadness about 9 11 descending into the suit uh and then  descending back into the floor uh yeah yeah hey i like this uh so we do all those and then we burn  it to the ground yeah last year just like guns blazing they give us the keys let's just give us  just give us the keys and endless animatronic money uh uh do we keep go i think is it just  regular golden dreams or do you do anything yeah they make it even longer every year it gets  aggressively longer and any animatronics we couldn't add go into the golden dreams like montage  yeah and lee greenwood uh does a verse now they had a lee greenwood verse up to it and uh and uh  uh what what's the uh three doors down they're in the air yeah uh they rip a solo um uh they're  in a house band they're just there always it's the re-a they aren't real three doors down oh also  of course in the montage we didn't even mention of course waltz in the film montage yeah and waltz  is also in the lobby of the hall of presidents now like there's a little corner to like here  and there's some waltz stuff and it's like yeah you got a waltz and he wasn't a president but uh  yeah let's put him in the lobby basically yeah he was a president they also have elon musk who  certainly has done all of his work in america but was did not live in america until 18 or so  so i don't know look i'm not a my i i this that's not the argument to make that somebody's not  american for but like i don't know is that weird i think it's a little premature to put elon musk  yeah yeah villain they might have to burn this place yeah there you go he starts the fire with  the we build an elon musk animatronic just peter theil light the fire together if being weird and  shitty disqualifies you from being in a disney park then there's plenty of people that need to  get kicked out so i'm not gonna i'm gonna say elon musk belongs there already no matter what  he's about to do because walt disney's there uh well we no don't say that about waltz we will joke  about anything except for waltz you're a man a perfect yeah he was great no you're upsetting  nine-year-old scott big time so let's hear let's end this before we uh take a dark turn uh eve  anderson you've survived podcast the ride oh i'm so delighted blast thanks for having me yeah  thank you thanks for burning america to the ground with us is there anything you'd uh uh anything  you'd like to plug uh any uh you do it you'd like or do you do fd up stand up that we can  i wish i don't i don't have anything to plug right now huh all right yeah yeah  do you want me to follow you on twitter oh yeah i'm on twitter uh at eva e-v-a-f-a-y all right  yeah yeah cool check her out there uh check us out at podcast the ride on twitter and all the  other things but we don't do as much on the other things twitter is where it's at yeah maybe someday  soon we'll embark on our greatest adventure three men in their 30s trying to figure out what people  like on instagram trying to figure out what young people use instagram for that's what we're going  to spread our golden wings and the new podcast momma's boys what's that oh yeah momma's boys  oh yeah maybe it's jason it's not real not theme park based yeah uh yeah we learned about the the  works of janes patterson and agatha christie and of course forbidden broadway uh that's well there's  another forbidden podcast the ride the parody that we do of our own podcast it'll be real cheeky  you can help us write the book eva glad you're in on this already great wonderful uh all right hey  uh thanks for listening spread your golden wings and fly fly fly  america spread your golden wings sail on freedom's wind across the sky  great bird with your golden dreams flying high flying high  spirit  you must keep dreaming now dreaming the promise now  is america keep on flying now keep your spirit free facing new frontiers  and so my fellow americans ask not what your country can do for you ask what you can do for  your country my fellow citizens of the world ask not what america will do for you but what together  we can do for the freedom of man i have a dream this afternoon that the brotherhood of man  will become a reality in this day with this thing putting things down two and a half picking up some  bets four forward four forward drifting to the right a little contact light okay engine stop  we copy you down eagle the eagle has landed eled