 Warning, today's podcast may feature an abundance of minds, urinal humiliation, a bare metal family called Bare Metal Family, and a park built on one man's dream.
 One man's rock and roll dream.
 Jason Walliner takes us on a magical mystery tour of the world of Sid and Marty Croft and Hard Rock Park.
 It's Failed Parks on Podcast The Ride.
  Hello, welcome to Podcast The Ride, the podcast about theme parks hosted by three guys who aren't sure God exists, but we know if he does, he looks exactly like Dreamfinder.
  We're all just God's figments.
 You guys concur, I think.
 You guys, Mike Carlson.
  Yes, I concur.
  And Jason Sheridan.
  Hi.
  And I'm Scott Gairdner and we're joined by a very special guest.
 He's a very funny, very talented writer and director from all of the good shows that exist.
 It's Jason Walliner.
  Hey guys, thanks for having me.
  Hello.
  I'm very excited to be a guest.
  Yes, yes.
  Yeah, thanks for coming.
  I'm excited to have you.
 And I'm excited to talk about this area with you.
 I mean, specifically what we.
.
.
 You proposed this topic for an episode, the idea of covering a couple of failed parks, which we're going to talk about.
  And I was generally excited by the notion of this, but I think you guys will concur that now that we've done the research, that we've put in the time and done the work, I am exploding with excitement to discuss all of these things.
  It really felt like a college exam that I was cramming for.
 And I was like, oh, I only have an hour left and I won't get this done.
 I'm not going to fail.
 I'm not going to pass.
  And I was having all sorts of flashbacks to my weather 101 class.
  Weather?  Yeah, I took a weather 101 class and it was.
.
.
  Oh great, Mike fucked up weather 101.
  It was very difficult and I never went to class and I crammed the night before the final because the final was the grade and I got a B and I passed.
 But I had nightmares about it.
  Geez.
 Well, the standards are higher here, my friend.
 We all have to collectively get an A plus to properly tribute these topics.
  I was saying before we started, I was feeling the feelings of nostalgia for a place I've never been to before.
  Like, oh, I wish I could go back.
 Wait, let me rephrase.
 I wish I could have gone.
  At all.
  Yeah.
  At all.
  None of us have been to any of these places.
 They were, well, I mean, one was before our time and another was not open for long enough for anyone to get to go back in 2008.
  Yeah, we'll start getting into it.
 But Jason, you're a perfect person to talk about this stuff with.
 It seems like you're a fan of, well, it seems like theme parks in general, but also like crazy, poorly conceived disasters.
  Yeah, I'm a big fan of just bad ideas that have a lot of money thrown at them or really just, I mean, these aren't even necessarily bad ideas, but just kind of things that didn't work out or, you know, just someone's vision that was seemingly executed without limitations and then was gone very quickly.
  It doesn't seem like, well, ultimately, like budget problems ended these places, but it seems like there was a lot of money to build.
  There's so much money involved in both of these.
 Thinking about what good that money could have done for just people, human beings.
  What was the, it was like, not to get too far ahead, but like Rock Park, we're talking about almost $400 million.
  And also when a movie, I mean, movies don't even cost really that much.
 That's like on the high end.
 And also when a movie fails, it just kind of goes away.
 It's around, you see it like on iTunes, like, oh yeah, that didn't work out.
  When a thing like this doesn't work out, it's like still physically there in reality.
 And like, like the, the Croft one, you know, becomes something else.
 But the Hard Rock Park is still there.
  As we speak, it was, yeah, it was briefly opened in 2008 and now is, yeah, the space is obviously there and it's nothing.
  There's like a, there's a church around there.
 Some of the land I figured out was bought by Medieval Times because they needed more space for horses to graze.
  So it's going to some use, but yeah, $400 million and it like started with stuff that was already there.
 Like they got it at a mall.
  There's so much to get into.
 I feel like we should just start diving in.
  Yeah, where do you even start with these?  Well, I mean, I guess we go, we go backwards in time.
 I mean, in general, okay, to talk about failed theme parks, I could not make a definitive list of them.
  These might be the two of the most prominent.
 There's a lot of parks that close after a big run of time.
  We keep teasing, we've talked to maybe a couple of times about the six flags that shut down because of the hurricane.
 You know, parks close, it happens.
  Disneyland probably came very close to being open for just a few months and then closing altogether.
  But I think it's very rare that you have parks like both of these that were, neither of which was open for more than six months.
  I mean, what a spectacular failure.
 Just that's insane if you think about how long, how much work goes into that and then it's done in six months.
  How many years?  That's crazy.
  I mean, that seems impossible to be like, we're going to spend $400 million, but if it doesn't work immediately, we're walking away.
  Like they almost seems suspicious to me.
 It seems like maybe something was going on that we don't know about.
  One of these parks did it not just once, but twice.
  That's true.
  Oh God, yes.
  Yeah.
  It almost feels like we're, it's like we're obliged to talk about the first one at this point in the way that the theaters before Coco had to show that Frozen short that no one liked.
  Like we got to get through it.
  Although that's not true, there's a lot to talk about.
  Topic number one, failed park number one, the world of Sid and Marty Croft.
  This was open from May to November 1976.
 It cost $14 million to build, which in today's money is something like $60 million, maybe more.
  I'm not sure if my inflation is right, but 14 million, a lot of money back then.
  So Sid and Marty Croft, you know, as the.
.
.
  You might not know.
  Possibly not at this point in time.
  But if you don't know.
  Yeah, well, these characters have not been sufficiently rebooted and are not like constantly part of our lives.
  But Sid and Marty Croft made all of the crazy, trippy, puppet-centric children's shows from the 1970s.
  H.
R.
 Puff and Stuff, The Bugaloos, Lidsville.
  Land of the Lost.
  Oh, Land of the Lost.
 Oh wait, I forgot.
  That's probably the most prominent one because there's been a movie in the last 10 years.
  Mm-hmm.
  Very well received.
  A well-received film.
  A hard rock park of a film.
  But at the very least, you've heard that title.
  Yes.
  You've heard it.
  And a 90s.
.
.
  There was the Nickelodeon 90s one, which I don't.
.
.
  Yes, that's true.
  I didn't care for the actual series, but excellent theme song.
  And great performance from Timothy Bottoms, who played George Bush on That's My Bush.
  And in a serious George Bush 9-11 movie as well, he was like goofy George Bush and then serious George Bush.
  Hey, the guy looks like George W.
 Bush.
 Take what you can get.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  He's got range.
 He's got range.
  You'll joke or you'll cry.
  But so, as I say, The Bugaloos.
 Anyone know what The Bugaloos actually were?  Sounds like a band.
  Yeah, they had songs.
 I've heard.
.
.
  My mom has forced me to listen to some Bugaloos, I think, at a certain point.
  Are they sort of monkey-esque? Because I know your mom is a monkey's person.
  Yeah, she loved the monkeys.
  So maybe that was their attempt.
  I was just watching one called.
.
.
 there's one that's very much like a love bug inspired, you might say.
  You might also say rip-off show.
 Like an alive VW.
  I don't know this one.
  It's also a bug, I believe.
  It's called Also a Bug?  Another bug.
  A bug where the rights aren't tied up.
  I'll say this.
 And we had a discussion about characters on one of our last episodes with Evan Susser.
  I like the way these characters look.
 This is the compliment I'm going to pay to the Sid and Marty Croft universe.
  I like the way they look and I like that they exist.
  And that's what I can say about them.
  I will agree with that.
 Because I was just watching a lot of these and not really being too familiar with them.
  And they do look really funny.
  Yes.
  They look really stupid and weird.
 And there's something naturally funny about them.
  And also like H.
R.
 Puff and stuff, which is I think their most well known character.
  I noticed he can either move his mouth or his arms.
  That I think when he's talking he has to pull his arm out of his arm and move his mouth with his arm.
  And there's always one part of his mouth that kind of bunches in a little bit.
  You can see his clenched fist around his mouth.
  There's something very charming and homemade about them.
  And by all accounts it looks like that translated to this indoor theme park.
  Also a quick note is that McDonald's stole the look of these characters for the McDonaldland game.
  For Ronald and Grimace and the Fry Guys and everything.
 And they were sued by them.
  If you look at those early 70's commercials it looks exactly like these old Sid and Marty Croft shows.
  Even the Mayor McCheese looks exactly like one of these characters.
  Well I looked up, this is an actual quote from a legal document that ruled on this.
  And the Crofts were victorious by the way.
  Of course, yeah.
  It worked out better for them than the McDonald brothers in The Founder.
  Well that's true.
  I would highly recommend, Ray Kroc screwed us again.
  With the little wolf into the henhouse.
  Those lines are said every scene.
  Pretty much.
  As I said last time, two years ago, we let a wolf into the henhouse.
  I love The Founder.
 I really love The Founder.
  But there's a, so actual, yeah, the Crofts were victorious.
 Noting the similarities between Mayor McCheese and H.
R.
 Puff and stuff.
  Both lands are governed by mayors who have disproportionately large round heads dominated by long wide mouths.
  They are assisted by keystone cop characters.
  Both lands feature strikingly similar scientists and a multi-armed evil creature.
  A judge had to hear that.
  And it sounds like he's dealing with a land dispute or some kind of territorial, like, also they will have sashes.
 Right?  Yeah probably.
  Yeah I know Puff and Stuff has a big blue sash.
  I don't think I knew till this that Puff and Stuff was the mayor.
  Yeah I learned that recently.
 And that he, I think it's a he, is a dragon.
 Did you know that?  What? No.
 Really?  Yeah it was a full reference, maybe rip off to Puff the Magic Dragon.
  Oh interesting.
  I saw this in an interview with Marty Croft I think.
  They really didn't even take the Puff out then.
  They took the Puff.
  They just took the Puff and applied it to a different dragon.
  Because they, it seems like most of their time is spent denying that these were all references to drugs.
  And so people were like, which is, Mr.
 Show did a sketch called The Altered State of Drug-a-chuicets.
  Which is where a lot of people our age I think discovered that.
  Even are aware of this stuff at this point.
  Yeah.
 And yeah these shows were just synonymous with psychedelic drug use.
  And then I think for the last few decades the Crofts main job has been denying that they were drug references.
  But so Puff and Stuff he said was a reference to Puff the Magic Dragon.
  Which I think also was a drug reference.
  Yes.
  Sort of, yeah yeah, like thinly veiled.
  Get that in front of kids.
 Which also a little tease for later.
  The Knights in White set and the trip.
  Oh man.
  Some druggy stuff being put in front of kids.
  The trip part of that makes me so angry.
  Instead of the ride, the trip.
 I just, I can't.
  There's a lot of infuriating, there's like 40 things you could name about Hard Rock Park that are without any attitude or addition or infuriating.
  Anyway, to keep talking about HR Puff and Stuff.
  Well that's one of the things you get to do in this.
  You get to go to specifically HR Puff and Stuff's world.
  You get to go to Lidsville.
  Well so to set the scene a little bit.
  The world of Sid and Marty Kraft became the centerpiece, the big ticket attraction at an attempt to revitalize downtown Atlanta.
  An area called the Omni Center.
  They needed like a big, you know, it was offices and a hotel and stuff and they needed something to pull people in.
  There was an ice skating rink.
  But then the big thing ended up being the world of Sid and Marty Kraft.
  Which was famous for having the world's longest escalator.
  Escalator to get to it.
  Eight stories.
  It's all indoors.
  Right, it's an indoor theme park.
  Probably the first.
  Their slogan is, now all the fun is indoors.
  What a joyous phrase.
  Someone pointed out, as I was reading this, someone pointed out that the cross were responsible, you know, back when there was only three TV channels.
  And I guess PBS would have started around this time as well.
  The cross were responsible for the main kids stuff that wasn't Disney.
  So like, is that why it's so beloved because there just wasn't a lot of other stuff?  Maybe.
  Or isn't that beloved? Or as I say that?  If you didn't want to learn, if you didn't want to sit through Sesame Street because you might learn something.
  If you just wanted pure escapist, meaningless adventures, then maybe that's where you turn.
  But yeah, way before, because Disney wasn't making specifically Saturday morning cartoons.
  Maybe the only live action kids shows of the 70s?  There was an article that pointed out there were no kids channels specifically.
  I mean, look, IP was scarce.
  Let's be honest.
  We didn't have IP coming out the ears at this point.
  So they had to take what they could get.
  I don't know what I do with that IP nowadays.
  I know.
 We all love IP.
  There are days I can forget to drink water for hours, but I got to have some IP in there.
  But if it's got, you know, turbo the snail on it, you'll drink from a glass.
  It'll remind you to stay hydrated.
  So the picture of this park, park I use it in quotes, looks like the hotel I had my senior prom in, basically.
  It looks kind of like a hotel.
  I mean, it's a building.
 It has different offices in it.
  It's part of a hotel.
  The way it looks.
  It's really weird and gray and miserable.
  And I stayed in this hotel.
  The Conan show did a week from Atlanta, and this is where they put everybody up.
  So I stayed in that hotel for like nine nights or so.
  I was there for a long time.
  It was weird and sad.
  And you felt kind of claustrophobic to be just the, like the balcony of the hotel room overlooked just a big indoor area.
  So it did feel like being inside like a mall with no stores for a long time.
  And it's the CNN headquarters now, isn't it?  Now, yes.
  That is what the space ended up being.
  It sat, when this thing closed, opened and closed in 1976, sat empty for a decade.
  And then Atlanta was already the home of Ted Turner and CNN, and they had outgrown wherever they started.
  And this space was perfect because it was a lot of indoor floors that were very wide and without, you know, like big, you know, without a lot of walls, basically.
  So that you didn't have to tear a bunch of stuff out because now CNN, like literally CNN, like the headline news is done on the floor where they used to be a pinball machine.
  Oh, yeah.
  In speaking to the general claustrophobia of this complex that exists still today and that you're in like just sort of narrow ceilinged floors on all these rides, imagine being like trapped in a pinball machine.
  Also, just for anyone listening who doesn't already isn't very familiar with this park, we both just really laughed at Scott saying pinball machine.
  We weren't laughing at just a pinball machine being there.
  No.
  It was their showcase ride was called pinball machine, and it was you are a pinball and you travel through a gigantic pinball machine.
  But you travel through it very slowly.
  And often breaking down, apparently.
  And did you someone I was reading said that it descended like the floors to that one of these like YouTube people remembering it said it like actually went down levels as you as you wrote it.
  Oh, the road, the ride itself.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Because there's no video of or there's a little video.
  There's like a little second of like this big pinball bouncing.
  I will say this, though, full disclosure, this looks like the coolest thing in the whole place.
  Oh, yeah.
  It's probably a lame it does certainly doesn't like really simulate being inside of a pinball machine.
  That's not it.
  But but the look of it, it's fun looking.
  It looks like if it was actually the chrome balls, it looks like.
  Yeah, it looks like you're in a giant Christmas ornament or something.
  It looks great.
  I know that everything here looked really cool.
  It does.
  This this thing for me, whatever it pushed my buttons.
  I don't know why.
  There there was a note in in Jason, I think you sent us this article.
  Guests were not allowed to bring cameras in all news footage of the park was destroyed in a fire at the local Atlanta CBS.
  So I didn't quite reread that chunk a few times and I wasn't quite sure they were talking about the grand opening or ever.
  But like if it was guests weren't allowed to take pictures ever.
  That is an insane thing for a theme park to you want to preserve like an air of mystery about a theme park.
  I guess so.
  You don't want anyone to know what's going on.
  It's like a Dave Chappelle stand up show.
  You got to give everyone lock their phones.
  You don't want them taking video room a bit before it goes on Netflix.
  OK, maybe.
  Well, can we do you know this was a sequential park?  Yeah.
 So he rose up the big escalator.
  So what that means is you couldn't decide what you were doing.
  There was an order that you had to do everything in this to me.
  And this park does seem really cool.
  This seems like it might have been a misstep along with the no photography policy that you started on this eight story escalator.
  And then you had to do every ride in order and then you were kicked out and you were done.
  And I found people saying I went there.
 It was fun.
  It was only about three hours worth of entertainment.
  Our parents had like dropped us off for the day and we just like had to sit in the lobby for like hours and wait to be picked up because you.
  There was like a very set amount of time that you could experience this.
  The so you ride the escalator up.
  And did you guys see this at the top?  There was like a strange mime waiting for you.
  Oh God.
  Okay so there were no there were different things waiting for you at the top because I found a few people who said there was like this terrifying mime who was waiting for you at the top who would bother you and who wouldn't leave you alone until more people arrived up the escalator.
  So he would just like make fun of you.
  I guess without using words.
  And then another YouTube commenter said there was a spider lady at the top.
  I'm just going to read this was YouTube commenter Jason Holliday wrote basically she poked her head through a curtain made up like a web.
  She said What questions do you have for the spider lady in a silly voice.
  We just stood there dumbfounded and she retorted.
  Well I don't know what to say if you don't have any questions.
  So you have to have an awkward conversation with the spider lady.
  The spider lady is not prepared despite the fact that you have no information about the spider lady and did not know there was a spider lady.
  She is not prepared to say well so I'm the spider lady.
  Here is the logic of me.
  Here's where I came from.
  You have to spur it with a question.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I found I found some I'm honestly not sure if these are postcards or promotional images.
  Looking at it now I'm realizing in out of the four pictures there are mimes and three.
  They are very much in the 70s kind of photography style of there's not enough lighting.
  The mind are you so this guy's a mime you're thinking.
  Yeah that is basically guys kind of fucked up.
  But then that is a mime.
  But that guy's like he's like a mime he has the makeup on his face but then he's got like an open his shirt is unbuttoned three buttons on the top and he's like kind of a swinger mime or something.
  Yeah one of them is kind of a swinger mime one of them kind of looks more like a cabaret emcee but it's a red leisure suit.
  And then I mean the other thing is in one of these pictures it looks like a little street and people with trees and like you can very clearly see what looks like just a normal industrial ceiling above it.
  Which is pipes and vents.
  Yes similar to the small world.
  Our favorite ceiling.
  I like key party mimes basically.
  That's the that's the party.
  City Marty put on stuff not present in any of these photos.
  I found one promotional photo where he is doing some kind of a stage show.
  I think you would eventually at the end wind up where he lives on his island where he's made.
  You first passed through the Tranquility Terrace which is the first three floors and which is like the weirdest it's such a Logan's Runny term which and the whole thing it being this indoor atrium and that pinball ride has a super Logan's Run vibe which is I'm giving it points.
  Yes yeah yeah yeah it's a good way to put it.
  It's so it is so cool.
  I wish it was the future crossed with Dallas office parks.
  Yeah I think this was a thing in like revitalizing city centers for a while because Baltimore has there's a building and like the inner harbor which if you've never been to Baltimore is kind of like Baltimore's equivalent to Times Square or Hollywood and Highland and eats there's like a handful of malls there used to be a plan in Hollywood there's still a hard rock cafe.
  And one of the malls has like a hotel and you you can like look out of your room and you're looking down into like a giant open air space.
  It's also very close to Camden Yards the baseball field.
  So there's this one hotel built into a mall where visiting baseball teams are constantly accosted by people winning autographs.
  But it's the closest hotel the closest nice hotel to Camden Yards.
  I thought you were gonna say like angry Baltimoreans accosting.
  Oh yeah.
 No that's the other thing.
  That was how I knew Baltimore until I saw the wire.
 I was like oh oh there's other parts of Baltimore like watching the wire.
  It's like there is one point where McNulty meets an informant at the inner harbor and I'm like oh yeah there's the finally we're on crab Jason's territory.
  Four seasons.
  To the window of a chain hotel.
  So scary interiors the Tranquility Terrace.
  Which I think was named sarcastically it seems right.
  Like it seems like this was like the loudest most terrifying.
  Most likely most visually busy.
  Yeah you can just go read a book up there.
  I don't want to give them too much credit but they did inadvertently predict like scheduling coming here in advance like in the end and which Disney and Universal definitely you have to do and now they really like encourage you to do it by like the tickets cost more on busier days.
  So this part too was like yes schedule in advance because we're only letting so many people in a day because we can fit six thousand and we will fit six thousand.
  Yeah single day.
  They were really confident about that.
  They seem to have a real fixation on little people performers they boasted of having the shortest living twins in the world.
  John and Greg Rice.
  Do you know these guys.
  I saw they exist today.
  Yeah today I know them today.
 Patty Maloney was on a craft show called Far Out Space Nuts playing a proto elf looking character named Honk that looks really crazy if you look that up.
  And the Rice twins are famous for infomercials for hawking this like cash flow generating system called Seven Small Steps and check it out on YouTube.
  Greg is still doing infomercials John passed away in 2005 but yeah there were tons of little people and also a lot of obese performers including a large man dressed as a hippo.
  There's one YouTube guy talking about so they're just like people walking around and it sounds like a crazy place.
  Yeah.
  In like a mall in like a weird or like in like an office building basically.
  Yeah what is now literally an office building it's where you know it's where it's where all it's the headquarters of our the fake news and the MSM assaults we are bombarded with each day.
  Scott not now not today we don't have time for this.
  Just cut it out.
  All right if you hear an edit know that I in real life I'm talking for an hour and a half.
  But so the alright so we're back and yeah little people obese people mimes and leisure suits puppets that are famous for being terrifying.
  That's the main way that they're known today.
  I also heard that someone had a visit there once where just suddenly they were like maybe they were having a moment of tranquility untranquility terrorists and then they were just tapped on the shoulder and somebody went hey.
  And it was Billy Barty who was another dwarf who operated in the craft diverse who played Sigmund on Sigmund and the sea monsters and later was figments of our beloved character who will one day do seven hours about.
  Yeah.
  But so yeah you could run into a famous small people as well as obscure ones.
  Oh yeah there was one story about Patty Maloney who was like there's some kid she met and then she's like I have to go meet my boyfriend and ran over to Bob Denver Gilligan who was also hanging out there.
  And I think there's a picture of Jimmy Carter visiting as well.
  Did you I don't know if you guys.
  He made it.
  Oh I didn't see that at all.
  Huh weird checking on the did he like.
  Did Nixon use it as- did Nixon went to Epcot? Carter went to eat your puppet stuff.
  Oh man.
  He only wanted to pay that five dollar admission.
  Yeah.
  Do you think he like briefly used in the like month where it was working OK.
  Did he use it as like a sign of economic prosperity under his reign.
  And then it closed.
  Yeah.
  Take that out of the presentation.
  The Camp David Accords were going to be signed at the H.
R.
 Puffin stuff and then it closed.
  Yeah yeah there everyone was going to stay in a different Lidsville lid and then meet in the morning for the peace accords.
  The spider.
 They were going to ask questions to the spider woman and that's how we were going to get many peace.
  If their answers lined up.
  I there's an observation I have about Lidsville that's confusing to me.
  The residents of Lidsville are hats and they all live in hats.
  What's going on there?  It's a car it's a precursor to Cars because like Lightning McQueen travels in a car in the Cars movies.
  Yeah he's in John Ratzenberger the truck.
  Yeah.
  He goes inside the body of his friend and gets moved around.
  Yes right so I guess I don't know is the answer.
  Unless a truck are there I mean there's a lot of Cars logic but is it is the truck body is just the trailer or not.
  Is that not part of their physiology.
  Like just the engine is like their head and their brain and their nervous system maybe.
  Yeah and then the the like flatbed part.
  Chassis.
  Yeah and the wheels are obviously part of them.
  But is it like if we wore a backpack the backpacks not part of us.
  You know I guess that is probably right.
  I guess you know yeah you're right about that.
  But then you can take their wheels off.
  Yeah.
  So what is that.
  That's like people with artificial limbs.
  I guess those are shoes.
  Another topic we could do seven hours about the physiology of the cars.
  The wheels are shoes.
  Yeah cars logic.
  But yeah the hats the hats are hats.
  Hats live in hats.
  Well not to rush us out of Lidsville but I know we're all dying to get to our next park.
  Are there any other.
  Well it seems to me like this place that goes in descending order with the order you can't control the middle is the pinball ride which is the only ride one of only two I believe.
  Well yeah there's the crystal carousel which is also cool.
  Yes which is also real strange and cool.
  Agreed.
  Yeah I think if they'd had a chance to you know expand and add more rides add more experiences clear some of the mines out and put rides in it then maybe it would have stood a chance to close four years later instead of six months.
  Just looking at the illustrated map of this park I have found four mimes.
  There's another four different ones.
 There's a look like a mime entryway on the top floor and then there's just two mimes hanging out above each other.
  I don't know how you just they're everywhere.
  Always a mime using one of the urinals station on mimes.
  Oh yeah.
  You can end it in the heavenly slumber cemetery which is full of talking mushrooms with the faces and voices of Cagney Bogart and Edward G.
 Robinson favorites of kids everywhere.
  Those guys would show up it's like Looney Tunes cartoon.
  Yeah.
  Kids must have loved those like grizzled character actors.
  Two of them show up in the great movie ride.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Wait.
 Weird.
  And there were also there were puppets of Bowie and Elton John.
  Yes and Stevie Wonder.
  And I think there's only maybe 17 seconds of footage of this park really that still exists.
  Or I didn't see the pinball one that you found but on YouTube there's like a bear puppet wearing either a bow tie or a bikini top jumping rope for 17 seconds and that's all that exists of this 60 million dollar endeavor.
  We had four photos out of it.
 That's great.
  I know these are like in the promo art here.
  These are probably like Bobby's or policeman but Mario it looks like Mario and Luigi to me doesn't it?  Oh yeah.
  Kind of does.
  A little red dwarf from the green dwarf.
  Yeah right above the mushroom.
 Mushroom kingdom.
 So maybe.
  Is that another thing they can sue about?  Yeah maybe.
  Can now and is Marty is still alive? Maybe he could sue Nintendo?  Marty Croft v.
 Shiguru Miyamoto.
  Two diminutive characters both of whom wear red and green hats respectively.
 They are not mayors.
  You know what I'm thinking on that map you can actually in the lower is it the same map the lower left hand corner you see a mushroom with the face of like an old gangster.
  Yeah yeah.
  So that is there is evidence of that.
  I think one of them is smoking too.
 So I think the smoking one is Bogart and the one on the far left is Edward G.
 Robinson.
  Yeah I think they're both smoking.
 I'm pretty sure they both have a cigarette or cigar in their mouth.
  Yeah a lot of kids characters back in the day were smoking.
  I honestly think that's fun and I'm kind of bummed out that no one can smoke in movies anymore.
  Oh yeah because I always like scenes where a character we like is bombarded with cigar smoke.
  Of course.
  And it lets in they struggle and then it makes you be more on their side and it adds to the stakes lets you know they're in a bad place.
  You know what cigars in we just covered the American Adventure.
 You got cigars in that.
 You got cigars in Pinocchio's Daring Journey.
  So theme parks have not.
 Theme parks are still doing cigars luckily.
  But after they get rid of the redhead scene and pirates are coming for the cigars.
  What's next?  In 2018 they're coming for the cigars.
  Slippery slope.
  Yep.
  I was also thinking this is funny past guest Mike Mitchell complained a lot about Guardians as did Doug Jones about Guardians of the Galaxy taking over Tower of Terror which of course is a beloved attraction so it's a little bit different.
  But like this was a very current like I these were very current characters for the time be like when they built this thing and there was no there was no one should have expected this to last as far as characters that would like stand the test of time.
  So would a Mike Mitchell at the time have been complaining about well these aren't character no one likes shit and Marty Croft's characters.
  So you would have fought for what was there before.
  Yeah yeah.
  Which is nothing.
  Office buildings.
  Yeah.
  Yeah that's what I'm saying.
  Would he then have been upset.
  But then in 80s Mike Mitchell might have been upset that they got rid of Ted Turner.
  I don't know the original CNN anchors but let's say Wolf Blit nobody likes Wolf Blitzer.
  You got to keep Jimmy the Lid in there.
  Yeah I think that's right.
  Keep Edward G.
 Robinson the mushroom.
  We love him.
  We love Edward G.
 Robinson mushroom.
  If he somehow he's hearing this he's just like saying fuck you no one is furious that we're using him as a placeholder for a lot of opinions.
  Grumpy Disneyland message board posters.
  And instead of saying that we just say Mike Mitchell.
  He represents all of them.
  Yes.
  Speaking of Tower of Terror is are there many other things based on T.
  I feel like I have heard imagineer talk about this where it's like there's lots of rides based on movies but TV shows just don't have the like emotional cash.
  Like they they just don't have the staying power because like every few years that bad like 10 years ago there was rumors of like Disney doing a lost experience or like doing a Phineas and Ferb ride.
  And like yeah both those things I think Phineas and Ferb still popular with kids but not like the time I went to Disney World like six years ago and we all learned very quickly who Perry the platypus was because he was everywhere.
  He's a lot less everywhere nowadays.
  I feel like.
  Yeah the less TV show rides probably at these big parks.
  Right.
  Was there a prominent.
  Yeah.
  I mean it started.
  Yeah there you got there always a little like there's stuff you can take out more easily like there's a Walking Dead made right.
  So the simp the Simpsons.
  But so you have to your show has to be on for 25 years.
  Once these shows are no longer airing it feels old where it's like a movie just exists or and it's kind of around.
  But it's probably an old it's probably an old feeling that probably should go away because it because at the time TV was always more disposable.
  Then that was a dip that was everyone's like perception of it.
  Do you remember you must remember a universal part of the tour was like they would take you into a Battlestar Galactica room.
  Oh yeah we haven't really talked about that much.
  Yeah yeah.
  I didn't know what that was when I came out here in the 80s and.
  Yeah yeah I think I must have taken the tour at one point and not known what that was even supposed to be.
  It's like a bunch of mannequins.
  I'm sure that.
  It felt like just a generic space adventure as far as I knew but you know it wasn't too plot deep.
  It's not it wasn't you know it didn't have care beloved characters like the new Battlestar.
  You didn't have to represent Edward James almost or.
  Right this was this was old Battlestar.
  Yeah and they had my and there was the Miami Vice stunt show but yeah more temporary things I feel.
  Yeah because TV shows don't have the staying power of rock bands.
  All right here we go.
  Pull aside the beaded curtain and put on your prism glasses as we go to.
  Where rock comes to play.
  The Hard Rock Park.
  Hard Rock Park.
  In Myrtle Beach South Carolina.
  Here we are entertain us.
  That was said on the gate as you walked in.
  Which did look a little bit like the gate to Auschwitz.
  When they have that sign that says work equals freedom.
  The march begins.
  This is of course the park we were saying opened and closed within six months.
  It opened in 2008 in the spring of 2008 and closed in the fall of 2008.
  150 days.
  150 days.
  And then miraculously a year later opened as the kind of more generic freestyle music park in 2009.
  And then closed in the fall of 2009.
  So not only did it open and close quickly once but as we said it did it twice.
  Wow that's a theme park rarity.
  Yeah.
  And probably never to be achieved again.
  I mean there are stories of like parks opening and closing and then reopening and closing.
  The North Jersey urban legend Action Park comes to mind.
  Sometimes called Traction Park.
  Due to so many horrifying injuries happening at it.
  But yeah this.
  But that didn't cost 400 million dollars like the Hard Rock Park did.
  Oh man.
  The crazy.
  All the footage.
  This happened in 2008 and everything you watch.
  It's so crazy how something so recent looks like it was like 50 years ago.
  Yeah it was right on the line of like everyone having standard.
  Or high def cameras on them at all times.
  Everything's in standard def.
  Oh yeah true.
  Well and just stylistically.
  I was showing my wife a lot of.
  I made her watch.
  We'll get into all the pieces of it.
  But there's a stunt show that is set all to like rock you like a hurricane and rat and stuff.
  And then I showed her like just an outfit of what like what women had to wear if they worked in the park.
  Oh my god.
  Which is like short leather skirt and like fishnets.
  And she was.
  She just made some comment about like god this is the most 90s thing I've ever seen.
  And then I was like no no 2008.
  This was seven years after the events of 9-11.
  Which impacted this park.
  It is part of the tale.
  I don't know if you saw the correlation between 9-11.
  No I didn't.
  That's just how I think of things like.
  Yeah.
  In terms of like.
  DC and AG.
  Yeah like it's happened.
  That recently this happened.
  Yeah.
  A couple of years ago.
  Really recently.
  Really recently also the 2008 recession had a big.
  A big part to play in this.
  It didn't help.
  Listen listeners we should tell you we all spent like the whole day in gross at least  it like what it's like you would just pull back a layer of the onion and there would  just be more onions.
  And so we're more there.
  There's so that's true.
  Yeah.
  Multiple on the onion.
  Yeah not layers just new onions.
  Yeah that's that's accurate.
  I am honestly a little intimidated.
  I'm not even sure how to talk about the genesis of it.
  What we've discovered about.
  Yeah.
  Well let's set the scene.
  Someone set the scene.
  We're in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
  A place we've not yet talked about on the podcast.
  And this is one of those meccas of tourist trap insanity.
  I was there probably in the late 90s.
  I don't remember it very well.
  I was more recently in Niagara Falls and it feels a lot like Niagara Falls to me where  it's not just two of the tourist trap chains it's all of them.
  They have Planet they had at one point Planet Hollywood the all star cafe the sports restaurant  that was around for a little while.
  There's an M&M thing medieval times is Margaritaville.
  There's something called the Ripken experience like a Cal Ripken ball.
  It has 10 replicas of different great ballparks across the country.
  Insane how much tourist trappy stuff.
  And then of course there is a hard rock cafe.
  So they planted seeds in this area a little bit.
  And it's all very close to the ocean.
  It's like there's an amusement park pier and stuff.
  So it's this very like amusement heavy area as is.
  This was not close enough to the ocean.
  That was something that did it in.
  It was kind of a little more on the outskirts.
  Originally conceived as a place called Fantasy Harbor that was going to be themed to the four seasons.
  Yeah well I think we have to start getting into the protagonist of our story whose name is John Binkowski.
  John Binkowski.
  Because strangely this park did not start with the hard rock cafe deciding to open a theme park branch.
  Even though they were already in Myrtle Beach it began with the vision of one man.
  By all accounts the hard rock cafe seems to have been dragged into this and wanted nothing to do with it.
  It was literally like a coincidence that brought all this together.
  Yeah it was a neighbor.
  Okay so I'll try to say it fairly quickly.
  John Binkowski was a guy in the theme park world.
  He worked at a company, it was his company I believe called Renaissance Entertainment.
  Which was still around.
  Centralized in Celebration Florida which is the Disney built planned community in Florida.
  And his company did a lot of attractions and shows.
  They did a Baywatch stunt show that was in a lot of sea worlds across the country.
  Did they have anything to do with the water world stunt show?  There's like concept art on their website.
  On their website yeah I think they did concept arts and some original like scripting or blocking or the stunts.
  They blocked the water world.
  There's a weird word used but one of the Batman stunt shows, the Lethal Weapon stunt show which I saw a couple times at Six Flags Great Adventure.
  Very short lived.
 There was a Lethal Weapon stunt show on a body of water.
  It's unclear a lot of the when you're talking about all these companies that do this type of work.
  It is a bit unclear like what they actually did.
  Well I think it's like.
  Somebody could have planned the whole ride and then as you said someone could have just blocked a show.
  Somebody could have just told the actors where to stand.
  Their websites are pretty much glorified.
 Minimal portfolios or business cards.
  Like the resume CV's.
 You gotta be in the business to see the nitty gritty.
  And to know who's who.
  So did you read about John in 97, the UFO encounter thing that he did?  No.
  That's all over his YouTube channel which I was checking out today.
  It's called UFO Encounters.
  There's a really long video about it.
 It looks like it only appeared at the LA County Fair.
  And then Never Again.
 But it was intended to be like a touring attraction where families can go and be abducted by aliens.
  And like experimented on by aliens.
  Experimented on.
  Yeah like and you're like there's a.
 You go in a replica of a craftsman home.
  And like things shake around.
 And like there's different phases you go.
 It looks really cool.
  It looked like a fun thing.
 And I guess it didn't really take off.
  But yeah so this is a guy that's really kind of had a bunch of themed entertainment projects for a long time.
  By the time.
 At least 20 years by the time this park got off the ground.
  Directed something called Pirates 4D.
 There was a movie that's played in a couple theme parks.
  But so the as alluded to on the terrible day of September 11th 2001.
 It sends the theme park industry into a spiral.
  Kills tourism.
 People don't want to fly.
  He had been doing a lot of work for the bigger name theme parks.
 Sometimes Universal.
 Sometimes SeaWorld.
  And all of his clients have bailed on him because nobody's investing new money in anything.
  And he is left with his sole thing that he has investments in which is a Myrtle Beach ice skating theater called the Ice Castle Theater.
  Which was mostly known for a show that they did that I looked into called.
  Maybe I'm getting the name wrong.
 But it's something like you know the like haunted ice haunted ice show with Nancy Kerrigan.
  Halloween on ice.
  There was also a Christmas variation.
  And also with Miss Kerrigan.
 Oh really.
 Okay.
 So she was a frequent client of the theater.
  I think it would be like her and a Frankenstein doing an ice skating routine.
  That's exactly it.
 I saw one where they they invoked some of the most the spookiest characters in all of Halloween.
  Batman and Robin.
 Batman and Robin are skating around and then the villains show up and Nancy Kerrigan is Catwoman.
  Oh she's in character.
 Yeah.
 So Nancy Kerrigan is performing in the show every show.
 Yes.
  So it's like Elvira at Knots or something.
 There's not an actress playing Nancy Kerrigan.
  No.
 No no no.
 The real deal.
 And but she also I don't think all of her Halloween on ice work was at this place.
  Because I saw footage of something that happened in Boston.
 A haunted show.
 Which I if I could describe it.
  Nancy is skating free in a flowing dress of virginal white.
 She is very innocent as we always picture her.
  And then she gets in a bed that's on the ice and goes to sleep.
 And then the skeletons come out to play.
  Like eight skeletons like surround her bed and taunt her.
 And then she wakes up and oh my God she's in a nightmare.
  And then like 50 more skeletons all skate in and she has to skate around and avoid them.
  And they just do circles around her and like what's the bit when all the skaters line up.
  They just like do a big line.
 A synchronized line.
 Like Nancy there's only so many.
  That's not a bit.
 Not traditionally.
 Like a can can sort of.
  Like a skating move that when all the skeletons skate in a line.
  You guys know the term.
 It's a whip.
 They all like are all whipping around and around.
  There's only so many ways that skating skeletons can haunt somebody.
  But she's trying to avoid them in every way but jumping because she is pregnant at the time of this video that I watched.
  What? Yeah.
 She's doing a haunted ice show while pregnant.
 She shouldn't skate.
  She shouldn't be on the ice.
 She should take a little break.
  For our younger listeners you're probably thinking like oh as I'm hearing that well the Olympics will probably be over by the time this is released.
  They're still going as we're recording in the 90s figure skating was insanely popular.
  Like there was a boom and bust similar to the stand up comedy boom and bust of the 80s and 90s.
  And the current comedy bust 2018 through forever.
  But yeah.
 By the time you're listening to this comedy will be done.
  Yeah.
 Some article recently about like I don't know if it was an interview with Scott Hamilton but just like talking about like skaters were making insane amounts of money in the 90s and then kind of quickly faded to the background.
  But at the time she skated to glory.
  Wow.
  Not just in her famous Olympic appearance but.
  Yeah.
 Did she let me ask a question.
 Did she have the was she still in the white dress while she was being chased by the skeletons or it was a different was it an outfit change.
  Yeah it was very they are there in black and she's in white and it's the good versus evil.
  You know some people in the cheap seats can tell who's good and evil.
  Sure.
  Because confusingly she was also Catwoman one of history's greatest villains.
  Anyway.
  OK.
 So this ice theater.
  So John.
  Had a failed mall next to it.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 There is this weird there's this weird area that this guy has land deals in.
 That's an ice theater a failing mall and like the back of a medieval times where they were grazing horses and now are again.
  So the guy his work options are limited and he's like I have to make my own opportunity.
  Look there's a big lake here as well that's the other thing which is you know very similar to California Adventure is a big lake that was actually just a clay quarry that got filled up with rainwater and then it stayed.
  So you know I got a quarry I got an abandoned mall.
 This is the beginnings of a theme park obviously.
  So he set out to get funding from banks.
  He went out with an idea that's the four seasons not the band Jersey Boys but the four seasons of a year.
  And he we watched this I think we all watched part of a presentation that he gave where did you guys see where he like showed the characters who would be fundamental in the seasons park who were like the Easter Bunny for spring.
  Yes.
  Uncle Sam for summer.
  Of course.
  And then for another great Halloween character like Batman and Robin Jack Pumpkinhead.
  Jack Pumpkinhead.
  He just presents confidently.
  And then obviously Jack Pumpkinhead.
  Is Jack Pumpkinhead a character from the other Wizard of Oz books like that Jack Pumpkinhead.
  Well he says he makes a point that these are all public domain characters.
  And all the Wizard of Oz characters are are in not still but of course in the public domain.
  Uh huh.
  Oh okay.
  Winter.
  Santa.
  He has Santa in there right.
  Santa is still allowed.
  Santa on the PowerPoint I think.
  It's Jimmy Icicle.
  Ironically public domain for how much licensing would end up fueling the actual park.
  Yes that's true.
  Oh yeah exactly.
  Well so the bank tells him like the seasons aren't enough to get a park financed you need some IP that beloved IP that we love so dear.
  So he goes to some of these other places he goes to MGM.
  He tries to get them to sponsor a park.
  And he makes a big map with all of the MGM properties and then that they aren't interested in getting they already had an experience in Las Vegas.
  They don't want to get back into the theme park game.
  So he's like Binkowski is not sure what to do what theme could what brand could I get involved to get this place built.
  And then he somehow miraculously thinks of hard rock.
  Well someone tells him the way I read it is that someone tells him you should talk to your neighbor next door your next door neighbor.
  He is an executive or was an executive at Hard Rock and that would be Steve Goodwin.
  No wait no I'm sorry he's he's also involved but this is this is Oliver Munday.
  Yeah I was in my head I was like oh is it Goodwin like I all of these characters live in my head now.
  I knew it was Oliver Munday.
  I knew it was Munday because that's what my boss at Conan Mike Sweeney called Nick Mundy an actor or friend who was often in sketches and he never learned the name correctly.
  Can we get Munday?  So no relation Oliver Munday.
  Power play.
  It might have been he was up to something.
  So they go to the do you have the official corporate owner the hard rock brand and the cafes and hotels and everything is owned by the Seminole tribe nowadays right.
  Yes I read that yeah.
  And they Hard Rock of course like operates some of these and then they license out the name for stuff too and they seem pretty on board pretty quickly for this theme park right.
  Well they had him he went over with a bottle of wine to his neighbor's house and presented him with like a two page outline explaining that it will the park will have all the tenants of rock music and it'll be a family friendly place where kids and adults can rock out.
  Together and this was this string of words was enough to get him in the door although it went away he never thought about it again.
  And then the Oliver Munday calls him and says hey I talked to my bosses they're in actually they're interested so can you come back in 48 hours like with your plan and all the specifics.
  Yes sure can do.
  He has no specifics is nothing figured out but he talks to his friend this might be Goodwin.
  This is Goodwin they went to Kinko's that's where.
  Yes they went to Kinko's.
  They had this very fateful jam session at Kinko's.
  Where they're just putting labels over the old they're taking MGM they're taking what was probably a James Bond ride and then just and then putting like Dixie Chicks ride over it.
  James Blunt.
  Which actually like this is like kind of prophetic in like how quickly they would have to re-theme the park later on once Hard Rock pulled out.
  Yeah we'll get to that.
  So he quickly mods out the makes it rockified.
  But there's something that I noticed that he like there's he's just hypothetically throwing out bands that made or may not be of course I can get the Beatles involved.
  And I saw I looked at the map of the kid with the Kinko's labels and there's a plot of a dark ride and he just put he puts like the different eras of the Beatles into different rooms on the on the dark ride.
  And it's like you know probably the more visual like eras of the Beatles it's you know here will be it you know will be in the Liverpool era or in the Cavern Club and then we'll go to the Yellow Submarine and Magical Mystery Tour and then the last room is Anthology.
  Like there's gonna be a room in the ride based on like so I guess that section would be a bearded Ringo Starr reminiscing in a pasture.
  George just glaring at Paul not wanting to be there.
  Sean off with his old assistants that Yoko was like go live with this assistant for a year and then I'll send you back.
  You gotta cover the lost year in the ride.
  I thought you were gonna say John is off with God.
  Yes.
  A nice ending to the ride like the Blue Fairy granting life to Pinocchio.
  Perhaps the ride ends with John granting his blessing for free as a bird to be recorded for the Anthology.
  Sounds good.
  I love that old dune.
  In 2007 Hard Rock Cafe Inc.
 was sold to the Seminole Tribe of Florida and it is headquartered in beautiful Orlando, Florida.
  As of December 2015 there are 191 Hard Rock locations in 61 countries that includes 173 cafes, 23 hotels and 11 casinos.
  Jesus Christ.
  And so the Seminole Tribe came into this very late in the game because this was happening it took like six years to open.
  Yeah so like they did get this park open while a corporate like ownership sale of the Hard Rock Company was happening.
  And I guess it was just moving so along at that point the park that they're like okay I guess we have a theme park now.
  The Seminoles are looking forward to that they want to go on Led Zeppelin the ride.
  This really makes me think that if we just find like a millionaire we could just get a theme park open.
  Like let's find a company that has like anything movies a play maybe famous plays I don't know.
  Like somebody owns a bunch of plays and we'll make a theme park.
  So you own Gypsy.
  Yeah well.
  That is what's like kind of incredible about this story is like this guy that has bounced around in that world got to open a 400 million dollar theme park.
  I know.
  It seems unfathomable that you would like have an idea and be like yeah there's land here.
  Get this like you know license to do this and make some calls in like six years.
  But eventually it's like yeah I've got 255 million dollars lined up.
  Like completely forgetting that it didn't last very long.
  This is still like an incredible achievement.
  It's pretty amazing.
  He's credited as such in the theme park world.
  People like are very complimentary of this park.
  Yeah and that he did it like yeah he had no connection to any of this to Hard Rock whatsoever.
  Suddenly he's with them.
  They're branding everything.
  He went to talk to Led Zeppelin and shit and then and then it's gone and it falls apart.
  And all of this happened and he didn't like go to jail.
  Like not that he should go to jail.
  I don't think he did anything wrong.
  But like that this wasn't the kind of situation where somebody like screwed up so bad.
  This is the kind of story where they're usually like bodies at the end of it.
  And then it got really bad.
 Like this just like didn't work out.
  He seems to be fine.
 He moved on.
  In an interview a few years ago he said like oh yeah Renaissance we're working on stuff for Shanghai Disneyland.
  And it's like oh my god.
  He's doing fine.
  He's doing fine.
  He's thriving.
  Are we saying this because we think John is listening?  Yeah.
  No he seems like a nice guy.
  Our fans we do we're all sad we didn't get to go to this park.
  We definitely need to see it accurate.
  And we are being honest.
  I'll say this if John's listening let's give it another go.
  Let's get us involved.
  Let's get us involved.
 Go back to the Seminole tribe.
  We got some ideas.
 Maybe we'll say them at the end of this whole segment.
  Absolutely.
  We'll just find a new quarry to build around.
  It's got to be an abandoned quarry somewhere.
  Where's the new tourist I don't know in Mississippi?  Just get a Skrillex coaster going.
  Yeah.
  Guys I know I have the lead on a plot of land outside of a vacation spot in South Carolina  that is currently occupied.
  Oh wow.
  You actually do?  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Well let's start talking finances.
  The old freestyle music park.
  Oh I remember the old freestyle music park.
  Whatever happened to that?  So that needs an owner?  Alright.
  Yeah.
  Let's buy it up.
  So there was this long money raising period where it says he got seed money from Israeli firms  and was able to sell 255 million dollars worth of bonds.
  And so he had hundreds of millions of dollars.
  Oh yeah.
  Specifically because you brought up the Israeli firm.
  Oh boy.
  I even know it about this.
  This is not quite, no one is in jail but there is some legality stuff.
  One of the investors in the park is named Africa Israel Investments.
  Their American branch owns the New York Times building which I just think is an interesting fact.
  This company, to allude to what happens at the end of this park, this company just wrote off its 10 million dollar investment.
  They just wrote it off.
  This company also in 2008 dealing with some controversy.
  They got a lot of newspaper coverage for its association with the construction of Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
  Oh my goodness.
  In A'amahit territory.
  All like rock themed.
  All rock themed settlements.
  Yeah.
  The Wailing Wall like the Pink Floyd Wall.
  Nice.
  So numerous investors.
  This is all in this park.
 You don't raise 400 million dollars without making a few compromises ethically.
  Apparently not.
  This is all making me think why the fuck didn't circa this time, like in 2006, riding high on The Apprentice, why didn't Trump just start Trumpland?  I think we could have missed all of this.
  Like it's a great shady investors and stuff.
 This is so up his alley.
  Again, if we kept reading for another few hours, we might have found out like, oh, okay, 20 million from Trump International.
  Sure.
  Yeah, that makes sense.
  He was involved in the weird failed Warner Brothers stores, we found out.
  Really?  But didn't his family crush a local theme park? Isn't that what happened?  There was some story about.
.
.
  Oh, in Atlantic City?  Yeah.
  Something like that.
  Yeah, it's part of Coney Island.
  Coney Island.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Oh, yeah, in Atlantic.
.
.
  Oh, yes.
  The Trumps outlawed fun on the boardwalk.
  That's why this never happened.
  But he is the president of Trumpland of a failing theme park.
  He would be having so much more fun than being the president of a failed country.
  But also he is the president of Trumpland of failing theme parks called the United States of America.
  But he hasn't gotten to design any coasters on a cocktail napkin and then make people figure out how it works.
  People are going to fall out of it.
 It's going to catch on fire.
  Who do we think is a better leader? Trump or H.
R.
 Puff and stuff?  As far as him treating his people well.
  I'd have to look into his policies, the specifics of his mayoral run.
  Yup.
  All right.
  Plus his father and the Klan.
  Both their fathers were in the Klan.
  A giant wide hood over his giant wide head.
  Yeah, like an archival photo and one of the Klansmen has a giant head.
  A very wide mouth.
  Which one was your dad?  I don't think he's in there.
 I don't see him.
  He was arrested nearby but he had nothing to do with it.
  So yeah, they scared up this investment.
  Yeah, where are we?  I know, we're not even in the park yet.
  In the investment, which the investment, I mean if you're talking about the successes and failures of the park,  the investment, the money being divided up, the thing that kept coming up is that like they got this money,  but then there was no more money.
  It's like this is your allowance for the week.
  Yeah, that is so crazy.
  And that is like I think maybe jumping ahead a little bit, but they had apparently 400 million dollars  and then all these stories say but they had no money to buy any advertising.
  Yeah, the advertising got mucked up somewhere.
  Now there are commercials you can find online which are something else.
  It's usually people in normal settings and then they start acting like rock and rollers and a logo comes up  and an announcer goes like, must have been to Hard Rock Park.
  There's one that Binkowski presents as having been banned where a waiter comes up to a group of off-screen women at a table  and says, so can I get you ladies anything else?  And then they all throw their panties at his face and then, must have been to Hard Rock.
  He might be mixing up band with like just people who didn't want to air it.
  Just rock and roll.
  Just bummed out.
  Comedic taste didn't align.
  Maybe, oh sorry.
  Oh no, I was going to say that reminds me, like the panties thing reminds me.
  This is also like it's hard rock, but I mean the hard rock cafes and the hard rock hotels kind of encompass a lot of popular music.
  There is like, you know, there's folk stuff in there.
 There's hip hop stuff in there.
 There's a lot of memorabilia.
  This hard rock park is very specific in its definition of rock and roll.
  I think I wrote down the note somewhere, white baby boomer nonsense.
  Like a very specific kind of like, yeah, Zep and Moody Blue and oh man, Arlo Guthrie was so funny my man.
  It's very narrow focused in its definition of rock and roll.
  And nothing I would ever think that you would think like kids would be psyched to go to.
  No.
  Which you would need on board to support a thing like that.
  Yeah, a reminder, 2008.
  2008.
  This is 10 years ago.
  It's not like this was 85 or 92.
 A time maybe when you go, okay, those bands were popular 20 years ago.
  We're talking like 30, 40 years ago when these bands were like having hits.
  So it's even more insane to think about building an entire theme park around them.
  Building a multimillion dollar Moody Blues ride in 2008.
  2008.
  Moody Blues who my main association with is that Simpsons gag about like,  it's like, who are the Moody Blues?  The Moody Blues are just getting into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame this year.
  This year.
  Oh boy.
  That's finally happening.
  They were on The Simpsons though.
  Like when The Simpsons just became like a checklist of who do we want to meet.
  Like they show up in a Las Vegas episode and talk to Homer and Flanders.
  You know, because like you got to get some of the big famously Vegas centric bands like the Moody Blues.
  I don't understand.
  It's also like crazy because this is like, we're getting I guess ahead of ourselves.
  But this this Moody Blues ride, which is the crown jewel of Hard Rock Park.
  I've restrained myself from making this joke before, but we might need to put on a pot of coffee.
  I other topics we've been like, oh yeah, this is going to be a while.
  We might talk about this for a while.
  But this I'm like, I might need to.
  So this was supposed to be the Beatles ride.
  This is the first idea was a fun magical mystery type thing.
  But the Beatles people were like, it's got to be a whole Beatles land, which it's crazy that they didn't go.
  Yes, that's let's make the Beatles land because that's the most popular band.
  That's actually still a relevant band in 2008.
  Instead, he was like, no, thank you.
  No, thank you.
 We don't want your Beatles license.
  Get the hell on the list.
  The Moody Blues.
  Get them on the phone.
  What about the kinks?  What about why do why don't we go to another band?  Like they did try Pink Floyd.
  They did try Pink Floyd.
  They said no, but like there are twenty five to fifty bands that are bigger than the Moody Blues.
  No offense to Moody Blues are good.
  Yeah.
  But if you're doing something that people are going to recognize.
  I'm not sure I've heard the song Knights in White Satin.
  I thought it was Procol Harum's.
  Yeah.
  Wider Shade of Pale for the longest time.
  They occupy kind of the same space and then culture.
  And then I thought it was White Room as well.
  I thought that the Cream song.
  Mm hmm.
 I get no word.
  Black curtains.
  I was like, oh, that's what that song is.
  And I thought it was White Rabbit.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Until yesterday, I thought it was Knights with a K in White Satin.
  And then I looked up the song and it's like the inspiration for the song was one of the members of the Moody Blues got a set of satin sheets as a gift.
  And I read this and I thought this is what Jason Sheridan would write a song about his sheets on his bed.
  Oh, he's like in the house.
  Soft the sheets are.
  Wait, is it really not Knights with a K?  It's not Knights with a K.
  No, it's Knights.
  Because it's like.
  But there is a knight in the lobby.
  That's the right interpretation of it.
  It's not.
  It's about him just having a nice night on nice sheets.
  You know why?  Because you see that quote they asked the guy who wrote it and they're like, what do you think of the ride?  He's like, well, that wasn't really what that song was about.
  Ha ha.
  It's like implying that it was about fucking.
  Like, yeah.
  No, Knights in White Satin in that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's like, yeah, like I'm in bed with a real Nancy Kerrigan as babe.
  Just another knight in white satin.
  So this ride is like.
  So this ride, we'll circle it back around to the creation of the park and the opening.
  We do have to cover the groundbreaking.
  Oh yeah.
  We'll get back to that.
  But yeah, let's bang out.
  Let's bang out.
  Mike, do you happen to have the name of this ride on hand?  Knights in White Satin, the wait, it's the trip.
  The trip.
  Yeah, the trip.
  It's not Knights in White Satin, the ride.
  No.
  Knights in White Satin, the trip.
  We should change the name of the podcast.
  The podcast, the trip.
  The trip.
  Just for this episode.
  For this episode.
  New logo and like a man put over, paced over at a big trippy.
  You see the entrance.
  The entrance is crazy.
  I mean, we'll post all of this on Twitter.
  Showing us the facade and it is like.
  You're being summoned into a room by a psychedelic wizard.
  This flames of fire.
  And you know what?  I don't know if you can see it in this, but there is apparently a poster for this ride  that has a lot of weird little hidden imagery.
  And in John Benkowski's corporate presentation, he points out that you can see the ultrasound  photo of a baby of an employee who was working on this ride.
  Like she lent a photo of her fetus to be a trippy visual.
  Now what we're kind of glossing over is the fact that everyone who went on it says it's  the greatest dark ride that has ever been built.
  Here's the thing.
  Just reading the name of the ride.
  Every time I would come across the trip part of the ride, I would get viscerally angry.
  Once I hit number three on journalists who said this is the greatest dark ride ever,  I was just like, I need to step away for a few minutes.
  So there's a guy named Jeremy Thompson who has a website called Roller Coaster Philosophy,  I think.
  Have you guys ever seen that?  And he writes these really, really long in-depth reviews of theme parks.
  Very thoughtful.
  Very thoughtful.
  And just really, really long, well thought out stuff that treats dark rides as an art  form.
  And he's also very hard on everything.
  He kind of hates everything.
  And this is how I discovered this park is because he had his list of top ten dark rides  of all time.
  He's been at every theme park in the world and he ranks this as the number one.
  I mean, I looked at those ride-through videos and it does not do it justice if it's truly  that great.
  It looks like a better version of the Garfield's Nightmare.
  It really looks like, I don't know, I'm missing something.
  There's no story.
  It's like if you were making a 60s mini-series and one of the characters had a psychedelic  trip, that's what they tried to recreate for this ride.
  You're going through it and there are knights in white satin.
  In white satin, yeah.
  UK knights.
  Yeah, and they take a swing at you on the ride and then you keep going and there's floating  stuff.
  There's floating candles.
  And it's like, it is what he wanted a magical mystery tour ride, I guess, to be, but then  he just put this whole druggy narrative on this song that's just about having sex on  a nice bed.
  Oh wait, which also is.
.
.
  The best part of great sex is when you're on a really nice bed.
  That's what the songwriter was trying to highlight specifically.
  Bed quality.
  Lumbar support.
  Look, the trippiness starts in the queue where you go through a beaded curtain and then you're  given prism, like weird prism glasses, and you go through some dark, dark black light  hallways and then you ride through the satin night room and then there's a floating candle  room and then bang, the ride becomes a screen ride.
  Yeah, once you're past some optical illusions, like I think I was a little more with it for  the first minute and then it does seem to become just like lights, just a candle.
  A screen ride where they did not bother to put a screen portion over the tunnel.
  Like in a lot of rides, the screen will cover doors and then the doors will open up and  you'll go through, not this, you can see the hole you're about to go through and then you  go through a tunnel with lights.
  And I'm also glossing over the fact that as I'm watching this, I think like, oh, there's  a spoken word interlude?  No, it is not a spoken word interlude, it's a spoken word ending.
  What?  Oh, it-  That the ride ends with-  Yeah, with this weird poem.
  With a weird poem, no music.
  Oh, which includes the line, new mother picks up and suckles her son.
  Senior citizens wish they were young.
  You're hearing this, you're on a ride with a child hearing these lyrics.
  I feel like everyone walked out of this ride in tears.
  Like, I think we will never in our lives understand how powerful this was.
  Every single person is like, this is the greatest ride I've ever been on.
  I mean, you sent us that rollercoaster philosophy website and I'm like, okay, well, this is  just one blogger.
  And then the slightest bit of research got me to a write-up about the park from Beth  J.
 Harpas, the Associated Press travel editor, who also said it was one of her all-time favorite  theme park rides right up there with Disney Soarin', which again, also kind of a weird  statement.
  That's weird.
  That's weird.
  And then I got to give credit, a lot of my knowledge of this park comes from a theme  park university, a great blog that I've read for a long time.
  And I had never gotten around to reading their hard-  They wrote a 10-part series on the hard rock park.
  And I thought like, well, I'll speed through the end.
  I did not speed through this.
  I spent a day reading this part because I found it so encroasing.
  But then even at the end of this 10-part series, he shouts out, he says it's one of his favorite,  it might be his favorite turn-grider at all times.
  It does feel like we're being gaslighted or something.
  It feels like everyone's like, yeah, this is the greatest ride.
  And then we look at every piece of information about it and go, what are you talking about?  Maybe there was some kind of hypnotism kind of thing when you get off of it that makes  you walk away thinking you've had this incredibly transcendent experience.
  A gas was released into the room.
  Apparently the audio quality was very good.
  I don't think that's enough for me.
  Oh, John talks a lot about the audio quality.
  JL Audio.
  Shout out to JL Audio.
  He talks a lot about the audio quality at the park.
  The PV amps that were everywhere.
  He said, we're not hiding these amps, and then he said, we want to have the logos bigger.
  So PV made special logos to make their logo bigger on the amps around the park.
  The park was more, when you're walking around Disneyland, all the speakers are hidden.
  Yes.
  And they were proud to have them all out and like, labeled, heavily labeled.
  Funny that you guys mentioned the speakers.
  I don't know if you watched the safety video for Led Zeppelin, the ride.
  I couldn't find it.
  Oh, I found it.
  No, John put it on YouTube.
  Oh.
  And the safety video.
  The safety video, not the preshow.
  The preshow.
  The preshow is not online.
  I spent an hour trying to find it.
  I think because I learned it's the first three minutes of the song, so it probably was just  taken down for copyright immediately.
  Yes.
  That was the big, not to keep jumping around, but that was the big complaint about Led Zeppelin,  the ride, is that you had to watch a five minute preshow of them performing this song  every time you wanted to just ride this roller coaster.
  Yeah, because they insisted a full song.
  You had to get a full song.
  You couldn't, as pointed out by theme park university, you could not do a five minute  70 mile per hour roller coaster because people would die.
  So you get like the first 80 percent of that song in the preshow and then the song.
  And then there's a break?  And then you get in the car and then it finishes.
  I think the song continues as the door's open.
  As the door's open, you get in.
  And what is the song?  I'm forgetting the song now.
  Whole Lotta Love.
  It's Whole Lotta Love.
  It's Whole Lotta Love.
  It's Whole Lotta Love.
  It's Whole Lotta Love.
  Go ahead.
  I know what you're going to say.
  Before you see that, you watch this safety video, which is so confusing and convoluted  because it's about what like numbers to stand on if you want to stay with your party.
  It's like this computer animation.
  But they're saying you get into the roller coaster and it says, make sure you don't damage  the high fidelity onboard audio speakers when you get into the ride, which I've never seen  any of these things.
  And you like, this guy was so concerned about the speakers.
  Like make sure everyone, these fucking idiots know, don't touch the speakers.
  He was very proud of it.
  Like you can see he's in this presentation.
  He's like beaming when he's talking about the PV amps and speakers.
  Yeah.
  Well, another thing that's touted about the park is that there's seamless transitions  from the music on the ride to the music out in the park.
  So if you're in a restaurant and you're listening to, you know, Do You Think I'm Sexy?  Then you go out into the park and it is a Calliope version of Do You Think I'm Sexy?  And they're all synced up.
  So one, they're all playing right on top of each other and there's a smooth transition.
  To which I say, who cares?  Right?  Like, why does it really bother anybody at a theme park that a different song is playing  now?  Like it's just part of what happens.
  On the Harry Potter episode, I do find that when you're sitting at the Hogs or the three  broomsticks, you're sitting out at a Hollywood Universal and you hear loudly playing Do The  Bart Man in the background.
  Little bit, a little bit of a problem.
  That's more of a bleed problem.
  But there's, John specifically says he doesn't like when there's a sound bleed.
  No, I don't like it either.
  I think it's, I don't know that I care that much, but I do think it's thoughtful.
  Like there are thoughtful stuff involved in this park.
  Like how each land has like, there's a, there's like a thrill ride for adults and then there's  kids stuff and there's shows and there's restaurants.
  So that way if people don't want to ride the big rides, there's stuff close by for the  rest of the family to do.
  Like I do think that is a thoughtful design element.
  He is very proud of that.
  He's so excited.
  You can tell about that sound bleed issue.
  Like that was just like, I'm most proud of, not of the rides, but of like the sound and  what I did in the bathroom and stuff.
  But that's a whole nother.
  And you know what he did with the urinals?  Yeah, yeah, the whole, yeah.
  Oh yeah, the urinals.
  I'll say that.
  There is, you can see a photo of, in this park, in the, in the whammy bar area, I believe,  the bar called the Whammy Bar.
  We're up above the urinals.
  I've got it right here, Scott.
  There is artwork of women looking down.
  We all have it, we all have it at once.
  There's women looking down at where you are peeing.
  Looking at your penis.
  Yeah.
  And pointing and laughing.
  So there's two blonde ladies, a black lady who I think is the only person of color represented  in the park.
  Anywhere.
  No Aretha, no Beyonce, but this lady in the bathroom.
  Two country ladies and an old lady with a magnifying glass because your penis is so  tiny.
  So this is the wit, this is the acerbic wit that the Times of London talked about.
  The African American lady though seems pleased with the size and the old lady seems like  she's got the magnifying glass and she's kind of judging it.
  So like everyone kind of has a different face on.
  So either if it's, if everyone's dick is small, everyone has a different feeling about dick  size is what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
  Honestly, the old lady looks like she's pleased too.
  Like, Ooh, what a great small dick.
  Yeah, she might just need the magnifying glass to see.
  Yeah.
  It might not have anything to do with the size.
  Honestly, a vision issue.
  Or maybe she's trying to get a look on how big it trying to take a, you know, a seven,  eight incher and make it look like a three footer just for fun.
  Or she's using the magnifying glass as a barrier because it's so big.
  She's like, maybe I can squat it out of the way with this.
  Don't poke me in the eye.
  There's also photos on Google image of like people like pissing in these urinals where  like, like this only encourages people to take photos in the men's restroom.
  Yeah.
  People are using it.
  This wouldn't fly in most strip clubs.
  This is crazy.
  Yeah.
  This is like last resort level.
  Also, what does this have to do with hard rock?  Yeah, no, I know.
  Well that's the, that's what we call the sub game of the park is horniness.
  Like there's a very wordy like for this is, I gotta say, this is.
  The main, this is number one, just like nights and white satin is number one at some people's  dark ride lists.
  This is number one in terms of theme parks that catered to dad because there's a lot  in this park for dad.
  Not a real dad who you would meet in reality, but like Madison avenues concept of dad.
  A, uh, of an Al Bundy, a guy who's frustrated in a sexless marriage and super horny and  he can't express it to his own wife.
  Ever since the kids showed up, I can't get my rocks off.
  But these little, like the little teases throughout the hard rock park, tantalize him and get  him through the day.
  Like for example, there was a British style phone booth with fake like business cards  and stuff in it.
  And there was a pressure mat on the ground and you would walk in and the phone would  ring and you would hear like the conversation between rockstar and his manager.
  I don't really give a shit about that.
  What I do give a shit about is this fake business card for Dean's dry cleaners that has a picture  of a washing machine and the business tagline next to it says, give us your load.
  Why is give us and your load in two different fonts?  Two different fonts.
  I guess that's, you know, just graphic design of the day.
  I guess it was 2008.
  It was different times.
  We did again, a little grass for a strip club.
  Did anyone see the statue that is called the birth of rock in which there's sort of an  abstract amorphous, but obviously female body with breasts and then a, it is not what you're  currently showing me.
  That's another thing, Jason.
  Yeah, that's not that different.
  The birth of rock, a statue at a time, the birth of rock is there's like a female body  shape and then, and she's sort of like thrusting her legs towards you, but her, her, her, you  know, her actual genitals are not represented.
  Instead, just a hand is coming out of the genital.
  Still different statue, right?  That's not it, right?  It's also a disgusting statue.
  Where the woman's vagina should be instead of hand is emerging, making a devil sign.
  Oh, I did not see this.
  This is horrendous.
  This might be a good thing that this part doesn't exist in this era.
  I don't think it would have lasted.
  Even if it had like done well, I don't know how long it would have lasted.
  I got to say my criticism is that that birth of rock is a real missed opportunity to tie  it into the hit song by live lightning crashes.
  I don't think I read the lyric.
  Her placenta falls to the floor.
  Lightning crashes and new mother cries.
  Her placenta falls through the opening lyrics of the song.
  So I feel like there is a live tie in the birth of rock.
  New mother picks up her son and suckles her son.
  This park is about birth and rebirth.
  The statue I was showing Scott was of a, I guess a cow dressed as like a rockabilly guy  or Elvis maybe.
  But it's also a fountain and its udders are spraying on two women.
  Just freezing.
  You could easily get splashed by a cow's udders.
  And my statue was just a big open mouth, like the rolling stones lips, but like dirtier  and grosser.
  And then it has piano keys is like it's lower, like a lower set of teeth, but it's like lower  lip is also it's groin and it's thrusting it out and it has two legs and I it's just,  it's really obscene.
  It's like a pure rock creature.
  Yeah.
  I've got stuff on both these statues.
  Okay, go ahead.
  Uh, so the cow statue is, it works similar to the statue in the lost continent at islands  of adventure where there's someone sitting in the theater behind it who can see through  cameras and that cow and like, so we can talk to you and, and shoot water at you.
  So like when to eat, knows when people are there walking by.
  Um, Mike, your weird teeth statue, um, that you designed and are very proud of.
  I forget the name of that section of the, is it like the graveyard of rock or something?  Whatever it was, future plans called for that statue garden of upsetting statues to be the  entrance of the park exclusive you exclusively used by the hard rock hotel guests.
  The hard rock hotel never built, but now it's going to be very exclusive.
  Entrance of the park was through this upsetting statue garden.
  That was their treat for staying on site.
  That was their treat for staying on site.
  I get immediately accosted by a lips creature.
  Um, oh, sorry.
  Should we talk about like the light?  Lisa mentioned the lands.
  Yeah, well, you know what?  There's even, we still aren't done with everything because, well, let's hear, we can start talking  about whatever the London, Mount Rockmore.
  Yeah.
  Mount Rockmore was in the open.
  We aren't even close to done.
  That's right.
  We aren't even close to done.
  Yeah.
  If you think the rock's gonna stop, think again, brother.
  We jammed too long for one pod.
  That's why this is the first podcast, the ride double album tune in next week when we  spin disc two of our Magnum Opus podcast, the ride failed parks until next week.
  Come on, man.
