 A vast team, mateys.
 Beware, for today we be swashbucklin' our way through the greatest pirate-themed attraction in Southern California.
 Pirates' dinner adventure in Buena Park sets sail for thrills, chills, and multiple desserts.
 It's Podcast Ye Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three men who'd rather interview the person that hits the go button on Space Mountain than an actual astronaut.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
 Joining me as always, Scott Gairdner.
  Hi.
  And Jason Sheridan.
  I have a lot of thoughts about that go button.
 What color it is.
 Likely green, but I'm happy to be surprised.
  Do you think it's green? I always picture it as red.
  Maybe it turns when it is hit.
  Oh, possibly.
 Yeah.
  That's why we gotta have him on.
  We gotta have this guy on.
  We assume it's been one guy since the 70s?  Yeah, it's like an old man in a short-sleeve dress shirt that just goes ahhh and hits it.
 And then we're off to space.
  You get to start to get into a real discussion of symbol, of semiotics, use of language and symbols.
  Because a big red button, you know you hit the big red button to start.
 But red also means stop, so should it be a big green button?  These are the questions we have for this anonymous man.
  Yeah, well, whoever you are, please contact us on Podcast The Ride at Gmail or on our Instagram.
 You can DM on Instagram.
  You the one man and certainly not a cycle of Anaheim college students.
 Right, from ages 19 to 23.
  So, yeah, today's episode, we're just kind of playing a little loose.
 We were talking Pirates Dinner Adventure.
  Yeah, we all had a shared experience down in Buena Park at something called Pirates Dinner Adventure.
  We thought there was enough meat on that bone to talk about.
 More meat than there was on the chicken bone during the meal.
  At the thing.
 And we were there for Mike's birthday.
 It was a surprise.
  Yes, it was a surprise.
 I didn't know where we were.
 I was in the shower and my girlfriend was like,  we're going somewhere, I'm not going to tell you where it is.
 And I was in the shower and I was like,  well, what is some kitschy bullshit that she would take me to that I haven't been to?  And I went, oh, I wonder if we're going to go to that Pirates Dinner Adventure in Buena Park.
  And sure enough, an hour later, we were on our way and you guys surprised me outside the apartment,  which very much felt like we were recording a podcast again.
  There was a whole one in the car.
 Yeah, we did.
  It is like kind of like they talk about like, you know, your Jerry Seinfeld talks about, you know, he's always working on material.
  He's always just is all for the act.
  And now I feel like we have a similar thing where it's like, this is going into the podcast, you know,  we're just we're doing this for the podcast.
 We're going to do a review.
  So, you know, it's kind of consuming our lives much like stand up consumes the life of Jerry Seinfeld.
  We got to go up.
 And by going up, we have to talk about parking prices more often than we used to already.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Podcast is slowly jockeying with stand up as the most pure art form,  like the golden, you know, standard that all other art is is joined by.
  Oh, yeah, that's true.
 It's honorable.
 It's noble, you know.
  Yeah, we tell the truth.
 We're truth tellers.
 Yeah.
  About the quality of the meals at the Pirates Dinner adventure.
  I hope one day we get to be the mentors to an Ornie Adams, an up and coming theme park podcaster.
  I guess it would have to be three.
 I like how cool would it be to get to usher in a new era,  like talk to the young guys, a new set of three theme park dorks and, you know, kind of take them under the wing and  show them the ropes of having Miranda Sings on to talk about the Bing Bong Candy Store.
  The record Miranda Sings was on.
  Well, the reference is the comedian of the car.
 Yeah.
 You got to walk around to get to that.
  Yeah, that's a lot of details in that.
  I think I'm only aware.
 This is not theme park related, but I think I'm only aware of the outliers on comedians in cars.
  Like I haven't seen the primary episode.
 I haven't seen him talk to Carl Reiner or whatever it is,  but I have seen I haven't seen that.
  But I've seen when he he has Michael Richards on as a character who's Mr.
  Crackle, which is probably cut from the Netflix versions because it's not on crack.
  Yeah, yeah.
 But yeah, he has Michael Richards play a kooky character on Crackle and Mr.
 Crackle.
  And what about Snack? What about Snap and Pop? Famous for his solo character work Michael Richards.
  Well, it's kind of a throwback to many UHF fans out there.
  Yeah, he was good at playing those.
 Oh, this kind of like psychopath broad characters like that on run on Fridays or whatever.
  But that and then there's one with Patton Oswalt where they drive around in a DeLorean.
  And then at the end is a little treat for the audience of the DeLorean takes off into the air and does a full U-turn, does not disappear into lightning.
  There's a lightning flash from the sky and then the DeLorean lifts off, turns towards us and like and the lightning bolt freezes.
  It stays in place and is not related to the DeLorean.
 Watch the Patton Oswalt episode go straight to the end.
  This is the strangest moment designed to appeal to Back to the Future fans.
  But in five seconds, there's like 14 things to pick apart about how they did the effect.
  Wow.
 I do remember that.
 I did not have such an effect.
 I did not remember it.
 I'll tell you that.
  Stuck with me.
  You know, I like the one where Bob Einstein is like it just talks with his voice, his funny voice.
  That's the one I like.
  Well, that's a more pure way.
  It'd be fun to see.
 How about a theme park crossover? It'd be fun to see a good comedian in the cars ride.
  That would be great.
  Getting coffee at the park at the diner.
  Jerry, how about one of us on the Autopia with you? OK, wouldn't that be great?  Oh boy, yeah.
  You don't seem excited.
  Wouldn't that elevate your show, Jerry?  Well, we couldn't all fit in one, so we'd have to choose one of us.
  One of us would have to tailgate the other car behind it.
  So it would be one in the car and then a car right close behind it constantly accidentally bumping.
  And another car in front doing the filming.
  Yeah, of course.
  So there'd be a little parade of Autopia cars.
 And the episode would only be four minutes long.
  I guess it would be better if he did Radiator Springs Racer because then he could talk about the car.
  Because a big part of comedians in cars getting coffee is he talks about the car and why he chose it.
  So then he would be like, you know, I've chosen this old, this rusty old pickup truck.
  You know, it was made in 1965 and it has a country accent.
  Larry the Cable Guy.
  Unlike most cars, it can speak.
  And then you go to Flo's and have a cup of coffee and you just sit there going like,  Yeah, you know what? What is Al? Disney's still not gotten the coffee.
 What the fuck?  Well, they never disparage the coffee, do they or do they on the show?  Seemingly not.
 I think they have no coffee taste.
 This is an issue I have.
  He doesn't pursue like good coffee.
 He'll take any shitty coffee.
  And then you have the one with Jay Leno where he reveals he's never had coffee in his life.
  And he also reveals he's never worn sunglasses because he doesn't trust the world outside the sunglasses.
  And that is a fact.
 He said that.
 That's not a joke that I made up.
  That guy doesn't trust them with any sunglasses, you know? I want to see what the world looked like without him.
  He thinks that sunglasses obfuscate the world and he doesn't know what it's really.
.
.
  That is, yeah, you're right.
 That's a stranger detail than any of this.
  Because I don't drink much coffee.
 You know what? I actually, here I'll tell you this.
  Never had a cup of coffee.
  What? You haven't?  I've never had a cup of coffee.
 That's true.
  Strange.
  I started out, first of all, this episode is going to be all about me because it's about my birthday.
  We're going to talk a little bit about my trip.
 So I may as well just get into like ailments and problems I've had.
  It's a birthday.
 What a great gift for you post your birthday to just take one over.
  I have a thing called mitral valve prolapse, which means there's a valve in my heart that goes the wrong way.
  And while I was playing basketball in seventh or eighth grade, my heart starts racing real fast.
  And then they diagnose me.
 It's not a big deal.
 But that happens sometimes.
  So they're like, maybe don't drink so much caffeine.
 So for like 10, 15 years, I didn't have any chocolate or caffeine.
  At a certain point, most medical professionals feel like this doesn't really fuck.
 Who gives a shit? You can do whatever you want.
  So I'm like drinking a little caffeine.
 So I could have a cup of coffee.
  Uh huh.
  But I really have-  Let's have some coffee! Let's have some coffee!  What if they had told you, you know, just stay away from chocolate, stay away from caffeine, stay away from roller coasters, from rides, from exciting themed experiences.
  That's a good point.
 I probably would have done it because especially when I was in seventh and eighth grade, I'd be like, oh god, I don't want to die.
 I'm going to die.
  An excuse.
 An excuse to avoid the fear.
  Yeah, I thought I would have taken it.
  I thought I was going to, I thought everything was going to kill me.
 I was raised to think that most things were going to kill me.
  As a matter of time, walking home at night would kill me.
 Having a Hershey bar would kill me.
 That's how I was raised.
  So I would probably have stayed away for, I would probably have just gotten back on a roller coaster like a year ago.
  When did you feel like you, when did this turn a corner? Did you move to Los Angeles and feel free and like you left your fraidy cat skin back in Chicago?  College probably.
 I remember getting to college and then just feeling like, oh, I'm a person and I can do whatever I want.
 Oh, it felt like a water, just like washing my face.
 I was cleansed.
  I was a free noob.
  I can have two shots of grog at the pirate's dinner adventure.
 My mom can't tell me no.
  If there was a pirate's dinner adventure in Bloomington-Normal, Illinois, I would have gone every night, but there was not.
 But there was a grocery store called the Kroger and that was about it.
  That was the closest thing to an attraction?  Yeah.
  Were there rides outside of it? Would there be like an Elmo in a fire engine that would take you around?  I don't recall.
 I don't think so, but they will sell you a Jake's Pizza for $2.
  Well, that's what the theme of Kroger is, is great value.
  Well, that's true.
 First time Jason chimed in on this part of the conversation was about a grocery store.
  It's about saving money.
  Kroger owns Ralph's, my favorite grocery store, which Mike clowns on me.
  Ralph's is just such an odd choice to me.
 Ralph's is fine, but like, why would you, why would it be your favorite?  Everybody's doing just indulgence, the non-details.
 You're talking about your favorite grocery store.
 I might as well throw in that I went to Tender Greens yesterday and I ended up getting the meal comped because there was a bug in it.
  Oh, this is not the first time I've heard of bugs at Tender Greens.
  Oh, no, really?  Well, I think it's because they are actually using fresh, it was in the greens, right? So if you get really fresh greens that are organic or from a farm, like.
.
.
  Because they aren't full of pesticides and bad stuff that would keep the bugs up, but the flip side of that is you might end up, and it was pretty gross, I'll say that.
  I wanted it gone, just like the bugs from Disney's California Adventure, which we've just learned, of Bugsland.
  I mean, we'll have thoughts about this, I'm sure, as time goes on, but we have learned that the bugs are being exterminated at Disney's California Adventure, so bye-bye Heimlich's Choo Choo Train.
  The bugs are off to yesterland, also known as hell.
 The bugs are off to hell.
  Yeah, along with Superstar Limo, all the classic attractions.
  Yester California Adventure is one of the saddest places, with the thing that preceded Bugsland, Bountiful Valley Farm.
  Although, maybe you might disagree, because he was an opponent of the California Adventure, but imagine if a physical place was just what's been removed from California Adventure, what a bizarre place that would be.
  I think I saw the end, and I remember hunting once for trying to find, like, I really want a milkshake, where is that San Andreas Shake Stand? And that went pretty quick.
  You're right, Date Shakes, a California staple, I remember looking forward to that when I started going to California Adventure, and they were pretty solid.
 Hey, you just dug one up, that is a thing they should bring back.
  But I forgot, like, I was like, well, Schmoozie's still here, and Award Wieners is still here, so that's probably still here, but no, that closed pretty quickly once they started destroying stuff.
  We saw Imagineer Joe Rode in an Instagram post, he's a great Imagineer behind Avatar, and a graduate of my high school, I was reminded, went to Chaminade, like me, but he'll post photos of things from the Disney parks, and then do kind of a paragraph worth of analysis of it, and he did a long discussion of Award Wieners.
  It was sort of just padding himself or other Imagineers on the back for a hell of a joke.
 For a hell of a, like, it was just like, I'm still, like, chuckles, I'm still amused by this after all these years.
  Award Wieners, you know, the phrase is actually winners.
  He broke it down.
 Well, this is the episode, it's Jerry Seinfeld in the Cars ride with Joe Rode, breaking down the perfect joke award.
 Now when you think of a joke, it's kind of like me and the lost socks.
  Why is that funny?  Why is that funny to you?  Leno kind of crept into that.
  Yeah, a little bit.
 Yeah, they're all merging.
 I don't know, my impressions can only go sort of three general directions, and Seinfeld and Leno are in the same bucket.
  Yeah, I get that.
  Joe Rode, I don't know how to do.
  I don't have a good Rode either.
 Jason, do you have a good Rode?  I don't have a Rode, no.
  Okay, well, we got to work on that.
  Letting the audience down.
 What else did we say we were going to talk about? Oh, Mike, you've just been, you've returned from MECHA.
  Yes.
  You were just, we're in, for the second time, we haven't been doing this.
  In six months.
  Yeah, we haven't been doing this podcast for that long.
 You've been to Disney World twice.
  Okay, all right.
 So let me explain why, yeah.
 So I went to Orlando with a couple friends.
 I have what's called the Premier Pass.
  Okay, this means that I have a pass that can get me into Disneyland and Disney World anytime I want, any of the parks, for a full year.
  Now, let me explain, I am a crazy person, but why I have this pass is that my girlfriend and I went to Disney World last September, I forget, August or September.
  And when you add up the fact that we already have crazy Disneyland passes, when you add up the amount of money you were going to pay for just like five or six days at Disney World, you may as well just tack it on and upgrade your pass to Premier.
  So that is what I did.
 She didn't do that, but I did.
  Because I was saying, well, look, if there's even a chance I'm going to go to Orlando within the next calendar year, I got to do it.
 And she was like, that's fine, because we're going to go to Tokyo Disney and she can't necessarily get off that many weeks from her job.
  So I said, I'll probably, you know, I'll ask some friends if we want to go.
 So I asked you guys, you guys said no.
  We said no.
  Yeah, you guys said no.
 I offered to buy a hotel room and you were like, nah, I don't think so.
  You were going to just pay for the hotel room?  Yeah, well, you're going to have to stay with me though.
 It wasn't like I'm going to pay for a separate room, but you could have stayed in the next bed.
 I told you that.
  Or the same bed.
  Could have been the same bed.
  You would have given us the option, I would hope.
  So I went, so you guys said no.
 I asked a couple other people.
 And then I asked some friends of mine, some people I know, my one friend who I've known since third grade and who I've been, years I've been saying, come to Disneyland.
  You got to do Disneyland.
 And they're always like, oh, we're busy.
 You know, we don't know.
 And for whatever reason,  We do our other things in our lives.
  For whatever reason, I was having coffee with him and I go, yeah, yeah, I'm trying to get somebody to go with me to Disney World.
 He goes, oh, we've been talking about that.
 Maybe we'll go.
  And I was like, yeah, bullshit.
 And then it turns out they went.
 We went to Disney World together.
  So you hadn't been able to get them to Anaheim, but you got them to Orlando on like a two and a half week notice.
  Yes, it was crazy.
 And so, yeah, it was me, my friend and his wife and who's also my friend, but it was a weird trio.
  But yeah, it's you and a married couple.
  Me and a married couple.
 Not my girlfriend.
  Can we shout, I feel like we should shout him out because he is a thing on, Luke Clattoo.
  Calto.
  Calto.
  Clattoo.
  He's an original member of.
  Wait, how did you say his last name?  He's a Lovecraft monster.
  An original member of 70s space themed band, Clattoo.
  His name is Luke Calto.
  And he is a writer on Krypton, which is on the air right now.
  Sure, we'll give him a plug for everything.
  Okay, here, let's go through his IMDB.
  Krypton's going to get that sweet podcast ride, though.
  He works on Krypton.
 He works on Asher for his Evil Dead, which just is coming out too.
  And he also had some early work on the New Pacific Rim.
  Oh, interesting.
  So he wasn't some idiot asshole who's not in the biz.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He's got a car.
  But I went to elementary school through high school with him.
  Cool.
  We grew up in Schaumburg, Illinois together.
  That is wonderful.
  Did you go with him to the Little Caesars Pizza place?  That's a good question.
  Any local Schaumburg attractions?  Probably for birthdays.
  I'm sure he was there for something.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Chuck E.
 Cheese on Barrington Road.
  Oh, yeah.
  Did you go buy giant Taz shirts together at the Warner Brothers Studio Store?  I don't think we bought them together.
  Well, we both certainly had different Taz t-shirts.
  Well, that's the way you knew who was cool in elementary school.
  Because he was the coolest.
  Good way to eliminate people you don't need to waste your time with.
  Yeah.
  So anyway, so I went with them.
  So we went on the plane.
  We went down there.
  And the trip started off a little strangely because I got up to the thing where you're supposed to give your ID and you show the ticket.
  And the guy takes my driver's license and he goes,  Oh, uh, your driver's license is expired.
  And I went, what?  And he's like, yeah, it's expired on your birthday two days ago.
  No.
  And I went, oh my God.
  And here's the thing that happens when you have an expired driver's license at the airport.
  Nothing.
  They let you go through.
  It doesn't matter.
  Oh.
  Because I flew on three different plane flights in the last two weeks.
  And the other two times I went to the airport, they didn't even care.
  They looked at it and they went, all right, here you go.
  Did they pat you down?  Well, everybody gets patted.
  Everybody goes through the thing.
  Well, I just, my brother did that a few years ago.
  Like also similar thing happened where his license was expired by a week or so.
  And they were just like, all right, we're going to send you through secondary screening.
  And they just like, no secondary screening.
  It didn't matter.
  I started sweating like I was going to get arrested because I, you know, me, I'm a good boy.
  I don't do things like this all the time.
  I'm like, oh no, I'm so sorry.
  I'm apologizing.
  I'm surprising you.
  I'm surprised you let that lapse.
  Okay.
  You are a good boy, but you did just move so I could see.
  Yeah.
  A good boy who breaks the law.
  How good are you?  You missed your due.
  But no, there was no letter.
  And how often do you look at your license and you were reminded that.
  Oh, well, there should have been a letter.
  The state of California dropped the letter.
  I did not get a letter.
  So I even said to the guy, I go, oh no, what, like, what does this mean?  And he goes, well, you just got to get it renewed.
  And then he's like, cause I thought like I was going to have to do what you're saying.
  I'm going to go through a pat down of some kind, but he's like, yeah, you just go get  it renewed.
  And I was like, oh, okay.
  And then he like waved me through.
  The guy didn't like turn giant in his perspective as if you're in a kid's nightmare and then  sorry, you can't go to Disney World.
  That's what I thought.
  So then I was, then I was like, okay, so this isn't going to be that big of a problem.
  What will become a problem though, is that being served in Orlando with an expired driver's  license is almost impossible at Disney World.
  We get to Trader Sam's that first night we went to, we ate a BR guests, which is great.
  I had some quinoa.
  We get to Trader Sam's.
  I'm like, you guys are going to love Trader Sam's at the Polynesian.
  We get to the door, I give them my ID and she goes, oh, you're not going to get any,  you'd be able to get any drinks in here.
  And I was like, huh?  And then they're like, yeah, this is, and then cause she's watching too.
  So I go up to the bar and I'm like trying to like, I slide the license to like the bartender  and he's like, oh, this is expired.
  And I'm like, what?  So it's like that's that Trader Sam's is such a small place.
  It's very hard to like fool anyone.
  You can't go like around the bar or you can't trade off drinks necessarily so easily because  it's such a small space.
  So I'm bargaining with the bartender.
  I'm a 34 year old man at a Disney park begging to get like a very watered down tropical drink  at like midnight.
  In between bursts of false volcanoes going off.
  Yes, indoor lightning.
  And he he's like, well, do you have like a passport?  And I was like, well, I have a photo of my passport and he's like, all right, well, let's  let's see that.
  So I'm like looking at my phone, trying to find this picture of my passport that I had  to send to some like commercial director or some commercial agency like five years ago  at a W9 or something.
  Uh huh.
  And I find it and I give it to him and he goes, all right, I'll give you one drink.
  And I go, oh, thank you so much.
  Like I was like so pathetic.
  Thank you so much.
  Did you plan ahead to and it's like, yes, I will have the bowl.
  I will have the bowl that's shaped like Iago, please.
  Uh, uh, first of all, I wish they carried a ceramic Iago there, but they don't.
  Uh, there's a different, uh, there's a Nautilus, which I have over on the mantle here, which  is a giant, uh, uh, thing here.
  If we've been recording next to this the whole time.
  No, that's been there since our last trip.
  Uh, that's a big, uh, like old submarine you can drink liquor out of.
  It's exclusive to Orlando, not to our Trader Sam's out here at Disneyland.
  We should Graham your, our tweet, your wall of, uh, theme parks, ceramics, and also the  book tales from Margaritaville.
  Jimmy Buffett novel and the one that you elevated above the other Jimmy Buffett novels.
  Well, I believe Tales from Margaritaville is a collection.
  I believe it's a collection of short stories because it's tales.
  It was all his McSweeney's.
  It was his McSweeney's stuff.
  Yeah, some, some stuff about Tully Mars.
  There's some Tully Mars in there.
  There's a, a group of guys known as the Breakfast Boys.
  He talks about it, which are not to be confused with the Birthday Boys, the sketch group, the  Birthday Boys.
  These are the Breakfast Boys and they're like a gang.
  They're much funnier.
  They're so funny.
  All right, we'll get this photo.
  We'll get this.
  Also a picture of you and your girlfriend among all this, uh, shit.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Next to Sam Eagle in a colonial soldier's outfit.
  The people you cherish the most.
  Your girlfriend, Jimmy Buffett and Sam the Eagle.
  Muppet, Sam the Eagle, not the many other Sam the Eagles.
  Every Eagle is named Sam in all of pop culture.
  The, uh, the Olympics mascot from 1984.
  I want to say there's another one and I'm not naming it.
  I'm disproving my point.
  There are two Sam Eagles is what I'm saying.
  Uh, if you know another Sam Eagle, I feel like there's another one though.
  Maybe I'll come up with it.
  Um, so basically the whole, almost the whole trip I was getting drinks bought for me by  my two friends and then snuck to me.
  So as we went through the World Showcase, they'd be like, oh, do you want something  over here?  Can you get me a, and then like I'll have that logger at the, at the American pavilion,  please.
  So I was like, I was 15 or something and my older brother was buying me liquor the whole  trip and I'm 34 year old man.
  Most pathetic thing.
  It's the, it's the baddest ass thing you've ever done.
  I think the most flagrant rule breaking.
  The fact that Disney is a stricter than the TSA.
  Yes.
  Very universal.
  I think is even stricter.
  I disagree with you because I get to, so I get to city walk Tuesday night to go eat a  margaritaville and they have an outside margaritaville, like a little booth where you can get margaritas  and I go, you know what, I'm going to try it.
  And I go up there and I hand her my, my ID and she goes, oh, this is expired.
  And I go, yeah, I go, but I go here, I have a picture of my passport and she's like, okay.
  She's like, she's like, yeah, if you were like born, like looks like you were born in  like 96 I would have said no, but yeah, it's fine.
  So no, they were a little lax, a little lax there.
  I guess it's out here.
  Cause, cause we've experienced at the margaritaville in city walk Hollywood, uh, you can buy one  drink.
  Yeah.
  Well, you can't walk around like Vegas out here at the city walk out here, but you can  in Orlando.
  In Orlando there's like fat Tuesday stalls with like liquor slush.
  Yeah, you can load up on liquor slush in Orlando, but not here.
  This is all, it's kind of a sidetracky episode, but I've been wanting to address this with  you that Jimmy Buffett was just on a Fallon promoting the escape from margaritaville, the  musical.
  And I'm, I've been thinking about it ever since the discussion that the, the, it indicates  what, what kind of show this is, that it's the only Broadway show in history to run out  of triple sec on its preview night.
  We ran out of triple sec and then we got more triple sec.
  We ran out of that the next night.
  Don't worry, we fixed it.
  You come on down, you got plenty of triple sec.
  Jimmy was talking, so yeah, Jimmy has a show on Broadway and he's very proud of the fact  that it's like a fuck around and it's a fuck around in the audience too.
  He's like, you know, most, most shows, they don't want you taking your phone out or yelling  stuff.
  He's like, but not our show.
  And it's like, this ain't Les Miserables.
  This ain't Les Miserables.
  We're having fun here.
  He, so yeah, I guess if you go there, you just get fucking hammered and then you can  shout stuff out during the show.
  Well, and you get, uh, you are getting hammered with, um, the fine Broadway, uh, tradition  of like drinks, drinks you take in the theater.
  They, they give you in like a travel mug, like a travel plastic travel coffee mug so  that you're not like spilling your frozen margarita.
  We're allowing spilling.
  I want to change the color of that carpet in the theater.
  Enjoy your margarita out of a fucking Thomas tumbler.
  It's going to be piss green by the time we're done.
  He, he was also real proud that he went up to in the hook cause wherever I forget which  theater it is, but he went up to the Marriott Marquis, which is built in to a hotel, which  is, and is the, uh, me and my fetishization, it's the same type of hotel as the Western  Bonaventure, which I used in the design of Moonbeam city.
  It's these like crazy rotating bar hotels with the, with the pod elevators.
  I've stayed at that hotel when my family has gone to New York and that's, we stayed at  the Marriott Marquis and it's very cool.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Those elevators, those like create those cavernous, bizarre indoor, uh, atriums and a revolving  restaurant at the top.
  And yeah, you start, you go get drinks.
  This is a perfect, like what better night for the two of us if we ever make it to New  York, started a revolving restaurant, stumbled down to the, which is, which Jimmy was saying,  like, you know, at my concerts we tailgate so we can tell everybody get a hotel room,  you can get drunk in your room, stumble on down to the show.
  And he also was big on the fact that he had gone up and like got all the bartenders to  see the show.
  He's like, I got all the bartenders to see the show.
  So they tell the customers to go see it cause I want them to know, I don't want to mask  and as Margaritaville musical, they say, I don't know.
  No, they should say it's a great old time.
  Got to head down, got to stumble on down there.
  I want people to have a good time.
  It costs $50 an hour to park in New York city.
  So I want them to get their money's worth.
  We got to go really that's a must go.
  That's justifiable.
  Springsteen on Broadway just extended to December too.
  And I would like to see that as well cause that would be the last, that's about $500  a ticket though.
  If you can get the ticket.
  Really look, you see the matinee of one, you see the evening performance of the other and  you stumble out and there's a junior's cheesecake now right across from the Marriott market  that's open late and they serve burgers and big pastrami sandwiches and those delicious  slices of famous junior's cheesecake.
  Wow, what an ad.
  We have now fun with the third piece.
  We've now made it a perfect night for all three of us.
  Do you think we've all got something to look forward to?  How the cheesecake is involved.
  Do you think the Springsteen, does Springsteen have a specific liquor at that show?  Like Jimmy has the margaritas.
  Like can you drink like a can of old style or what would be the Springsteen beer?  It's got like drip soil in it.
  When you're like, you're drinking while you're working under a car.
  You're slaving away.
  Have oil, have beer.
  I'm trying to think, is there like an official liquor or beer of New Jersey?  I guess like, I mean, Yengling's from Pennsylvania.
  You would know.
  Yeah, I'm trying to, I can't really.
  Or is there a particular alcohol name checked in a song?  I wouldn't know.
  Hmm.
  I don't know.
  I don't think he says like a brand, like Jimmy would just throw a brand name in to make an  easy million dollars.
  He's probably covered almost every type of alcohol.
  Yeah.
  He used to, and now he just sells it himself.
  Now you got Margaritaville tequila, Margaritaville rum.
  What's the beer called?  Landshark lager.
  Landshark lager is pretty good.
  Yeah.
  But Springsteen, there was never a song where he was like, and the Anheuser Busch factory  closed down.
  No, there is a giant Anheuser Busch factory in like right outside of Newark.
  Like you could see it from the airport.
  Well, the Springsteen show is probably a lot less fun.
  Let's be honest.
  He doesn't want you just yelling shit during the show.
  If it is, it's just him.
  What is the show?  It's him and it's his wife for a couple songs.
  It's like his, it's just going through his life from kind of like his book.
  Like he tells stories and then he plays and everybody describes it as like being a transformative  show to see.
  Like it's incredible.
  And it's a smaller, you know, you're in Mr.
 Theater.
  What's the theater he's playing?  It's very small.
  I forget.
  I think it's supposed to be pretty intimate.
  Yeah.
  Because it's storytelling too, right?  Little stories and songs and stories and songs.
  He does the thing where he like, yeah, I think he like strums like the C chord for a while  and he goes, I need, I need a little quiet in here.
  Like he does during the show and then he does a couple minutes.
  Well, unless it's a, unless it's a Broadway show that's a parody of all other Broadway  shows, I'm not interested.
  Count me out.
  Wood for Forbidden Broadway has to send up the Springsteen show and Mark Read-a-ville.
  Yeah, they've got a lot to cover at this point.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like what would be the Forbidden Broadway would be like, welcome to like, it's lame,  right?  It's like, like Drunkenville or something.
  Would it be something like?  Yeah, they would just comment on, yeah, yeah.
  In, in, yeah, vomit.
  Escape to Pukeville.
  Puke-arita-ville.
  Yeah.
  And, and all the, yeah, they'd, they'd come, they'd have ushers come out in puke stained  vests and what have you.
  Oh man, they'd get him.
  And Bruce, would it like be, probably their commentary would be like that he's, he's too  mumbly.
  I can't hear him.
  That's about the level of, yeah.
  But you, but you did not go to New York.
  No, no, no, no, no, no.
  We have not seen, no, we're talking about hypothetical trips.
  Yeah, I was in Orlando, Florida.
  Yeah.
  So, did you see any shows there?  I saw the Little Mermaid show at Disney, at Hollywood Studios, which has not changed since  I saw it when I opened in 1990 or whatever.
  That one, the indoor and the small theater voyage.
  It's 20 minutes, it's like an incredibly abridged show.
  I forgot that was there.
  It's very strange.
  There's some cool stuff in it, but it's odd.
  Kind of day-glo lighting and stuff.
  A lot of lasers.
  A lot of 90s lasers, which are cool.
  Cool.
  Did you see Florida's Fantasmic?  I didn't.
  It's crazy.
  It's, it's most, it's still mostly Pocahontas.
  Wow.
  And it's, it's so long.
  I have forgotten.
  Like every now, the, the last couple of times I went to Florida, I would, there's stuff  that hasn't changed since I was like in middle school and stuff.
  And I would just forget about it.
  Like Fantasmic or as we talked about, like watching the American Adventure after not  having seen it in like six or seven years and going like, oh, I forgot what this is.
  Yeah.
  We didn't see a lot of shows.
  It's hard because they were, they hadn't been there in so long since we were, so we were  doing mostly the rides because the shows are long and take up a lot and it's hard to, you  know, it's hard to do everything.
  We did, we did the big stuff we did.
  We did, you know, Tower of Terror.
  We did Rockin' Roller Coaster.
  We're going to get to Rockin' Roller Coaster soon on this podcast.
  Yes, true.
  We may have already recorded the episode, but here's something that we, I think we left  out of the episode that I noticed that there's two things actually.
  Number one, they're using a technology when you're in the line that where they have like  posters like of musicians and stuff.
  And then all of a sudden it'll say like Michael at the something.
  So I didn't know about this.
  Yeah.
  I'm in line and it said like, you know, blues singer Michael and whatever.
  I'm looking at it and I think it's real for a second.
  I'm like, who's Michael?  And I'm, and then I'm like, I'm looking at the, the magic band I have, which is, you  know, RF whatever, I would ID chip.
  And I'm looking, I'm like, holy shit, they're doing this.
  And then like you can see on the other side, they're like cycling people's names with different  posters and it's clear they've like figured out a technology to like make specific posters  for people that are in the line, which is pretty crazy.
  Whoa.
  That's a neat little plus up that was not there in 1999 when it opened.
  Yes.
  And we did not, that was not a plus up idea we had on the episode.
  We dropped the ball.
  And then, and then the other thing is that there's a piece of dialogue, which I don't  think we said, if we did, I will edit this out and you guys will never hear this.
  Is that when you're in one of the different, there's some different dialogue that can play  while you're waiting to shoot off on the rock and roller coaster.
  The one I got, which really delighted me is there's like a radio announcer who's like,  Aerosmith is tuning up.
  Hey, check out Steven Tyler's hat.
  And I was like, what?  Huh?  Not a man known for his hat.
  No, I know.
  Oh, his scarves maybe like check his scarves out.
  Like people know the scarves hang off, but his hat.
  Yeah.
  Would he wear like demented Mad Hatter hats at any point?  You can buy those.
  I think he does wear a Mad Hatter hat maybe in some video, but I'm maybe just thinking  of Tom Petty's don't come around here.
  Well those countdown, those like three, two, one countdowns are kind of different.
  They change, uh, uh, yeah.
  There's a couple of different ones.
  One Steven Tyler counts you down.
  And they, they trick you.
  They say three, two, and then just launch you at one.
  They don't get to one.
  Like I went on it.
  I went on that three times and I love it.
  I do love it.
  It's uh, it's very fun.
  Um, Tom Hamilton just had a mole removed.
  He's looking good.
  Enjoy your sixties, Tom.
  Joey Kramer, just relay some boots.
  Check them out.
  Huh?  Um, yeah.
  Uh, the fast, the fast pass thing.
  Um, they have a thing.
  This is too much.
  This is too dry to really get into.
  They have a whole different fast pass system there than they do out here, but it's very  similar.
  You can make them on your phone.
  So what you can do is you can like kind of surface, you go and try to find fast passes.
  So I, we were in line at spaceship earth and I found a fast pass for right the moment we  were in line and I was like, we got to get out of the regular line and get in the fast  pass line.
  And like I, this for me, Scott is making a face like this is just hell for him.
  I love this.
  This is what I'm thinking is that I know that you're a, you're a big stub hub.
  Yes.
  I like checking.
  I like checking is what I like.
  So this is a chance.
  This is, you are now merging your love of Disney parks with your love of checking.
  Yes.
  And our friend Nick Mundy, who will eventually will do this podcast if he can make some time.
  Maybe.
  He went to Disneyland and he called me up and he's like, this fast pass thing is great.
  This is great.
  And I was like, Oh, were you checking all day?  He goes, yeah, I love it.
  And I was like, yeah, I love it too.
  I love checking too.
  So other people like checking.
  All right.
  You're not the only, uh, the only checker out there.
  I, it gives me such a high.
  I found it and I was like, I'm the girl.
  Like I started yelling about how good I am and then I saw the phenomenon happen to families  as well.
  Like a 14 year old girl in line at the rock and roller coaster was like, I am the greatest.
  Look at the line.
  Look at what I did for us.
  She's like going nuts.
  And I was like, I recognize that behavior.
  She just found this fast pass like the last second and she's like rubbing it in her parents  face and they're like, yeah, whatever.
  Thank you.
  Okay.
  Is this too much of a can of worms?  This might be too long of a thing, but you, because we went to the event desert trip at  Coachella, the thing where they have Coachella, which was referred to as old Chella, which  was a weekend with the rolling stones and Bob Dylan and Paul McCartney and Neil Young.
  And uh, as your, well, I mean, I have your checking to thank for us even getting into  that at all and not like spending our life savings on it.
  This is a debacle though is what you're about to describe.
  We ended up through various means getting into the, the pit, uh, having the best possible  seats for the rolling stones and then you got a taste for it.
  And the next night had a courier bring VIP wristbands to the Coachella grounds.
  But it went wrong because they had mislabeled what they were.
  So they were not enough wristbands for everyone.
  But yes, I got obsessed with being in the pit and let's, let's be full disclosure.
  The reason we were in the pit is because we were bad boys.
  Yes.
  Let's be honest.
  We broke rules.
  We broke rules.
  I don't mean to, uh, I think I'm only like, uh, I'm 1.
5% more of a bad boy than you are,  which was, uh, it's not, it's infinitesimal, but it was enough to where when the, it was  so easy, like three rounds of barricades coming down had happened and I'm like, all right,  I'm just gonna, I'm going to do it.
  But you didn't quite make it in, but you ended up sneaking in.
  You looked at me, you went, ah, ah, ah, and then you ran and I paused and then I was so  mad and you were in there and they put the barricade back up and then I was like, I'm  getting in this shit.
  And then I scoped it out for like five, six, seven songs to try to figure out like as if  it was goldeneye.
  And I was like watching the guards like, okay, this is the pattern that going, I got it.
  And I, and I knew the pattern and I saw my opening, I walked right through.
  No one stopped me and I was fine.
  It was great.
  You cracked the code.
  You actually like, uh, like a heist situation.
  You learned when the people take their lunch breaks essentially.
  And uh, and then I had left the pit and I made it back in as well.
  I also cracked the code, but this all, this was all so, but the, the, the fact that you,  I see what you're saying because that all made it the most fun concert ever.
  It was not just that it was a very good Rolling Stone show.
  Like the fact that there was code cracking and checking to be done, but that you, I'm  still, the fact that you had a courier come to the busiest site in the, in the state.
  I get very obsessed sometimes.
  Mike's taking out his monocle.
  Wherein.
  His two Disney World trips, his current VIP courier.
  Jason is basically, I've described Jason before as the, is your neighbor who takes a look  over your fence and goes, Oh, you got a new car over there, huh?  How much fun are you guys?  You know, the Henderson's.
  I was doing that because you were showing us your, uh, your fast pass reservations and  stuff.
  I was like, you have four boathouse reservations on here.
  Well, you didn't understand.
  You were being very weird because I explained to you that I made multiple reservations and  was going to cancel later because I didn't know what the schedule would be.
  And you're like, well, you shouldn't be irresponsible with reservations, Michael.
  And I was like, I was also concerned you were going to fuck one up and get charged.
  Get charged.
  They charge you if you don't cancel.
  This is on the way.
  I'm driving the whole group and, uh, and Erin, my wife and Lindsay, your girlfriend, down  to pirates dinner adventure.
  And uh, there's this odd little bicker happening in the back seat involving like this passive  aggressive.
  I don't, I don't want you to miss out and I don't want you to get an extra charge.
  Jason, don't worry about it.
  Lindsay's chiming in like, what are you talking about?  He said he's going to cancel them.
  Well, I don't know.
  And like, I was like, what do you want?  I canceled the reservations.
  Uh, and of course, and then we did, this is also what happens to us doing this podcast  is that we talk about very dry, thin topics about ticket entries and reservations.
  And then we repeat the conversation a second time.
  Uh, Erin has to hear Erin listens to the podcast.
  She ends up hearing all of these things twice, perhaps a third time if I'm testing material  on her for the podcast.
  Uh, she like, boy, lucky her, huh?  She gets every podcast three times.
  Poor Erin.
  Um, so yeah, I had a, so I found these tickets and we were in the middle of the desert and  I was like, there's no way we don't have car.
  Like I don't have my car here.
  How am I going to get it to the festival?  And I was looking up curriers and it's like a Saturday at like six 30 and I found no notice  with no notice.
  I was going through Yelp, the phone, the network wasn't working very well.
  And I found a desert courier that was willing to go to this hotel, get them and then bring  them back.
  This is like a, like a Breaking Bad fixer kind of guy.
  Like Mike Ehrman.
  Yeah, yeah, I could do it.
  I could do your job.
  I got your tickets, VIP tickets.
  And I had to meet him at the side of the road.
  It was dark.
  It's just you guys.
  Yep.
  He could have killed me.
  He could have done anything to me.
  Instead of what other people are doing at Desert Trip, which is like getting high, playing  Cornell, going to the array of pinball machines they had.
  Instead you were on your phone contacting a desert courier.
  Yeah.
  So that I, for whatever reason that weekend was extra like insane.
  Like sometimes I can get really fixated on something like I got to find this, I got to  do it.
  And that was like, that was a supercharged version of it.
  Well there was this, I think between everybody there was a saved group value of like $4,000  because of all of this.
  So I thank you for it.
  We got tickets that were like $1,300 for like $250 or something, $300 or something crazy.
  And now you can do this at the parks.
  You can do this in sanity.
  I love it.
  Yeah.
  I love it.
  I don't know why.
  Any, any, what are the, any big highlight highlights and any big lowlights?  Oh, we've talked about this before, maybe not on the show, but for sure in real life.
  The dinosaur ride at Animal Kingdom kind of a scary, always scared me when I went on it  as a kid.
  It's kind of headache inducing.
  There's a lot going on.
  It's a lot going on.
  So Luke's go, Luke, my buddy Luke goes, let's go on dinosaur.
  And I was like, and then he's like, he's like, come on.
  And I was like, well, and I was like, maybe I'm just scared of dinosaur.
  Maybe that's, it's like some old childhood fear.
  I can go on dinosaur.
  It's the same track layout as Indiana Jones, which I love.
  Come on, Michael, you'll be fine.
  So we go on, we do the whole thing.
  We go through the ride and I'm doing, I'm doing fine.
  You know, I'm not scared of dinosaur or whatever, and I'm seeing it more for the first time.
  Usually I have my eyes closed on it.
  So I'm really seeing the ride and now I can tell, Oh, this turn is the skull room in Indiana  Jones.
  So I'm really, I'm enjoying the ride more.
  You've cracked the code of this.
  So the ride gets, the ride is done and I'm like, yeah, pretty good or whatever.
  I must've done really well.
  I get the ride photo back and with the premiere press, I get all the photos for free.
  I just want to let you know that.
  So I get the ride photo from dinosaur back and I really should, should bring this up  for you right now.
  I am cowering in fear.
  We will post this on Instagram.
  It is an intense ride.
  It's very dark.
  That's one of the complaints people have about it.
  It's dark and loud.
  I love it.
  And I, even as a kid, I loved it.
  And it is one where it's like the storytelling's good where they're like, you might die.
  It's like, no, we got to get them out of there.
  And it's like, no, the meteor is coming.
  Like we're close to the dinosaur.
  We can get the dinosaur and get them out.
  It's like, no, these people are going to die.
  Like yeah, so if we cover this as an episode, we should keep it in that tone.
  It should be screamed for a straight hour and a half.
  And the pre-show with Wallace Langham I think still holds up.
  So here's the fun to show you.
  We'll put this on Twitter.
  Uh, I everyone in the car, everyone in the car is enjoying the ride smiling.
  I have my head down.
  I don't remember doing this.
  My memory of being on the ride was that I, I was a very brave man.
  Three small children staring with no problem at a dinosaur.
  I am wincing looking the wrong way.
  It's insane.
  I don't remember doing it, but apparently in a movie where the hero kid is about to  get hit by the bully and he like crunches up and then like something happens to the  bully where he doesn't end up swinging at him.
  Yeah, it's, it was, I mean it's, the photo is shameful.
  I will, I'll show it to you because it's funny.
  Yeah, this is going right to the Twitter.
  Yeah, part of the deal here is, uh, yeah, yeah.
  Look, you've had your wins with your, uh, uh, you know, your, look, you're, you're a  manipulator of systems and a saver of money.
  Yes.
  Uh, you're also not a saver of dinosaurs apparently.
  No, Icarus flying too close to the sun.
  His hubris caught up with him.
  You would have let the last dinosaur go extinct.
  That's what it is, right?  You're trying to get a specific dinosaur and then they're shouting at you.
  No, that's not it.
  That's not it either.
  It's like, I do not like this ride.
  I will say I liked it more than I did, but it is, it is a lot.
  This photo is you liking it more.
  I did.
  I thought I told you, I thought I took, I thought it was brave, but apparently the photo  says otherwise.
  I don't know if we've talked about it on the show, but like any photo past photos of me  on rides, I have the same shitty dang grin on my face the whole time.
  I'm just like, Oh, that's what it, uh, that's what I look like when I'm happy.
  Huh?  And this is the only time you see this in photos.
  It's me on rides.
  Oh yeah.
  Your pure joy, you feel looks embarrassing.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  Um, uh, well I saw Trump.
  I mean, uh, oh yeah.
  You saw the Trump Trump.
  Uh, I got screaming at it.
  I hope you did or you're not a true patriot.
  Mr.
 Trump.
  Excuse me, Mr.
 Trump.
  Hey buddy, can you sit down and shut the fuck up?  We paid $10,000 to do this fucking family reunion here.
  There's a security.
  I saw the security guard in there.
  I ran in and was like, I was like being more like excited to see it.
  I mean, not in like a horrifying way.
  Um, and I had my phone out to take like, and I could tell the security guard, he switched  sides.
  He saw where I was sitting.
  I, this is a guess, but I think I had my phone out to try to figure out and he switched over  and all of a sudden he was like next to me and I was like, Oh man, is he gonna, does  this guy, does this kid think he's going viral?  He's got another thing coming.
  He could have had his hand on his gun or something.
  Like I don't know.
  We got an Antifa in a row.
  I will say this.
  We like hotel bars.
  My favorite place now is the abracadab bar.
  I don't know about the boardwalk on the boardwalk hotel.
  Oh my goodness.
  This is so great.
  If there was an abracadab bar here, we would go every week.
  It's it was fantastic.
  The theme is magic, right?  Like it's tiny.
  It's great.
  It's on the, on the boardwalk.
  Another good bar is the Martha's vineyard bar at yacht beach club, another tiny weird  bar in the hotel.
  Loose bone fragments on the roof, but other than that, they might fall in your drink.
  But yeah, yeah.
  Other than that, I waited in line to meet Mickey, Minnie and Goofy alone, which is kind  of an accident because I was trying to do stuff that I don't normally do when I was  alone at this point.
  This is, well, this is a question.
  Did the married couple, the couple they were on a vacation together, did they have to create  a little space at some point?  I was very nice and I allowed them to have space.
  I said, you guys can go do your own thing sometime.
  And they, that was one of the times when they were doing their own thing.
  Have a free day.
  Have a free day for me.
  And I was wandering around Epcot doing stuff that I, and it was like, oh, character meetup  spot or whatever.
  And I was like, well, there's a fast pass for that right now.
  Let me go see what that's all about.
  So I get in line.
  It's for three characters and I am, believe it or not, the only single man in the line  among a group of families.
  So everyone is looking at me a little crook, like, okay.
  I think there's some, like a tag got put on you at the beginning of this trip and never  stayed on.
  He's here.
  He's in Hall of Presidents.
  He's trying to meet Minnie now.
  I had the magic band on so they can track me very easily.
  You were on the list.
  You were on Mickey's list.
  Yeah.
  So I went in and I meet Mickey and Mickey wants nothing to do with me.
  Mickey gets this photo op done like so fast.
  We do like one or like one and a half photos and he's like onto the next thing.
  Covers his face so you can't tell who he is.
  Mickey did not want any part of this.
  I go up to Goofy and I also, now I'm going, do I bail out?  Do I just get out of here?  Cause like, okay, I got with the Mickey.
  Let me just run.
  And I was like, nope, you're going to do all three.
  Yeah, you're there.
  You're there.
  You may as well.
  So, uh, Goofy wants the clown around.
  And then I think I say something like as if I'm meeting a real, I go, Oh, you were my  favorite Goofy when I was a boy.
  You got put on Mickey's deeper list with that.
  Wow.
  Goofy's like, wow.
  And he gives me like a big hug and like we do some bits and then, uh, I don't remember.
  You couldn't describe them.
  They wouldn't be verbal.
  So they wouldn't play on the podcast.
  But feel free to act them out to us later.
  And then I get too Minnie.
  And let me just say, when you're in these costumes, you can take some liberties with  the guest.
  Minnie gives me an aggressive hug and I'm not like, this isn't like a brag.
  I'm not trying to be like, you should have seen how Minnie hugged me or anything.
  Minnie grabs me in tight and I'm like, ah, like, Oh, like if a friend of mine hugged  me like this, I would be like, Ooh, what's this about?  And then she's like doing a bit with me cause I have Mickey on my shirt and she's like pointing  at him, pointing at the Mickey over there.
  And she's pointing at my shirt and I'm like, yeah, yeah.
  He's a handsome man.
  You're very lucky.
  So she grabs my arm.
  I posted this, this is already on the, uh, the Instagram.
  Oh yes.
  We had some, she like gets me in like on my, on like my arm, grabs me and like, we're going  to a school dance and then, and then we take photos.
  Which is the only way you would have ever gone to a prom is if someone forced you.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And they were in a Minnie costume.
  Yes.
  That would have really helped.
  Uh, and then gives me an even, even closer hug to leave.
  So I get two hugs and then this has happened to me before.
  Minnie leans her giant nose against me and you hear a smooch sound effect.
  So the person in the costume has kissed me through the Minnie head.
  Hmm.
  So you, you cuckolded Mickey Mouse while wearing a t-shirt with Mickey Mouse on it.
  She was looking right at you and she didn't care.
  Yes.
  Uh, Mickey was too down, but yeah, he could see what was happening and he couldn't have  been pleased about it.
  How rare is it for the person you're cheating with to have a shirt with your husband on  it?  That is what a dream.
  What a requesting that ahead of time.
  Just happenstance.
  Why that's insane.
  Did it slow you down?  No, didn't think so.
  Um, that's one of your Jason's fantasies on his Bumble account.
  Look them up ladies.
  You're in the area, you start pre printing photos of just people you know are married  to have a t-shirt collection ready to go.
  Yeah, sure.
  In case I ever meet your wife.
  So what you're saying, um, I'm, I can't tell if this is positive or if you're upset, like  the guy who got kissed by Katy Perry on American Idol.
  Oh, Oh.
  Who showed that guys can be harassed too.
  Huh?  Because I was, I was thinking like this, I could report this if I want, if I didn't like  it.
  I think that if there are like 12 levels of Disney list within just this podcast, you've  ascended like six.
  Yeah.
  They will have an eye on you.
  Yes.
  They can't stop you from coming because you spend too much money, but they are just, you're  going to be tailed every single time.
  Yeah, for sure.
  I think what, but I think the thing that you, some people were probably assuming either  the costume characters or the handlers or stuff, they, they were actually probably thinking  something different, which is like, Oh, this is a dad going back to the hotel to take a  nap or like this is a dad wandering around on his own.
  And he's like, Oh yeah, why am I got a picture by myself or something?  Let me ask you, do you think the three of us do people, if we, especially in Florida  where it's a lot more uncommon to be, do you think they're like, Oh, these are dads.
  Cause I still don't think I look, I look like I dress too much like a 12 year old to look  like a dad.
  That's my, that, but, but I might be delusional though.
  I think, uh, uh, older millennials who are starting to have kids do dress more casually  than like their parents would do dress more like children.
  What I'm trying to say is, do you still think I have a going on?  That's really what I'm asking.
  Or was this, was it, was many approaching you as a, as a single, hot to trot gentleman,  or was she approaching you to like give, give some sugar to dad?  She's probably having a sad trip.
  Are you concerned that you're, you're going into handsome young father territory or you're,  you're aging into handsome young father territory?  I don't know.
  I'm just wondering, cause I don't see myself like that even though I am, I'm old enough  to have a 18 year old.
  Let's be honest.
  I'm not sure, I don't know.
  Should we pose, should we pose this to the audience in the most uncomfortable Twitter  poll?  Does Mike have it going on?  Still have it going on.
  If you have the answer came back, no.
  We'll pose it to Mike and I's shared agent to see if we can start get him out or more  young father roles.
  I'd like to get out at all, please.
  What's Mike's type?  So, so the last thing I did on this trip was I dined the Liberty Tree Tavern.
  Do you know what this is?  This is in Liberty Square.
  I was looking, I ate there last time.
  Yeah, I enjoyed it.
  Um, yeah.
  Near Trump, near the Trump robot.
  It is very near the Trump robot.
  And I had a reservation for three, but, uh, uh, the other two people in my party said,  Hey, we'd rather go on a couple rides than go to this restaurant.
  And I said, well, I've never been to this restaurant before.
  I would like to try it.
  And they were like, that's fine.
  You can do whatever you want.
  In my mind, from childhood, this restaurant serves like sandwiches and apples.
  No, that's not correct.
  No, it's, it's a little more of a Thanksgiving dinner.
  Yes.
  They serve a lot of, of food.
  So, so basically, so what happens is, uh, I get there, we're supposed to get on a plane.
  I'm supposed to get on a plane at like six o'clock and it's about two o'clock and my  reservations for two 15.
  So I'm thinking I get in there, I get seated in a couple of minutes, no problem.
  Everything will be fine.
  So I'm waiting in there for 30 minutes, 35 minutes for like 40 minutes.
  And my friends don't have a flight for like an hour or two after me.
  So they're not in this time crunch.
  So I'm like, Oh God, I gotta, I gotta go, but I want to eat this meal.
  I want to have this meal.
  So I'm looking through the menu and I overhear, uh, somebody go, well, the thing to get is  the all you can eat food.
  And I go, well, I gotta get the all you can eat meal.
  You're alone.
  I am alone though.
  But I was like, the portions I had last time I was there and your time crunch and I'm getting  nervous.
  I'm at, I'm in a time crunch.
  And you have a driver's license that is expensive.
  Yes.
  Which airport that is not in your state of residence.
  Right.
  So, so I'm, I'm standing and waiting there.
  And finally, uh, I am welcome to my seat.
  And what happens is a person in a colon, like an old colonial outfit comes up and goes,  here ye, here ye, the table is now ready for the blank party.
  So all, it's all families that are getting here ye, here ye'd and all of a sudden somebody  comes and I have a video of it and I will post it here ye, here ye, the table is ready  for the Carlson party.
  And I go, it's just me.
  She takes me over to the table.
  So now the crunch is on and I'm sitting down and I've ordered the all you can eat and it's  like two 45 or something.
  And I think that it's sort of like Ohana in the way Ohana is the restaurant, the Polynesian  where they kind of bring stuff around and you can say yes or no.
  It is not like Ohana.
  They just bring you giant plates of food.
  Yeah.
  It's family style.
  It's family style.
  So I'm sitting there, they bring me a giant salad, just like the Disney world salad that's  like caked in dressing.
  It's delicious, but there's no nutritional value whatsoever.
  And they bring me four giant rolls and I'm eating this and going, Oh fuck, I have made  a huge mistake.
  So I'm trying to get through this quickly and they're busy too.
  So they're not like so responsive.
  So it's taking a while to get the food.
  You're going to end up so fat that you don't look like you do on the driver's license.
  I don't really think you were forging it.
  So I eat like half the salad.
  I eat half of the rolls on like I push them and they're just bringing me diet cokes.
  I had like four giant diet cokes for this meal.
  So then they bring me this big plate.
  So your heart's working overtime for multiple reasons.
  So the caffeine that I would discuss earlier, I'm just like mainlining caffeine right now.
  So they bring me this plate of food that I can, it is, it is like three people's meal.
  This is lunch also.
  It's like roast turkey, meatloaf, hot roast, right?  It is three different types of meat.
  Let me show it to you right now.
  It is this, there are mashed potatoes, there are green beans, there's stuffing, there's  turkey, there's like a big like juice.
  I don't even know what that is.
  There is some kind like a buck, a bowl of gravy, a bowl of gravy, and then a giant macaroni  and cheese bowl behind that.
  So I am stressed out so bad because I have to go and you're staying off site, right?  You're staying by Disney Springs.
  Yeah.
  So we have to go, we have to go back to get, I mean it's sort of on the way, but we have  to go back, get the luggage and then get to the airport.
  So I am shoveling this food into the joylessly shoveling this food into my mouth.
  Man, you fucked up.
  And I am, there's a pain.
  You should have just eaten at like the burger place at Disney Springs that day.
  I know.
  I, so here, these are the texts I sent my girlfriend.
  So I'm like, I am insane for doing this, all this food.
  And yeah, it's, so I'm sending these photos.
  So I'm eating and here, I hate to be gross, but I have to say this as part of the story.
  I am eating so much food in the middle of the meal, I have to go to the bathroom.
  So I have to go to the bathroom and then come back to eating.
  And I had to like, leave my, Jason has taken his glasses off and is rubbing his face.
  It is, I am so stressed out at this point.
  And I can't finish all of it, but I'm like, I want to finish this macaroni.
  So I like finished the bowl of macaroni.
  I finished a lot of it.
  I should have taken a picture of what I did, but I'm in such a rush.
  Then they bring out, there is a giant pizookie like dessert that is last.
  There's a pizookie is like a cookie on top, like ice cream and it's heated and it's got  these like delicious butterscotch like morsels.
  And I have a pain in the left side of my stomach.
  There's a pain there.
  And I'm like, you can leave at any time.
  No one is holding you.
  I paid for this thing and I want the experience that I want to be able to talk about.
  So I'm eating this and I do at that point, I have half of it.
  And I go, you cannot eat this.
  You can't finish this.
  You will throw up on the plane.
  You are crazy if you do this.
  So then I just said, okay, that's it.
  I paid.
  I got up and then I just kind of limped my way out of the Magic Kingdom.
  That was my last experience in Orlando.
  This is after the, I'm thinking about the film, The Florida Project, where all of the  impoverished people live just outside the gates and their ultimate fantasy would be  to go in just for a few minutes and hear you, I'm eating too much food.
  I got too much mac and cheese and pie.
  It's crazy.
  It's shameful.
  Here on my second Disney World trip in six months.
  The way I live is shameful.
  This is funny because a few years ago when I went, like I had the total opposite experience  where it's just like, oh, we've got a little bit of time.
  We were staying at the Bay Lake Tower at the contemporary.
  So it's like, oh, we took them on a rail to Magic Kingdom and just did a couple of things  and then had a nice leisurely meal at the Wave in the contemporary and had the whole  place to ourselves and checked out right there and oh, what a pleasant last day before we  had to get on the plane.
  That's not how I roll, man.
  It's the polar opposite.
  You're on the other side of the proper heat.
  I have to fit in as much fun.
  I have to cram as much fun into my mouth as possible.
  I was eating like I was trying to win a contest.
  It was crazy.
  Yeah.
  Fortune favors the bold, Michael.
  Yeah.
  So as the French foreign legions say, I'll say this, though.
  The food was very good.
  Yeah, really good.
  It was nice.
  It was good.
  Delicious.
  It was like a nice Thanksgiving meal.
  The last thing I'll say about the trip is that and Scott, you may want to turn this  down and give it to Jason.
  I've brought you guys free gifts, single disposable towels from Disney's Contemporary Resort.
  You want to give the other one to Jason, feel free.
  Why would I do that?  All right.
  This one is a little crinkled.
  I'm sorry.
  It's great.
  Oh, boy.
  I stayed there.
  Feel free to.
  I went in and I went in the gift shop and I was like, hey, do you have anything with  this with the contemporary logo on it?  They went, no.
  Yeah, they don't have a lot of postcard or hotel merch.
  Maybe one contemporary logo, which is just handwriting.
  It says contemporary.
  Yeah.
  You just had to have this somewhere.
  There's a different variant of it, too, that has like a little monorail on it and stuff.
  But the hotels in Florida are kind of crap shoots for hotel specific merch.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, true.
  I was like looking, oh, should I get them souvenirs?  But this is a whole other discussion.
  But everything's the same as Disneyland.
  It's all the same crap that we can buy at Disneyland.
  So it's not like when I was looking through souvenirs, like, oh, what could I get people?  It's all the same stuff that's in Anaheim.
  So I'm like, well.
  Well, you did.
  You sent me a picture of a shirt from the boathouse that said, Doc Boy on it.
  That's true.
  I sent you the shirt that said Doc Boy.
  I almost told you, like, get me a medium.
  Well, I'll then vote you.
  Like, I kind of went with Doc Boy.
  Well, on the Orlando trip, I take in three months.
  I will get you the Doc Boy shirt.
  Oh, boy.
  Yeah.
  So this episode, I feel, has been like your meal with many courses.
  Yes.
  Trying to cram as much in as humanly, a disgusting amount of stories and content and topics.
  The listener now wants to throw up.
  I cannot have, I cannot listen to this part about the Pirates Dinner Adventure.
  And you can't, you can stop.
  Or if you want to get your full all you can eat value.
  Or you can go to the bathroom right now and come back.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Take a break, because now we head down to Buena Park.
  Let's board this galleon.
  Let's come aboard, Mayday.
  To talk about a different thing that we all went to that was where food, where shrimp  skewers are being.
  Are we the enemy?  Are we the bad, are we bad guys?  Are we, uh, Oh, are we food?  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Spending money.
  Is this a privileged podcast?  Is this what we're proving?  Yeah, for sure.
  Is someone using this in like a college class to show how there's too much media from people  who have unrelatable experiences to ramble about?  I mean, I thought the Pirates adventure was like pretty reasonable for what it is price  wise.
  There's not a lot indulgent there.
  It wasn't like, you know, the upper crust at this event.
  It was regular folk going out for a night now.
  And this is a great, I think this is a great place.
  If you were part of like a little league team or a boy scout troop or something.
  Yeah.
  Imagine the, you would treasure your night, you would treasure your night at Pirates Dinner  Adventure forever.
  So the Pirates Dinner Adventure, as we started to say, this was a birthday surprise for you.
  None of us had been, but we've passed by it.
  It's very near Knott's Berry Farm.
  It is also very near Medieval Times and Medieval Times is probably kind of a.
.
.
  Comparable.
  Yes.
  And probably a precursor to this where there's a big show and a multi-course meal that comes  out while you eat the show, while you eat the show, while you watch the show.
  So and it also, I'd like to say, I've talked about it before, but the area, this Buena  Park attraction zone, Beach Boulevard, is like, it's very Florida.
  It's like the most Florida thing in California.
  In that it's, I Drive is the area in Florida where there's all these crazy attractions  and buildings that look like a bunch of cartoon shit.
  This area in Buena Park, this small, this little mile of road, has Knott's Berry Farm,  Medieval Times, Pirate's Dinner Adventure, Farrell's, which is an old-timey ice cream  parlor, which we took a special trip to to see a bear that is important to Aaron and  I.
  I know what that bear is.
  Yeah, which is mainly seen, Truffles the bear, who is mainly seen at the Rocky Mountain Chocolate  Factory, if you go to that in your local mall, there's a big sad bear outside of it.
  There's one in Glendale.
  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  Oh, but there's not a Farrell's, is it?  I've always wanted to go to Farrell's.
  It shows up in pop culture, I feel like, as like a reference.
  Yes, Farrell's was a, I think, a chain that my parents liked a lot.
  There was like an old-timey, it felt like the 20s, and it's the kind of thing, I think  the Simpsons has made fun of it in various guises, where like there's a sparkler in your  ice cream and everybody's wearing those like ragtime kind of bands around your arm and  like an alarm goes off if somebody gets the giant sundae or whatever.
  Farrell's is though a brand, it went away and it got brought back on the show The Prophet.
  Yes, I love The Prophet.
  I was going to say, I think one of them was on The Prophet.
  Oh boy, check it out on your CNBC app or Hulu or whatever.
  Also, Marcus The Prophet, I love Marcus.
  Oh, me too, we haven't talked about The Prophet.
  I can't believe we didn't, oh man.
  Oh, The Prophet.
  Oh, we're starting a profit cast.
  Yes, I would.
  Every episode, checking in on how the business is doing, building to a Marcus appearance.
  It's like a much less aggressive bar rescue.
  With a little bit of, it's like the interesting business acumen you pick up from Shark Tank,  but more like you see it out in the street in the moment.
  Well Farrell's, they did a follow-up episode, checking in on the business, which had fallen  into disarray.
  Oh no, I'm nervous.
  And weirdly, one of the owners of Farrell's, for some reason walking around with a broken  arm that's never referenced.
  Like the character Martha on Baskets is just like an extra element to make her extra sad,  never explain broken arm.
  But anyway, the business is in disarray.
  And Marcus takes that personally because Marcus always wanted to have a candy store growing  up.
  There's a couple candy store ones and you can see the joy in his eyes when he's like,  I own part of a candy store and he's eating candy.
  He clearly has kind of a fetish for the bag that you fill up with the, as you do Mike,  which I had never done.
  I went to Farrell's not long after and did the scooping up the candy into the bag.
  I had a great time.
  It's great margins on that.
  Ah, good point.
  Well, they turned it, he combined one of his candy store properties, Sweet Pete's with  Farrell's.
  So the Buena Park Farrell's is now Farrell's presented by Sweet Pete's.
  Oh, I think I have seen that.
  So we had to go check in on it.
  And also the bear who is typically seen in another candy store, but now he's in this  candy store.
  We saw the bear, truffles the bear, most indulgent episode we've ever done.
  So anyways, this is just, but again, we got our last guest, Steve Anderson to go to this,  just go to Beach Boulevard.
  You're going to have a blast.
  There's also, I'll also think of, there's Rock and Brew's, the Kiss restaurant.
  There's a McDonald's that inexplicably says McThriller because it used to have a flight  simulator in it, but no longer does, but still says McThriller.
  And they don't have this anymore, but I was reading about Buena Park history and they  used to have an alligator farm where the big attraction show was making a bunch of alligators  go down a slide.
  Whoa, wow.
  Pushing gators into a pool.
  They did not want to do that, I bet.
  No, gators are so listless.
  They don't want to do anything except like attack something once in a while.
  This is not a good climate for gators.
  No, yeah, just the middle of just weird, dry Orange County.
  Yeah, Disneyland's never opened a zoo.
  This isn't like, yeah, this has not been terribly popularized, thank God, in Orange County.
  So anyway, this area is insane and one of the big pieces of the insanity is Pirates  Dinner Adventure, which we learned Justin Donaldson who was with us said he went there  when it was a, was it a Western show?  Yeah, it was a Western cowboy dinner show.
  After the Pirates movies were popular, they decided to re-theme and seize on the popularity  of Pirates.
  Yes, which had all said previously happened in Orlando because there's another location  of this in Orlando on iDrive, the insane attraction zone in Orlando.
  As it tells you on the placemats at this restaurant, Buena Park and Orlando.
  Oh yeah, okay.
  It has the phone numbers for both.
  It says, well the website says choose your port.
  And that's which is the only choice I ever want to have in my life is am I going to Buena  Park or Orlando?  But before we get too far, because I think, you know, I imagine we might like, I had a  good time at this thing.
  I might rip on a couple components of it, but before we get too far, do you guys know,  did you catch that the Orlando one is struggling in the wake of Hurricane Irma?  I was not aware of this.
  Oh, it's roof, right?  Yeah.
  Like it's roof got damaged.
  The roof got tore off, not in the fun way that music artists want to happen in a concert,  but in a literal way.
  And it's, yeah, it's a bummer.
  And I, so I feel bad, I'd like to apologize to the Orlando Pirates Dinner Adventure.
  And apparently like nothing else in that zone really got damaged, but this was a weird custom  roof that they built, a dome, and they should be up and running again sometime in 2018.
  I don't, hopefully they didn't have to like let a lot of people go, but that's a bummer.
  Hope you, hope it gets back into, back into safe shape.
  But anyway, that one's been there since probably early 2000s and then they moved it out here  to Buena Park and then we went.
  In 2018.
  Yeah, it took us, took us a while.
  I don't know, how do we, what do we cover?  It's, okay, I'll say this about the show.
  There's a lot going on.
  Yeah.
  There's a lot of, like there's a big set, the set is cool.
  As soon as we walked in the door, a man came up to us with a tray and said, fried pickles?  Would you like some fried pickles?  Yeah, that's true.
  There's a whole pre-show, we should say that.
  There's a whole, there's a bar outside.
  You can get like these just obnoxiously sweet drinks with rum in them.
  And there's wandering app.
  We got there pretty close to the end.
  Did you just call it wandering app?  Wandering app people.
  Yeah, there are waiters wandering around giving out apps.
  Is that a term though?  I just, I thought it was the most efficient way to describe what was happening.
  No, you're right.
  I just, you said it with the confidence of a restaurant industry insider.
  Oh no.
  Yeah, and you didn't put any like comedy, like a comedy stank on it.
  I don't know what, I mean, it's funny because they're mostly, they have to come through  the gift shop.
  So like you could be looking at pirate necklaces and someone's like, do you want a mini meatball  sandwich?  Yeah.
  I'm going to post, we'll post a photo of us outside of the, that Aaron took, that's us  outside of the sign that explains the party packages that are available.
  Do you know offhand the package that Lindsay arranged?  She did a great job booking this event, I will say.
  I can't remember what the name of the package was.
  The one that came with chocolate cake, I remember that.
  Ah, yes.
  You got, you got the jolly pirate, which includes a slice of chocolate cake, pirate flag, bandana,  and bearded, beaded necklace, bearded necklace.
  That sounds fun.
  There's also the, I can't read there, lots of boot.
  It's too piratey, this font, privateer, full bounty.
  I hope if I have to take a vision test, they don't do it, the letters in a pirate font.
  But anyway, we did get chocolate cake as part of it, which was left in my car, as you might  know if you follow us on Twitter.
  I'm getting upset.
  I don't want to talk about that.
  Jason, I'm sorry, I threw the cake away.
  You're out of your mind.
  They tricked leaving a cake out.
  Here's the problem.
  I would have killed, you must not be sweet tooth people.
  Well, I didn't want to, it was, it would have been sitting in the car for 12 hours.
  He doesn't give a shit about a cake in the car for 12 hours.
  That thing could have been there for a week.
  It's been like in the fifties, in the low fifties at night.
  It's just cake.
  That's an acceptable cake temperature.
  You're probably right.
  But also, I've been, your car was out of service, I've been driving you around a bunch anyway.
  I would have had to deliver you the cake.
  Oh, you're right.
  Yeah.
  I would have had to make a trip to bring a cake to your house.
  That is true.
  He would be fine requesting that of you.
  He doesn't care.
  If you'd paid me the like $7 that a Postmates guy would, I would have been your personal  Postmates person.
  That's out of the question, I think.
  The cake, they sort of trick you with the cake because they, she was like, Lindsay said  like they were like, well, do you want the cake as well?  And then she was like, oh yeah, yeah.
  But they didn't tell her that it comes with dessert.
  It comes with tres leches.
  So we ended up getting two cakes.
  So she would not have gotten that cake.
  Nothing wrong with that.
  Which I thought was delightful.
  She was, it was an old pirate trick to get her to get two cakes for all of us.
  We got her!  Arrrr!  Well, you made $15.
  Because yeah, it was my birthday and they do a whole thing there.
  When I say a whole thing about the birthday, it means they just read from a list of people  in the audience whose birthday it is.
  And it's Mrs.
 Robertson's seventh grade class here.
  Good job on geometry exams.
  Yeah, there was a lot of that.
  There was like, his way to Park High School here and the whole section, like cheers.
  They go fucking nuts.
  It's Kayden's birthday, you lay a love person.
  Kayden?  Kayden and Jayden, the twins.
  So, so you're getting a great meal.
  You're getting wandering apps right when you walk in.
  Crudit.
  You can go get a shot of grog, which you guys did.
  We ordered an entire bottle of wine.
  Oh yeah.
  Which was necessary to get through it, I believed.
  But it made it fun.
  The wine which was delivered to us at our eventual table in the lagoon.
  And then, so you're, the little show starts that explains the story, which involves Captain  Sebastian the Black, who has been deposed.
  Isn't there something like they think he's gone, but then he shows up in the show?  There's a lot of buildup to Captain Sebastian the Black.
  Yeah, they think he's gone.
  I'll be honest with you, my memory of the plot is not, it's a little fuzzy.
  Yeah, I was hoping-  There's a princess that was going to get married to another prince who is like a fat old guy.
  They seem to allude that her, who she's been arranged to marry is a fat old guy and then  pirates come and interrupt the show.
  Yes.
  And simultaneously there is like someone has brought a jewel for her as a gift and they  say this a lot.
  She is a quote, gypsy girl.
  And boy, they say gypsy a lot.
  A word that is on its way out, a word that-  But isn't she literally a gypsy though?  Yeah, but I don't think you're supposed to be, I don't know that you're supposed to be  tossing around that casually.
  Also was more just kind of like a brave heart, was more kind of like just a zena girl, I  guess was a better description.
  Okay, so you took it as a slur.
  There's a couple old, there's a couple things in the show that might be a bit problematic  at this point.
  Let me read this line relating to the flippancy regarding gypsies.
  At some point, I was taking scattered notes during the show and among them my notes were,  hey, gypsy, are you a campfire?  Because you're really hot and I want some more.
  Some more.
  So I guess he must have said some more.
  So that's not the most respectful thing to say, but it's a fair question.
  And this continues the trend of women not faring super well in the stunt shows.
  Although the women in the show did get to do a lot of fun stuff.
  They got to do some business.
  Our pirate in particular sort of harassed the woman until she would finally go out with  him.
  Did you notice that?  His woman was like an aerial contortionist.
  But early on she didn't want to be with him and he kept grabbing her by the wrist and  then she would float back in and then she'd push him away.
  And you're like, come on, green pirate.
  Come on, take a hint.
  But then they started doing the Cirque du Soleil shit.
  Right, but that's like the old movie where you force a kiss on her and then she would  hit you for a while and then she'd go, wait a minute, I like this.
  Well this is a current event issue.
  We probably don't have time to get into it, but the pirate auction has just been changed.
  It's a new world and we're trying to revise pirate history.
  But you know, it was what it was.
  Look, these shows have never portrayed literally what it was, which is too graphic.
  I don't know, this is a problem that all pirates.
.
.
  Yeah, look, women were not doing well in pirate times or even pirate stories written a long  time ago.
  Our pirate and the acrobat girl got really hot and heavy at the end.
  Yeah, there is a scene.
  So we're jumping around here, but there are so many different types of things going on  in the show.
  There are fights, there are contests that are true contests.
  Like you're having an audience member throw bean bags up at a pirate above us in the seating  area and then he has to swing over and put it in a bucket and whoever does that first  wins some sort of pirate contest.
  There's a number of pirate contests.
  Some of them are more predetermined than others.
  There are, I'll say this, there's a lot of trampoline going on.
  There's double dutch on the trampoline.
  There are songs, there are.
.
.
  Like toasts, they teach you how to swing your grog back and forth.
  There's a lot of swinging your cups.
  All the cups are plastic.
  And then like beautiful, I don't even know what to call it.
  What do you call it?  Like the gymnast stuff where there's like a long piece of cloth and they're like unraveling  themselves from the ceiling.
  That happens.
  What's the actual term for that?  I don't know the name of it.
  I wrote ribbon dancer, but that's not right.
  Yeah, that Cirque du Soleil sort of like they're wrapping themselves in it and they're being  lifted up and then they spin all the way down.
  Sensual gymnastry.
  It is so sensual.
  Our pirate and this woman had this co-dance and they were unraveling themselves from the  ceiling.
  They clearly are a package.
  They clearly are a duo.
  And it's an erotic.
  It's very erotic.
  Well, they also, I should say that this is the night to this is the like, most of the  time this is the show that the Pirates Dinner Adventure Venue is doing, but they also do  a show called Teatro Martini, which is for adults that is all body kind of, and I think  also involves zip lines and sensual.
  But is that in the main theater?  I thought that that looked like it was just like a cabaret in the pre-show.
  I think you're right.
  I think they take over the pre-show is enough room to do a show in and of itself to do a  burlesque bleacher madhouse kind of.
  Because that in the pre-show, the gypsy girl does a full like there is a trapeze like sort  of bar that she's like swinging on directly above you.
  Like there's a zip line over you too in that area.
  That's part's pretty exciting.
  I may have run into the restroom.
  Wait a minute.
  I may have been in the restroom.
  No, no.
  You were standing right with us.
  What was the zip line?  Somebody goes right over you.
  Jason, two pirates came over our head in zip line.
  You, Lindsay and I were under them.
  I don't remember this.
  So I was, I was sweating it out.
  He's about to reveal.
  Wait.
  So I was a little stoned.
  I didn't have any crazy drinks, but I was a little stoned and on the car ride down,  it was fine.
  And then once the pirates started coming out and the wandering app people, I was like,  Oh God, there's a lot going on.
  Wait, the apps were what broke you?  Well, also the time crunch.
  Cause like the app time was ending.
  Like we called the tail.
  I could have eaten more apps.
  I'll say that.
  This is the second nightmare revolving around consuming food quickly and getting your value.
  But then also, also I was like, Oh no, how much participation is there in this?  Like uh, which was the answer ended up being a lot, but a reasonable amount.
  But you were worried that we're going to make you get on stage and recite things.
  Yeah.
  Uh huh.
  We're sending this video to your parents.
  Don't be weird.
  Don't be weird.
  I do recall you saying this, this is too much and stepping away pretty briefly.
  That's crazy though.
  Two giant pirates over your head on a zip line.
  I guess it's gone.
  It's like a traumatic thing.
  You're blocking it out.
  You walked to the, I do remember you walking back to hang out with Scott, but yeah, we  were, we were chilling in the back.
  You were by a fully stocked bar that it was not open.
  You were by, it was a weekday.
  Oh, which there was a sign that I was looking at photos from this later and the sign said  like the like, if we were closed, go to the other bar.
  Like it just made, I literally was staring at it like, what is, oh, they meet.
  Yeah.
  It doesn't, it works out loud, but not in print.
  But like there, there's some, there are a little more fast at like you are eating that  you're eating vegetable soup and a pirate is swinging eight feet above you.
  And bean bags are being thrown that might splash into your suit.
  Yeah, it is.
  That's the show brings you into the action.
  That's what I'll say.
  Medieval times, they have like a, a tent, a scroll, like a, a, like a screen in front  of the audience now.
  So like no hockey game.
  Yeah.
  It's like a hockey game.
  So you don't get like an ax that like flies.
  This does not, this does not.
  And I had, I have recently seen the medieval time show a couple of months ago for, there  was a group for the dough boys podcast and I was, they were lucky.
  I was lucky enough to be invited along to that.
  Oh boy.
  So I can compare these two dinner shows.
  Uh, medieval times, a lot more boring than the show.
  The show has got a lot going on.
  Oh, good for pirates.
  Medieval times has like, uh, you know, there's some like, they do a lot of filler before  the actual fighting.
  There's like a bird ceremony and they got a bird that flies all around and you're like,  okay, who cares?  And then there's, they have a lot of pageantry and if you'd like horses, that's nice, but  we didn't really get going with the show until they take the axes out and start swinging  them.
  This got you into it so quick.
  They're like asking, like they're getting, once they get everyone in there, like as you're  getting people in the room, they're like, all right, and so uh, do you drinks, you want  soda?  And the like show is going on and they're like soup, super salad, super salad.
  Yeah, they're getting in and out.
  Uh, by the way, what waggers probably like, I like the bird ceremony.
  I wish they didn't fight.
  The worst was the fighting.
  It was my jazz stick.
  I just wanted to pick soups for, uh, he listens.
  So he will hear that.
  Hey, sorry.
  We love you.
  Uh, yeah.
  Uh, so there, there's a lot going on.
  I might argue a little too much going on because it's confusing.
  There's a medieval times.
  Very simple.
  It's like every section has a night and they have a color and you cheer for them and that's  it.
  And whoever wins, you get, Oh yeah, they win.
  That is also happening in this show in addition to seven other subplots, you are cheering  for your pirate to be the head of the pirates.
  Is that what it is?  I never knew.
  And this is a problem I have.
  Like this is a thing that I have difficulty with in comics sometimes when there's like  a Dr.
 Doom mini series or a king pig mini series is you, it's like the bad guy becomes  less bad for a little bit so you can follow it or so like, so you're like, Oh wait, I  want this pirate to win, but do I want him to be most evil or less evil?  Cause the good guy because the pirate, the captain's son, but then he kind of gets redeemed  at like half the pirates get redeemed.
  You're right.
  You follow this so much better than I did and you were apparently high as a kite.
  I was coming down once I got some food in me.
  Once I got some food, uh, uh, but focus on the story.
  So I can focus on this story cause our pirate became a good guy cause he was, he was in  love with the girl and then there was another pirate who the, the young, the good other  good guy pirates spared his life in a duel.
  So then he became a good guy.
  Um, yeah, I don't remember any of this.
  I'm just shoveling dessert.
  But then the pirates who don't become good are just still like jolly pirate.
  I mean they're not bad.
  They're they're bad, but they're just like goofy.
  Like they're still, I, well, one thing that happened was that as I said, our bottle of  wine was taken from the bar and delivered to us.
  And then the other, the, your, the pirates that are not your allotted pirate, uh, like  the red, the red pirate comes around like mocking the other groups and the red pirate  took our bottle of wine away and I was genuinely furious.
  Pretend it to drink it.
  Put it pretty close to his mouth.
  Yeah.
  Dirty pirate mouth.
  Right.
  Which reminded Aaron.
  Oh, Aaron went to a red Robin, which used to have a walk around red Robin character  at one point in time.
  And the red Robin would like do little hijinks at the tables.
  And at one point it's like she, I don't know if it happened to her, she saw it happen to  somebody else that he like touched the food.
  Like this gross bird suit picked up a burger, like put his hands in the drink or something.
  And I was worried it was going to be a repeat of that with the red pirate.
  Thank God he brought it back.
  I was like, I guess, I mean, I guess that's the idea is to agitate me, but like, I don't  know where this guy has been.
  I don't know what part of Fullerton or Garden Grove he lives in.
  I don't know what he's getting up to.
  He did it to me too.
  Cause he goes, cause I had a red drink and he goes, so he goes, ah, you know what red  drinks?  That's mine.
  Right?  I get to keep anything that's red.
  And he took mine and I like, it makes you mad.
  I mean, it's good heel work.
  It's to use a wrestling term.
  It's like, cause I legit me like this motherfucker.
  I want this guy to lose.
  I want red to go down.
  He touched my food.
  That being said, I don't care for anyone, uh, fucking around with my food or drink.
  I don't want any sanitary issues.
  I like the bits.
  Come over and do a bit and tell me you're gonna, you know, make me walk the plank.
  That's all good fun.
  Yeah.
  Call me ugly or whatever.
  Don't take my wine.
  Don't take away the thing that's getting me through this.
  Cause like, I don't, I, if somebody missed, like if a waiter mishandles a drink glass,  I will just like not drink it.
  Like if they put, if their thumb is too close to the top where I might sip out of, I don't  like that.
  So, uh, I'm thinking that it was your birthday and we had pre contact, we should have slipped  them info about you.
  I hear you're scared of the dinosaur ride.
  Your attention to ticket booking detail is all consuming.
  It's a problem.
  Here's a dry detail I noticed that I was fascinated by.
  So, you know, in this place or like medieval times, there, there, the food you get is stuff  you can make in large quantities.
  So, uh, uh, they started, they said like, do you want soup or salad?  And I think most of us went with soup.
  Uh, you got salad?  Soup.
  Oh, I misheard you.
  Nice.
  Uh, but so let's advertise our podcast with that section.
  Jason.
  Oh, thanks.
  Uh, come down dude.
  Hey, we're here on earth, Mike.
  They put down the empty bowls and then they just came around with like, like pictures  like, like you would have, uh, my mom has a bunch of these cause she just drinks coffee  all day long.
  So she bores like coffee and the keys keeps it hot for awhile.
  Like these crafts, but of soup.
  So they were like pouring pitchers of soup coming around and I'm like, fast.
  I'm like, Oh, that's, that's how they do it.
  And similar to like when they came around, the magician secret revealed.
  I mean, I was interested in how they make it.
  And then they came around with the, the chicken.
  Most of us had a chicken.
  It was like chicken mashed potatoes and some mixed vegetables.
  But there was a vegetarian, a vegetarian that we had a couple of vegetarians walk us through  the vegetarian dish.
  Uh, it was squash ravioli, which in and of itself is fine.
  It was in a cream sauce, which would not be, uh, Aaron or my preference, but, uh, fine.
  We can do, we can deal with that.
  But then like on top of it, there's like a, uh, it's the, she described it as like balsamic  vinaigrette, just like salad dressing put on top of the, she had to just scrape it all  off the top.
  It was the strangest kind of, and they brag about it on the site.
  Two scoops of mashed potatoes.
  Oh, that's right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Mashed potatoes and ravioli with balsamic vinaigrette all over it.
  I, and I don't mean for this to be, if, if this is my legitimate one, cause I think they  do a good job.
  This is inexplicable.
  Just change your, what is it doing for you to have this balsamic sauce and other people  about it, other people complained about it online.
  It's not just us.
  It seems like what, um, it was a good amount of food, but it seemed like what a well intentioned,  like if you, if you brought someone you were dating home for the first time, well intentioned  mother was like, I hear you're a vegetarian.
  So I made this special for you.
  And it's like, okay, ravioli with cream sauce.
  And I was making potatoes anyway, so you get double potatoes.
  It is, I was going to say, it's like, say you were at the table and, and mom just learned  that this person was a vegetarian.
  She's like, Oh, don't worry.
  I'll be right back.
  And like whatever she had in the kitchen, she was like, all right, what am I going to  do?  Okay.
  Ravioli.
  Oh, maybe I'll put this on it.
  And just like, here we go.
  And um, the shake and bake powder is not, does not have meat in it.
  So, so let's sprinkle a little of that on there and maybe some captain crunch.
  We'll put it, do we have a photo of this?  We have a photo of this, right?  Uh, we'll find it.
  We'll figure it out.
  Yeah.
  Cause it looked bizarre as well.
  So this honestly might be my only suggestion for this place in the, in the near future  is just get rid of that sauce.
  Otherwise pretty good time.
  Yeah.
  And, and I liked the chicken and potatoes that I had.
  I thought it was pretty good.
  I liked it.
  And then you get a second round, center round of shrimp skewers.
  Yes.
  Which was very funny because they set it up in the show.
  They're like, we're missing something.
  You're all missing.
  Like he's, he lays it on really thick.
  Like, but the pirates life is not complete without your shrimp skewer.
  And at that point they announced, they announced the shrimp skewers.
  Jason stood up and started applauding.
  He was so excited.
  This was his favorite part of the show.
  I, oh, and then also too, they're coming around.
  They're coming around with like the buffet tray, like the, the steamer trays they have  in buffet.
  And they're like, you want more chicken?  It's like, right.
  They were coming around.
  I had a little more.
  I honestly wanted more potatoes, but I was like, oh, this guy's got a lot going on.
  I don't want to fuck him.
  I already like at some point like stopped and was like, Hey, could I get a glass of  water too?  And he's like, yeah, yeah, let me, uh, yeah.
  And a few minutes.
  And then cause they're like, they run it.
  It's a military operation.
  Great job of getting all the food out.
  But like the show is going on to, there are sword fights happening when they're getting  you sex.
  Explosions, cannons are going off.
  Which we aren't describing.
  We're talking about the food and not, there's like a dragon that comes out.
  But anyway, mashed potatoes.
  I love the dragons.
  My favorite.
  The dragon was great.
  I think we saw a dragon specific show that I saw described alternately as the jewel legend  of the Loch Ness monster or rise of the sea dragon.
  That was one of the shows that we saw.
  Okay.
  Right.
  So there's a jewel that's held in the sea, but then there's a curse jewel that summons  the Loch Ness monster, which is different.
  This is Scottish.
  This is a different mythology entirely.
  It's Scottish in the pre-show seemed a little medieval, but then at the end there are red  coats in a very fun fashion.
  Well that's a highlight.
  That's a highlight.
  Yeah.
  Well that you might know this part.
  You know, the phrase that I'm heading for probably another, my other favorite thing  that was shouted besides notes too.
  Like Scott's lead over is like, I'm taking notes on this.
  I think we got, I think we got an episode here.
  Really you think?  You think we can talk for two rambling hours about this?  About a chicken on a plate?  But the, uh, the shrimp skewers yell was very exciting, but also the way that they introduced  the red coats.
  Yeah.
  So, so when the day is saved by the good pirates and the ship is destroyed and there's explosions,  uh, they say, but let's hear it for the real heroes, your children.
  And then all of these kids that they've snuck away that they've like, Hey, do you want to  come be a part of the show at the end?  And they put them in little outfits and given them little muskets.
  So they're dressed like the red coat.
  Yes.
  They all got to fire at a ship and they all got to fire on this ship, but just the pirate,  the shrimp skewers thing.
  And then him going, they're real heroes of the day, your children are my favorite.
  That's the best line.
  Your children.
  Your children.
  Crucial article that makes that so funny.
  Um, Hey, you know, who else was part of it?  Your podcast cohost, Mike Carlson.
  You were in the show.
  At a certain point, the waiter, the waiter comes up to me and goes, you want to be in  the show?  And I go, Whoa, excuse me.
  He goes, yeah, you want to be in the show?  It's your birthday.
  You were identified, right?  I didn't have anything to do with my birthday.
  I think he just like, they needed, here's what, here's what I figured out.
  They needed who they thought had the best upper body strength in the arena.
  And that's how little choice they had.
  Cause I looked at everybody picked and it was all like people, like men.
  And I'm not being sexist.
  What did you have to do?  Well, that's what I'm like, I'm like, yes.
  And it's about the show was going on and I'm like, great.
  They're going to, cause they, at this point they had brought like groups of kids and people  on stage.
  They do bits with them.
  There's the whole segments of the show with audience participation.
  I go, great.
  I'm going to get on the ship and this is, I'm going to, this is going to be great.
  So they bring me outside with a bunch of other dudes and I go, Oh, it's like all dudes.
  And I'm like trying to figure out what the idea is here.
  Cause there was no like younger people than everyone's probably like 18 and older.
  They make me put on a little vest and a little hat.
  And they go, when we give you the signal, we just want you to pull the rope and a flag  will go up.
  And I was like, Oh, okay.
  And I was like, there was a real, like the wind, the wind left my sails.
  So we walked down and I don't remember what the plot point in the story was, but they  go now, and then three dudes and I just pull on a big rope and a flag goes up and then  like the waiter hooks it to something and they go, all right, thanks.
  That was it.
  And I was like, Oh man.
  You did a formal thing that they needed.
  So yeah, they were just, there's probably an old pirates book that's just like any man  over 18 will be the one who go, you collected all the over 18 men and get them to hoist  the flags.
  And it was a real let down.
  I didn't get to like sass the pirate or anything.
  I didn't get to have any fun like that.
  It was just labor.
  Can I just do this?  Like I don't want each of these to be a full individual conversation.
  I just want to run through my bullet points.
  Do you have the pop culture references written down?  Not necessarily.
  Okay.
  Let me just skim through like just notes that I took.
  I wrote down in all caps, the tales are true.
  That must get said at some point.
  Ranch dressing ravioli covered that.
  Uh, I wrote down the phrase shrimp and coffee because that's what I was mainlining.
  I was alternating shrimp and coffee and wine.
  Uh, uh, perhaps almost as disgusting as your Liberty Tavern.
  I wish they had had, uh, that's a complaint about the food I had.
  I wish there was some real creamer.
  They just found a creamer available.
  You asked for that and they pour in more of that balsamic.
  I guess I could have asked because they must have had glasses of milk.
  Shit.
  I should have just said, can I have a glass of milk for a coffee?  Drinking milk and then like raising it like a toast.
  Oh boy.
  Let me see, I wrote down the phrase, the line, I won't let anything happen to you or your  gypsy friend.
  Um, I wrote down the line, uh, the, there's something about like the, oh, uh, we're, we're  really going to summon the terrible beast.
  Oh, you mean my mother-in-law?  Oh yeah.
  That brought the house down.
  That joke.
  Yeah.
  The audience loved that.
  It's a thing I remember from driving school that the guy, the guy, the hosting driving  school was doing a lot of mother-in-law material.
  Uh, uh, wait, wait.
  In my driving school.
  Your actual driver's ed.
  They're doing that to 15 and 16 year olds who do not have mother-in-laws.
  No.
  Yeah.
  They kind of ate shit.
  That's a good point.
  Yeah.
  You had to be aware.
  Yeah.
  My mother, my knowledge of mother-in-laws is passed down from my mom.
  Like it's on, like I have to, it's secondhand information that mother-in-laws are bad.
  The mother-in-law you would most likely know would have been your, one of your grandmas.
  Who I am forced to love.
  Yeah.
  So I'm not going to, yeah.
  Why am I, why am I the ideal audience for a mother-in-law skewering material?  Um, I wrote down the word dick play.
  Many of the jokes involved people's dicks being in danger.
  Yes.
  The gun being pointed at, yes, yeah, yeah.
  The gun being pointed at the head and like, oh no, the gun going down slightly and like,  oh no, it'd be a much bigger problem.
  Yeah.
  There was a comedic relief pirate.
  There was a goofy first mate who was stripped of his title but then not executed because  he was the only pirate who knew how to make rum.
  Yeah, right.
  Uh huh.
  That's my main stuff.
  I also read, at some point it was announced Andre Batiste and the Orange Crew, who I assume  is related to John Batiste and Stacey.
  I believe I leaned over to you and said, he is the Steuacle various fan theater.
  Thank you for that.
  Oh, laude.
  That's what he does.
  Just turn John Batiste's mic off.
  That's all I want.
  I'm airing all my late night grievances on this.
  I just started keeping a list of what pop culture references there were and there was  less than I thought there would be, but they were kind of all over the map.
  They referenced the Lion King at some point.
  I think they did the like, ah, the opening.
  There was a Lady Marmalade sequence, right?  There was a Frozen joke.
  Yep.
  Like, was it like.
.
.
  Do you want to see a Snoom?  Yeah, or something about Let It Go.
  Maybe like, yeah, this song is still better than Let It Go.
  Oh, so it's the new.
.
.
 that's taken over as it's from It's a Small World as the go-to  annoying song.
  I think that's right.
  There were parents who had to listen to it over and over.
  There was a bit where they were teaching a kid how to be a pirate and they were like,  ah, you're good at thieving.
  You'll make a great pirate.
  Or a politician.
  And all the adults laughed at that one.
  And then there was definitely, I don't remember the context, but there was definitely a Dilly  Dilly joke.
  What's Dilly Dilly?  Oh, it's this Bud Light campaign.
  There are ads that are on the air right now with a king and his knights and people bringing  him Bud Light and he goes Dilly Dilly.
  You guys not know what this is.
  I don't know what you're talking about.
  It's a huge hit.
  Really?  It's like the newest Bud-Riser bug.
  You're more up on current things though than we are.
  Yeah.
  I think you are.
  Did you audition for that commercial?  No, I'm not.
  Were you watching it bitterly?  I would kill to be in Dilly Dilly, but I've got a conflict right now.
  Yeah, you're chasing in the Chris Pratt.
.
.
  I stand for the fine Michelob Ultra brand.
  We're covered in the beer area.
  Yeah, until they release me.
  But is non-alcoholic beer a conflict with beer?  What?  Michelob Ultra is alcohol.
  Oh, I'm confused.
  I was thinking it was the other one.
  It's just a different light beer.
  Oh, it is not O'Doul's.
  Does it have a great relaxing taste?  Yeah, and it's got low calories.
  It's the fit beer.
  There's a lot of complimentary ads of people exercising and then later on enjoying a Michelob  Ultra.
  60 calories.
  So taken from the PA himself, from the Chris Pratt ad.
  I have two other things.
  There's a shots shots shots reference, the song, and then there's a reference to some  internet dance that only Jason knew.
  There was some dance going on.
  Oh God, what was it?  And I don't know what it was.
  The Dougie.
  The audience went nuts.
  It wasn't the Harlem Shake.
  The audience went nuts for it.
  And I was just like, I don't know what this is.
  Watch that Soulja Boy?  What dance are we talking about?  We'll figure it out.
  It's along those lines.
  I forget.
  But people loved it.
  I wrote down, he thinks he's Magic Mike.
  He's a magic moron.
  Right, because someone does a break dance.
  That one.
  Sexy break dance at some point.
  I found, I was looking at YouTube and I found a clip of the show and I don't know what version  of the show this was from, but I was, here, I'll just read it before I comment on it.
  The pirate is talking to a kid and the pirate goes, do you have a gun or a knife or a weapon  on you of any kind?  And the little girl goes, no.
  And then he goes, oh no, so you're not from LA then?  That was in our show too.
  Was it in our show?  That's a weird joke.
  Orange County, LA jab.
  That's a weird joke, right?  Especially because there's like KKK in Orange County.
  Why are we slagging on LA?  Orange County is the KKK capital of the West Coast.
  So I was like, oh, that's a, what an odd slag.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, there's, that was in our show.
  I forgot about that in our show.
  I feel like it was in our show too.
  That's probably got to come out.
  How dare you.
  That's got to come out, right?  That's got to.
  There was some generic joke like that or the politician thing is just like broad enough  that it really hits.
  There was an actual, like, I thought this was, this was a decent gag where like a pirate  turns around and does like hits, runs face first into a pole and like does a pratfall  and one of them yells, why did we put that there?  And I was like, oh, that's fun.
  Like I've seen that in a lot of things and I do laugh at it when it's like, oh, why did  I leave that there?  You know, sure.
  That's a solid joke.
  The fighting, I'll say this about the fighting.
  The fighting was okay.
  And I probably am biased though because I am a big fan of professional wrestling and  I love a new Japan wrestling and it's strong style and they, they hit a little, they're,  they're kind of snug with the hits.
  So I will say if some of these guys could maybe go and do a couple, a couple sessions  at a local pro wrestling school, I just want them to, you know, snug it up.
  Let's, let's get the hits.
  Let's get the fists a little closer to the head guys.
  Let's get the clotheslines.
  Let's really make it sword, sword and staff fight.
  That was, that was good.
  Yes.
  Much easier to fake.
  I feel.
  Yes.
  I think you're probably right about that.
  And I think these guys all end up having to be jacks of all trades.
  Oh yeah.
  And, but which I'm, I am impressed by the like that, that they're doing acrobatics.
  They're doing fight, they're doing sword fighting.
  Some of them had to sing.
  They're talking to the audience.
  Yes.
  Singing too.
  There's such a wide gamut of, uh, tests that all these performers have to do.
  And I think these are talented people.
  Oh yeah.
  There's a boat race at, there's a rowboat race at some point.
  Oh that was fun.
  They have to be pirates, but then they also have to be friendly to kids.
  Like.
  Yeah.
  Take photos after.
  Take photos.
  Yeah.
  They probably like bust the tables too.
  I think there's a, there, I imagine if you're an Orange County performer, this is probably  a dream.
  A good gig.
  Uh, and one that leaves you some room to improvise and have fun with it.
  And I hope they all, I hope it's a fun situation there at Pirates of the Caribbean.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I'm, look, I'm being a bit facetious when I want them to like really hit them,  hit each other during the fight.
  Um, yeah, this is, I mean, what I'm saying is I think that they are stretched so thin  by the number of categories that they have to fall.
  They're in great shape.
  Our pirate was in great, oh my God.
  Shout out to Jose.
  I don't know his real name, but whoever Jose, whoever's the Wednesday Jose.
  And the aerial work, like the, the, uh, trapeze style, the aerial work was, I didn't know  we were getting that.
  That was very cool.
  And like just, it is a little out of nowhere, uh, in the show story wise, but it's like,  wow, this is kind of cool.
  And like cool that they're like, man, people like to search us a lay stuff.
  We should incorporate some of this into the show.
  Yeah.
  It's a lot.
  I'll say it's a lot of show.
  It's a ton of show.
  It's a lot of show.
  It doesn't feel like a, like a rip off for the price that you get.
  We can, we have our palms about the food, but ultimately like food.
  Yeah, it is a lot of food.
  Much of it is fine.
  So we got out, uh, uh, because of the nice booking, we got two pieces of cake.
  Everyone in the building got Trace Laje's cake, but the extra birthday treat.
  We got chocolate cake too.
  And I was just like, oh, two cakes.
  This is the best night of my life.
  The way I robbed you of more cake, I'm as evil as that captain Sebastian the Black.
  I absconded with it, uh, in me hybrid car.
  Uh, look, that reminds me, I would have been eating that cake for breakfast the next day.
  You'll seek revenge.
  You better watch out.
  When you least expect it, there be.
.
.
  Do not, I'll say this, do not leave a pie cooling on a windowsill anytime soon because  he will float up and take it.
  No, and I will leave, like I will carve, uh, uh, some symbol.
  I will carve like two lines and a half circle to let other wandering hobos know that there  may be a pie cooling on this.
  They cool the pies on the windowsill here.
  Uh, Jason Sheridan's hobo code.
  You guys together as kind of a Yogi and Boo Boo vibe, I feel.
  The pursuit of treats.
  Um, we've talked about doing a show as Yogi and Boo Boo and Yogi and Peter Bogdanovich.
  Yeah, we used to do a bit.
  We never did it in shows, just around Friends.
  Probably just, and I'm sure it was incredibly annoying to watch.
  And I don't even think it's that good of a bit, but we did it.
  No, it's not.
  Where Mike would do a Yogi Bear impression and I would do a Peter Bogdanovich impression.
  Just talking about hanging out with Robert Evans and filming Paper Moon.
  Bizarre.
  Being married to the Civil Shepherd.
  We're not gonna do it.
  That bit wouldn't play with the dinner theater crowd.
  That one's going over the heads of the people who like the Magic Mike joke.
  That's for Audience of One.
  Ryan Perez.
  Fast cast from Ryan Perez.
  Shout out to Ryan, Buena Park.
  Hello Ryan Perez.
  Wow, special message from Ryan.
  I can do booboo and Yogi.
  I liked it.
  Good impression, good voice.
  So a lot of impressions of our friends today.
  I want to say one more thing, which is that there is, as I said, there's a show in Orlando,  which is not currently open.
  And there's also a pirate show in my beloved, it's somewhere we're gonna have to go to Myrtle  Beach, South Carolina.
  Well, Audience, we're taking you there soon for quite a journey.
  We're gonna have to buy a drone and three pairs of wrap-around sunglasses so we can  explore the Hard Rock, the abandoned Hard Rock Park.
  Oh yes indeed.
  Three backpacks.
  Oh my god, I can't believe we're here.
  We're in a closed, abandoned Hard Rock Park.
  Unbelievable.
  It's like Free Stone music.
  So there's another dinner theater that's very similar, called Pirate's Voyage.
  It is a Dolly Parton company.
  It's part of the Dolly Parton family of themed entertainment.
  Opened in 2010.
  Which was first, but there's a competitive pirate show.
  It was, similarly, it was also a Western show before.
  It was called Dixie Stampede.
  And I watched a video where a man who works there, the general manager or something, describes  the switch from Dixie Stampede to Pirate's Voyage and clearly is not happy that the switch  occurred but understands that the march of progress must plow forward.
  And this show, I mean, it seems very similar.
  There's a big lagoon, maybe a bigger theater.
  It seems otherwise similar.
  Ends with two exploding rum barrels, which sounds like a lot of fun.
  But I'd also like to say, and we have actually missed this, that this is true of the Buena  Park show as well, that if you go during the holiday times, that there is a Christmas-centric  version of the show in which the pirates kidnap Santa.
  And I think in this case, you're not rooting for any of the pirates.
  I think you are pro-Santa escaping.
  Which I can only assume and wish and pray that he does.
  But there's also a Santa show, a Christmas show at the Myrtle Beach one.
  And this is, we'll post the promo of this, but this is the most like mashing up Christmas  shit I've ever seen.
  I really want to see the Christmas show there because a narrator in the show at some point  or in the ad at some point says, travel through time with Captain Scrooge.
  Whoa, what?  Yeah.
  Whoa, Captain Scrooge.
  And at that point they cut to like sort of a man on a mast.
  He looks like a statue or a ghost who's attached to the mast of the ship.
  Wow.
  So I want to know the story with Captain Scrooge very much.
  But then also.
.
.
  Or if they're going to die, they should do it and decrease the surplus population.
  Wow.
  We gotta see that.
  But then also, like five seconds after Captain Scrooge, you cut to a nativity scene.
  And they say, and celebrate the real meaning of Christmas.
  This is at the Way to Park one.
  No, no.
  Sorry, this is at the Myrtle Beach one, the Dolly one.
  Okay, yeah.
  Yeah, they gotta acknowledge the religious end of Christmas, the true meaning of Christmas.
  But then also, by the time that sentence is over, you're looking at the nativity, you're  looking at Mary Ray's the baby Jesus, the real meaning of, cut to, at the word Christmas,  cut away from Virgin Mary to a sea lion catching a wreath on its neck.
  Whoa.
  Hell yes.
  So that being the end of the sentence, the emphasis seems to be that the real meaning  of Christmas is sea lion tricks.
  You know, until the sea lion stuff, this reminded me, have I talked about the Sight and Sound  Theater before in Pennsylvania?  No.
  This is a very elaborate theater that does pretty much exclusively Christian-themed productions.
  Love it.
  And are famous for using live animals.
  So every year at Christmas time, they got the full nativity going.
  They got camels in there, they got donkeys in there, they got everything else in there.
  When I was passing through the area where it's located recently, they're like, and check  out our spring show.
  And it was just either a cross or a crown of thorns.
  It was a very dramatic looking postcard and it just said, like, Jesus of Nazareth.
  Wow.
  Yeah, you're acting like this is new for this year.
  New for spring 2018.
  What if we did a show about Jesus?  We got a Jesus one.
  Like, yeah, they're all Jesus ones.
  We, by the way, this was suggested on Twitter.
  I was gonna propose it to you guys.
  A show all about religious experiences.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Great.
  I think that's a fun one.
  We'll get to that at some point in time.
  But we should start heading out of port here.
  Any further thoughts, final thoughts about?  Oh, I'm sorry, we should mention Vampirates.
  This is a Halloween show.
  Oh, I want to see that too.
  Yeah, which seems to be the same show, but they all have, like, white makeup on their  faces.
  Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, look.
  It was your birthday.
  Did you have a good time?  Yeah, I had a very good time.
  I was just, if we're being, you know, critics or whatever, I would be in, like, maybe a  script doctor just to punch it up a little, you know, a Babalu, a Vandalto script doctor,  bring this.
  Just a little, there's a couple things maybe to make it simplify or whatever, but other  than that.
  A little bit clearer of a story.
  Yeah.
  Although Jason followed, you got to be high to follow the story.
  Yeah, you got to be toke it up, I guess.
  Some things I can focus on really well, but not people ziplining right above my head.
  Every now and then I let stuff slide.
  I got to plus it up for this one.
  There was no bread service.
  I wanted some cornbread or a biscuit.
  I wanted a little bread.
  I see what you're saying.
  They had, I think they have bread at medieval times and it was good.
  I think Pirates Voyage, you're getting like barbecue, and anachronistically you're getting  like corn on the cob and like short ribs there be.
  That's a good question.
  Like pirate, how do you, like what is pirate food?  I think the Blue Bayou restaurant at Disneyland has this issue that what is, does it mean  Spanish food?  Like what do you call pirate food?  Well, they're really like, I mean, Disney is really, that New Orleans Square, like the  New Orleans food, Cajun food and Cajun, I guess.
  And chalking on like, well, if you leave the port, if you leave, go into the Gulf and then  go into the Bahamas, that's where there's pirates.
  Right?  Like that's the logic of it.
  I think so.
  Where were pirates actually?  Kind of all over the place.
  All over.
  Yeah.
  Sailing the seven seas, I believe.
  Somalia.
  Sure.
  There should be a newer Somali pirate version of this.
  I am the captain now into the, I bet when that was more of a catchphrase, I'm at one  of these dinner theaters or they had missed a big opportunity if nobody said, I'm the  captain now.
  I am pretty sure this is a whole episode, another episode, but the Disney's California  Adventure Aladdin show, Genie, who does a lot of topical references, absolutely, when  we saw it once said, I'm the captain now after that came out.
  So if Genie was using it, it was 10 minutes away at the pirate show, they must've been  using it.
  And it's still, it's so funny that that is a scary movie about a harrowing situation.
  And I do think like I saw Barkhat Abdi and Conan talking about like, everybody loves  the phrase.
  Everybody's saying it at your, oh yes, everywhere I go, I'm the captain now.
  The captain of a plane brought him into the cockpit so he could tell him that, hey, I  am the captain now.
  That's great.
  It is a joyous phrase, even though the real life situation was.
  Horrifying.
  Terrible.
  I think you got to see the real Captain Phillips if pirates captured Captain Phillips and Sully  and they had to get out.
  That's a great, yeah.
  That's my plus up.
  There you go.
  Real world characters to face the pirates.
  Did you want to talk maybe other types of adventures?  Oh, that's a good point.
  Yeah.
  I was, I was sort of like scheming, like if you could come, if you came up with a dinner  theater experience yourself, just because my brain started wandering to, I was between  two titles, whether it's law and dinner or dinner in the court, but there being a trial  situation.
  And obviously now it would start with kind of, maybe you would, maybe it would be like  a law and order episode where you're watching a crime get investigated and that's the pre-show.
  And then in the second half you go into the giant courtroom theater and obviously you  would, it wouldn't just be opening arguments and whatever and the trial occur.
  You would have to represent that metaphorically through trampolines and jumps and sword fighting  and dick play.
  It would be like representing through stunts what lawyers do, how they do combat in the  courtroom.
  And then, and then all of us together, we all make the decision at the end and we're  at what they call us the hungry jury.
  Oh, that's good.
  I've got a pitch for the cold open part.
  In the pre-show someone is stacking crates and then someone else is like opening the  crates up and they're pulling out trays of apps and then they're going around with, you  know, your mozzarella sticks, your hot wings.
  And then like that's, that's obviously like towards the end of it, they're like, all right,  we're almost done stacking these crates and that's when they find the body.
  Uh oh.
  Everybody good wandering apps?  Everybody got their wandering apps?  Great.
  So yeah, go ahead.
  I was just going to say, I don't know why there hasn't been like a Cirque show about  a famous trial yet.
  Representing the, yeah, the Scopes Monkey trial or?  Yeah, oh, classic trial.
  I was going to say the Simpson trial, OJ Simpson trial, but.
  Hey, well there, yeah, there's theme park possibilities.
  Yeah.
  Eight people versus OJ Simpson.
  Cirque de Soleil show.
  Hey look, Ryan Murphy's going to be doing that for the money if Olivia Haviland takes  him for all his work.
  If you guys had invented dinner theater.
  I don't have anything that well thought out, but the first thing I thought is a mole people  dinner theater.
  Uh, you know, yeah, mole people.
  Cause like you're thinking, I was like trying to think of like, okay, there's Knights, there's  pirates, what is an unrepresented like fun group of people that we don't see that may  be a little mythological or, uh, and I thought mole people.
  And I think it's gotta be like, you're just, it's gotta be the same kind of medieval times  set up of like, who's going to be the king or queen of the mole people.
  In my pitch also, there's an equal number of men and women because all these shows are  always always just men.
  It's mostly men.
  Let's get some mole women, not just mole men.
  Wait, you're putting mole people on the same level as Knights and pirates?  I'm saying they're, they could become as high up.
  You're trying to elevate the mole people.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Like what, like what Bright did for Orcs.
  That's right.
  To popularize mole people as more of a genre and not like a really specific category.
  Yes.
  Um, what do they look like?  How do you describe mole person?  Uh, well there's different varieties of mole people.
  Uh, they just sort of, they have like, like kind of beady eyes cause there's not a lot  of sun or very little sun.
  Um, there's, I mean, sometimes they look like naked mole rats, like kind of shriveled up.
  Yeah.
  I mean they're like versions kind of like the Morlocks in that one movie, the book that  I can't think of.
  The Time Machine.
  The Time Machine, thank you.
  And they probably, to eat, they probably like, uh, subsist on shrimp skewers and all you  can eat chicken.
  Yeah, yeah, chicken and a super salad.
  And if you want to pay extra, there's a chocolate cake that the mole people love.
  Mole people are pretty.
  That's generic enough.
  That's public domain enough.
  You can take it in a lot of directions.
  So that's a plus.
  Um, the fame, it was the most famous mole man, the mole man from Fantastic Four.
  Is that what I'm or Hans mole man, I guess.
  Hans mole man, we're the Fantastic Four villain.
  Uh, I'll say this just cause I think it's like a valuable time cause I was trying to  think of like what's an Avengers one kind of food coming up.
  But then that, that feels a little too, too, you know, forcing it.
  But then I thought like what's a new attraction coming soon that could tie in and that has  a restaurant like restaurants around it and Universal in Orlando is opening that fast  and the furious ride soon.
  And uh, if I could sit at the table with the Toretto family, if I could eat a family meal  with me, familia, family, respect, like when they're eaten on the roof in the last one  and he's toasting and he's holding his baby and I, if I could sit at the table like with  Mr Nobody or whatever Kurt Russell's weird name it, if there's like people as the family,  oh man, that would be, and then at the end you all get the necklaces that I only just  realizes are our crosses, but they look like a wrenches.
  The wrenches made to look like, Oh wow.
  Crosses I think are the net that cross necklaces he gives to all his members.
  This is a, there's no group of characters in pop culture who value food more perhaps  other than the Avengers, Avengers and their shawarma.
  But besides that, yeah, I think that that is a perfect time.
  There's always a meal.
  They're always having a barbecue and sitting around drinking beer and it looks like, I  think this is, can you imagine this is a premium show for one person.
  You have to pay like a thousand dollars and you're the only person there other than the  family, the performers playing the family.
  Well how about there's a bigger fast and furious show, but beforehand you can eat it like the  chef's table with the, with the group.
  That's good too.
  That sounds good.
  Kind of like a Benihana thing, but the guy playing Vin Diesel.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's good.
  Super salad.
  What do you like Dom?  Chocolate cake.
  Now I'll start with that.
  The dressing on the salad's a little much.
  Well, have we, is it time to leave port?  I think it is.
  Let's head into the, yeah.
  Hey, let's raise a toast to everyone involved at Pirate's Dinner Adventure.
  And hey, if you're going to the Liberty Tavern, make sure you got plenty of time.
  Oh my God, three hours.
  You need at least three hours.
  I need time for just eating your hotel.
  My God.
  I wanted to cram one last thing in.
  I tried.
  And if you're going on the dinosaur ride, be aware that there is a photo opportunity.
  Yeah, and don't be a coward.
  Don't be a lousy coward.
  Ride or die, remember?  All right.
  Hey, you've survived Podcast The Ride.
  Thanks for listening.
  We'll see you soon.
  Yeah, follow us and do all the things.
  Follow us at Podcast The Ride.
  We haven't forgotten about the Jason for Mayor campaign.
  No.
  Keep the word out.
  Hashtag Jason for DLR.
  We'll think of some way to keep that going soon.
  And thank you for that art we got.
  Gee whiz.
  Oh, no kidding.
  It's over the moon.
  Fantastic.
  Over the moon.
  Yeah, boy.
  Yeah.
  Above and beyond.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Thanks for contributing to the campaign.
  We'll see you next time.
  Bye.
