 Warning, today's episode may include mild lust over an anthropomorphized Hershey's kiss,  pregnancy-threatening chocolate spa treatments, and talking toilets begging for a meal.
 If you're  a Twizzler or higher, you may join special guest Evan Susser for a trip to Hershey Park on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three men who are very used to a gym teacher yelling,  come on, hustle at them.
 My name is Mike Carlson and I'm joined as always by Scott Gairdner.
  That's right.
 And Jason Sheridan.
 A familiar refrain if I've ever heard one.
 Yeah, I think we all have  nightmares about that.
 And today we have a very special guest.
 He's a screenwriter of the movie  Fist Fight and he's the rabble-rousing commissioner on the podcast Doughboys.
 Ladies and gentlemen,  it's Evan Susser.
 Guys, great to be here and no rabble-rousing here.
 It's a different kind of podcast here.
  I'm just here to have fun and talk about amusement.
 Thank you.
 You didn't insert yourself.
 You're here politely.
  I did Imbarge In.
 You didn't play walk-in music? I didn't play walk-out music.
 I can add that in post.
  No.
 The Vince McMahon music.
 No, no, no.
 No walk-in music.
 We're doing great guys.
 I do actually even have a gift.
  Whoa, what? This is a first.
 Very on theme.
 I've got a bunch of Hershey's milk chocolate bars and I  thought that very fittingly, you know, David Letterman, a broadcaster if ever there was one.
  To this day.
 Do you know what I'm going to say? Before he would do his shows, he would have, I think it  changed throughout the years.
 I think it used to be multiple, but he would just scarf down some  Hershey's bars to get like the adrenaline going.
 So if anybody wants to eat some of a Hershey  bar to kind of get their adrenaline going.
 And I thought I would bring that element of Doughboys,  the chewing on microphone.
 Yes, please.
 That is, thank you.
 First of all, thank you very much.
  Today we're talking Hershey Park.
 I will say there's a good chance Jason's already eaten a  couple of these before we started.
 Entirely possible.
 You know, my usual routine on a film or TV set is to  drink a few coffees and eat peanut M&Ms for hours before doing anything.
 You spend a lot of time  just sitting around on those sets and so may as well make the most of them.
 Do I have to eat it  fast? Is that the Letterman way? I think the Letterman way is like right before, and I should  have looked up this story.
 And so there'll be more complaints about the research on this podcast.
  But I think he would originally, I think he would shove a bunch of his mouth right before he would  run on stage.
 Then I think in the later years it became snacking on them and pineapple slices,  kind of in the green room before.
 But you know, I thought that, you know, there's something if  Letterman does it.
 If David Letterman does it, the king of late night.
 I also thought that, you know,  when we're going to be talking about Hershey and we'll be talking about the amusement park element  of it, you know, maybe it'll be easy to forget about the candy itself.
 And I do not want to  forget about the candy.
 Well, you're at Hershey Park, which I went to God knows how many times  growing up, they do not let you forget about the candy and you are given a taste and then offered  the option to buy giant versions of the candy.
 Uh-huh.
 And you're offered the opportunity to  meet giant versions of the candy.
 They're walking around, they're all your favorite characters.
 Mr.
  Hershey, Reese, Jolly Rancher.
 Oh yeah, yeah.
 I'm a big Jolly Rancher fan.
 We'll get into that.
  Yeah, yeah.
 There's so much to cover.
 I'm very excited about those characters.
 I don't know  where to begin exactly.
 I mean, we can, we can begin with you.
 You grew up, I guess,  I don't, I think I don't know where, but near Hershey Park, presumably.
 Yep.
 I ate a lot of it.
  It is a thick chocolate.
 Everyone wrestling with these wrappers probably sounds horrible.
  Also annoying.
 And you told us not to fumble with the mic cords.
 And so those are getting  fumbled with.
 I grew up in a suburb of Washington, DC, Rockville, Maryland.
 So yeah, Hershey,  Pennsylvania, not too far.
 Uh, well, like three hours.
 So, uh, not very far.
 And we would go on  family trips.
 I think I was talking with my mother, I think we went two times, which is not  a ton, but you know, um, and the first time we stayed at one of my dad's friends from college,  uh, at his apartment building in Hershey.
 And that like felt like a real thing to do.
  Wait, at what age are you? About like five or four when that happened.
 And then I went again  later when I was like 10.
 Okay.
 Um, anything, anything shady about this apartment? No,  I think that, uh, I think that just the idea of, I don't know if we had stayed at too many people's  like places that they lived besides family members.
 Right.
 Um, and also like apartment,  like, you know, I think that just like the whole thing about him, like, oh, this is interesting.
  Like there was just something interesting about the whole situation.
 Was he a single man?  I think he had a wife with no kids.
 That's still weird.
 I think too.
 Having a, yeah.
 When you're a  family, you have a family like your dad, like why don't these people have kids? Exactly.
  Something's weird.
 You can't articulate it.
 You live in a chocolate town.
 Well, that was also  in my memory, Jason or Scott.
 So Jason and Scott, you guys have both been Mike.
 You've not been,  I've never been.
 Okay.
 My memory is that the whole town smells like chocolate that maybe is wrong.
  That's my memory too.
 It's funny.
 I grew up much closer.
 I grew up about an hour and 45 minutes  from Philadelphia.
 My mom, uh, has since moved like outside of Lancaster.
 So even closer or  sorry, I grew up an hour and 45 minutes from Hershey.
 My mom now lives outside of Lancaster,  Pennsylvania.
 Now an hour from Hershey, which has made me realize like, oh, I should go back.
  One of the times that I go to visit, we would go the other direction.
 We would go down to Washington  DC for like long weekend like short trips.
 Uh, so we were going the opposite, but yeah, we went to  Hershey a lot growing up.
 Uh, there's a famous, uh, story within my family where we were going to  Hershey for like a long holiday weekend.
 And, uh, my parents forgot the bag that all my clothes were  in like at like five.
 So we had to go to Kmart and buy me a few outfits for the weekend.
 I was  horrible.
 I was hoping that that was that you bought all the clothes at the Hershey park.
 Yeah.
  So you were wearing like Milk Dud shirts and Reese's pants.
 That would have been more,  more fun.
 Hershey kiss Halloween costume kept wearing at school the next year.
 A peppermint  Patty hat.
 And then I think that both times that we went to, uh, Hershey, my family wrapped in  going to Amish country.
 Uh, so it was like a two in one trip, uh, which is a fun juxtaposition.
  It's a thrilling experience that children hate.
 Does Amish country have anything like any not  rides, but well they have, I guess, pony rides or like horse and buggy, but is there stuff for like  us, uh, technology users to do it? Is there like, do they have stuff set up? I guess is what I'm  saying.
 You can like turn butter.
 Okay.
 It's like worse than colonial Williamsburg if you've ever  been there.
 Never been there.
 All right.
 Um, yeah, it's, uh, there are, um, smorgasbord,  which is like a large buffet of buttered noodles and other unseasoned foods.
 Uh,  is seasoning against, uh, I don't think it's against, but spice is not traditionally associated  with the, a lot of pickling, a lot of German kind of inspired without the internet.
 They haven't  gotten to look up and learn about salt and pepper.
 It's eluded them.
 No one's brought them salt and  pepper yet.
 There's a number of pretzel and potato chip factories in Pennsylvania,  specifically in Amish country, hers and why also, I also went to hers potato chip factory,  which is also, you know, Hershey is also the fact, I mean, you know, we should get into that,  but Hershey is Hershey, Pennsylvania.
 There's the factory element of it too, where they make  the chocolate.
 Right.
 Um, yes, it really is.
 And, and, uh, where the factory, where they make the  chocolate and it looks very much, uh, turn of the century, it looks very 1900s, the big smokestacks  and it feels very factory town.
 And when I went, when I was 12 or so, uh, we stayed at the big,  beautiful hotel Hershey, which I think was built in the thirties.
 Yeah.
 Weren't you fancy? Yeah.
  Dad's college roommate apartment for you.
 No, no preppy Preppington.
  Lobby boy at the hotel.
 Oh, look at these faucets.
 Look at these fixtures, daddy.
  They're candy.
 I have some, I was looking through the hotel and they have a chocolate spa there.
  They sure do.
 From the website, uh, you can, there's yeah, chocolate spa and the specific  stuff they offer.
 There's they have a spa treatment called the chocolate bean polish,  which is sort of suggestive to me somehow.
 And, uh, and they know it on the website,  whipped cocoa bath and chocolate fondue wrap are not recommended for guests who are pregnant.
  Oh, weird.
 Yeah.
 There's the Hershey hotel and the Hershey lodge are both sort of associated with  the parks and the hotel is classy and the lodge is trash.
 The lodge is a water park inside of it  with the Hershey kisses people and stuff.
 How gauche.
 Uh, yeah.
 Uh, sorry, Scott.
 Sorry.
 It's  not off to your, don't bedevil my ears with the tie with this peasant talk.
 You didn't stay there  ever.
 I think we stayed at the hotel once, once or twice, maybe.
 Um, we did a lot of day trips  up to Hershey cause we were so close.
 Uh, we would go around Christmas time cause there's,  there's a park and at right at the entrance of the park, technically a separate entity is Hershey's  chocolate world, which is it's separate, but it's really the crown jewel of the park.
 Like it is the  money part of the most of my information is about yes.
 Yeah.
 And, and, and we would also, I would go  on school field trips to, or like the band and the chorus would go up and do like competitions  up there and you would sing like two songs and then be released onto the park for six or seven  hours.
 Uh, I, I, I spoke to, um, my wife, uh, Jamie was also from, uh, the East coast and she  used to go every summer with her summer camp and she said there were all sorts of like summer camp  shenanigans that they would get into.
 Oh yeah.
 Uh, including they would in the world of chocolate,  I guess the counselors would like flash the camera at the end, like taking the picture,  like the splash mountain thing and they all got in trouble.
 The counselor? Yes.
 Um, and then, uh,  and then I guess the whole competition was trying to get people to give the name tags,  the people who worked at the park, but that was like a pride to be able to have someone  give you their name tag.
 So an employee that you were trying to like coerce them into giving the  name tag to you.
 Right.
 And that was just like a, that was like a lion's head at the end of the day.
  So you're trying to get a low level employee in trouble.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I mean, kids are mean.
  Yeah.
 Um, my shenanigans, I remember specifically going one year with, uh, uh, some friends when we  were in school and none of them liked heights, none of them wanted to ride the roller coasters.
  And I was really pissed because we just like rode the monorail and the bumper cars a bunch.
  And the next year I remember going into the park with them and going, well guys, see ya.
  And just went off on my own so I could ride the comment and eat a big chili dog was not supposed  to be separate from groups.
 It was not supposed to be, you were not supposed to be walking around  the park alone.
 And I like, no, fuck that.
 I'm riding some rides.
 How old were you? Uh,  I would have been like 12.
 Wow.
 I mean, this is, this is a ballsy or move than I would have ever  made.
 I think you were really probably the coolest of the three hosts of the show.
 I don't know that  that's accurate.
 Uh, but maybe now, but when you were young, Oh, okay.
 Uh, we've leveled off to,  on the scale of a one to 10, 10 being the coolest we're all hovering around.
 Yeah.
 1.
5.
 I'll be a  little generous, but it was just, it was just to feed the disease we talk about.
 It was the feed  that like, no, I'm here.
 I want to ride some coasters and I want to go ride Chuck, the  chocolate tour a bunch of chocolate.
 So should we just get into the chocolate? Yeah.
 Let's roll  right into the park.
 Now there was a time until like 1973 where you used to actually tour the  factory.
 There were public tours of the factory.
 My mother told me that she went on one of these  public tours cause she's also, she's from New York.
 Uh, and she said, now when I went, we actually  went on the tour of the actual factory.
 Yeah.
 And I thought that was amazing.
 Anything, uh,  interesting beyond that? Probably probably more boring than what they have now.
 Yeah.
 I think  that, uh, it's like, there's, it wasn't a child like that fell on the chocolate river.
 No, it was  not.
 I think it was just like a factory.
 There was no magic.
 No psychedelic musical numbers.
  Just that's a lot of vats and stirring.
 Um, okay.
 But so they, because the demand was, was so high,  uh, to, uh, tour this magical chocolate factory, probably, especially in the wake of the film,  Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory.
 Isn't that around 1973? Maybe that's why.
 Maybe the movie  blew it out so hard.
 People pounding down the doors, uh, drunk turned into, into blueberries.
  Well, this, this is also like when you grow up in this area, it is a popular activity for families  is tour factory junk food factory, get free, Jerry's a big one and Jerry's because your other  option is tour battlefields.
 Like, well, like I have seen Gettysburg, I've seen Valley forge,  uh, uh, uh, you know, uh, just where the, where the Wright brothers took off.
 You ever been there?  You've been to Kitty Hawk.
 No, that's further.
 Is that North Carolina? I guess that's out of there.
  That's kind of out of the zone.
 All right.
 Uh, I don't know my geography.
 Uh, uh, yeah.
 Further,  further South.
 Uh, so yeah, popular, popular thing that everyone can kind of agree on, you know,  and especially for Hershey's chocolate world, the Hershey's visitor center is free.
 Oh yeah.
 And  still to this day, I think I forgot that now I guess elements within chocolate world cost money,  such as the build your own chocolate bar exhibit, but the main attraction I'm, I'm, I'm really  surprised it's still free.
 And so this, to replace having to have the mechanism in the factory to do  an actual tour.
 Now there is a dark ride that simulates a magical chocolate factory experience.
  So what is it called? Do we, uh, is it just called the world of chocolate? It's I believe  it's just called the, um, chocolate factory tour.
 Hershey's chocolate tour.
 I have a no chocolate  tour, but it's going to take me a second to.
 Well, in the meantime, the main thing that I know about  it and that has echoed in my head since I was 12, I didn't have to look this up on YouTube.
 It is so  deeply in my head is that song.
 Yeah.
 Much more of an earworm, perhaps even than it's a small world.
  The Hershey's chocolate, Hershey's chocolate, Hershey's chocolate world.
 Okay.
 Wait.
 All right.
  You're probably correct.
 I have the lyrics here.
 You guys are getting the old acapella group back  together.
 See, we said the harmony is perfect.
 Wherever you go, no matter how far you're always  near a Hershey bar.
 I know it.
 Hershey's chocolate chocolate.
 Hershey's the great American chocolate  bar.
 Oh, deeply, deeply in my head ever since.
 Just for the listener is, uh, this, that was  actually Scott and Jason singing, not a recording.
 Not a professional.
 We didn't pipe in a, uh,  yeah, but this is amazing.
 This, uh, ride because it is like a dark ride, but then there are also  incorporated, like you go over seeing what seems to be parts of the actual factory because there  are these big vats of chocolate.
 Yeah.
 And I think that this is also with Hershey park, what I kind  of, one of the reasons why I was excited to talk about it is, I think you guys have touched on this.
  Like when you're a little kid and you're like figuring out what's real and not real  amusement parks, throw a wrench in that.
 And then even more so, so I think I was listening,  which when you guys are talking about ET and like, you know, Steven Spielberg telling you,  you have to do this to save ET.
 You believe it's real.
 And then you kind of become to realize,  okay, wait, that's not exactly true.
 But then you go to Hershey park and it's being explained to  you that this is a real factory and it seems like it is real because you're seeing these big vats  and it's very practical, but then there are also singing cows and then you kind of are like, well,  wait, do the cows or the singing cows real too.
 All right.
 I got to talk about the singing cows.
  Singing cows are new, like in the last five years.
 Okay.
 The singing cows, uh, uh,  I, the singing cows are dead to me.
 They, the singing cows are not cannon.
 There's a real  little one named cupcake.
 Fuck you cupcake.
 Uh, my, my version of this ride is I found  there's a really good quality, a ride through from 1991.
 So when digitized like a family VHS tape  of the 91, 1991 ride through, and once again, another case of one of us preferring the older  dryer version of the ride.
 Uh, it's mostly that song.
 And then a man like telling you like, no,  we go through the beans are roasted and chocolate liqueur is extracted.
 Whereas now it is the,  uh, animated there's kind of, uh, uh, 3d holograms of the, uh, of, of Hershey and Reese and kiss.
  Yeah.
 The three primary, the big three, the Hershey park.
  And there's also Alex, your, your I'm fine with Alex.
 Your, your factory employee.
 Oh,  he's the guy, uh, she, she, Oh, and, and, and so, and there's also a lot more like  Vox kind of info graph along the walls.
 I did see that they've added a lot of info graphs.
 Yeah.
  But it used to be, they kept a lot.
 Yeah.
 They kept a lot of the vats.
 They kept a lot of the,  well, the vats are very important.
 The vats are important.
 Um, there's a roasting.
 You go through  like a heat tunnel.
 This is a very vivid memory I have as a kid.
 You're talking about like the  blurring of reality and fiction.
 You go through like, uh, the beans are then roasted and you go  through like a tunnel.
 That's probably all of like five degrees warmer than the rest of the building.
  I was scared to death.
 The ride would break down in this tunnel and I would be cooked alive  because it's, it's, they're blasting hot air at you.
 And I did hear what's like, Oh yeah, someone,  yeah, it's, it's, the ride stopped on us before.
 And I'm like, what if we're going to really sweat  if we break down in that tunnel? And it's like, yeah, it's not, it's a few degrees warmer.
 Like,  it's a trick.
 Yeah.
 I'm going to be roasted and sold.
 Yeah.
 Mini Jason's Jason chose.
  And you had so much chocolate on you.
 It would have like seasoned you, but I will.
  Say like my, my big feeling is like, why are there not more of these kinds of rides everywhere in  the world? That's like when, you know, I went to it as a kid, I was like, Oh, this is great.
  And then I would go to like the hers potato chip factory or the Ben and Jerry's factory.
 I'm like,  well, I can't even do a little, yeah.
 Something like, it doesn't seem that hard.
 Like, and I guess  it's my, and also it's not really animatronics weren't as much of a part of it, but in general,  like all this stuff, I'm like, why is there not more theme park and animatronic and all that kind  of stuff just running around in the world? Like there seems like there's less than there should  be.
 I think it's part of the magic of Chuck E Cheese that in random strip malls that, you know,  that there's animatronics clanking around in there, although increasingly less so.
 But yeah,  I totally agree.
 We're actually very near Mike's apartment where we record this.
 There is the,  there is the, the Burbank mall.
 Do you know that there was, I forget if we've talked about this  really, but there were that the Burbank mall was going to be a thing that Disney built like a  shopping dining district that had the great movie ride in it.
 What? Yeah.
 You blew the levels out.
  Level popping exciting.
 That would be great.
 We need to do a whole episode about it.
 We weren't  able to talk about it on the great movie ride episode.
 Cause our podcast got hijacked.
 Oh no,  that's horrible.
 Yeah, it was a real mess.
 But anyway, but yeah, that, that to me that like,  we would have been able to walk to the great movie ride from here.
 Although it also would have shot  up the property values all around this area so much.
 We wouldn't have been able to remotely  afford to live probably anywhere in the 10 mile radius of this surely beloved ride.
 It's not,  it wouldn't have been replaced by apartments like two years later.
  It would have been a, like a weird hodgepodge to have like there, the great movie ride, and then  essentially downtown Disney meets pleasure Island, like a really weird, there was going to be a  restaurant that was a, it's, it, that looked, it was going to be a ship teetering out over the five  freeway over like a fake ocean and you would go into the ship, but it would not be a seafood  restaurant.
 It would be like a steak restaurant.
 What a, what a theme, huh? Surf, surf, surf.
  Surf and turf.
 When I was a kid, the local mall had like a clock that like, you know, on the hour,  the whole little show of characters would come out, even that kind of stuff.
 Sure.
 There should  be more of a bit of magic.
 A little bit of magic.
 Were you near that? Like, were you near the,  again, my geography's up, but the King of Prussia mall, which is like, I think a more spectacular  than usual mall in Pennsylvania, but I forget what, uh, I went a lot growing up.
 It's actually  two malls next to each other.
 And, uh, uh, is the second largest.
 It's got some weird qualifier.
  It's it's the mall of America is the biggest in America.
 This might be like the second biggest  shopping complex when you take all the both malls into account.
 Okay.
 Whereas they were married at  some point.
 Any magic in there though? Any robots, anything that elevated it? Uh, it did have,  it was one of the malls that had a Warner Brothers store.
 Okay.
 Pretty good.
 The one mall was  literally like as a kid, I was like, Oh, this is the fancy mall.
 Cause it had like Bloomingdale's  and Neiman Marcus.
 And then the other mall was like, that's the one I like.
 It's got the comic  book store and the Walden's books in it.
 Okay.
 Okay, sure.
 Uh, more cash.
 I've taken us off the  rails, which on this podcast is even more inappropriate.
 We don't, we don't, we don't like  our tangents.
 Honestly, we want to discuss our years and facts.
 Yeah.
 I was sitting here steaming  as we were off the rails and now I'll calm it down.
 You know, before we get back on though,  can I check in about how the, how the candy's affecting everybody? Everybody, anybody getting  that sugar high? I'm getting a little riled.
 I was already a little logie cause I had a big  buttermilk donut right before coming here.
 So logie more of your cool slang words from where  Oh, Holly's donuts in beautiful studio city, California, corner of Moore park and to hunger.
  Great donuts.
 Wonderful.
 Oh no.
 He's giving it a plug.
 How many forks? Uh, four forks for Holly.
  All right.
 Four forks.
 Did the buttermilk donut go along with your morning glass of buttermilk?  Uh, no, I need to have that right before I wake up or I just go to pieces.
 All right, good.
  A little warmed up five degrees like the chocolate tunnel.
 Um, yeah.
 What else about this,  about this ride? You're right that the original, the nineties version seems a much drier and more  like more Epcot-y.
 The music is more like Mu-zack-y.
 I think the music is kind of,  as is characteristic of 2010s music, the current music is just sort of nothing.
 It is no genre.
 You  know what I mean? Like music and commercials I think was much more dynamic in the seventies,  eighties, nineties.
 Now I, what is it? Do we, do you, do they, they still play the song?  They play a little of the song and it's, yeah, they've scaled back.
 I mean, the,  a lot of the vats are still there.
 I remember there's like a big tray of like endless Hershey  kisses at one point.
 There's like a conveyor belt of those.
 Um, the roasting tunnel, but yeah,  there's a lot more screens, like a lot of rides.
 There's a screen on the ride.
 Uh, yeah.
 And, and,  uh, yeah, a lot more projections stuff at the end.
 It is kind of a confusing montage of just like  people eating chocolate and being at the factory.
 Like, like pictures are flying by you in a video  tunnel.
 It's sort of, they, they, I think if I remember correctly in the ride through, they say  goodbye.
 And then you go through that, you just look at photos for a minute and a half.
  Yeah.
 You shouldn't say bye in the ride.
 And then it continues for that long.
  Yeah.
 There's also like a weird line.
 I can't find where I put this now.
 There, there's a weird line  in it.
 Like where they go like, all right, friends, let's go share some of that goodness.
  Like the talking of Hershey bar says that at the very end and, uh, it's unnerving.
 Hey friends,  keep buying.
 Would you? So, uh, what else about this ride? Yeah.
 I mean, both versions very much  products of their time.
 Apparently in 1982, they had a version and I found a clip of this online,  just of the parts that he's in.
 They tried to put in a bumbling robot, like an annoying bumbling  robot and everyone hated it.
 So they switched it back and it's just a robot who was like,  Oh, is that chocolate? I want more chocolate.
 And what it was not chocolate.
 Are you like,  could wandered into like a bathroom or something? No, I think he literally poochy style at the end,  wanders back home planet with chocolate.
 And they're like, Oh, he was actually an alien.
  Like it looks like it sucked.
 So he's the Jar Jar of the Hershey's chocolate world franchise.
  Um, Susser, do you remember when you exit this ride, what happens, but you get the Hershey.
  Yeah.
 You got a little free Hershey.
 You got a little fun size.
 Of course.
 I remember that  no matter how many times you ride it in a row, you get that.
 Yeah.
 How, what do you do? How  many times would you ride it to get it? I think I probably read it like two or three times in a row.
  Well, also, um, like you guys, I do not like the roller coasters.
 Oh, I didn't know that.
 So, uh,  you know, it's one of, uh, it was one of the attractions to really do, uh, cause it was nice  and easy, low speeds, free chocolate at the end.
 And then it also like any, you know, good, uh,  theme park ride.
 It lets out into a gift shop, right? Into a gift shop where they're selling,  uh, candy as you'd imagine.
 And this is though of a different era where certain things are just not  available everywhere.
 So the giant King size Hershey bars, which now you could probably get  at a lot of candy stores or online, certainly.
 But as a kid, this was the only place to,  right.
 You know, where you could buy a huge giant Hershey bar.
 Um, and even some varieties,  like that was the first time I saw the cookies and cream, uh, Hershey bar, which I love.
  That would be my thought.
 That was great.
 Like that moment was a little bit of that Willy Wonka  feeling.
 It really was.
 Well, cause when you see like a two foot by three foot KitKat package,  you're like, Oh, I should get that.
 It's just going to fucking start to congeal.
  Like there are million problems.
 Also the unsatisfying thing you open it up and it's like,  Oh, it's just a bunch of little ones.
 It's just one package.
 It's a real trick.
 I mean,  they still have that.
 I mean, there's all these different things that are giant, supposedly candy  bars are like giant packages and nerds.
 And it's just like, they're nerds.
 Aren't giant.
  No, they're just regular.
 Yeah.
 And there's, and there's multiple packages inside.
 So it's  just a trick.
 But this is part of the fun of being a kid where your parents won't let you get that  because either it's just the thing.
 It's just a waste of money or they know it's like a scam.
  But then the idea of it is like the not having it is almost better than being able to have it.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
 Imagine I get my life if I had that huge Hershey.
 One of the times I went to Hershey  park was it was during operation desert storm and the free candy bar they were giving out  was called desert bar and it was kind of chocolate manufactured to withstand here.
 I have it here  withstand heat in excess of 140 degrees Fahrenheit.
 So it's essentially a ration.
  It's essentially military surplus ration.
 The operation desert store apparently ended before  they could ship most of them.
 So they wrapped it in camouflage wrapping and sold them very briefly  as desert bars.
 What a name for a food.
 Do you remember liking or not liking? I do remember like,  I didn't remember like noticing a difference.
 I thought like, wow, so this won't melt.
 That's  crazy.
 But you asked to be enlisted as soon as you need it.
 Yeah.
 I signed up in 1990.
 I signed up  as a child.
 Six year old mom.
 I want to serve.
 You know, that's a little, this is a little bit  jumping around in the order of things, but I it's, it's related to the, what is the order?  Well, it's not exactly chronologically through the park.
 Well, clearly we're covering chocolate  world first.
 And what I'm about to say is more centered around the stadium.
 But I think, but it's  topic wise related to you know, odd you know, evacuations and emergencies that the I read a  in like a, like a Hershey history book, part of which was online, that there was a kind of a drop  in tourism in the, or in the early eighties.
 And actually I was just talking to John Daly,  who was here talking about Kennywood and he recalls being at Hershey park at that time  and thinking, Oh, this is like a worst Kennywood.
 This is like Kennywood.
 They don't keep up.
 Oh  yeah.
 Which feels like I think that might've been the era he was there because it seems like it's  okay now.
 But in the early eighties, I think they were struggling because they had a giant tourism  drop in the wake of three mile Island.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Only I don't think I, yeah.
 I don't think  I knew where three mile Island was and it is half an hour away from Hershey, Pennsylvania.
  And tourists were like people passing through commuters were discouraged from going through  Lancaster County if they didn't have to.
 So Hershey took a big dive and in the immediate  candy took a dive for, Oh, if people were worried that it was, there was radiation,  any bar you bought at the old end, finally you're getting your Willy Wonka stuff.
 Like  this could turn you into, it could turn you into a giant chocolate Jason.
 Yeah.
  Was three mile Island the inspiration for making the candy bars giant?  Or maybe that maybe they just ended up giant.
 And I was going to say, John also told me he did get a  giant chocolate bar around that time.
 It was not a scam and it was good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And they kept  it around for a couple of years and slowly ate and it stayed a couple of years.
 Yeah.
 He's like,  he said like two years later, he and his brothers are still trying to gnaw at it and it's turning  white, but they don't want to like admit defeat.
 Was it the cookies and cream one? No, no, no,  regular.
 Yeah.
 It is.
 Then it would have had it.
 And it wasn't a transforming bar either.
  It was a regular chocolate bar.
 Yeah.
 Hmm.
 Maybe, maybe a little bit of nuclear fallout.
 It's the,  it's like the Godzilla effect.
 Three mile Island fact, one of my college roommates grew up close  to three mile Island and he learned either right at the end of high school or like after he graduated  the teachers at the school and administration had a code where they, if someone came into the  classroom and said, Hey, have you seen Mr.
 Harvey's red pen? That was code for,  there has been an accident at the plant.
 And the color of the pen meant the severity of the  nuclear accident.
 So it's like green pen, blue pen, red pen.
 So like if someone came in and  said like, have you seen the green pen? That means like, okay, we need to start getting people out of  here.
 Uh, or we need to shelter in place.
 That is so terrible.
 Imagine like having to hear that  fret, the one horrible phrase that certain death and having to stay calm in front of a bunch of  children.
 And imagine all those kids being like, Mr.
 Harvey, hold on to your pen.
 You're an adult.
  Third time this year, Mr.
 Harvey, uh, uh, the, the immediate aftermath also through  my island was that the like re like people who were being evacuated, women and children  were moved to Hershey park stadium, like all law moved going to the Astra dome in the wake of  Katrina.
 So like, and again, you got to wonder like, were people concerned about that stadium?  Do people think like all the seats were going to turn nuclear? Um, yeah.
 Isn't that weird? Like,  yeah, no idea.
 This like dark side of Hershey park history.
 Uh, and perhaps the darkest part of all  that dark or in some ways that's almost like, that's nice because Hershey was able to rescue.
  Yes.
 That they had a big enough space to save those evacuees enough chocolate,  the dopamine levels just go through the, where you say them and they called it nuclear chocolate  that would withstand a blast.
 Yeah.
 They make a point of updating the names of the  chocolate for every disaster that's hurricane chocolate.
 Uh, but, but while let me say the  dark side of the tail though, which is that in, because of this disaster and moving all the  refugees, uh, to the stadium, a Billy Joel concert was canceled.
 So don't go making light of it until  you hear the full story.
 Yeah.
 It could have, uh, Allentown could have been called Hershey park.
  We have ended up with giant heads.
  The nuclear blast.
 Uh, all right.
 Well now that I've, now that I've bummed everyone out,  that Billy Joel story, wait, let's go back to, to, uh, wait, we were talking about chocolate  world.
 Let's get back to the world.
 Um, the, well, there's other stuff going on.
 Uh, uh,  Hey, the opposite of a refugee situation, something much more fun than that.
 I saw a great video of a  parade happening within an indoor parade in chocolate world with all the characters marching  around with them, with a marching band, following them who have collars that look like chocolate  splats, like chocolate has melted on top of them.
 And they are all playing a marching band version  of Tio Cruz's dynamite.
 And it's the most delightful video you could ever see.
 Yeah.
  The characters.
 It's tough.
 I don't have mixed feelings.
 I love it.
 It's not, uh, I mean,  look for me, I think maybe, maybe people disagree, but you know, Hershey big rival Mars in the candy  world.
 Yeah.
 I think maybe people disagree, but Mars is the better candy.
 I would say what is  Mars M and M's.
 Yeah.
 But Reese's Reese's who's peanut butter M and M's are very good.
 Yeah.
  I want to say Mars is a Twizzler Twizzler.
 Oh, really? Yeah.
 There's a Twizzler character.
  I miss Twizzler Mars bars, Mars bars.
 Wait, I didn't mean I meant Twix.
 Oh,  yeah.
 In terms of stuff, I don't know why as a kid, I convinced myself like, oh yeah,  I got to get a bunch of whatchamacallits when I go there.
 Cause I can't, you can't find those  regularly.
 Of course you can find whatchamacallits in stores.
 Like Hershey got really good.
 Hershey  is nut rages.
 Not rages.
 Take five, take possibly the best.
 Five is good.
 Hard to find rollos.
  Okay.
 So maybe, maybe there's some disagreement.
 I would say I prefer Mars.
 Also Mars has more  iconic characters, the M and M's or characters that anyone knows outside of the park.
 Hershey  just show up and it's like, yeah, like the candy bars are characters.
 It's like, oh,  oh fuck.
 Like what are their characteristics? They're all the same.
 Cool.
 Nice.
 They all are  like, it's not like, well, they didn't Mars put the M and M's in advertising and they successfully  made them kind of lovable characters.
 And if you see the pictures of the Hershey park characters,  most of them are terrifying.
 There's a real, they're just called like kiss.
 The  RC kiss is just called kiss.
 So her there's her, I wrote these Hershey there's Reese's pieces is  called Reese Reese.
 There's jolly rancher.
 The Hershey kiss is just called kisses.
  Right.
 And then there's your milk duds.
 Nut radius, nut radius looks like some dad.
  I saw him referred to his name, his name being nut.
 Oh, okay.
 Let's get that on the record.
  Sorry.
 There's and then there's a couple different variations of the jolly rancher character.
  There's one where like the rancher, the jolly rancher here, I'm showing a photo is like the  whole body is the jolly rancher, but then there's some where jolly rancher is just the head is a  jolly ranch, which I have.
 I wanted to save him on my own.
 I think that's worse.
 What? Oh, I love  him.
 I don't know.
 He looks similar to, he looks like Mac tonight a little bit.
 Maybe that's why I  like it, which is your favorite character of all time.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
 But I think,  you know, I love again, cause I'm a scary cat like you guys.
 Uh, the characters were a big part of  what I liked about theme parks, but I think a big part of it is having any sort of awareness of the  character before you go in and meet them.
 And then it's like, this is why you have autograph books.
  Cause it's like, you're meeting a celebrity.
 This is a kind of treading on, well, you've had the  candy, so you're meeting a candy.
 Yeah.
 And there's no, yeah, there are no ads.
 It is only within  Hershey park that you meet these characters.
 Yeah.
 I love to look the source of my childhood  chubbiness directly in the eye, but directly in the face.
 You did this to me.
 You did this,  you piece of shit.
 Reese.
 All that said, if the option is get rid of the characters or keep the  use underdeveloped characters, I would say, keep them.
 I would say, keep them.
 Would you plus them  up? I would plus them up.
 I wish they, well, my big thing is I think they could be designed a  little better, but I also think too, just like incorporate them in some advertising or just like  a little bit, get to know these characters a little bit better.
 Big signs as you're driving  into town, they're waving at you.
 We're seeing you soon.
 Kisses does not hold a torch to that  green M&M.
 You know what I'm saying? You guys know, fellas, fellas, you know what I'm talking  about fellas.
 Oh, yeah.
 I'll give you some palm on that one brother.
 All right.
 There's a lot of  pictures of Hershey, the Hershey character wearing like that backwards, like George Wallace hat.
  Do you want to think about him at the baseball stadium or he's actually in the park?  That's enough.
 That should be pointed out.
 So chocolate world and the park and there's a huge  state are all in one complex.
 They're all like sort of on top of each other related.
 The Hershey  syrup also is just called syrup.
 That's the name.
 There's also a cuter name there somewhere.
  You can see a syrup.
 Hey, syrup, how are you? Sir.
 Sir, sir up.
  The I also there's a symphony bar marching around and I'm not sure I know what a symphony bar is.
  Symphony.
 I remember because we always used to give it to my parents as stocking stuff or like,  oh, this is the fancy.
 I have the same thing.
 That's like a fancy bar.
 It's just slightly  better than regular Hershey where it might've had a little toffee in it.
 Not like full Heath.
  Yeah, I think it is toffee.
 It's all that they had at the hotel Hershey.
  None of this trash regular bar.
 That's what they rub on you in the spa.
  You and your pregnant wife, it'll kill a fetus.
 So don't, if you're pregnant, don't  March for life organizers out against symphony bars, burning a pile of symphony bars,  famously toffee, terrible for the womb.
 I think that's just sheer marketing.
 That's just sheer,  like this is Hershey's adult candy bar.
 Like, Oh, like the arch deluxe.
  Yeah.
 The arch deluxe was the one for adults that failed almost instantly.
  This, this kind of brings up Hershey, the Hershey hotel.
 It like you're saying a nice hotel.
 I feel  like this was like, if your parents went out of town and you lived an hour or so away from,  maybe they stayed at the Hershey and they didn't necessarily go to the park, but maybe they went  out there for the weekend and there's a ton of outlets up there and other tours and nice  restaurants.
 I have like, like, like plug outlets, uh, outlet malls, not just places to plug in here.
  You know, not just places.
 That's nice.
 I had a question actually.
 Uh, if world of chocolate was  the extent of Hershey park, would you guys have still covered it on the podcast? And then extending  that would things like the M and M store or Chuck E Cheese or the Coke museum, would those, would  you consider those inbounds for this podcast or are those something else? No, I think so.
 I think  they're, they're attractions and, uh, uh, they're silly.
 They're oddities in the world, but a museum,  just some art museum.
 Fuck no.
 That's garbage.
 If a statue isn't alive, I don't want to see it.
  Yeah.
 But if there's a store, if there's just an M and M store and they have one, like, like  not moving M and M in the middle of it, we'll consider that a robot and we'll talk about,  we'll do two hours on it.
 The, uh, yeah, the M and M store in Vegas has like scheduled sessions with  like, okay, we got blue coming out.
 So, uh, blue fans that over ran Brown coming up next sort of  like a, like the next stripper kind of fashion.
 I was with, uh, Mike Mitchell and Vegas for a  bachelor party and he blew 300 bucks getting a private room with blue.
 It's five grand to eat  me entirely.
 I had to consume my, consume my entire body.
 Uh, what, there is a ride and there,  there's like a 3d show in chocolate world right now, which I did not.
 It's called like the mystery  is called a Hershey's great chocolate factory mystery in 4d.
 And it seems to be similar to the  turtle talk with crush concept at Epcot and other parks where there is a 3d character who is being  live puppeted somewhere in the back.
 I watched a video about the special skills that are required  to be a, one of the operators of Reese or kiss because you are not only have to be able to  improvise and, uh, talk to kids, but also puppeteer this live, a 3d character.
 It looks pretty  impressive.
 It's a genuinely good animation that renders instantly.
 I didn't see this video.
 What,  uh, what is Reese's character? Do you guys have an impression? Like, what does he sound like?  What's his whole, what's his toad? What does he have an attitude or, um, well the according to,  I think he's a little more extreme possibly if I am extrapolating from the Reese, the Reese's  extreme cup challenge ride, which is maybe only extreme on the extreme cup challenge ride.
 Okay.
  I don't know.
 I mean, this is again, my problem with the year.
 It's not clear.
  He's also not really present in the extreme challenge ride from what I know.
 So there's,  there's no characterization.
 And also both of these, I think all of the characters wear  brown slacks.
 They like it isn't, oh, do you want him to be naked? Well, no, but I can't  anatomically correct candy genitals.
 Well, but they don't look, they're there.
 They are a bar,  right? So their, their genital region is already covered by the bar part.
 Right.
 So it could be  like Mickey where it's just kind of like black legs.
 Like it, and so it is like their pants feel  chocolatey, but they also just seem to be just slacks.
 They're like, if you look at it,  if anybody looks at a picture, I find it a little confusing what they're, what they are anatomically.
  It's hard because everyone, all the candies are different, but like for instance, Reese,  Reese's head is one of the cups.
 So the cup is pushing out of the package.
 So that's where  Reese's head is, but there's another cup in there.
 Yeah.
 And is it another head? No, it's not.
  Yeah.
 You think it's just clear that's where it's all your knitting picks.
 It's snowman logic.
 Only  the top ball can talk.
 The torso and the leg balls cannot.
 I like to think though that it's  a separate head he has in there that if you were to rip the package open, he has like, it's like a,  another twin in the womb or something.
 Or like when the muppets all stand on top of each other  to be a person.
 Yeah.
 To, or when kids act, when the little rascals act like an adult.
  Do you think like those other, the other Reese's are like squished in there under a big coat? I  think that's right.
 I think that's what I'm thinking.
 But so, so yeah, it is unclear the  biology of the, of the characters.
 So other than the not understanding the biology, the autonomy,  or the personalities, I love the, the Hershey characters.
 I love them.
 I haven't seen them in  person, but I love them.
 I think they're great.
 I like them as silent walk around characters,  but in the ride, the weird ones in the ride who talk to you.
 I'm not feeling like that.
 Beyond  just existing, what do you like about them? I like the candies.
 I like seeing the candies with eyes.
  I like that there's so many different, like, like I was impressed that they go to milk.
 There's a  little milk, that boy running around.
 They're your friends.
 They're your friends.
 You like to see  your friends.
 It's odd.
 It's so odd.
 I like that.
 So I, I haven't really, I think most of that falls  into the category of existing.
 Yes.
 That's fair.
 I mean, that's fair, but I, they, I like, I like  the way they look.
 I will say yes.
 You could definitely imagine them just saying, you know what,  a Hershey bar and a Reese's, that's enough.
 We don't need to do any more than that.
 And we'll  have like seven guys in Hershey costumes, seven guys in Reese's.
 And you know what, for the  fellas, few kisses.
 Kisses is for dad.
 They could have just cut it off there.
 And I do think there  is something admirable to the commitment to, oh, we're all of the characters covering every brand.
  Covering every brand.
 And I love this Jolly Rancher.
 You talk about plus it up.
 I don't know  how you plus up this guy.
 He's already got sunglasses.
 He's got headphones.
 He's got gloves.
  He's got a really long scarf.
 Cool, cool kicks.
 What way do you plus up this Jolly Rancher?  It looks like a costume that like a high school theater department could make.
  Sure.
 It's a budget beast.
 There's charm to it.
  I'm a bottomless pit for just characters like this.
 I mean, I love the Burger King Kids Club.
  I like those guys.
  Yeah, but do they have, what do you remember? Wheels's personality or Kid Vid? Like who cares?  It's just like, I liked that they existed.
 I like when a corporation markets to me.
  I like them like just pandering with like, here, you like some cute shit,  don't you kid? And I did.
 I liked it.
  Yeah.
 Well, Cesar, you will learn all of their personalities when you are asked to read the  deck to write the film of every single thing we've talked about.
 I look forward to the Burger King  Kids Club movie, you being strung along with that for seven years and then it getting canceled.
  Is that how most big budget screenplays are started nowadays? Someone gives you a PowerPoint  deck as your inspiration? Yes.
  You can tell us that.
 When the podcast is over, I'll show you a bunch.
  Tantalizing Hollywood inside scoops.
 You're not getting them out of Susser.
  Is that why you're stumping for Mars so hard? You're writing the Mars bar movie?  Conspicuously silent.
  I also was like, I'm going to take the bet that one of these characters is,  in some regard, Jason-esque and I might vote for Milk Duds.
  Oh, yes.
 You should have, first of all, polled us and I would have said Milk Duds in a heartbeat.
  What if I were to tell you that a young Jason loved his Milk Bars? Milk Duds.
  I would believe Milk Bars, Milk Duds.
  Milk Duds.
 What is the, I just saw it.
 What's the toffee candy bar that Hershey makes?  Is it Honkor? Oh God, this is going to drive me nuts.
 I have a chart with all the Hershey  brands on here.
 Almond Joys.
 I like those a lot.
 Hershey's, I believe, owns Cadbury or owns a part  of Cadbury now.
 People have been asking when will Jason read a list of candy he likes? And here we  are.
 God damn it.
 But yeah, just a weird little kid.
 Score, Score Bars.
 That's Hershey's Chocolate  Bar or Chocolate Toffee Bar.
 And it's just like this weird little kid who's like, I want toffee.
  They have, in addition to these characters, they have other, they have like holiday characters.
  They do dress the characters up too, like for Halloween.
 And there's some pictures of like  all the characters wearing like kind of creepy like Zorro masks and stuff, but there's still  like, but I'm getting to Christmas time.
 There's a gingerbread character that's an original character  named Gingy that I really like as well.
 It's funny because ginger is a name.
 Yes.
 And it  makes more sense to just call the gingerbread, but it's no, it's Gingy.
 So Christmas at Hershey  Park was a bit, that's when my family would go a lot.
 That was a common Christmas week off  trip for a day.
 You go up, you spend most of your time at Chocolate World and then the park is free  to get into and you would just buy individual tickets for rides because there was only about  five rides open.
 You're really not supposed to run a lot of rides in 30 degree.
 Well, that was  interesting.
 And maybe this is just all East Coast parks.
 You guys would know this, but if we wanted  to hop on a plane right now and go to Hershey Park, guess what? We couldn't do it.
 Yeah, it's  closed.
 It's closed.
 It's closed a lot actually.
 Cause my wife and I have talked about like,  you know, it might be fun one time or on the East Coast, maybe drive up to Hershey and very seldomly  seldomly open opens in April until like the fall.
 And then it's kind of, but even like in April,  yeah, it's just weekends at some point.
 It's not, it's not always open.
 That is a normal thing,  I think for a lot of places like Disneyland used to be closed on Mondays, right? Was it Monday or  Tuesday? Like it was maybe both.
 I think two days early on that used to be common for, you know,  people don't need this open 24 seven Magic Mountain right up the highway from here.
  It just started advertising open 365 days a year, like just this year.
 But this, yeah,  the Six Flags in Chicago was not open year round.
 Great Adventure was not.
 And then also the other  thing that they use the characters for, I don't know if any of you guys had this in the note, is  for determining your height.
 Yes, this is very fun.
 Well, Jason, go ahead and talk about it.
  So yeah, there are, there are not also at a lot of, you know, amusement parks, if you're not above  this height, you can't ride this ride.
 But rather than having that, you know, a certain, you know,  thing at different rides, they just, when you get to the park, you got to measure and you got to see  which candy you are.
 There are six categories.
 That's miniatures.
 This is the newest high  category created in 2005.
 And that is zero to 36 inches.
 That's three feet and below.
  Then you got your kisses.
 That's between three feet and three foot six.
 Reese's.
  That's three, six to four feet.
 Hershey's four to four, six Twizzler, four, six to five feet,  and Jolly Ranchers, five feet and above.
 So then so rather, they'll just say like,  oh, this ride is for Reese's and up and that kind of, that's how they do it.
  But isn't that isn't a little more complicated to have to remember your height class?  Yeah, yeah, way more complicated.
 I think that, I don't know how it works exactly.
  Do you remember, but there's something.
 Well, there's, there's, I think they,  there's kind of a chart like at every ride.
 So they do have, you could do it again at every  ride, but you know, it's kind of just, you can see the sign and all that.
 Right.
 I mean, it's,  that seems fun.
 I was hoping there'd be more categories.
 More, even more.
 Like every three  inches, it would be a new one.
 Yeah.
 Because there are so many different bars.
 There's so  many different things you may as well use them all.
 And what a great way to reward somebody  who's over seven foot six who comes to the park.
 There is a swingers club in downtown Hershey,  and that's only for symphonies, baby.
 It's only for symphony bars.
 That's just for mom and dad.
  How does Disney do it? Is it just like they rides have a height thing and you have to do it?  Yeah, just as a height, but they don't give you like a character or something.
 Like,  are you a Goofy or are you a Donald? Are you a Chip and Dale? Yeah.
 Are you two inches?  Or are you a Groot? Are you big and tall? Or are you baby Groot? Yeah.
 I think it is fun.
  Use it like this.
 Be like the Mickey and Friends parking structure.
 We talked so much about  to.
 Yeah, it is a little way to bring some color and fun to a dry theme park.
 And I think it's  more fun to be like, oh, I'm a Reese's, not a Hershey rather than I'm just short.
 I think  it's more fun to have a different identity.
 I feel like though kids would get upset because if you  like Reese's better and you like, say your brother is older and he's Reese's, it would be like kind  of like, oh, he's Reese's.
 And then there'll be like kind of a fight because that would be  something my sister and I would fight about when we were little.
 You know, you know, you saw that  just by a bunch of fucking Reese's and shoving in the rest.
 And then they're satisfied.
 They forgot  all about the fight because they're parenting 101.
 Parenting 101.
 Just shove some candy in your  kid's mouth.
 Of all the places to fill your kids with candy.
 I mean, you can't do much better than  Hershey Park.
 It's just everywhere.
 There's also, do you guys, did you end up looking into the king  sized shakes? This is, I think maybe since all of us have been there.
 I wish I had a photo of it.
  Is this about bubbles? No, it's just like, they just have like, at a store called Simply  Chocolate, they have a giant mugs, 32 ounces that are just exploding.
 It's pure milkshake,  32 ounces.
 And then it's exploding with other materials at the top.
 The one that I saw,  it looks completely insane.
 We'll post a photo, but the description I found on top of the shake,  you'll find, this is the Reese's one.
 You'll find two generous sized pieces of peanut butter pie,  as well as two chocolate covered pretzel rods, which my wife didn't recognize when we were  looking at these photos.
 Like are these hot dogs? Are they like plus size Slim Jims? They're so  crazy looking, but they're pretzel rods.
 And then around the rim of the cup is like caked on  chocolate frosting when shit is like jammed into the salt, like stuck in sprinkles, Reese's pieces  and mini Reese's cups.
 It is a really insane sight.
 Oh man.
 Yeah, there you go.
 We're looking  at one now.
 These are getting very popular.
 Yeah, I was gonna say, this is a trend.
 This is a trend.
  Any tourist area place has one place, one thing that if you want to go in and have a shake that's  5,000 calories, no joke, that you can do it.
 Yes.
 Like it'll have a piece of cheesecake sticking out  and then there's a full birthday cake sticking out of the piece of cheesecake.
 And it's just,  it's insane.
 It's an alive gingerbread man.
 He can speak.
 He has feelings, but you have to kill him.
  Please talk about this.
 Also in the park has a s'mores stand where they will make you a  traditional s'mores like, and you can walk around and eat it, or you can design your own s'mores  where it's like, Hey, what if instead of graham crackers, it was chocolate chip cookies.
 And what  if instead of a Hershey bar, it's a Reese's cup.
 So they'll just cram.
 Now I was also looking into  the rest of the dining and it seems like these days, at least, it's just like chains.
 It's like,  what's that Italian familia, pizza, familiar.
 And normally I think I would not like that,  but I like that at Hershey, they're like, look, just like you need the calories.
 So just get  some chain for food, but dessert.
 That's where we shine.
 Well, there is a Dunkin Donuts as soon as  you walk into the park.
 Well, you need your coffee.
 You got to be allowed to sell donuts.
  That is true.
 They should only have like bagels, coffee, breakfast sandwiches, no donuts.
  Did you guys have a treat that you would get regularly when you would go? Like,  is there something you would go like, I'm going to go to Hershey park.
 I'm going to get this  specific thing.
 Like at Disneyland, you do a Dole whip or everyone has their own treat.
  Uh, I either like a chocolate milkshake or just pure Hershey's chocolate milk.
 Like Hershey's  chocolate milk is very sweet.
 But you would, you get like a little carton, but you get like a  gallon, just like cart, a gallon of chocolate milk around making it there or, or just like,  yeah, a carton or a chocolate milkshake or something like that.
 I was a big chocolate boy.
  Still am sure.
 I'm a chocolate man now.
 This is funny.
 Cause like I, as a kid, I don't know about  you guys.
 I was not a chocolate boy.
 I was more of a Wonka type candy.
 I like sprees.
 I like sweet  tarts.
 I like nerds.
 I like the, uh, quickly canceled dweebs.
 I like tartan tiniest.
 They  were like nerds.
 It's it's the cracked to mad magazine.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Slightly different name.
  Tartan tiniest, which are, uh, which were discontinued.
 But I, when I would go to Disney,  I would always get a character head full of tartan tiniest.
 Like I would get goofy,  a plastic goofy head and it was full of tartan tiniest and I would eat it.
 It's like my favorite  thing in the world.
 I realized recently some other company bought the right to tartan tiniest and  they're making them again.
 I need to order, but the only option is to order like a 10 pound bag  of tartan tiniest.
 So I like chocolate fine, but it was not my go-to ever.
 You have a halo as  you're talking about this.
 You have a literal glow.
 I am, I am lifted off the couch.
 Ages of  streaming from your face.
 You're younger.
 We went to the movies the other night, Mike,  and you got a bag of bulk candy or like a vat and it was all gummy.
 Yes.
 Well, yes, I, I like  chocolate more now, but yes, before when we go to universal city walk, uh, I always go into the  it's sugar candy store, which is, you know, it's a candy store.
 That's got a lot of those fun,  big candy bars, but it's also a little sexy.
 Let's be honest.
 You know, there's, there's these weird,  they're a lot of edible underwear, a lot of edible underwear, a lot of like a bikini top,  uh, like it's candy necklace, like candy necklace candy, but it's a bikini top.
 And you're like,  what practical use does this have? Uh, and then there's like pictures of like a school  girl with a lollipop.
 It's not as aggressive as some of these Vegas candy stores that are  like trying to be like, you know what candy makes you horny or whatever.
 But so yeah,  so your asshole,  I was just gonna say that.
 Yeah.
 For a while my wife and I, this, our go-to gift was actually  getting, uh, stupid stuff from that, uh, sugar candy store, like the giant thing of nerves that  we talked about or other things.
 And then we did, uh, give someone a gift from there and they just  hated it so much.
 And so then we stopped.
 Okay.
 Just like literate physically literal or did it  make them sick? No, they were like, why would you get this? This is stupid.
 Oh geez.
 Pretty bad  manners.
 Honestly.
 Uh, Mike, were you saying that you, do you just like buy edible underwear and  then eat it during a movie? During a movie.
 I had a film at the city walk, stadium seating.
  I put it on and I eat it off my body.
 Much higher markup than just buying bulk smarties.
  I don't know why you're doing this, but there's no challenge in that.
 Yeah.
 That's, it's fun.
  It's a fun thing to do.
 Um, yeah.
 So my point was just the Jason's point was that I still,  uh, favor the, the colorful sugary fruit ish, fruitish candies over the chocolate candy.
 So  then, uh, if there was going to be a theme park of that, is there a brand that you trust the most in  that world? Would it be sweet tart land? It's been, most of these candies have been bought by  the Wonka candy, which is a part.
 I know it's crazy.
 That's all Nestle.
 Nestle owns Wonka now.
  So there should be a, I mean, there's been talk, I think of universal studios before.
  Is that what you're saying? Or are you just pointing at me to point? No, I'm not pointing  at you at all.
 Your finger was pointing at me like that.
 Oh, I was just kind of adjusting my grip.
  Mike sugar high.
 The Hershey kicked in things.
 I'm crazy.
 Uh, so yeah, there's been a rumor  universal studios will make a Wonka ride, but I mean, you could do a full park.
 You want to do  a full park of universal tooth, some chocolate factory, which Mike and I have both been to is  very clearly a, a non licensed Willy Wonka factory.
 It's another place where you can get that  crazy shake.
 Um, and it, and I'll show you the photo of it, but it's, it's clearly, I think  they were sued by whoever owns sued by the doll estate.
 Yeah.
 Um, so yeah, I would want that if  that park existed though, I don't want that Wonka candy Wonka.
 I don't like him.
 He feels off.
  Oh yeah.
 Uh, yeah, that's a rip off.
 Yeah.
 I see.
 Uh, yeah, that's a question is who would the  character be? You want Gene Wilder.
 You don't want to certainly don't want Johnny Depp, but whoever  is the next Wonka, maybe that's going to be like Jared Leto Wonka.
 I'm assuming that's who it'll  be.
 Oh God, it has to be.
 There's only one quirky actor today.
 And it's a, do you remember the weird,  like, I think we, I think a couple of us passed around this bizarre trailer of, uh,  Tom and Jerry in Willy Wonka.
 Yes.
 That was just the original movie.
 It seemed like all the scenes  and songs from the original movie.
 They've made a few of, they've also made a Wizard of Oz,  one of the same genre where the whole movie happens, but Tom and Jerry are just there in  the background, kind of a Rosencrantz and Gilderoy.
 This is no, they've made multiple  of their just commenting on the, yeah, it's a nice song.
 She's thinking about being over the rainbow.
  Munchkin hang itself.
 Yeah.
 And I don't quite get why someone explained to me why they were like,  it was cheaper to make that or something, but it doesn't, it didn't really make sense to me.
 Yeah.
  Like wife, why Warner Brothers had to jam these properties together and is Tom and Jerry even?  Well, I understand why the jam them together because that's just like, you know, that's what  all entertainment is now.
 But, um, but it's still weirder and shadier.
 But this is just like the  movie is happening and they're not even interacting with the movie.
 It's not like they're like, Hey,  like I'm Dorothy, who are you? I'm Tom, I'm Jerry.
 It's almost, you know, it's almost like mystery  science theater, except they're there.
 Right.
 It's like almost commenting.
 Are they fighting  during the movie or they just literally watching? No, I think they're fighting sometimes, but  silently it's like they're ghosts.
 It's like they are ghosts who cannot interact with the story.
  They're in limbo.
 It's Tom and Jerry in limbo, witnessing these events with all the unbaptized  babies.
 Yeah.
 We should have mentioned that.
 Yeah.
 Millions and millions.
 Do Tom and Jerry talk like  in the nineties movie? Yeah, they do.
 Right.
 Or maybe they don't.
 I don't know.
 We got to look  into this.
 We got a recent, no three stars.
 Okay.
 Well, we know researcher Tom and Jerry direct to  streaming.
 Fair to complain about not being researched.
 That was a tangent.
  Yeah.
 That's true.
 The other basic facts about the theme park itself is pretty, once you outside  of the Hershey characters walking around and like some of the chocolate based treat stands,  pretty standard amusement park, very coaster heavy nowadays.
 The coasters are good.
 Yeah.
  I've written a few has some historicals to the super duper looper.
 Very fun name.
 In Halloween,  it comes to super boo per looper.
 One of the first full looping coasters on the East coast,  the comment, a great wooden coaster.
 Here's something I was reading though,  that it's pretty uncomfortable to ride the pretty rough ride.
 They have a Skyway still  sort of like Disneyland used to.
 They, they have like, but it's like just a bench almost.
  This is a terrifying, it's like a bench you sit in and you see an aerial view of some of the park  and a lap bar.
 I'm amazed they keep it around.
 Right.
 Right.
 And the lawless lands outside  Disney, you can still do this.
 Yeah.
 There is a monorail that just does a round trip,  sort of around part of the park that has giant, uh, blue cross.
 The insurance company is the  current sponsors of here's giant blue cross locos.
 That's pretty ballsy that Hershey is bringing in  outside sponsors sponsored out.
 Yeah.
 Uh, the big ride, the big dark ride, like along our  interest lines is the Reese's extreme cup challenge.
 I'm going to, I'm going to jot in  here.
 You see Reese's that drives it's Reese's right.
 What does everyone say? Does everyone say  Reese's I'm Reese's Reese's pieces, but that's not right.
 Yeah.
 Well, wait, I grew up in a place  where you, what would you call a small body of water? Uh, that might be behind your house.
  Pond.
 No, that's like, it's like a creek, a Creek.
 Yeah.
 Uh, we grew up calling that a Creek.
  What's wrong too.
 Well, we also say wooder in Pennsylvania, but that's just, that's just the  dialect.
 Yeah.
 Creek is a dialect thing.
 Reese's is not a dialect.
 It's even, it's pronouncing the  word it's like a fudgical or it's like a Sherbert Sherbert is wrong.
 Sherbert is the right way to  say it.
 I say Sherbert.
 Sure.
 There's no R in Sherbet.
 I'm outnumbered here.
 I guess PCs is fun.
  It is fun.
 It's like nails on a chalkboard to me.
 I'm more on your side, Mike.
 Yeah.
 It's I find it  a little cutesy, a little cloying.
 This appears to be the last episode of the podcast.
 This is  the maddest we've been at each other.
 It's spewed over the pronunciation.
 Um, you know, you guys,  again, uh, we talked about the ET, uh, you know, what you guys did.
 Do you think now that they're  getting rid of it at some of the universals, Hershey could steal it because of moving over.
  Oh, wow.
 That's very good.
 That's a good idea.
 This is why you get paid the big bucks.
  This is yeah, this is a very good idea.
 I don't know if you guys know that story, but, uh,  Spielberg wanted M and M's and M and M's would not sign off on that.
 What a bunch of fucking idiots.
  Yeah.
 I mean, they really, they blew it.
 And so that's why it was Reese's and kind of put  Reese's PCs on the map.
 Uh, so it's very important to the Hershey company and Reese's in general,  ET.
 I think it's a good idea.
 I think it's a good idea.
 It will certainly be the best ride at the  park instantly upon.
 I think that you can certainly fit a couple of the characters on the ride.
 Like  Reese maybe shows up on the green planet when ET goes home.
 Oh, you start putting it because,  you know, you guys were complaining that the green planet characters were not that good.
  So yeah, you put some of these better characters like Reese.
 And honestly  answering questions of the movie, why did he love those Reese's so much? That's right.
  His money.
 Wow.
 I could help out ET.
 And very much like Rogue One, you know,  solved some kind of plopable questions in Star Wars.
 Now the ET ride will solve them.
  Reese, it's you.
 I ate something that was like you.
  Yeah.
 Look, that's great.
 Do they have a Reese's pieces walk around character? I don't think they  do.
 I don't know.
 It's just the cup.
 It's just the cup.
 So then he's too busy on the green planet.
  Reese, I hate your droppings on earth.
 On the green planet, those are what he poops.
  Wait, is that canon? Does Reese the cup poop? I'm Reese's pieces.
 Again, anything you think  of about any of these characters is canon because they don't have one.
 We are the first ever to  think or talk about any of this.
 Well, they have the Reese's extreme cup challenge, a ride sort of  like Buzz Lightyear, except it's themed to extreme sports and you are not shooting at people or  creatures.
 You're shooting around human beings doing extreme sports.
 Doing kick flips.
 Doing  kickflips.
 Yeah, it's confusing.
 When I watched the ride through, I didn't really, there are  targets, but I only, all you can see are like skateboarders and X Games people jumping around,  but you're not supposed to shoot them.
 They are not enemies.
 They're sending you out to shoot  past.
 They chose an extreme sports event to have a shooting match concurrent with Enduring.
  There's also animatronic commentators, like sports commentators.
  Who look like mannequins.
 They look like mannequins.
  Yeah, the sports people are more like wooden cutouts, but then there's like fleshed out,  dressed up sort of Ron Burgundy-ish announcers who at the end, when you get to the wrong,  when you get to the end, they say like, well, and at the end here, it's, I guess,  hey, I guess we figured out there's no wrong way to play Reese's Extreme Cup Challenge.
  Yeah, it's a little tenuous.
  Modify the slogan.
  Yeah, it's ironic that Hershey, a company very much in the food preparation business,  has such a half-baked ride.
  God damn.
  Should we dig in on how to make this ride better? Like, what do you think?  It's a good idea.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Can I swipe this one a little bit?  Well, why don't the targets look like, I mean, I get why they don't look like Reese's cups.
  I get why they don't look like that because it's probably too dark to pop.
  Because you're not shooting Reese's cups.
  No, you're not.
  Right.
  So why not just make it look like the rectangular wrappers and then have the target like in the  center of the wrap, I guess, then you're shooting.
  Well, how about this? How about this? How about it? How about it's the wrappers?  It's like a Reese's candy in the wrapper.
 You shoot it, the wrapper falls off.
  That's fine.
  That's better.
  Yeah, like you're trying to expose the delicious candy and then like,  maybe you have like a swarm of kids go and eat it after that or something.
  Yeah.
 Now, yeah.
 So are we getting rid of the extreme sports?  Yeah, let's get rid of that.
  I don't think yes.
 I don't think that's held up well.
  I don't think that tracks.
  Probably from the X Games or something.
  Well, they put it in in, they put it in in 2006,  which is a little late to catch on to extreme sports.
  Also, were the X Games ever popular?  There was a year, I think.
  When was the time period?  So you're shooting it so that the kids can have the candy?  Yeah, I think so.
  So maybe it's like someone has stolen all of the Reese's and you're like liberating the candy,  but also the competitive element.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Maybe it's very thinly veiled evil M&M's.
  Oh, that's interesting.
  Oh, like M&M's.
 Like they're slightly off.
  What if they're evil vegetables?  Yeah, that I feel like it's too much for them.
  Yeah, like Michelle Obama will be after them.
  Right.
 But no, Melania would love it.
  Melania hates vegetables.
  I hate them.
 We should bully them.
 They're the only things we should bully.
  Reese's fetus is the greatest meal for a child.
  I don't know if we solved it.
 It's a tough one.
  What if you shoot off the clothing of the characters?  You mean the rappers?  Yeah, so the rappers are their clothes or their skin?  Oh, that's well, if it's their clothes, this is okay.
  But if it's their skin is certainly not.
 It's certainly problematic.
  But like Reese's naked and he covers his lower head, his lower cup.
  Because you shot his clothes out.
  You don't end up looking at any chocolate genitals.
  They cover up out of embarrassment right away.
  Yes, it's just you're seeing the lower ball.
  Why are we shaming these characters and putting them in embarrassment?  We're brainstorming here.
  Are we sure about no like because I think maybe blasting apart heads of broccoli  and cauliflower and relieving only the sweet chocolate.
  In Trump's America, that is a good idea.
  And in Pennsylvania is often a red state.
  I do think Hershey Park, you know, I think that just like the cigarette industry,  like kind of had a reckoning of like advertising this unhealthy lifestyle for kids.
  I do feel like Hershey Park maybe.
  Doesn't want that.
  For a reckoning of if they're like too much promoting an unhealthy lifestyle.
  Oh, well, why not then you just said it.
  Let's unite against the common enemy and there's a bunch of cigarettes around.
  Yeah, that's good.
  You're shooting cigarettes and only chocolates remain.
  Yeah, that's good.
  All right.
  Well, we solved it, I think.
  Just tobacco, like loosely like hand wrapped tobacco cigarettes blasting apart into embers.
  Cool.
  Hey, that's a good message to that ride.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Can we talk a little about Milton S.
 Hershey?  Absolutely.
  Yeah.
  I learned a great fact about him.
  The founder.
  I'm going to assume.
  Are you coming out with something dark?  Do you want to start?  All of these.
  I got a couple dark things.
  We could start with a lighter.
  All of these captains of industry of that time period had some sort of darkness.
  His middle name is Snavely.
  I'd like to point that out.
  I mean, that's could be a more evil name.
  He asked for Snavely?  But is there evil stuff with him?  Because I feel like I'm probably watching a lot of self-company produced stuff.
  I'd dig for like five minutes to find it.
  It didn't take a long time, but most of it is just like, what a great philanthropist,  always giving to charity and the charity still exists.
  A lot of charities with his name on it.
  But he owned the town essentially.
  He built the park for his employees to have a recreational space.
  Which is nice.
  That's nice.
  A little product of his time, you know, company down.
  Yes.
  You know, yeah.
  Kohler, Wisconsin, you know, which my parents have been to and have returned to.
  Several trips to Kohler.
  Where?  Kohler, Wisconsin.
  Wow.
  Really?  You've been to Kohler?  Yep.
  What'd you do in Kohler?  My dad went to a conference there and he brought my whole family along for a family vacation.
  And you know what?  We had a great time and we went back.
  Wow.
  You returned to Kohler.
  Who built Kohler?  The Kohler toilets.
  Oh, Kohler.
  Kohler, oh, okay.
  I'm a huge fan of their products.
  They make a fine product.
  I honestly was very loyal to Kohler toilets for years.
  Ride or die for Kohler.
  Yeah.
  Which now that there's a good example of a place that should have a factory tour that's  a little more fun.
  They do have like a.
.
.
  Is there a talking toilet?  They have a museum of toilets in Kohler, which is kind of fun.
  But yes.
  I'm going to book some plane tickets right now.
  It should definitely be plussed up.
  There could be a talking toilet.
  There should be like a 25 year old behind a wall that makes the toilet talk and talks  to kids that come in.
  And you've got a built in.
.
.
  Oh, sorry.
  Put your waste in my mouth.
  Yeah, he just says, put your waste in my mouth over and over again.
  It's food to me.
  I love it.
  Nothing wrong with that.
  And you've got a built in female character with Miss Biday.
  Serves up, seats down.
  We're saying Milton Snape made her own town.
  Here's a.
.
.
  What is like.
.
.
  Well, he was almost on the Titanic.
  Whoa.
  That was not bad.
  Not bad.
  So yeah, so there's a business.
.
.
  Something business came up and they had to cancel their tickets.
  So they did not.
  And they.
.
.
  Seth MacFarlane.
  Seth MacFarlane, it was time.
  Oh God, what would happen if Seth MacFarlane had been on one of those planes and Milton  Hershey had been on the Titanic?  Butterfly effect, man.
  They might not have made Hershey's with almonds.
  That's true.
  The mutual, the combined list.
  Milton S.
 Hershey though, did crush the workers union hopes.
  Oh yeah.
  He brought a lot.
  I mean, but that, I guess it's dark, but you're right.
  It's a product of the time.
  Disney also famously hated unions and thought his workers were communists.
  So there goes our Hershey Park comps.
  They were writing our names on them right now.
  Let's get to this.
  I sent an email to Hershey.
  Okay.
  I said, hey, we're a podcast.
  We talk theme parks.
  We would love to come cover something or talk.
.
.
  No response.
  Did you say that Evan Susser was going to be the guest?  I didn't say Evan Susser.
  This is weeks ago before we even had booked Evan Susser as the guest.
  Yeah.
  But there's no response.
  So I, you know what?  Let's rip it up.
  Let's rip them up.
  Fuck them.
  Yeah.
  Is there anything else about.
.
.
  So when they originally, it was just sort of a park.
  It was like a time.
  It wasn't a full theme park or anything, but this is like in the early, like 1908 or something.
  Something very.
.
.
  And they had like one merry-go-round.
  They had a baseball team and they had a Hershey, the Hershey baseball team.
  Like this was at the opening of the park, beat the Crescent Club team 13 to one, which  I'm suspicious that this wasn't a set up, like a Washington General situation where Milton  S.
 Hershey was like, and then we'll have the team win in a resounding victory.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Wasn't that like the toothpaste company?  No, Crescent.
  Crescent Club.
  I don't know actually what that.
.
.
  From Harrisburg, I think, right?  The competing team from Harrisburg.
  Yeah, I think that's right.
  They probably, people are very.
.
.
  Harrisburg sucks so much ass.
  Like no one has good.
.
.
  Everyone's just tired.
  So you think they just lost for fair and square?  I think they probably lost.
  You're defending Milton.
  Harrisburg is our state capital and it's such a nothing.
.
.
  Like many state capitals, it's a nothing town.
  Sorry Harrisburg, I'm roasting your ass.
  So yeah, it's nothing too crazy, but a lot of charities.
.
.
  There's some like.
.
.
  The charity is right now, I think embroiled in some sort of like scandal where they're  giving money to the Republican party.
  But I think that's about it as far as.
.
.
  The Republican party, I believe famously has like a year long retreat, or not a year  long, like a retreat once a year, most recently in the news, because a bunch of them were  on a train and there was a train accident.
  Oh, that was going there?  Going to like this congressional retreat, I think.
  I believe in the past, a number of times that retreat has been at the Hershey hotel.
  But this year, this recent train accident was not going to Hershey.
  West Virginia or Virginia or something.
  Gotcha.
  Okay, okay.
  So there's some darkness around.
  Hershey has convention and meeting facilities in abundance, if you're looking for that sort  of thing.
  Great concert venue.
  That's like the main.
.
.
  Like, did you guys see concerts there?  No.
  No, a little too far.
  But for that part of the state, it is a very popular venue for big acts.
  Where like the Warped Tour goes.
  You guys didn't catch the Warped Tour?  Jimmy Buffett.
  Jimmy Buffett.
  Oh, okay.
  Very, very good.
  But I would say overall, it sounds like as far as these titans of industry of his time  go, not particularly.
  Not something extra evil.
  Just the normal evil of the day, mostly.
  The evil you needed to be competitive.
  Yeah.
  If we are starting to pick at this place and have some problems with it, this isn't a huge  deal.
  It's just something maybe something I want to put on their radar as a potential problem  down the road.
  In addition to the theme park, there is a small zoo called Zoo America.
  And I was watching video of Zoo America and for being pretty tiny on the map, there's  a lot of like, there's a cool array of animals in there.
  There's bobcats.
  There's mountain lions and some kind of wild, dangerous animals.
  And I'm watching videos of these animals at the park.
  And then in the background are just houses, like clearly people's houses within easy  distance of wolves and such.
  And I looked at it, I did some Google Street view.
  I wound my way through the area.
  And I have a little diagram that I want to show you guys.
  And we'll tweet this so you can follow along.
  But here is on the left, we have part of the zoo.
  And here are the houses that are in the adjacent area.
  This part that is the very closest to the houses is the wolf pen.
  And two gray wolves, at least.
  And I looked on the street view on Trinidad Avenue here.
  And it is just, it's not like a fortified fence.
  It's just a regular chain link fence with a little bit of barbed wire at the top.
  It's like the barbed wire you put on, you know, like to thwart a burglar who forgot  to bring gloves.
  It's just like a mild amount.
  And I also, using Google Maps technology, I counted out, I think you've got active alive  wolves like 100 feet away from the front porch of this house.
  So, and you know, not that it's a problem.
  I mean, the wolves are probably fairly docile.
  It would probably take, you know, like they probably wouldn't freak out unless there was  a big loud noise, you know, like a monorail going by directly over the wolf pen.
  So I have some concerns about what's going on about the proximity of the neighborhood.
  I also was curious.
  Also, like, and this is more the animal safety.
  Like chocolate is horrible for all of these animals, right?  Especially if they're pregnant.
  Yeah.
  So, you know, all these people in the park, they've got all these chocolate bars.
  Rappers with like kind of the shiny, the glint on the side.
  Maybe they're eating them.
  Maybe it's a choking hazard.
  It should also be noted that a hurricane hit Hershey Park at one point and destroyed some  rides and damaged some buildings.
  I'm sure could easily take out a chain link wolf fence.
  I believe, I think I read that something happened to the bison that like maybe the bison died.
  Maybe they like were drowned or like went off in a flood or something into the neighborhood.
  I don't, I feel like this zoo is a newer thing, which is weird because there's also like the  boardwalk at Hershey, which is what they call like, they have a small water park, I guess,  included in your admission now, which water parks in most of the country, those are very  seasonal.
  Like there's three months out of the year, you're lucky if you can operate those.
  Yeah, I'm not sure the deal here.
  One of these wolves is going to eat me.
  One of these wolves, yes.
  He started at his middle face and worked his way up to the top sentient face.
  I also want to say that I went on realtor.
com and I looked up the price of the houses that  are in such proximity to the wolves.
  The one sold just a month ago, I don't want to go calling out addresses, but they in a  house in this area just sold for $165,000.
  And I know probably a lot of people listening are frustrated with the high price of rent,  maybe can't afford a house and know that there's a fairly affordable house in Hershey,  Pennsylvania.
  You just have to deal with the fact that a wolf could easily hop a fence and be in your  kitchen at a moment's notice.
  Smell like chocolate, even the parts that aren't meant to, at a certain point, it just  becomes psychosomatic and you think you smell chocolate all the time.
  So you go mad.
  Although according to Wikipedia, beginning with the 2012 season renovations, the famous  chocolate smell in parts of the park was dampened.
  The park once used chocolate smelling chemical in building material, but discontinued.
  What?  Concerns about safety.
  That's wild.
  That also seems like such a lie because it seems like they tell you that the reason it  smells like chocolate is because like they're making so much chocolate.
  But it's in the building.
  Well, probably.
  But is there a Disney-fied thing?  Because Disney famously pumps in smells of like fried chicken.
  Like there's no fried chicken in Tomorrowland, but all of a sudden if you go by Space Mountain,  there's this strong fried chicken smell.
  And it's just like you're naturally your brain starts, oh man, I really should have some  fried chicken.
  But it's not around.
  It's just the smell.
  So are they doing stuff like that too?  Probably because the plaza in the kitchen is not too far.
  I'm talking about all the way over by Star Traders and like the Captain EO Theater.
  I'm not talking about over by Plaza Jason.
  That's still like backstage.
  No, there's no way that the restaurants.
  No, I'm talking about the exit to Space Mountain at Disneyland.
  Space Mountain is built out of Cartons chicken batter.
  We were there a couple a month or two ago.
  Remember we were standing outside.
  We had all gone to the bathroom and I said, hey, it smells like fried chicken here.
  But if you think about it, there's no chicken anywhere.
  I think it's backstage kitchens.
  I think you're right.
  And then we all went to.
  Are you are you doubting that they're pumping in those fake smells?  You know that.
  I know they're pumping in the fake smells.
  I think just I can point to a place that has fried chicken pretty close.
  This is also this is riling me up, but there's no way that that fried chicken smell is floating  from the restaurant.
  Maybe they pump it in because you go, oh, I know there's fried chicken around the corner.
  So maybe I'm maybe I'm wrong.
  I'll see you guys.
  Don't say chicken.
  It's chicken.
  What is this regional pronunciation of chicken?  Uh huh.
 Anyway, so so Hershey Park is maybe doing this.
  We don't know.
  We don't know if they're also like artificially chocolate smelling.
  I had a stuffed Hershey Kiss growing up.
  I have to think maybe it smelled like chocolate or maybe it's just like the industrial plastic  smell.
  We need to fortify fences and we need to check the we need to reevaluate the building codes  and make sure that everything's made out of safe materials and not aging chocolate.
  Because as we learned, even those giant chocolate bars go white eventually.
  We didn't talk about the log flume.
  Is that a big thing or is it just a big thing in my memory?  The cold cracker?  Is that what it's called or something?  The big log flume ride.
  I think that maybe just in my mind it was a big deal because I had not seen one before.
  And I also it's like the classic log flume.
  And there's a bridge that you can observe and you can get wet on the bridge and the  opening credits for step by step.
  There's a log flume and you can get wet.
  And I just was when I went to Hershey Park, I thought that must be the park where that  was shot.
  Even though of course it was.
  Why would it have been?  No, famously the opening step by step was at Magic Mountain, which at the end of the  credits is superimposed to look like it is on the Great Lakes.
  Well that makes much more sense.
  There's this bizarre shot at the end of the sequence where there's a poorly tracked like  darting around lake for some reason on the shores of Valencia.
  It's one of the strangest things.
  I'm sure we'll talk about this for longer at some point.
  But like why the show is set in Green Bay, Wisconsin, but who in the world is going to  be going like there should be a lake in there.
  Odd.
  And I don't think they had the graphics to pull it off.
  Let's go into step by step.
  Is the family gone on vacation?  Yeah, absolutely.
  I don't know.
  That's a lot of family.
  There's like six, seven kids.
  That's kind of a hassle, but you can.
  Yes.
  Hey, good point.
  You can trust that guy too.
  He's not up to no good.
  Getting his man, dude.
  I said it so confidently.
  It's Cody.
  Yeah, it's the code Meister man.
  What have we not covered?  We've covered a lot.
  The only one thing I had written down is the laugh track.
  Oh, that's the roller, the indoor roller coaster.
  Yeah.
  And there's a character on the, this is, I don't know if you guys know more about this  than I do.
  There's a character supposedly named laughing cell.
  Are you familiar with this character?  I have seen laughing cell.
  Laughing cell is a character that appears on like many different things.
  Like in different, I think there's a video of laughing cell on my Instagram.
  So let me show everyone here.
  Do you know, are you familiar with laughing?  Okay.
  Laughing cell is a, like a creepy kind of, it looks like a woman.
  I'm not sure.
  Is cell a lady's name?  Laughing cell was like a penny arcade thing.
  Yeah.
  Where you, there's one.
  This is laughing cell.
  Oh, she's terrifying.
  There's one at the museum mechanic in San Francisco.
  That's where this video is from.
  It's a scary toothless lady who I feel like is on the outside of fun houses or in, uh,  yeah, I think, yeah, this may have been a mass produced cause it's like, like a Zoltar,  like a movie big Zoltar.
  That's what entertainment was.
  Just a laughing puppet back then.
  Uh, yeah, laugh track is an indoor rollercoaster sort of themed after fun houses and just everything's  in black light and there's a lot of horrifying Calliope music playing.
  Yeah.
  I, I, all I really wanted to just talk about was laughing cells.
  Yeah.
  So, but yeah, that's, it's sort of, yeah.
  Anyways, did you guys know, did you ride it?  Did you, were you scared by laughing cell?  I think that's a newer ride.
  Really?  They so laughing cell, even though she's very old, like a hunt, like they've been putting  her on things.
  I, I, I don't know, a quarter or a dime into the laughing cell at San Francisco sketch  Fest a few years ago and was scared of it then.
  Oh, okay.
  So you have had a run in with her?  Yeah.
  The video you played, I've seen that one.
  Oh wow.
  She laughed in your face.
  She laughed at me.
  Yeah.
  Oh God.
  Terrifying.
  Anyway, that does not seem up my alley.
  So if there was something associated with her, I don't think I would have.
  No, you would have been too scared.
  I think I'm too scared today.
  Um, why are we too scared to go on a ride with laughing cell?  Maybe.
  Yeah.
  Um, yeah, that's it.
  I mean, was everybody, what else?  Well, so just keep laughing Sal out of there and let's keep the focus on our beloved fully  fleshed out characters.
  Yeah.
  I think Hershey parks going to stretch into the new millennium, which we're already in  it, but it's going to keep a stretching into that new keeps stretching.
  So do we want to give our final thoughts?  Do we want to plus?  Do we want to talk about what do we do?  Keep as is, do we want to demolish the park for insurance money or do we want to plus  it up?  But what do we think?  Build a wall, keep those houses safe.
  This is a wall we can all agree on.
  A wolf protection.
  Wolf wall.
  It is private before we build that other wall.
  This one doesn't require, it's only like 50 feet.
  Let's protect those houses.
  I'm going to say, I'm going to plus it up, but I'm not going to, it's not, I haven't  been to the park, so I can't give such a great critique of it.
  But I'll plus it up in the sense that we need these characters in more media.
  That's the problem is that you go there and you don't have the connection to them.
  So we need TV shows starring Reese and Jolly Rancher and they need to be cool and kids  need to like them and they need to know all about them.
  We need a movie obviously written by Evan and his writing partner, Van.
  We need that Simpsons joke, like the Mars bar choco-bot hour, like the lesson about  commercialism at the end of that Simpsons.
  You're like, no, I want that.
  Yes.
  That's that's a show we need right now.
  Yeah.
  It's the show we need right now.
  We need to indoctrinate kids with these characters before they head to park.
  So the park is more enjoyable later.
  So that they know how hard to hug them.
  Yes.
  Do I love you a little or a lot?  We need to make sure kids love these characters a lot.
  Yeah.
  Great.
  Yeah.
  You know, I think, I think it's not plus up Hersy Park, but let's keep them on their  toes by make it like, let's, let's get more food brands making theme parks as we talked  about.
  There's the, there's the possibility of Willy Wonka.
  I think, I think all of them, you know, all of these places are probably flush with cash  and it's time to put it back in the community.
  I thought of the Heinz factory, which is nearby.
  It's in Pittsburgh.
  I think they could siphon some of the business away from Hersy Park.
  And there's obviously, I mean, who wouldn't love to go meet relish and mustard, you know,  like Worcestershire sauce could be kind of a, you know, sadder, more cantankerous Eeyore  type character.
  There's a lot of possibilities.
  Heinz also owns a Bagel Bites, or right at Tater Tots.
  And they have their own competitor to Jolly Rancher, the cool character.
  What would that purple and neon blue ketchup that they were doing for a little while there?  Wow.
  The bad kids, the, you know, the Jason's of the world, the bad boys would want to go,  you know, do something, do something naughty with the purple ketchup.
  Eat a chili dog alone.
  When he should be socializing with people his own age and not just compulsively riding  attractions.
  Go on a roller coaster a half hour after eating instead of the requisite 45 minutes.
  Hell yeah.
  Let's get, yeah.
  All right.
  Let's get bad with purple ketchup at Heinzland.
  I was thinking too, you were talking about other food, food parks.
  I think Yum Brands who owns Taco Bell KFC and Pizza Hut, they should have their own  park called like Yum Park.
  And you can have walk around cheesy guritti crunches and stuffed crust pizzas.
  And they're going to look just like the Hershey Kari.
  I mean, that's, oh yeah.
  The Taco Bell Chihuahua.
  Yeah, I guess.
  I mean, he's been gone for a while, but you could bring him back.
  He could bring him back.
  Yeah.
  We got to loosen the rules a little bit.
  Although I do want to focus on alive foods as much.
  I would love to see all the mascots, but I agree.
  Imagine being in a fun house designed by Doritos Locos Taco.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  That twisted mind.
  Imagine what's going to happen in there.
  Like a Gravitron where, how about the Gravitron where it spins around, but it's like a giant  stuffed crust pizza inside.
  So there's like toppings on the wall.
  Maybe it gets everyone messy.
  I don't know.
  I just, you don't know.
  You have to sign a waiver, but you're covered in pizza toppings when you come off.
  Oh yeah.
  Like kids getting to jump into like pizza sauce and like the ball pitch that is the  ingredients of pizza and then rolling around in dough afterwards.
  Yeah.
  There's a lot of possibilities.
  I have to agree with both of you guys.
  I would also like to see more brands get involved in this, but the ones you have mentioned,  I feel like people already have like affection for Yum!  Brand stuff or Heinz stuff.
  Uh, I want to see like a Unilever Park.
  Now look at these brands.
  Unilever.
  I mean, you can get Ben and Jerry's in there.
  You can get a Lipton attraction, a Dove attraction, nor those powdered envelopes of different  noodle flavors.
  You could have a whole nor tasting area.
  An Axe.
  Axe body spray.
  Oh yeah.
  And I mean, there's even more brands in this bigger picture.
  Country Croc.
  Okay.
  The Country Croc.
  Rama.
  We all Rama and Ravona.
  How about like a tea cup style thing where you get in the Country Croc tins or tubs and  it spins around.
  Slim Fast Racers.
  That's great.
  Slim Fast Racers.
  After you pig out at the Ragu Italian restaurant, you go to the Wishbone Salant Bar to balance  it out.
  I mean, I think this makes it right to itself.
  And like a Fun House Mirror sponsored by Slim Fast.
  Hey, she looked alternatively very skinny and very fat.
  And like some sort of Dove attraction that has good intentions, and then they immediately  get dragged for it because they fucked it up how they went about it.
  As the history of Dove advertising shows us.
  Oh sure.
  That's great.
  Yeah, I think we're all on the same page that there are some minor plus ups to the park  itself.
  Some of the rides could be a little more thought out.
  The characters could be a little bit better, but I think we're all in favor of just more  parts with more brands.
  I also love that Hershey is in Hershey, Pennsylvania.
  So just like other brands, Hershey can't really control that.
  So I would say open up like a satellite location in like Tuscan, Arizona.
  Just like just another town, like a little off the beaten path.
  And yeah, there's an amusement park here now.
  Like how Universal Studios Hollywood opened up Universal Orlando, but it's not a real  working Hollywood.
  It's not a working studio.
  Yes.
  But it's sort of copying.
  Yes, they're copying the factory.
  But I also just like too that, you know, not in Orlando, not in Los Angeles.
  Yes.
  Just in maybe the Burbank Mall.
  Maybe the Burbank Mall.
  It's time.
  Yeah, right.
  I'm in a real estate.
  I'm going to put a theme park right here.
  In keeping with pronunciation issues, did you just say Tuscan as opposed to Tucson?  I did.
  Wow.
  What?  I thought you were talking about a different place.
  Uh, I was, I was like scrambling to look up a city that would be the right.
  And I was like Tuscan, that sounds right.
  And I think I have heard people, I would normally say Tucson.
  Uh huh.
  Right.
  But I think I was just like, what's the thing?  In your haste.
  But I don't know if, if like greasy species is Tuscan a more fun way to say Tucson.
  No, I think that was just an embarrassing mistake.
  There might be a Tuscan.
  I'm having fun talking about it.
  And maybe I have actually heard people, other people, I'm realizing that this is maybe a  mistake other people have made because I have heard people say Tuscan, Arizona and been  like, what the hell is that?  Yeah, probably that's what they maybe just another puzzle.
  We'll figure it out.
  All street.
  You say tomato.
  I say tomato.
  Let's call the whole thing off.
  Evan Sesser, you have survived podcast, the ride.
  Thank you so much for being here.
  Thanks for taking us on a chocotastic journey.
  Guys.
  I had a great time.
  It was great to be here.
  Thank you.
  Thanks for coming.
  Are we all crashing now?  We're all a little mellow at this point.
  I got rowdy.
  I feel like I was yelling at a certain point.
  The chocolate did.
  I thought it was like a joke that it would have any sort of effect on the podcast.
  I think it did.
  I think that first of all, the sounds of people opening it definitely always helps.
  I do think it got everyone riled up and now I'm ready to crash.
  Yeah, but I think we clearly delivered a show that was equal to or greater than Letterman  circa the mid 90s.
  I think that was height of Letterman, what we just did.
  We're like Chris Elliott era Letterman.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Good stuff was happening.
  It was innovative.
  It was fresh.
  It wasn't like Carson.
  It wasn't like the stodgy old, which I get.
  I'm going to say his dough boys and this.
  We're the edgier.
  They're the stodgy.
  Them having started two years ago, they're the old Carson to our hip Letterman.
  And you're the link to the new generation of I disagree with this entirely.
  He had a well down the later show.
  He had Carson's producer a little bit to start the show.
  Oh, that's great.
  You're Fred de Cordova.
  I think you are the Fred de Cordova of dough boys.
  Not the first time I've heard that.
  Wow.
  Glad there's agreement on this.
  Well, anything you'd like to plug beyond your participation as executive producer of dough  boys.
  Well, Doughboys Tournament of Champions.
  Doughboys.
  Much madness happening now.
  Listen, maybe and you guys this year.
  Well, maybe you're not allowed to say yet.
  Maybe a future year in the tournament because you cover a different topic every time.
  Maybe some maybe at some point candy.
  I said desserts.
  I tweeted that doughboys when they asked like, what should we do this year?  I'm like, you got to do fast food desserts.
  You got to do the treats.
  Desserts and treats, I think is a very, very promising.
  TCBY.
  Well, talk to the boys.
  I'll talk to the boys.
  I'll see what I can do.
  Right.
  Maybe two tournaments of chocolates.
  Man, this is such a low energy ending.
  I know.
  I was honestly true.
  We did crash.
  All right.
  The top 10 reasons why you're cheating.
  Pennsylvania.
  Okay.
  Milk chocolate.
  Why you threw the pens out the window?  Just to keep the energy up.
  Give your Twitter out.
  Tell everyone where to find you.
  Find me at Evan Susser.
  And that's it.
  Rent fist fight on all your digital on demand.
  Your red box.
  Yeah.
  And keep listening to this.
  Yeah.
  Listen to us.
  Hey, podcast the right at Gmail and on Twitter at podcast the right.
  And we have Instagram.
  That's the same thing.
  And then do all that and tell your friends about it and rate us on iTunes and say, oh,  we're great.
  Say we're fine.
  He never lapses.
  Yeah.
  And only no criticisms, even if constructive.
  No, no, thank you.
  No, thank you enough of that to ourselves.
  Just keep it only positive.
  We're perfect.
  Goodbye.
