 Warning, today's podcast may include forged Make-A-Wish Foundation documents, goat parades,  and the judgmental, omnipresent eyes of the Lorax.
  You must be spayed and neutered to listen to our discussion of the Cat in the Hat with  Jenny Nicholson on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a theme park podcast hosted by three men who, if they do  decide to have children, will name their kids after country bears.
  I will name my firstborn son Tennessee Bear, so I guess Tennessee Bear Carlson.
  Joining me as always, Scott Gairdner.
  Are you, was that a panicked face of like, can you name another country bear?  Is Trixie one of them?  Yes!  Yes, Trixie is one of them.
  Well, if it's because I thought of it, then that's, if it's a boy or a girl, you're stuck  with Trixie.
  Yes, Jason Sheridan also here.
  Can you name, this has now turned into like a trivia contest.
  Yeah, I will be cursing my child with the name Big Al right out the gate, because I  mean statistically they're also likely to be very short.
  Uh huh, sure, so Big Al will also be a shorter gentleman.
  Big Al will also be a, yeah, it's like when you call a really tall guy Tiny as a nickname.
  But it's like an ironic nickname.
  Yeah, it's fun.
  Yeah, it's fun.
  They'll have a conversation start.
  But it's gonna say Big on the birth certificate?  It's not even a nickname, you're just established as a baby?  Um, yeah, I guess I'll have to like figure that out, or it will just be Al and then Big  in quote, will a birth certificate put quotes like in the middle of a name?  I don't know, parentheticals or like notes that tell you like, maybe if you want, use  this.
  Yeah.
  It's a suggestion really.
  They gotta be more efficient than that.
  So let me introduce our guest, who I'm pretty sure can name all of the country bears.
  I'm not gonna put her on the spot, but I'm pretty sure you know her from her pop culture  centric YouTube channel.
  It's probably our most off requested guest.
  It's Jenny Nicholson, ladies and gentlemen.
  How is your country?  You know all of them, right?  Oh, I know a lot of them.
  I mean, nobody went for Henry, the host, the Sunbonnet Trio, Swinging Teddy Beara.
  Of course.
  Um, let's see, Liverlips McGraw.
  Of course.
  And I think that that's exhausted my knowledge.
  I think Zeke and Zeb are some, uh, I can't, what are the names of the one with the one  stringed guitar?  Oh yeah.
  Who is that guy?  Or the washboard?  Oh yeah.
  I think Tennessee Bear.
  Or the kid, the sad kid bear who doesn't sing or contribute much.
  Oh yeah.
  People are mad now.
  I know him mostly from the Vacation Hoedown.
  Yeah.
  He factors more into that one.
  He was a bigger character in that canon.
  Okay.
  Still very popular in Japan, Vacation Hoedown.
  Oh, I know.
  They get merch of it and everything.
  Yeah.
  And I think they get the Christmas layover.
  Yeah.
  They get everything.
  Japan loves the country bears.
  It's sad how much America doesn't like the country bears as much as Japan.
  Cause the country bears is like the greatest show on earth.
  Although whenever I go, cause it's still in Florida and it's always full when I go and  people clap along and stuff.
  I was there two weeks ago, but there was not clapping and I was upset about it.
  Yeah.
  You didn't get an old enough crowd.
  That's true.
  They were young and they didn't know what these hillbilly bears.
  Not southern or old enough to.
  You should have stood up and started ranting about that.
  Like that whole president's guy.
  Yeah.
  Wait, did that happen?  The guy who started booing Trump and like treason, sir, you are destroying the fabric  of.
.
.
  But if yeah, if you'd done that for.
.
.
  Is this a hoedown or not?  Did he think the robot was real?  The hoedown incorporates claps.
  Did he think the robot was like real and going to respond?  I don't know.
  People were literally yelling at him.
  It's not real.
  Come on, man.
  We paid a lot of money and it's hot and we're tired.
  Stop doing this.
  Yeah.
  There's a lot of Midwesterners in Disney world.
  I don't know if you want to go there to air your grievances.
  Maybe not at that place.
  You might get ganged up on.
  They should make a Trump for California just for people to yell at.
  Like know that that's where it's.
.
.
  Just put him behind the counter at city hall.
  He takes complaints, I guess.
  And is very.
.
.
  Kurt doesn't accept them.
  It's a durable robot too.
  So you can touch, you can hit it.
  You can throw things at it.
  Oh, then put it in an arcade.
  Bring back the arcade in Tomorrowland.
  Oh yeah.
  Well they need that for storage, I guess.
  The most expensive storage space in the country.
  A lot of Star Wars crates in there.
  A lot of crates, yeah.
  A lot of unsold.
.
.
  Who's the evil BB-8?  What's his name?  BB-9E!  What?  Unsold?  Excuse me.
  I think you're going to beat us at character names.
  Yeah, maybe.
  Most people that come on the podcast are like, God, these nerds.
  These nerds know all these characters.
  But I think you might beat us in a trivia contest.
  I might.
  It might happen.
  Like, you know all the.
.
.
  You are big Captain EO.
  You know.
.
.
  Oh yeah.
  Got Fuzzball and Hooter.
  I don't know the two-headed one though.
  Oh, it's Major and Minor Domo.
  Oh!  Wait, no, no, no.
  ID and OD are the two.
  ID and OD.
  And Major Domo is the robot that turns into the drum set.
  Yes.
  And did you know who the villain is called?  It's in the back of Major Domo.
  The villain?  The villain.
  She just the evil.
.
.
  She is a George Lucas character named the Supreme Leader.
  So that's Snoke's backstory in Captain EO.
  Oh wow, you're right.
  Hiding in plain sight.
  Supreme Leader.
  Is it a universe connect?  Same person.
  It's the Supreme Leader.
  That shimmery gold robe is from the end when she turned good.
  But then she became ugly and lost her faith again.
  Oh, okay.
  This is just a J.
J.
  Abrams mystery box thing.
  And he just like set up and then he's like, fuck you, I'm out of here.
  Even after 30 years, the Supreme Leader would never turn evil again.
  Not after that dance number.
  She's still got the rhythm in her bones.
  So Jenny, you talk about all this stuff on your channel.
  Whenever I can find an excuse.
  Yes.
  You just recently reviewed Escape from Tomorrow.
  Yes.
  The bane of my existence.
  Yeah, it's dog shit.
  It's real bad.
  Yeah, for those of you who don't know, it's the movie that was like touted like shot inside  Disney World and Disneyland and it's like a gorilla movie and then you see it and it's  like not many shots, that many shots are actually inside and they sort of make things look like  they're there, but it's clearly just a bench and like a green screen.
  Well, they do a bit of green screen, but I'd say like 70% is in the park.
  Really?  It's that much?  But it's, I mean, that doesn't help its badness.
  I was in California because I got kicked out of Florida.
  That bothered me.
  They didn't get kicked out.
  They ran out of money.
  Oh, they ran out of money.
  They only bought like a week in Florida.
  Okay, so kicked out by a budget.
  Yeah, so then they had to come back and film where it's cheaper in their home park.
  But then they have to know that some of the only people who are going to see this curiosity  gimmick movie are super Disney nerds who will either wonder how they do it or get mad at  it.
  And so like there's shots that cut from Disneyland stuff to Disney World stuff and back and forth.
  Yeah, I almost felt like that served it in a way because it is a horror movie.
  So you're like, oh, what Toontown is right in front of the submarine lagoon?  What is this?  It's like a horrible dream where things rearrange in your brain.
  Nothing makes sense.
  It's a weird, like supernatural park.
  But I know that wasn't on purpose.
  It was just for budget reasons.
  So he doesn't get any cookies for that.
  No benefit of the doubt.
  I was glad you threw, I watched your video as well, and I was glad you threw the guy  under the bus, the director.
  Oh, I hate him.
  And you just referred to him as some guy.
  Yeah, some guy Randy Moore.
  I appreciated that because I got, this what came out what in 2013, something like that?  I think so.
  And it seemed to be riding this wave of festival Fangoria.
  Like people were, like it was buzzed about because oh my God, how did they get away with  it?  And is this guy like the new David Lynch or the new Aronofsky?  And you watch it and it is the flattest Vimeo you've ever seen.
  And like cat flu.
  Cat flu is jaw droppingly stupid.
  A lot of that movie reminds me, like there's some very easy, like the easiest like low  bar jokes like about Disney stuff is like, oh yeah, what is it?  A Coke cost $20?  Like, it's like, come on, man.
  That's like the laziest shit.
  Like you can do a little better than that.
  There's definitely things worth critique.
  I think most, most like theme park blogs and news sites are like pretty open about like,  yeah, Disney should be paying their employees a lot more.
  Like you just give out your dumb stunt bonuses, dumb like tax cut bonuses.
  Stop holding them up.
  Oh, I know.
  And they're holding their union negotiations hostage before they get the bonuses.
  It's horrible.
  Yeah.
  Everyone, everyone's like, yeah, this, this is like worth criticizing when people are  like, oh yeah, uh, uh, uh, what are the wait four hours?  The lines are so long.
  Four hours for space mountain.
  And it's like, come on, you can like, it takes a second to look up this.
  Like have you ever been anywhere?  Like baseball games, movie theaters, airport.
  This is what it's like.
  This is everywhere.
  So it's an odd criticism specifically.
  For $11 for a glass of wine.
  Almost everywhere.
  That is the case.
  Have you gone to a baseball game in the last 15 years?  Well, and he thinks it's like an expose like, well, they're selling you dreams, but they  just want your money.
  And you're like, it's a theme park.
  Yeah, I know.
  Kind of always been the point.
  It's inherently exploitative, but that doesn't mean they're trying to like pull one over  on you.
  Yeah.
  I have a very, uh, I don't know if I've ever shared this story about escape from tomorrow,  uh, from my own life.
  Uh, when it came out, they did a free screening at, uh, Cine family, uh, which was a popular  destination for people to see, uh, the vibe, vibe theater.
  Yeah, I was going to say, and also a popular place for, uh, sexual harassers and abusers  to work at.
  Um, uh, uh, yeah, so they, they would do free screenings of smaller movies.
  Um, but you either had to like members got him first and whatever was left over, he had  to wait in line.
  And I got down there like pretty early before and I D I don't live that close to it.
  And I waited for about 20 minutes.
  They're like, all right, we'll fill up.
  Oh my God.
  It was popular.
  Yeah.
  It was, it was packed because I mean partially because that screening was free, but like  it's like, all right, I guess I'll, well, and also all the buzz was that if you don't  see it now, you'll never see it.
  Oh yeah.
  It's going to get shut down by Disney.
  You have to see it today.
  Yeah.
  Those Disney lawyers, they're going to repel in from the ceiling.
  Yeah.
  And they're going to grind up all the copies and put it into the churros.
  Yeah, they're going to somehow stop it from hitting the internet, you know, a full film.
  They really, maybe the best move Disney's made in the, like the smartest, most savvy  thing they've done in, in the last decade is just decide to ignore it.
  Well, yeah.
  Honestly, I think if it was better, they wouldn't have been able to resist trying to shut it  down, but I think they watched it and they were like, it's fine.
  Yeah.
  No one's going to remember this.
  It's worth anyone's time.
  And it's interesting to compare to now after the Florida project came out, which I don't  want to spoil for anyone, but the, the parks do play a role in the movie and it's very  moving and I thought, well done.
  Like comparatively in a similar fashion.
  Anything versus escape.
  Well, but yes, anything, but it's just like, well, this is how you, yeah, this is how you  The only time I, this is a side note, the only time I've been in a Cine Family was to  see a Rip Taylor documentary and Mr.
 Taylor was there and I'll tie it into Disney because  he did the genie's voice in DuckTales, Legend of the Last Lamp or whatever that lamp movie.
  I loved that movie.
  It was great.
  I, was that in theaters or was that?  Yes, it was.
  Okay.
  Did it launch the series or come after?  It launched it, right?  It was after.
  Or in the middle.
  I think it was, I think the show started in the 86, 87.
  It was like that animation where like it was slightly better, like that Jetsons movie where  you're like, it looks better.
  It's still like, like 70 minutes.
  It's still like too short, but it's good.
  It's like a great movie.
  And then it ends with like just hearing the theme song coming out of like movie speakers  is so good.
  Cause it's such a good thing.
  You can hear like a nice mix of the theme.
  Not in the shitty 80s or 90s television.
  It's big and grand.
  Yes.
  That is a perfect song for theater speakers.
  Like a horn line as powerful as Indiana Jones, perhaps.
  That's high praise.
  I love the DuckTales theme.
  Love the DuckTales theme.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Well, and I don't think, I don't know when it came out in theaters, but I didn't see  it in theaters, but my dad had like a home theater set up that we always watched it on  and we had it on LaserDisc.
  And then he wanted to get rid of our LaserDisc player.
  And I was like, you have to keep the player and the DuckTales LaserDisc.
  You can get rid of everything else.
  And he was like, well, no, I'm not going to keep the machine for this one.
  And I was like, we need DuckTales.
  It's the best one we have.
  So we kept it?  Yeah.
  Okay, good.
  Of course.
  Thank God.
  Or at least he may have gotten rid of it and not told me that could happen too.
  That happens a lot when we're kids.
  Parents just disappear things and you don't even remember.
  That was one I don't think I saw it in theaters either, but I did watch that VHS a lot.
  And another movie with a very similar, like the show was out for a while and then they  made a movie that looked a little better was the Batman Mask of the Phantasm.
  Sure.
  Which is, I don't, is that the best Batman movie?  I'll say yes.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  Of any better than the Burton or?  It's kind of better, I think.
  But that's a whole nother movie.
  Better than the Dark Knight?  It's probably, the cartoon?  I don't know.
  I've seen it, but it is a, Scott, it's a very good cartoon.
  I know, very dismissive of calling it a cartoon.
  It's certainly in the top three.
  I will say top three.
  I'd give you that.
  I might say it's like, there's returns, Dark Knight, Phantasm.
  But this isn't Justin Michael's Batman the Animated podcast.
  No it's not, it's Podcast the Ride.
  Podcast the Ride.
  So Jenny, you were a former cast member.
  Yes.
  Our first former cast member.
  How is that possible?  There's cast members everywhere in SoCal.
  Well that's true.
  Everyone's gone through that.
  Scott was a tour guide at Universal Studios.
  Oh, oh nice.
  So that's the closest, but.
  But not the Disney magic though.
  I was, I'm a friend of Woody Woodpecker I guess, but not.
  Not the mouse.
  No, no, no, I never met the mouse.
  So I've written some questions down.
  These are the first things that popped into my head.
  So as a cast member, my first question would be like, is it, does it make you appreciate  the magic more or a little less?  Obviously you still love Disney and you love the parks and everything, but is there a factor  into that or does it make you like it more because you're sort of part of the magic then?  I think it made me like it the same amount.
  I think I was a huge Disney nerd when I went in.
  I have seen it go both ways.
  I've seen a lot of people go and work there and then get burnt out.
  And I think that's part of it is like you have to kind of leave before you get burnt  out on it.
  But then again, I'd have people where they'd be like, you know, oh, you're still so into  Disney, like that'll go away.
  And I'd be like, how long have you been working here?  And they'd be like two months.
  And I'd be like, I've been here for a year.
  So I don't think, I don't think it's just that I'm waiting to get jaded at this point.
  But the one thing I did notice was a difference is that after I stopped working there, I literally  bought my annual pass the day after I quit because my family was visiting across that  time.
  So I was like, well, I'm getting it right now.
  I quit yesterday and now I have my annual pass.
  But it was like, it's so different visiting only as a guest than visiting as a cast member  on your day off.
  Because I think you do kind of feel even though no one's really going to know, you feel like  you have to be on your best behavior and you feel like you might run into people that you  know still.
  Now that I haven't been working there for a little while, I feel more like I'm just  a normal guest and maybe I'm getting that pass holder entitledness back where you feel  like you're going to get better service.
  We have that.
  We all have that.
  And then you're like, oh, do you go like, I've been waiting for 30 minutes and they're  like, but you can come tomorrow.
  You can just come back.
  And you're like, well, I have a pad.
  They're like, yeah, a million people have a premium pass holder.
  Yes.
  There must only be 70 of us or so.
  Right?  We're on the top tier.
  It is interesting.
  I feel like that's what the jobs like.
  This is when I was younger, I worked at the container store in Shomberg, Illinois.
  And I do recall after working there for a while, I had an ownership over the place.
  You sort of feel like, well, this is my place and I belong.
  You walk in there on your day off and you'd be like, hell yeah, I know where everything  goes.
  And then after you're done working there, you're like, what was wrong with me?  I do feel like I still get that sometimes where you'll go in, like not being a cast  member and still want to like yell at people who are breaking the rules.
  Oh, we have that too, though.
  Like a walkway gets stopped and you'll be like, where's the GSO lead?  Who's letting this happen?  But you know, you just have to be like, okay, whatever.
  There are people that mistreat the parks and I think we'll be like in line and be like,  have you seen this?  Yeah.
  You'll be like, why isn't that me stepping in?  I was just at Florida and I saw the Little Mermaid show.
  Have you guys seen that?  Yes.
  And I just saw it again two weeks ago.
  It was my first time seeing it.
  I didn't know it was so puppet centric.
  It was like the best thing I did all day in Hollywood studios, which is a low bar to clear.
  But at the moment, yeah.
  One of the two attractions currently.
  But yeah, you know, you need to walk all the way in and go all the way down the row, even  if you're not sitting in the middle.
  And this gentleman behind us and his child had stopped in the middle and the cast member  was like, move all the way down, sir.
  And he didn't because he was just being a typical guest.
  And she started like absolutely losing her mind.
  She was like, sir, please, please, sir.
  And she's like, when someone asks you to do something, you do it.
  And she like seemed like she was going to start crying.
  And I was just looking around like, where's her lead?  Who's allowed?  Yeah, because that was awkward.
  He was the problem.
  And then she immediately became the problem.
  She met him on his level where she she raised the stakes and everyone in the whole theater  was just silent and watching this drama play out.
  Yeah.
  Like we were all looking around like, where are the other cast members?  And I was just like, this is not appropriate.
  We went into the first musical number with a very odd mood in the theater.
  Yeah.
  We watched this cast member like storm out of the room crying in anger.
  And then Sebastian pops up like under dust.
  With like the little snail puppets.
  It was a weird vibe.
  Very strange.
  I got to work a little harder at the top, Mon.
  Get the crowd back.
  Tough thing to follow.
  They said they're not to warm it up.
  Were you with me at the opening of Cars Land?  And Cars Land was a mess.
  The Radiator Springs Racer, the big opening weekend and the following weekend.
  So yeah, so there was a whole mess and there might have been like it might have been down  or fast passes.
  There was some problem.
  And there was a cast member screaming at everyone.
  And we went up to another cast member and they were like, they're from Florida.
  And it was like a whole thing of like, uh.
  I think it is a different training protocol there.
  Well, I think that weather, that Florida weather can just drive anyone to madness.
  And it's such a big park.
  I think people slip through the cracks in training.
  Oh yeah.
  Higher turnover with the college program being a bigger presence out there.
  So I think Florida is really different.
  Sometimes for the worse, but it makes it more exciting.
  It's like the wild west.
  Yeah.
  I also got yelled at in Pandora because I stopped to take a picture in the queue of  Flight of Passage, which is beautiful.
  This guy was like, it's not a photo shoot.
  And I was like, can you imagine an imagineer who like sculpted all this by hand?  Like they're going to feel like they're there.
  They're going to think it's amazing.
  And it's like, stop being dazzled by our alien.
  That was also a photo shoot in this day and age.
  The park is giant.
  The whole park is a photo shoot.
  That was a cast member?  Yeah.
  Wow.
  That's very odd.
  I think he was working the line of Flight of Passage.
  Yeah.
  I mean, the nice way is like, oh, can you step to the side if you want to take a picture?  Yeah, because the company is not going to like to hear that because the pictures on  Instagram and Twitter and stuff are free marketing.
  That's part of the experience is to be so impressed by what you're seeing that you want  to keep a memory of it.
  But I don't know, it kind of became like an in-joke with my friend and I like whenever  one of our phones came out, we'd be like, ma'am, it's not a photo shoot.
  Ma'am, please.
  If you had Imagineer of Pandora, Joe Rode, he's listening to this.
  He's crushed his can of whatever he's drinking.
  And he's just like, I have to make a call.
  Yeah, that guy's getting fired.
  They'll find him somehow.
  He's going to have to come undercover boss and just pose as a regular cast member.
  The earring is so subtle.
  It'll be really easy.
  It's very Disney look.
  He'll have to disguise it like he'll put prosthetics over it or something.
  And he'll go to the back of his ear and wear a mullet wig.
  Oh, that's a good idea.
  Yeah, you're going to need a wig.
  There's going to need some wig work.
  This is just a dreadlock.
  Exactly.
  So, Jenny, what did you do?  What was your.
.
.
  I had two different roles.
  I was there for about three years total, I think.
  So for the first half of my time, I was Circle D, which is the horses primarily, but it was  the petting farm animals when we still had that.
  It's also the dogs at the kennel.
  So it's literally anything alive that works at the resort.
  This was before my time, but they used to handle the birds that would open the Jungle  Cruise in the morning and then live in the cages there.
  They would be the ones that brought them out and back.
  I also, I guess for a time there were spiders somewhere.
  I want to say it was in a bugs land.
  They had like display spiders or maybe it was at the end of Tarzan's tree house or something,  but they took care of the spiders too.
  I don't think I knew about the birds, real birds in the jungle.
  Yeah, they used to have in the cages hanging in the queue, like in the office area, they  would leave birds in there.
  And then every morning when the jungle opened, they would bring out a bird on their arm and  be like, let's open the jungle for the day.
  Oh, interesting.
  But all before my time.
  But I did know the cast members that owned the birds that had taken them home.
  And then after that I transferred because I was upset that the petting farm was closing.
  It was my favorite location.
  Did you do the running of the goats?  Oh yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  That was my jam.
  That was my favorite thing.
  Yeah.
  So, so, uh, they, yeah, in the back of Disneyland, basically there were goats and during the  daytime they would be out and you could pet them and would you feed them with it?  That's not allowed.
  We wouldn't feed them there.
  Goats have like very, they have multiple stomachs, so they digest for a long time.
  So they would get a large breakfast in the morning and then at the end of the day they  would go home for their dinner.
  That's why they ran.
  Their motivation was they knew that dinner was waiting.
  Oh, that's about how I live my life.
  That's how you train a goat.
  That's how you train Jason too.
  Yeah.
  Sorry, set the scene here.
  You never saw the running of the goats?  Oh, they never have.
  And so for anyone else who hasn't, can you narrate this?  This is Jason's second favorite thing to do at Disneyland.
  It's so good.
  I would, every time I was in the park would go and pet the goats.
  The goats are amazing.
  Who's your favorite goat?  Uh, all of them.
  I couldn't choose a favorite.
  Okay, you don't know any of their names.
  No, I didn't learn any names.
  Scoot number one, round three of the trivia contest.
  I know, I bet I could still name all the goats.
  I had my favorite.
  Oh yeah, name some goats.
  Go for it.
  Oh, we had, um, we had a Medusa and a Leota.
  They were, um, our spooky goat sisters.
  We had Penny and Jane.
  They were the white goats.
  Um, Pongo, we had Lock, Shock and Barrel.
  The triplets, they were my favorite.
  They were very cuddly.
  What were Lock, Shock and Barrel from?  The Nightmare, uh,  Um, yeah, Nightmare Before Christmas.
  And Lock was the sweetest goat.
  I forgot about Madame Leota and I was like, there's a goat named after Ray Liotta?  Yeah, Ray Liotta.
  That's an interesting.
.
.
  One of Disney's legends, Ray Liotta.
  Yeah, Disney legend Ray Liotta.
  And he said Penny and Jane.
  We had, uh, Lilo and Stitch and, um, Mulan was the mother of Lilo and Stitch.
  Did they all actively, uh, were they in pairs or is it siblings when they're all.
.
.
  It's a lot of sibling groups and goats have really strong family bonds.
  Um, we also got Bernard and Bianca.
  They were babies.
  The last year the farm was open and, um, our two sheep were Thunder and Bolt.
  Oh, very cool.
  That's nice.
  Um, so the running, can you explain this then?  Yeah, so every night at closing we would close the main gate where people enter the petting  farm that like closes it off from the park.
  And then we would move all the guests that wanted to stay to watch the running of the  goats over toward the cabin so they were clear of the path.
  And then we would just open the gate and all the goats would like, know to run in a straight  line all the way backstage and all the way over the berm and back to their farm.
  They would go like a distance too.
  You would think like when I would see it.
.
.
  Way backstage too.
  So it was a while.
  Right.
  Like I would, I would see it and I would be like, why doesn't one just peel off and head  to fantasy land?  Like it's weird that they know.
.
.
  That's another thing is they're such like social creatures is they always prefer to  follow the group.
  So you would usually have the one dominant goat on a lead and then the cast member leading  the run.
  Um, and that one would be usually lock or barrel.
  And when Pongo, before he retired, it was always Pongo.
  He was like our patriarch.
  Um, so you would put the biggest one on a lead and then all the goats would follow the  leader goat.
  Pongo was the glue, like Phil Hartman on SNL.
  Pongo was a great goat.
  Pongo was the leader of the cast.
  Pongo would always like get on the high barrels.
  So usually when you see someone has a picture with a goat, it would be Pongo.
  Um, but he retired, he was getting really old.
  So okay.
  And what, what became of all of this?  What happened to all these other, because this is, uh, I'm correct, right?  This is the area that is now a Star Wars Galaxy's Edge.
  So what, what, uh, where are the goats today?  The goats, um, the goats when I was there that would retire, they could, they would  just kind of go usually in sibling pairs.
  Although Pongo got adopted off by himself.
  Um, but they would either go in like ones or twos, um, just to cast members who wanted  them or friends of cast members, former cast members.
  And then we were really lucky that when the farm closed, all of the goats went to the  same family who were like former cast members.
  They live out in Marietta and they have like a big farm property.
  So they took not only all the goats, but also the two donkeys.
  Oh wow.
  And then the cow went to a different cast member.
  I hated the cow.
  She was the meanest little cow.
  She's just such a mean creature.
  The cow's not bothering all the goats you like.
  That's great.
  Well, and she was always in her own pen, but um, she's still mad about the reception of  home on the range.
  I think so.
  I think it was part of it.
  But um, and they had a bigger cow named after one of those cows, I think Daisy or something.
  She was before I was there.
  I heard she was really sweet, but we had a miniature cow named Clarabelle and I don't  know if it's a cow thing or a miniature cow thing, but she was so aggressive.
  Like the only time she seemed happy was when she was attacking people or destroying things.
  Wow.
  And she was like her low center of gravity made her like the perfect height to try to  knock you over and then kick you in the face.
  The cow would try to knock you over.
  Oh yeah.
  And then you're trying to like kind of manhandle her.
  That's the only way to like move a cow.
  They're not like horses.
  They have really big skulls.
  So you can't just put a halter on and have leverage.
  You have to like get them in the nose.
  You have to like grab or hit their nose to stop them from like hurting you.
  But um, guests would be watching.
  So you'd have to be like gentle and be like, Oh, she just wants to play.
  And they'd be like, look at the baby cow.
  And you're like, no, it's like that movie, the orphan.
  This is like a middle aged cow.
  She's just small.
  She's not a baby.
  She's an adult.
  She's like a scary woman and a cow's body.
  Did they give you like lines to say when you were like trying to aggressively wrestle a  cow?  And some people weren't coy about it.
  They were just like, she's being a brat.
  And they'd like hit her in the face.
  But I would always be like, Oh, Clarabelle's a silly cow.
  You're trying to like smile as you're like trying to keep an eye on the cow so she doesn't  like kill you.
  Um, but, and then we would also bring the horses out that work on main street.
  We'd bring them for one hour sets where we would just keep them in the little pen there  and people could pet them over the fence.
  Oh, wow.
  And then of course we'd get people like, his home is so small, this poor horse.
  And you're like, he's only here for an hour.
  Or you can tell because the whole time he's here, there's a person with him holding him  on a halter.
  Like, do you think that's his life?  Like there's always a human holding his face.
  And then at the same time, guests would be like, when it's time for the horse to go home  and get lunch or get some water, they'd be like, I didn't like my kids didn't get to  pet him yet.
  And it's like, well, do you want the horse to stay here in the heat or do you want the  horse to be happy?  It's like, you can't have both.
  It is crazy to think about Disney having, this is the thing that like in the parks,  that discipline that you may not think about, just as like an average guest, it's like,  oh, there's a massive livestock operation going on behind the scenes.
  It's huge.
  It was five acres backstage.
  Wow.
  And that would include the big arena where the horses would exercise.
  And then we also had an automated hot walker.
  We called it the panel walker because it had like large panel doors and then a full barn  with all the horses and a full outside stall accommodation.
  So if it was cold, we'd bring them in and if not, they would stay outside and have fresh  air.
  So it was massive.
  And then a smaller barn for the goats and the barn animals.
  It sounds nice.
  It seems like a good place for animals to live.
  It was.
  I think it was like, it was nice space.
  It didn't feel as much like a barn because it was kind of surrounded by those backstage  roads.
  So it felt a little like a lot of concrete, not a lot of like nice natural farmland you'd  picture for animals.
  So I think the new facility they have out on Norco is like a lot more pleasant for a  horse, even though it is really inconvenient and far away.
  They have to walk really, where is it?  It's in Norco.
  So it's like, I don't know.
  Where is that?  I don't know the area, but it's called horse town USA.
  It's a very horsey area.
  That's literally what Norco is called.
  Really?  It's pretty delightful.
  Wow.
  Was there ever a, like a, like were there problems?  Was there ever like an animal that like wandered somewhere shouldn't like, or is it just such  a lockdown system that though animals know what to do?  It's pretty locked down.
  I mean, with anything you'll have like accidents, like, you know, sometimes you'd have a horse  that's like pulling the street car and tries to go the wrong direction.
  If it's like a newbie horse or like they might spook, but there's such large horses that  even if they spook, they might trot.
  They just don't have the energy to want to like run away with anyone.
  Which is what I like about draft horses.
  So I don't know.
  I heard about stuff before I went there.
  Did you have any interaction with the cats of Disneyland?  Yeah, that was another part of the operation was, um, not interacting with them so much,  but we would leave out food for the Disneyland cats in like backstage cat kennels at key  locations.
  So you'd go around your little like golf cart and restock their food.
  And the purpose of that was like, firstly, so they're not begging guests for food.
  Cause that can be like a safety concern for everybody.
  But the main function was to make sure they weren't carrying disease because to access  the cat kennels, they had to like crawl through this fuzzy tube that was lined with flea repellent.
  Oh wow.
  Yeah.
  And then every couple of months they would not leave out the food.
  And then at night they would put out traps with like more delicious food and then they  would trap, um, vaccinate, spay, neuter and release.
  So if you see the cats in the park, if they have like a notch in their ear, that means  they've been successfully trapped and spayed, neutered, vaccinated.
  And if they don't have the notch, it's like a wily cat that's been avoiding the traps.
  That's crazy.
  Interesting.
  This is a little hidden Mickey game you play.
  Yeah.
  There you go.
  For the, for the, those of you who don't know, there are cats that, they call them feral  cats, but not really feral, right?  They're pretty feral.
  How are they?  I mean, some of them are friendly and they'll come up to people, especially the old ones.
  Anytime I'm at the Disneyland hotel, I see at least one or two cats walking around the property.
  They're pretty friendly.
  The best place to see them is the rivers of America or by Grizzly River Run.
  They're usually like in the plants and most of them are pretty shy.
  So you just kind of observe them from a distance, but they're pretty cool.
  They're kept there though, to keep mice away.
  Is that real?  Is that really the purpose or they're just there?  I mean, there's, there's that urban legend that that's how they got there in the first  place, but as it is now, the company's not intentionally trying to keep them there.
  They're just trying to keep them healthy and control the population.
  Interesting.
  So they're not carrying disease.
  And I think the, the thinking is that the capture, spay and release is considered a  better option for population control than removing them from the area because then they'll  just like have more babies to fill the void in the ecosystem, I guess.
  But yeah, when they are able to catch kittens when they're cat trapping or if they catch  one and notice that it's like really friendly and really adapted to humans, they'll just  adopt them out to cast members.
  Wow.
  But are we sure that Disney isn't just using these cats to concoct a secret formula of  cat flu?  I think it is kind of like symbiotic though, because you don't see a lot of rats at Disneyland.
  Right.
  When you said more delicious food, uh, do you know what brand?  Uh, like do they go with like a normal Iams and then they go with like a, like a real  piece of meat?  I think it is like real meat when it's the trapping nights or just like a more premium  brand.
  I wasn't one of the cat trappers.
  That was like an optional position you could train in if you wanted to work very late shifts.
  Wow.
  Really?  I heard it was very fun because you would, it would just be you and another cast member  cruising around in the golf cart all night.
  It's really chill.
  You get to go in weird areas of the park because they trap along the rivers of America, but  it wasn't a knowledge that I ever bothered to pick up while I was there.
  Could you hire right into that job?  Because that's a job I feel like I would like to do for like a couple weeks.
  For just cat trapping?  Just cat trapping.
  It has to be part of the other livestock.
  All the animals are the same job.
  So first and foremost, it's going to be the horse knowledge that they look for.
  Jason and I and like safari hats and a golf cart.
  Well yeah, all white.
  I know, it sounds fun, right?  All white giant nets.
  Like full on Looney Tunes dog catcher.
  I think they did have at least one large net, but I don't think that was usually what was  helping them catch the cat.
  I think it was a backup plan.
  That's a great idea.
  You can put on the table.
  Revolutionize the system.
  And like show up at City Hall one day with giant nets and like, hello.
  It was funny because you would get people asking if they could leave their cats there.
  Like if you worked a kennel shift, like you would get calls like, I found a stray cat.
  Can I like drop it off there?  Because I know you guys have a cat program and it's like, no, we're not, we're not taking  your cats and turning them loose.
  Yeah, this is not a shelter.
  This is not a rescue.
  You hear rumors like, oh, Disneyland trains the cats and then every night they play a  bell and the cats all run to their kennels.
  Like we're like a pied piper of cats or something.
  I think I've heard that.
  Yeah.
  What do you think they are, goats or something?  Yeah, they're not trained.
  They're super feral.
  Wow.
  And then the ones that are less feral, like I said, tend to get adopted out.
  So a lot of cast members take home cats.
  A lot of cast members will just grab a cat if they find a kitten and keep it, which they're  not supposed to do.
  They're supposed to go through the official channels.
  But do you hear about cast members like, yeah, I found a kitten and I took it home.
  It's like, you're going to get ringworm because you should have waited for them to vaccinate  at first.
  If we worked there, we would have told on those employees because we are good boys who  follow the rules.
  Good boys who follow the rules.
  Jenna, you were saying that there was another place you were, where was the other place  you worked on?  I transferred to guest relations, which is like, it's a couple of different things.
  It's the department that handles VIPs.
  It's the tours and it's complaints and information.
  A lot of complaints.
  Well, how'd that go?  I liked that one better.
  Oh really?  Yeah.
  I mean, I already knew that I didn't mind angry guests.
  I kind of liked handling the people who are really angry.
  And you would get that at the kennel a lot because I was like a lead at the kennel too.
  So if somebody gets turned away and they're like, well, I want to talk to your lead, you're  the one that gets to drive over there and be like, okay, here's why we're not letting  your dog into the kennel.
  And it would always be because they weren't vaccinated or they didn't bring their proof  of vaccination.
  But if people's vacations are at stake and they get there and find out they can't leave  their dog in the kennel, there can be a lot of emotions attached to that.
  But yeah, it never bothered me.
  So I was like, I could just do this all the time and listen to angry people.
  Did you find it to be sort of a test?  Could you have enough of a sunny Disney disposition enough to counter any anger you faced?  Yeah, it is kind of like a test.
  And also I think it's a good test of social anxiety, which I think I have sometimes to  just be like, I'll talk to strangers and not just any strangers, angry strangers.
  Furious people with potentially furious dogs.
  Yeah, exactly.
  So yeah, I liked dealing with difficult guests.
  And in fact, when I was at Circle D, if they were ever like, yeah, someone's really angry  down at the kennel, we need to send a lead.
  I'd be like, I'm free.
  I can go down there.
  Take care of that.
  That one is interesting because you are leaving a dog in a facility with people.
  One of the issues I think that people have with the Disney parks is guests, if you're  going, maybe spend five, 10 minutes on the computer, googling good things to do.
  People don't do any research.
  Because there's so much at stake, like I said.
  And it's like, you'd think you'd go on the website and find out exactly what you need.
  And we would work with people, like if their dog was in fact vaccinated, we would offer  to call their vet's office on their behalf.
  We had a fax machine there.
  We were like, they can fax or email us the papers.
  We'll print them here.
  We do have to wait until we get them to check you in though.
  And some people, it would become clear that they just didn't have the shots, in which  case we'd give them a list of like, here are local vets that'll do it today.
  You can just come back.
  Oh yeah.
  So we tried to work with them, but it's like, you know, if they came on a Sunday and their  vet's office wasn't open or if they didn't want to drive out and find a vet, it's like,  you know, people, if there's any wrench thrown in their plans, I think Disney vacations,  they cost so much and people plan for so long ahead of time that, like I said, there's a  lot of emotion in it.
  And I think that even if there's a solution that you're presenting to them, the fact that  they're going to have to delay going in for three hours and they didn't plan for that,  it can just get them in a tizzy really fast.
  Yeah.
  But I mean, I mean, I get when people are, sorry, I don't get when people are like, I  showed up at noon.
  What do you mean?  I can't just walk on every ride or get a table at like a restaurant immediately.
  Dog stuff is like, I guess in California, I just feel like people take better care of  their dogs, but it's like, that's quick.
  Cause you can't like, if something's wrong with the hotel room, yeah, you can move into  another room or like hit a button and it's like, okay, you got a dining credit or whatever,  but like it's a dog.
  Yeah.
  And with dog stuff, it's like, even if you're okay with your dog catching something and  getting sick, the kennel can get audited.
  It's like there are state regulations for what they have to have.
  So it's like, we straight up can't take the dog if it doesn't have the shots and the proof  of the shots.
  Like, is my dog cute enough for you to override all of that?  And we would get that.
  We would have people begging and yelling.
  And then there was one time I, I had to go down and talk to the angry, you know, wife.
  And then she called her husband and I had to talk to him too.
  And it was just like, I'll talk to all, I'll talk to your whole family, but we're not taking  the dog into the kennel.
  Give me your whole family and your disgusting disease ridden animal.
  I'll talk to the dog if it helps.
  Is that though, do you have a, in your head, like the top three, like worst one, like craziest  people to deal with?  Or do you have any memories of the worst or most intense situations?  I had a woman who called my lead at city hall a retard.
  Oh God.
  I know.
  And the reason she was trying to like con us into getting a park hopper and she was  in Disneyland and she said she needed to go to California adventure because they had those  chili cones at cars land.
  And she said that she was pregnant and that was all she wanted.
  And I was like, well, we have chili here.
  You can get gumbo, you can get chili.
  I will write you a voucher for a chili if it'll cheer you up.
  But she's like, no, I need to go into that park.
  And I was like, ma'am, it's 2 p.
m.
  If you park hop now, you will have gotten the value of a park hopper ticket.
  You can upgrade to it.
  But you know, maybe if you'd only been in the park for an hour, I could send you over  there and give you a one park ticket where you're just in that park.
  But if you've already had half the day in one park and then you go to the other, you  have park hopped.
  That is the value of a park hopper ticket.
  So you have to upgrade at that point.
  But she started off dealing with my manager and she was like yelling at him and I could  see him getting really mad back where he was like, ma'am, if you're not going to like respect  me and listen to me.
  And whenever you see people getting emotional, you're like, OK, I need to step in.
  Yeah.
  So I was like, oh, what's going on over here?  I can assist your guests.
  And he was like, OK.
  And she's like, yeah, I'm trying to get into California Adventure and this retard over  here.
  And I was just like, ma'am, if you're not going to be respectful, I'm not going to help  you.
  And she was like, OK, I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  It's like you can get mad at people a little bit if they're not using respectful language.
  You can be like, you can't say that in Disneyland.
  But then she just said it's soft spoken.
  And that was fun.
  And she didn't get her park hopper.
  I think I gave her like a fast pass to a ride or something.
  But she still came out on top.
  She did.
  Usually people leave with something and you at least want to make them feel that they've  been listened to and make them feel like they won.
  And then they're not angry.
  And it costs us nothing to give them a fast pass.
  So that's kind of fun about it, too, is it's city hall like you do have the power to  pretty much do anything for them.
  You can give them park hopper tickets if it's an appropriate situation for it, or you  can give them tickets to come back.
  You can get them seating sometimes if you pair up with the people arranging the seating  that night for like parades and shows.
  Fast passes, obviously, you could probably give out like 100 fast passes a day without  people being like you're giving out too many fast passes.
  So here's a hack for anyone listening.
  Go to get services.
  No, be difficult like a maniac.
  But people, they're like they know they know they've seen everything at that point.
  So it just does come down to like what the situation is and what feels appropriate.
  And that was what they really hammered in in training is they're like, is it possible?  Is it appropriate?  And then you kind of work from there.
  And it's so case by case that that's what I liked about it is like if you were stuck on  something, you could excuse yourself and talk to your lead and be like, here's what's going  on.
 What do you think I should do?  But usually, like no one would question your choices and you would just document  everything if you did give them free things.
  But yeah, you did feel like you had a lot of power to fix people's trips.
  So if it is like a person who's not scamming you, who's in there because they're having a  frustrating time, it did feel really good to like help them turn it around.
  So I liked that one.
  I liked it better than Circle D, I think.
  I like the idea that someone was yelling loudly about Chili in City Hall, which is a thing.
  Well, Walt would have felt the same.
  Chili is very important.
  Yeah.
 Speaking of City Hall on the podcast, we've we've started a little campaign to try to  make our very own Jason Sheridan the mayor of Disneyland, which is a position we were made  aware of.
 Did you ever have any interaction with the mayor of Disneyland?  I didn't even know that was a thing.
  What is the mayor of Disneyland?  It's a cast member.
  The one in Florida recently passed away.
  That's I'm just trying to find more information.
  Is there even actually a current mayor?  That's what I'm wondering.
  What does it entail?  So what happened was in 2014, we were at the anniversary, like whatever, 59th anniversary.
  And they said, ladies and gentlemen, the mayor of Disneyland and a man in the top hat.
  And so this is crazy that you've never met the mayor.
  So he comes out.
  He does a big ceremony.
  And I was like, oh, my God, there's a mayor and Jason should be the mayor in 20 years.
  So what did he do?  He just said, like, oh, welcome.
  Did he carry a key to Disneyland?  He just he was.
 Are you sure it wasn't just an eccentric man?  Somebody is somebody announced him.
  So that's how I knew it was official.
  Was it the voice of Disneyland?  Like a recording? Yes, it was a whole thing.
  And it was all ceremony with all the characters.
  And they said mayor of Disney.
 Yes.
  So was he an old man?  He seemed to make a wish.
  If he's like 18, I don't think so.
  Maybe it's make a wish foundation.
  So the reason I know I'm not crazy is 40 year old man.
  You're like, that's not.
  Well, if we need to go make a wish for you, then we can lie our way into getting you that.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, that's another bad guess.
  I have had people lie and say they're on make a wish trips that aren't because our department would handle that, too.
  But you would get the heads up about that.
  You would be well, I already have the list of all the guests that are coming.
  But I had a man come to one of our viewing sections with a forged make a wish email that had the letterhead and everything.
  Yeah.
 And I called back Chamber of Commerce, like, you know, is this family on the list?  And they were like, no.
  And that man started like yelling at my coworker.
  He had a girl there that was actually in like a motorized wheelchair.
  And it was like a legit one.
 It wasn't an e.
c.
v.
  It was an actual joystick operated wheelchair.
  So I was like, so she's got some medical condition.
  She's not on a make a wish trip.
  But I did give them viewing.
  We had like an extra standing room only section.
  And I was like, well, the child that's sick is already in a chair so I can put the family in the standing room section.
  The girl can go in the front.
 It's fine.
  But then he was angry about that.
  He's like, those guests get benches and and you want us to stand like we're garbage in the back.
  And I was like, it's an unobstructed view.
  And then there again, that was one situation where I had this coworker.
  She wasn't there long.
  She started like yelling back to him and she's like, I felt threatened.
  He had tattoos.
 And I was just like, I guess I shouldn't say her name, but I was just like, you know, her name.
  And I was like, go stand in the corner.
  I will take care of this guest because it's like you don't yell back to guests.
  It looks bad.
 It's not a good look.
  It's not a good way to handle it.
  Even in this, the darkest Disneyland story I've ever heard.
  Forging make a wish documents.
  He was mad.
 And it was sad.
 They missed the show.
  He ended up pulling his whole family out of the section.
  And he was like, I'm going to go complain.
  And I was like, OK, you can tell them my name's Jenny.
  You can tell them what happened.
 It's fine.
  Because I knew I was in the right.
  I'd already called on my management and everything.
  But it's like, you know, sometimes if you get a guest like that, you're just like, OK, he's going to yell at me for two minutes and see he's not going anywhere and just leave.
  So that's sometimes what it takes when you get people that are at that level.
  He'll lose his voice eventually.
  Yeah, he'll get frustrated yelling in circles with somebody that's not getting upset they're being yelled at.
  And it'll stop being satisfying and he'll leave.
  She didn't break at all.
  Her posture didn't change.
  Didn't melt to the puddle.
  I understand, sir.
 Yes, this must be very frustrating.
  You're welcome to go to Chamber of Commerce.
  Person in full plaid to have a breakdown from the yelling at you.
  Tears on plaid.
 That's what I wanted.
  To bring this back to the mayoral campaign, I think this should be, now that you're aware of this issue, Jason, I think that you should have a zero tolerance policy towards make a wish forgery.
  I think punishable by death.
  What method?  By death?  What method of execution?  Yeah, we got to figure that out.
  Drowning in the rivers of America.
  Walking the plank off the Columbia.
  Wearing like lots of like Disney mugs and piggy banks.
  Some oversized goofy shoes.
  Ah, sure.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Full of sand.
  Yeah.
  You could add a plank to the Mark Twain.
  Oh.
  Because Jason's favorite ride is the Mark Twain River.
  That would be classy, wouldn't it?  So yeah, it would be a nice painted white plank and then you can make the march right off.
  But everybody's in black.
  Yes.
  The contrast is striking.
  Because you need a visual like why Trump wants the wall.
  Sir, you have sinned and justice must be done.
  What if you're watching the finale of Fantasmic and then the boat hits the center in front of the audience and then they go, ladies and gentlemen, the mayor of Disneyland.
  We've got a real scumbag here.
  It's time to meet out some justice.
  Frontier justice.
  Yep.
  What do you think?  They would love that.
  Can you imagine the hush that would fall over the crowd?  And then, yeah, you have to repeat like, you know, 20 meters, 40 meters, Mark Twain.
  And then you push them off.
  It would be beautiful.
  Beautiful ceremony.
  And then the music picks back up.
  Yeah, the music.
  The dreams and yeah.
  And you know that as Mickey has defeated hypothetical made up evil, so has evil been defeated in our real world.
  By a real life Mickey S.
  Hero to the mayor of Jason.
  That said, any I will be very lenient on like old time bindle wearing carrying hobos.
  If they can get in the park, they're allowed to stripe whatever pie cooling.
  Yeah, they can, you know, if they're not allowed to carve their symbols saying like free pie or like they're not allowed to carve their hobo code in the park, but they are if they have chalk, they can use shock that washes away.
  But what if they steal that premium cat food?  In the cat trap.
  If they can fight for it, they can have it.
  Them's the rules of the road.
  All right.
  Yeah, I think that's fair.
  Turn it into a soup.
  I think this multi-billion dollar company can afford a little extra premium cat food.
  Give them a let them dig, let them put their bindle into the chili tank where the cones are filled and whatever you can fit in there and you can get out.
  Yeah, go chili fishing.
  Is there a chili tank that was there a job at Disney where you have to supervise a chili tank?  I mean, even backstage they had chili and it was Walt's chili because Walt loved his chili.
  Oh, really?  He did.
  He loved chili.
  He loved grilled cheese sandwiches.
  If you ever go up to his apartment, he has like a panini press for grilled cheese sandwiches.
  Yeah.
  He loved that.
  He was a simple man because he didn't grow up wealthy.
  So his family, it was a lot of like depression food.
  So they ate a lot of chili.
  He loved grilled cheeses and he also loved Tom and Jerry's in a departure from the studio.
  That was like his favorite alcoholic drink.
  Really?  Tom and Jerry.
  What's a Tom and Jerry?  I think it's some kind of hot beverage.
  Like it's a hot alcoholic beverage.
  I want to say it's like gin.
  I think you just straight up drink hot gin.
  Or like, I don't know, but it sounded gross when I heard the recipe.
  At Carthay on the menu, there's a-  The Walt's favorite drink.
  Scotch mist.
  And it's just scotch with an ice cube in it.
  And a lemon twist.
  It's really good.
  It is good, yeah.
  At the Walt Disney Family Museum in San Francisco, there is like an exhibit.
  It's really incredible.
  And there is, do you remember like the display case of like, here's the stuff Walt liked to have in the house?  And it was like jello diet custards and like chili.
  And there's debate about what his favorite kind of chili was, whether it was Hormel or a different brand of chili.
  We'll have two experts on to debate that one.
  Well they have their Disneyland recipe of Walt's chili.
  Yes, there is his classic chili.
  I have to assume that's like to his taste.
  And it's not very good.
  I got it once.
  It's not very good.
  We have to settle this debate.
  I'm tired of signing on to Twitter and what a divided-  Like Hormel chili.
  These, it's, we have to, if we don't learn how to speak to each other on this Walt chili issue, then how do we move forward?  I mean, they have all these other canned goods and replica goods at the museum of like, here's what he would send the housekeeper on shopping trips for, of like whipped, miracle, miracle whip.
  Miracle whip, just spooning it right onto the chili.
  Right, hot gin.
  Wash it down with a scone.
  Hot gin, miracle whip.
  Jason is such a Walt Disney fan.
  He, uh, he just eats exclusively from Walt's diet.
  Yeah.
  He's going to die very young.
  But happy.
  And mayor, and mayor of Disneyland.
  Yeah.
  Um, the only last, the last thing I had written down here.
  So when you're around the park, do you see, like, do you have interactions with, uh, the coolest, most famous people?  And by that, I mean, Walt Disney Imagineers.
  Not that much.
  I mean, they go on VIP tours, but they're not the ones that we would see the most often.
  But, um, yeah, I mean, it seems like the people who tell you they're Imagineers are like the ones that aren't really.
  We've, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  People who are eager to name drop.
  More lies.
  I didn't know Disneyland was such a park of lies.
  So Trump shows up a lot though.
  He'll just ride the main street vehicles.
  I actually saw him more as a circle D cast member than a VIP guide because our tour guide, I should say VIP was a different, um, distinction.
  But same at universal.
  Yeah.
  Extra set of training.
  I wasn't up for it.
  You wanted to do, if you wanted to do the scripted tours or the, um, the one-on-one tours, everyone would handle the guests and like a concierge degree or like for the VIP seating.
  But, um, you would decide if you wanted to train into doing the one-on-one tours.
  And I always found those really awkward.
  The idea of following around a stranger's family all day.
  I just, I didn't have the spoons for that.
  So I preferred the scripted ones, but, um, but yeah, I would see a lot more as circle D.
  I would see Rolly Crump because he loves to just ride the main street vehicles and then tell you that he made them.
  It's really cute.
  It's awesome.
  That's great.
  Uh, wow.
  Um, those dorkish delight.
  If you're ever looking for them in the park, just stare at the horse drawn street car.
  You might see it rolling by.
  You might show up at some point.
  That is like the high school student going back at the football game.
  Like I used to play here, by the way.
  I don't know.
  Sorry.
  Not really Crump, Bob Gurr.
  Look, I'm losing all my busy knowledge.
  Bob Gurr.
  He was the one that fathered all those famous vehicles.
  That round counted for all the points.
  Joke's on you.
  We're up again.
  Or we're tied.
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  You guys are like, we all knew that.
  We were just waiting for you to catch up.
  There's some Raleigh Crump exhibit happening.
  Right.
  The Van Eden Gallery selling all this stuff right now.
  Oh, neat.
  All right.
  They're both great.
  I hope he wants that.
  A lot of sketches and stuff.
  Oh, fun.
  Yeah.
  Both of them are pretty like public in the Southern California area of like doing talks and exhibits.
  Bob Gurr, wait, we contextualized Bob Gurr for people who don't know.
  Uh, yeah.
  Well, Main Street Vehicles.
  Uh, what else is he knowing?  Later works on, um.
  We also designed the Omni Mover system.
  Oh, is that right?  That was in my tour.
  That's why it suddenly jogged my memory.
  Worked on King Kong later for Universal, I believe.
  Yeah.
  I think they hired a special for.
  What a segue, Scott.
  Talking about Universal.
  Over to.
  We could talk to you about like cat traps and chili for more, many more hours.
  That should be the title of this episode.
  Cat traps and chili.
  That's true.
  Well, I was my, my, my ideal segue here was that we're all about to catch a giant case of cat flu.
  Oh, that's even better.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Because we're talking about Islands of Adventures, Cat in the Hat.
  Cat in the Hat.
  So you were just there.
  I was just there.
  Oh, okay.
  And was this your first time on this Cat in the Hat ride?  Yeah.
  I've been to Islands of Adventure two times before that.
  And I did not even know that ride existed.
  Oh, really?  Interesting.
  I, in fact, I didn't know there were really that many dark rides there.
  I love E.
T.
  Um, but we were walking through Seuss land and my friend that I was with said she wanted to find characters.
  And I saw like a sign saying like Cat in the Hat.
  And my hopes were immediately up because it looked like a building, but I was like, no, we'll probably walk in and it'll be like a meet and greet of Cat in the Hat.
  So I even asked at the front and they were like, no, it's like a ride.
  And I was like, oh my God.
  Like a ride?  So I was immediately very excited.
  Oh, it felt like a weird, like a, like a hidden thing almost.
  I know what you mean.
  It's just down a dark hallway.
  There's no showmanship on the building.
  Well, cause the giant sign does say Cat in the Hat, but it doesn't say Cole in the ride.
  Could be a meet and greet.
  I was going to say the fit for our like official nomenclature purposes.
  This ride is just called the Cat in the Hat.
  Not Cat in the Hat the ride.
  Just the Cat in the Hat.
  Yeah.
  I believe so.
  Yeah.
  Which may have been like, uh, this, this is the, I'll say in the original land of, uh, based on hyper successful children's books where the estate or persons involved in them were involved.
  Like before the Harry Potter stuff at Universal, the Geisel estate, uh,  His wife's still alive, right?  Yeah.
  His wife is still alive and she was like very hands on and like selling the rights and stuff.
  In fact, there is a plaque somewhere in Seuss Landing.
  The general area in which this ride is set.
  That is that pays homage to Doctor, to Theodore, to Dr.
  Seuss, but also to Mrs.
  Geisel.
  Let's just, we want to just commit to Geisel and neither we're wrong the whole time.
  That's fine.
  I'll say Geisel.
  I think it might be Geisel.
  Seuss.
  People will be mad.
  Yeah, yeah, Seuss.
  Seuss.
  Not Geisel Landing.
  Lord and Lady Seuss.
  We shall refer to that.
  But yeah, Seuss Land.
  Is it Seuss Landing?  Seuss Landing.
  I think it's a good land.
  Like they did, they put effort in.
  I'm so used to California Universal where nothing seems to have involved effort in any step in the process.
  It's finally turning around.
  Yeah, a little bit.
  Their signs are like, we're better now, we promise.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And Super Mario will be a step in that direction, I think.
  Oh, I'm so excited for that.
  Do we have a date yet?  No.
  I don't think so.
  Five years from now.
  Yeah, whole nother problem is they were like, yeah, we're going to be building this stuff every year.
  And then nothing's open really since Harry Potter, like three years ago.
  Well, they did close Waterworld, right?  No, it's still open.
  Okay, so they're not even clearing the land yet.
  No, that's not even necessarily going away.
  I don't think that's where it's going.
  I think Super Nintendo is probably going downstairs.
  I think it's near Transformers.
  They have already removed sound stages.
  25 through 22, which used to have CSI, the number one show at the time I was doing it.
  Oh, wow.
  Marg Helgenberger.
  Yeah, if you could keep doing a little bit, do a little more.
  Scott Coder right into the thing.
  What happened?  What was the rest of that?  You were a tram tour guy?  Yeah, I did the tram tour.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Marg Helgenberger, who was the other one?  Who was, did anyone know which CSI that was?  Yeah, it's William.
  Oh, come on.
  Oh, yeah, William something.
  William H.
 Macy.
  Sure, William H.
 Macy.
  I would just make up stuff.
  I could say from like to live and die in LA.
  Yeah, I think you're right.
  Yes, it's that guy.
  Um, thrilling.
  William Peterson.
  Yes, William Peterson.
  And later on Ted Danson.
  Uh-huh.
  Oh, the Ted Danson.
  On my audition, I had to like read a little blurb where I said all of the, I had to say all five of the Desperate Housewives,  which is Desperate Housewives mania for that month that I did that job.
  And so-  Were you allowed to read it or did you have to memorize it?  Yeah, you had notes in front of you.
  Before my, for this audition purpose, I was handed a little blurb and I had to say all of the character names and the actress.
  And then when, and I like, I got through that because I like, I have to get through this paragraph.
  This is my entry point to this dumb job I want to do.
  And, uh, but then whenever I, it was this, this cul-de-sac where all of the houses were almost the same.
  It was like such a dull-  You're talking about Wisteria Lane.
  Wisteria Lane.
  Of course, yeah, they still have that on the tour, right?  Yeah, they still do it.
  I don't know if they, they can't, they can't still be talking about Desperate Housewives.
  Up until a couple, two years ago, they were.
  Yeah.
  Like my mom, when I took her, she was like, Ooh, Wisteria Lane.
  I would always bail.
  I would focus on another thing that filmed there, which is the music video for Nellie and Kelly Rowland's song Dilemma.
  And I would sing over the song, which always, like I've established myself as a stiff white guy by that point.
  So to then sing the Nellie song was always a big hit.
  And I did like doing it.
  And when I'm with my boo, I'm gonna crazy about you.
  But, uh, yeah, I, but I, my brain could not retain that Desperate Housewives information.
  The names are two, it was Edie and Laura and I don't know.
  I never watched it.
  Sally and Stephanie.
  God, I just, my brain left my body every time I did the thing.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Nobody wouldn't know.
  What are women called?  Carol, Rebecca, Erica.
  There's always a Megan.
  There's always a Megan.
  Megan's a backstabber.
  Watch out for Megan.
  Anyway, Wisteria Lane.
  Yeah, so Universal.
  Why no Wisteria Lane at Islands of Adventure?  There should be a whole land.
  Yeah, but just put it on a truck.
  Put it on a flatbed.
  Drive it out there.
  It's a crowd pleaser.
  And then stop at malls along the way.
  The Wisteria Lane tour.
  They could, like Wisteria Lane would have been good to move to the  former backlot at Hollywood Studios.
  Like they had the Golden Girls house at Hollywood Studios.
  I never had to ride that when it was open, but it was rough, right?  Like they didn't have anything.
  They made up like basically like those, whatever you call those, not their  not real houses, facades or whatever.
  False fronts and sides.
  I think they had the Golden Girls house, it was the real one, right?  But then the rest was like a fake recording studio.
  They're like, we could record things in here.
  But it's just like one that you would record things in.
  Right.
  They did it.
  I think they did, both Universal and Disney made an effort to have actual  stuff produced, mainly the kids shows and then see Disney and then all the  Nickelodeon stuff at Universal Florida.
  I feel like there was a window from 89 to 95.
  I wish I had gotten to see the Nick Studios there, but by the time I went  for the first time it was gone.
  Counts flew down.
  I never got to go.
  I did it.
  I didn't see anything that cool.
  I think I talked before, they had the couch from SNCC behind a glass with  dramatic lighting and like on the tour, like behind a glass wall and stuff.
  The, uh, I think I, I think I was there when like all that was being explained.
  It wasn't on yet.
  And it was like, and this stage is being used for kids SNL called all that.
  Um, with the man who, uh, who will never not be on SNL, Kenan Thompson.
  15 seasons going strong.
  I saw Kenan Thompson's office when I went to his child office.
  Yeah, I guess so.
  It's full of like blocks and stuff.
  And yeah, just candy bar shelves.
  It was raised at Nickelodeon.
  Or was he into weed already?  Was he a weed guy?  At 14?  Um, maybe.
  Um, the craziest tour, the really barren tour, um, is the one in, in.
  Paris, which I never miss an opportunity to.
  There is a, yeah, there's a studios there and with a tram tour and that one for  sure nothing has ever been filmed.
  Yeah, that is the least tram credibility of all of them.
  But it's like a fake Hollywood.
  You're like, it's like, I'm on a movie set.
  It's a recreation of a place that recreates things.
  It's like, I'm on a real fake New York street.
  Just like in the pictures.
  This is what an unfinished building would look like.
  Le film tech, le film de tech.
  We're like, oh movie theaters.
  Sure.
  Le cinema tech.
  It's like a Borat voice.
  That's like France.
  Uh, that park has a, that has all of the sets from a, uh, a 2002 Christian  Bale movie called the rain of fire.
  I don't even remember that is, that is all that they just like, they took like  four statues from rain of fire.
  How much do you think they spent on that?  $30,000.
  I think so.
  Yeah.
  On the film or on the moving the stuff?  Just on the stuff they acquired.
   $30,000, but you got to move it yourself.
  We can do that.
  We got Disney money.
  They got, they got French, like, uh, field laborers to come and like,  usually pick grapes out in the French fields.
  I mean, that movie, that movie they were thinking or hoping was going to be a huge  hit the summer that came out and they should have waited shit immediately.
  They should have waited to see how it did.
  Yeah.
  Before they got everything.
  They really should have.
  To see if people were interested in the tale of Quinn Abercrombie.
  Oh my God.
  Boy.
  Is that an action star?  Um, no, that's the character.
  Another character is Denton Van Zand.
  Oh my God.
  Played by Matthew McConaughey.
  Ooh.
  Um, maybe it's like you fed AI, like computer, come up with action  movie characters, please computer.
  It's sci-fi though.
  So you might want to throw a Z or two into those names.
  Yeah.
  That weirds it up.
  We're going to sell this in Paris.
  Oh, and it takes place in England.
  So England it up a bit.
  Make them a little British.
  Yeah.
  It should have been a success by all rights.
  By all the, according to the algorithm, the computer should have had this one  right, but they didn't.
  We really thought we nailed it.
  Um, but anyway, so, and also no rain of fire, uh, uh, island at Islands of Adventure.
  Oh yeah.
  They missed a lot of properties, but they did get Seuss landing.
  Um, so.
  That weird Popeye land with all those horrible water rides.
  Well, that's it's it's wild.
  I mean, that did you ride the Dudley do right.
  Right.
   I've a million times.
  It's my life.
  Oh yeah.
  You get a whole thing on it.
  Jason wants it preserved as it is forever.
  Yes.
  He loves it.
  I mean, that, that part, I mean, the park is fascinated.
  Like the story of Islands of Adventure is like, you know, they always plan to have  a second park and you know, there was a court.
  I mean, we could probably do a whole episode on the unbuilt, like Warner  brother, a universal cartoon world that was going to be like Looney tunes rides  and a Gotham, like Batman rides and a Superman ride, and that just didn't happen.
  So they're like, all right, well, what can we, all right, we were going to do  Jurassic park anyway, uh, myth characters, their public domain.
  Okay.
  That takes care of lost continent.
  Looks nice.
  Uh, Marvel was dealing with bankruptcy at the time, so they were just signing  in anything and that has come back to haunt Disney now.
  Um, it's a bad land.
  Yeah.
  It preserves that character dining.
  Did you guys know that's an option?  They just started doing character dining.
  With rogue and Cyclops.
  I was like, what's that like face character of Cyclops.
  What would you even say to him?  Hey, I have a lot of things to say to Cyclops.
  We both have pictures with Cyclops.
  Yes.
  I have multiple photos with Cyclops.
  Uh, he, yeah, I feel like I would do the real dickish thing of being like, so, uh,  like, like I would start to like, be like, how about that whole onslaught conflict?  Huh?  You remember that in the nineties when professor X and Magneto's brains merged  and created an evil being known as onslaught.
  And like, I'd see if I could get him and then he'd be like, come on, man.
  Do you think they have a training thing where they have to know the canon?  Cause I know Disney is very on it.
  Like they quiz their face characters on movie details and stuff, but they do.
  It's part of like the callback audition as they like, they tell you what  character you're being considered for.
  They tell you to go home and watch the movie a bunch of times.
  And then when you come back, they might be like, you know, it's basic stuff,  but if you're Ariel, you should at least know the names of all of her  friends and her, her kingdom and her dad.
  Is it for just the princesses or like the princes or whoever has a face?  Like is does Mickey F to whoever's playing Mickey have to know, like,  no, those are more like miming base.
  Right.
  But like, say improv, but like Star Lord would have to know.
  Yeah.
  Anyone who speaks, they're called face characters if they speak in or, or in  like a mask or, or uncovered face.
  But if they're in a full character head, it's a fur character.
  So with those, it's more physicality and it is though, like it is goofy physicality.
  They'll be like, move like you're goofy and you have to have it down to move  the way goofy consistently moves.
  But you can't just like, it's not an arbitrary flailing around.
  Yeah, no, they all have their own mannerisms they're supposed to have.
  Let me ask you this question.
  Why every time I take a photo with Minnie Mouse, is she so aggressive with me?  Is she flirtatious?  She's flirtatious.
  She kisses me and makes the noise from inside.
  This is, this is in Florida.
  That popping noise where they kiss you.
  I don't know how they do that.
  Her nose hits me in the side of the face.
  Uh, and then she'd like really kind of like gets right on my arm.
  Like what is going on?  I'm saying she's like a like me?  Minnie is a flirtatious lady.
  She's but in like a coy way.
  I feel like Daisy's more like out to get a man, but Minnie is like, she's just  playful.
  She's okay.
  She likes to flatter her guests.
  I see.
  So on the other hand, like whenever I meet Chewbacca, he like manhandles me a lot.
  I don't like meeting Chewbacca.
  He hugs too hard.
  He'll usually try to like playfully take my stuff and I'll be like, Hey, my stuff.
  I don't know.
  I just don't like Chewbacca that much.
  My wife was legit scared of you were there for that.
  She was so freaked.
  Of which one?  Kylo Ren?  Of Chewbacca.
  Oh yeah.
  Just him coming around the corner and that he is Chewbacca of size.
  He's got those human eyes.
  You know?  I don't like that.
  Did you end up?  So in Seuss Landing, uh, uh, did you find characters?  Did you find fur characters?  Cause the Lorax walks around.
  I'd love to meet the Lorax.
  We met the Lorax.
  We had photos with Lorax.
  We thought that Grinch was going to be coming out at a certain point, but we didn't like linger to wait for it to happen.
  Cause they said it was like a little story time.
  And then at the end you can get pictures and we were like, we're not going to wait here an hour to meet the Grinch.
  Cause for all I know, it was Jim Carrey Grinch, like a Grinch-mas out here.
  I was like, I don't want to meet that guy.
  It's fascinating to me.
  So that is a thing about Seuss Landing and the Fast Eight, because I think the, uh, Jim Carrey Grinch looks like a damn nightmare.
  He's scary.
  Is he the one at Seuss Landing or is it a suit?  I think at Grinch-mas it's him.
  And I think the rest of the year it's like the, uh, the drawn sort of like.
  He looks like a, he looks like a hobo.
  The plush Grinch.
  I think they might finally phase out Carrey Grinch as a face character.
  I think you're right on that.
  Rest in pieces Carrey Grinch.
  So I love I'm with you on Throw and Shade on Carrey Grinch.
  I think it's so weird.
  It almost 20 years after the fact.
  I don't need the movie when he's a scary looking man.
  I don't need to meet any children.
  It is, it is more perplexing.
  Like I get why Waterworld like bombed as a movie, a hit as a stunt show.
  Perfect in 20 minutes.
  Yeah.
  Uh, the Carrey Grinch, like I think it did fine as a movie, but like.
  Well some people it's like their childhood.
  I guess so.
  The Christmas movie they always watched.
  Um, I never really got that.
  My mom also thought he was scary looking, so we never had the DVD  bought for us or anything like that.
  But some kids it's like quintessential Christmas entertainment.
  You know what's really unacceptable is the child Grinch.
  When was the last time you looked at the child Grinch?  The scary animatronic thing.
  Oh, and it was a real kid.
  Baby animatronic and then a real child.
  Was there a baby, like a fully fake, like robotic baby?  Yeah, but the nanny's fine.
  That's a popular meme is baby Grinch.
  Oh yeah, there it is.
  They do have like eight year old Grinch that's like a kid in makeup.
  Oh God.
  Yeah, it's pretty rough.
  It reminds me of the baby from Dinosaur, which is a show that I  hate for looking scary.
  But we love the baby from Dinosaur.
  So we will.
  I hate Dinosaur.
  I don't.
  I don't know if I like Dinosaur.
  Yeah, you don't like dinosaurs?  I'm not sure if I do.
  I think I find them a little unpleasant and legit scary at times.
  Well in the episodes we're very dark.
  Jesus Christ.
  So I'm showing another photo of baby Grinch.
  This is the most upset.
  I've been in the moment on the show is looking at this goddamn baby Grinch.
  I like baby Grinch.
  Why in the world?  This is like something bug mane would think.
  You like this guy?  I kind of like baby Grinch.
  Do you think they thought they were going to sell a lot of toys and that?  Yes.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Well, there are so many creepy.
  Look at him.
  Look at little baby.
  Look at this.
  Yeah, it was slightly older.
  That's when he's.
  Um, what was it?  Is that a child or a small person?  No, it's a kid.
   Yeah.
  It's kind of sad to think of some kid having to sit still for that long to look  that horrible.
  Yeah.
  Geez.
  Ta-da.
  That's a poor little six year old.
  Jim Carrey didn't bring his old pal Simon Birch into the project.
  Just in case people have not seen the teaser, there is like an illumination.
  Uh, the people who made the minions movies are making a, how the Grinch stole  Christmas, like CGI animated movie, um, with voice by Benedict Cumberbatch.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  It's a good choice for the voice.
  The movie looks lame, but I think that's good casting at least.
  I think it's good casting and the room though, the rumor about this part of the  park, cause this, this, uh, uh, island and islands of adventure has not had a lot of  updates since it opened in 1999.
  But there's been a rumor for years that there's blueprints somewhere for a Mount  Crumpet based roller coaster.
  Like you, like you would ride the slide.
  Thrill level of like Snow White mine train where like kids can go on it too.
  That seems right.
  Yeah.
  I think.
  Yeah.
  And, and so like dark, right elements when you go inside, the dog and his little  contraptions and stuff, couple minimal little scenes.
  Yeah, that sounds great.
  Uh, that would be super for, there is room behind it, uh, behind like the island, the  land to, to build that.
  And it was, it's supposedly like gotten close to happening in the past and then  the money has never shown up.
  I feel like it'll happen.
  It may, but it's gotta be like a minions level hit.
  Right.
  This bar might be pretty high.
  It seems unclear to me if secret life of pets is happening.
  That's been a rumor for a long time.
  I don't know how well that, Oh, are they going to do a ride?   How did that room do financially?  I didn't see that one.
  Well, it did well.
  I think there's a secret plan.
  By the way, have you guys seen the parade in universal Florida?  I have seen video of it.
  It's the saddest parade I've ever seen.
  Like honestly, and they have people come out on bicycles and you're like, what's  that?  They're New Yorkers.
  They're there for secret life of pets.
  I mean, some of the floats, like the secret life of pets, they did have a clever  float and it had like little puppets of all the little animals.
  But that's what I thought.
  I think I thought that the puppets are pretty well done.
  That sounds very lame that there's just like bike, uh, a deliverer people running  around.
  Well, the energy was so low and sad on the ground dancers.
  It was people kind of lethargically clapping.
  It was really hot.
  The floats were pretty cute, but there were only like four of them.
  And then all the ground dancers in between appeared to not have choreography.
  It wasn't like a Disney parade.
  They were just kind of wearing brightly colored shirts.
  They weren't really costumes and they're just awkwardly clapping.
  I will tell you, I think one of the reasons why that, uh, parade, it looks a  little cheap because there's also, I was down there last summer.
  There's like a mini despicable me parade where it's with like a massive float, a  massive float.
  They did have a float in it.
  Did they just stick it in a slightly larger parade?  And that was the idea.
  Maybe that I just saw it like come like out of nowhere, came from the backstage  area, like tons of dancers and minions and the girls and grew.
  And, and then they did a number.
  It was like a dance party and then they like three floats and they're like, no,  it's a parade.
  I don't quite know what it was.
  Cause it just came out, it happened and then it backed up and went backstage.
  Okay.
  So it's like, I mean, Disney world has one like that too.
  That's like the dance party parade and they just kind of roll out, linger and  then roll back in.
  Well, there was also a flash mob that happened when I was there.
  A, you know, like just people in street clothes, like hanging around, like they  were guests and then they all stared at doing a choreographed dance and then they  dispersed and went away with no explanation.
  And did they do that multiple times or was it like a film it and put it online  thing?  I only saw it.
  I think it happens a few times a day.
  But it wasn't really explained.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I guess that's cheaper than a parade and also more unique because then  people feel like they've seen a flash mob in real life, but you also don't have to  build floats and it's like the same number of dancers.
  So it's kind of a clever idea.
  Kind of remind you, it was like a different version of like the citizens of  Hollywood.
  Is that what they call them at MGM?  The people who wander around MGM.
  Oh, right.
  Was that what they're called?  Like the citizens of Buena Vista street similar.
  This was just like an average.
  This is like a different take on that where it's like a little thing happens and  then they wander off.
  That's a cool idea.
  Um, for, for Sue Slaney, like they have, yeah, some of those walk around characters.
  I was just going to quickly say like Disney is such a better job of like all the  characters are in one universe.
  It's like, it makes total sense.
  But then all of a sudden, like in universal, it's like, well, there's Vin  Diesel and there's the Lorax.
  And you're like, wait a minute that they don't exist in the same space.
  There's only friends.
  I think there's a Curious George float.
  Oh, that makes sense.
  It's a Dora the Explorer float.
  And it shows on there too.
  Stuff you don't know they own until it shows up in one of the four parade units.
  So the Seuss Landing done pretty well, like kind of its own little island.
  Like the estate was very much like, uh, the big thing I know is that, uh, they are  not allowed to do anything near Seuss Landing for Halloween horror nights.
  Can't.
  That's a good idea.
  So like that's like off limits.
  They were allowed to.
  It would be, it would be kind of awesome to like,  But I can get why Seuss's Widow wouldn't be down for that.
  They do though in, uh, in Hollywood, like in the Terror Tram, there's like a little  bit of the grid, the actual Grinch set left.
  Yeah, but the Grinch set's already a nightmare.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's like dilapidated.
  It's falling apart.
  Yeah, it's all faded by the sun and stuff.
  Yeah.
  That's a very sad little zone.
  And also a point.
  And, and that came right after I did my Wisteria Lane thing.
  That was like my, that was always kind of my.
  Some bleached remains of Whoville.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, uh, that was, that was where I always checked out in the tour.
  That's like 50 minutes in I'm getting ready to go to the bathroom.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, the Seuss Landing is very, uh, short.
  Not a lot of tall things.
  I feel like, and maybe this is my perception of it.
  Truffula trees and the moose juice, goose juice.
  Yeah, but they're not like, there's a little ride that goes up in the top.
  What is that ride called?  Have you read it?  I have.
  It scared the shit.
  Scared the shit out of me.
  Cause the Seuss trolley train ride.
  There you go.
  Well, here's, here's what scares me now.
  And, uh, if you listen to the podcast, you know, maybe there's a lot of things  that scare me.
  Um, but what scares me is slow moving rides that are elevated.
  So goofy sky school scares me.
  I can go on roller coasters.
  It's kind of slow though.
  Like when it's slow and if it rounds a bend, I feel like I'm going to fall out  of the cart and it's the similar.
  You're supposed to feel that way.
  And I hate it.
  It scares me.
  Have you guys been on goofy sky school?  I've been on goofy sky school.
  I've also written the high in the sky Seuss trolley train ride, which is the  full, full official name.
  It features the sneezes.
  There's some sweaters being made inside.
  Yeah.
  It goes through the restaurant.
  It goes through a circus McGurkis cafe stupendous.
  Uh, so this, this ride holds a special place for me because, uh, for years, uh,  I'm a big islands of adventure fan.
  And for years, like this ride was supposed to be open, like with the park or like  shortly thereafter and it functions kind of like a people mover.
  I was going to say it's like they're people movers.
  Yeah.
  Is the track sitting empty all of the people mover?  Well, that's the thing.
  There was a single car with like a, a statue of like a Seuss looking guy who  would come out every now and then.
  So it would come out every now and then.
  And like when I was like 12 or 13, I would be like, where do I get on that thing?  Because it also like, it does have cool views.
  You see cool views of the rest of the park and you go around.
  My eyes were closed for most of it.
  Mics weren't closed, but, um, watch a video.
  I'll be honest.
  You were high in the sky.
  You were too high up.
  I didn't like it.
  He was too high in the sky.
  I did always think they should do that with the people mover.
  Cause I understand it's not safe anymore to put humans on, but I always thought  they should just build a small little automated robot that looks like a trash  can guy that comes out and just wheels around.
  Wait, all the old characters do a pass.
  You get a Rex up there.
  You get ID and OD put Rex on wheels.
  Oh my God.
  That'd be great.
  Like a daily robot parade.
  OSHA anymore.
  So they're literally not allowed to have people up there without  fall protection anymore.
  And the foundations were kind of wrecked by the rocket rods.
  So like they would have to basically rebuild the entire thing.
  Cause it has cracks and it's falling apart and stuff.
  It's not supposed to be walked upon by humans in its current state.
  Okay.
  But they could put some little robots and then they could just call them back to the  maintenance bay or come and retrieve them if they stopped, you know, after  hours, go up there with a cherry picker and pull the bot down.
  Sure.
  It wouldn't be a safety concern at that point.
  Couldn't we introduce more robots and characters like in Florida's Tomorrow  Land, like let's have Sunny Eclipse's brother.
  I know, but let's get like Sunny Eclipse's brother or some other sister.
  Give them a physical form.
  This was my favorite.
  I should contextualize that.
  I watched that video.
  Oh, that's a good idea.
  That's a good tie together.
  I think they should join the band.
  Oh yeah.
  Skippy a little guitar that's made for multiple arms.
  Yeah.
  And then he can be burnt Skippy if he like, do the guitar wrong.
  And now a different, um, they re-skinned that.
  So now it's like the orange alien from Lilo and Stitch.
  It's still in the Stitch encounter.
  So it's the skeleton of burnt Skippy, but they, so they already have a different  character.
  Put them all up there.
  Yeah.
  Skippy, orange alien, sir.
  They can all just be members of the band.
  That's a wonderful idea.
  This idea, any of these robot jams, these are so wonderful.
  I want to contextualize that too, that I watched that video that you did where you  talked about Sunny Eclipse, who was the lounge singer in the Tomorrowland  like hamburger restaurant.
  And that, that was this, I didn't, that was new facts to me that you said in the  video that his backing vocals cannot be seen.
  They're the space angels.
  They're invisible.
  He was singing a gig and suddenly from nowhere he heard voices backing him up.
  He has a song explaining this.
  He explains that plot in the song.
  He explains it through song.
  He's like, there it was at the gig and then out of the blue space angels.
  And they're singing along and he's like, you're invisible, but you sing along to my  songs.
  Like he just informs you of this through song and you're kind of like, I get it.
  What a massive premise to contain in this.
  Scott, he only has 25 minutes of show.
  He's telling you who you learn in his hometown and what it's like.
  Really?  Yeah.
  He's from New York or U-Norc.
  The whole song is a tongue twister.
  He's from-  Scott, how did you not know this you fucking idiot?  And the whole song, I don't know how this man performed the song because the whole  song is like phrases like that where he says like,  taxi tabs and stuff like that where you're just like, oh my God, then what a-  It's all pig Latin nonsense.
  Yeah.
  It's all swapped around.
  They just hired an actual dyslexic singer.
  There you go.
  Well, I did hear this fun fact.
  The man who provided the voice of Sunny Eclipse has never seen him perform.
  He's never seen the alien animatronic with his voice, which makes me very sad.
  Who did the voice?  I don't know.
  It's just some paid like session singer that sounds like a Frank Sinatra type.
  Well, the guy who did the music for Marvel superhero island has never been down there to see it.
  Well, I just don't know how you'd resist.
   You mean the guy who did-  Yeah, who did all the late nineties rock music.
  Well, the only one I understand is that Ellen never wrote energy adventure.
  And I get that because it was also filmed footage of her when she was in like an awkward nineties phase.
  So I could imagine feeling self-conscious, seeing like a 10 foot high projection of yourself 10 years ago.
  Well, that's also hard to shut.
  They shut down a hundred person capacity ride.
  I think that, yeah, there was some room on the ride to get her on there.
  I don't know that that was-  Sneak her in in the dark, sneak her out.
  Have her hop on in the dinosaur zone.
  Real quick.
  I have more about the high in the sky Sue Stralley train ride.
  Oh, please.
  Okay, good.
  Okay.
  So when I finally did get to ride it, I did enjoy it.
  I was interested.
  So when it was supposed to open, that was supposed to be Sylvester McMonkey McBean's unusual driving machines.
  I don't even know that book.
  So I'm glad they didn't go with that.
  You did not read that book or you-  I've never read that book.
  Yeah, I don't think I read that one either.
  High in the sky from anything in particular, is that just, that's a general Sue thing.
  I think it was a general Sue thing.
  And I think it was another thing done in by like budgetary stuff.
  Like they, they just, they couldn't get the money to do this little train thing.
  And then I think it was also like, there was weird technical issues with it.
  I believe I heard once, which you think like, how do you mess up a little train ride?  I don't get what technical issues that would have that the new incarnation doesn't have.
  Yeah, exactly.
  How was it different?  I have no idea.
  Do you think it was more ambitious?  Like it's a train, but you got a spinner wheel and you can spin around.
  I think a lot of this part of the story of a lot of this park was we had a lot more ambitious ideas, but we were on a budget and time crunch.
  Then the last thing I will say, I found this on the Seuss Wikia, the entry for this ride.
  There was one comment from a user named PyroGothNerd.
  Okay.
  This is a very, this is a very child oriented ride.
  And by child, I mean toddler.
  It's pretty boring actually.
  He's like, I found myself pretty disappointed.
  Yeah.
  A high in the sky train ride.
  What is his name?  PyroGothNerd.
  Oh, okay.
  Why did he think this was a ride for him?  Yeah, exactly.
  Like this is a whole land for little children.
  I'm gonna love that one.
  Yeah.
  I found the Seuss ride skewed a little young for my taste.
  This whole land appeals only to children and I don't understand it.
  It's famous.
  Where is PyroGothNerd?  Where is, are the attractions based on Seuss's political cartoons, 90% of which are horribly racist.
  Oh God.
  Wow.
  Is that true?  Uh, it was not the biggest fan of the Japanese.
  Dr.
 Seuss.
  Geez.
  Was that wartime?  During the middle of the war.
  So I believe he recanted that.
  Oh, okay.
  One of the books is a,  I'm sorry?  One of the books is essentially a metaphor.
  Well the speeches are anti-racism as well.
  Yeah.
  I think he, he changed his ways after the war.
  I think he did also have an arms race one.
  Was it about pie throwing or something?  Yeah.
  Like he is pretty progressive otherwise, but like, I mean, he was in the services and like he was, you know, for our side.
  Oh, he was in the army?  Yeah.
  I think he was in the, like the culture.
  Uh, I think he was in the film division, maybe.
  Oh, okay.
  Making film and propaganda and that sort of thing.
  Is the cat in the hat a metaphor for a war?  Or thing one and thing two?  Some, uh, yeah.
  So you had never been on the ride before you said?  Oh, no, I didn't even know it existed until I walked in.
  So as soon as I saw the queue, I was like getting really hyped for it.
  And in fairness, it is like a very ambitious dark ride.
  Yeah.
  It's got a lot of figures that move a lot.
  It's got some cool effects.
  The spinning was clever.
  I heard from someone on Twitter that the spinning used to be more aggressive and  that's why the vehicles have nets around them because people's belongings used to  fly out of the vehicles.
  I remember thinking it was the first ride I went on in islands of adventure.
  Uh, I must've gone there in like 2000 and I remember thinking for kind of a kids  dark ride, this is, this is surprisingly intense.
  It was a long ride and yeah, you have a lot of cat figures that move around a lot.
  A good range of motion.
  The little thing one and thing two like run around.
  They simulate walking, which you don't see a lot.
  They kind of like run alongside your car when they're revealed.
  It's pretty fun.
  With their little legs swinging.
  I compared them to Chucky dolls.
  I thought they were a little scary.
  Um, you can see the thing holding them up.
  You can, but does that mean you don't like the rare rabbit that hops around in the  Florida squash mountain?  No, that's true.
  I guess that's true.
  I guess that's true.
  Yeah, fess up.
  A lot of this.
  Look, I agree.
  I think this was an, it is an ambitious ride.
  There's cool stuff in it, but there's, there's stuff where it's like one step  forward, one step back.
  Like I liked the moments early on in the ride where it's like the narrator is  narrowing stuff.
  There's a lighting cue.
  It highlights what he's saying, but then there's some parts that are just empty  hallways with black lights.
  I gotta say that the lighting cues to me were the main factor in its  nightmarishness.
  Yes.
  You have all these whirling rainbow lights that are like more disorienting and then  everywhere you look, there's just stuff moving.
  They have those scary contraptions with arms moving.
  Um, I thought the fish was a cool effect because they have the little animatronic  fish and then the bowl that he's in is like double pained plastic that's full of  water.
  So it sloshes around like a real fish bowl.
  That looks cool.
  Since you brought up the fish, I'll say this.
  This is a thing I found on the universal website that made me laugh a lot, uh, from  the ride page on the website.
  Cautious Mr.
  Crinkle Bean reminds us that any minute mother will be home.
  Is that the fish, Mr.
  Crinkle Bean?  Yes.
  Look this up.
  Mr.
  Crinkle Bean was, Crinkle Bean was revealed as his last name in the TV  special, in the TV adaptation.
  In the book he is not named, uh, Crinkle Bean.
  What the TV special was a cartoon in the old, from a while ago.
  Yeah.
  Was that the puppet era?  Like when Horton, here's a who had the special that was like puppets.
  Cause I watched those when I was a kid.
  Oh no, those were pretty recent.
  These are the cartoon back in the seventies.
  Well, but then they, I think also when they had the puppet series, they would  recycle the seventies cartoons by having them as shorts in between the puppet  segments.
  They definitely would because I mean the shorts like summarize the full books and  they're, the books are only 10 pages long.
  Two puppet stories and a short or something like that.
  On the cartoon, did the fish have the voice, uh, somebody clearly imitating  Edwin because that is what mother and father are home.
  Yeah.
  And also there's, yes, that's true.
  Well, yeah.
  And then there's not quite in this, this riot a little bit, but I think the Mike  Myers cat in the hat is a little in that vein too.
  Like we decided all the cat in the hat characters sound like Edwin.
  So they, yeah, they're all, because this one is just mostly the fish, but  oh, the children sound like this as well.
  And then the mom sounds like that too.
  When she comes home.
  What's going on?  Can you imagine watching a whole movie where every character is that?  What would you do?  It's almost like a power play at that point.
  It's like, I dare you to say anything about it.
  That's 45 minutes left.
  Do you know the voice of the fish in the ride?  Who does it?  Yeah.
  No, I don't.
  Corey Burton is the person's name.
  Corey Burton.
  That sounds familiar.
  Corey Burton is a ton of things.
  He's a lot of voices in all animation, but in parks especially.
  And he is the voice of the Mad Hatter in all.
  Oh, that makes perfect sense because Edwin was Mad Hatter in the else.
  Wonderland.
  I somehow, I, this, I copy and pasted this from my documents, uh, my, my  notes document about the Mickey and Friends parking structure and amazingly  in two and a half hours or whatever.
  I didn't, we didn't talk about Corey Burton.
  The Corey Burton is the voice of the tram.
  He is the, uh, hold on to the hand, right?  The, uh, please watch your staff.
  I met that guy.
  Really?  It was at Star Wars Celebration.
  Whoa.
  Hey.
  It was weird.
  I like went back to my hotel after we did the, they did the Galactic  Knights like a press night.
  So we got to go to that.
  Um, and then I went back to the hotel and I wanted a midnight quiche.
  So I, I went to the hotel restaurant.
  It's open all hours.
  I was like, it's not too late to grab a quiche before I go back to my room.
  That's right.
  There is some 24 hour restaurant.
  It's like a little diner thing.
  Disney World.
  Well, no, this is, um, this was back at the con hotel, so I don't  remember what chain or whatever, but yeah, they had one in the lobby  and you could go and grab, you know, Benedict's or quiches to take to your  room, so I did that every night of the trip, but I went there and there were  like only a handful of people in there.
  And then I was still wearing my Galactic Knights lanyard and the man who was in  line in front of me was like, um, Oh, I did a voice for that fireworks show.
  Like, did you see the fireworks show?  And I was like, I did, but I only really noticed like quotes from the  star Wars movies and he's like, Oh, and then I said, and of course, like the,  the main Disneyland announcer guy.
  And he was like, yeah, that's me.
  And I was like, what?  And he's like, yeah, I did the voice for the fireworks show.
  And I was like, but that was just the guy that does all the announcements,  like all the park ones and like the monorail.
  And he's like, yeah, I did all of that.
  Don't you see my child?  And then he started doing like, he did the monorail spiel for me.
  And then I had him say hello to one of my friends.
  Who's a cast member.
  He was like, hello, Alicia, welcome to Disney world.
  It was really cool.
  But he was also kind of doing a girl.
  He was pulling a girl by hanging around.
  But I was wearing the lanyard.
  It'd be weird if I was just a random human and he's like,  I'm the voice of Disneyland.
  I would tell everyone though, I see you're getting quiche.
  What about a Benedict?  He does the voice waiting for people to notice.
  Go right ahead.
  But, um, but it was really cool seeing him do it in person.
  And his wife is the voice of California adventure.
  So she's the lady voice that does all those announcements.
  Yeah.
  They're just a nice sounding couple.
  Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, the opposite of nice, uh, sound.
  Oh man, I was trying to make a segue.
  Jason, you mentioned the live action cat in the hat.
  Of course, that movie, uh, the movie that made the guys will estate go, okay,  no more live action, Dr.
  Seuss movies.
  I believe that is the story that they're like, no only animated from now on.
  No, never again, because that movie ate shit so much.
  They only know how to make one kind of suit.
  It's like the same as the very similar.
  Why is it like that?  Yeah.
  It was a big news story too.
  According to found an LA times article from like 98 99 that they did universal  paid 5 million for the rights to cat in the hat, which seems low.
  And when it was going to be.
  Tim Allen.
  Oh wow.
  Thought that it was, and you know why it's Mike Myers.
  I think I know the answer to this, but yeah, you go, the, uh, the, uh, the lawsuit  because of sprockets because of sprockets.
  Yeah.
  So Mike Myers famous sprockets sketch on SNL.
  He was going to make a movie and there was a script.
  It's mostly the script was good.
  The German TV shows Dieter.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I remember there was some article saying that he had a black turtleneck on and he  said, now is the time on sprockets where we dance.
  And then he would say like, do you want to touch my monkey?  Which now that I say it sounds a little lame, but I love this sketch as a child.
  He apparently in preparation for it would do, he did a, uh, an OP opened for John  Brian at the Largo as Dieter and with like a little band and he did the song.
  He did the Beatles song.
  I'm happy just to dance with you as I'm half.
  I'm as happy as a little girl.
  Oh my God.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Dieter was doing live shows around that time.
  That's crazy.
  Supposedly the script was funny, but then he just like got cold feet and didn't want  to do it, but then they sued him.
  He really did.
  Cause they wanted him because he had a contract.
  So then to get out of the car, like what happened?  So it was with imagine entertainment part of the settlement because it was very  bitter contract was they took him off cat in the hat.
  No, they took him on cat and do cat.
  And he was made to do cat in the hat as a punishment essentially forced into these  prosthetics.
  Put on this snout, Mike, that's what you get for pulling out.
  I was picturing Tim Allen as the person in question for the whole story.
  We didn't know.
  He was that much of a showman.
  You didn't know Tim Allen was on a Saturday night live.
  Well, I was like maybe as a host.
  He used to be big.
  Yeah, that's true.
  He never did.
  Amazingly.
  Also a casualty, I think of this cat in the hat movie, the thing they paid $4  million, the rights for the film rights to Oh, the places you'll go.
  What, how could you make a film of that?  I don't know.
  They were going to try.
  I think, but also how could you make a film of the Lorax and they proved that you  couldn't.
  Yeah.
  I honestly though, I feel like that one could have been good.
  If they had like gotten someone good on board.
  Is it, is it bad?  I don't think I ever saw it.
  I have a distinct memory though of the, the, the one slur craze.
  Uh, well, the what?  Oh no.
  Like one slur had fan girls.
  It was insane.
  Like, and there was no one to ship him with.
  So they would ship him with the good and evil versions of himself.
  It was deep.
  Yeah, this is deep.
  No, my, my thing is, uh, deep in a different way.
  Do you remember the billboards that were all over LA for the Lorax?  It was just a big orange billboard.
  Oh, with just his face.
  Uh, every time I saw those, I would think about how in the great Gatsby, there's  that reoccurring detail of the, yeah, the eyes of TJ Ekelberg that always like, uh,  the book fucking Scott Fitzgerald sat down and was like, I'm going to write a book of  metaphors for English teachers to talk about for years.
  Uh, just those eyes and that billboard watching the characters, the eyes of God  looking down.
  So for like months, I would be the Lorax just following me.
  Just watching me.
  Did you hit someone with your car as well?  When the Lorax was watching?  Oh, uh, yes.
  Uh, my mistress, my mistress was like, oh, this is rough.
  And you look in the sky and there's the Lorax billboard and then old English  teachers just calling me at all hours.
  Like you see, it's a metaphor and the green light is a metaphor.
  You're like the light was green.
  I thought I could go.
  It's like, it's a very compacted version of great Gatsby.
  That's the green light.
  It's just a stoplight.
  Jason's just Jason's life.
  Just my life being haunted by Danny Devine.
  I'm the Lorax.
  Is he the Lorax?  He was the Lorax.
  They realized that the story of the book was hard to like stretch to movie length.
  So they added a framing narrative about a little animated boy voiced by adult man,  Zac Efron, who just sounds like himself.
  He doesn't sound like a child.
  It's just an adult man's voice.
  And his love interest played by Taylor Swift and the Taylor Swift girl.
  Just voice acting?  She was voice acting.
  They didn't even sing.
  It wasn't even a musical.
  Well, oh, it was kind of a musical, but she didn't sing.
  They had like an intro song and an outro song and that was it.
  And the Taylor Swift character is like, gosh, I love trees.
  If only I could see a tree.
  And then Zac Efron's like the way I'll date Taylor Swift is I'll find a tree.
  But there are no trees anymore because this is set after the plot of  the Lorax, so I have to go find the Once-ler and find a tree to impress my girlfriend.
  And that's, this is very, this is more convoluted than Seussical, where  they match up all the Dr.
 Seuss stuff.
  Oh, I hated Seussical.
  My high school performed that.
  Yeah.
  It's it's rough.
  Were you in it?  Oh no, I didn't audition.
  Okay.
  I would just have opted out.
  Seussical.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Seussical has the big, the one big song in that is a person is a person.
  No matter how small.
  Jojo, my best friend at the time was the lead character.
  And it was Jojo.
  They repeat it so much.
  And I remember seeing it when I was in college.
  I was like, is this a pro-life musical?  And it's not, it's not.
  The musical thinks it is, but the wife is like, no.
  No.
  Yeah.
  That's what, after a minute of Googling and looking at the Seuss  Wikipedia page is like, uh, pro-life groups use that phrase.
  Yeah.
  The co-opting and then the widow sued.
  Yeah.
  It's like, please stop doing that.
  Yeah.
  Please stop it.
  She was, I didn't know anything about this Seussical controversy.
  Yeah.
  It's a lot of odd darkness.
  They did use that phrase on like on billboards or whatever.
  I will just say like, I found Cat in the Hat as a book.
  Very anxiety inducing.
  It's not one of the better Seuss books.
  It's kind of reminds me of Alice in Wonderland, which I also didn't like as  a kid and I guess it's like, it's just kind of well-behaved children being  tormented by fantasy freaks.
  That's a good way to put it.
  So it doesn't seem fun cause they're not along for the ride.
  They're just stressed.
  Like Alice is stressed that she's going to die and the little kids in Cat in  the Hat are stressed that they're going to get in trouble and see their home  destroyed.
  There's an intruder in our house and he's whimsical, but chaotic.
  Oh, and he's got two weird little friends.
  Oh, we haven't even talked about the fucking, the thing one and thing two  shirts.
  Oh, I see what you're saying.
  That has been a thing since Islands opened.
  That's a thing.
  Who wears those and why?  They have like thing dad and stuff.
  Thing dad or like, yeah, thing one and thing two.
  And now it's kind of been usurped by the minion shirts, by like the bright  yellow shirts with minion eyes and stuff on them.
  Or the minion overalls printed on them.
  Yeah.
  You guys just jogged a very weird memory.
  This is the strangest story I could tell.
  That is our show catchphrase.
  I had a Cat in the Hat experience when I was a kid and I don't know why I  never made the connection until now, but my dad used to work in video game  development and he worked for the company that made the Bubsy games.
  Oh, are we no, and I have a little, I know, I know,  and I used to play the games too.
  And I guess for promotional purposes, they had like a Bubsy mascot suit.
  And my, my sister and I played the Bubsy games, um, because my dad brought them  home obviously, and we had little stuffed animals of Bubsy that I think only  employees of the company could get these little Bubsy dolls, but we still have our  little Bubsy dolls.
  And then, um, my dad, to surprise us one night, my mom had to go to her like  women's group meeting and she's like, and I just don't have a sitter for you guys.
  Like they were like doing like a long con and she's like, yeah, I didn't find a  babysitter.
  You guys will just have to be good.
  And then she left and we're like, oh my God, we're home alone.
  We're only like three and five.
  What do we do?  And then the doorbell rings and it's Bubsy here to babysit us.
  My dad put on the mascot suit and came home early to babysit us as Bubsy.
  And so we thought that Bubsy had just showed up at our house and obviously he  was like, you know, doing everything wrong.
  Cause he's just a big mascot suit of Bubsy.
  How long did the character acting lay?  He could have been hired officially to do it.
  My dad was a theater major too.
  So, um,  If I saw that I would look out like the front windows of my child at home and saw  that I'd be like, it's scary.
  Get the cordless phone call 911.
  I'm locking the doors.
  And like we were kind of put in the role of like babysitting ourselves because it's  just this big unspeaking Bubsy.
  So we were like, well now it's time for us to go to bed and stuff.
  So it lasted a long time.
  It did.
  And then like my mom got back from her like meeting and Bubsy left a little bit  before that.
  Like we were changing for bed and we came out and Bubsy was gone.
  And then my mom came in like, how are you guys?  How was the night like playing dumb?  And we were like, Bubsy was here.
  It was Bubsy.
  And she's like, what?  But there was no Mr.
  Crinkle Bean to be the voice of reason and go like, Bubsy, just fucking cool it.
  It's just funny because it is a large cartoon cat.
  And I can't believe I never drew that connection until just now.
  But he's like hauntingly silent like the Babadook.
  Yeah, it was like the Babadook.
  It is really scary in hindsight imagining like a tall Bubsy just in your house.
  It's a space you don't expect a mascot suit to be in kind of.
  Yeah.
  That's why you go to Disneyland or to the mall or whatever.
  Text in which you expect them.
  Yes, but when it showed up at your door.
  It's a bit scary.
  Yeah, I was.
  I was.
  It's somewhere between like childhood magic and sort of right.
  For us, it was just we liked it.
  But in hindsight, if that happened to me now, first of all, be weird if you wanted  to babysit me because I am an adult.
  So if Bubsy showed up in my apartment, like I'm your babysitter, I'd be like, I  need a weapon.
  I'm here to tell you what to do.
  Creepy.
  All right.
  Well, creepy.
  But it was like the cat in the hat.
  Made real.
  But Bubsy.
  Literal.
  A weird story I told you guys.
  Thank you.
  For sure.
  You had a cat in your house.
  Yeah.
  That giant cat.
  A lot of people have cats in their house.
  He was like a cool cat though.
  Bubsy.
  He was a cool cat.
  I wish I had pictures of that like mascot suit.
  I'm sure they're in some photo album.
  Like that was not the only time we saw the suit.
  We saw him at like company appearances and stuff too.
  But, um.
  And he would want you there as well.
  Yeah.
  I've never been able to find pictures of the suit like online.
  But.
  Wow.
  I'm imagining a darker scenario than probably what occurred where  like you're happy Bubsy is there.
  You start playing and then you both open up to Bubsy about how much like  all your problems with your dad.
  And now you're like, I don't think he's, I don't think he's holding down work.
  And I think he may, maybe he's being mean to my mom.
  I'm glad you're here instead Bubsy.
  Stay forever.
  I hope our dad never.
  There used to be a light in his eyes and it's since been distinguished.
  Oh my God.
  Maybe the stress of us.
  You're our surrogate father Bubsy.
  But I think what we did with Bubsy is, um, we also as like, you know, having  our dad working there, we had a VHS of the Bubsy pilot, which I think is on  YouTube now, but we were like, let's watch the Bubsy movie and it's about  like his niece and nephew Bubsy.
  And I don't really remember.
  This sounds like the Lorax movie where it's like, they're so  convoluted setting up this stuff.
  I think one of the things that works with Seuss landing is they're like,  look, here's here's one fish, two fish, red fish, blue fish.
  And that was very cute.
  Um, and there's the, there's the carousel with all the fish.
  There's the carousel.
  Oh, it's the Circus McGurkis.
  Oh, uh, yes.
  Uh, or a Circus McGurkis is the restaurant.
  Okay.
  And the carousel is just everything.
  It's a catch all.
  Yeah.
  It's kind of a catch all.
  Uh, there's the, do you guys know about the Zacks bypass?  Are you familiar with the Zacks bypass?  The Zackses were like two, two stubborn creature.
  The they're kind of creature and two of them met and one was going north and one  was going south and they refused to compromise.
  So there, the road was built around and above them.
  And so the trolley train ride does go directly above them and you can, and  there it's just two Zackses stuck in hell.
  That's a deep reference.
  They're just stuck in limbo.
  There's a lot of, the detail work in this part of the park is good.
  Uh, like there is a lot of details, a lot of references to the book.
  Yeah.
  I thought, you know, looking at a lot of pictures, like is, is the  paint like kind of sun dammit?  Like a lot of where it looks good when I went.
  It was fine.
  I think they updated it.
  I think it's like Toontown where it just fades really fast.
  Yeah.
  But then there's also like looking at the Soos art, like it is a very flat  matte style of color, so I think they try, they replicated that pretty  well, but I think it's still fades.
  So my thing is that they, I think they, in trying to recreate, especially  on the ride and trying to recreate the art of the book, I feel like it  looks weird and it looks like, especially like the characters look  there, they're melting a little bit.
  Like, yeah, it looks a little bit like he's melting the colors.
  Don't maybe pop that ride.
  He does.
  And in preparation for doing this talk, I watched, um, I rewatched  a ride through of the ride.
  Yes.
  And in that ride through, the cat looked a lot better than when I saw him.
  So my thinking is that the skin that I saw, and this sounds as scary as it  ought to, I think the skin that I saw on the cat in the hat had been on too long.
  Like his blacks were not black enough.
  He looks like pale.
  There weren't enough squiggly lines to indicate hair.
  It was kind of slouching off his body.
  His eyes happened to splash mountain every now and then where they look good.
  Like you'll notice they stopped moving, but like it's, it's a range of motion thing.
  I feel like their skins hold up pretty good.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah.
  But cat in the hat, it was like his skin is like latex or something.
  It's not fur.
  It's not fur.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  That's an issue.
  Why is it?  It should be more like a cartoon.
  I mean, they should have probably kind of redesigned it.
  They'd not go full Mike Myers.
  But still have a different cartoonish thing, but yeah, like a rabbit or something  like that.
  Cause yeah, cause the way that the characters look is kind of frightening.
  And with fur, you don't have to change it out as often.
  Right.
  Cause that happens with pirates and haunted too is like their skin will kind of slough off.
  Right.
  And I think what they do is they'll go in and kind of whittle off the excess that's  coming off at the edges.
  Like honestly, I saw some ex-imagineer had like a website post and in his keepsake  box, he had like bits of old skin from the haunted mansion skin.
  So it's like that bluish gray.
  Right.
  I saw the skin of Mater from the radiator Springs racer at D23.
  They had his whole mouth.
  His whole skin.
  So that's really, it's crazy.
  They have, cause they have to replace that full Mater mouth every couple months or  something.
  Yeah.
  That must have a lot of wear in there.
  So, so the, so again, that is loose skin a lot and they got to maybe upkeep a little  bit better.
  Also a screen, uh, with some very dated, like 2000 CGI.
  Does that not look good now?  This ride is better than the animatronic, which is not saying a lot.
  This ride reminds me of the Winnie the Pooh in Disneyland.
  It's a similar ride where there's a couple of okay things.
  It's not as good as that ride.
  It's weird though, cause it is more ambitious than that ride.
  Cause Winnie the Pooh is like stiff mannequins and they move a little bit.
  So there's not a lot that can go wrong there.
  Cause it's rigid plastic.
  That's true.
  And I think Cat in the Hat, they do have a much bigger range of motion.
  So it's a more impressive ride because like there's a lot more that's moving.
  It's longer.
  There's a lot of like moving elements and effects.
  You have the little contraptions with arms running all over the room.
  You have scenery swinging out of the way.
  It benefits from being like, there's not a lot of dark rides in islands either.
  Yeah.
  Until I guess if you consider Hogwarts.
  By everything.
  Yeah.
  I'm in the, but they also has the thing like this, I complained about this on  Small World and I was shouted down by my co-hosts and guests that I don't like how  Small World, you can see just the ceiling very, it's very visible and it looks like  a building.
  It depends on like time of day.
  Like if your eyes are adjusted to the darkness.
  I wrote down in my notes, unlike it's a Small World, I am not charmed by this  visible lighting.
  Thank you very much.
  Oh the lighting racks.
  So you can see too much of the lighting racks are pretty clear.
  So as much as you're saying, yeah, like you've been completely trapped in the  house would be horrifying.
  I do think it would be better.
  I didn't even notice that as much just because it was such a sensory overload.
  Cause like there is a lot moving and you're looking left and right.
  And then on top of that, they have the soundtrack of the ride, which is like the  nightmarish giggling of thing one and thing two.
  And then also like the distressed cries of the children in Goldfish.
  So it's just like, it's overwhelming.
  I remember at one point in the ride, like my friend and I just the whole time I felt  bad cause there was like this couple in front of us that just got put on the  vehicle with us and they were just this like adult, like middle Eastern couple.
  They, they appeared to not, not like speak a lot of English.
  I think they were just along for the ride and maybe they were even enjoying it, but  we were right behind them going like, Oh, wait, was there a line for this ride?  There was a short line.
  We waited about five to seven minutes.
  It's not, it's never long.
  Basically a walk on.
  Yeah.
  So I don't like, they should have been giving everyone their own cars.
  They should have had their own cause also they came in from the VIP line.
  So they had bought that pass all day.
  Should have given them their own car.
  Did you wait?  So who got to control the spinning?  Oh, you don't control.
  You don't control the spinning.
  Oh, you don't anymore.
  If you used to, but maybe you never did.
  I don't think you ever did.
  I'm confusing my rides then maybe.
  You control it.
  And that's why I heard.
  Men in black where you hit something with them.
  Not thinking of Men in Black.
  Men in Black.
  Such a good ride.
  Something else.
  Can I throw, can I throw out a little, little bit of trivia and I'm curious if  you guys know the, uh, the answer.
  I was thinking how it is odd.
  It is a very rare Universal Studios dark ride.
  There are not a lot.
  I would say in my quantification of this, I was going to ask, if you could name the  other two, one is ET, probably the first Universal Studios dark ride.
  They had not done another one until Cat in the Hat.
  Well, confrontation is a dark ride.
  It's gone now, but it was a dark ride.
  Well, let me, let me qualify like, like a, like in the more of a kid's style,  little cars, uh, um, you know, like more of family rides.
  Okay.
  Um, like can you name the other, there's only one other one.
  And you're not counting Men in Black.
  I'm not counting, I'm not counting Men in Black cause it's a shooting ride.
  Different genre, I think.
  I mean, it's again, what counts?  Cause like you could almost count the Dudley Doo, right?  Cause it does have scenes that move, but I wouldn't really count it.
   Uh, straight up dark ride.
  It's I'll, I'll give you the hint that it's not in America.
  I, I'm, I'm, hopefully you guys don't know what this is.
  There's a Madagascar safari ride.
  Is that it?  It's called like crate adventure or something, but that is a, that's a water  ride.
  Oh, that's a water ride.
  But in the same park, I believe in Singapore, there is something called  Sesame Street spaghetti space chase.
  Whoa.
  It's pretty fun.
  I recommend a watch through ride through of it.
  Singapore has really good rides too.
  I've only seen ride throughs of them, but their Jurassic park looks a lot better  than ours.
  Does it really?  Oh, is that the one that has a rapids ride rather than a flamethrower?  And then also just the dinos are all way better maintained.
  California's in a very sad state.
  Yeah.
  They have loose skin.
  Well, yeah, they have loose skin, but it looks a little better on a dinosaur.
  They're not as humanoid.
  That's true.
  Um, and you don't really know what a real dino should look like.
  So it's easier to fool the eye and be like, sure.
  That's a brontosaurus.
  Okay.
  I just always think dinosaurs look like better animatronics because we don't have  a basis for comparison.
  Right.
  Um,  Oh, sure.
  And they're lizardy.
  So you expect a bit of skin.
  They're almost like elephants.
  You're just like, okay, they can have some wrinkles.
  They're chubby.
  But, um, I think like a couple months ago, someone made a ride through comparison of  like opening day or opening year, um, Jurassic park river cruise versus 2017  Jurassic park river cruise.
  And not only just the skin maintenance being worse, like them needing some TLC,  you can see that all of them are in their B modes now.
  Like where they're just their range of motion is a lot less.
  So even the ones that are operating properly, they always have like all theme  parks, any, any key or ambitious animatronic is usually pre-programmed with an A  mode where it's working at its full operating capacity and a B mode, which is  like what it does if the figure is having problems.
  So it's meant to be like a last resort mode and not like something you run all  the time.
  It's supposed to be like, it needs maintenance, but it's a major part of the  ride.
  It's a key figure.
  Like it'll look weird if we take it out.
  So in the interest of running the park for the day, we're going to put it in its B  mode so it can function and we'll fix it at night.
  So then there, and then there's whatever the Yeti at expedition ever is stuck in.
  At this point, he does have a B mode too.
  And initially they did just run him in B mode where they minimized his movement,  but now he's just off with strobe lights.
  And that's why when they did the singer, the song, is it the singer of songs in  the avatar?  Yeah, her B mode is a projection.
  The shaman of songs.
  But that's built on a contraption where they can just pull it backstage  immediately and get it on and on.
  And she can be fixed right there without them having to move her out of the  building.
  Like they purposely build stuff that are complex to fix easier than when they  built the Yeti.
  Also like at Disneyland, all figures where the ride can't run without them, um,  have a backup figure as well.
  So in case of emergency, they can be substituted out.
  I think the auctioneer at pirates has one.
  Um, I know that the dog from pirates has one because one time at holiday time,  they pulled it out for a photo op and like we could all take pictures with it  and like wear pirate hats and stuff.
  And I was like, if it's here, what's in the ride?  And they're like, Oh, we have two.
  Cause it's important.
  Yeah, we got another one.
  The joke doesn't make sense if there's no dog there.
  So, I mean, obviously you'll see the singing pirates where it's like a quartet  and it's really common to see one of them just gone.
  Yes.
  Because with those, it doesn't ruin the scene if they're gone, they can just have  a barrel there.
  Ruins it for me though.
  But like, and same for a lot of space or, um, splash mountain ones, you'll see them  taken out and just have blank spots where they should be.
  Wow.
  But, um, yeah, I think we never, we now have a way to quantify, uh, if we've done  a good or bad job in each episode.
  If we're in A mode or B mode.
  Yeah, A mode or B mode.
  Sorry guys, I feel like I was in B mode.
  Or your full Yeti where you just got a strobe light on and a fan.
  I was really phoning it in.
  Cat in the Hat, no longer spinner I found on the website.
  I found on the message board here.
  So it used to be, I believe so.
  Cause I have a memory of spinning it and I'm not that crazy.
  Cause now you hit a hallway where you spin lethargically, like a gentle spin  for the duration of that hallway, but the rest of it, you're just going forward.
  That hallway, I think is the cheapest spot.
  Like that's like the black light hallway.
  Is that right?  That's when, uh, thing one and thing two, push a piano on top of your head and then  you see stars and you see sound effects.
  It's kind of like in Mr.
 Toad when you go through the dynamite.
  Like, yeah, yeah.
  It's just a simulation of a cartoon effect.
  I mean, not every thing can be a giant, huge animatronic.
  There's money costs, but like,  I'm surprised how many they did have in the ride.
  Yeah, that's true.
  It's just all that effort.
  And for a result that's unnerving and unpleasant.
  I am really, uh, the spinning thing is really getting to me that it's gone  because that was one of my favorite parts of the ride is how crazy you could make  the ride in addition to how nightmarish it was.
  And maybe that makes you feel more like you have agency in it.
  Yes.
  I think the current version, it's more of a bombardment.
  Like all these sights and sounds just coming at you.
  I feel like if you're spinning, you've got like a thing to focus on other than  all the things coming at you.
  Yes.
  And you can try to be like a Tasmanian devil also through.
.
.
  Yeah, you're like an active participant in this chaos.
  Yeah.
  You're just, you're just being bombarded, uh, like the children are.
  It's this horrible nightmare day that they have.
  Yeah.
  And I, when I read this, I said, I read the book.
  I was just like, Mike, what if this happened to me?  Like it was just.
.
.
  It is anxiety inducing.
  Yeah.
  And it wasn't fun.
  And I, we would, I would get it read to me, but I didn't love it.
  Um, and the, the film only compounds this.
  I flipped through the film.
  The film is a nightmare.
  If the film occurred to you in reality, I was starting to watch it.
  I was well, cause.
.
.
  You must have known.
  You know, it just showed up on HBO now this week.
  And then I was like, I'm going to watch it.
  So I have stuff to say.
  Oh, yeah.
  Now I got to track it.
  Oh no.
  Now that it's right there.
  Give it a, actually somebody did a good job on YouTube of paring down just the  strangest moments in Cat in the Hat.
  And, uh, the number one being, I'll just spoil it.
  Paris Hilton is in this movie.
  What?  In an unspeaking, they ended up at some nightclub and Paris Hilton is there.
  What, they leave the house?  Yeah, they go out or, or it might, I think part of the house made for a  nightclub, I think.
  Yeah.
  The whole, the house is transforming.
  The whole one is also a nosy neighbor.
  Is that right?  Yeah.
  And he has a big prosthetic gut at some point.
  Oh boy, that's fun.
  Oh, there's a failed.
.
.
  They'd be more offended if they didn't give you one.
  Yeah, yeah.
  There's a, there's a failed, uh, Mike Myers catchphrase in it.
  I don't know.
  I didn't know that.
  He keeps saying.
.
.
  Somebody stop me.
  It's really close.
  The entire character is very close to the mask in that he keeps  transforming into things.
  And here now he's an infomercial host.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  He was Carmen Miranda, which I feel like other characters of that  nature have been Carmen Miranda.
  That is locked in my mind.
  That visual.
  Really upsetting.
  He does a kind of odd little like shake of his like, like his.
.
.
  His cat tail?  Coconut butt.
  Like, uh, it's, uh, it's pretty disturbing.
  That's what the ride was missing.
  The, uh, um, like odd sexually confused moment.
  There's a weird part where he just holds up a dress in front of  him and says, I'm a girl.
  Oh, Jesus.
  I, uh, you don't really know why.
  It's that like early 2000s sensibility of like men dressed  in dresses is only funny.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  How could anyone ever belittle themselves?  Why would he demean himself like a woman?  Only the freakiest freaks, whatever.
  Yeah.
  It definitely comes out of that.
  So Mike Myers didn't do a month long residency as the cat in  the hat like he did for Guru Pindar.
  Opening for John Bryan at the Largo.
  He showed up at the L.
  Ray.
  He's doing some, uh, he's doing working out cats.
  Doing opening sets for Friends, Ferdinand.
  There's a secret show at the People's Improv Theater in New York.
  And, uh, let's just say there's a very curious cat involved.
  I like also dressed as Carmen Miranda on top of it.
  Yeah.
  I like the idea that he would workshop and just go to kids'  houses to workshop the whole thing.
  A la Bubsy.
  That's right.
  A la Bubsy.
  A la Bubsy.
  Your house would have been open.
  The, I want to say one more thing about this movie is that it has  a little theme park connection.
  There's a very bizarre section where there's a, there's a babysitter  who falls asleep, who kind of cannot be trained when she, at the end, she wakes  up and like didn't know anything happened, Mrs.
  Kwon.
  And, uh, and, and at some, and at some point the house becomes this odd  multi-layered river zone and they ride her like a log flume.
  And there's a part where the cat, the kid says, Oh my God, this is  like a ride at a theme park.
  And the cat, Mike Myers turns to Cameron and says, you mean like  Universal Studios?  How horrible.
  Really often he holds up maps.
  Like then accurate, perhaps Universal escape maps that didn't freeze frame,  but it could have been from that era.
  That's a lot of, um, a lot of overconfidence early in the project.
  Uh huh.
  Like the presumption that the film would make so much money that it would  inevitably get a theme park ride.
  That it would get a ride and that even the bare mentioning of it would  boost attendance five fold at the park.
  And the idea that like, well, we know this one's got it in the bag,  that it's going to get a ride.
  So we might as well make a little coy joke.
  I mean, we've got all the powers in the movie, so this is going to be a hit.
  This guy's a catchphrase machine.
  Oh, I didn't say he keeps saying, Oh yeah.
  Like Kool-Aid man?  Pretty much like the Kool-Aid man.
  Yep.
  Does he bust through any walls?  He's got to.
  A lot of walls get busted.
  So it's referential.
  That's par for the course for, uh, but he doesn't say it while doing the busting.
  Or thing one and thing two, like scary little men.
  They are so fucking scary.
  Could you imagine being the widow with the kids?  Like watching this, the Seuss family watching, like, what the fuck did you do?  How did you do this?  Hideous.
  They have snouts.
  The only thing this movie did correctly is that at the end of the ride, um, they,  they, they, they, there's like an announcement, a Corey Burton-esque  announcement saying, uh, uh, you like, uh, you please exit the Quan to your left.
  Cause she's Mrs.
  Quan.
  Right.
  They were riding on her and there's another little scene and then it comes  back and they're holding a souvenir photo.
  And the photo says on the back, I survived the Quan.
  And our podcast ends with you survived podcast, the ride.
  And I just want to say, I feel great that a joke that we do in every single episode  is something worthy of the Mike Myers cat in the hat.
  That's great.
  Do you say that every episode?  You're about to find out.
  Um, so is this a good time?  Well, we should do a poll.
  We should just have our final thoughts with what we do to the ride.
  Final thoughts, cat in the hat.
  Did you like, do you, do you like this ride more than you didn't like this ride?  Or what's your sum total?  It was pretty rough, but I guess that amount of effort I have to respect.
  So, so we have a scale.
  So would you keep the ride perfectly as is, would you plus it up and what are your  ideas or would you just burn it down and for insurance money and build something  new?  Is an option for plus it up to reskin everything and make it a different ride?  Yeah, I would use all the figures and make them some other Seuss property.
  Maybe a Lorax right now that has a downer ending, not Lorax, but something  Horton.
  That'd be a good ride.
  Yeah, I'm not versed enough in Horton.
  Uh, but maybe I want to be, I want to learn what Horton is.
  So, uh, yeah, take it out.
  It's Horton now.
  Yeah, it's Horton.
  So I can experience Horton.
  That's good.
  That's your plus it up as well.
  Yeah, it's just Horton.
  Yeah.
  It's time.
  I do think they have to, I have, I have this general thing about Islands of  Adventure that I, I've said this, I think it was, if we were going to rank VIP theme  parks year to year, I think in 99, 2000, uh, Islands of Adventure is number one.
  It's the VIP.
  And now I feel like it's just not, what else can you do?  You can do little seasonal events.
  They string Christmas lights up around Seuss landing.
  I don't know what else, uh, what other, uh, all these, so many of these things  need a kind of police on life.
  Superhero Island's just there.
  They should take that out.
  It's just embarrassing with Disney.
  I love it.
  No, I love the, well, we love Mike and I love it as it is.
  I also love the, uh, uh, industrial conflict it causes between two massive  behemoths.
  I think it's fascinating.
  It's just up out of spite at this point because they fought contractually to be  allowed to keep it and I think they're going to keep it as long as they can  justify.
  But I honestly think that, especially with Disney getting a Marvel land, it's going  to become even more a source of embarrassment and it should just come out.
  But that Spider-Man ride is so good.
  It's nice.
  It's so, it's, it's the same ride as Transformers.
  So now that they have Transformers, they don't need  the Spider-Man ride.
  The IP is better though with Spider-Man.
  Of course it is, but, Ooh, but they can, what an easy ride to re-theme.
  I'll put it that way.
  They have other properties at Universal.
  They could easily put in a Lucille Ball ride there.
  Oh God.
  A similar, very similar.
  Woody Woodpecker and his Woody Woodpecker wife.
  Or combine them on multiple.
  Smokey and the Bandit.
  It's like the easiest ride of all time to re-theme cause it's so screen heavy.
  So yeah, Lucy, you go through the Ricardo's kitchen.
  I think is a good idea.
  Uh, I will say, yeah, my, my, I would say plus up this.
  Right too.
  I think you could plus up all of Seuss landing.
  And I think like this ride especially made me think about like, you know, the  fantasy land dark rides get sort of a plus thing up like every 10, 20 years or so.
  They had projections and all that.
  They had projections, they clean it up.
  They redo the queue.
  I think you do that for this ride.
  You know, you make the anatronics a little better.
  You add some rear projection stuff.
  I think you do like a full new fantasy land, um, for Seuss landing.
  Cause I love the level of detail.
  Um, I, I, I had a great time going back and looking at all this stuff.
  Cause I, I pass through that island of the park pretty quickly usually, but it's  like, Oh, this is cool.
  This is cool.
  But looking at the restaurants, I mean the circus restaurant looks really cool inside.
  The food looks atrocious.
  Like the food in this part of the park reading these menus look like.
  Such a bummer.
  I mean, all the restaurants are like that though.
  Right?  It's like pizza.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And like the green eggs and ham restaurant is never open.
  Do they not serve green eggs and ham?  They do serve green eggs.
  It's like green eggs with like parsley and arugula and stuff.
  It's not that level.
  What I saw, photos I've seen, cause that sounds kind of nice.
  I think there's green ingredients you could put in.
  I think they experimented with it, but, and then I think they  experiment with dying the eggs.
  It is just like, it is green sponges.
  It looks so fucking horrible.
  Cause it's like McDonald's eggs.
  It's like the bed.
  That's why you put them on a muffin or a croissant, which.
  That's good.
  That would dress it up.
  That'd be something.
  A green egg croissant, which.
  And they always put ham on those anyway.
  Huh?  That's delicious.
  So I, yeah, so, but it should be the better egg for McDonald's.
  It should be the McMuffin egg.
  The point of the muffin or the croissant is to disguise the poor  quality of the eggs and it works.
  That's true.
  Everybody wins.
  So, but I think you can plus up the, I feel like this land, this whole  land should be a lot cooler, a lot wilder.
  The food should be like a kid's dream of like those crazy milkshakes  now with a cake coming out of it.
  Oh right.
  Like Goofy's kitchen status where it's like mac and cheese on a pizza.
  Peanut butter and jelly pizza.
  They should be.
  Do you know that they have a, like a fancy cotton candy place now?  Yeah, I saw that.
  Honk honkers.
  Cotton candy with like toppings.
  It's like multi-layered and yeah, and you put marshmallows in them.
  But they don't advertise that.
  They should be selling that.
  I didn't even know that was a thing.
  I could see that being really good with like Japanese guests.
  Cause they love like Instagrammable desserts.
  Oh, and like sort of bizarrely indulgent.
  Like I know that's like a thing in Tokyo is like a famous shop that  makes massive rainbow cotton candy.
  So yeah, there you go.
  Yeah.
  Uh, but you think they should advertise that like on your TV,  like during basketball games.
  No, no.
  I mean like, but like, like Dole Whip has like, Oh, such a following.
  Like there should be crazy foods.
  A doctor's suit.
  Where it looks cool and be like, it was weird dessert.
  There is a fun fact about the land.
  There's like no straight lines in the land.
  Everything is curved.
  Uh, yeah.
  And, and, uh, uh, but like, see a door and it's straight.
  There's lines.
  All right.
  But then they'll do like trapezoid doors.
  If it's like Tim Town, I haven't scrutinized Seuss Landing, but it's  like, you know, they'll stay whimsical.
  They did a good job.
  I'm not besmirching the workers.
  Stop besmirching Seuss Landing.
  The makers of Seuss Landing.
  Anyway, so there's a lot I like about the, there's a lot and, and, you know,  yeah, I think the ride is ambitious, but I think it's, it's coming up on 20 years.
  And I think yeah, like 1999 was opening.
  I'm even more impressed now.
  How many years you've missed this ride existing?  Better than the show, the voyage of the little mermaid?  No, no, no, no.
  The ride.
  Oh, are you not into the little mermaid ride?  There's a little stiff.
  Ursula looks good, but I think everything else that it could be better is all I'm  saying.
  Uh, well, if you get, I'll give a little plug to, uh, Doug Barnes over at the  Season Pass there, they did a special episode with Tony Baxter where he talks  about his original vision for that ride.
  I've seen the video from the DVD.
  And it's cooler.
  Where you go under the sea and there's the ships.
  Oh, the special feature.
  Yeah, that does look like a better thing.
  And you were like kind of floating in the middle of the ride.
  Tony Baxter has such good ideas though.
  Didn't he invent that Mary Poppins idea when he was like in high school?  Yeah.
  That's one of the things.
  Where it's like you're on a carousel and then they peel off and you go, it was  amazing.
  There's a video on YouTube.
  It's really great.
  Um, and we avoid talking, we're now, uh, three hours and 45 minutes in the first  Tony Baxter reference.
  I was hoping there was a Baxter anecdote from Disneyland or something from me.
  No, I've never met him.
  If I could meet any Imagineer, I'd pick Tony Baxter.
  He's so cool.
  Uh, so yeah, so, so quickly sum up, uh, uh, so we, uh, we don't go to the fourth  hour.
  Uh, um, I just think, as I said before, I want that spinning back.
  I don't like the idea that spinning is gone.
  I thought that was so much fun.
  I think you got to close off the top.
  I think you got to make me really feel like I'm inside this nightmare house.
  And then my last suggestion is add that song from Seussical because I want some  value, some Christian values.
  The one pro life song.
  That's a horrible song.
  You can't put that in Cat in the Hat.
  Okay.
  All right.
  Well then, but I had some of the  Cat in the Hat had a song in Seussical.
  I can't bring it to mine, but it existed.
  Oh, it did.
  We'll add that song in.
  Alright.
  Seussical is sort of like an Avengers set up where they all come together.
  As long as it's a Christian song.
  Oh, wait.
  I know my plus up now, which is that I want the music to be the 1982 album, Cat  in the Hat by a Blue-Eyed Soul singer, Bobby Caldwell.
  Oh, wow.
  Can he have a photorealistic animatronic that comes out of a door and pops up next  Yeah.
  I want a really realistic Bobby Caldwell, his cool beard and cool sunglasses and  cool hat.
  It's not stylized.
  It looks exactly like him.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Or just bring him around.
  He does private shows for every single ride that goes by.
  Wow.
  That's my personal plus it up.
  I don't know if anybody else is down with that, but I'm fine with that.
  That sounds good to me.
  Hey, great.
  Alright.
  Any final thoughts?  Jason's especially agreed.
  Hey.
  Bobby Caldwell goes in there.
  That's all we need to plus it up.
  I guess so with that.
  Jenny Nicholson, you've survived Podcast The Ride.
  See, we say it.
  We say it.
  We do say it.
  It's a reference.
  It's a real reference.
  So we know you do a YouTube channel and we reference you.
  You do great work there.
  You just put in your name on YouTube.
  Jenny Nicholson on YouTube is my channel.
  Twitter as well.
  Twitter as well.
  Anything else to plug?  No.
  That's fine.
  Great stuff.
  Great videos though.
  And as much as much ranting as I think is deserved about topics that should be ranted  about.
  As much as I think a non theme parky audience will tolerate.
  We're trying to make sure there's much less and less non theme parky audience out there.
  If we all work together.
  Yeah, this will be a giant subsect of all audiences.
  And to help that endeavor, go to follow us at Podcast The Ride on Twitter and on Instagram.
  Yeah, and rate and review us on iTunes or whatever the hell.
  Do they call it Apple Podcasts?  What the hell is it really called?  It's not iTunes, right?  Apple Podcasts?  You can do it on iTunes or you can do it on the podcast app.
  We're on something called Art 19.
  Yeah.
  That's about as boring of a thing as I could say.
  But we're on it.
  Yeah, look us up and listen.
  So yeah, thanks for listening guys.
  And we'll see you next week.
  Bye.
  Bye.
