 Warning, today's podcast contains an averted Brady Bunch disaster, a brief yet thrilling discussion of Kathy Ireland's business ventures,  a revelation that's as shocking as a bird in the face, and a less than comprehensive exploration of Kings Island with Dave Ferguson.
  It's amazing in here, it's Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the theme park podcast so thorough we will eventually do an episode about every King Arthur carousel horse.
  It'll be a 68 part series, look forward to that.
 Next year's of time, I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson.
  Every horse has a backstory.
  I would imagine.
 And war will make one up.
 And Jason Sheridan.
  Can't wait to get to those horses.
  I mean the red saddled one is different than the blue saddled one is different than the blue with the gold trim.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Is different than the silver with the purple trim.
  And if you don't know that, you're trash.
  You shouldn't be able to turn around right now, not the podcast for you.
  But you know who is invited and who's hanging out with us today?  One of my favorite folks, I'm so glad he's here, from the birthday boys from Comedy Bang Bang, from Sarah Silverman's I Love You America, it's Dave Ferguson.
  Hey, hey guys, how's it going?  Oh, it's good.
 Good to have you.
 Hello, hello.
  You know that carousel is not all horses, right?  I think, yeah.
  There are probably chairs and other things.
  There's a bench or two.
  So you're gonna do a bench episode.
  Oh, I'm a big fan of the bench on a carousel.
  That'll be nice to break up the flow, actually.
 It's maybe the most unique episode.
  Everybody does the kid that ran for the bench.
  Yeah, because I have tall legs, so sometimes they bang into the ground if you're on a horse.
 Not bang, but you have to hold them up.
  But like if I'm trying to have fun and not put them in the stirrups, put my feet in the stirrups, I can't.
  Well, not to mention your big balls.
  Yeah, I got giant balls.
  Trying to straddle those horses.
  Yeah, that's impossible.
 There's no, like there should be a groove in it in case you have giant balls.
  The Carlson groove.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So the bench is perfect for a large, bald, tall-legged man like me.
  You gotta go carve out the ball space in advance if you want to take that ride.
  Most places aren't letting you do that.
  That sucks.
  Dave, you're here to talk about probably your childhood theme park or what you grew up with.
  Yeah, other than the local YMCA.
  Which we will also do an episode of.
  Kings Island.
  Kings Island.
 And when we were talking about topics, you also mentioned Cedar Point you spent a lot of time at.
  But I feel like partially selfishly, I wanted to talk about Kings Island, and I'm glad you wanted to do so.
  I've been to Kings Island, I was lucky enough to go, and I have very fond feelings towards it.
  Yeah, it's a great park, I can't wait to talk about it.
 How old were you when you went?  I went in 2005.
 I was in college, my college girlfriend is in the Cincinnati, Columbus area.
  So yeah, she set up a special Kings Island day.
  Oh man.
  We also went to the Ohio State Fair where we saw the zombies perform.
  Wow.
  Which is legitimate, I'd seen the zombies before.
 That's a great band to see at a state fair.
  And also, Denny Lane, who is the lesser wing.
  Of course.
  Who performed a very slow.
  I know who Denny Lane is.
  But you may be the only person listening who does.
  My mom does.
  Uh huh.
  My mom and dad.
  Shout out to Mike's mom, shout out to Denny Lane.
  That concert was weird because he, it felt a little tepid.
  Which wasn't like, and he was playing a lot of songs that he didn't write, and then at the end he's kind of guilting you with like,  Put your hands in the air for George, put your hands in the air for John, for Linda.
  He's like associating, he's like dredging up the guilt you might have, like forcing your hands into the air to pay homage to those who passed.
  Okay.
  Rather than propelling them into the air via his rock skills.
  It sounds like, it doesn't sound like the normal Denny Lane show I've always heard about.
  I'll tell you that.
  It sounds like real weird, real unusual.
  Not the ones you read about in Spin magazine.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's very true.
  Still packing them in 30 years later.
  That Denny Heat.
  In 2005, where were you at with your like, going on rides?  Oh, that's a good question.
  Are you at the heat, like are you at the peak power of like, I will go on a roller coaster to impress a girl?  Yes.
 Jenna, my girlfriend, made me do things more than Erin has, my now wife has made me do.
  So I was kind of stretched beyond my typical roller coaster limits.
  Wow, because you said in the past you've ridden the Beast, right?  I did ride the Beast.
  Which is sort of one of the signature rides of Kings Island.
  And on the more intense end of rides that I've been on, I did the Racer.
  And I like both of them, neither of those were like upsetting experiences.
  The only one that was upsetting to me was Tomb Raider.
  Have you done Tomb Raider?  Well, it's changed names many times, but yeah, I think the ride now known as Tomb Raider, I think I've done it.
  Are you talking about the Universal?  No, Tomb Raider being that there was a, they did like an indoor, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I had to look this up in my memory lane trip, but it was not called Tomb Raider when I last went.
  Oh, okay.
  Was it called the Crypt?  Yeah.
  I believe was the public domain version of it.
  Yeah.
  And it seemed like it sporadically operated after, like the effects wouldn't have been at 100%.
  Right.
 Well, it's funny because it's so exciting to talk about this through your lens, because to me, it was the local park.
  I didn't know that the Beast had national appeal.
  Okay.
  I know the Beast.
  It's critical.
 Yeah.
  Because there was a very popular YA like thriller horror book called The Beast that takes place in Kings Island.
  Oh, does someone get hit by a bird in the face in the Beast?  No, they travel back in time, probably to the original park that inspired Coney Island, which used to be down the road from this.
  And then there was a sequel to the book called Son of Beast.
  Wow.
  Like that came out in conjunction with that ride.
  Yeah, that ride opening or the announcement of that ride opening.
  But this was like a Goosebumps, you know, Fear Street style like horror book.
  And it's about Kings Island and it's about the Beast and about kids who get stuck in the past and then they have to get back to the future via the.
.
.
  I guess the Beast sent them back in time.
 I forget now.
 I really should have looked up more about the plot of this.
  But we'll post it on the Twitter.
  That is amazing because I mean, I was into those books and I may have just not made the connection or the overlap or didn't assume it.
  But that is that's some exciting stuff right there.
  This was like a weird one off book.
  This is up there with the Wright brothers being from Dayton, Ohio.
 That's like my only other claim to fame for my hometown.
  Yeah, you finally have some points of pride in your.
.
.
  You know what? Also, well, I don't know where he's from, but it's got to be around where you grew up in the area.
  But Neil Armstrong, I believe.
  We're not strong country.
 Yeah.
  Sure, sure.
 Do you feel that growing? Is there some museum? Is there some way to pay?  Aeronautics is a huge deal in Dayton, Ohio.
 So the Wright brothers are from Dayton.
  There's a bunch of famous astronauts.
  So they have the they do.
 This is the old debate with North Carolina first in flight, whether it be where they were.
  The Wright brothers had their first flight or where that whether they were born in Dayton.
  What's more important for your little license plate debate?  But like so like that was like flight.
 There's a flight of fear ride at Kings Island.
  They always tie in aeronautics into Ohio theme park.
  There is a bunch of stuff because there was the Top Gun Coaster that then became the flight deck coaster.
  This park.
 Yeah, it's fast.
  They've had four different owners starting with Taft Broadcasting who opened it in 72.
  Then Paramount owned it from 1992 to 2006.
  And then Cedar Fair owns it now.
 Right.
 Three different.
  Yeah.
 So three different owners.
 And is there one? Did you miss?  There might be some else in there.
 Taft, Paramount and Cedar Fair.
  There was another like many one that I was there was too dry of a fact.
  Yeah.
 I think in that.
 Well, and also so it was owned by Paramount in the years that I enjoyed it most.
  So from the 90s, early 2000s, and they would brand it up.
  And then there was this weird, awkward year before they sold it to the Cedar Company where like it was still owned by Viacom.
  But they were taking all the branding off.
 Very slowly.
 Caught in between.
  OK, like the rights had all run out.
 So they were just they were taking down like I was just looking at video, just like walking around the park.
  You can catch like there's a poster for the Untouchables or something like that or Days of Thunder.
  They had the Wayne's World car on there for a long time.
  And I was so excited to double check if it was real.
 It was not.
 It was not real.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 They had the Mirthmobile there.
  And then, yeah, they paramounted it up during the Paramount years.
 And now all those like the they just restored a bunch of old names.
  Like one ride is now called The Bat, which is an old Coney Island ride.
  Oh, yeah.
 They just like kind of went back, which is probably great for nostalgic value.
  I just haven't been back to enjoy the branding.
 I see.
  Which is our primary concern.
 Like brands are stripped and unstripped that we got to be there.
  But yeah, I was there, I guess, in the height of of Paramount in which a ride was one of my favorite rides.
  There was the Italian Job.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The fact that there was a I was thinking like the Italian Job has to be one of the greatest disparities of popular like most like how like everlasting.
  The film is versus there was a ride of it for a long time, which doesn't really reflect the movie.
  I mean, you could call this the same ride could also be like Fast and Furious, the roller coaster.
  This is probably a great topic for this podcast because it applies to all theme parks or movie theme parks, which is like a good movie doesn't necessarily equal a good ride.
  No, that's bad movies sometimes make like great like the Waterworld stunt show is great.
  But I don't know that I ever need to watch all three hours of water.
  Totally, totally like that sequence where Tarzan and the animated Disney Tarzan where he's like surfing on the vines.
  That'd be a good ride.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's possible somebody might not like Avatar.
 Yes, it's possible.
  But the land is great.
 I mean, I like both the movie and the land.
  I'm saying it, but it's possible.
 So like you could enjoy Pandora.
  Some psychopath out there.
 Yeah.
 Enjoy the breadth of the Akron's wings.
  And so you obviously like Sivako rise to the challenge is the motto everyone has that goes into Pandora.
  Some of these movies were probably conceived as rides.
 Yes.
  And then they're like, we got to make the damn movie before we can make the ride.
  That's why I want to make movie and TV shows so I can make a ride.
  I believe this.
 Yeah, it is entirely about I did my show with with Dayton native Rob Lowe.
  And there was a moment in promoting it at Comic Con.
 We got to do a laser tag experience for the show, which was only open for two days.
  But it was they like made an immersive environment based on the show that was like still a year away from premiering.
  And I it almost I remember people saying like we might never see Scott again.
 He might like bail here.
  We already.
 Yeah, it is the most fun thing.
  I think it brings together probably what people who would start such a podcast love the most of all these elements of creativity.
  Like we did a dumb thing for birthday boys where Tim Kopp Haggis had this character that was Glandon Fugner, which is like a crappy Walt Disney.
  Oh, yes.
 And he had a Fugnerland, which is kind of this inferior Disney and pitching on what the attractions at Fugnerland are remains the most joy I've gotten out of a writing process.
  I wish I could summon them off and I remember loving the sketch.
 Do you do you remember Fugnerland? Not one.
  I know a lot of them were just based on like removing what's fun about like a roller coaster that's just flat.
  But it's it's it's still like the specifics of amusement park go very well with our dumb brains.
  I think that's like, yeah, that's why roller coaster tycoon is a best selling game.
  I also like revisiting this stuff because I have I have never been to Kings Island.
  OK, but I a number of times my family went to Kings Dominion growing up in Virginia, which was like owned by the same Kings Entertainment Company as Kings Island and Carowinds and Great America.
  One of the parks called Great America and then Canadian.
  There was a Canadian park to Canada's Wonderland Canada's Wonderland, which like they didn't officially own, but they operate in some weird way.
  They own paramount ended up owning 80 percent of it.
 And there is an episode of Partridge Family or we all know that's Kings Island.
  But there is a Canada's Wonderland has an episode of this crazy Canadian show called The Littlest Hobo.
  It's about a dog who wanders from town to town to help people with their problems and then keeps moving on.
  I had this run of like watching.
 They're all on YouTube.
  I watched every little list hobo for a little while and then being at this dull brown Canadian theme park.
 Oh, boy.
  That's that's your sweet spot.
 Yeah, yeah, that's that's the wheelhouse.
  It's really interesting because like the first time I ever went to Disney World, having only ever experienced Kings Island and Cedar Point,  it was a pretty huge mind melter because I had never experienced a story park.
  You know, I mean, Kings Island and Cedar Point are amazing amusement parks.
  I now realize in hindsight, even on like a world scale, they're like world class, but they don't mess around with them frills, baby.
  No, I think I put these parks at least during the paramount.
  I also I think I would have gone once or twice like pre paramount, but like they always had the Hanna Barbera characters.
  Yes.
 Until like 2012.
 A cheaper licensing deal.
  Yeah.
 And so like I remember that when I was very young and then I remember all this paramount stuff showed up  and I didn't really ride coasters a lot as a kid.
  But like I remember the Nickelodeon stuff came like mid 90s.
  And then I was telling Mike, I don't think this was in Kings Island, but at Kings Dominion, there was a busy world of Richard's scary restaurants.
  Wow.
 We did not have that.
 I think I ate like every meal there that I could.
  I thought it was great.
 I think like this might have been like right around the time that the cartoon series was starting.
  I mean, I definitely had the books as a kid, but I just thought that was great.
  And then there was the Flight of Fear in Virginia was called the Outer Limits colon Flight of Fear.
  Even though like none of us had seen the flight of the Outer Limits in year.
  Like that wasn't like and this is a launch coaster for people.
  I'm right.
 Right.
 That's the one that takes off from zero to whatever.
  Oh, and it's got like an Asian 51 vibe to it.
  But I remember like, yeah, all the paramount stuff coming up.
  I think there was also a Star Trek on ice.
 I seem to remember.
  We have to figure that out.
  We talked about somebody brought that up on another show, Star Trek on ice.
  So we're going to have to do.
 We'll cover that.
  But there's a lot less stuff about them.
  There was a lot more things of like the Mason Dixon theater and there was a coaster called the Rebel Yell.
  There's a lot more stuff that that name has been changed since now.
  There was some regional appeal to.
 Yeah, there was some regional appeal.
  But I also like looking back on this, realizing between this and Disney and Universal,  like I learned so much about movie studios as a kid.
  I was like the stuff I liked was like MGM and Universal and Paramount.
  And I would like know who made like I was like, well, clearly these people made this movie and these people made this movie.
  You knew about brand alliances and.
  And yeah, and synergy and yeah, you were indoctrinated.
  Yeah, yeah.
 And you still are very fond of the Paramount brand specifically to this day.
  And as a kid that the summers we would go to Kings Dominion.
  Like, I mean, I knew Disney and Universal were like the next level, but this I was also plenty happy with.
  Sure.
 This level of beaming and stuff.
  And it's a thrill park.
 First and foremost.
  It is about like giving getting up your your gumption to get on a crazy coaster.
  I mean, that is like the main draw.
  So a little goes a long way with the story, because at least for me, this is like the park of my teen years.
  When you don't care about the kiddie stuff, storybook land or nostalgia, you're living life on the very edge.
  Yeah, you also don't care about death because you live forever.
  Yes.
 And it was a perfect park for that time.
  Like I have so many all of my memories are tied to like walking around with groups of preteens,  which is a very different way to experience a park than going with your kids or even in your 30s and reliving what you think was great about your youth.
  Well, this is something I feel like every time we talk about one of these parks, inevitably the word horny shows up.
  Oh, because you're there when you're preteens because it's a local park.
  So like when you're 15 years old, there's boys, there's girls, there's a whole element of like who are you going to see who?  Our eighth grade graduation trip.
  So the big reward of the combination of your K through eight experience was a coed trip to King's Island.
  And that's the whole thing, because you're out, you're not in school, you're not in your parents house.
  Was coed not the note where you had a boys school and like it merged with the girls school?  I guess by default, every experience was coed.
  It wasn't a special, but notably.
 It seemed notable for the same things that Carlson's point out, which is just like, yeah, this was you were allowed,  you were still under total supervision, but you were allowed to kind of walk around the park somewhat freely.
  And that was very different than the school norm.
 Sure.
  It was akin to a dance with a thousand feet high roller coaster.
  Yeah, yeah.
 But you've been with your wife since you were both nine years old, correct?  Yes, that's true.
 You didn't have time to.
  Honestly, that is true.
 What's the actual timeline?  Most of my memories of those kind of pre-teeny teen trips were more about like just being mischievous.
  Like I remember an entire day of walking around the park because we had gotten on one of the log rides or not one of the log rides,  one of the rides that had a water element in the seat was wet, you know, and we thought that was annoying or whatever.
  We started asking people how their butt water was.
  Just, you know, like walking up to people in a very prepubescent way just to get a rise out of people saying, how is your butt water?  And that's not funny now.
 I doubt it was that funny then.
 I disagree with that.
 I think that's funny.
  It's a funny phrase.
 It was like the culmination of like a great teen mischievous experience.
  Harmless, stupid, confusing, confusing.
  Probably your most common response was, huh? Yeah, yeah, I think that was.
 And that was enough to get a pretty good laugh.
  But what's the ideal reaction? Is it like a rumpthy lady like, my word.
  Right.
 I think you want an indignant response, if anything.
 I don't remember.
  Or to have somebody go to like a security guard and say, you know what these guys said about butt water,  can you have them removed from the park? And they're like, nah, man, anything goes here.
 And then he gives you beer.
  Yeah, that would be the supreme.
 Not in our wildest dreams did we think we could achieve it.
  But yeah, I mean, Kings Island, the other thing that's notable about Kings Island is it does have an attached water park.
  But what's what's unique here is that they're in direct competition with a giant water park across the road called the beach.
  And the beach was an attraction like big enough unto itself to be worth the one hour drive for my family.
  So like we never like equated the Kings Island trip with a water park trip.
  I mean, having to pack your wet swimsuit.
 That was a lot of my I remember my parents having to do the like, all right, we got to have a bag because they're going to have to put their bathing suits on and the dry clothes.
  And then there's towels, right? Like, so so we always did one or the other.
  But they had a great the theme song for Kings Island.
 This is really weird branding.
  It was like a song, a jingle that was like in the 90s.
 It was like, come to the beach.
 Oh, it's easy to reach right across from the island.
  The island was marketing while referencing the competitive.
  That was the beaches pitch basically is we're right across from the other thing you really want to go to.
  So just come here.
 Yeah.
 And now there's also now I don't know if this has replaced the beach or not, but it's replaced.
  Like there used to be a Kings Island Hotel, like a Kings Island in close by that they closed a few years ago.
  And now they say like, maybe you should stay at the Great Wolf Lodge down the road, which is a combined.
  We have one of those in.
 Yeah.
 In Orange County.
 It's a it is a indoor water park with a hotel built into it.
  Wow.
 It's kind of it is really crazy.
 Like, Ohio must be a natural magnet for this type of attraction.
  It's landlocked.
 It's well, other than the Great Lakes, which are legit.
 But, you know, it just has that kind of easy to reach appeal for the region.
  Because Cedar Point is huge.
 Kings Island's huge.
 There's a lot of little parks like that.
  Yeah.
 Like kind of highway attraction level things that have just like survived the test of time because they don't have to compete probably the same way.
  Is there anything around there that gives you like an actual an actual beach like where would you go? Was it to a lake or two?  Yeah, you could go to the Great Lakes in the summer, which is great.
  It's like a very much a boating culture or a lot of people would hit like Virginia Beach, go, you know, go east down the Atlantic seaboard.
  I mean, like for us, it was like we were either going down to Disney World and making a huge trip of it or like a lot of like Dollywood is not far.
  That's that's Tennessee.
 So you had gone.
 I've been to Dollywood.
  Yeah, a lot of people have been to Dollywood.
  What are your Dollywood feelings? It's great.
  It's it's got a real smoky mountains theme, which like it sits in the Smoky Mountains.
  So as you drive in, you're driving through like a natural preserve on a Tulane like cool road.
  And there's like Black Bear themed things all over the place.
  There's like an Alpine slide you can ride.
  It's a it's a park in an actual cool part of the country that people wouldn't think to visit.
  You know, it's it's like got a big natural appeal.
  OK, actual natural.
 We'll be going.
  We'll we have to take it.
 It's worth the trip.
  Yeah, but you can see that seem like I don't want to like say too much, but doesn't it seem like our best like shot in terms of like maybe like outreach?  We have got to put out a little bit of PR.
  Let's say this.
 A number of different people have offered us free things in regards to Dollywood.
  That's all I'll say.
 Yeah, that's been our most progress so far.
  We've tried to reach out to we've reached out to certain places of that have been more receptive than others.
  I know I know some mutual friends have gone recently.
 You got to put this out into the world.
  Yeah.
 So people, if you're listening right now, call your friends, call Dolly herself.
  If David Phillips is listening, let's just let's make this happen.
  We talk about that on the air or make a whole episode.
  Yeah, we know somebody who got a birthday phone call from make this happen.
 Dolly Parton.
  Yeah, yeah.
 And her as a guest someday.
  It just has to be one of our birthdays.
 I like a theme park and presario.
  I mean, I like the idea that we would have her on and talk about just the theme park.
  Yeah, the movies.
 Just be like, well, what about the roller coaster?  Were you in the design phase of the were you the one who was helping plan out what the layout of the park would be?  She was in like a 3D movie or something.
 I'd want you would have to devote 40 minutes to that.
  Yeah.
 Beats the crap out of Mr.
 King or whoever the hell that was.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
  The Dolly Parton bringing this up reminded me of part of part of the founding of Kings Island was for one thing, Coney Island.
  The this this older park used to be about 10 miles down the road from where Kings Island is now constantly flooded.
  Yeah.
 So they're like, well, we got to move.
  We you know, people some of the board was like, oh, we should move this.
  And we were resistant to it.
 And then it was rumored that the actor Fess Parker, famous for playing Davy Crockett in the Disney miniseries slash movie and later on playing Daniel Boone, was going to open a park in Kentucky.
  So they scrambled.
 So they scrambled.
 And they're like, oh, we got to all right.
 We got to move it.
  And then, of course, the Fess Parker project fell apart.
 The money didn't materialize.
 But like there was almost another celebrity founded theme park in the region.
  They probably played it right.
 I mean, they probably played it right because Newport and the area that that that the old park Coney Island was in on the river does flood a lot.
  Like in the history of the Ohio River, there's a lot of flooding.
  And so they had like endless expansion room.
 And that's one of the things that's very well known about this park and why a lot of people think it has a higher ceiling than Cedar Point is they have room to grow.
  So they like kind of constantly improve and expand in a way that some other parks can't.
  Oh, do they not? Yeah, because it really butts up to just wilderness.
 Yeah, it's pretty open.
  Do they own like all that? Or is there a hard boundary?  I don't know if there was a Walt Disney swamp buy up story, but I do know that like the beast.
  So it's famous for being.
 Is it still the longest? Or no? I think so.
  Or maybe in the US, but not in the world.
 It's so hard.
 Like stuff loses it and then it's still noted at.
 But the longest in this region.
  One of the longest wooden roller coasters in the world and one of the reasons it's great is because, you know, if you ride Thunder Mountain at Disney, it's a great ride, but you don't have many straightaways.
  Yeah, you know, to kind of build suspense and kind of just like enjoy your atmosphere.
  But on the beast, you're going through a pretty woodsy area and have a lot of like wooden tunnels with like open planks.
 So it kind of creates this like really rustic, natural vibe that like is unique for no other reason than you can go into a wooded area.
  Yeah, you really feel like you're in the middle of nowhere.
 This is an idea.
  This video I did at Funny or Die that was called Roller Coaster Safety with Patrick Warburg.
  I don't think I've talked about on the show that was a real or it was a fake.
 It was like the pre-ride video for a fake ride that we got Patrick Warburton to be in of actual video Soren.
  The level of nerd out to have our guy in one of the real video.
  And he said like, you know, I'm in one of the real things.
 Like, fuck yeah.
 You think Patrick.
  And then he walked away for half an hour and threatened to leave because of my attitude.
  He's also on Star Tours.
  Oh, that's right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Which he revealed to me it hadn't opened yet and he whispered on the set like I did something for the new thing.
  True Hollywood rumors.
  That wasn't even out online.
 I got inside info for those couple months.
  I felt pretty special I gotta say.
  They pitched his voice up too.
 I don't think most people know it's him.
  I don't think you.
 Yeah, there's not really a tell.
 He's the guy who's like looking through like he's like letting the security guy.
  Right.
 On Soren.
 Yeah.
 No, no, no.
 On Star Tours.
  Well, that's what he's doing in Soren basically.
  They're different characters.
 Warburton in Soren.
  He's more of like a military.
 He's a little calmer.
 He's a hero.
 He saved lives.
 The Soren guy.
  And on Star Tours, he's kind of like, all right, move along.
 Move along there.
  He's like a robot TSA.
 They pitched it up.
 So it's even more like move along.
 Move along.
  It's his voice.
 A little bit of attitude.
 Keep going there.
 Keep going.
 Like that kind of.
  I mean, what a what a cool claim to fame for Warburton.
 I mean, like what a it's it has more staying power than any other form of cameo.
  I mean, more people see that per year than.
 Yeah, that's kind of he kind of is a nerd for that stuff from what I could tell.
  Like he does because sometimes you'll catch that actors I've probably watched every interview or like any any glimpse I can get of.
  Now you were in this ride and it really breaks my heart when an actor is like, yeah, I don't know.
  That was a quick shoot and I don't remember and I heard I never went and visited it.
  Warburton, I think, cares.
 Here's a here's a fun tip for you.
 Ken Marino is you guys know what the hell might be trying.
  I was like, did I even like the second I started to say it, of course they know they probably digested that whole episode.
  We did an entire episode that hasn't come out yet.
 I'm not sure if it will have when maybe we'll have.
  We have yet to decide.
 Yeah, I was I was on the ride last week.
  This is the this is the rock and roller coaster roller coaster there, Smith.
  Oh, but I was starting to say the thing that inspired that I was like a like a scary, particularly odd, scary video for a ride that doesn't exist.
  That like seems to go forever and be insanely dangerous.
  And there's a joke in it about like part of it takes place across the US Canada border.
  So you have like a mountie stops you and checks your passport.
  And that was completely based on the Kings Island experience because there was a moment in the beast where I was like, I've been on this for half an hour, I feel.
  And we are so deep in the woods.
 If we like if you if you fell off the ride at that point, could you get back to civilization easily?  It is one of the few rides that you don't leave saying like, I like it's over before it started.
  And one time I was there when it was pouring rain and we we just got in as many rides as we could and doubled up on the beast, which like they were letting people stay on.
  Yeah, which is just like that's a train ride.
  Yeah, a trip from here to San Francisco.
  But it was like it is such a great it rattles you.
  So like if if you're ever at the park and you are the type of person that gets doesn't like getting tossed around.
  It's not the best ride, but it is like a classic.
  My personal favorite ride, at least at the time, I think if I went back, the beast is probably what I try to get on first.
  But is actually the Vortex, which is a looping like when it first opened, it was one of the most loops for for its type.
  And it just feels fast.
  It's like one of those rides where you're going the same speed you are on any other roller coaster.
  But because you're feeling a little more geez and like twisting, it's so contained.
  It feels like a speed coaster.
 Sure, sure.
  And you know, that brings someone had asked us on Twitter recently, like why, why don't why do we think like smaller parks like this?  Like we had done an episode on Hershey Park and why don't they have more like Disney style dark?  Why don't they have more dark rides? Why do they have so many coasters?  Because I don't really they didn't really like coasters.
  They prefer more dark rides sort of thing.
  And I think one of the reasons is that it's I mean, one, it's easier to build a roller coaster.
  You can essentially buy it, quote unquote, off the shelf because companies that make these just have different models and you can build them just like it is.
  But then you can also brag about like the most number of loops in New Jersey or like the fastest in the Northeast region.
  Like that helps the marketing and that appeals to like, you know, the team, the thrill seeking teams.
  And that brings like, yeah, like Scott, you know, to the you appeal to the ultimate badasses like old Scott.
  If they just had something called the super high horn ball, they'd have things covered.
  And it would just be like, you know, like a horny ride that goes really high and really low.
  More butt water per car.
  And he really likes to work jokes.
  Everything on it slightly looks like a like as you go up the lift till it's like a lot of bananas with the apricots next to the base or the phallic phantom.
  There's like a Cathy Ireland animatronic at the top waving to you.
  That is for an audience of you.
  Oh, Cathy, people like everyone.
  Yeah, it's for the Pepsi generation.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 That's that's good.
  I remember her name getting said a lot when people were making a big show out of the fact that they like girls now.
  Like you would you'd see you wouldn't hear my memory was people on the playground not saying like, I got Cindy Crawford's really attractive to be like, oh, Cindy Crawford.
  Right.
 Like people had to put on these gigantic shows.
  I think nobody knew what was going on for themselves either.
  So there's a lot of projecting.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So if I start shouting about this now, I'll be I'll defend myself from it.
  I'll defend myself from the challenges of my peers.
  I like that Cathy Ireland was like the hipster choice.
  Cindy Crawford, that's old man.
  That's that's your dad's your dad's model.
  Cathy Ireland's our generation's model.
  What is what was Cathy Ireland?  Was she just known for being in magazines?  Did she have a couple TV appearances, I recall.
  But I think she I think she has like a whole line of clothing.
  Mary has a ceiling fan.
  She really got in on like.
  What?  She's a powerhouse.
  Yeah, she owns a lot of stuff.
  Ceiling fan.
  Worth more than you, Garen or back up.
  She could be a Shark Tank shark.
  Absolutely.
  The way they all own like six or seven different businesses and have shares in a million things.
  I'll find a way to perfect the ceiling fan.
  I'm coming for you, Cathy.
  Dave, did you ever ride The Son of Beast when it was briefly open?  Yes, it did catch the very end of my years around Ohio and being able to have time and to do these kinds of things.
  I didn't like it, so I was part of the popular opinion.
  But it was like something to behold visually.
  Yeah, because to build that internal inverted loop that the scaffolding around it was like it just looked like a honeycomb of like wood planks.
  Like, yeah, it really is a unique architectural achievement, even if it was a failure as a ride.
  Yeah.
 So this was a wooden coaster sort of built like they made a big deal out of it.
  It's like the sequel to the Beast, The Son of the Beast.
  And it had a loop.
  It was a wooden coaster with a loop in it.
  First ever.
  I think second ever.
  But the previous one was so long ago.
  This was like in modern memory.
  Too many people died for it to count.
  You're probably not far off.
  They never completed a full loop, so it didn't count because it didn't work.
  They just fall.
  It doesn't connect.
  But yeah, but plagued with problems.
  Like not pleasant to ride.
  It seemed like they changed the cars eventually.
  Later on, they found out there were some weird engineering problems where it was a miracle.
  There was only a few accidents and no fatal accidents.
  Yeah, it really plays into the lore of the park, probably in the sense of it makes you wonder, is anybody watching what's going on here?  Yeah.
  Oh, I was going to say that to bring back to Neil Armstrong that I found a quote from Neil Armstrong about the park, which is that he did not go on the Beast.
  And when asked why, he said, when I went to the moon, I was in control.
  You've got some 20 year old kid running that thing.
  And I got to say, I agree.
  That is very true.
  Although in this case, I did go on the Beast.
  So you can call me braver than Neil Armstrong.
  Yes, but clearly I'm braver than Neil Armstrong.
  Would you have overlap with Son of Beast, Scott, on your visit?  It was there.
 I certainly did not go on that.
  Well, the funny thing, Jason Craig made me wrong, but it kept standing long after they shut it down.
  Yeah, it was still up for a while.
  And they're like, oh, but next season.
  How embarrassing.
  Yeah.
  I think there was also like I watched, I think I watched there's a series called the Funkland that we like a lot.
  And I think they talked about it like the people in Ohio in charge of like monitoring coasters or like it's either the parks and recreation people or like the fish and guava.
  It's people who are not qualified to look at.
  So like people would be like, yeah, I mean, the math works.
  Yeah, I guess it's OK.
  Like people just didn't know.
 And like as they were tearing it down, they're like, oh, yeah, some of this wood is not right.
  Or like things aren't.
  I mean, building building the scaffolding out of wood in a in a region, the country gets a lot of water, a lot of rain, a lot of wind, you know, tornadoes does seem like you're daring God to kill a preteen already.
  Yes.
  I died as he wished with a boner.
  It's not the longest roller coaster anymore.
 That's that belongs to the Steel Dragon 2000.
  OK, longest wooden, though, the longest was the longest wooden until they took the loop out when they reopened it.
  And now I think California Screamin might be technically the longest one.
  See, that's the thing, though, about like the roller coaster.
  People are so mad right now that we don't know this.
  Well, it's the same thing with height of buildings, you know, if you had the antenna all of a sudden.
  Yeah.
  Sears towers and doesn't count.
  These building fights, speaking of I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say what I was going to say.
  It is very hard to keep straight at this.
  I feel like there used to be a clear what it was in Paris State Building now.
  It's and then it became Sears Tower.
  I don't know.
 It's some Dubai thing now.
  I don't know what it is.
  And they keep adding to dads.
  They got to get the tallest building thing that was great.
  One thing's for sure.
  It is not the Eiffel Tower at Kings Island, which is an attraction.
  Yes.
  When you walk in a replica, quote unquote replica, you see the picture, it's not really a replica.
  It's a third size is what I saw.
  My wife didn't know much about this park and that that part really confused her.
  Why is there an Eiffel Tower?  There's one in Virginia, too.
  I think there's one at Carowinds, maybe.
  Probably that European eclectic vibe of like you can't have a castle, you know, this is fun.
  Yeah, there's International Street.
  There's a bunch of fountains, you know, international style fountains.
  Is it the same theory, like the same thinking that Michael Eisner had when he wanted to open Disney's MGM studios?  We're like, if we just build a studio here, no one's going to go to Universal Studios.
  So they were like, well, no one needs to go to Paris now that we have our own.
  We have our own just as good one.
  It's the New York, New York theory in Vegas.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We got it all right here.
  Basically, how's their Eiffel Tower stack up?  That's got to be bigger.
  That's got to be bigger and closer because the late.
  The one the Kings Island one kind of looks like it's made of Legos or something.
  Yeah, but it is a good view of the park.
  All of these things have their charm.
  Like I know they I was just reading that they redid like the turnstile entrance just to have a better signage.
  And I was like, oh, my gosh, is it going to be really nice?  And it was like, no, it was just a sensible update.
  You know, like they don't waste money where it doesn't have entertainment value.
  And I kind of love that.
  I mean, Disney has a luxury to fail, you know, and like invest a lot of money in certain details.
  These parks to survive and to keep them at like a non cost prohibitive level for the average family.
  Like they make the right move.
  They buy like these prefabbed awesome rides.
  So it's admirable.
  The thriftiness of it.
  Yeah, that's why I like in a park.
  A good thrifty appeal.
  The other thing is a lot of these parks in colder parts of the country don't operate year round.
  They're usually like, you know, end of April, middle of April to October, maybe.
  And maybe they looks like Kings Island sometimes has done.
  Yeah.
 Winterfest like open around Christmas.
  Hershey Park did this.
  Some of the Six Flags maybe do it.
  Yeah, I went to Winterfest once, at least I remember.
  And they would basically just put up some temporary tents around the park, like kind of heated tents.
  I can't remember.
  There's probably like a lighting display and stuff in some of the area.
  But the most memorable thing, again, I was probably 10.
  But there was a guy singing in one of the tents, like a novelty act.
  And he put on a Rasta hat and sang Jingle Bells.
  And the only difference was that he added mon at the end of everything.
  It was the most culturally appropriated junk of all time.
  It was just Jingle Bells mon, Jingle Bells mon, Jingle all the way mon.
  And me and my 10 year old white bread friend thought that was the funniest performance of all time.
  And when I think about it now, I probably like went home and sang it to friends at school.
  Yeah, you absolutely did.
 Sure.
  What a friggin loser.
  A young Adrian Brody saw it and gave him an idea for his SNL musical guest intro.
  That's a very obscure reference.
  I know what you're talking about.
  If anybody hasn't seen, look up Adrian Brody.
  Who's he introducing? Sean Paul.
 Perfect.
  He's introducing a reggae band.
 So he decided to do this lengthy.
.
.
  They told him not to do it.
  And just like all this nonsense.
 And then he.
.
.
 Oh, did they tell him not to do it?  Yeah, they told him not to.
 He said, I want to do my reggae band character.
  I want to do like a reggae guy character.
 They're like, no, please don't.
 And then he went and did it anyway.
  Brody's like a hard band.
 Yeah, he's a hard band from doing that.
 Yeah.
  Did he like hide the hat and the wig somewhere and then.
.
.
  He must have.
 That's a good point.
 He had to secure it somehow.
  So unless the wardrobe department got clearance to do so, he like drove over to a 99 cent store in Manhattan.
  Oh, yeah.
 Maybe they never had the wig at all.
 And that was the quality of it from what I recall.
  It was like what you'd buy from a costume store.
 So he kept that in the room.
  Like when Sacha Baron Cohen snuck Ollie G into the Oscars.
  It's the same thing.
 Yeah.
 A beloved, two beloved characters making a surprise appearance on TV.
  Did he put it all in a backpack? He had him in his pocket.
  Like I think his wife had like it in a purse or something and then she had to like sneak it to him before he went up there.
  Oh, man.
 Were you working for the movie awards when one that was not fated that Bruno crash landed on.
.
.
  I actually did not work on that year.
 Oh, I thought you did.
 I worked the year right after.
  OK, so we were there for the fallout.
 It was being discussed.
  It was like the Jimmy Kimmel.
 There were the Warren Beatty envelopes.
  Like never again.
 We security on high alert for comical Europeans.
  Was Bruno falling on Eminem? Yeah.
 Wasn't that scripted though? Wasn't that planned?  Jason, how could you dare make such a claim?  There's only one person here who would truly know the inside.
  Although you were there at the time.
 I was only there for the fallout.
  At that point, the rumor mill was in full effect.
 The cover up was on.
  Mr.
 MTV himself had shut it down.
  No, I don't know the full details.
 I know the people who would.
 But they're not here.
 We're dead to us.
  They're in protective custody.
 They can't share this information.
  I'm not sure if the timeline overlapped in this, but that was all owned by Viacom, who owned these parks at the time.
  They could have made a ride based on Bruno dangling down.
  Actually, they would have owned the rides.
 It could have been a stunt show.
  Oh, yeah.
 A great stunt show.
 Like a Bruno Mars.
  Actually, that would be a much more popular stunt show.
  But really, a Sacha Baron Cohen character themed stunt show.
 I'm on board.
  If you could get every character from the Cohen versus Bruno, you get the general, you get Borat.
  I mean, of course, because the crowd work would be amazing because you get like a local higher version of Sacha Baron Cohen.
  If you held auditions at an Ohio theme park for who would play Borat, there would be a line of twenty thousand.
  Everyone in the state would audition for it.
 Young, funny, old, female females open to that.
  Absolutely.
 Why not? It's totally blind casting.
  Fanning down the lot that endless line, longer than the beast itself.
  Yeah.
 Murmuring, my wife, my wife, my wife.
  Three people for each character too.
 Wouldn't be the same person playing all the roles.
  Absolutely.
 You're going to see a lot of those baby blue Borat suits in that line, though.
  Right.
 But you'll see some Bruno.
 You'll see some Molly G's.
  Bruno's Borat suit isn't baby blue.
 It's kind of blue, right?  Oh, here comes a fight.
 Oh, I don't know.
 I don't know.
  My role is the riff of the pod.
 That local casting, I know it's a thing you guys have covered occasionally,  but Scott was nice enough in my little walk down memory lane.
  He sent me a 25th anniversary special that P.
 Island financed.
 Oh, my God.
  So, Jason Priestley is the talent.
 Yeah.
  And what the segue here for me was that he runs into a number of actors from the park.
  And one of them is an approximation of Doc Brown,  but it's completely unlicensed and played by like a 14 year old.
  Well, he also was like talking about a lot of Ghostbusters stuff.
  It was like a Doc Brown outfit and just mixing in Ghostbusters like Phantasmagoric, like slime.
  But it didn't make any.
.
.
 Was he walking around the park or was that just for the special?  I'll have you know, I watched the entire thing and I never made heads or tails  of whether these were actual pre-existing Kings Island characters that he was running to  or if they were written for the narrative of the special.
  But basically, the theme that they went with is it's a 25th celebration.
  Jason is interacting with real kids throughout the park that have snuck in with him on a day that it's closed.
  And he is kind of infiltrated.
  His mission is infiltrated by these secret agents that look like the Blues Brothers.
  Yeah, but there's more than two of them.
 There's four Blues Brothers.
  And they're with the Park Aficionado Committee or something.
  Well, this is what's weird to me.
 They were with ACE, the American Coaster Enthusiasts.
  Which is real.
  Which is a real organization, but they don't.
.
.
 They're just people who like coasters and wear normal clothes.
  I'm not quite sure why they made them look like sinister men in black.
  I think the answer to your question of why is that this was likely written by a park employee.
  That's the feeling it had to me.
  They were like, we have maybe 20 grand to spend on this big blowout.
  We're going to get Priestley and the rest is on us.
  Yes.
  Now, why Priestley? Was he a.
.
.
  Biggest name who would say yes, maybe.
 Teen Heartthrob.
  Who the teens were the most horny for.
  Was he from the area though?  No, I looked that up too.
 He's a Canadian.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  That's what I thought.
 But maybe he had a trip to Kings Island.
  Or was he a random hire?  I think he was legitimately hot at the time.
  So he probably was an attention getter.
  And I don't know if that.
.
.
 It's a YouTube video now, but I don't know if it was a regional broadcast on paid television or.
.
.
  Must have been like a local TV thing.
  Look, I'll correct you.
 I'll say it was the 20th anniversary.
  If you look it up on YouTube, although we'll post it and probably post clips from it.
  But yeah, the Kings Island 20th anniversary special from 1992, which to me.
.
.
  I think this whole thing elevates Kings Island for me that they had an idiotic 90s TV special.
  It's been, again, my favorite.
.
.
  You like that better than the park sometimes.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
 I put a lot more time into watching these things and archiving moments from them than going to places.
  So yeah, is this the only non-Disney Universal park to have a special of this nature with little skits?  No, there's no way.
  It was great.
 I really did enjoy it.
 I thought I was going to watch 30 seconds and I kept going.
  I'm so glad.
 Well, I want to highlight another moment from that, which is that.
.
.
  So if there is a loose.
.
.
  Well, you described one of the loose plots, which is the Blues Brothers men magically appearing on the coasters,  but also the Doc Brown ripoff guy who you mentioned with a big hat full of doodads on it.
  He's talking about particle disturbances that are happening in the park.
  And I don't know why that day in particular.
.
.
  The little digital tornadoes that have just been loosely animated across the screen.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Looks like a lot of gifts.
  That happens a number of times.
  Yes, which culminating in a very strange section where Jason Priestley is talking to kids about what animals they like.
  And then he just casually says, I've always wanted to be a giraffe.
 Next line, oh no, Jason, look out.
  The kid points behind him.
 He looks, bizarre close up of just his eyes as the swirl that we saw in one scene prior.
  The digital tornado.
  The digital tornado heads towards him.
 It engulfs him, then drops him off in a different area where he is human, but quickly morphs into a giraffe.
  Into a giraffe in the safari park.
  And I promise you on our Twitter a GIF that I've made already, or a GIF.
  Oh, great.
 It's an achievement, CGI.
  Go to our Twitter if you want to see Jason Priestley anamorphing into a giraffe.
  I wrote down some of those kids' lines.
 Some of those kids' lines were pretty.
.
.
 One of the kid goes, there goes his career.
  Yes.
  And then the other kid goes, oh, he was going to be in movies.
  Yes, which is like a very savvy Hollywood joke.
  Yeah, both are pretty good.
 So I'm like, wait, were the writers there feeding kids lines?  Definitely.
  Maybe.
  No, I was wondering if Jason Priestley's feeding them lines.
  I want to say Jason was more checked out than you're giving him credit for.
  Yeah, I have to think there were some writers.
.
.
 Because then there's some weird mugging later on where he's like, get out here, wise guy.
  Why is he doing that? That's like a comedy writer go to his old timey afferism.
  It reminds me a lot of John Stamos on Full House would do a lot of like, it's some weird like several steps from Stooges.
  I will say he seemed to be a good sport.
 There's one memorable moment in the video where he's riding the racer with a young volunteer and they didn't pre-screen the young volunteer and the kid is terrified.
  He looks like he's like trying to hide from the ride and Jason kind of puts his arm around him and like cheers him up like while still like playing the scene the way it was planned.
  So, you know, he won some points.
 And at the end, the end of the video says promotional considerations or travel considerations and lodgings provided by and the hotel they show as his lodgings is the most adorable like budget in.
  They show the room like the interior of the room and it's like he made a sacrifice to make a couple bucks.
  Yeah, he they also gave a shout out to the local RV company that rented his dressing for his dressing room trailer.
  Oh yeah, Jason Prucey's trailer provided by.
 They used to do that I feel like they would say like trailer provided by.
 I've seen that before.
  It's very charming.
 Yeah, you could tell they made a special effort to elevate their production situation to this Hollywood person.
 The charm that is imbued in every part of this park is evident there.
  But you know, it's funny because like as much as people dig on Midwest stuff, it always does bug me because like that's kind of a unique experience in the Midwest is like priestly legitimizing your park.
 There's nothing crappy about that.
  That's that's great.
 That's a coup for the park.
 There's a coup for the RV company and that local hotel establishment.
 And the Midwest in general.
  Yeah, the Midwest in general.
 It's a win-win.
 It's a coup for me to watch 26 years later.
  There's some there's to you reference some a little bit.
 I accidentally did in the 70s when it was still owned by who was the original owner?  Taft Broadcasting.
 That's how they had the the Hanna-Barbera license and I believe the Smurf license because the Smurfs were present in the park very early on.
  Right.
 They also got crossovers.
 There's a Brady Bunch episode and a Partridge Family episode, both very similarly premised.
  Yes.
 What is the Partridge Family one? Because I know Brady Bunch.
 Oh, sorry.
 Go ahead.
 Oh, no, you if you don't make it up wrong.
  I have the thing here.
 They're traveling performers, so they're performing at the park is the basics.
 It's less torture to get them there.
  The Brady Bunch is he got the engineering job to do a design at the park.
 So he's flying the whole family to Cincinnati and they have this whole moment of like, we're going to Cincinnati.
  Oh, yeah, it's a real shit on Cincinnati.
 And then when he explains what's up because we get to go to a big theme park, then the reaction is like, oh, cool.
  It's still like a B plus enthusiasm from the family and both.
 Coincidentally, there's a B story where the young male member of the family falls for a local.
  Keith meets the public relations host.
 Keith has a crush on her, says the IMDb.
  Yep.
 Oh, wait, I flipped through it and I think Keith is pretending he is older than he is.
 And there's a part where he demands wine and Shirley Jones gives him the stink eye because he's not old enough to drink wine.
  There you go.
 This is the stuff of amusement.
 The Partridge family episode was called I Left My Heart in Cincinnati.
  The Brady Bunch episode was called the Cincinnati Kids on the notable events part of the Wikipedia.
  It seems like the Brady Bunch kids would come back a few times just to entertain.
  They did a show.
 A few of them did a show a few years ago there.
  Yes, 2008 and 2013.
 Barry Williams and Susan Olson and then Christopher Knight was with them in 2013.
  But then Mike Lookin, Lookinland was with them in 2008.
  And do we know why? Singing some songs, telling some stories.
 Do you know why? Because Ohio loved them.
  Of course.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And treated them really.
  Although so I for this I stopped on the way here.
 I stopped at the library and looked at a copy of one of the great literature texts available at the library.
  Growing up Brady, Barry Williams book, which is a very good book.
  But the he goes in depth into their the Brady's experience at Kings Island.
  And at the time, similar to what you were saying about Priestley having modest lodging options,  there was only one hotel remotely near Kings Island at the time and it was called like Kings Island Lodge or something.
  And it didn't take much for the Ohio natives to put two and two together and go, well, that's where the Brady's must be.
  So all of the kids.
 Yeah.
  The like everybody had to deal with like the bathroom window, like people pressing up against the glass.
  Everybody the Brady's were all trapped.
 Essentially, there were just people with their kids or not with their kids.
  Something happened to the munchkins when they were shooting Wizard of Oz and Culver City.
  All the creepy Culverians kept bugging them.
 Yeah.
  So like people are just not like knocking on the door and then like there was a lot of tension between the Brady's and the people in the park  because they did not pay to have extras fleshing out the the background of the scene.
  So it's just regular people in the parks who have to deal with the shooting, who have to be told, do not stare at the camera, do not stare at the Brady's.
  And the kids got like the kids got to cut in line and go on everything.
  They just got to walk straight on everything.
 But like people started screaming at like you Hollywood assholes.
  Like people would like, wow, my brain.
 So there was actually so maybe the Ohio did not love the Brady.
  They do now.
 Well, they went back to the day.
 Yeah.
  They like it was fun enough.
 They wanted they wanted to make sure they knew where they you know, they want to put them in their place.
  Really? We're from this is not where you're from.
 We're from here.
 We're all people.
  There's no lines in the eyes of the Lord.
 Yeah.
 No cutting in line.
  The other big part of the Brady Bunch lore, the blower of the Cincinnati kids is that they all went on the racer and as in Robert Reid refused to go on the ride.
  Again, I'm in a great lineup of great Robert Reid and first man on the moon, Neil Armstrong.
 Yeah.
  Well, this is a ride that goes to the they didn't die because they were for 80 cats.
  They just it's a pretty tame ride all in all.
 It does go forwards and backwards.
  So it was unique in that way.
 And it is a Coney Island holdover.
  It's one of the original.
 OK.
 And it's kind of.
 Yeah.
  And it's it's two tracks parallel tracks.
 You're racing each other.
 Yeah.
  At the time, a very unique cool idea in the equivalent ride in King's Dominion.
  The name has since changed, but for a long time was called the Rebel Yell.
  Oh, no.
 Yeah.
 Is it the racer now? I don't know if it's the racer now.
  It is something more generic.
 I get I read that it's credited with reviving interest in roller coasters in the 70s.
  Probably bullshit, too.
 I came across that fact.
 Oh, I know.
  I actually it was more of a divergent.
 I want to hear.
 Uh huh.
  Do you think that this theme park podcast could cover the Branson show?  70s music celebration starring Barry Williams.
  Do you think we go in percent? Right.
 We should as one of the makers of the rules.
  You guys disagree.
 No, I of course.
  I that was a question I knew the answer to.
 I just have a question.
  Do guests have veto power? Do you host?  If not, no one's forcing you to listen, Dave.
  If enough guests, let's say 30 guests veto all veto.
  So strongly about that.
 We'll think about not doing it.
  You know how my eyes glaze over sometimes when we go down classic rock rabbit holes.
  Could you imagine if that happens for 90 minutes? Yeah.
  Well, you're against it.
 You are.
  You're first of all, it's weird that you're against it.
 Second of all, when you're saying classic rock, this Barry Williams show,  I don't even know if we're getting into the territory of classic rock.
  Jackson extrapolate if he's bored.
 If we talk about the Rolling Stones, he would be probably even more bored.
  Everyone, this looks good.
 There's a whole there's so many different trailers.
  He does all the Brady Bunch hits.
 He does some like newer songs.
  Does he do the real Greg Brady parody of the real Slim Shady, our second Eminem reference of the episode?  Let me look up the set list.
 Do you remember when he did that?  Have you ever seen he performed at a Vegas award show and like he did a parody of what Eminem had done at the VMAs  where a tub ton of Greg Brady's are all walking into the MGM Grand together?  I have.
 Yes, that's it's very stupid.
 That is such a leap.
  They've heard a very specific Eminem performance.
  Yeah.
 Why am I talking about all the Eminem MTV?  Yeah, he had a lot of great moment triumph when he hit triumph in the in the aisle.
  Yes, I have a while Mike is finding this.
  There is a moment of the Jason Priestley special.
  I wanted to bring up at one point that the animated tornado turns Jason Priestley into a kid.
  Yes.
 And he goes to a local bar.
 Yeah.
 Played by a little boy.
  And he says, I want a cherry slushy and a brownie on whole wheat.
 Hold the mustard.
  So I replay that like three times because I was trying to figure out the McKendrick.
  That seems that guy.
 That's like a old comedy writer.
  Joe is like a kid.
 The kid orders a deli sandwich.
  Wouldn't that be funny? But it's like, wait, a brownie on bread.
  Like children know what sandwiches are.
 Children don't.
  It's a layer joke.
 But here's my theory on the whole thing.
  It was written by the same person that writes their comedy shows at the park  because it had a lot of those like kind of like witty punny jokes  where you're like, you just tried just too much just for that one joke.
  It's funny because I do wonder.
  I was looking up if any famous people got their start on a job at Kings Island.
  And it's pretty good.
 It's Carmen Electra was a dancer.
 Yep.
 Nick, if you're listening.
  Sure.
 Nick Lachey was a singer.
 Woody Harrelson was a wood carver.
  And Dan Patrick worked at the golf course.
 So Dan Patrick.
  Wow.
 That's pretty good.
 Well, Dan Patrick's from Dayton.
  But still, most of these are from Cincinnati.
 That is a pretty good ratio for a park in the middle of the country.
  I wonder if any writers.
 So if you're listening out there and you know some other comedy writers,  has anyone made the jump from writing for the equivalent of Bill and Ted's stage show or, you know, the Golden Horseshoe show?  Have they ever made the jump to screenwriting?  I found out recently my friend John Flynn used to be long time UCB main stage.
  John Flynn was in the rock and roll.
 I think it was the rock and roll show at Hershey Park one summer.
  There you go.
 Like a bunch of like a bunch of other like theater theater kids,  theater college students he was with all lived together and did the rock show at Hershey Park.
  I will shout out within the tour guide program of which I was one.
 Paul Feig also a universal tour guide.
  Whoa.
 Yeah, that's pretty big.
 That's going to be one of the biggest like like legit writer director forces from from that weird job.
  Yeah, that's huge.
 Uh huh.
 I have a follow up question to yours, Dave, which is, is it possible for somebody who has written for television to make the leap to write for theme park shows?  That's a much better way to frame it.
 Can anyone give me a specific email address of someone to ask for a job?  Because you'd like to mimic their career.
 I would like to I would like to go the opposite way if possible.
 Yeah, I hear you.
  I cannot find a set list, but I did find a picture on Facebook of Barry Williams loving the Wright Cycle Company complex at the Carillon Historical Park in Dayton, Ohio.
  Another great example of a local park.
 This one's a heritage museum.
 Carillon Park is like the Dayton History Park.
  I know it sounds lame, guys, but they got a right B flyer and the cash register was invented there.
 So what more do you want?  Wow.
 You just pulled up a Facebook photo and this is a good I'm glad you have not deleted Facebook as many people have done because then you're missing out on stuff like that.
  Yeah, that's true.
 The troops of the elite.
 Yeah, look, don't don't say all my kind.
  The proud the rebels in this.
 Thank you for your service.
 You're very welcome.
  Follow your tangent just for the moment.
 So did you delete it because of the data breach concern? Because if that's the case, you're dumb.
  If you delete it because you now had a reason that people wouldn't question, then I get it.
 Well, to be totally fair, I was probably not using it a ton.
  Yes, the truth will say if it truly was part if it was if Facebook was still important to me and a part of my daily activity, I probably would not have been able to make the sacrifice.
  But the fact that it had been whittled down to a lot of riff raff and stuff, I didn't want to see anyway.
 I think that's the moment we're at.
  People aren't ready to defend Facebook anymore because they don't care.
 Yes.
 Hey, here's a good.
 It's a very easy cut to make.
  And I'm one of them, but I just think that is the reason.
 Did you do it? Did you quietly? No, I haven't.
 I will happily.
 I'll do it right now.
 Join me.
  I would like to do it right now.
 Carlson's ready.
 What are you going to podcast first? How are you going to top seeing Barry Williams in an old plane?  Well, you might be the first to do this picture of Barry Williams in a tie dyed shirt with Jimmy JJ Walker.
 Maybe what a way to go out.
  If that's the last thing you see on Facebook, your final like is to like that, like it and then delete your account.
 And then we watch you do it right here and now.
  I'll do it.
 Here we go.
 Are you really doing it? This is great.
 Heroes.
 I'll hit like.
  We can be heroes.
 How do you delete Facebook right here? Do we go to settings? Mike could be king.
  This is only a manager.
 You might need to get a Virg article or a Wired article to do this.
 Scott did it.
 Tell me how to do it.
 It's in your settings.
  Oh, well, yeah, it's a little confusing because there's one thing to deactivate, but delete is a different thing and they make the delete link harder to find.
  Just get this because this will be a podcast first.
 I don't any other podcasters have deleted their Facebook on the air yet.
  Yeah, John Favreau.
 So can you get a Matt Carlson commitment that by the end of today, by the time this posts, will you no longer have a Facebook account?  By the time this post? Yeah, sure.
 I think that's like, I'll delete it.
 We got a lot of episodes.
  So I'd be like two months.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is all to this may not come out.
  So we made we just may say, hey, this wasn't as good.
 Let me because we were talking about heritage.
  Nice place is heritage.
  Thanks.
 The only theme park that I know of that has a cemetery in the parking lot.
  The Dog Street Cemetery.
 What? Yeah.
 Dates back to 1803.
  The Warren County Genealogical Society documented nearly 70 grave sites in the cemetery.
  It was like a ghost hunters episode.
 Yeah.
 And there is a ghost hunters episode called Roller Ghoster where they investigate haunted occurrences in and around the park and cemetery.
  Most notably a ghost they call Missouri Jane.
 Oh, that's where they know Jade.
  It's funny because I have not visited the cemetery site.
 I did ride the Kings Island equivalent of haunted mansion, which rips off a lot of kind of like elements.
  Boo Blasters.
 Yeah.
 What a haunted theater briefly called Haunted Theater.
 Before that was Smurfs Enchanted Voyage.
 Before that was a just a weird copyright free Enchanted Voyage.
  Yeah.
 It's like HR.
 I want to get this name right now.
 Now it's called Boo Blasters on Boo Hill.
  I wonder if they have any winks in there like the way Disney has nods to past animators and stuff.
  Some little like nods.
 There's a dead Smurf body somewhere.
 I think the ghosty guy that played the organ in Phantom Theater shows up in Boo Blaster.
  Hey, all right.
 That's good.
 But is that just saving on robot? Probably saving on robot.
 I think this was also a Scooby Doo themed.
  And then that was one of the last things he yanked out.
 Wow.
 And now it's Boo Blasters on Boo Hill made by the Sally Corporation, who also made Knights and White Satin the trip.
  No kidding.
 Hey.
 Well, that'll probably avert.
 Yeah.
 A ride based on Knights and White Satin at the foreclosed Hard Rock theme park, which we get into a little bit.
  You know, one advantage that a place like Kings Island maybe has on Disney.
 You know, I've heard you guys talk before about like refilling the park.
 How do you keep the energy alive?  Yeah.
 Kings Island is going to go through enough owners in its history and enough entertainment franchises that they have no choice but to rebrand.
  Yeah.
 It's kind of interesting.
 I remember they had a Nickelodeon themed kids area when I was last there and that's gone.
  Yep.
 Yeah.
 Now they have a show that I sent to you guys.
 I don't think I passed this to you.
 I need to check my notes because it's a complicated name.
 I don't want to get it wrong.
  The show is called Nickelodeon's Mega Messamania, which I think was a show that was on tour throughout this nation of ours that eventually settled and had a in one place theatrical run at Kings Island.
  And a residency like Barry Williams.
 And the there's just there's a clip of this that I'd like to play rather than describing the plot.
  I think the only thing I have to do to set this up is that I'm looking at a lady in a very like the Nickelodeon mom, like the bizarre grotesque Buffon wig.
  Kind of like Edie McClurg a little bit.
 Yes, like a super like an exaggerated caricature of actress Edie McClurg, who helped the principal and Ferris Bueller.
  So she kind of and she's wearing regular size glasses and not a fat suit.
 For those of you who haven't pulled up.
  I'm accurate.
 So she kind of explains the plot with the help of the character who she introduces.
  I have everything under control.
 Problem could be slimed astrophys.
  This is again, anyone who has the means for me to convert from being an attempted comedy writer to being a slime ologist at a slime related theme park show.
  Please give me the context if you can.
 We should say that that character, the mom character's name is Gackmeister Darla Boog Air.
  So just so you know, it actually took me a few seconds.
  And now what's that? What nationality is that? What region is that from?  Amazing.
 Yeah, this this special this this show was really something sent us this video and never have I seen a video, a special sell you so hard on you can buy this.
  Oh, wow.
 This is actually being filmed and you can buy a broadcast of what you were watching.
 You'll notice this shot in a multi cam way and you could be in the show.
  You might end up on the stage so that you could watch it at home like a Nickelodeon show.
  But you're the star because there's about five minutes opening credits where they cut to audience members with like funny text underneath.
  The people are laughing when they realize they're on screen.
  And you could listen out of the thought of being a part of your favorite.
 And I guess, you know, people buy their own karaoke videos.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is in a hard stretch.
  This too made a point of telling you that it's like we have 50 VHS machines recording this backstage.
  So rather than just record it on one and make copies as needed, they just record it 50 at a time because they could just there would be like losing no money if they just threw all 50 away.
  Yeah, it would not be over them.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Good point.
  That's probably the son of beast was built out of discarded VHS tapes.
  That is that's a fun nostalgic romp.
 What a good show.
 I recommend the entire 45 minute show.
  It's a little harder to get through maybe than that.
  Also, I just I cranked the volume.
 I went into Adobe Premiere and cranked the volume on what I just played and it was still very quiet.
  Yeah, but I'm sure in the moment seeing the show, it was an in your face, slime testicle event.
 Sure.
  If you have a VHS of this, let us know.
 Send us the people.
  Oh, yeah.
 Somebody was probably on.
 Yeah, I that's something I might be able to help if I pull Cincinnati kids.
  Yeah, not the ones from the show, but the ones from my life in terms of licensing turnover.
  One of my favorite details is so in the Nickelodeon area, there was a wild Thornberry themed log flume.
  And when Cedar Fair took over Cedar Fair, of course, in their parks like Knott's Berry Farm or Dorney Park have the peanuts characters.
  This ride got changed.
 The name got changed to Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown.
  Yeah, it sounds like such a threat.
 We're going to kill Charlie Brown by the end of this ride.
  You're fucking dead, Brown.
 Stop it.
  You just have to have enough fun to where they want to kill him.
  You don't smile enough.
 They took him out with Linus's blanket.
  Is it Linus with the blanket? Yes, that's correct.
  We're going to pump pig pen dust down his throat.
  You should have paid back the DeMarino family.
  Charlie Brown.
 This is a movie.
  That's the name of one of the movies, though.
 You should have paid back the DeMarino.
  Race for Your Life is one of the movies.
 I know, I know.
 I got it from 77.
  Do you have memories of the peanuts area? I'm looking through the peanuts area and I am astounded.
  I've never been here.
 I'm astounded by the amount of different peanuts rides and experiences they have.
  They have the kids area, whatever the current incarnation is, branding wise, I know is like very well reviewed for a kids park, which makes sense.
  It's a very family park.
 Like I think it probably skews super young.
 Right.
  So I do remember it being huge, but I don't.
 Most of my Kings Island visits were in my preteens and teens.
  Right.
 So that was stupid to go to Charlie.
 You didn't care about that kid shit.
  They have Charlie Brown's wind up that where they've had some of these are gone.
  Flying Ace, Ariel Chase, Joe Cool's Dodgem School, Kite Eating Tree, Linus's Beetle Bugs, Linus's Launcher,  Peanuts 500, Peanuts Off-Road Rally, Peanuts Playhouse, Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown, Sally Seaplane, Snoopy versus Red Baron, Snoopy's Junction, Snoopy's Space Buddies, Surf Dog, The Great Pumpkin Coaster, Woodstock Express, Woodstock Gliders, and Woodstock Whirlybirds.
  That'd be enough for a whole world.
 I applaud you, Mike.
  I have questions on Snoopy versus the Red Baron.
 Is that meant to mimic like a mental disconnect where like the Red Baron part of Snoopy and the regular part of Snoopy are warring for control of his.
  He splits brains.
 I don't know the details.
 I will say that it used to be Dick Daster leads by plane.
  Perfect.
 You know, that probably is a parental play, right? I mean, kids born since 2000 do not care about the peanuts, I wouldn't think.
  Unless they did the film that came out.
  Oh, that's right.
 They did.
  By Paul Feek by former University of Florida.
  Not a coincidence.
  Adults, I mean adults, I think, force kids to like peanuts now still.
 So you still show them all the specials.
  Kids want to listen to a slow talking character.
  Yeah, peanuts.
  A depressed little boy.
  Peanuts, Calvin and Hobbes, maybe Farsai.
  They're timeless.
  Kids are still in books and stuff and people get them.
  That makes it more appealing to me.
 So it's not a fail by any means.
 It's just it is curious of like all the things they could license.
  I kind of respect that they went timeless.
 Again, it's probably a money saver.
  Where are the theme park rights to the Paw Patrol?  Because Paw Patrol clearly is a just juggernaut of current three to five year old culture.
  And I like Paw Patrol, too.
 I would love to go to a Paw Patrol place.
  One of these places, I think Disney could Disney could safely like buy the Paw Patrol theme park rights for like five hundred billion dollars and make it back.
  But if you had the thought, you're already too late.
  Yeah.
 Well, no, I'm not looking to cash in myself.
 I just want to make sure they're spoken.
  I'm saying that the youth will they will change faster than you can say.
  I don't know any Paw Patrol characters.
  Yeah, you're right.
 By the time there's like a child in my life.
  So I'll say so.
 Like, so you know, Paw Patrol.
  Well, you're going I'm reporting you to the police.
 You're a predator.
  I think there is truth to that because I think a lot about like why aren't there more rides based on TV shows?  And I think it's like once TV shows stop airing, I mean, they live forever on streaming services now.
  But like they're kind of out of like I I don't think about you know, I like Breaking Bad on the Wire, but I don't think about them.
  That much.
 You're not going to get on the air anymore.
  No, I'm not going to get on the Mertra coaster.
  But like a few years ago at Disney, there was Phineas and Ferb stuff everywhere in the park.
  Exactly.
 Like in all the stores.
 And now when you go back again, there's like a shelf.
  Maybe there's a shelf.
 That's a costly update.
  Can I say I think one of the I don't know which but I would venture to guess one of these peanuts rides of which you speak is a rename of my favorite  ride title from when it was still Hanna Barbera.
  Boo Boo's baggage claim.
  Adorable.
  Such a wonderfully dull like Dick Dastardly's accountant.
  That you know that that would have been right up my alley because in King's Dominion, one of my favorite places in the world.
  And I found video walkthrough of it looking this up was Yogi's Cave, which I don't know if there was a Yogi's Cave here.
  It was literally just an indoor walkthrough.
  You were walking through a cave like a dark cave with music playing and there's like a creaky boo boo and a creaky Yogi animatronic at the end.
  But I just I loved it.
  I would just come out the exit and just grab my family, my parents hand and go right back to the entrance and take a picnic basket.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Cedar Point is very Yogi themed.
  I'm not sure about now, but I have vivid memories because when last time I was at Cedar Point, I got hit by a tornado.
  Wow.
  So my memories are all blurred together with seeing the front awning of our hotel ripped off and then seeing the Yogi's Cave.
  You know, it's like, oh my God, you were like escaping the tornado.
  Yeah, we had to we had to like go underground or, you know, like kind of the equivalent of when you go into the halls of Disney, the the shortcuts that go under the park.
  We went into like the restaurant holding until it like passed through and then walked through pouring rain to get my caricature from the front of the park and like carried it in a trash bag.
  Got all the way home.
  And then, yeah, the front awning of our Holiday Inn was had been ripped by a tornado.
  It was like it was like a traumatizing kid memory.
  Yeah.
  As a proponent of Holiday Inn and having fun at Holiday Inn.
  It was a holodome too.
  A holodome?  Wow.
  A holodome is a holiday inn.
  Probably most of them are in the middle of the country.
  I know there's we stayed at more than one.
  It was like my brother and I's favorite thing where they have in a dome structure, kind of like the Arclight for people in L.
A.
, a dome structure that has a basketball court, a swimming pool, a spa, a sauna, a play area, a games arcade and like a workout facility.
  Wow.
 So it was like an attraction in of itself.
  Like a rec center type.
  Here's a postcard from one that used to be in Denver.
  Holodome indoor fun center.
  We would make a whole vacation out of that.
  That is beautiful.
  This was like this was like a Midwestern vacation in and of itself.
  Wow.
  I have never heard the phrase holodome.
  I consider myself a fan of Holiday Inn's and domes and I am really distressed that I didn't know that they had combined.
  Oh, man.
  So anyone on Twitter, send us any info you got about holodomes.
  Welcome to the great indoors.
  Yeah.
  Putt golf sometimes.
  Oh, you know, it smells real chloriney.
  I have great memories.
  My brother ran into, you know, they had glass separating the workout area from the fun area and he ran headlong into it and broke the glass and broke his finger.
  I mean, all those great memories.
  Yeah.
  You kind of buried the leader in terms of you've had like terror at some of these places.
  Hey, you know, that's the joy of the thrill seeker.
  You're going to have high highs and low lows.
  You're going to find love.
  You're going to find failure.
  It's it's it's the stuff of life.
  These are the probably famously we didn't even get to it, but Fabio famously on the beast was on the beast.
  And I believe double check me.
  This is the bird.
  He was on the beast and was struck by a bird in the nose.
  Bloodied his nose.
 I believe he had some kind of cosmetic work.
  This was the tabloid stuff of Cincinnati, Ohio, for not just national news, but it was like fever pitch in my hometown.
  This image is ingrained in me, but I hate to do this.
  Oh, Bush Gardens.
  Oh, no, no, no, no, no, this kills me.
  What's what city?  At least in Dave's home.
  Bush Gardens.
  We don't have that St.
  Louis or is that St.
  Louis?  It was Apollo's Chariot, which is hold on.
  This is on the level of finding out that Marilyn Manson's drummer couldn't suck his own dick away.
  Like this is like the stuff that like Williams Brown high school.
  Oh, that's the Bush Gardens I used to go to.
  Yeah.
 Oh, that hurts so bad.
  Oh, my God.
 I'm so sorry.
  Jason is beating you now.
  Jason has more credit all of a sudden.
  He's pumping his fist in the air.
  This is this really was like the story of like it was told to me.
  So this is secondhand that this was this happened.
  It shows how the Internet has changed my life because I just took it at face value.
  But I've thought since the age of whenever that happened that that happened in my basically my hometown.
  Dave, if it makes you feel any better, this when we did the Hershey Park episode, I found that I had been singing the Hershey Chocolate World song wrong for years.
  I feel no better.
 I'll have your pain.
  But it's not a competition.
  We can help each other deal with these things and grow like a fraud.
  But I throw it.
 You throw into this.
  Also, the revelation that Neil Armstrong is not as brave as me.
  Scott, your state is losing cred left.
  What are you going to tell me next?  But water was made up.
  I was other kids.
  You weren't doing you weren't asking the question.
  I wanted to make sure that there wasn't another incident where he got hit in the face with a bird and there's not.
  Has Fabio ever been to Cincinnati?  OK, I'll look up Fabio.
  I feel bad I didn't cross.
  Like everything else I've talked about, I kind of had to double check myself.
  That one I like took for truth.
  Wow.
  Well, Fabio has been to Port Washington, the city where step by step is set, or at least fictionally he has.
  He went to visit his friend Bronson Pinchot, the hairdresser.
  Now that makes me feel better.
  Yeah, doesn't it?  I mean, that's your general region.
  And I wasn't filmed there and I'm referring to is fake, but I yeah, I hope you feel good about it.
  Oh boy.
  How can we rescue you?  Yeah, yeah.
  One thing I guess I'd want to get out to the to the ride community is like right now, unless I'm also mistaken, Kings Island does not have what they call a giga coaster.
  Right.
 Isn't this like a is that a new I think it was something good.
  I mean, it's probably good.
  I think one of them is called like a hyper coaster, which are like the super tall ones now.
  But I don't know.
  I haven't heard a giga coaster.
  And all my little browsing yesterday, I read this.
  You're right.
  A giga coaster is a roller coaster that's between 300 and 399 feet tall and completes a full circuit.
  So this was like the one critique of a couple of ride heads that had visited Kings Island of like this park is perfect.
 It's this away from being like world class.
  So I just wanted to begin in a heartfelt appeal to the ride community that we that we stir up the interest to get that for Kings Island.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You need it more than ever.
  It looks terrifying.
  What is there one in the United States?  Do we have an example of what a giga coaster is?  Again, listeners potentially screaming to so established that I think we're not the way we're not a major coaster related podcast partially because we are too scared to go on many of them.
  But also here's what this is what I want to say about Kings Island is that like I think they're like we covered Kennywood and we covered Hershey Park.
  And I'm sure a lot of those coasters are really good, but they don't give you a lot to talk about.
  And I think there's lore to these Kings Island coasters.
  There's premises that are pretty neat.
  We actually didn't talk about face off, which is like a ride that goes for like it goes one way and then goes back the other way.
  And you're facing other people.
  You go back to back.
  Good ride, bad movie again.
  Yeah, yeah.
  There was also a Congo themed water ride.
  There was just like a bigger one of the shoot the shoot water rides.
  The bigger styles log film like Jurassic Park was like briefly themed to Congo.
  I think that was easier to take out.
  Yeah, I it's it's very interesting that you guys are afraid of these things because I remember getting over this fear at age 13.
  But I like Jason is less afraid than the two of us.
  I am I can be convinced now to do it.
  I do, but I don't love it necessarily.
  But I like I like I went on stuff and then I go I did like it.
  So you know, it'd be a great pitch.
  Yes, this this all I'll try to part with is how fail again.
  Go for it.
  You know, they have you must be this tall to ride this ride.
  I used to be terrified of that.
  Yeah.
  Walking up to that.
  The thought of falling short is so emasculating embarrassing.
  But they could have a thing.
  Are you afraid of this?  And like an analogous thing like if it's a kid's ride, it's a picture of a spider.
  And if you're like, that's fine.
  I'll be OK.
  And if it's some of these big ones, they'll like really get into your brain and like test your emotional and mental fortitude.
  It's like it's a picture of like one of your evil uncles, like very specific or like a sword will come kind of close to your ear.
  OK.
 And then it's like if you can handle that, you can get on the beast.
  You're going to be all right.
  I just think they could pre-screen just a similar thematic or like a film or something.
  Because I think you guys can handle all of these things.
  I look especially now.
  I feel a responsibility to the theme park community to try these experiences out.
  So even though it's not something that maybe I would have done, say, we if we didn't have this podcast, I do feel like it is my my duty as a journalist.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I feel like we're journalists now.
  We're covering this place where I went on the racer and I went on the beast.
  So I feel set.
 I feel no obligation to anything.
  It's 13 years in the past.
  I did it.
 I don't got to go on anything else.
  I also want to say really fast because we got we got to rail just to finish the the Brady Bunch tail.
  Robert Reed refused to go on the racer and they were so instead he was just like watching the crew set up the camera on the front of the roller coaster.
  And he was like, this rig is too high.
  It's not going to clear.
  He was like a notorious complainer on the show in general.
  So I guess shut up, Robert.
 Let us let us do our job.
  He walks the back and forth like next to the track and is like measuring and eyeballing in his mind.
  And he's like it is never going to like that camera is going to break off.
  It's going to hit all of these get like they're dead.
  They're toast if you don't.
  So they so after they finally relented and they did a test of the of the ride with the camera attached and the car returned with no camera.
  It did break off.
  Robert Reed was right.
  Robert Reed saved the lives of his of his sitcom family, much like in the later Brady Bunch Christmas special when he runs into that burning building and saves a whole bunch of workers.
  I mean, we've all seen this movie.
  Yeah.
  There's in the Christmas movie later, there's a very dramatic.
  It's not like any other Brady Bunch episode, but he runs into a burning building and saves a couple of workers.
  Wow.
  Well, American era.
  He wasn't.
  Yeah.
  He was a big hero.
  He put his money where his mouth is.
  Yeah.
  That guy would have quit Facebook.
  Damn right.
  Yeah.
  The equivalent the online equivalent of running into a burning building.
  So we salute you, Robert Reed.
  Dave, any any any final thoughts about the Kings Island?  Anything?  Pleasure to have this walk down memory lane, albeit some true memories, some false memories.
  I think it was a real joy.
  And set up that giga coaster so everybody gets new.
  I do have the answer to the giga coaster.
  Fury 325 is the world's biggest giga coaster.
  It is where is it?  It's in the Carowinds Amusement Park in Charlotte, North Carolina.
  We got to get one of those.
  Former Kings Entertainment.
  It's in the family.
  It was in the family.
  And it looks like that and it's got a giant.
  It's coming.
  It's coming.
  Now it's in the Cedar Fair family.
  Yeah.
  Just copy that one, cart it over and give it some name that seems like it used to be  a Paramount movie name.
  That's and then it'll go right.
  60 seconds.
  Yeah, sure.
  Is that Paramount?  But but you have to reverse engineer it.
  At one point it was gone in 60 seconds.
  Now you have to make it.
  Oh, right, right, right, right.
  Left in 59 seconds.
  You know what I learned recently?  Gone in 60.
  Timmy Timothy Oliphant isn't gone in 60 seconds.
  I think in a supporting role.
  Go ahead.
  They liked the studio, liked him so much they wanted him to star in a little script they  had a little movie they were making or another studio called The Fast and the Furious.
  Oh, like a character named Dominic Toretto.
  Wow.
  So there could be a fast.
  There's another universe, parallel universe where Timothy Oliphant was not the justified  character.
  I don't want Rayleigh.
  He got shivered.
  Dominic Toretto.
  This for me is like he is not getting on the vortex.
  Yeah, that's how scared I am.
  That means you're scared.
  Justified free world in the Santa Clarita.
  Die.
  The first time you sat up the whole podcast.
  Yes, that's true.
  I was also sued by memories of the former Paramount Parks and all the wonderful, you  know, trip down memory lane.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We'll talk about more Paramount things at some point when we cover King's Dominion.
  I'm sure we will.
  If we missed anything, you know, I feel like we missed a lot of stars.
  There's a lot.
  At these parks.
  Tweeted us if there's anything we missed.
  And there's no reason why we can't pick up and do little like many segments about Kings  Island.
  Yeah, we love when people tweet at us stuff we missed and all that stuff because there's  so much.
  What's that?  King Cobra, the stand up coaster.
  You're going to get a litany.
  Oh, yeah.
  There's.
  You'll get it.
  Don't worry.
  It's a stand up coaster.
  Other coasters had been converted to stand up.
  This one was the first actual.
  It would have needed a Carlson cut out from what I remember.
  Yeah, they're not pleasant coasters.
  That's my thing.
  I like riding coasters, but as a man who is five one, sometimes those shoulder harnesses  don't hit my head bounces around in them.
  Yeah, it is incredibly unpleasant.
  And we also didn't really get into Tomb Raider, which is the scariest ride I've ever been  on.
  It's just really quick.
  It's like you sit in theater seats, but there's like a harness over you and you really don't  understand what the ride mechanism is when you get on, because I certainly would have  run screaming if I knew what it was going to be.
  But it's then the entire theater moves forward and you're on a pendulum and a big arm and  you don't even realize it and you're swung up at big stalactites and then you're looking  down.
  There's like geysers.
  You didn't go on this one, or you went on the crypt when it was more.
  Yeah, it's been a while.
  The general tenor of the screams on this thing.
  I could tell I was not the only one who didn't understand what it was.
  They didn't convey because it was not fun screams.
  It was like genuine pure horror.
  If they had the Ferguson test at the beginning, you would have been fine.
  I don't know what to tell you.
  What is like Tomb Raider?  Essentially, the mechanics are just like a carnival ride.
  It's a popular kind of carnival ride, but it's just like in the dark and heavily themed.
  A lot of effects, but once combined with the general idea of raiding a tomb, it's ten times  more so that's what you like.
  The sign should have said, like, could you handle like, could you handle a spider web  with two spiders in it?  If not, they want to leave.
  Well, they first and you've survived podcasts, right?  All right.
  So, anything in here, anything you'd like to plug?  No, I don't got anything, man.
  I look forward to that feeling you get when you get off every ride where you feel like  shaken and you want to go to bed.
  Yeah.
  Getting back to your holodome that's being torn apart by a tornado.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Terrifying.
  I'll see you at the holodome.
  That sounds great.
  That's a good, hey, that's a good, well, we've done these things.
  We hang out at hotel bars once in a while.
  Maybe the next one's got to be at the Denver holodome.
  And listen, anyway, listeners who haven't been there, let us know.
  And if you're listening, check out ancillary content on our Twitter at podcast, the ride,  not on our Facebook group.
  Damn it.
  The heroes are marching on.
  Do we have one though, actually?  I, yeah, do I read one?  I registered one right when we first started and then really haven't we haven't done anything  with it.
  Yeah, good heroes.
  I had to figure I didn't figure out the mechanics of that.
  I might look into it.
  People, some people are staying on Facebook.
  Okay.
  Yes.
  We're going to have to fight about this off air.
  Traders.
  Yeah.
  Email us, rate and review us on iTunes.
  Yeah, it's a great help.
  That helps us out.
  Those five stars on iTunes, yeah.
  And force your parents to listen to the podcast.
  Because a lot of people say their parents listen and that's nice.
  Yeah, that is nice.
  Yeah, I think parents have been enjoying it and I think our swears have been mild lately.
  Yeah, we're like a lot more wholesome than we think we are, I think.
  I think a lot more.
  Yes.
  The preteen in me is just hating this.
  Yeah, that's fair.
  I just want to, I want to be so ring bunched.
  Dave has made a fist and is punching it into his other hand, which is open, but kind of  a little closed.
  You know that classic bully move.
  I'm fired up.
  They haven't talked about any bases this entire pod.
  All right.
  Thanks for listening, everybody.
  We'll catch you next time.
  Bye.
  Bye.
