 Hmm.
.
.
 Welcome back, my friends, to the podcast that never ends.
  When you last left this band of weary travelers, we were lost adrift in a wilderness of pain, once known as Myrtle Beach's Hard Rock Park.
  With the world of Sid and Marty Kraft long in our wake, we venture forth into a barren land, littered with discarded, guitar-shaped shovels,  tattered white satin sheets, and rusted over high-fidelity speakers once used in Led Zeppelin the Ride.
  Join us, brazen boys and girls, as we re-enter this hallowed park of rock.
  Help us light the funeral pyre, so it may rise again.
  We still aren't done with sculptures and everything, because while it's here, we can start talking about whatever the London.
.
.
  Were you gonna talk about Mount Rockmore?  Yeah, Mount Rockmore was in the open.
  We aren't even close to Mount Rockmore.
  Wait, is that the Stonehenge one?  No, that's Mount Rushmore.
  This was during the groundbreaking they built.
.
.
  Okay, let's talk about the groundbreaking.
  Okay, so they had a big publicity stunt where they broke ground and it was called.
.
.
  And basically, they built a Mount Rushmore called Mount Rockmore that was made out of Myrtle Beach sand.
  And it was faces of famous rockers, Elvis Presley, Jimi Hendrix, John Lennon, and Bob Marley.
  But Bob Marley looks more like Albert Einstein.
  And they broke the literal ground with guitars that had been modified to be shovels.
  So they put shovel heads on the end and the three guys.
.
.
  I guess it was John Goodwin and.
.
.
  Probably Monday.
  Probably Monday.
  And they're just like, wait, what did they sing that song?  They're like, well, it's one for the money, dig.
  Two for the show.
  And then everyone applauds and then they blow confetti at everyone.
  And then Billy Joel's daughter, Alexa Ray Joel, performs.
  And then do they smash the guitars?  Do they smash guitars?  No.
  Do they smash them?  I don't see that part.
  I feel like I saw footage of smashing guitars.
  There's never a bad first time to find out Billy Joel's daughter sings.
  Why not have the debut of a rock park, have a rock star's daughter?  Also, they finally break ground on the place and there is a lot of hype.
  This story is picked up by a lot of news stations and what have you.
  And there were some jokes done in a topical monologue by America's host Jay Leno.
  If you'd like to hear his take on the subject.
  It's true that they're opening the world's first rock and roll theme park.
  And they're already announced an awesome ride coming out.
  A lot of demand for this is going to be the Rolling Stones Rascal Scooter Grand Prix.
  Also, it should be noted when Jay delivered that joke, he fucked it up.
  He got tongue tied.
  He did not stick the landing on that.
  Look, when you do late night jokes, you do a lot every day.
  You do it for days.
  You get mealy mouthed.
  Sometimes you get mealy mouthed.
  Sometimes you eat shit.
  And he ate shit on that delivery much like the park.
  But he was given a second chance, also like the park.
  Because he wanted to point out the least popular ride, the George Michael haunted men's room.
  Haunted?  Again, another thing from another.
.
.
  That joke feels.
.
.
  Not George Michael's men's room, but if George Michael has a men's room where he has ghosts of gay men looking for hookups.
  Wasn't that a topical news story in 2008?  Wasn't he arrested in a men's room?  Not for ghosts, I'll tell you that.
  I don't know where Jay got this ghost element.
  Oh, the ghost.
 Now I see your objection to it.
  It's more about that.
  Why was it not George Michael's men's room?  Where does haunted come in?  I guess it ties it to the haunted mansion.
  But why are there ghosts?  There was a big debate in the writer's room that day of like,  Shouldn't it be haunted restroom?  No, Jay, that doesn't really make any sense.
  I'd like it to be haunted.
  We can't analyze these things so much.
  You do it.
  Some of these shows, nobody's going to be talking about this in ten years.
  I know you do.
  They're going to move on.
  He was wrong.
  Here we are.
  In terms of, in addition to the media coverage,  like many brand new theme parks,  there was a preview center with a lot of the memorabilia  that would end up within the park.
  The preview center apparently cost a million dollars.
  Where was the preview center?  I think it was on the property.
  Who was going to, like at Disney,  I get the preview center because you're in the park  and you go into a building and it shows you what's coming into the park.
  This park wasn't built.
  Who headed to the site of a park that wasn't built  to look at the preview center?  Also, I don't think they promoted the preview center well either.
  And also the preview center, as they often are, was free.
  So they spent all this money on this free thing  and I don't think they didn't sell a lot of the annual passes  at the preview center either.
  They did this for Disneyland Paris, though, too.
  Disneyland Paris was not open and they opened a preview center  in the weird pastoral, you know, outside of Paris  where that park exists.
  And it was not really near the rest of Disneyland Paris.
  And then it got overtaken by like wayward hobo French youths.
  Like it's just full of graffiti and like 20 people were living  in the preview center for a while.
  It was like a crack den.
  That's a real bummer.
  Yeah, so, which I wonder, you've got to wonder,  did Hard Rock Park maybe be a good place to spend the night?  I don't think a lot of people are poking around there.
  You mean not a lot of police?  Yeah, yeah, exactly.
  That did make me upset watching an abandoned,  there's a number of abandoned place explorers.
  So many of them.
  There's a lot.
  And just thinking about like how many homeless people  there are in America.
  And I'm sure in just in Myrtle Beach alone,  this huge empty plot of land.
  That's what I'm saying.
  You take the plot of land and you take that 400 million  and just give everyone free healthcare.
  I think you're going to say how many homeless people  are just like riding these roller coasters 24 seven  and just living in Knights of White Satin.
  And like it's just this whole society of the remnants.
  I got a good deal up in, yeah,  I'm staying up in Eagles life in the fast lane.
  Oh, congrats, man.
  I wish I could, wish I could, was willing to climb that high.
  Yeah, I'm in the kitchen of the red, red wine bar.
  How are there not people living there?  There must be.
  I don't, I would think maybe somewhere.
  The urban explorers that I watched did not come across.
  All these, I'll do a quick side note.
  All the people that go and tour these abandoned parks  are acting like they found Atlantis.
  They all have this, whoa, I can't believe it.
  Here we are and they all have a backpack  and they all annoy me.
  And like there's one guy, did you watch this one guy?  He was like, most of the doors have been locked up,  but most of the windows have been broken up  so it should be pretty easy to get into all these places.
  And he's like so dramatic about it and it's like, shut up.
  These are always like the most annoying guys.
  Did you say on another episode you're like just watching  and turn the sound off?  Like they're always like wall to wall.
  Yes, I said that.
  Yeah, like it's always wall to wall annoying music  and just like the most obnoxious guys.
  Yeah, I mean it makes sense.
  So like that's the guy who's like,  I'm gonna go to an abandoned theme park.
  This guy, also the guy I'm talking about,  he goes, it's absolutely torn apart.
  Look at this water.
  Can you imagine if you fell in that?  You'd be wet.
  Is it?  No.
  It's like, it's a water, dirty water.
  One of them I actually, that I saw,  I actually found very endearing  because it was just like a very polite southern man  and he was like, yeah, I was one of the first  and one of the few annual pass holders  and I really enjoyed it.
  I miss this park a lot.
  Oh no.
  He went in and did the exploring  and was able to then cut two shots  of what he was looking at now  with the footage he took in the park when it was,  and he was, and then he was like.
  Depressing.
  All right, I gotta get out of here  and then after it's showing him going out of the park  and then it cuts to like,  at the top of the video he had the map of the park  in his home and then at the end of the video  he slaps the map again.
  He's like, dammit, I forgot about this whole section.
  I forgot about, if I get to go back,  if I can go back, I got a whole section  because that's what I was like,  oh, I didn't even see the Knights of White Satin ride  or as it was eventually called at the Freestyle Music Park,  the Monstars of Rock.
  Monstars of Rock, yeah.
  Oscar ride.
  What's that look like?  Well, we're gonna miss areas like this man.
  We're gonna miss.
  We need a game plan.
  We gotta keep rolling.
  The park featured six rock environs  celebrating rock's culture, lifestyle, legends,  and irreverence, included All Access Entry Plaza,  Rock and Roll Heaven, British Invasion,  Lost in the 70s, Born in the USA, and Cool Country.
  Yeah.
  Born in the USA, famously said so.
  Yeah, that land explored what veterans were going through  after the Vietnam War.
  Veterans who couldn't get jobs at the closed refineries.
  You would go on a ride where Americans would turn  their back on you after you gave your life to the service.
  The Deer Hunter Experience.
  Oh, no, it's not a, it's a music park, not a movie park.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I, you know, we missed something.
  Was it Swinging London?  What is it?  Oh, yes.
  Oh, yes.
  We just, just to cover our sculpture bases,  we missed Phonehenge.
  Oh, Phonehenge.
  Oh, that's in British Invasion.
  In British Invasion, there is a Stonehenge  that is made entirely out of red British phone booths.
  Stacked up.
  So, just file that away.
  Can we talk about the Roadie's Thud show?  Yeah, yeah.
  Let's do it.
  Yeah, also, let's not forget the Eagles' coaster  and the Cars' coaster, but the Roadie's Thud show,  since you brought it up, please.
  Take the lead.
  Send me this clip.
  We've all watched the whole show?  Yeah.
  We have.
  There's so many things about this.
  Like, just again, just watch this.
  It's on YouTube.
  There's someone that recorded the whole thing in three parts,  and there's this whole, like, sub-story going on  because it's obviously this, like, horny dad recording it  because for the last half, he's just filming the one woman  in the show.
  The one woman who's named AJ.
  Your name's AJ.
  But, and it's like, and you miss most of the show  because he just gets fixated on this one performer.
  Yeah, like pyrotechnics, big stunts happen,  and he's just, like, he's just focused on her midriff.
  It's so gross.
  He's looking at sweet drift.
  And again, like the, like the stunt show episode  in this stunt show, in this park at large,  women don't exactly fare well.
  Not the most nuanced portrayal of women.
  What the one has to, picture I saw of the woman's uniform.
  It's crazy.
  It's crazy to think this is 1992.
  It's like the Tilted Kilt or something.
  Like, that's the uniform.
  Yeah, really demeaning.
  Maybe there was, like, T-shirts you could buy  of, like, the Runaways or the Mamas and the Papas  or Janis Joplin or any number of the important women  in the history of rock and roll,  but they are not really present otherwise.
  Yeah, in this whole park, it seems.
  Yeah.
  AJ's representing for all women.
  It's all on you, AJ.
  So the show begins with, they announce the Bare Metal family.
  Oh, this is all I love.
  This is what I love.
  This is my favorite thing.
  Now, I wound up transcribing their whole song,  and I don't have to read it, but I was just like,  I need to write it.
  No, no, you have to read it.
  Oh, can I set the stage, which is that by literally, like,  you are looking at a stage with a bunch of equipment  and speakers, like a concert's about to begin,  and then a band is announced, the Bare Metal family,  and they walk out in front of the stage.
  In front of the stage.
  Not on the stage, which at no point in the Roadie Stunt Show  is used by a band.
  That's true.
  They, the Bare Metal family, it's like four people  in bear costumes.
  The announcer goes, heavy metal heads and rockers of all ages  give it up for the Bare Metal family.
  And the costumes, they're big stuffed bears.
  They kind of look like Kiss.
  Yes, they have kind of Kiss makeup on,  but also colored hair.
  The girl has pink hair.
  I don't want to read the whole song, but it begins,  maybe I'll just read the whole song.
  Yeah, read the whole song.
  Look out, Yogi, step back, Smokey.
  Country bears are too hokey pokey.
  Goldilocks wants a band that rocks.
  Yes, of country bears.
  Yeah, they're just firing shots.
  Then the chorus is like, Bare Metal family.
  And then the first bear's yummy, but he ain't no gummy.
  Daddy Bear likes it in your case, I think.
  Yeah, I couldn't understand what that was either.
  Did you write this too?  I wrote a lot of it down, yeah.
  But the grizzly easily shreds his face.
  He's crazy mad, he's heavy dad.
  That's the name of the dad.
  And he does a guitar solo.
  These rocking bears still attack people,  like the most rabid bears.
  Well, they are animals.
  There's no singer in this band.
  Yes, they never say anybody.
  This is a band that is sung about,  and they play instruments,  but sung about by a disembodied voice.
  And when the one does a drum solo, is playing no drums.
  No drums.
  This mother rules with an iron paw,  slices keys into metal slaw,  she's a matriarch, plays her metal dark,  makes a moan, come on, show us your stuff.
  I have come on ma, show us your stuff.
  Oh, that's it, okay.
  Like a Bear and Steam Bear.
  Ma!  Keyboard solo.
  She's a preteen bear, takes her metal with hair,  makes a guitar sing like a wild thing,  damn girl, you can jam girl.
  Here is glam girl.
  She wails.
  While he's singing that,  the brother is waving his drumsticks in the air,  and then playfully kicking her in the bind.
  Yet more respect of women.
  Next on his feet to lay down the beat,  he's the cub of the club, he's a drum and machine,  he's, did you know what this was?  No.
  Something last, and he plays it mean,  he's what we need boy, we call him Speed Boy.
  Speed Boy, yeah.
  Let me hear, I might just,  I'll cut this out and replace it if it sounds bad.
  The audience needs to hear some of this.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't know the tone though.
  With a bear, metal, bat away!  Get there, get there, get there!  Metal, bat away!  A bear, metal, bat away!  Yeah!  Look out, you get, step back smoking,  country bears, not too hokey pokey,  golden locks, what's a half dead locks?  Bear, metal, bat away!  There's a couple different versions of this show too,  because there's a show where the Bear Metal family  is doing their own show.
  Indoors.
  It's independent of the Roadies show.
  So I don't know what happened,  maybe they decided to combine two great shows into one,  that's my guess.
  Supergroup.
  Yeah, in the one show where they're alone  and they're not part of the Roadies stunt show,  when the dad is introduced,  he licks his paw in the dirtiest manner  and smacks his own butt.
  And it's just, it's filthy.
  I don't know, it's so weird.
  And then after he's done playing his bass solo,  he again licks his paw in the most dirty way I've ever seen.
  Not how a bear would lick his paw at all,  but perhaps a woman at a strip club would do it  if she thought that's what.
.
.
  It's not exactly like the Hard Rock cafe or hotel kind of humor.
  Wait, wait, hold on.
  What is the Hard Rock hotel cafe kind of humor?  I feel like at least at the one in Orlando,  it's always like the door hanger would say,  was that a concert? I'm sleeping in.
  If you want it, it was pretty focus group tested.
  And sex is not a primary component.
  It wouldn't be like, this type of humor on that same card,  it would have a picture of a bear and it would say,  getting some honey or something.
  It would be like that.
  So you're saying it doesn't go together.
  I agree.
 I agree with what you're saying.
  Did you notice that the audience is genuinely going nuts  for these bears?  They're really reacting like it's their favorite band.
  The audience does like them.
  There's a part two in that one video where the dad bear is dirty,  where whoever's taking the video just goes,  woo, like hell yeah.
 Lick that paw, babe.
  There's a couple hell yeahs.
  I have a question about the continuity of this universe.
  Are the roadies for the bear band?  No.
  It's for an unidentified rock star.
  The band is identified, I think it's called Roaring Savage.
  Correct.
  Didn't Algorithm write the show?  Well, actually, I don't know how in depth you want to go into the stunt show.
  May as well.
  Which may be the worst stunt show in any theme park,  from what I can tell.
  It's extremely confusing.
  It's about a bunch of roadies who all clearly have hepatitis  who are made from a custodian named Nigel, right?  Like that's the log line?  That wasn't conveyed to me that he's not a roadie.
  I didn't get that.
  Oh, no, he comes out with a broom.
  He's got a broom and he's in a Hard Rock the Man cast member.
  Hard Rock the Man.
  It begins with one of these things where you don't know that the show's begun.
  Like this custodian comes out and he's got a broom  and he kind of looks around at the equipment and he's like,  hey, maybe I'll try this out.
  And then a roadie with either a British or an Australian accent  gets really mad and kicks him off.
  He's like, it's for road crew only.
  And the audience, did you notice this?  They're screaming at him like, get out of here.
  Get out of here, Nigel.
  Fuck you.
  And like they hate this guy, Nigel.
  And then he sneaks back onto the stage, does a back flip.
  He like never speaks, I don't think either.
  And then he gets them on his side and they're like, you go, Nigel.
  He grabs a guitar.
  He jams.
  He rocks so hard that the guitar goes limp like a penis.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Oh, I miss that part.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's in part one.
  He's caught again.
  He's thrown off stage.
  And then the show officially starts and they introduce these stunt roadies.
  I only, I didn't catch all the names.
  I'm sure you guys did.
  There was a guy named Bulldog.
  There was Pyro Jake.
  And what were, and you?  C-Man.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  No, no.
  And that's all I have, if there's more.
  I don't know if AJ is the name of the.
.
.
  Yeah, I don't have them written down actually.
  And they, he keeps, Nigel returns.
  He keeps causing trouble.
  He starts blasting t-shirts at the crowd out of a cannon.
  The rafter, he makes all the rafters fall like dominoes.
  He freaks out.
  Okay, so then this is how we know the band is called Roaring Savage, because there's  a big backing and it says something like, Roaring Savage, the music never dies.
  And he like rips it.
  He rips it.
  Very clearly pre-ripped.
  Very clearly pre-ripped.
  Right down the middle.
  Right down the middle.
  And they put it right back up after.
  They put it together and then it spells out with the remaining letters, roadies suck,  which is so offensive to a roadie.
  Nothing can make you.
.
.
  He amended the pre-existing sign to say something about us?  It's a live Mad Magazine fold-in.
  It is that, I wrote that.
  Yeah, I wrote that.
  I wrote exactly that.
  I do appreciate that like we are giving some attention to the often forgot prequel to the  Luke Wilson, Cameron Crowe roadies TV show.
  I'm assuming this is the inspiration or like the Rogue One to roadies.
  This was a stunt prequel.
  Yeah, that inciting incident of the banner rip is what made them the roadies they are  today.
  Oh, one of the roadies has a remote that can control everything, sort of a McGuffin.
  It took me a while to figure out what that was.
  That's what AJ is her name?  I guess so.
  I think AJ who is like in a jumpsuit that she like sexily strips out of and does a sexy  dance to get out of at the very beginning, but she eventually gets the remote.
  Oh, and the universal remote is called the Unicom, is that right?  I think that's right.
  I think that's right.
  I think that's right.
  I think that's right.
  It controls all the show action equipment, I believe is what they say.
  They chase him around a lot and do a lot of like jumping up and down on these big speakers.
  And then he winds up in a porta potty at some point.
  He like goes and hides it and she uses the remote to lift it up and then drop it into  like a big wardrobe crate.
  And it explodes.
  It explodes.
  They kill him.
  They kill Nigel essentially.
  You think.
  You think.
  You think he's dead.
  And then he comes out dressed in this like crazy sequined costume and apparently smelling  like shit because AJ keeps like waving her hand in front of her face.
  Yeah.
  But he gets revenge somehow.
  He's on like a, what do you call it?  A zip, not a zip line, but like he's got a cable.
  Oh, a tightrope.
  Yes, he's on a wire.
  Yeah.
  Also, it's.
  She makes him float above the crowd.
  Yeah, he starts flying through the air.
  But then she gets covered in water and feathered.
  Yeah, somehow he triggers like a water bucket falls on her, which she then sexily starts  doing like a sexy thing to.
  But then immediately gets shot with a feather cannon, which is never explained.
  I think she's covered in wet confetti.
  Because the guy who's filming this at this point is just zoomed in on her like midsection.
  There's no way to tell what's going on.
  You would think it becomes her story arc.
  You would think she and I think she is probably the most committed one from what I could tell.
  Although Big Dog.
  No, what was the guy?  We started ignoring C-Man midway through the show.
  Bulldog scenes pretty.
  He was barking a lot.
  He was barking a lot.
  There was a guy, I think it was Bulldog.
  There's okay.
  So there's this log sequence.
  Tell me.
  Okay.
  In the YouTube video, they're bouncing.
  There's this giant wall of speakers.
  They're surrounded by trampolines and they're doing this chase where like one wolf, they're  basically juggling themselves.
  Like one goes up as another goes down.
  One goes up, another goes down.
  On the concert stage where they've set up a lot of trampolines.
  And one of the guys, I think it might have been Bulldog, seems to me in this clip like  he really hurts himself.
  It's eight minutes in.
  So I think part two, he falls on the trampoline and then crawls over and just lies crouching  for like a minute and then crawls back off stage.
  And I think he really landed wrong.
  If it's part of the narrative, it certainly isn't spelled out.
  And it's the most realistic thing in all of the roadies stunt show.
  Anyway, it was replaced by CSI Live.
  Yeah, that's the epilogue.
  Wait, in Freestyle Music Park?  Freestyle Music Park, CSI Live, which was also at some other parks, took over this space.
  Which it's also, that's another crazy, like, yeah, talking about TV that like is huge and  then you forget about, remember how the biggest show in America for years was about crime  scene investigators trying to piece together the events of crimes, that gruesome crime  scenes?  Like small bone fragments.
  And there was a CSI, still is, I believe, a CSI experience at the MGM Grand.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh, that sounds right.
  Yeah.
  The CSI show moved also.
  It moved from that park once the second park closed to like a six-fold legs, right?  To one of the six flags, I think.
  It survived the closure of Freestyle Music Park.
  I will say, yeah, sorry.
  I was just going to say, there's another show that I think is a much better stunt show at  this park.
  Did you guys see this?  Is this the Malibu one?  This is the, I don't want to go right into another stunt spectacular, but I think we  have to.
  I just saw a clip of this where someone hits their dick and balls on a dive.
  This is a Malibu beach party show that featured some of your, yeah, it had motorcycles, it  had stunts off diving boards.
  This is a much better show than the roadie stunt show.
  That's how much there is.
  We didn't have, we've missed entire stuntaculars.
  Yes.
  And like, I'll quickly go through this cause it's a 20 minute show.
  I'm not going to tell you about all of it.
  You know, it's, it's, first of all, they do a trick, which is a trick they do on another  ride.
  They play about 10 seconds worth of the music so they don't have to pay royalty fees.
  So the music is coming in fast here.
  You're going from Barbara Ann to Barbie girl and there's a whole, that's going to come  back around by the way.
  Keep going.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  So I'm just going to go through a couple quick things.
  So like there's a whole, you know, narrative with, I think Barbara Ann is a star.
  Am I correct Jason?  Or did you watch this?  I didn't watch it.
  I had like a clip in one of the abandoned things.
  The character Barbara Ann never seen in any previous media.
  Well you see, you meet a few different characters from popular songs like Gloria, G-L-O-R-I.
  You meet a lot of folks from your favorite song.
  You meet every rock heroine.
  Not everyone.
  Yes.
  So, I mean, there's, you know, I'm, I'm again, I'm going to breeze through this cause we  are running long.
  So there's a section where, you know, everyone's trying to court Barbara Ann and then all of  these other sexy girls come out of like, you know, your 1950s or 60s like changing areas  on a beach.
  And then that's where they introduce Gloria and a different girl.
  And then they go and meet Lola.
  And of course we know Lola from the King song and Lola's clearly a man dressed as a woman,  which of course is very problematic.
  Looks like a woman but talks like a man.
  Of course.
  And then like, honestly, I thought it was going to be whatever Lola wants Lola gets.
  Well that would have been a little bit of variety in terms of the music in this park.
  And we know that.
  It's hard rock.
  It's hard.
  Like Barbara Ann.
  Yeah.
  Or the hardest rock song, Lola.
  But Lola is revealed to be a real mischief maker named Icky Micky.
  Icky Micky, a real troublemaker around these parts.
  And then at a certain point.
  Is that a nod to Micky Dolan?  It might be.
  At a certain point, Chuck Berry song about like pedophilia.
  Icky Micky was a real 12 year old Chuck Berry was into.
  Oh, that's probably true.
  And then there's like, there's a sea monster that shows up that Barbara Ann kisses, which  looks a lot like a Sid and Marty Croft character.
  Sigmund and the sea monster.
  Or Sigmund and the sea monster, excuse me.
  There's a whole thing where there's motorcycles just flying around.
  I don't know why they're there.
  They're like stunt bikes that don't like, they're not fifties appropriate motorcycles.
  There's a section where the men are trying to impress the women and they all have giant  hot dogs because this park is obsessed with dicks.
  It's just dicks everywhere.
  And then they dive into the water that's on fire to like roast their weenies, I guess,  is the joke.
  So again, let's not give them too much credit.
  It's possible they weren't thinking about that.
  So Malibu Beach Party Show, we'll post a link to that.
  That is the Cliff Notes version of it.
  You're going to have more, the listeners will have more homework to do, the amount of homework  that is longer than the episode itself.
  Oh, and Leroy Brown is in the show and he's a lifeguard.
  Does he spit into the wind in the, like a fan?  No, but they call him Captain Steroids because he's strong.
  One of the girls goes, okay, Captain Steroids, because he's like a strong guy.
  Does the events of the Malibu Beach Party make the character Jeremy so sad that he kills  himself?  He's a child at a desk just watching all the events play out.
  Why didn't they ask me?  I missed that party.
  Okay, so an entire other area we haven't, what have we?  We forgot John's 50th birthday at the other stunt show.
  So John Binkowski, back to the protagonist of the tale.
  So we're, yeah, I'm going through YouTube and you're looking for clips of the bare metal  family and it says bare metal family slash John's birthday surprise.
  Yeah, because unlike the cinemard at Croft Park where it seems like photography was not  allowed, photography was definitely allowed at this park and all I gotta say is just more.
  Just I want to shoot it into my veins.
  I can't get all the video, all the photos, listeners, if you have any, like get it to  us.
  However, like I want to, this will be the first one where I'm not drained by the episode.
  I'm going to keep going with Hard Rock Park.
  I mean, I'm definitely going to eBay after that.
  I haven't done any merch hunting.
  Well, you know, so much of the merch legally had to be destroyed.
  What?  Oh right, as part of the bankruptcy.
  We'll get to that in a few minutes.
  Oh yeah, so it's John's birthday and I watched this clip.
  I didn't know who John, I wasn't as, it was one of the first clips I watched.
  So I was like, who is it?  And no one in the audience knows who John Benkowski is, I think.
  I would assume that.
  So yeah, so they have the bare metal family come out and do their normal show and then  they announce that it's John's birthday, which is a break from the format of the show and  like two like sexy girls in like stewardess outfits, like pink dress, short dresses come  up into the stands and take John down to here.
  I'll show you guys.
  They take John down and then they announced that they have a present for John and this  will load.
  It's a Beatles anthology box.
  They lower a wheelchair from the rafters.
  Cause it's John's 50th birthday wheelchair and he gets in the wheelchair.
  Yeah.
  It does seem like in like weird taste, pretty poor taste.
  Like maybe a diaper or a walker even, but like a wheelchair, they're probably like disabled  people in the audience there making a joke of a wheelchair.
  Like, ah, he's got to sit in a wheelchair.
  People who are the most shit out of luck at a theme park are now further mocked by the  founder of the park.
  The Walt Disney of Hard Rock Park.
  I have a theory about this.
  This is all presented as if it's a surprise.
  I'm guessing not a surprise, perhaps John's own idea.
  Well, it feels in the comedic voice of the rest of John Burkowski's material.
  So that's a guess.
  If anyone has any other information about John's 50th birthday, let us know.
  This was a jam packed 150 days.
  They had time for multiple shows, a birthday celebration, change outs of the location of  the bare metal family.
  It's a good thing his birthday fell within those six months of the park being open.
  If it had been during the chapter 11 period, what a bummer that would have been.
  Yes, someone would have had to just give him a wheelchair instead of lower it from the  sky.
  He would have lived in it on the street.
  We know what did happen during the chapter 11 was the show, another show, we haven't  gotten into, Country on the Rocks got an award for being the best new theme park show of  the year anywhere in the country.
  And this award was presented as Hard Rock Park was fighting chapter 11.
  Wow.
  We didn't even discuss Winston the punk rock bulldog.
  That's what I have my cursor on right now to say.
  Their other mascot.
  Yeah, so I looked up, because the first thing I looked up said, okay, the famous characters  from this park was bare metal family and Winston the punk rock dog.
  And I looked up bare metal family, you find a lot of stuff about it, but I cannot find  a thing about Winston the punk rock dog except for a photo of him.
  What does Winston refer to?  Is it a reference to anyone in rock?  Winston Churchill.
  He's British.
  He's a rock and roll leader.
  He's got like a mohawk and he's like a real Johnny Rotten type, I guess.
  But he's a tough, tough bulldog.
  His lower fangs lend themselves perfectly to the punk rock attitude.
  The punk movement, though many genres are not represented in the park, punk is represented  by Winston the punk rock dog and also by the punk pit, which is a bounce house that is  themed around mashing.
  And there's a bunch of like towers with inflatable spikes.
  So what did I say?  Mashing.
  Mashing.
  Hey man, you're a narc.
  No narcs in this park.
  You finally caught me too uncool for a hard ride.
  Well, Jason knows all the cool slang and I don't.
  As always.
  Yes, that's right.
  I forgot about the adult and kid friendly bounce house.
  I.
.
.
  Oh, we haven't even talked about the cow pie life-size checkerboard.
  Oh yeah, checkers made out of giant cow shits in cool country is where that existed.
  By the theater, by the ice skating theater, which I believe was converted to a country  music themed ice show.
  Oh yeah, the original ice theater that the park was built around was utilized to perform  Country on the Rocks.
  But it's still an ice show, an ice country show.
  Yeah, there's a.
.
.
 we have not touched upon the free air guitars rack.
  It's an invisible rack that you can get a free air guitar for shaky humor.
  I think that's actually a solid gag.
  Yeah, that's not bad.
  A little more in line with what you were mentioning as the hard rock cafe mode of humor.
  Yeah, harmless.
  Yeah, a little good clean fun.
  Speaking of good gags, we forgot about the bathroom mirror.
  Oh.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah, this is so convoluted.
  So the bathroom mirror would.
.
.
 it was like a video and it would be on like a 10 second  delay.
  Is that right?  10 second, like about.
.
.
 so you'd walk up to the mirror and there was no one there and  it would be confusing and then you would watch yourself walk up to the sink.
  It's pretty good.
  It is a pretty good.
.
.
  I don't know what a gag is.
  I don't know what like that has to do with a rock and roll, but it's a good gag.
  Are we finding.
.
.
 is this becoming the number one theme park bathroom?  Is it beating the Harry Potter with the strange giggling?  I feel like there's weirdly another bathroom we've talked about that's not coming to me.
  The secret Tiki Room one?  That's a good bathroom.
  That's still like stuck in time?  I like Gomer's Gentleman's Lair.
  The Tiki Room bathroom?  Yeah, there's one right to the left.
  When you.
.
.
 if you were at the Tiki Room in Disneyland and you're in a little pre-show  area, you go up the stairs and instead of going straight through the doorway, there's  a door to your left that's a bathroom that's a holdover from when it was going to be a  dinner theater show.
  So there's like a very small set of bathrooms there.
  Which rumor is might be coming back.
  Oh, where?  In the Aladdin's Oasis part of Disneyland.
  Oh wow.
  But these rumors pop up all the time and we don't know.
  But they originally wanted to be a restaurant with live birds on top of it.
  That's why they built the bathrooms there.
  They thought it was going to be.
.
.
  So you can clean the bird shit off of your clothes dinner show.
  It wasn't after you eat there.
  No, the Tahiti Terrace, that was something else.
  Tahitian Terrace?  Tahitian Terrace was next to it.
  Next to the bathroom?  Next to the tea.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, we're talking about restaurants that don't have funny rock related names at all.
  Yeah, right, sorry.
  But let's not ignore.
.
.
  Does not have a funny rock related name.
  You could not have set that up better.
  Scott, I don't think you meant to.
  You know, Goodwin always wanted to own a fish and chip shop.
  And he finally got his chance at this park.
  Codpiece Fish and Chip Restaurant.
  I have the coat of arms right here, Jason, you can see.
  It's a lion and he's got a little codpiece underneath that says made with pride, battered  and fried.
  Wow.
  I thought the restaurant you were going to mention was.
.
.
  It was called Great Meals Diner, but the E-A-T in great and the M-E in meals were capitalized  on the map and in the neon sign, the other letters would burn out and it would just say  eat me.
  And that's like another one of the great jokes that we've been talking about.
  Great rock and roll jokes.
  Knockers love saying eat me.
  I feel like we're.
.
.
  I think the listeners at this point are picturing a park that is, you know, 10,000 acres.
  It's 55 acres.
  I will say with every single thing that we're saying, as much as a lot of these ideas are  insane or sound shitty or we're like goofing on them, there is something very nice that  it does seem to be the vision of this one guy who just like really had an idea, like  didn't even actually have an idea for a park, but just like fell into this thing.
  Yeah.
  And ran with it.
  Yeah.
  Ran with it and didn't have a lot of oversight for better or worse.
  Yeah, because he didn't have a lot of committees.
  He didn't have to check, it was a pure name licensing thing and he didn't have to check  with Hard Rock about a lot of these decisions.
  They just went nuts.
  Yeah, they paid them, I said 2.
5 million a year for the license.
  Wow.
  I think it was.
  Something like that.
  So we.
.
.
  They were very insistent on the logo, the Hard Rock logo is, you know, that classic  circular kind of logo.
  Classic.
  Classic.
  And that was a subject of debate whether like did people, the billboards, did people, were  they not clear enough that it was a theme park?  People just think it was advertisements for the cafe.
  Pretty bad move in the ads if you can't tell it's a theme park at all.
  Well, that is if you buy ads, which was one of the downfalls of this park according to  all these articles is that I guess they were, they ran out of, they had exactly enough money  to build the park.
  They had, then they had no more money to advertise it.
  No.
  They neglected to buy any ads before opening day.
  So they just opened the park without advertising it.
  And there was some Hard Rock license thing where Hard Rock, the company, would not let  them make deals with local Myrtle Beach hotels.
  Yeah.
  There was no local outreach, which is really key to get locals on your side anytime you  build a theme park.
  I don't think people realize, I mean, it's very clear at Universal Hollywood, there's  houses right above the studio tour.
  I guess a lot of those are at this point owned by Universal.
  Universal Orlando usually doesn't stay open that late nowadays cause there are houses  directly behind the backstage area.
  Oh really.
  And that's why there's not like a million midnight fireworks shows at that park.
  This place made no efforts.
  Made little effort.
  They thought that just because people came to Myrtle Beach, they would just go, oh, there's  a theme park over there.
  Let's go.
  They'll drive by it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And also, yeah, that, I mean, this is really not what people came to Myrtle Beach to do.
  They didn't want to rock out.
  It's more of a budget conscious, Myrtle Beach or the theme park, I think university mentioned  Panama City, Florida.
  I was thinking of Ocean City, Maryland a lot.
  More of like a budget conscious sort of like vacation spot.
  Right.
  And also like if you're a fan of this music, I don't know that you would travel to go ride  the Led Zeppelin coaster or like it doesn't, it doesn't seem like that might necessarily  translate.
 They didn't establish that part, a crucial part of the Led Zeppelin fandom  experience is going on Led Zeppelin the ride.
  It's so, it's so crazy to make that in the way you talk about, we've, our podcast is  podcast the ride.
  We talk about back to the future, the ride, and it feels like the definitive, it's the  ride of that experience.
  This is, this is Led Zeppelin the ride.
  It is just a roller coaster that plays a Led Zeppelin song on it.
  And that summarizes the entire Led Zeppelin experience.
  I was thinking about this.
  So what is, if we're blue sky-ing it, what is the Led Zeppelin ride?  What is the definitive Led Zeppelin e-ticket experience?  Like do we want to see the band?  Do we want to see robots of the band or do we want to see the levee breaking?  Or do you want to see the real levee?  You want to climb the stairway to heaven?  See, now that's what I'm talking about.
  That's what it should be, right?  They tried.
  That that came up, that came up.
  Oh, okay.
  Because, uh, one of the band members wanted the song, the one song that the ride played  to be stairway to heaven.
  That would make sense, I think.
  But as the other band members pointed out, this is a very popular song to play at funerals  apparently, and they thought it would be a bit morbid.
  But thinking ahead, they thought like, Hey, maybe every year we rotate out the song and  in year four or five, we get stairway to heaven in there.
  But at that point, it's such a hit.
  We can get it in there.
  Oh, by the way, John Binkowski, our hero, had to go, he went and pitched this to Robert  Plant and Jimmy Page.
  He's like in person showing him video of like a previs of what the coaster is going to be  like and how it syncs up with a whole lot of love.
  And he got himself into, he embarrassed himself by singing the song in front of Robert Plant.
  He's singing Robert Plant's own song in front of him.
  You gotta give it up.
  He's ballsy.
  Yeah.
  And this is the biggest band that, it's in the park, I would think, right?  Yeah.
  Well, is it, no, I guess the Eagles.
  Are the Eagles like bigger selling because of that greatest tips?  Maybe because they tour and they toured longer.
  So that's another thing when you're talking about.
  So yeah, let's talk about the Eagles.
  The Eagles ride and the RPM ride are both worth talking about.
  So let's start with the Eagles ride.
  The Eagles life in the fast lane.
  All I know about it or want to say about it is that the phrase, the coasters finale was  a helix around metal, metallic rock and roll scarecrows, which shot plumes of fire into  the sky, which I think reflects the music of the Eagles very well.
  I didn't even pick up that it was scarecrows.
  I just thought it was like a logo from one of the album covers.
  It's basically like a poorly themed mine coaster ride that blares life at the fast lane at  you.
  And you pull up next to some weird statues and a fireball goes off and that's the ride.
  It's as much of a nightmare as the man's experience at the hotel California.
  It's a metaphor of what he feels having to be at that scary hotel.
  Or the Eagles member who was in the car.
  I mean the story about life in the fast lane is that he was in a car that his drug dealer  was driving and they were speeding down the PCH like way too fast.
  And I forget what show it was.
  He turned to it's like, Hey, slow down man.
  And the drug dealer turned to him and went, Hey, that's life in the fast lane.
  And then in the four hours Eagles documentary, which this is shaping up to be the same length,  the Eagles member then goes like, Oh yeah, life in the fast lane.
  Oh, that's a ride.
  That's a roller coaster right there.
  And he knew to get the ride made, he'd have to write the song first.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I guess I got to do this step.
  I think before you get on, here's a plus up.
  I think before you get on Eagles life in the fast lane, you should watch a dramatic reenactment  of that scene.
  Actors playing Glenn Fry or whatever.
  And then right, Hey, that's life in the fast lane.
  Doors open, you get on the ride.
  Or there should just be an actor next to you on the roller coaster playing a drug dealer  who says that to you as you're like going crazy fast.
  Like a great movie ride character who jumps in.
  Just every row, the left seat is taken up by a person dressed in drug dealer costume.
  And that person has to ride a roller coaster all day, every day.
  That's his job.
  Better than being AJ, but then getting sprayed with wet confetti.
  And then there's RPM.
  RPM from a technical standpoint, I think is interesting.
  Before we met, it plays a car song, right?  It plays a lot of songs, I think.
  It plays a lot of songs.
  It plays 10 seconds of a lot of songs.
  Yeah, like I was saying before, it's like, to get by is that you can play 10 seconds  of something and you don't have to pay.
  So this ride, uh, in terms of is unique in coaster design in that you got in the car  and it had a fair swill style lift hill.
  So like each car was like lifted up to the top of a hill, like with a first wheel mechanism.
  And then, uh, you went down the hill and you went and threw the rest of the coaster.
  An interesting note about this ride is that, uh, this hadn't been tried before and it had  not been experimented and perfected.
  So a lot of technical issues with this one cause it was kind of like a live test.
  Like it broke down a lot.
  It didn't hold a lot of people per hour.
  The queue line had a karaoke set up.
  Do you guys see this?  Yes.
  That's designed to pass the time.
  Designed to pass the time of like how long it would take for each fair suite, like each  fair swill mechanism to load the car.
  The video is so slow, it's so slow.
  And then the ride is over.
  And then the cars play.
  Yeah, insane.
  All right, so a karaoke show will make people not met.
  You know, just watch a three hour karaoke show.
  So then you could volunteer to do karaoke in line and there'd be a guy hosting it and  he'd roast your ass if you were a bitch at it.
  And it's just, it's so much, it's so much going on.
  How was all of this held in one magical place for only six months?  For only five months.
  Maybe we start talking about what happened, which is the financial collapse of 2008 that  occurred exactly when the park opened.
  Well we haven't even talked about the ticket pricing system.
  You're not a fan of this podcast if you didn't shriek with delight at that phrase.
  Okay, so before we get to the crash of 2008.
  Okay, so there was a very simple ticket pricing system for this.
  No matter how old you were over the age of three, it cost $50 to get it.
  The thinking is that's $50 folks, uh, roughly the same price as the medieval times dinner  and a show.
  Uh, that's $50.
  Uh, the thinking being most of the rides, everyone could ride.
  So why, why would we charge less for the kids if everyone's riding it?  Uh, there was a no, I think later on there was like an after 4pm ticket.
  Um, honestly the best deal seemed to be the annual pass was only $150 so you went three  times.
  You paid that and you'll pass off baby.
  You think people got refunds on the annual pass when the park closed?  No, absolutely not.
  No, no way.
  I might've tried.
  Um, yeah, that's the thing.
  Like no, no discounts or previews for locals.
  This one large, large price, um, which apparently they're a multiple Ripley's believe it or  not in in Myrtle beach, multiple attractions they host.
  And to see all of those attractions is like $55 at that time.
  $50 for from, from three and up is $50.
  So like expensive, expensive for like a family of four.
  And for that you don't even get a nap in white satin sheets to be in the, in the moody blues  bed.
  No.
  And there's no, the hard rock cafe is not close by.
  So you're not even, even if you were like, Oh, we'll eat, we'll go to the park and then  we'll see.
  Like it's, you can't even eat in a town full of deals and discounts.
  And entertainment of all varieties.
  It's sink or swim.
  And for the hard rock park, it was sink extremely quickly.
  Yeah.
  So it also during the, during the financial collapse, and this is when the phrase staycation  was popularized, a lot of people were, I think people in Myrtle beach were taking staycations  and not going half mile to a, to hard rock park.
  Um, so people would, would overhear people talking about like, Oh, what is it?  It's some sort of amusement, but like the hotel owners or the restaurant people that  ask about it and no one knew like word of mouth in a small town.
  This isn't a huge metropolis.
  Like Myrtle beach isn't that big.
  It is a huge theme park that like, it'd be like people living a mile from Disneyland  being like, Oh, there's that thing over there.
  What's that fucking thing?  Oh yeah.
  Someone was telling me about that.
  Yeah.
  What is that?  Who cares?  Shut up.
  The guy who created the parks hit one of his regrets.
  He was saying was that it looked like a normal theme park, but people, so people would drive  by and just go, Oh, that's some boring theme park with roller coasters.
  And they didn't know what kind of magic they were in store for.
  If they came, they didn't know it was full of lewd cows and punk dogs and music that  didn't bleed over into other lands.
  They didn't know shitting bricks, exits, chicken exits for if you got too scared, there was  a sign with a cartoon chicken shitting bricks.
  That's good.
  It's good to make people feel bad.
  All right.
  Well, pussies this way.
  So it, it, uh, the bottom fell out.
  It record gets prices in 2008.
  It became, so it got bought for $25 million off of what a cost of like almost 400 million  to build it.
  Uh, so they, they really kind of took a bath on that.
  It became freestyle music park and they lost their license with the hard rock company and  at, and bankruptcy court made them destroy every bit of merchandise with the hard rock  logo on it.
  So they must have had like a giant bonfire of like, and they, and I only had to destroy  every t-shirt and key chain and everything.
  Um, they had to re theme the entire park in three months.
  And so that's how you wind up with things like the Monstars of rock ride, which was,  they took the nights of white satin ride, which, so this went from, uh, being like everyone  talking about it, like it was the greatest dark ride ever built to what, uh, that guy  Jeremy Thompson calls the most universally hated dark ride in existence.
  One to the bottom.
  I think that actually, I think like the greatest dark ride of all time, uh, might be an overstatement.
  I think that's an over, it looks shitty, the Monstars, but I mean, it's hard to top superstar  limo.
  Like it's a higher profile one.
  People are upset because it was replaced, I think.
  So they're being extra harsh on the Monstars of rock.
  Well, like the Mike Mitchells of the world.
  You gotta have the mother suckling her son.
  I'm going to take out my IP.
  Frankenstein playing the drums sucks.
  I want my IP.
  There are like two friends, I guess this might be a zombie, but this is a picture from that  monster's ride.
  What are these characters?  It's like, yeah, there's, it's like some sort of Frankenstein playing the drums, uh, like  Jack pumpkin head playing the guitar.
  It almost has disdain for its audience.
  Like it's almost like daring you though.
  And also, take this, isn't Monstars trademarked for space jam?  Yeah.
  Like this is again, 2009?  They didn't exist long enough to find out if that would be an issue.
  Um, the Led Zeppelin ride, do you know time machine time machine?  I didn't get to watch that one.
  I watched the ride through.
  Okay.
  Uh, so the Led Zeppelin roller coaster became a roller coaster called time machine.
  And uh, I don't know if it alternated what time you went back to, but the ride through  I watched you were going up the lift hill and it said like, welcome to time machine  and welcome to the 1990s.
  And then like I said, this will come up later.
  It plays such frenetic clips of like, if you want to be my lover, you got to get with my  friends.
  And then just onto something else.
  It's like, it's hitting the fair use like every 15 seconds.
  It's just rotating through songs.
  It's so insane.
  This whole, it's like this whole park is like going through legal loops.
  It's the roller coaster ride there on, um,  all the sections got renamed rock and roll heaven became Myrtle's beach.
  Um, born in the USA became kids in America.
  British invasion became across the pond.
  Cool country became country USA and they were immediately sued by the old owners for not  changing enough.
  Like the hard rock, uh, corporations sued, sued the new owners saying that you just like  basically barely changed this.
  And then, um, and that only lasted like what a couple more months I think.
  Wow.
  And this, there's like nothing to talk about with freestyle.
  It does not have the charm and the wit of a hard rock park.
  This, I mean, the freestyle run seems like the real bottom of the theme park barrel.
  Yeah, that it's, yeah, it's desperate.
  It was pretty sad.
  And um, and then it closed and then I guess some of the rides went to a park called Asia  Park in Vietnam.
  Yes.
  Uh, so I went to the Asia Park website and um, it just seems like mostly a standard amusement  park except the fact that there's a nights in white setting.
  No, no, that's just dead.
  I, the funny thing about the Asia Park website is that they're like, check out our monorail  and I on the homepage I was like, that monorail looks familiar and it is very clearly a Disney  World monorail, uh, and then you click on the link and then it shows you the actual  monorail and it looks totally different.
  So they stole some art.
  It might be the purple one, which has been commissioned for killing a person.
  Um, yeah, very weird Asia Park to have actual pictures of your monorail, but use like a  different picture.
  And they banned to buy Led Zeppelin the ride and then just call it the ride I think.
  Yeah.
  One footnote about Hard Rock Park, according to a Yelp, one of the three Yelp reviews that's  up.
  Oh no.
  Um, apparently there were spiders everywhere.
  The spiders from Mars?  They were like, I don't know.
  They rebranded.
  We meant to do this.
  What questions do you have for the Spider Woman?  They said they were trying to watch the Bohemian Rhapsody Firework show and every bench you  sat on was just crawling with spiders.
  Um, leftover from the clay quarry.
  So, uh, I don't want to say real quick because I don't know that this is going to be quick,  but like when you think a concert's over, but then you keep clapping and the band comes  out for a killer encore.
  Like us right now.
  I want to talk about this stuff they had planned that never got built for Hard Rock Park cause  there's a lot of it.
  They had grand plans, which I think honestly, if the economic conditions had been better,  you know, I feel like there are a lot of, of, of new parks that open and people kind  of go like the first year is always a wash.
  Uh, so I think like if the economy had been doing better and they had been able to compromise  on like ticket tiers or advertising the second year, I think this park might still be around  or at least have gotten a few more years and they certainly had grand plans.
  Like uh, for example, Rockin' Horror Nights, their version of Halloween Horror Nights.
  Here is some concept art for a poster.
  It is a guitar that is also a chainsaw.
  What don't they turn a guitar into?  And it's got the tagline, what?  Afraid of a little music, which I'm not quite sure what that's a play on.
  Oh, you know, and also the third thing that they made a guitar and do is that they do  have a sword in the stone ripoff.
  Oh yeah.
  They crown the king or queen of rock every afternoon.
  I'm sure they have a guy dressed in like a leather vest.
  There was plans for a wedding chapel, the little white chapel kind of themed after the  little white chapel, uh, in Vegas.
  Uh, so if you want to have an unconventional rock and roll wedding, um, there was a Paradise  City, which I love.
  Paradise City was going to be like their version of downtown Disney or a city walk, but they  wanted to go a step further.
  Like our California landmarks, the Americana and the Grove.
  Uh, there was going to be condos above Paradise City.
  So you could have a time share at the Hard Rock Park.
  And this is in addition to plans for a Hard Rock hotel.
  Uh, people were going to live there.
  Yes.
  People, you could live in Hard Rock.
  Um, wow.
  Well we know where Bugmane would be.
  The summer house would be.
  Our friend who lives at the Americana in Glendale.
  Uh, water rides.
  They had plans for so many water rides.
  It's like, they really want a welcome to the jungle themed rapids ride.
  So with those, so Paradise City and welcome to the jungle, there was a whole Guns and  Roses section or we don't know.
  It just happened because there was a song.
  Patience Planet.
  Every song is becoming.
  I think this is the name.
  Was Chinese democracy out by then or did it come out in 2010?  No, I think that was 2010.
  Yeah.
  There was plans.
  I don't know if we can put those songs in there.
  They were going to, okay, they were lengthen the track on, uh, on the RPM coaster, on the  cars coaster.
  Cause it was short.
  The criticism of it was that the ride was very short.
  Yeah.
  So then they were going to put in a magnetic launch system halfway through and they were  trying to pair with Jaguar to do it.
  The car company.
  The car company.
  Yes, that's right.
  And speaking of car companies, the Ford Motor Company not doing well at the time.
  They were approached for, uh, build a factory, build a factory on site and, uh, what appears  to be like a swinging pirate ship, but it was going to be a giant, uh, uh, Ford convertible,  a giant Lincoln convertible.
  Uh, and then more ads is what you're saying.
  More ads.
  Yeah.
  The cars would save the part.
  Yeah.
  Cars would say the cars and rock and roll are intertwined.
  And you would see that in the attraction called Mustang Sally.
  Mustang Sally was going to be a journey through route 66, including like America's main street.
  And you would start at Chicago and end in Los Angeles.
  I know we keep, we keep saying this over and over again.
  Here are the top songs in 2008.
  Viva la Vida by Coldplay.
  I kissed a girl, Katy Perry.
  These songs are not old.
  This is what 2008 was like.
  So it's crazy.
  Mustaries a decade old.
  Yeah, that is crazy.
  Oh my God.
  Number three must've been like an Eagles song though, right?  Believe it or not.
  It's like womanizer Britney Spears.
  Well, Mike, what if I were to tell you that Mustang Sally stopped at a drive in hamburger  car hoppers, stir up, or racing into a drag race.
  What is this ride?  You just drive around, you drive around.
  Honestly, the way they describe it, you're driving through like this main street and  stuff.
  It sounds kind of like what radiator racers, radiator Springs, radiator Springs racers  became.
  So it was going to, would there be a daddy's little fatty?  Yeah.
  Little fatty stunt show.
  Did they get the Bob Wills in his Texas playboys license?  Well, he was going to go in the Bob Wills in the Texas playboys land.
  What?  Entire section.
  And then, and then they had a big plan in the year 2026 to open the hall of black musicians.
  It was not a lot of just one small room.
  Not a lot of rap.
  Not a big deal.
  Not a lot of women.
  Oh God, I didn't even talk about the Arlo Guthrie Alice's Restaurant.
  Oh yeah.
  That's crazy.
  Arlo Guthrie.
  And then the big, the big centerpiece of this Alice's Restaurant, this, which is a very  boring song that some old people like.
  That me and my nerd friends thought was hilarious when we were 13 years old.
  The reason Jason got into comedy was Arlo Guthrie.
  Arlo Guthrie and the Adventurer's Club.
  Like influenced the folk singers.
  The centerpiece of this, this is actually built, the centerpiece was a lazy Susan with  Arlo Guthrie's face on it.
  Then you would turn it around and he would be young and then he would be old.
  So they weren't able to pull off the extension, the hyper speed extension to the roller coaster,  but they were able to build a table size lazy Susan.
  Correct.
  So yeah, this place pulled off some stuff.
  With Arlo Guthrie's face on it.
  I mean with this thing, this is, I mean it's crazy.
  So was that, was there more new stuff coming?  Well just the Hard Rock Hotel.
  We said the Hard Rock Hotel and it was Heavy Metal Graveyard was the name of the sculpture  garden you would enter through, exclusive for hotel guests.
  Hotel separate from the condos, what?  And there would be tombstones there at like, graves of dead, like heavy metal people?  No, that's just what they called the sculpture garden with the upsetting mouth sculpture.
  So that did exist.
  They already had a cemetery.
  But it wasn't like gravestone to Metallica's dead bass player or something.
  Their wish list for the Halloween event was like, stuff themed to like Alice Cooper, Marilyn  Manson, Iron Maiden, which didn't Halloween Horror Nights get Alice Cooper?  They had Black Sabbath.
  They had a Black Sabbath house.
  Alice Cooper has designed mazes for Halloween.
  He's designed mazes for Halloween stuff.
  Also on their wish list to not get closed.
  Get everything on the list.
  I feel like no one visits the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, right?  That's got to be one of the lowest, like do you know anyone who's gone to Cleveland to  visit that?  Just Vic Berger.
  Right.
  But he was only there because he was at the convention.
  I feel like that is an existing rock and roll tourist destination that no one I know has  ever expressed an interest in going.
  No one you know.
  We know nothing but kitsch hounds and psychopaths.
  Nobody's taking the plunge to Cleveland.
  I'll go there if I'm there for some reason.
  There would be no reason I would make a trip.
  But no one is like traveling to a rock and roll tourist.
  Like this whole thing does seem like it was a bad idea from the beginning.
  I think like and like the name Hard Rock Park is like a bad name.
  I think it should be like Rockland or something.
  Right.
  Rockland is better.
  Rockland theme park.
  Put theme in the name so people know.
  Yeah, that helps.
  I would think it was a Hard Rock Cafe if I saw that logo and it told me what exit to  get off.
  Oh, parking for Hard Rock Cafe.
  Terrific.
  Yeah, yeah, exactly.
  Well, yeah, also, yeah, it doesn't it sound like it sounds like a theme park based on  a restaurant more than the concept of hard rock.
  So it's going to be roller coasters that are like tables.
  It's like a check in stand.
  Their macaroni is pretty good.
  Yeah, it's because like what is the what is an average baby boomer?  What do they think of the Hard Rock Cafe?  Do they think of their rock and roll heroes or do they think of like a hamburger that's  OK?  Like do they think what do they think of when they think of the brand?  What is the brand inspire in them?  This is my thing with the brand in general is what what is it?  What I don't know what it's getting at.
  And you go to Hard Rock Cafe and there's a car rotating around and like it'll say like  save the planet, but also save a few fries for me.
  Like it's like it's this weird, really passionate but attitude and like that hard rock humor.
  I could get a job writing their sign jokes.
  You know, my family always had positive associations with it, for one thing, because the food was  always better than playing Hollywood.
  The food was always better here.
  Oh, well, what a mountain to climb.
  The food is better than playing Hollywood.
  At the restaurant and then always had a great time at the hotel.
  I stayed at the hotel last year in Orlando.
  It was great.
  The hard rock, the brand, the Hard Rock Hotel in Orlando is good.
  Yeah.
  The Hard Rock restaurant out here and anywhere else blows hard.
  It's so bad.
  They're terrible.
  They're so overpriced.
  You also had a bad experience at one of the other hotels, right?  Didn't you stay at one?  The Hard Rock?  The Hard Rock Hotel.
  Didn't you tell us tell me a story?  You got beaten up, right?  There were symbols on the lamps in the hallways and someone was eating the symbol.
  Yeah, that was it.
  We were in Orlando.
  The hotel was still nice, but in the.
.
.
  Oh, yeah.
  This is insane.
  Wait, that was Orlando or Vegas?  Oh, God.
  Is there one in Vegas?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I don't remember which one.
  It's off the trip.
  Oh, yeah.
  It probably was Vegas then because there were a lot of real drunk people.
  This dumbest decision you could possibly make in Las Vegas at a hotel is in the hallway  over the light fixtures putting real symbols from a drum set.
  They hang.
  They are everywhere and all that happens during the night is that drunk guys just bang on  them as they're walking to their room.
  Oh, God.
  So you get in the middle of the night, you're jolted away because some asshole came back  and just started clanging a symbol.
  That's rock and roll, man.
  They've had a lot of incidents in Vegas.
  There was a thing where there was a three-year-old who got hit by a growing machine and he made  his way to the Hard Rock Cafe and picked up the guitar and the sign and played it because  he was the size of the guitar by that point.
  And the SWAT team had to shoot him down and there was a little Indian in his pocket.
  So they about.
.
.
  Yeah, look, it's a troubled franchise in general and drunk guys and blown up kids.
  So you know.
.
.
  Get out of this.
  What's the point of getting out of this?  I don't know.
  I think we're stuck.
  We can't leave here.
  What about other.
.
.
  No, go ahead.
  Oh, just as a little footnote.
  There's a book on Amazon called Grandstand by Reed Barwick that's kind of the primary  colors of more of freestyle music park than Hard Rock Park.
  But it's a lightly fictionalized ebook by a former employee in 2010.
  Hard Rock Park is known as Rock Time Amusement Park and Freestyle Park becomes Good Times  Park.
  And it's about a reporter named Caitlin Tufts and her managing editor Jack O'Banion set  out to discover the real story behind Rock Time Amusement Park in Myrtle Beach.
  And in the reviews.
.
.
  And so basically there's something fishy afoot at this rebranded rock themed amusement park.
  So it's clear what the guy's talking about.
  He was working as a purchasing manager at Freestyle and he would watch the new owners  walk through with Russian investors who bailed out the park and made it become Freestyle  Park.
  And this was his quote to Myrtle Beach Online, and why he wrote the book.
  You're watching things and you think, this would be an interesting story if there was  something to it more than what there was.
  Which I think anything would be an interesting story if there was something more to it that  would make it interesting.
  A flourish does make a story interesting.
  And so it's about this reporter trying to get to the bottom of what happened at this  park and there's a review that has a spoiler in it that mentions this journalist Caitlin  Tufts that's investigating has to become a sniper and take out the bad guys while the  FBI is closing in.
  So that's Grandstand, that's the inside story of Hard Rock becoming Freestyle and the shady  dealings.
  Check it out, read Jay Barwick on Amazon.
  Yeah, I looked up that book after you mentioned it to us earlier.
  It is $9.
99, a little high for a Kindle self-published book.
  It is $399 pages long.
  And I am going to buy it as soon as I get home.
  I actually have it right here and here now is the prologue.
  Dedication.
  But all this said, we did feel there were some missed opportunities though for like  more music themed stuff.
  Yeah, I mean we all had different ideas.
  I mean some of us would have plussed the park up as is.
  My particular idea for the park would be to bring it back but you know make it more a  little more modern.
  But we can all, yeah Jason you were about to say you had some ideas.
  Well yeah, I mean number one with a bullet, missed opportunity, Gigi Allen themed bathroom.
  I feel like you know another group to bring it up a little closer to present day but still  keep it not exactly too timely.
  Some sort of chocolate covered starfish and hot dog flavored water.
  Oh all of the water in the park is hot dog flavored.
  Can you imagine if you fell into that water?  Oh yeah, like butter beer has been such a hit.
  If you could get hot dog water and you get a little chocolate starfish on top that would  be great.
  And you're just saying that though because the Sheridans have had a great relationship  with hot dog water over the years.
  Specifically Jason Sheridan.
  And then for this I got to give credit to a YouTube user.
  They use their real name.
  I'm not going to read that.
  On a comment I think I pulled this from the time machine ride through I watched.
  They said I am sad that none of the songs from Tragic Kingdom by No Doubt were on there  like Spiderwebs, Don't Speak, Excuse Me Mister, Sunday Morning or Just Like a Girl.
  It'd be cool if someday a dark ride was themed to the tragic kingdom with 14 scenes for each  of the songs.
  Which this would be the most elaborate dark ride ever made and I think it's time.
  I think we need to take this person's advice.
  Take Elias's advice and let's build this Tragic Kingdom ride.
  Not to contradict her comment but to be fair Hard Rock Park is full of spiderwebs.
  Oh, I guess that was, you know everyone talks about the attention to detail.
  And I guess that's the nod to No Doubt.
  Yeah, yeah, it's in.
  That's what the spiders were about.
  I had a couple ideas for some coasters.
  I thought, you know, let's get some more modern bands in there, I agree.
  And let's represent one of the best, we're all thinking about it, blues traveler.
  So the runaround roller coaster and you are in a giant, your ride vehicle is a giant John  Popper harmonica.
  And as you move past certain sections of the track you go through his big sweaty mouth  and it's like he is playing you.
  I have another idea which is a double coaster, like the dueling dragons kind of vibe but  it's based around the spin doctor's two princes.
  You get to choose which prince and at the end you determine which prince wins the hand  of the girl.
  And another guy legitimately a big rocker not represented in the park is Ozzy Osbourne.
  And so, and you know, obvious one, don't you want to get on the crazy train?  And so my idea for a crazy train roller coaster is that you have one of those quick launches,  magnetized launches, and it's like you are getting sucked up, pulled into his nostrils  and up into his brain.
  He's snorting you like cocaine and then you get to go in, take your crazy train through  Ozzy's brain.
  And you see flickers of ideas that he's having of some of the crazier things he's done in  his life.
  Like when he did a Nazi goose step and then dipped his testicles into a music executive's  glass of wine and then peed in it.
  So you could watch, you passed by a video kind of playing him having the idea.
  But then at the end, right, when you think Ozzy's lost his mind entirely, there's a nice  little ending, which is that you pass by a little glimmer of the idea for the Osbournes  TV show.
  Oh, nice.
  That ties it all together.
  A good idea he had that turned everything around.
  That's crazy train the ride.
  That's great.
  I mean, let me throw a few out.
  Sure.
  If you wouldn't mind.
  That sounds good.
  Yeah, so I'm thinking maybe more modern.
  So like what rock songs have really like permeated the culture?  And let me start by saying, wouldn't it be cool to go on a dark ride in a nuclear power  plant?  And especially one that maybe is melting down.
  Hell yes.
  I'm talking about, and Jason knows where I'm going with this.
  I'm talking about radioactive Imagine Dragons the ride.
  Okay, welcome to the new age.
  All right.
  And you're going through it now.
  I'm taking liberties with the song.
  It's not really about a meltdown, a nuclear power plant, but we're just gonna like the  Knights in White Satin make some shit up about what it is.
  So you're just going through there and you all have to wear vests, like thick metal to  prevent it.
  And of course you make it out of there narrowly.
  All right, let's talk kids.
  Kids have to play in fun areas.
  Okay.
  They better.
  They better, yeah.
  So we're gonna have obviously have them go to the fun, we are young section of the park.
  And they're gonna play on, you know, the little equipment and there's gonna be water spraying.
  My last idea, not as new of a band, but I guess keeping in the tradition of the hard  rock and it's how current it is, this attraction is much like this upcoming Millennium Falcon  simulator ride to Star Wars land.
  This attraction is called The Day the Music Died.
  And you have to sit and pilot the plane that Richie Valens, the Buddy Holly, and the Big  Bob were on.
  Can you change history and keep these three musical legends alive?  And the great thing about this is a simulator, you can lose.
  And then if you lose, much like in Star Wars land, employees will come up to you later  and go, I heard what you did.
  I heard what happened.
  I heard you let them down.
  And that'll follow you around Hard Rock Park, which is fun.
  It's interactive.
  It's what everyone wants now.
  You know what they're already starting to call today because of you?  The day the music died.
  It's already good.
  The day's not even over.
  That's what people are saying.
  Yeah.
  What a reputation to carry around with you.
  But if you do crash the plane, they congratulate you for allowing that classic song to be written  about the plane crash.
  Right.
  Well, there's a walk around American Pie.
  Is that what you're saying?  Yeah.
  Yeah, okay.
  So you, yeah, wait a minute.
  Or you think you're supposed to keep the plane in the air, or you land it safely, and then  you ruin.
.
.
  Dom McLean doesn't get to have a career.
  But there's a Dom McLean walk around, and if you do crash a plane, he comes around and  thanks you.
  He says, thank you.
  I've been inspired.
  And it's played by Dom McLean.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Dom McLean is playing himself.
  He's around.
  Uh huh.
  So that's, I mean, those are just some ideas.
  They're not fleshed out, but you know.
  I would just, my only thing, I would just give Winston the punk rock dog a friend.
  It would be a walk around character dressed as Macklemore, dressed as that anti-Semitic  character that he performed at once and got in trouble for.
  His name is Churchill.
  Winston and Churchill.
  Wow.
  Well, we covered it all.
  That's roller coasters, that's kids' areas, that's shows, new technology.
  And I feel like that coda we just did was like the day in the life of our immediately  classic album of Failed Rides, the podcast, the ride, the episode.
  And with that being said, here's 70 more ride ideas.
  Okay, now we're coming back to the station.
  Jason Walliner, you've survived Podcast the Ride.
  Thank you so much for having me.
  That's saying something in this case.
  It's usually not the badge people really have to wear with pride, but you really survived  something here.
  I feel like we've all spent a day together in 100 degree South Carolina heat at the Hard  Rock bar.
  Yeah, you know, we'll never in our lives get to go there, but I kind of do feel like we  went there.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It feels like we really spent some time in that environment.
  And we got more time out of this than people got out of the world of Sid and Marty Croft.
  We got a more robust amount of hours.
  Mikey is going to tell us to leave soon and we're not allowed to come back in and do the  parts we liked again.
  The lights will be shut off of this podcast episode.
  This part still exists.
  It's still on Google Earth.
  If you want to check it out, you can still fly around it and walk around it like that  weird post-apocalyptic thing.
  It's used for post-apocalyptic scenes and movies.
  Oh yes, Revolution.
  Revolution.
  But as I said, a lot of.
.
.
  I forgot to get to Revolution.
  Did you watch that?  I didn't watch it.
  I didn't watch it.
  But a lot of, you know, now a lot of the park is just, as I said, seven hours ago, the Medieval  Times horses are now running free around that place.
  And how beautiful.
  What a beautiful image.
  Just like a couple of white horses free to roam where the land where people once walked.
  Once rocked.
  When once rocked.
  Hey, thank you so much for being here.
  Any further thoughts, Jason, or anything you'd like to alert the world to?  No.
  You said it.
  That'll do it, folks.
  Thanks for joining us.
  And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
