 Warning, the following podcast contains suicidal cheese grainers, the comedy stylings of both  ham and eggs, another Disney doll face creature that will haunt your dreams, and the most heated  podcast the ride argument ever.
  It's Food Rocks and Kitchen Cabaret with Van Robichaud on today's Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride with your hosts, three guys who literally get drunk and argue  about how many days you need for a Tokyo Disney vacation.
  Joining me today is as always Mike Carlson who voted three.
  Yeah, this happened two days ago, it was at the end of my birthday and Scott was like  yelling at me I think because I said, well we're going to Tokyo Disneyland and I want  to spend three days and you're like, no, two, two days.
  And I was like, why, what?  I said three, I didn't say 13, I kept making sure you knew I said three and not like 30.
  Oh, you thought I misheard.
  I wasn't sure, I mean, I was, you know, cocktails were consumed, I wasn't out of my mind, but  I just wanted to make sure.
  Well yeah, that's the look, a regular opinion for some reason becomes a shouted animated  opinion.
  Sure, yeah.
  But you know, well, you know, and not to rehash it, but also a person who voted four days,  Jason Sheridan.
  Well, okay, look, it's good to have.
  I would four, I think four is great.
  Yeah, it's good to have two days per park because you don't know what you're going to like and  then you have to cram.
  If you start with one park, one day, one park each, then you're nervous.
  You got to cram everything.
  You don't know what you're going to like.
  We're nervous men.
  That's the risk you take anywhere you travel.
  That's true, but then you have that extra day for each park and one, they don't let  you park hop in Tokyo, right?  They don't let you park hop, I believe.
  Their ticket system works differently.
  This is what happened.
  The last memory I have of being in the hotel is there's some other friends of ours that  don't care much about this crap and there are three or four of them against the wall  and I kept yelling, it's the greatest park in the world, supposedly.
  Supposedly it's the greatest park in the world.
  Three days isn't crazy.
  And they're like looking at me like, oh yeah, there's like nodding along and like, why are  we involved in this?  Anyway, hey, you guys over here.
  Happy big three, four to our own Michael Carlson.
  Hey, yeah.
  Thank you very much.
  By the time this airs, it will have been three months ago.
  I'll be 35 by the time this airs.
  Yes, yeah.
  Well, what a way, what a better way to spend your birthday than going to a hotel bar and  shouting about ticket types and itineraries.
  That's the type of thing I like to do.
  You know, hey, well, that's what I'm saying.
  It was fun.
  Legitimately.
  Hey, I'm glad we can hash it out.
  As we've said on our Twitter, the podcast goes every day, all day.
  There's many bonus episodes always being done for no one.
  Yeah, sometimes just quietly muttered to ourselves.
  There'll be a Truman show kind of a situation and it'll just be us and you will see that  it's 80% of our lives.
  I was just yelling about like, yeah, when we start camming, when we start camming, yeah,  when we start camming and it's just us talking about theme parks.
  Yeah, when we say, is camming the word, isn't camming just a sex cam?  Isn't that what you say about it?  It's a webcam.
  People do difference.
  A Twitch streaming, I guess, is the more innocent version.
  Yeah, that would have been more D rated.
  But we're going to, so we're going to start doing that at some point, just all day.
  We won't go meet each other.
  We'll be on separate webcams for 14 hours, just muttering theme park opinions.
  And if anyone gives us a tip, maybe taking off an item of clothing.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We're open to that.
  Yeah, sure.
  Good way to make money.
  I don't want to make our guest way here, but a quick question though, Scott.
  Are you still right now completely sober adamant that you should only spend two days at the  Tokyo Disneyland Resort?  Is that still a strong belief?  You know, well-  You just riled up.
  Or is it fun, the party and you were enjoying yourself?  I do still, I think it's a, like I'm dying.
  So we all, some of us might be going, we're talking about Tokyo Disney trips and I don't  know, it's two parks.
  You do it in two days.
  Makes sense to me.
  I don't know.
  If I do three, are you going to be like that freak?  I wouldn't.
  That was the tone.
  Like that was sort of, it was a good natured tone, but that was the tone of like-  But I was oddly judgmental.
  Yeah.
  I'm glad we can-  No!  What?  Boy, what a monster.
  The bottle really brought it out of him.
  Someone was clowning on us recently because we were talking about trying to plan just  a itinerary in Japan.
  And I think I was the one who was like, well, I think you need four days for the parks and  five days for the rest of the country.
  Like what are the most interesting countries in the world?  One of the most fascinating countries.
  I think that's what I'm saying.
  If you're going to be in Japan, maybe you want to do-  You just add on more days to both.
  You just add on more days to parks, add on more days to Japan.
  You have to, minimum you have to be in Japan for eight weeks.
  Yeah.
  That's probably the only way everyone-  Yeah, that probably works out.
  Yeah.
  And you take Disney breaks.
  You do, you know-  Yes.
  Come back for a full week and a half.
  Yes.
  I mean-  Well, you also, and you also got a cake in time for Puroland, the Hello Kitty thing.
  Yes, I do want to show them how Puroland-  And Universal in Osaka.
  There's a lot.
  The Robot Restaurant.
  And the Ghibli Museum.
  And yeah.
  All right, well, let's bring our guest down.
  Yeah, sure.
  Well, he's been, he's actually been, we have not.
  Oh, that's right.
  And we must get you in on this.
  And I think you're a person who's, it seems like you've got deep-seated theme park opinions  and arguments and things to bring to the table.
  And I'm glad to have you.
  With past guest, Evan Susser, he's a co-writer of the film Fist Fight.
  And of course, the tech guru behind Van Lab's Test Podcast and Mitch.
Pizza.
  It's Van Roba Show.
  Thanks for joining us.
  Hi, guys.
  It's great to be here.
  Hey.
  Thank you for being here.
  I'm really excited.
  I'm feeling, after you hear this argument about how many appropriate days it would be  to spend at the Tokyo Disneyland Resort.
  And how many drinks is it appropriate for somebody to be viciously angry about someone's  opinion in this area?  With one day difference.
  I want to discourage the vicious anger.
  Okay, good.
  Yeah.
  But I think that it's a very personal thing.
  I think that you guys need to be more accepting of each other's.
  That's a good point.
  I don't know that there's a one size fits all amount of time for every person.
  That's a good point.
  I hear Scott saying he only wants to be there for two days.
  And some could be concerned, well, that means you're going to miss some things.
  That means there's going to be some stuff you didn't get to do.
  What if one of your things that would have been your favorite thing to do, you never  did it.
  And that could be a problem for some people.
  That anxiety could just ruin their Tokyo Disneyland trip.
  And maybe that person should go for three days.
  But I think Scott's the kind of guy who he's going to hit what he wants to hit in one day.
  And that's going to be enough of the experience, I think, for him to understand.
  Maybe he'll want to go back.
  Huh.
  Very Zen, chilled out, nice, appropriate answer.
  You had no arguments for four though.
  No, that's crazy.
  There you go.
  All right, all right, fair enough.
  I'm a trailblazer.
  I'm happy to be on the bleeding edge of vacation planning thought.
  You push the limits.
  Yeah.
  The Hunter S.
 Thompson of vacationing.
  Yeah.
  I drove.
  I was in a car with a bunch of people past Tokyo Disneyland on the way to the airport  leaving Japan.
  I was close enough that I saw the top of something.
  Was it a castle?  Was it the volcano?  I don't know.
  It was like, oh, that's a piece of it I can kind of see.
  That's as close as I got.
  And that's a terrible feeling.
  And that, oh, so you didn't go in.
  Oh, I didn't get to go.
  I didn't go in the park.
  You just saw it's golden spires.
  Oh my God.
  I was getting out of Japan in 36 hours.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  That's the only time you've been to Japan.
  Yeah.
  That's my only time.
  So I was like within spitting distance of it, but I didn't get to go.
  That's cool.
  Oh, bummer.
  That's a nightmare.
  That's a thing I would literally have a bad dream about.
  Yeah.
  You weren't working.
  You weren't like on some crazy like one crazy night.
  No, I wasn't like my choice was like, you know, I'm going 36 hours.
  That's how I'm going to do it.
  That's just like the way to do it for me.
  I'm copying an episode of the layover with the Anthony Bourdain.
  Well, I guess we can agree then 36 hours and not going in is the least optimal way to.
  Yeah.
  That's the worst way to do it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  But you're so you seem like you're you're pretty big parks guy.
  We've known each other for a little bit.
  And the fact that you it seems like you're a big Epcot.
  I love Epcot.
  Not ironically, I want to make that clear.
  Yeah.
  I mean, they're but because Epcot specifically, I think attracts some ironic love that is  genuine.
  But like, you know, the like the you know, the Epcot Twitter account, for example, you  ever.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Twitter account.
  What's the tone of it?  I don't really know.
  It doesn't it it claims to be the Twitter account for Epcot.
  It doesn't break characters that that's a big piece of it.
  And but it's the sort of absurdist things or sometimes just like someone lost a wallet.
  Yeah.
  The bit is that it's like some dumpy park that no one wants to go to.
  And there's like two guys that work there.
  And it's like, I'm going to close up.
  Not a lot of people in the park today.
  I'm closing up early, like stuff like that.
  But yeah, I want to make it clear that while I do, I do follow that Twitter account and  I think I really just I'll take any Epcot content that I can.
  Yeah.
  But it is a genuine love.
  Epcot was always my favorite park.
  I went to Disney World a lot as a kid.
  I lived in New Orleans.
  And so it's not that far.
  You would go would you go once a year?  Would you go?  We would go we would go once a year.
  We would drive a lot of the time.
  It's one of those things where it's like close enough that to fly there takes almost as long  as to drive there just because airports just are such time sucking things.
  Yeah.
  How long would it take to drive just out of curiosity?  Like a five hour drive.
  Not bad.
  Oh, yeah, that's a Vegas.
  Oh, that's pretty good.
  That's closer than any of us.
  So yes, we would go every year for like like there was a nine year stretch where we went  every year.
  And you and Epcot as a because I was so definitively a Disney MGM Studios kid, despite my recent  disparaging of it and what has what's become of the park.
  But like I like weirdly as a kid, I think I found stuff to enjoy about Epcot, but I like  I was always in the other parks, even Magic Kingdom, kind of thinking about the next strike  at Disney MGM.
  I was a big MGM fan, but I preferred Universal for my in that area theme park experience.
  It felt more authentic.
  You feel it.
  That's really where you would ride the movies.
  Yeah.
  Faking it.
  Feel the heat.
  Yeah, closer to him.
  And yeah, no.
  And I remember I remember going to the Nickelodeon studios.
  I never got to go at Universal.
  I know you never did.
  So when I went and I went on the tour, like there was a part where you could see the sound  stage and like, you know, at a certain point, it's like that's where all that is filmed  or whatever.
  At this time, it was like that's where this is being rented out for the live action Mortal  Kombat TV show.
  Whoa.
  Really?  I don't even remember what that is.
  There was a like from the same like production company as the movies, I think there's a short  lived live action Mortal Kombat TV show.
  It was a show on Saturday after the cartoons that was like not Mortal Kombat, but it was  Ninja fights in a cage.
  Yeah.
  It was kind of like, yeah, I know exactly what you're talking about.
  I don't remember the name, but it was like a live action Street Fighter or like it was  not Mortal Kombat.
  It was like a karate take on WWE.
  Yes, anyway, that's the kind of real life film and television production, right?  Universal studios, even in Florida can bring you to close to an MGM.
  Never really had that.
  Oh, but you, but you got the MMC, you got the Mickey mask club, which is a big, that  is true.
  And the golden girls exterior, the house, the heart, like really quickly, they stopped  filming stuff.
  Thunder in paradise.
  I think they, some of that stuff was down there.
  Oh boy.
  And the intro of thunder thunder paradise, if you, if you don't know is a, like a Baywatch  ripoff that was starring Hulk Hogan.
  Is he credited as like Terry Hulk Hogan, Balea, I think.
  Yeah.
  It's this one that was shot in the seven seas lagoon.
  Yes, but it's supposed to be like paradise.
  It's supposed to be what the Bahamas or the Caribbean or something.
  And it's very clearly the grand Floridian resort in Orlando, Florida in the background.
  There's also like a boat that changes.
  Like there's a.
  There's like a sort of like a Knight Rider car kit, but a boat, it doesn't talk to you,  but it's like a fancy high tech vehicle in that same way.
  With infinite room in the bottom, the scenes that are set in the, in the like interior  cabin of the boat.
  There's so much space.
  It's bonkers.
  Have you and Evan Susser been approached to reboot thunder in paradise?  No, no.
  Perhaps with a John Cena or a newer wrestler.
  I don't think that was, was that a, a WWE associated production?  I don't think it was.
  And Hulk Hogan would have stayed away from even wrestling again, if it was a hit.
  He was, he was hoping he was done because he was hoping that was syndicated.
  Like Baywatch, he could just ride that to a weird infinite Europe money.
  Yeah, that didn't happen.
  And he went back to WCW and he turned heel and the rest of that arc.
  Oh, okay.
  Oh, interesting.
  Now what became of Jack Lemmon's son who was also in the show?  Was that his like dinky sidekick?  Yeah, yeah.
  Who's eerily Jack Lemmon looking.
  Like once you, once you're told it's Jack Lemmon's son, you just, you kind of can't  keep your eyes off.
  Like, oh, it's such an optical illusion.
  How Jack Lemmon-y he is.
  Jack Lemmon's son also joined the NWO and turned heel after thunder in paradise.
  I'm mad about the cancellation.
  Damn it.
  Big faction.
  Yeah, I would say my, my order of ranking the Disney World parks would be Epcot, then  MGM studios, then the magic kingdom, then animal kingdom.
  I think most people would put animal kingdom at the bottom.
  Maybe not anymore.
  Not anymore.
  I've heard it's gotten more popular lately.
  I really, when they opened animal kingdom and killed all those animals, that, that is  a thing that happened.
  The birds, they know when they opened animal kingdom, they were like not really prepared  to deal with keeping a bunch of animals alive.
  Oh right.
  Yeah.
  And they quickly learned on their feet some about some mistakes in the way they were doing  things and like a lot of the animals died.
  Yeah.
  Like a giraffe might not love the Orlando heat.
  And that always, that, that soured the park for me.
  I'll be honest.
  Yeah, that makes sense.
  I mean, yeah, I get that.
  I kind of scaled back on the there's real animals of it all in that park tremendously.
  There are, I was there six months ago and there are a lot of animals there and it's,  it's still pretty crazy.
  I mean, I know they, they used to, I think have a much more aggressive slate of animals,  maybe.
  Yeah.
  Well, that was a big thing they learned early on is that like the, the Safari where you  would see all the animals, if you went in the summer, they'd all be sleeping during  the day or like hunting for shade because it's just so ungodly hot.
  But now do they breed like zebras who specifically are meant to be Orlando zebras?  I'm assuming there has been some genetic engineering going on where they've been, you know, what,  like a lizard or something.
  They give them lizard DNA and that makes them stand up in the heat.
  While we're going through the parks, let me just ask you guys not to take over the podcast.
  No, no.
  Go for it.
  Can I ask you Blizzard Beach or Typhoon Lagoon?  Huh?  Um, I, I haven't been to Typhoon Lagoon in years, but we just went to Blizzard Beach  like six months ago.
  Uh, I think it's Blizzard Beach, even though Blizzard Beach is like saying Pizza Hut is  better pizza than like a local pizza place.
  I think, I think Typhoon Lagoon is the classier, better choice.
  But if you like kind of like gaudy crap, Blizzard, you can't go wrong with Blizzard Beach.
  Kind of like, like reveling in its, uh, in its fakiness and silliness.
  Yes, it is.
  Blizzard Beach is the nineties.
  You, they haven't changed a thing about it.
  It is like that.
  Yeah, it's great.
  It's teal and purple colors that Disney World.
  And you're forgetting the lead ice skater, the mascot of Blizzard Beach.
  Oh, the skier gator, ice gator, ice gator.
  Right.
  I like ice gator.
  And then there's a Typhoon Lagoon gator who, I forget his name.
  A real one that attacked a child.
  I can't remember the Typhoon Lagoon gator's name.
  You got that, you got that shit.
  I thought you were lining up a joke and you're like, ah, and you like fade.
  You just kept scrolling through.
  I'm trying to find it.
  You're reading unrelated articles on CNN.
com.
  I'm just getting around to the, the Nunez.
  Pictures of desserts on his iPad.
  Uh, yeah, there, there are, there are gators for both parks, but, uh.
  There's a cartoon gate, there's like a silly gator.
  There's a cartoon gator, there's Park Stars gators for both parks.
  I have those gators.
  Um, I will say this, as a child, we were not allowed to go to Blizzard Beach and Typhoon  Lagoon because my mom felt that they were too intense.
  So we were a river country family.
  River country.
  We spent a lot of time in river country.
  Not a lot of dangerous slides, not a lot of excitement.
  Just Listeria, just the dangers of waterborne bacteria.
  I did not catch that, but that was lurking at every turn.
  There's a lot of video footage of me as it like an emaciated 12 year old, like trying  to climb across a rope.
  Like there's a rope in the water and then it was very hard, but like it looks like my  arms are going to pop out of the socket.
  Oh, you see, I, when you say river country, isn't, uh, dangerous or exciting or whatever  with stuff like that, it's like a little more rough and tumble.
  I feel like that's true in river country.
  The gator is real.
  There's just a real gator.
  Yeah.
  And he can also stand on his hind legs.
  Terrifyingly gator for sure is living there now because river country has been closed  for many years and except for like an annoying backpack guy who finds his way in.
  Oh yeah.
  Of course.
  Sneaks in.
  We are heading into actual ruins.
  I can't believe we're here.
  I can't believe we're here.
  Now I remember at one point they built, they were into doing like experience things and  they built a racetrack down there near Disney world.
  Is that still there?  Oh, we've never talked about that on the show.
  Was it a rich or petty?  Was it like, uh, it was like, it was on Disney's property.
  It was like Disney controlled.
  Yeah, the NASCAR experience.
  I think they, they teamed up with someone.
  I don't know if that's still there.
  Yeah.
  Was that true?  I think so.
  Look that up so we don't know.
  Yeah.
  We don't start claiming deaths.
  Anyway, Disney's.
  They wanted like all the whole wild, wide world of sports.
  They were doing a lot of that.
  Yeah.
  They had a lot of ambitious plans.
  We're name checking maybe some things for the first, I don't think we've talked about  Blizzard Beach or Typhoon Lagoon on the podcast yet.
  Certainly not the NASCAR track.
  Have not talked about the Disney Institute.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  And use this as a vernacular.
  You speak at a mail, all of these things.
  And probably a lot of hotels.
  How about that?  Any hotels?  Yeah.
  Sure.
  I don't know if you stayed at the hotels or if you.
  I've stayed at a bunch of the Disney World hotels.
  Highlights there?  Yeah.
  Let's see.
  Well, I'm a, I'm a yacht club and beach club.
  Agreed.
  I, I, I prefer the beach club to the yacht club because I like the soda shop.
  Beaches and cream.
  Yeah.
  But of course they're connected.
  So it's easy to get back and forth.
  You don't want to walk very far though.
  I like, I just, I prefer it.
  You know, if I'm going to pick between which one I'm hanging at.
  I've never thought of the difference between the two.
  I thought I think my knee jerk is I liked the yacht more than the beach club, but that's  cause I stayed there and not the other one.
  So I don't know.
  I got nothing.
  I ended up at, I don't know if I've talked about this on the podcast before, but the,  that was where I stayed my second trip and I was like nine or 10.
  And then I ended up there when I was 14, 15, we were staying at the boardwalk, but then  the boardwalk was closed due to a hostage situation.
  Oh no.
  A disgruntled employee barricaded another employee and their son.
  It was a real piano duel with a SWAT team that came in.
  It know this guy, like he, he was, he was like seeking custody of his son and was not  getting to see his kid.
  And it was a, uh, yeah, he barricaded himself for, uh, uh, maybe close to 24 hours and they  had to relocate everybody in the hotel.
  And Disney was very accommodating.
  I remember they asked if there was any, I think they gave us like clothes and amenities  for free because it was at the arcade next to beaches and cream.
  I left my wallet on top of the, uh, coin machine and someone took it.
  I was about 10 years old and the Disney employees found the wallet a few weeks later or a week  later or so in the trash and mailed it to me back.
  Whoa.
  Oh yeah.
  Was anything left?  Uh, the money was gone, but I mean, a, a 10 year old's wallet has like the money your  mother just gave you and nothing else.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Um, and like something that had my address on it, I guess, or they knew that I had lost  it or something.
  Chuck E cheese tokens.
  Perhaps, uh, that's a, that kind of great attention to a customer that you'll get at  the yacht and beach club.
  I guess so.
  Yeah.
  I mean, there's examples of exasperating circumstances that the Disney employees alleviated.
  No, but that's my favorite resort area because I like the proximity of the back Epcot entrance.
  Oh, that's great.
  If people don't know that, yeah.
  Unlike Disneyland or the magic kingdom, which just has the one entrance that takes you down  main street Epcot added another entrance, a little secret one that's kind of only for  the international gateway, the international gateway that takes you.
  It's what it's between the United Kingdom and France in the world show Paris area.
  And it's boy, it's beautifully done.
  Great landscaping.
  Those boats passing by, you know, nice at nights.
  Dim dim lighting.
  Uh, just to follow up on something earlier.
  Yes.
  The Richard Petty driving experience was closed at Disney, uh, pretty much largely because  someone died on the track.
  Uh, apparently the track, according to this Reuters article, uh, the track was, uh, uh,  meant to be cars.
  I think we're meant to be driven counterclockwise around the track and they were running them  clockwise around the track and like whoever was running it did the wrong.
  Yeah.
  That seems to be they hired a British guy later.
  I remember.
  Yeah.
  I remember hearing about, and then they closed it and I think they like just bulldozed and  use it for like overflow parking or transportation parking and stuff.
  Here's this.
  I, unless we want to talk about this horrible thing more.
  I have a side thought.
  We'll do a separate episode later.
  This is interesting.
  I, when we were at Blizzard beach in September and I have this same memory from years prior,  everyone at the water park is British.
  I'm not sure why.
  When I say everyone, I mean maybe 90%, 80% maybe I, but like without fail, you would  walk by someone and hear an English accent.
  And it was, there's a lot of English folks because they come, cause that's the proxy  one and they don't want to go to France cause we've heard it's bad.
  You were there in August, right?  Yeah.
  I think that's traditionally the month for British holiday.
  Like, oh, is that right?  Everything shuts down and you're up for a month.
  Jolly holidays.
  Probably.
  But especially the water park.
  I found that interesting.
  Maybe it's a rarity for a, for a British person.
  I don't know.
  If you know, if you're from England, please let us know.
  It's not great.
  Why do you go to water parks?  Why do you go to water parks?  And do you like them?  Do you love water parks?  And do you like-  And do you have a funny word for water park that's different than our word that you use?  Yeah.
  Make sure you ask them that.
  Who I was asking.
  And are you worried about-  You're asking them really.
  You're saying it.
  So you're asking.
  That's fair.
  Yeah.
  I guess I'm asking.
  Yeah.
  Well, but let's forge an international gateway here and head back to the, the wonderful land  of Africa.
  Yeah.
  We've gone in that back entrance and now we've gone through World Showcase and now we're  going back in time.
  Wait to-  To some attractions that don't exist anymore.
  Oh, you mean to 1982.
  Back in time to the future.
  To the future.
  To when the future began.
  October has a shirt that I like says, October 1st, 1982, because we're talking about, well,  two attractions, eventually Food Rocks, but the original Kitchen Cabaret, which was an  opening day Epcot attraction.
  It was part of the Land Pavilion, one of the future world attractions sponsored by Kraft  Foods.
  Van, we talked about a couple ideas for, for topics, especially in the Epcot arena and  the fact that you were willing to discuss, of all things, Kitchen Cabaret, Food Rocks.
  Kitchen Cabaret was one of my favorite rides as a kid.
  I call it a ride.
  That's right.
  I call it a ride.
  It's, it's, it's, it's, it's more of a show, but that's fine.
  I like, it was on the, it was like a must do.
  It was definitely on my Epcot must do list.
  Really?  I would, I loved it.
  Where it, where, um, where on the list of Epcot?  Um, you know, the idea of Epcot, is it in the top five?  Is it in the top 10?  I mean, I think it always happened, but, uh, I, I would say it's in the top five.
  Maelstrom is my Epcot number one.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Condolences.
  Thank you.
  I, and I'm, I'm, it's, I'm torn.
  I hear that.
  I haven't been on the new one.
  I hear it's great.
  It is very good.
  Uh, and it doesn't seem like they messed this one up.
  Like if they were gonna, it's maybe in the ballpark.
  It is cool.
  And yeah, yeah.
  The same, that same ride.
  The idea of a ride being there in that part of Epcot is most of the, what appeals to me  about it to begin with.
  So the changing of the theming is actually surprisingly not something that I think bothers  me that much.
  I have a real thing about, uh, like, yeah, the, the, the rides are not big, big showy  buildings in Epcot, uh, including what we're talking about, Kitchen Cabaret.
  It's kind of like down an escalator and in a little corner.
  The idea that in Epcot, you don't know what's around what turn and that there's weird little  hidden rides you might miss entirely.
  That Mexico boat ride is really deep in the back there.
  I was not a fan of the land pavilion in general.
  Uh huh.
  Cause we talked about that being the, the, the topic and then I, I've had you kind of  do, we, we, uh, we went back and forth.
  We discussed that the land is probably its own thing outside of Kitchen Cabaret and Food  Rocks and God help the poor guest that has to talk about the boat ride and the, uh, the  lobby.
  What, what's left?  There's a food court.
  Now it's Soren.
  Now Soren is in the land as well, which that's a separate thing.
  We went on the boat ride, which is now called Living with the Land.
  Yeah.
  Living with the Land.
  And it's now an automated narrator.
  It used to be a guy or a girl on there giving you a spiel, giving you a little tour.
  Uh, which I like as a kid.
  Somebody name check for, if you don't know this ride, name check some things about this  ride about living with the land.
  Well, uh, oh well, let's see.
  You get to see some, uh, hydroponics, hydroponics.
  You get to see some pictures.
  You get to see some pictures of wheat and grain and grain being harvested and you get  to see, uh, what it looks like.
  You get to see the facade of a farmhouse.
  Yeah.
  What you also got to see in the classic Hershey chocolate world, uh, tour of the facade of  a farmhouse.
  Maybe I just liked rides where you saw the facade of a farmhouse.
  I believe that.
  Yeah.
  I felt to me like it was inexplicably a boat ride.
  Yeah.
  Like, yeah.
  What is the water element getting you?  Yeah.
  Why are we in that?  It also, it's all you're on a boat.
  Like, well, what, like pirates of the Caribbean, it's about pirates and pirate ships.
  Right.
  So you're on a port town and it kind of makes down a logic to, but in the land pavilion  you're on the water.
  Yeah.
  That's not land.
  Yeah.
  I'm not, I'm not really, I'm sure there's some nerd imagineer who really like bent over  backwards to justify why water, you know, water makes the land what it is or something.
  We take from the water and fertilize the land you see.
  And then also you soar over the land and that's why Soarin is in the land.
  None of it makes any sense.
  Yeah.
  And then there's kind of a mission.
  It doesn't make any sense what we're talking about today to be in the land.
  It doesn't make sense.
  You're right.
  Yeah.
  It doesn't make any fucking sense.
  They're food.
  Food comes from the land.
  Yeah, but it's not.
  But then like, you know, a lot of the food you see in these shows are like processed,  which I guess it still comes from the land, but it's not all like, you know, farm grown.
  If it was like in a farm.
  As much as I love it is a victim of the craft food sponsorship.
  More than, more than, than I think in the, the, between the universe of energy sponsorship  and the land, I actually think that this is the worst food did a worse, like as far as  like the information again, I love kitchen cover, but the nutritional information contained  in the ride and in food rocks is very much a craft foods propaganda.
  Well, look, I think processed has a lot of negative connotations attached to it.
  I think I would say dairy representation.
  I would say handmade with love by our good friends at craft and later Nestle Nestle took  over sponsorship.
  Yeah, Jason took notes during this ride and basically based his whole childhood diet.
  I was a big cheese boy, big bread boy.
  They missed the hot dog group though.
  A big part of the food pyramid left out.
  Jason, I think you said a couple of years ago that it was like 2009 when you realized  cheese wasn't good for you.
  Cheese and bread.
  Yeah.
  I think like, I agree.
  Like I didn't know that.
  The food pyramid that bread is the base of?  The food pyramid.
  I looked into that.
  That's the one that, yeah.
  My notes.
  That's why Nestle plays a big part in this.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  But those are themselves like from lobbying and those are propaganda for, but anyway.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I do have the food pyramid with me in case that serves any function, but this ride, so  the entire pavilion is sponsored by craft and this is a show where food comes to life  and sings to you and sort of presents what a balanced meal might be in some regard.
  Yeah.
  The four basic foods.
  The four food groups.
  Which was the way they thought about nutrition at the time.
  In 1982.
  And this was not the case by the time 1992 rolled around, but yeah, this is originally  a show where the four basic food groups come to life and are sort of brought to life by  a host who's down on her luck and can't decide what to make for herself.
  We don't know who it's for.
  No families mentioned.
  No.
  It's very light on even a hint of a story or a backstory.
  Like on Carousel of Progress, they flesh out the family.
  This they, who knows?  So this character, sorry, you were probably going to say Bonnie Appetite.
  Bonnie Appetite is the name of this character.
  What is Bonnie Appetite?  Is she a human?  Is she a doll?  Is she a puppet?  She does look like-  She's not as big as a human.
  She's probably three feet tall.
  Yeah.
  That's an interesting question.
  She looks like one of the Thunderbirds.
  She's a puppet.
  I would say she is a puppet.
  If you asked her, she would say, I am a puppet.
  I'm a puppet woman.
  She looks related to the Spectre Man, the doll face people.
  I would say that's not her kitchen.
  You don't think so?  But you are in a kitchen.
  Well, this is a cabaret show also.
  So are we talking about her in the show or her real life?  Well, that's a great question.
  So I mean, I think-  Because Bonnie Appetite is probably a stage name like Marilyn Monroe.
  There's a real woman.
  Like, I guess if we really broke it down, Carousel of Progress, I feel, is actually  you're seeing this man in his real life and in the different stages of progress.
  This is a show.
  This is a show and you do the lobby of the show was like a fake city.
  Yeah.
  I, in my mind, and again, I'm just bringing a lot of this to it.
  That's fair.
  Kitchen cabaret is like a Toy Story-esque world where people might eat in this kitchen,  that food like comes to life and puts on this show.
  Sure.
  My theory is sort of that it's kind of a, well, let's be honest, the cabaret show is  a little bit sexy.
  Oh, it is.
  I agree.
  And this show, for whatever reason, is like has a little bit sexy.
  Like they're trying to do that.
  So it seems almost like-  There are a few sexy characters.
  Yes.
  Based on some of the most classic sex pots of all time.
  You're Mae West's.
  I don't remember.
  The one's kind of like a French sex kitten.
  Earth's kitten.
  Oh, there you go.
  Earth's the kitten.
  So yeah.
  So I mean, this seems like a show you would see at a burlesque house, but instead of women,  it's talking cheese or some ice cream.
  And you've got a vaudeville comedy act in there to break up the sexy acts.
  That's right.
  And all the, I mean, this is a little outdated because all the women characters, very sexualized,  none of the men are.
  So that's probably why.
  Oh yeah.
  Nothing sexy but ham or eggs.
  Yeah.
  They're also doing performances of music styles that were anachronistic in 1982.
  Yeah.
  And this is why I did not like this attraction even as a child.
  Too much theming.
  Too many layers.
  Too many levels.
  No, no, no.
  The music actually.
  Oh, you just didn't like it.
  I will play into what probably what they were thinking when they replaced this show.
  They probably thought kids don't know what this kind of music is, but in my case, I would  have said that on the survey.
  They're right.
  I don't relate to, I don't like, I don't like boogie woogie.
  I don't like killer boogie boogie bugle boy parody.
  So if you were six in the late eighties, which I guess they've brought that song back in  many different commercials.
  And I think there's been revivals of that song, a different version.
  The Andrews Sisters exist entirely as parodies now.
  It's one of those things where nobody knows the original.
  It's just a reference point.
  But Christina Aguilera sampled it on some song.
  Oh yeah.
  Candy man.
  Yes, there you go.
  Thank you.
  So do we also, just before we get too far, have we conveyed that this is, this is a robot  show.
  This is an animatronic show.
  Yes.
  It's not unlike Country Bears.
  Yeah, not unlike Country Bears.
  It's like a really, really expensive version of a showbiz pizza show.
  I, I.
  Many more characters.
  I don't know that it's that expensive.
  Well, just, I was watching it today.
  More elaborate.
  Yeah, the robots make less clanking noise as they jerk about.
  It looks cheap.
  It looks very cheap in a lot of ways.
  Well, now hold on.
  Sorry, I don't want to offend you, but that's.
  I don't, I think it might not hold up well on video, but I think in person.
  Okay, possibly.
  I think it may be looked a little better because I think puppetry often looks much better in  person than on a video.
  I think that's fair.
  There's less layer of removal.
  People's recollections of both these shows.
  The consensus seems to be that Food Rocks looked a lot cheaper.
  Yes.
  Than Kitchen Cabaret.
  Now, I always liked the music more in Food Rocks.
  Food Rocks is a, it's, it's, you know, it's one of a long line of Disney kind of re, redo's  that are where they kind of just kind of half a little bit of a phoned in redo.
  So we'll, we'll say quickly, just Food Rocks basically is a bit of a re-imagining using  like, I guess they're not all, they're not modern songs, but they're pop songs and rock  songs and more recent than like Plasmer, like the kind of sort of weird genres that they're  using in Kitchen Cabaret.
  And sort of the framing device is a benefit concert, but not for any charity for just  eating properly.
  Eating in moderation.
  But they put rock music into this show and it basically was, even if you, if you like  Food Rocks more content wise, it clearly is on the shoulders of Kitchen Cabaret.
  The whole section is in the same place.
  Kitchen Cabaret within Food Rocks.
  Like there were certain parts of the show, similar to how when they redid the Tiki Room,  they would play like a section of the Tiki Room.
  As exactly as it used to be.
  There were, there's some stuff in Food Rocks that are like reminiscent of.
  Some of the same rigging, the bands are in the same spots on the stage.
  This one comes down from the top.
  There's a fridge in the same spot still.
  The dairy animatronics are the main ones that came back.
  The milk came back.
  Yes, the milk.
  How do we, how do we tackle this?  I think we got to go back to food.
  Milk was my favorite.
  Yeah, let's go back to Kitchen Cabaret.
  And we'll go through the show a little bit.
  Okay.
  So when you eat an Appetit, you meet a forlorn woman who is bemoaning another meal to cook.
  And what am I going to do?  What a hell this modern world is trying to figure out the foods we have to prepare in  1982.
  But her solution becomes what?  Like just getting some food around?  Like I don't think, the song she sings, the blues, does anybody have it in front of them?  I have it all, yeah.
  I have the whole show in front of me.
  What does the song teach her to where she's no longer feeling down on her luck about having  to make a meal?  I mean, here, I'll just quickly breeze through this.
  And then she says, it's time for another meal.
  Yes, there are days when I feel downcast and get the Mealtime Blues.
  And if I don't get a proper meal, my menu will be bad news, which I don't know if that's  like she's preparing it for a person or not.
  She said, oh, the Mealtime Blues can get you every time you dine.
  But when we, but we all can beat that rap and end up feeling fine.
  So on those days when we feel downcast, I'll give you all some clues to work magic in our  kitchen.
  Mmm, yeah.
  And chase away the Mealtime Blues.
  Now the timing's right.
  The show is prepared.
  Let me serve it on up to you.
  And then she says, okay, crackpots, let's get cooking.
  Oh yeah.
  So she doesn't learn anything.
  Yeah.
  She just kind of shuts up and does.
  She remembers that all the food and utensils talk and I'll just have them prepare this  meal, I guess.
  Or not, or they just sing and then no meal is made.
  I mean to map on her first song to the movie, the musical cabaret, that sort of, the Mealtime  Blues is kind of like Velkomen that the MC sings.
  And then the action unfolds, then the show starts.
  Are they similar in general?  Do these plots continue to map?  I wouldn't pretend to know cabaret.
  No, there's zero Nazis in kitchen cabaret.
  I think, but oddly there are in Food Rocks.
  Yes there are.
  The excess.
  Excess the three mean.
  They're worse than the Nazis, guys.
  I associated them more with like a kiss kind of like hard rock band.
  What I'm saying is that they're villains in history.
  We'll not judge them kindly.
  Oh okay, you think Heavy Excess is evil.
  The rotting food that tries to mess up Food Rapper's show.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We'll get to, I'll save my malice for the excess for later.
  Okay, so this, the single stage that she's on opens up and a whole, a whole world of  singing food in a kitchen comes out.
  The, the band is called the crackups.
  What are they?  The crackpots.
  The kitchen crackpots.
  The kitchen crackpots.
  Who plays in the kitchen crackpots?  I know there's like a.
  Yes.
  So there's.
  There's a mayonnaise drummer.
  Yeah, there's mayonnaise is playing the drums.
  I can't make out who the, who's playing like banjo.
  There's a Parmesan cheese.
  There's a bottle of mustard.
  There's a bottle of ketchup playing a whisk.
  So what I think is interesting is that there's a lot of like real instruments and then ketchup  is just playing a whisk and he's got like a face on like he knows like he's like this  is not a real instrument.
  What's a whisk?  You mean like what you cook up?  Yeah like beating eggs.
  Like you would.
  Beating eggs.
  Oh okay.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But the whisk is not animatron, the whisk is not anamorphic.
  The whisk is not alive.
  Anthropomorphic is what you're saying.
  Anthropomorphic.
  No, no, no.
  The instruments aren't alive, are they?  No.
  No.
  No, no.
  The whisk is different than the instruments.
  I'm saying.
  I'm trying to figure out the, yeah, because it's a kitchen item.
  Would the whisk be alive?  I think the whisk is a dead anthropomorphic whisk that he's taken and he's playing a  corpse.
  Are there kitchen tools?  Am I forgetting?  Like knives aren't alive in the kitchen cabinet.
  No, no.
  But bottles are.
  Yeah, bottles are.
  Well, I think by virtue of them being food and having.
  I have a whole, okay, yeah, this is my question in general.
  I think I'm not just in a kitchen cabaret, but in many things I'm weirded out by food  that's alive and food that's encouraging you to eat it.
  Yeah.
  I find it just odd in general.
  And why is that?  As opposed to the toys and Toy Story come to life and they want to be played with the  goal.
  Food convincing a human to eat you.
  Kill me.
  Yeah, yeah.
  End this.
  Send me to hell.
  All food is suicidal.
  But I also have some anatomical questions.
  For example, one of the first numbers in the show is led by a milk carton and who sings  next to a big piece of cheese.
  And if, okay, an alive milk carton, I guess their skin is the carton.
  And the flap, obviously that you tear is the mouth and I guess the milk is its blood.
  But if you're in a live cheese with no outer wrapping, you just are the cheese.
  Then how does that work?  There's no skin.
  You just don't have skin.
  You're one bin.
  What's your blood?  I feel like there's inconsistency.
  It's different for each care.
  I mean, I think I feel like I know exactly the answer to this.
  It's different for each of them because they're all different species.
  So the milk, obviously the skin is the carton and inside the blood is the milk itself.
  So we're drinking the milk's blood.
  And by the way, the character's name is Mr.
 Dairy Goods.
  So we're drinking Mr.
 Dairy Goods' blood when we're drinking his milk.
  Miss Cheese you're talking about, which that's that character's name.
  They have a name, you know.
  Her skin is the cheese.
  And then her insides are also cheese.
  Also cheese, yes.
  But then this brings up a larger question.
  Is Bonnie closer to us humans or is Bonnie closer to the food animatron?  I think she is like a, I think she's a doll.
  I think she reminds me of the.
  She certainly is.
  No one's arguing that.
  If you remember the parade Spectro Magic, the Night Shyam Show, there were the doll  faced Spectro Men that frightened me as a child.
  They would ride on giant glowing light up balls.
  Some character's name the doll faced Spectro Men.
  I call them doll faced.
  They were just called the Spectro Men.
  But yeah, I did not like.
  They kind of look like they have the strangers mask or the purge masks that look like human  faces but are clear.
  Bonnie reminds me of that.
  Bonnie has a doll like face that I still find unnerving.
  And she has big eyes.
  Let's not forget that.
  Like the film Big Eyes.
  One of the issues with these characters is that they are not a consistent scale inside  of this kitchen.
  That's true too.
  They aren't the size that their food is necessarily.
  Relative to each other, yeah.
  I guess that makes sense if you think of her conundrum of preparing food as a nightmare.
  The dream states we all go into.
  Things are odd sizes and odd shapes and sing at us.
  As she's singing the blues, having to prepare a meal, instead of preparing a meal, she goes  into this waking nightmare and that's what we're watching in Kitchen Cat, right?  So in this scene, this is the second scene in the show and that we were talking about  Miss Cheese is in that, Mr.
 Dairy Goods, Miss Yogurt, Miss Ice Cream.
  Now Miss Yogurt, her head is like a puff of yogurt.
  Yes, that's correct.
  And the rest of her body, I can't think of it off the issue.
  And this is another, if a jug of milk was alive, then the jug is there.
  But Cheese is milk also.
  Cheese is hardened milk.
  Well I guess I understand your guys' internal logic.
  But what if it's a cheese that comes in a wrapper, like a brie?  The wrapper is the skin.
  And if you take the wrapper off, then you're taking the skin off of the.
.
.
  You're ripping the skin off of a person, of an animal.
  A cheese animal.
  But then you aren't killing it, you aren't eating it.
  Right, there's more different than us.
  So the brie outside of the paper wouldn't regenerate new eyes or anything.
  No, it's eyeless from now.
  Michael, do you have any index cards, red yarn and thumbtacks, and we can figure this  out?  Yeah, yeah, sure.
  No, we'll put the podcast on hold and we'll really hunker down on this.
  That conspiracy wall on our Twitter.
  Here's what I want to talk about.
  How horny these women are.
  Miss Cheese, Miss.
.
.
  They are.
.
.
  Here, let me read some of the lines.
  So Miss Cheese says, your taste buds all appease.
  I know how to please.
  It's known that I'm too good for words.
  Wait, are we onto Dairy Goods and his Stars of the Milky Way?  Yes.
  Okay.
  What are you talking about?  Yeah, we fucking are, Jason.
  We've been talking about this for 10 minutes.
  Well, we spent a lot of time about the Kitchen Crackpots.
  We were talking about cheese and yogurt.
  Okay, you're right.
  The Kitchen Crackpots are great musicians.
  They play beats and tuna cans very handily.
  Now we've moved on to Mr.
 Dairy.
  I was distracted thinking about this horrifying Spectro Man.
  How many times in the therapist's office have you been to a  phrase, doll face Spectro Man?  Jason will be silent for half hour stretches of the rest of the podcast and then just suddenly  start screaming and writhing.
  Doll face Spectro Man.
  So Miss Yogurt, here's what she's.
.
.
  Your palate is assured I'm really quite cultured.
  Make a sourd scene okay each and every day.
  So she's a little less thirsty.
  But Miss Ice Cream, I'm cool through and through and I've got a double scoop for you to be  with me, baby.
  It's such a tasty treat.
  Like this is crazy.
  That's the way to my heart.
  This is not terribly scandalized by these lyrics.
  I was expecting a lot worse as you went.
  Van, please help me out here.
  This is crazy.
  Ice Cream is a tasty treat.
  It is.
  And then it was just like Ice Cream, hey everybody take a big bite of me.
  That's what you wanted, a wholesome theme park.
  But you think tasty it's too.
.
.
  I think it was a different time.
  She's got the come hither look on her ice cream face.
  I think that it would have been perhaps inappropriate for something set contemporaneously and made  in 1982 and worthy of criticism.
  But I think in 1982, I think it was still very, very okay to reference things that were  maybe sexist from the past when referencing the past and then recreate them in the present.
  That's like too many layers of problematic.
  I'm just saying this is maybe PG13 material for a young person.
  I think it's so wrapped in innuendo and like, yeah, little nods to like.
.
.
  Just like the kid in Carousel of Progress who's like watching the Hoochie Coochie.
  And we know if it's in Carousel in Progress, it's the progress, it's perfect.
  Yeah, there's no other global standard to it.
  They're very concerned with progress.
  I guess they're all about.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I guess you also, we've said this a couple of times, this is something for dad,  I guess as well.
  Yeah.
  I think this is an air conditioned room.
  Yes.
  And that's also.
.
.
  In fact.
  Epcot was full of, and it still is full of air conditioned rooms.
  I want to point out that the room itself, if you think about the size of it, it's about  the size and shape of a porno theater.
  You know, it doesn't quite have enough seats for a full movie theater seating.
  Couldn't do the full screening of Black Panther there.
  Couldn't fit in the giant Blockbuster audience.
  And shows that repeat all day on a loop.
  You go down to Santa Monica, so there's one or two, Santa Monica Boulevard, there's one  or two that are still hanging on.
  You're going to see about the size of this room.
  Yeah.
  It's like a 50 seats, right?  Yeah.
  50 seat theater here?  Something like that.
  Yeah.
  So this is also because it's a theater show, there's not a height restriction to go on  it.
  Right.
  So this is a ride that attracts a younger crowd for that reason.
  Yes.
  But people of all ages, I guess, can enjoy it on different levels.
  I guess that is what great entertainment is.
  You know, if you really break it down.
  Thank you.
  Do we know?  Do we know?  I don't know.
  I know the research on this podcast is its strong suit.
  Oh, yeah.
  Do we know, like, was the show itself, like, was craft involved at all in the making of  the show?  I know sometimes with the pavilions, they're more directly involved.
  I knew that the the land pavilion initially was insanely elaborate.
  It was going to be like glass spires, like essentially a functioning bio like in the  early blue sky stages.
  And I think pretty quickly they realized, like, oh, this would be the most expensive  thing.
  Oh, you know what?  I think also might have come out of that.
  I think I saw that same source as you.
  And there was another sponsor that was not craft, which is why they wanted to do this  big biosphere kind of vibe.
  But then when craft ended up being the sponsor, they didn't care about any of that because  they are a food company and they wanted to do the food centric attractions and shows,  which is probably where you get Kitchen Cabaret to begin with.
  Yeah.
  But in terms of them calling out specific items, I don't know.
  There's one thing I know, which is that though Nestle becoming the sponsor in 1982, spurred  the change into Food Rocks, there was a brief interim period where it was Nestle, but Kitchen  Cabaret was still running and there was only one change, which is that the mayonnaise jar  playing the drums was repainted to become a tomato sauce jar playing the drums.
  OK.
  So Nestle did dictate that.
  So hey, send us your photos.
  If you were there in the rare, that's like some like Superman misprint or something.
  That's backwards Penny kind of a situation.
  You saw tomato sauce jar wailing away on those cans.
  I would be curious to read like an Epcot book because it's such an odd confluence of like  Disney Imagineers corporate interests and then like, well, Futurist, Buckminster Fuller  and Ray Bradbury.
  Kitchen Cabaret specifically.
  There are a couple of Epcot things that remind me of this, but it feels like it kind of comes  from the tradition of industrials, you know, about these.
  Yeah.
  Oh, like the industrial musicals.
  That were put on by major corporations in like the 40s, 50s, 60s up really through the  80s.
  Not really.
  But you had full Broadway casts and songwriters.
  There's a bulls out.
  This was like the this was branded content for like 1940.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  What it was, was it would be four year like you would be Ford and you would have all these  car dealerships that sold your Ford cars and you'd have a convention every year and all  of you would ever all the car dealerships would come and that's where they'd learn about  the cars they were selling for that year.
  And at that convention, a show would be performed and these were called industrials and these  were custom made musicals like about Ford, like for a Ford crowd of people who like did  business with Ford.
  And these were kind of big across industries at that time.
  Like produced, really like talented people writing and performing.
  People who would be in the like full cast, not maybe the star of a Broadway musical,  but somebody who would be like in the cast of a Broadway musical, but not the star.
  Those are kind of people who would be taking these industrial jobs doing these performances.
  Anyway, weird.
  And they weren't very well, I have a book about that.
  It's called everything's coming up profits.
  Yeah.
  That's a great book.
  The guy who wrote that was a Letterman writer.
  Yeah.
  Whoa.
  And it's such an odd, like he spent years researching this stuff because it wasn't preserved.
  Like he would just have, the people would happen to find like the scripts and file cabinets  or an LP with the music.
  But anyway, kitchen cabaret reminds me of those.
  A lot of those were parody type things where it would sort of be like a.
  And maybe sort of like a little like inside nods to the companies that they were playing  to and huh, huh.
  So it was a way.
  And with Epcot being a world's fair and corporate sponsorship is kind of inherent in that it's  a way to have a show like that happening all day, every day.
  Because robots do it and not struggling Broadway stars.
  Weird.
  Interesting.
  Yeah.
  And it seems like, because like it's ice cream, it's yogurt.
  Obviously it's very like specific stuff.
  They probably had some.
  There doesn't seem to be as much like backstory, at least from the lazy research I tried to  do earlier this afternoon.
  Who wrote this is what I want to know.
  Who wrote this music?  I haven't seen a lot of names of voices or anything.
  I can't find a lot of the voices.
  Who voiced ham and eggs?  They're great.
  That's a killer comedy duo.
  Ham and eggs are pretty fun.
  Yeah.
  And you know, that's, that is something that, you know, there's a lot of recurring voices  that you recognize.
  You know, the Buffalo head is in country bears is somebody a voice that you've heard in pirates  or whatever it is.
  And none of these voices are a voice you've heard anywhere else in another Disney attraction.
  There's no, and I also don't think that the, the animatronics in either show looks particularly  Disney S.
 No, I agree with you.
  I think that might be a thing that holds me back from both of these attractions.
  They don't feel super Disney to me.
  These feel, um, you know, that was always, it's a small world.
  You could always kind of feel that about it.
  Right.
  It did.
  It's a little different.
  It's not the house style of animatronics.
  It's not in the house style of Disney animatronics.
  Right.
  Like you would see, like you were like, they would have done this, this would look differently  if it had started its life as a Disney attraction.
  Like the, the, just the kind of the way it's done isn't quite the way they do things.
  In food rocks, some of the people doing the parody songs are the people who did the songs.
  Oh, absolutely.
  Tony Loak, Neil Zdaka, the Pointer Sisters.
  Oh, well, yeah, we'll give them their due.
  The show, I said this before, the show feels cheap.
  The show feels like a show.
  I, there, and this, maybe this is a, this is something that's, this is a side note,  but it's haunted me for years now.
  Uh, there was a Little Caesars that was right where I grew up and it was a giant Chuck E.
  Cheese style play place.
  I don't know if you guys ever had these.
  Hold on.
  I've only ever known Little Caesars to be a run in counter and you get it and you leave.
  No, no, no, no, no.
  There was a place, it was called Little Caesars and eventually it was called Caesar land when  they like revamped it and made it all tubes and ball pits.
  It was a big place.
  I loved it.
  They had rides, they had arcades, they had a place to play in and they had these little  like animatronic like you would, you would hit a button and garlic bread would just laugh  at you.
  And then there would be like a Little Caesar and you hit a button and he'd go, hi, I'm  Little Caesar and I'm glad you could be here today.
  And that's it.
  And that was a giant thing.
  This is a shocking revelation.
  Yeah.
  I am trying to find documentation.
  This exists that many people have backed me up.
  I'm not crazy, but there's no documentation of it.
  It is gone.
  It's now some sort of fruit market.
  What's the location here?  It's in Schaumburg.
  I'll give you my home address if you want, but it was a Schaumburg, Illinois.
  And it's, I cannot find any pictures of it.
  I'm just wanting to remember to see if my memory of it is exactly as it was.
  But that's all I'm, my point is kitchen cabaret feels like stuff I saw at this place, which  was, I loved it, but obviously much cheaper when you compare it to some sort of Disney  ride.
  Not the same quality.
  So I want to almost start a mutiny to make the rest of the episode about Caesar land  and stop talking about kitchen cabaret.
  I have life in me all of a sudden.
  Everyone came alive when I explained there was a little Caesar's that I grew up that  was like a Chuck E.
 Cheese and everyone was like, Holy shit.
  We all sat up.
  And then when you did the voice, we all stood up and now we're all marching around the room  with vigor.
  Well, although I guess it's not a, it's hard to do an episode about something that I just  found out about and that there are no photos of or information about.
  And may not exist.
  And may never have occurred.
  It existed.
  I have pictures from there, but yeah.
  You go back into your memory inception style and you find out it was actually the Dolphi  spectrum and they planted a memory.
  They would be that devious.
  It was on.
  It sounds just like them.
  If you live in my hometown or near there, it was on Roselle road.
  You know the road.
  Oh, okay.
  And then I looked, well, I looked up where this other, this place called zippies used  to be, which is sold beef.
  Let's get into that too.
  Right.
  Zippies.
  Yes.
  But zippies existed.
  You know what else was in Schomburg?  I just found out this week.
  Did you ever go to Mickey's kitchen?  Yes, I did.
  You did go to Mickey's Mickey's kitchen was they decided on the Disney store.
  They decided to open up a restaurant next to the Disney store.
  Oh, and we ate there once.
  Not good.
  It was fine.
  I think it sounded they were trying to do and keeping with our theme and Tavi, they  were trying to do healthier fast food and I think people didn't really like it.
  This is I don't want to derail the podcast, but I do think I have an original newspaper  article about Mickey's kitchen upstairs right now in my apartment.
  I'm sure.
  Why don't you go find it and we'll all go with you and leave the microphones recording  and not edit that part out.
  All right.
  Great.
  Cool.
  I hope you enjoy here in our footsteps.
  Yeah.
  Mickey's kitchen one in Montclair in California and one in Schomburg, Illinois.
  The second one.
  And then they never did any others.
  So you were very lucky in terms of your food entertainment in your childhood.
  Kind of exciting revelation.
  Yeah.
  Sorry to derail the podcast with all this different talk here.
  Let's get back then to the pure raw terror.
  I'd like you guys to look at this lineup and you know them because you've been looking  into this too, but just please stare if you will.
  Oh yeah.
  Sure.
  With wrenny rice, Mersey oats and Connie corn.
  Rice oats and corn.
  I find them very hideous.
  There's been a lot of doll faces and a lot of alive food, but these three to me are the  worst combo of doll face and alive food, particularly wrenny rice, who I think is a, I guess is a  bag of rice, but then as kind of like a, she looks like furry, but then with a doll face  carved out, she looks almost like a, like a, like a doll, a dog toy.
  That's a less, she's some kind of like dog hybrid.
  I'm, I'm, I'm not going to sleep well cause of wrenny rice.
  And we, when, when Evan Susser was on and we were talking Hershey park, he was like  talking about how he thought that the walk around, you know, Reese's pieces or the Reese's  cups were scary or he didn't like them.
  And I said, no, I love these characters.
  I didn't know they existed until like a couple of years ago, but I love them.
  I feel very strongly about that.
  But I don't have that affection for these characters for whatever reason.
  I had some that I liked as a kid.
  You did.
  Yeah.
  And you know what?  I'm not going to sell it short.
  I still like them.
  Who were your guys?  So milk.
  You liked milk?  Well, milk came back.
  Milk's in food rocks.
  Well, sure.
  But we had a, I had a milk cookie jar that I got from, there's a gift shop in the land.
  Great.
  Called, anybody know it?  Broccoli and Company.
  Broccoli and Company.
  That's right.
  That's where you could buy all the kitchen cabaret memorabilia you wanted.
  You could also bid on the film rights for the James Bond series.
  That's one for the insiders.
  Wow.
  I love that.
  When you say milk, you mean Mr.
 Dairy Goods.
  Yes.
  Mr.
 Dairy Goods.
  Just over on the same page.
  Ham and eggs.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Let's talk about ham and eggs.
  Ham and eggs break up all this sexiness with a comedy routine.
  Ham's more of a straight man and egg is a funny man.
  Very common in cabaret settings.
  They're kind of a vaudeville duo type.
  Who kind of, maybe the jokes are a little knowingly lame in the Fozzie Bear mode.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But they crack each other up.
  Although egg has a hard time getting in with ham.
  Crack each other up.
  Oh, hey, look.
  Now you got me doing it.
  They also make sure to let you know that cheese is a good source of protein.
  Yeah.
  The facts are laid on thick in both of these attractions.
  They just suddenly, hard right turn.
  Now we say, because ham is not happy with how the act went and as the animatronics are  descending from whence they came, he wants to pair up with another protein.
  So he's like, yeah, there's a ton of great proteins I could do a bit with.
  You know, the nuts, for example, good source of protein.
  It really dries up from the stage and lower in a kind of a very ominous sort of way.
  Yeah.
  And you can see right here, the pan emits more smoke to hide ham and eggs as they are  lower down into the stove.
  So, I mean, that is saying they're about to die.
  Yeah.
  They do come back for the grand finale and then die.
  I remember distinctly thinking when I saw the movie The Lion King for the first time,  this was when it came out, that Timon and Pumbaa, I said, these guys are just ham and  eggs.
  Really?  These guys are a knock off of ham and eggs.
  They're stealing ham and eggs this whole thing.
  Pumbaa is a pig.
  Me looks a bit like similar color scheme.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Similar voices.
  Yeah.
  I think you're onto something.
  So, and for sure, they're all just not a parody of a hundred other.
  That's what's actually happened.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, Mike and I briefly toured under the name Ham and Eggs and we also broke up live  on stage doing our vaudeville acts.
  Lowered into an oven.
  Yeah.
  We were lowered into a giant steaming oven.
  It was bad.
  Well, yeah, but so you like them.
  Did you like the fruits and vegetables that make up the Collender combo and Fiesta Fruit?  I liked the tune.
  Veggie, veggie, fruit, fruit.
  That's my favorite song.
  Yes.
  That's the best song for sure in Kitchen Cabaret.
  That's the best song for sure in Kitchen Cabaret.
  For sure, veggie, veggie, fruit, food.
  Yeah.
  You're right, but I was not immediately, I don't know, this is not on the Tiki Tiki Room  short list of Disney classics.
  In the show, that's the best one.
  I'm not saying this has.
  And I think they're the most endearing characters.
  And there were stuffed versions of them available in that gift shop.
  Did you have them?  No, I didn't, but I remember.
  Okay.
  I just remember seeing them.
  And those characters endured well after the character.
  The little merch in the, in Bronkely and Company, I think went a long way for me to selling  the ride in the world of it.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  You could get individual merch for individual kinds of food in the show.
  You as a kid are probably thinking, well, they wouldn't have merch for it if it wasn't  important.
  And if it wasn't a world other kids care about.
  Exactly.
  Yeah.
  And you, when you were on.
  I was just, I was always, where's the, when's the cartoon going to come out?  And it never.
  Yeah.
  You assume they'd become part of your life when you left Epcot and they never, they never  followed you out.
  There is a picture of, I've seen this a few times.
  I've seen the item itself pop up on eBay of like a tea towel you could buy with all the  vegetables and fruits on it.
  And then those characters have endured beyond this show.
  They were the mascots for the food, the Epcot festival, one of the Epcot food festivals for  a little while.
  Define endured.
  I feel like they come back on retro merchandise on like pins or shirts sometimes.
  That's something.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I believe there are, what are those Disney, the dolls that they do, the little vinyl  toys of.
  Vinylmations.
  Yes.
  I believe there are vinylmations of them.
  Yes.
  I just did a quick eBay search to see what we have here.
  And yes, there are some vinylmations.
  There's also a Disney's Epcot kitchen cabaret full set of five plush.
  Hey, there's those plushes.
  From 1982.
  Ooh, full set.
  What's that going for?  See, those are fun.
  $295.
  $295.
  That seems fair.
  Who's in that lineup?  Can you name check them?  Okay.
  We have Mr.
 Tomato, banana.
  These are all from Fruit and Veggie.
  They're all from the Colander combo.
  They're all from the Colander combo.
  Oh, you have, you know who I think is my favorite character in all this is the broccoli with  the sunglasses.
  Oh, that's a good one.
  He's fun.
  Yes.
  Again, like the Hershey Park characters, no traits.
  He exists.
  He has sunglasses.
  But that's all you need.
  He's like a session musician.
  You know, he shows up, clocks in, does his job, goes home.
  I think that's why I like him.
  He's the Hal Blaine of fruits and vegetables.
  Yeah.
  So, so yeah, there's a plenty of this merch here.
  I, I, yeah, I don't, I don't know if we missed the land when I was a kid because so much  of this is not familiar.
  So much of Epcot is burned in my brain is from being a kid.
  Did you see your parents looking at a map, seeing what was in it and going, what if we  just don't tell Mike about this one?  Because if we were going to have to like buy him all this shit and sit through these shows.
  Well, my family liked it because it was air conditioned and I feel like we would usually  eat at the food court and it was, I think just everyone could agree on it.
  I remember the land and the wonders of life pavilions, you know, big enclosed, multiple  attractions and I think we would all go like, all right, we're going to be in here for a  little while.
  Yeah.
  I think it's why I love malls more than I should.
  I think like it gave me my, my love of atriums and not frequently updated carpets, both of  these pavilions.
  Okay.
  So, all right.
  We love the fruit and veggie song, right?  We should agree.
  I think everyone's agreed.
  We all agree.
  Veggie, veggie, fruit, fruit.
  And then there's just kind of like a medley finale.
  There sure is.
  And she doesn't even eat a meal though, right?  She's just kind of like, well, thanks for coming.
  Yeah, we don't watch the robot eat a bunch of food at the end.
  That's true.
  And they sing, like the last thing they sing is the proper foods each time you dine can  keep you fit and feeling fine.
  Eating right's a healthy sign and feeling good makes each day shine and shine.
  But they really didn't give you like a real strong like diet.
  It wasn't a real.
  I will say in the show itself, it's not, the lyrics are not really sold.
  Like they're important.
  Uh huh.
  Like the, it's kind of more memorable.
  There's almost no memorable vibe of the music they're say doing at any given point.
  So I feel like you're really focused as you go through this on the lyrics.
  That's true.
  And I wonder if that's doing a disservice to the ride.
  Right.
  And you're right.
  I mean, if you really analyze the lyrics, what do they mean?  It's more about the vibe of the song.
  It's more about the feeling.
  The only reason I'm, I'm interested in this is cause Epcot is about teaching.
  Epcot is about enlightening people on different aspects of our world.
  So if you're going to put this in a thing called the land, I think that it's, it's fair  for me to scrutinize what exactly the message is.
  If this were in magic kingdom, sure, let's just have a good fruit vegetable party who  gives a shit.
  But since we're in Epcot, I think that we need to give it a little bit more weight.
  Well, I think it reflects the thinking about nutrition at the time.
  Like, yeah, just get a bunch, a little of all that shit.
  Like the, the, the food rock show uses a lot of words like moderation and lean, like stuff  that was very 90s.
  There's more, yes, there's more, more in food rocks as far as like maybe instruction, but  it feels very notey.
  I feel the corporate hand in food rocks a lot more, despite it being more current and  irreverent than kids you have array.
  Well, here's one thing, and I guess let's just jump right into food rocks.
  Food wrap that open food rocks open in 1994.
  1994 is also the year that it became mandatory to have nutrition labels on food.
  And you see food rapper, the host voice by tone, Luke is a giant nutrition label.
  Yeah, he is.
  It's kind of a, he is a vague animatronic.
  He is very, what are we looking at here?  He looks like he's dimensional for what?  Like the back of a Capri sun kind of be shaped.
  He's an odd shape and is a label is a nutritional label that tells you the amount of protein  and carbs.
  Is that a rapper?  I don't think it's an accurate name.
  Yeah.
  I mean, obviously they're going for the pun of the rapper, a lot more puns in food.
  Rocks and his, his name is F U D W R A P P R.
  I don't know.
  Is that supposed to be like tone?  Loke somehow?  Well, I have a guess why.
  So when you're doing a character like this, you want to be careful to have it be a trademarkable  name.
  Okay.
  Oh, smart.
  Um, to sell the pun, you have to spell rapper normally like the word rapper.
  Oh, yeah.
  Cause otherwise you're just gonna, you're not gonna sell the pun.
  So you gotta change up food.
  Otherwise you're saying food rapper, which just is the thing.
  And it's not going to be trademark.
  That's the kind of, that's hard to Google.
  That's hard to like have a, put a stamp on, but you're about to go after the rapper.
  Yep.
  Oh, that's smart.
  And if they want it to be off later, yeah.
  Johnny Depp ended up playing food rapper and not a pirate from fires of the Caribbean.
  That would have been a big problem.
  Is there something subliminal to, and that F U D is one letter off from fun?  Yeah, sure.
  That's probably part of it.
  I feel it.
  Well, that seems to be the modus operandi of food rocks as opposed to kitchen cabaret.
  Why go to this austere, you know, uh, vaudeville, uh, uh, for presentation when you can go to  a crazy jacked up rock concert.
  And that's what food rocks is.
  Yeah.
  Just like live aid and farm aid.
  I will say food rocks does, they do bring more energy.
  Yes.
  It is a higher energy show.
  Uh, it's a less relaxing experience for sure.
  The segments are shorter.
  The segments are shorter.
  It's faster music fights, air conditioning a little more.
  The eighties had really, uh, taken hold and changed our culture and we got MTV and then  we got food rocks.
  This was a singing food show for the MTV generation.
  Uh, it's got attitude and it's got rap.
  I, you know, I'll say that we've, you know, we've covered the hard rock park recently.
  We, you know, anytime, um, uh, a theme park tries to get into music territory can be a  little embarrassing.
  I don't cringe at this as much as I think I could.
  A lot of the music is out of date, but the fever that they're aware of Peter Gabriel,  that the police are in it.
  It's a little hipper than you might expect.
  I'm not saying it is hip or it's not cringe worthy.
  What do the inclusion of tone?  Loke?  I think that, yeah.
  And I think that food rapper was actually an early example of inclusion in the park.
  Absolutely.
  That's a good point.
  And it's, it's kind of late, but that's just how it, how it went.
  Is it, it was, uh, what do you think was the first rap in a theme park in the Disney parks  ever?  This rap within like within an actual official theme park experience.
  Like, I'm sure someone wrapped at Epcot.
  And there was the, there was the rap, but, uh, I've, you know, we've talked about the  splash mountain rap as this is an exhibit and we've talked about when Alan Thicke, uh,  wrapped to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
  Sure.
  If we didn't, we should.
  We have talked about that.
  But yeah, the first, the first installed rap.
  Now are there any others?  Maybe in a Beetlejuice's graveyard review.
  Yeah, sure.
  There's gotta be a rap on that.
  Yeah.
  Well, now in the line for the Jimmy Fallon.
  Exactly.
  You took the thought out of my head there.
  Yeah.
  Black Thoughts.
  Rap.
  Wraps the safety instructions while Jimmy throws cards down like Bob Dylan.
  That's correct.
  That does happen.
  But yeah, there's not a lot of hip hop in the theme parks.
  Well, so I'm going to give Food Rocks some big points for that.
  And it's not, you know what?  It's not super embarrassing either because you'd think the, like a theme park putting  rap in would be a little like, you know, like, like dudes with two, it'd be a little more  sort of like, Hey, check it out.
  Check what I can do.
  Mini.
  Oh, well you are a legacy of like Mickey Mouse with a boom box rap type stuff.
  This is like a little better than that tone.
  I mean, you have work as we speak, because you know, the song is gone and you're going  back to being Lil C.
  That's got to be gone in the song right there.
  Yes.
  Up.
  Good point.
  But, you know, Anteros, like it, has a Carl Loff a good hum.
  Oh, yeah, and homecoming are  But if you're a fan of carrots, Spanish cab OT.
  Yeah.
  Cause it sounds super abysmal.
  Yup.
  One brings up a question for me because the there are adversaries in this  The the band the fictional group the excess the heavy metal junk food.
 Yeah.
 Yeah  Saying an original composition called give us junk.
 What do you think they tried to get?  Do you think there was an actual because because every no see I think they wouldn't for the bad guy  I'm question because every other every song in this isn't a song that exists and it's a parody except for that one song  But they would have to kind of make those guys the bad guys  So do you think there was a band they went to that were like you're gonna be the evil  Yeah, I don't think people would be willing to do that.
 Wouldn't Gene Simmons be a  They tried rock and roller coaster was supposed to be kiss  You guys we didn't we did a rock and roller coaster episode didn't go over that part of it  We'd heard that they were supposed to be rolling stones.
 I had not heard the kiss components.
 Hmm really?  Well, then we have a correction to make or you need to send us an article  I'll get you guys I'll back that up then we'll have them record the end.
 Um, you can come back  I mean, I believe it it makes sense as if somebody that they would and they seem like a coffin  well  and also it makes sense that that would fall apart because  They're right.
 He's notoriously difficult to negotiate with but yeah that whatever there's a miniature golf course  As we've both golfed at in Las Vegas the kiss mini golf that yeah for some reason they were able to close a deal  No problem.
 Yeah, I bet he gets a cut of that gate though.
 Yeah, I'm sure he does  Oh, yeah  Yeah, I see what you're saying.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's got a big tongue.
 He wants a big taste  Happen with the rolling instead the Rolling Stones what I've seen about of money also a big tongue.
 Yeah.
 Yeah  a lot of  Amount of the annual income of Steven Spielberg every year comes from his cut of the game universal that he still gets  He gets a cut gets a or a new buy an executive producer  Every time you buy a ticket to Universal Studios, he gets a set percentage of that  I don't know what the number is but it's high enough that it's millions of dollars a year for him  Oh my god, and and that goes up  Maybe that and that was a deal that was done when theme parks were not like  The idea wasn't necessarily that tickets were like a hundred dollars, right?  They they now are so very upset that that deal exists because they would make so many percentage of a different number  Yeah, not that one that they decided to make be really high.
 Mm-hmm  But you got to think people are going because of the IP he brought into the parks  I mean who would go to Universal Florida if not for botanicus  That's right  He's easy to see to a 10 of the audience on the green planet.
 He's absolutely is.
 Excuse me.
 Zrex teacher  That he's really proper names recs are you okay? Anyway back to food rocks?  Yeah, you're right.
 So I'm going in its first first of all, I read this could be wrong  The Disney owns the Queen catalog that yeah, Hollywood, right? Uh-huh when I I work for this weird  Disney company  And there was made like viral video attempted viral videos for Disney and they why I because spent a week editing  Taking Bohemian Rhapsody and editing clips of Pinocchio to it Wow condensed the entire story of Pinocchio  Into the length of Bohemian Rhapsody and I finished it and was like, yeah, I think I did okay that this exists  I did it and then like  Like add people were so moved by this they like I've cried synergy between these two pieces of IP  We control both of  This mashup of properties made me weep  I just could people were getting in a people were putting their hand on my shoulder like Scott  You don't I had a the catharsis I had because I  Pinocchio plus  Never came out.
 No, no, no never and then ultimately Queen said no, even though they did own the catalog  Yeah, I think it did go up to Brian May  Somebody who I bet also is I bet they were Jay.
 I wonder if they were tried for a rock and roller coaster  That would have been a good idea too.
 So you're saying that they they rejected your Pinocchio video  But they said when they sent them the food rocks the plan for food rocks and the parody song of Bohemian Rhapsody  They were like, yes, yes, and it will be a band.
 That's like a parody of Queen.
 No, no  They'll be called the you tinsel.
 All right.
 Sure.
 That seems clean to me.
 Absolutely  I sign off it does that that is a very good point about all of this  It's inconsistent in the names of the fake bands.
 Yep, the parody bands some are puns.
 Yeah, you got the peach boys  Low-hanging fruit.
 I'll say that  Oh God, hey, all right.
 All right.
 Look at this guy over here.
 I really have a problem with Neil Musaka  Like what I had to look up what Musaka is  Yeah, what is Musaka? I forget is anybody know offhand? It is a food.
 Is it mousse?  Could be oh, I know what Musaka is.
 It's like a Greek lasagna essentially  It's just essentially lasagna with other stuff.
 Is that right? I think so Wow, it sounds  delicious  But it's and I guess it has the aka but he then I don't believe Neil Musaka is a is a Greek  Lasagna once you see him and it's all over the map and that's a pair  Neil Sadaka is the parody so it does sort of line up that one  You know sometimes we have to on it something like this podcast have to say oh for those of you who are younger  You might not know you really might not know Neil Sadaka.
 Oh, yeah, that's it.
 I'm interested  I'm very interested in like who was like we got to get Neil Sadaka.
 Yeah, when you're including song  Someone that someone was proud of themselves about that pun  They were like I've got the best and they force the dog upon and then like the little Richard like parody is just called Richard  He's just bit they Richard it says here.
 They took the one bit of color out of his name  Yeah, that's Richard.
 The best one is Peter Gabriel.
 Yeah  I'll give it up Gabriel just to confirm Musaka is an eggplant or potato based  Usually includes ground meat sometimes has a milk based sauce on top  so if you can imagine like a lasagna no noodles eggplants and kind of a  Imagine sauce on top if you can imagine that sauce singing a parody of breaking up is hard to do  Yeah, if you if you can imagine that the rest would be the skin or the hair  Thank you the plant is his blood probably the best  But what's his blood let's I would need a chart of what every character's blood is ground meat is his guts Peter Gabriel  blood is hummus  Air is but his blood is air.
 He's empty on the inside.
 Yeah, what's in the end knowledge facts?  numbers  That's what he's made of  Peter Gabriel is a highlight.
 I would agree  He's the parody of sledgehammer high fiber  It you know, it's sung by the guy voiced  wacko on  Anime the man his name is Jess Parnell.
 You got it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah  Pretty good.
 Now.
 There's a voice you recognize there's better voice talent in this thing came up in the Splash Mountain episode  Let me ask van  Do you remember when you went to Epcot the first time and your beloved kitchen cabaret had been changed into food  Rocks I  Do and I actually I was excited you were I didn't know  You know, this is these this is in the dark days when you didn't know what things were before you went to them  Oh boy  we're fixing that and  I  went  And I remember  The show starting I sat down not knowing they'd updated it  Like I was I missed the like theming out, you know, they put a new marquee up  And I somehow missed all of the re theming and so I remember the show starting being like oh the show is different  But I got it in my head that this was like they would up there it would ever be updated again  Hmm, like I remember thinking like oh, I guess maybe they're gonna start updating it  So you just thought maybe every couple years? Yeah, but I I will I did  Have that like  You weren't upset I wasn't upset and I think but though maybe it was because I went in and sat down  I had no expectation of yeah, how is the new one gonna compare to the old one? Oh, okay  That might also just be a difference in like our culture now  Sure, I mean like when people accepted stuff more I feel like in the old now  It's very much like you have to always excited  When things would change in the theme park  because I like  You know this seemed change seemed better like it's a living breathing thing.
 It's getting better  It's the change you would feel it was good.
 It was good that it was changing  You know, I also remember like  Certain theme parks other theme parks.
 It's like, you know when they think stop changing, right? That's when they're in trouble, right?  Absolutely.
 Oh, yeah, that's not that with that's counter to Walt's vision  Although this was a time of some pretty bad changes  Enchanted Tiki Room under new management was pretty wretched  And I but I'll say you know when you compare this to the like  Hippified remakes of old attractions.
 I think this one's not  Not not too bad.
 It's not it's it isn't closer to the top of the list in terms of not being  I think it's I think it is a little more energetic a little more fun than kitchen cabaret  It is also though it does you know, they're not starting the kitchen cabaret's not starting from like the original  Tiki Room bar.
 It's not  That's a good point.
 Yes, I do like the name kitchen cabaret.
 Yes  It is a good name a kitchen k cabaret.
 Yeah, they spell it.
 Yeah, that's rocks is a dumber sound  Yeah, they definitely don't know they made the name dumber  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's not really a pun.
 Yeah.
 Well, yeah, it's like  It's like it's like sort of phrased like you've made a pun, but you haven't right.
 Yeah.
 Mm-hmm  I'm sure there's a pun we could think of this letter like I guess cuz it's food and then they're doing rock music  Well, that's just saying yeah, the thing it is and then the thing it is  It's not but it's sort of like it puts itself out there like it feels like there's a blank spot  Yeah, you're waiting for something clever or like yeah, like they were trying to come up with a name  And it's like what do you want to just called food rocks and it was like yeah, let's just go home  Let's do that.
 Yeah, go home tonight  Go home tonight.
 I also think this is I think the kitchen cabaret was maybe from an era when I feel like they came  Over that idea and then that was just it.
 I there I bet food rocks had like 30 names.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah  Yeah, probably very market test rent rent through Nestle  Yeah, there were Nestle people who had to shift from one is a meeting about the the the program to get third-world women  addicted to baby formula  I'm sure they could keep this sending to those countries  Into infinity and then like hang I can I grab you for the the the Epcot thing.
 Yeah, sure.
 Yeah  I want to join a new funds.
 Let me see  Great Twitter user  Progress City wrote a book about some Disney stuff called the progress city primer  linked a while back to a  Menu from the first restaurant at the land like an opening day menu.
 Okay, and there's craft logos all over it  and I just I was really tickled by reading and also like all the food is either covered in a lemon butter or a  peppercorn sauce or a cream sauce a lot of  A lot of veggie veggie fruit fruit.
 Yeah  Going on there, but there was this great  I guess was the motto the corporate by but it just says craft means good food dot dot dot  worldwide  Like that's just said that motto is just nothing.
 Yeah  Yeah, that's not anything either.
 Yeah, though.
 Maybe that was how they were doing  Well, I think that general statements this was again just to put some historical perspective on this which has been my role in this podcast  Yeah, sure.
 Thank you  You know, this was a time when globalization was a new concept and I think that craft food was probably trying to  Forefront the fact that they had brands across the world and were a global company  Also pictured in in this menu next to the wine list some of those brands like Cracker Barrel cheese or Velveeta or Parquet  Or Philadelphia great cheese again on the page opposite the wine list  Wow, you gotta pick your cream cheese before you pick your wine.
 Yeah  I I was thinking like Epcot Center is just in general  Before Walt died Walt Disney died his dream as we all know was to make a true  Experimental city that would be a beacon of hope and change for the whole world and it would organize cities in a different way  And they would be like clean cities as far as energy is concerned  If he was like reanimated and he was like take he would like you the first thing you would be like is take me to  Epcot because that was what he is dying wish basically was to finish Epcot Center  And then he walked and there was just like a show where there was a talking Bill Carton  And then there were all these pop songs like wouldn't he be the most disappointed man of all time  Like this is what you guys did what so now will you take me to where the the solar electricity is?  is made and where where all the children of the world live in peace and a  You know in a mixed-race school and well, there's just a bunch of that all drinking in the back of it  I guess people just go country to country and just drink a different fruity color drink with I  What what is that?  What are those buildings with the giant swan on top? The hell is that?  I see now.
 I think that he would love I think you would love the swan and dolphin  I think he would think those were savvy business deal.
 Absolutely managed by bold architecture.
 They had managed by not  Disney's like a third  And they're building another hotel across from it  Also will be managed in a partnership like now which is odd the swan and dolphin, you know  Sure, did those ballrooms get used to dissect cadavers? Yeah, maybe discovered  Possibly your yacht and Beach Club ballrooms.
 These are true.
 Yeah, there's this  Ballroom floor my dad just listened to that episode and he's like we're not staying at the outer Beach Club now  But I know that we're not saying wow we ended we have never stayed there and we talked about it  He's like, I don't know if I would have stayed there now.
 He's just worried.
 Yeah bone will fall off the ceiling  sleeping I think that these dissections are some of the  some of the  Happier things that happen at Disney hotels that you don't want to think about  Enough said about that an ominous tease from guest van Robe show.
 We're still here on podcast the ride and  Food  You got the you know, it's another pun-less  section that's a jump around too much but to the climax in a way when the excess  performs their  Evil tyrannous song of wishing to eat junk and being okay with your teeth rotting  then kind of the song stops and then they're like what happened and  Food rapper says no power.
 You just got unplugged  Which is accurate.
 It's what he did.
 He took a plug and he unplugged it and that's not a food thing  I guess unplugged is a reference to MTV unplugged but other than that, it's just kind of I don't know food rapper  Just says what he did and it's I don't know.
 I think they're heavy metal band  So there's so they're power reliant.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Hmm.
 Good point.
 Well food rapper hit him where it hurts  Yeah, and there I just described the stakes of the show  Mm-hmm.
 That's yeah, that's the very exciting part of it.
 That's like the most exciting part  I haven't rewatched these shows the that band the evil band.
 Are they what are their animatronics? They were they a  Repurposing of any of the food from the previous it's unclear what they are  I was I have that in my notes.
 Are they garlics? Are they rotting? Yeah, they look like garlics  But I also they could be like hard candy maybe like a rapper of a hard trying to wear on stage  You know anywhere where something else they pop up a stage left your stage, right? Like are we on the stage?  Are we looking at the stage? Yeah, that's a good question  And they pop up different places and I assume if we're looking at the stage they're towards the right  But it'd be opposite if you're in food if you're looking out there towards the right there just below  You know, they'd be directly below Peter Gabriel if that helps you  Peach boys in the center  Richard not little Richard off to the right and then  everybody  Then food rapper down downstage left.
 Yeah, he's he's where  Anita food, what is there was her name Bonnie apatite Bonnie?  I need a need a food is what I just guessed  Might be better that would work if it was a more specific food you could do Anita burger or Anita  slice of  Food doesn't quite work.
 I need a milk.
 I wouldn't pass.
 I couldn't be on the pun staff of one of these shows  Yeah here I'm showing fan right now.
 They're  Here they are.
 This is the garlics  I mean all you need to know is that they have to their food with toad and they have tattoos and their garlic  They're missing wait and food rapper would be over  He's here stage, right? Yeah, guys.
 The point is they are some bad guys.
 They are some scary evil  Vicious musicians who are ruining the fun.
 Oh, yeah, they're not really junk food are they they're just kind of dirty their bags  Yeah, they're like cuz he does it like foot bunions or something  What are will ask people on Twitter what you think the excess are they just pure their manifestations of evil?  They're like just  shapeless nothings  The vaguely the size that a food item would be they probably couldn't like  They were somebody would get litigious if they made them look like any food.
 I think they're supposed to be something  I don't I I think like onions there were left in the trash and they're fine with it  They're like, let me rot like rotten.
 I have a death wish food  I like if if because maybe we're getting back to food motivation if a piece of food  If it's a fresh food really wants to be eaten  Maybe the the inverse of that is for a food for food to rot and never be eaten  And that's what the excess wants.
 That's why I hate them  Yeah, cuz they don't want to be eaten when they're fresh.
 Yeah  They don't want to die when they're in their prime, you know humans.
 I want to die when I'm a burden on society  Yeah, that's I'm gonna bring up something else confusing which is the get the point sisters  They sing the song respect by Aretha Franklin, which is not their song  Yeah, that is the real pointer sisters singing  Not a point and also the name is strange the get the point  Sisters not one of the better names.
 I also it's I know that they're candy bars, but it took me a sec  They're sort of just like they look like ribbons or something.
 They look like beautiful ribbons  But hey kudos to the real pointer sisters for doing it and uh, it's not not a bad song  Uh, I want to go backwards a little uh, they changed the like pre-show area  The little lobby you would wait it used to be a very elaborate like  City scape city facade because like you were going in a broadway theater and converted it as many 90s things are to just kind of like  Cartoonie looking painting angles on the wall.
 Yes.
 It's very different with a lot of food facts  Some of which I found very odd that they posted one  Cashews are never sold in the shell that's because they are related to poison ivy and the shells contain an irritated  Oil that's a weird thing to have painted on the wall at a theme park  Take that back to your friends at your school kids  Here's another one  Why is there a stalk of celery in a bloody mary since ancient Rome celery has been thought of as a hangover remedy  Again, a weird thing to have painted on a wall for children in the land pavilion  This is in like you see these little cartoony paintings as you walk in to the show  It's just it's a very strange choice very strange the 90s were a wild time  People's ideas of what food facts were so out of whack  Um, what have we missed? What well there's a lot of like actual people doing the voices  Which I think is it I remember as a kid finding that neat and I thought  I was because I read about that in my burn bombs guide on the delta flight on my way to disney world  And I remember thinking i'm this is something i'm gonna know when i'm watching the show the other kids don't  I will know that Neil sadaka is Neil Musaka.
 I will know that  Uh chubby checker is chubby cheddar.
 Yes.
 He's chubby cheddar.
 Mm-hmm  Um, that's pretty good.
 That one's a good name.
 Here's a here's a here's a thing about I noticed so chubby cheddar  Is kind of like he's in the background.
 It's it's unclear to me if he's sort of a full animatronic or it's just sort of a  Excuse me an animation like a silhouette  Um, he is he's doing you know, the twist which is chubby checkers signature  Only song but chubby cheddar looks to be holding a cheese grater above his head as he does the twist  Mm-hmm, which is very dark.
 I mean he is  He is advocating  He's a cutter.
 Yeah, he is a cutter.
 I mean  Slowly  Well, he used to have skin  That's true, right that had been ripped from him his package of skin has been ripped off now  He's just the inside shade is nestle throwing shade at craft.
 Oh, that's interesting.
 Oh  Wow, like craft go kill yourself kill yourself  We finally unlocked the secret  And they've been corporate message they've implicated chubby checker in this whole evil plan of theirs  Hey unwittingly surely.
 I mean he got paid go great yourself  I huh? Well, we figured that out, you know in keeping with the theme in this episode of punless puns  I was curious about what old chubby checker is up to  He is not up to being dead.
 He's well, he is up to being alive  Good for him and you can not only book him for corporate events or or whatever  Maybe for a podcast.
 In fact, if you want to book  Chubby checker email e evans at the last twist.
com.
 That's a tip from me.
 Scott garner to you  I saved you a trip to chubby checker.
com  But also he sells  Food himself you can buy beef jerky from chubby checker  And you know what it's called beef jerky what chubby checkers beef jerky  It's not like there's no it's not a twist.
 It's not uh  Now do they call it the last twist because the idea is you book him and maybe if you're lucky  You know, I was there I hate to say i'm not proud of this but you know was a  Meaningful moment in my life to get to see the last twist.
 Mm-hmm  Um, and yeah, I know but to be this is the second to last twist if you shell out the money for that  Wow found out you imagine, uh, will you be a fool? Um, they all see also as like, uh,  Checker chocolate and pony punch.
 I guess he had a song called the pony.
 That was another dance.
 He did  That's a little closer, but um, that although several of those items pony punch and checker chocolate only available in bulk orders  So don't buy that  Unless you want a ton of pony punch have any of us seen chubby checker live?  I want to wonder if you have a lot of like I certainly have  September fest schomburg, illinois.
 Oh schomburg was the place to be.
 Oh, yeah  Did you yell out do the do exercise to the tune of the twist rather than the twist?  Yeah, do your food rock song.
 I was really into we went to see the food rock  Material, but he didn't uh, he was just doing her.
 Yeah.
 He had a grader though.
 He didn't do any of the songs  He also crazed death  Yeah  I don't want to sing this anymore  Someone great me  Um, yeah, come on now  Come on, let me die  Um, I'm gonna go ahead and do this  Okay, um cut to all the cut to our text conversation when he does pass away before this episode is released  Okay emergency, uh  Uh, yeah, so he's in it, you know, he's also uh, do you guys know he was on quantum leap?  And that there is an episode where sam becket goes into the body of a he becomes a 50s dj  And then chubby checker comes in and says, uh, hey, will you play my record?  And he's like, oh you're chubby checker and he starts doing the twist which teaches chubby checker the twist  So in a back to the future chuck berry kind of moment a white guy invents a black guy's thing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah  Wow, this is forest gump  Teaching alvis how to move his hips oddly.
 That's right.
 All right  Nobody thought of anything some oddball sometime often on musical dance, you know, yeah was done by a  Um or a magic sprite we haven't seen in a film but we can only assume the the macarena or uh, the uh,  The dougie sure i'm suspicious of every dance now.
 It was always a time traveler or a leaper.
 Yeah  Or a gump a mad manic pixie  Dream boy or whatever you would call gump.
 That's how you regard him.
 I don't know.
 I guess  Not he's kind of like he  He is in his own way though.
 It's not the stereotype but he's like a muse.
 He's everyone's he's a magical figure  Yeah, sure.
 So  Um, I guess that's not manic pixie dream gump is not the  phrase what's um  What haven't we what haven't we covered? There's so much there's a lot but yeah, like what else do we care care about?  Um, you know, I want to say I mean you guys might know that i'm i'm a pretty big  Uh peach boys fan.
 Yeah, and uh, I really you know  Good nutrition, I think is just such a like hallmark  Uh a pop song it took him six months to record.
 I don't know if you know that it was like it's so experimental  There was a lot of tension  Uh within the band between uh, brian will sorenge and mike lunch  Who is an apple, uh, uh, but his last name is lunch that's just what we're but uh, you know  They had a lot of like inner band, uh, uh, uh struggling and infighting  But obviously it worked out because they made so much great music together all uh culminating in the masterpiece album  plate sounds  Um, and you know, i'm sure most of our listeners know it but in case you don't I probably should read  The entire track listing plate sounds out loud.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, just as a service.
 I mean you you know  Most of you know it probably yeah.
 Okay.
 So, you know the album starts out with the wouldn't it be rice?  Uh, uh, yeah, and then gives way to you still eat leaves with me  That's not meat  Don't talk put your bread in my toaster  Uh, i'm i'm waiting for the dates  Let's go eat way for a while  Sloop john beef, of course, that's a keshe one  Uh charred only grows which uh, I believe parah mccartney called his favorite song ever written  Uh, I know I know there's a custard which alternatively is a hang on to your manchego  Here's souffle.
 I just wasn't glazed for these bites  The title track plate sounds obviously instrumental and then ends of the tender ballad clementines.
 Yes  So, uh, I just wanted to remind people of that that great record and all these evocative  Titles and uh, you know go check it out on the the the version of spotify.
 That's all fruit puns.
 What a journey  That's great.
 Uh, yeah  Band took has taken us on over these many decades.
 I agree  Um, thanks for the music peach boys make that clear that that's not something you made.
 That's that was canon  That's no i'm just i'm just a huge peach boys.
 Yeah, uh, I love everything about them  I love that only one of them is a peach  um  There's uh  The whole the whole mythology, uh, um, yeah  Yeah, I I love that they you know, it was a sad time when they got involved with the charles branson  um, he uh  murdered all those uh, uh cereal boxes but or when uh that uh, the peach got was 300 pounds  Yeah, yeah, he really uh, uh, yeah, he got he got way too way too ripe.
 He grew way too  Well, he had his struggles.
 He got addicted to he experimented with pesticides  Or when the apple just walked off his boat and sunk to the bottom of the sea  Yeah, yeah, yeah  Marina del del dates and his doctor doctor candy  uh who was uh  Treating him  Candy.
 Yeah.
 Yes, correct.
 I was wrong.
 He uh, he the brother the apple brother.
 He he drowned in marina del taco  That's what I meant to say.
 So again, sorry to get my facts wrong.
 Yeah, do great research.
 No more three stars  That's fair.
 Yeah, so hey, thanks.
 Thanks peach boys.
 Thanks for the music god bless the peach boys  Um, what are we what are we?  Feel about it like I mean, I guess that's the end of this ride suck.
 I mean, let's be honest  Well, this is the yeah in the arc of this, uh, one attraction was replaced by another attraction  That was similar and if you polled everyone, but there would be no clear answer and which one is better  Most people would say i've never heard of it.
 Yeah, and then it got replaced by  Soren, which is a wonderful attraction everyone loves and no one ever complains that these are gone  So so let's say those attractions closed on the same day 10 years apart.
 That is crazy.
 I would advocate  For a retheming of soren to involve food  Okay, so so would they be just uh, this it doesn't have to be this food  It could be now look if they soared over some of these characters in just maybe one scene of it  That really would be a for me a great nostalgia bump  But yeah, I just mean I think that that I do think it's a shame to have uh,  the food  Theming kind of gone from this physical space that was dedicated to food for so long  Yeah, I mean, yeah, so you want even though soren like you fly over land  You still would like I want food.
 I I want not land.
 I know it's the land  Yeah, right right that error like I like the idea that that physical space that was once occupied by the kitchen cabaret  Is occupied by something else that deals with actual literal food  You want to like fly over grease where peter gabriel and neil musaka are from you want to see the fields in which their ingredients are?  Yeah, like some wheat fields.
 Mm-hmm  uh, um, yeah you uh, obviously fly over uh marina del taco the  There's meant so much to the peach boys growing up  Uh, so so if you were that so that's when you're talking about our of course patented  podcast the ride scale.
 Sorry, the dog just almost ripped the uh recorder off if  He wants this episode to be done.
 Do you at home?  So yeah on our patented podcast the ride scale  You're saying you're you don't want to plus up these old rides or anything.
 You want to plus up the soren ride? Yeah, bring the food  back into it, uh, um, yeah, well you could be yeah, you could be flying in a big uh in a big colander you can  And uh, that's good.
 Yeah, I like that.
 I've also always thought that a soren could do could play with scale more and you could have something  Macro photography and then you could feel giant like you could feel tiny right?  I think that would be really fun.
 You could maybe sort through some food in that way  All right.
 Yeah, I think maybe like a big hand could come up from the bottom of the screen with a big old sub sandwich  Yeah  Oh man, this is thumping over.
 Yeah, that's right.
 Jason.
 You haven't smiled as wide as you have the whole podcast  Sandwich coming at you on one side of the from the bottom of the screen then to the other side of the screen  So what yeah, how about okay? So like you maybe your dream is sort of a soren where you're flying inside someone's mouth  Oh, yeah, you're like a tiny person inside a mouth seeing giant food smelling that food was normal  Oh, yeah, and then they can like a subway sponsorship.
 You can smell that subway tuna.
 You know what i'm talking about  Yeah, but then that's gonna attract all those vore freaks.
 So what freaks vore vore?  Vore.
 Yeah, what is your keep going guys? What is this getting eating? It's a getting  Fetish.
 Oh the one you have  The alien encounter fetish you have that you were hoping to get eaten by an alien  By the alien.
 Well, just that alien.
 Oh, okay.
 So you don't have a full range full  Anything goes finish.
 It's just that you want to be eaten by that alien.
 Yeah, I don't want mac and me to eat me  Okay, uh van, do you have this fetish? Oh, no, okay  You guys just aware of it.
 I'm just yeah  Allow you to experience.
 Yeah the ultimate fantasy of a of a big vore head  Vortual reality you might call it  Um, yeah, let's no I I agree.
 Let's change this.
 So well vorin soren is vorin  Yeah, that's what we that's what we want.
 I think everyone will be pleased with this and you know to have a ride  Where you get to see a big sandwich go?  But a ride where you get to experience what it's like to eat  Uh would be I think so much more satisfying than or eating  Yeah  Well to kind of want to feel like what it's like to be a sandwich  Maybe not the eaten part, but you want to be on that scale of a sandwich, right?  You want to appreciate the food in an up close and personal way.
 Yeah, what if like the soren because you know soren famously  There's three levels  Um, there's three different levels of people seated seated  So like it's kind of you're not supposed to kind of know about that  But like you see people's feet above you  What if everyone is like a row of teeth or something and then they kind of close in and you're no adjacent  Well, I I think we're we can't see the forest from the trees  I mean there's been rumors about like imagineers skulking around the wonders of life pavilion  I think this is a way to reignite  That pavilion  Oh in what way I mean like a getting eaten thing and you follow the full journey you get  And then you go down the  Throat to a stomach a digestive tract the entire that's interesting.
 Yeah, you get shit out is what you're saying  Part of the ride is getting shit out.
 This is going to breathe  You breathe life into the wonders of life  And then you become you get shit out  I was I was never a fan of the wonders of life  Okay, what?  That's one of my favorite boy.
 We had very different.
 Yeah.
 Yeah  I I yeah, that was just uh, hmm boy next next time I have two drinks.
 I'm really gonna let you have it  Yeah, watch out.
 Scott the monster big body wars kind of a guy  Uh, I mean I was at the time I think I I think now I can see the hollowness of uh of body wars  That's the closest thing to what we're talking about  That's you inside the human body but not inside the part you want the part where all the delicious food is coming down  Certainly not coming out the rectum that was now part of it not at all.
 But in your fantasy  We're talking about a different park.
 We're talking about freak cot  I think we what you did your plus that our plus that up here is to bill  It's a it's an epcot in which every pavilion is a different fetish.
 Yeah, and then walt would be happy  So well, I can get behind this we're not gonna make the world better  Yeah, like at least people can enjoy their sex things.
 This is a future i've come to right all  Societal norms have fallen away and it's all sex perverts now surely seems like that was what he liked when we yeah  Yeah, after he's seen what an epcot is and he's like, well, but just tell me they still hold freak cot every year  For one special day things get a little really experimental  Yeah, I mean what what I would do is if this was still open now, uh  In the dead of night, I would have a couple  Uh college kids that I paid 20 dollars, uh sneak in throw some oily rags around it and just light it on fire  Here  Is this the first official burn it down for insurance I kind of said it about back to the future  But I didn't really mean it fully but this is this is the one where I mean just burn it down.
 I don't know  Yeah, fine as well.
 I'm with you.
 Yeah, like you'll get the insurance money and build a soren over  California over the world.
 It's almost a little what they did.
 It is what they did pretty much.
 Yeah, pretty much  They burned it down  Although although in reality what they did was close the ride with very little announcement  And there is very little concern about it and it was a great decision for the park  and uh, uh, if you want the ride to live on it'll live on and uh  Meandering podcasts.
 Yep.
 Yeah, I think the appropriate place for it.
 Well then  Appropriately van you have survived podcast the ride.
 Thank you so much for being here  It was great to be here putting things in uh in perspective and uh, thanks  I'm glad to have been able to take that role.
 Yeah anytime uh, anytime that uh, you can  Compare world events to the events of world showcase.
 I think it's important for us all to do  Let me ask you guys just real quick.
 Just an apricot question.
 Where we go  Favorite country in the world showcase  That's interesting.
 Um  I gotta go norway because of the ride, but is does that not count? Is that to you?  Is it does it have to be the full package? No, that's a wonderful answer.
 Yeah, it's gotta be  Yeah, what a ride.
 Yeah, yeah, and it's and I think fun theming and fun and those trolls you get trolls hanging out  I like this is weird.
 I don't know if this the first thing that popped into my head was japan  Uh, because I love the gift shops in japan  Yeah, there are so many different little stores and different type and cool stuff and japanese candy  Yeah, the candies are great.
 Like it really like you kind of like  Like you feel like you're there.
 I mean and and as we said, we're gonna be there  You know for two three four days.
 I don't know how long but how many days does it take to see all of the gift shops?  In the tiny japan and apricot, uh, I would say two days or two days.
 I think you need guys  You're out of your fucking minds poor.
 Oh god.
 I'm so sorry  I have a problem  Uh, I think mexico  I always like the boat ride that that lobby you're talking like it now.
 Mexico is my favorite  So we're high on this the night the night time is the reason for me the restaurant, uh,  Cavaday tequila the bar where this is newer in the last few years, but they have this  A very nice tequila bar where they will they have tons of different  uh  Margaritas made with very fresh ingredients.
 It's delicious  Uh and just like the fact that it's like a starry night and there's music and it's but very  Pleasantly air-conditioned during the day as I find beautiful.
 It's it's great.
 It's great  And there's nothing like especially like usually if you're going uh clockwise  Mexico is great because it's the first one you get that drink in your hand and you're ready to tour the world  You're ready like there's a nice feeling like only possibility lies ahead of you from here on out  Like it's just it's the start of a wonderful journey a tipsy journey  That has many different stops including one where benjamin franklin and mark twain shake hands  I also had to give credit to canada the last time I was there.
 I really enjoyed canada shot out to canada  Uh great steak at lace lea wonderful restaurant.
 This is this is a sidetrack on a very long episode already it occurred to me  uh this weekend that there are  Do you know how many there are?  four attractions  Films in the various parks starring martin short.
 He's made four.
 Wow different wait, so canada canada ride  Making of me and wonders of life  Uh your burn it to the ground for richards money.
 There's something called the cinema  Magique in paris and then the monster sound show with chevy chase  four  Films that are shown only in disney parks.
 Hey, i'm good with that also none of them  anyone likes  Okay, not memorable.
 I kind of like that sound effects show.
 Yeah, i'm better than anything else they they put in  Um, and uh, I haven't seen canada 360 with martin short.
 Maybe it's a ball.
 I don't mean to uh,  Assail it.
 Okay, positive affirmations.
 All right, so our canadian listeners will be mad  Uh that we're disparaging martin short's work and then our japanese listeners will be mad  Because we all picked the wrong numbers days to spend at the park  I was always a little disappointed on by canada  uh in epcot i've just always felt a little bit like  I wish it were maybe somewhere more exotic every single one of them needs a boat ride  You'd like canada fine if you're on a blog  Or going through them through yeah the beautiful wilderness or like going through a maple factory  Yeah, oh boy.
 Yeah, that's that's what i'll dream of  Well, if I don't we're making this longer and longer but uh west cot was going to be built out here  And there was going to be a giant boat ride that took you through all the countries  Yeah, really it was going to go all the way around the park.
 It was a 45 minute.
 I think boat ride  You could get off at multiple stops  You would have gotten your boat ride wish through all the countries and did we say in the american adventure there was a  art of of the history of america told on a boat ride  Um boat ride like if you're imagine yours if you're ever talking about a boat ride build the boat ride build the boat  Get the boat build the boat hashtag build the boat hashtag build the boat  Um van anything you want to you want to plug or alert people too? Uh, you can follow me on twitter at at van the brand  um, if you uh are interested in talking to comedian mike mitchell visit mitch.
pizza, uh, which is my uh,  person to mitch texting service  Uh, it is a literal you're not joke like if people don't know you it is a literal thing  You can sign up for that will let you directly text comedian mike mitchell.
 Yes  You will uh, you can get your message to him  Uh who you know from either being a guest on the show or us referring to him derisively, uh without context  Yeah, right.
 Um, all right  So if you want to talk to him go to mitch.
pizza, um, and then check out my podcast  Uh wherever podcasts are the van labs test podcast.
 So just search for van labs test podcast  Or you can on your web browser go to van.
labs.
show  All right, great  And if you want to know more about this podcast that you're listening to go to podcasts the ride at twitter  Instagram and I feel like I forget I should just why don't I write this down? Yes the ride at gmail.
com  There you go.
 Hey, and review us on itunes most importantly van robert show  You've survived podcast the ride.
 I think I did it survived already  Your ipad again the spectro men  They're stealing your memories of things that happened four minutes ago jason jason damn it  Get out of jason's brain men and the rest of you get out of this episode.
 It's done.
 Bye