 Warning! Today's podcast may include scandalous tales of teenage lap-seeding, rivers of candy blood,  and unspeakable evil like the Shaw of Iran's secret torture police and Disney World hotels charging for parking now.
  Buckle up, it's the Matterhorn bobsleds on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the show hosted by three men trying to outrace death by knowing every theme park's signature treat.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Mike Carlson.
  So you're saying that if we know every treat that exists at Disney or not, that maybe the Grim Reaper will come another day.
  We will outrace death embodied by like a skiing man, right? In Jack Kirby's Fourth World.
  Isn't death like racing? Like the evil racers.
  That really ties into the theme today.
  Yeah, it does.
  Skiing, yeah, good work.
  Oh, right.
  It does? Oh, yes, yes, yes.
 There's a lot of skiing going on in the Matterhorn.
  Jason's playing four-dimensional chess right now.
  I'm playing four-dimensional chess and playing with me, Scott Gerdner.
  I sure am.
 Don't checkmate me.
 Yeah, wait, outrunning.
 Yeah, I mean, yeah, treats help distract from the ultimate specter.
  Some might say, though, the treats speed up, you know, if you have too many treats, Jason.
  Well, yeah, but you got to do a few laps on the park to walk off that Ghiradelli.
  All right.
  A good place to get your steps in.
  A good place to get your steps in.
  Disneyland, a trip to Disneyland, I will often justify the indulgence by knowing on that.
  I'm walking potentially nine, 10 miles.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Yeah, that's true.
 Most in my life.
 I'm never doing any marathon or anything, so every trip to Disneyland is my marathon.
  Yeah, it's very funny looking at my steps and it'll be like from my Orlando trip, it'll be like 20,000 steps, 25,000 steps.
  And then the trip is over and it's like 500 steps.
  Like one flight climbed and that's it.
  So go there, load up, load up for the year, like gathering berries for your hibernation.
  Yeah.
  It levels you out.
 You're in pretty good shape, I feel.
  I don't know.
 I mean, kind of.
 I think it's just luck, honestly.
  I'm tall and it goes over, like it just falls.
 My metabolism is still OK for a man in his mid thirties.
  Yeah, I think any of the three of us are a real rough mess considering how much treats factor into our lives and discussion and alcohol and meals.
  I eat taco about three times a week and I'm doing fine.
  Maybe not three, maybe two.
 Let's say two.
 Now, did I eat it two hours ago? Yes.
  Yes.
  Yes, I did.
  But I ate a very small.
  So on a very sampling day.
  Yeah, I ate two small, very like small kind of treat snack sizes.
  Treats.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, it's all about portion control now, right? That's what they say.
  Yes, now it is.
 Yes.
  In 2018.
  So, yeah, we're talking Matterhorn today.
  Sure are.
 Matterhorn bobsleds.
  Yeah, that's the official name.
  Official name, yeah.
 Thought so.
 Didn't want to get that wrong.
  And for our SEO, get all those bobsled fans to listen to just this.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's cool.
  Still high off the Winter Olympics.
 Still riding strong.
  But some some recent events, some news to kick us off.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 What do you got?  Well, well, we got a very nice message.
  This was through Twitter.
 Michael Natal sent us a message about a recent announcement by Disney.
  Michael writes, this is going to sound bizarre, but here it goes.
  My mother, who isn't in any way tech savvy, is a huge fan of your show.
  In fact, it's it's in fact the only podcast you'll listen to.
  As such, she asked me on her behalf to reach out to ask you guys  if you would at any point discuss the controversy over Disney World  choosing to now charge hotel guests for parking at the hotels themselves.
  I know that's specific, but I'm just doing what I was asked.
  Thank you, Michael.
 Thank you, Michael's mom.
  What a good son.
  What a good son.
  Hey, yeah.
 Thanks both of you for listening.
  Yeah, I like how you were just like, I'm just following orders.
  This is not what I wanted to do.
  I'd be curious to hear what he would like us to talk about.
  Oh, yeah, that's true.
  But you know, he's going in generational order, which I think is right.
  That is nice.
 Yes.
  So yeah.
 So yeah.
  What do we think?  So yeah, Disney World is now charging.
  If you're staying at like the Polynesian hotel, you're staying overnight.
  Most hotels will charge you like forty dollars to keep a car there,  whether it's a rent, whatever car.
  In general, in the world.
  In high density areas.
  If you come to L.
A.
 or you go to New York, you're going to pay a premium to park at hotels.
  If you're staying at like a Hilton Garden Inn or a courtyard by Marriott in the middle,  in the suburbs or something, there's usually a giant free parking lot.
  But and a lot of resorts sort of play like universals on site hotels have charged for pretty much.
  I think I've always charged for parking, but that was a perk of Disney's.
  If you stay on site at Disney, you park for free at the hotels.
  If you're staying at one little bone toss to the people who were paying for the far more expensive hotels that are on site.
  Yeah.
 So that's going away.
  That's going away.
 Now it's like forty dollars a night.
  Probably.
 I will say this.
  I didn't know they weren't charging people to park there.
  I had no idea.
  I haven't stayed.
 I stayed there like four years ago on site.
  I didn't realize I didn't have a car, though.
  So I don't know.
 I didn't know that.
 That is news to me.
  Didn't you just go with a car?  Well, we didn't.
 That was a whole thing.
 I didn't even get to that on the podcast episode.
  There was a whole debacle with budget rent a car.
  We had reservations at Be Our Guest restaurant.
  There's still more.
  We had reservations at 830.
 We were in the line at seven o'clock at the airport.
  I was like, guys, look, if we wait in this line, we're never getting to be our guest.
  I'm like, we got to abandon this rent a car.
  And I convinced the party I was to abandon the rent a car.
  He got the money back.
 Don't worry.
  I was.
  Yeah, Jason was.
 He was sweating, gripping the microphone.
  What's the end of this story?  Like a plane going down.
  Did budget rent a car? Were they also going to make you eat a seven course meal?  It's in the trunk.
  Cranberry sauce and gravy.
  I would have done it to get to Be Our Guest.
 I would have eaten two meals.
  So how did you get on proper? Did you take a lift?  We had to take a lift.
 We took an 80 dollar lift ride to the hotel and then to the Magic Kingdom.
  And I had to look into parking at the Contemporary because I was wondering if before we could have rented a car and parked at the Contemporary.
  But they do track you.
 They do check.
  So they give you three.
 You'd have to be eating at the Contemporary to park there if you weren't staying there.
  So they're already becoming very restrictive on parking at their hotels as it is.
  This is what we do for fun is do do this in life and then talk about it later.
  At you.
  Yeah.
 We enjoy getting around parking fees.
  So in that regard, I'm not for this.
 Well, I don't know.
  Hey, I'm not for people getting charged for these hotels, but if it gives us all a chance to try to game the system.
  Yeah.
  One of our favorite activities.
  Right.
  Harmlessly.
 Harmlessly.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Because we're not bad boys.
  Good boy.
  I will say.
  Just trying to get a value.
  I was a bad boy, because so what would happen is since we were taking lifts at Disney World, you would have to get dropped off.
  So like at Hollywood Studios, it's very easy to get dropped off.
  They have a section for ride share.
  Yeah.
 But for instance, Magic Kingdom, they want to make you go to Ticken Transportation Center, take a monorail, and that's going to take a while.
  What you can do is you can go up to the front of the Contemporary.
  They go, what are you doing here?  And then you go like, oh, I'm going to eat here.
  And they go, all right.
  But they're suspicious of you.
 And they should be because you're not eating there.
  You're just going to get let out of Contemporary and walk over to the Magic Kingdom.
  This happened to me at the Grand Californian.
  We took a lift because the lift drop off is very far away from where we're going at Disneyland.
  And so we took a lift to the Grand Californian.
  Very, very weird and stern and suspicious.
  And like, oh, yeah, we're going to a restaurant.
  Oh, yeah.
 Which restaurant?  Wet Water Snacks, my man.
  Yeah, that would have been.
 Now I know.
  Now I know that's the end because I said, did I say this on all on the podcast already at some point?  I said the Napa Rose and they said, nice try.
  Napa Rose opens at 11.
 Ta ta.
  It was like it was this it was this very like, no, not ta ta.
  That was the attitude is very it was very ta ta.
  Yeah, it was.
 It was just kind of like shut you down.
  Found a hole in your life.
  It was this very like snooty movie villain, the guy who then you like hit on the head with a club  and drag him somewhere and put on his clothes and then march into the lair or whatever.
  I mean, that'll be interesting.
  Scott is now working the gate at the Grand Californian.
  And I got stuck with it and I just liked the job and the uniform and I stayed.
  That'll be interesting.
  Like when that four diamond or whatever the really fancy hotel opens at Disneyland  because like there's an expected level of service at that quality of like high, high end hotel.
  And like you have to weigh that you have to balance that out with that Disney.
  Like you pay your ticket, everything above board sort of thing.
  Now, there's also a lot of con man maniacs out there who are trying to pull real cons on them.
  So I get their suspicion.
  You don't consider us con men maniacs, though.
  No, I don't think because like also like savvy pass holders.
  Yeah.
 And it's goers, park goers.
  Yeah.
 I mean, who cares?  Like, yeah, it's it's yeah, very savvy stuff.
  It's too much of this thing going.
  I couldn't believe that level of judgment.
  I thought this was the be our guest culture.
  How could this Disney man be so mean to us?  They've gotten yelled at by some meaner person probably of like we can't have this lifts dropping people off here all day.
  So they're scared or they've been hardened by a system.
  Yeah.
  And then there's a lot to deal with.
  That's also like when high level executives go to Disneyland, they just valet for free at the Grand California and walk into the parks or escorted.
  So they never.
 Yeah, they never have to go on the tram.
  They never have to.
  So, yeah, if you're running late once and you want to valet and you can pay and valet at like contemporary or Grand California out here.
  But if you're just going to try to go park quickly, like you have to do the old the old restaurant fib.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I mean, I think that's a good point that you made earlier, Mike, of like you didn't realize that they were not charging people like.
  And I think that is probably partly of their justification is like if people are buying big packages in Florida and paying for everything else or every other resort fee and stuff like they probably won't notice this sort of thing.
  Yeah, I mean, they are.
  Look, I there's no better way.
  They are going to suck all the money they can out of you.
  So it does.
 It's like, yeah, if I'm if I'm giving you my opinion on it, it does suck.
  It's bad.
 I think it's shitty.
  I mean, I think it's shitty that the two that like getting rid of the like the free the soaps and stuff like, oh, that's a different soap to the shower.
  This is a whole nother topic.
 And this is something you were very upset with.
  I don't know if you've talked about the Scottish looks confused.
  The toiletry like some of the Disney hotels are like rather than like the single serve travel toiletries would get in a hotel room there.
  And this is a thing at like kind of more budget hotels, right?  Budget hotels or like pod hotel or ace hotel.
  Like there's a thing called Ace Hotel's like sort of you just there's just like giant bottles of soap, shampoo, conditioner, a fixed bolted to the wall.
  And then housekeeping just refills those every time.
  Now it is more environmentally conscious.
  But for Disney, that's one less free souvenir.
  That's one little perk.
  I mean, a lot of people, this isn't just a weird thing.
  There's a huge especially.
  And I would on occasion you bring back a little the Mickey the shampoo with Mickey's head on it.
  But Jason will come back stocked up for like six.
  Oh, yeah.
 With shampoo and soaps and then like a couple.
  I love it.
 They got that.
  They got that to.
 Oh, that's a great brand.
 It's a high end.
  I know when I was at a hotel, are you using like the moisturizer or the other, you know, the third cream shampoo conditioner and then the foot rub cream.
  I don't know.
 I have a gentleman.
  I'm not usually using, you know, extra shower gel or whatever.
  But in a hotel, I'll treat myself.
  Well, Jason's still using some of that cream from one of his visits in 1994.
  Yeah, he's been doing that.
  Yeah, it's got Bill Clinton waving on it.
  Yeah, Mickey and Bill was the part time promotion.
  I think that you're going to be really sad when they start bolting the bath towels to the wall.
  Yeah, you know, they'll need to.
  Yeah.
  Or the bathrobe that you steal out of the room.
  Yeah, they just have a there's a cord attached to the bathrobe that you won't be able to leave with it.
  Your tether.
 You can go anywhere in the room, perhaps to the balcony.
  But it'll snap you back if you try to jump.
  Yeah, right.
 You're trying to jump in a bathrobe.
  That's good, too, if you have suicidal thoughts.
  So they're helping.
 Yeah, they're curbing the death rate with that robe leash.
  Sure.
  But yeah, I mean, I have to.
  I think it's a little bit of like bleeding people dry.
  I feel like when I was growing up, like it was Disney was trying to get like as many people as possible to the parks.
  And now that they've done that for a few generations, they're like,  this might be stretching our infrastructure a little bit.
  What if we got less people, but they spent more money?  That that is what a lot of places are doing, too.
  It's just like, well, we have some customers instead of making more customers.
  Let's just believe the ones we have dry.
  And there's the assumption maybe, you know, like when Michael Eisner took over the company in the early 80s,  I think it was maybe the only time in Disney's history that it was in question whether like, will this keep going?  If there was ever going to be a time that Disney stopped, it was then.
  And now I think there was probably it was because the whole Eisner run was about keeping Disney relevant for teens and new sets of kids.
  And now I think there's been a few generations and the existing fans will make their children existing fans.
  Yes.
 And so like I think the cycle will will never end.
  And so they don't they don't need to do anybody any favors at this point.
  That's why we know we talked about on Videopolis how there was like a summer pass just to get teens into the right of the nightclub.
  They're not doing anything like that now.
 Absolutely not.
  And even in the 90s, like in Disneyland or even when I started when we started going, it was like you got in free on your birthday  and you could put the free ticket toward your annual pass.
 You could get an annual pass for like a hundred bucks.
  You get it for like one hundred and fifty bucks.
  And I feel and like when they started doing the annual pass, like monthly installments, like I X number of years ago when I started doing that,  like it wasn't that noticeable.
 It wasn't a ton like monthly payments.
  And you could get a pretty good one.
 The charge wasn't that the charge wasn't that big.
  But then the passes keep going up year over year.
 Yeah.
  And I understand part of that is because there's so many people and they want to like curb crowds.
  But it's not it's impossible because we're all fucking maniacs that will just like just drift through a sea of thousands just to go on Big Thunder Mountain for one one ride a night.
  But this chain does this dissuade you from coming? No, no.
  Well, then will if you made us walk through spikes to get in here, we do it.
 We need it.
  But I've said this, too, with the price increases on all these things, the annual pass with this parking, if they were if they had the last 10 years been like every summer,  there was a giant new land or ride or crazy thing.
  And then they were also like we're paying everyone fifteen dollars to work here like a living wage.
  I would go, OK, I'm paying a ton and keep paying more.
  But all the employees are making a lot of money or at least a good amount as much as in and out burger employees are making.
  And well, there's an awesome new thing every year.
 Oh, yeah.
  So like that is not that is not happening.
  Now, it looks like we're you know, we're getting Star Wars land.
  We'll get this Marvel thing, which we're going to talk about maybe in a second.
  And of course, Florida's building, you know, finally like new rides in places and they keep opening, you know, temporary warehouses with frozen singalongs.
  There's been a lot of good quickly jammed together ways to get it going in the park.
 Stuff to save every dollar.
  So you can fight the unions on very small cost of living increases.
 Right.
  So so look, look, we have to if we're weighing in, if we're ruling, it sucks.
 It sucks.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 The lack of free parking is bad.
  I mean, the excuse they're using is like, oh, every other resort in Florida charges.
  But it's like, yeah, but you're also not every other resort.
 Yeah.
  The top of the mountain.
 Come on.
 Do you guys realize that this is this is changed in the recent past in Las Vegas as well that it was kind of a given that there was free parking for casinos and that is now gone.
  Atlantic City.
 It kind of goes back and forth to like when stuff is slow.
  And that's a lot more seasonable, a seasonal that resort town in the winter.
 The parking is really low.
  But in the summer, when people like when also go to the want to go to the casino, but also want to go to the beach, the beach side casinos like really raise their parking.
  It is.
 I think it's just with the the Vegas thing.
  And I don't I don't think I've been since they started charging for parking.
  But it's a it hurts morale.
 Definitely.
 Like, you know, like you're spending a lot of money and you're aware how much money you're spending.
  And it is a nice little thing like, oh, I can pop over to Mandalay Bay or whatever and and stop into the Luxor and not not have to stop at that gate.
  And yeah, it's just another little little thing that makes it more irritating to go to these places.
  Will I stop going to Vegas? No.
 No.
 I'm going to Disney World.
  No, as long as they keep offering idiocy and treats.
 I'm I'm there and treats.
  Yeah.
 So why wouldn't they here? I'm just volunteering myself.
  Like, yeah, we're all we'll complain about these parking fees on a podcast for three minutes.
  But but we are right.
 I'm still going to go.
 Yeah.
 I mean, nothing will stop you from going.
  That's yeah.
 Unfortunately, that's the problem here.
 Yeah.
  So they keep parking free at my apartment.
 That doesn't change.
 I guess I'm paying for it.
 I think I'm probably.
  Yeah.
 This is not like, yeah, yeah.
 That's that showing there's not like a little like a thing that you write like a separate check you write every month.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Parking.
 So so Michael and Michael's mother.
  We hope that answers your question.
 And what do you what do you guys think?  Michael and Michael's mother, I'm saying they like pro capitalism.
  They like it.
 Maybe they were.
 Yeah.
 They were talking about this on the Disney dish podcast.
  Jim and Len mentioned this pretty quickly.
 The one thing that they did not mention, though, is like, I think, like my my dad, when we go down the floor, he likes to have the car.
  Especially we're going between like Universal and Disney and stuff.
 He likes to have that option.
  Or if we want to eat somewhere else, it made the younger the millennial generation, my solution would just be like, I'm not going to have a car down there.
  I'll just take a lift or a mere shuttle because mirrors just has a super shuttle and their transport companies have a monopoly in Orlando.
  That said, it's only sixteen dollars to take a super shuttle to Universal from the airport.
  We know these prices offhand.
 I was there.
 I was only there like six months ago.
  That's not too long to retain.
 We know.
 But yeah, take you know, take a shuttle.
  We took we figured out exactly how much the lift cost versus how much we would have paid with the budget.
  And it isn't a ton more if you're mostly doing Disney and like then because once you're on property Disney, then you can just do the buses.
  You can do all the on site, which are free for now, which are free for now.
 Very important.
 Until that becomes a weird thing.
  We're going to start to have to we're going to pay Disney bus fare.
  We're going to have like stamp cards and they'll let us for not having exact change.
  There is going to be a fleet of autonomous cars that are like the minivan because now we're getting into a whole nother style.
  But there's minivans.
 They have like lifts now that are like polka dotted that are super expensive.
  Right.
 I would guess I think it's a flat.
 What?  Maybe going up to for wherever you go on site, where within the.
 Yeah.
  So it's not easy.
 And they'll also drop you off right at the park entrance.
 They have exclusive.
  They can get you.
 They can get you real close.
  You don't have to lie to no contemporary gate guard.
 Yeah.
  You're also paying the premium for like the decoration of the cars and stuff.
  Oh, yeah.
 You're paying a bow tax.
 I would pay an extra 20 if Minnie was driving.
  Well, you know, my history with many, too.
 So I guess that well, sure.
  Yeah.
 Your second family that you have in Florida.
 Yeah.
  This is a transactional relationship.
 You cannot be getting up to anything in that.
  Sorry.
 Mind if I sit in the front window goes up the Viter.
 Yeah.
  But as we've proved in the past, we could talk about transportation options, options all the live long day.
  Evidently.
 But in theory, on some level, this is a comedic entertainment podcast.
  That's what we started out thinking it was.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But as we warned from episode one, you'll be amazed how dry we can get.
 That's true.
  Do we have dry thoughts or or entertaining thoughts about the the recent Marvel announcements?  I probably mostly dry.
 But yeah, yeah.
 Good.
  So, yeah, they announced Marvel, they announced Marvel superheroes that are they're going to be land at Paris in Hong Kong and finally Disneyland and Jason and I.
  California adventure.
 Yeah, specifically.
 Replacing a Bugsland.
  Yes.
 And I think part of Hollywoodland, but they haven't really quite said that yet.
  OK.
 But we'll see.
 It's opening in phases.
 It's open.
 It's it's in the Studios Park, right? In Paris.
 Am I wrong?  Yeah.
 And then it's in just Hong Kong, Disney proper in tomorrow around.
 There is no second gate.
 Yeah.
 So.
 Right.
  So as Jason and I, as the podcast listeners know, are Marvel boys, we're big boys.
  We're I'm very excited.
 I've been waiting for this forever for them to finally announce this because they just built Guardians of the Galaxy and she's been sitting awkwardly in that area over next to Bugsland and in the middle of Hollywoodland.
  Yeah.
 I mean, we're going from old timey Hollywood with trolleys and stuff.
 And suddenly now there's a bunch of Tannoy.
 There was a big inventors lab.
  Tannoy or Tavon collectors fortress has just appeared.
  And then right next to a bunch of rides that look like ladybugs and grasshoppers doesn't make any sense.
  Infuriating.
 Yeah.
 Certainly deeply distracts from me drinking two glasses of wine and walking around and then going.
  Yeah.
 Did we talk to on the podcast about what that when we ran into that woman who was so curious about like seemingly drunk.
  I think she was drunk.
 Yeah.
 So we were it was probably like a year ago.
 So they were building.
 They were changing over.
 I don't think Jason.
 No, Jason was not there.
  It was just you and I think it was somewhere.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Our significant others were somewhere else.
  Okay.
 Get lost getting a nice break.
 Can we just go.
 They didn't speak to each other.
 We just go be quiet somewhere.
 They sat in silence.
  They were talking about the prices of super shuttles and I just they hugged out of consolation and then came back.
  The crisis shelter.
 It's been 35 minutes.
 I guess we must return.
  This was someone very upset about.
 So the construction we were freedom to go meet some ladies in their absence.
  Why did we we walked up because I said I want to look at the building because the building had they were changing the tower of terror and the guardians and it was like they had taken the blanket off the top of it.
  They take the whatever you call it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So I was just staring at this crazy thing which I like the look of it even though it's insane looking and this woman pushing a stroller.
  Am I wrong or no.
 She was with her daughter.
 I was pushing a stroll.
  That is a common sight in California adventure.
 Someone pushing a stroller hammered joke of wine.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like a tower of your woman pushing a baby in a stroller and men.
 Oh yeah that's true.
 Sure.
 Everyone can be drunk hammered out Orange County citizens all parents can be drunk.
  And we were both like staring at it and she just comes right up to us and is just like ranting just straight to like I can you even can you.
  I oh I can't look.
 I can you.
 I can't.
 I can you.
 I cannot.
 Her daughter was like trying to get her away from us.
  I remember like she was so embarrassed and we were like yeah I don't know.
 Hopefully it's good or whatever.
 We're trying to cheer up.
  We're trying to.
 Yeah.
 Like you know it's OK.
 There's still one in Florida that's better you know doing all the talking points all the Tony Baxter talking points.
  And like I feel my memory of it was that for five minutes she would not leave.
 I think she left and came back even.
 Yeah.
  She had like she was like and another thing and they they're gonna do this in the middle.
 This is Hollywood land and she had another.
  And then I'm trying to remember she she she was clearly somebody who hated any kind of change because I think she was cranky about a different ride.
  I think she said if they do anything to Monsters Inc.
 And you're like yeah which is a ride that everyone is like fine but it was formerly Superstar limo off in a corner.
  You know you forget about it.
 And I really it was already like a quick beer fill in this bad.
  So you're experiencing this and your reactions are I wish Spider-Man would swing in and rescue me.
  Yes.
 Oh yeah.
 Thanks buddy.
 He shoots the web at her mouth.
 She can't talk.
  Well he does that all the time.
 Yeah.
 That's a joke in every Spider-Man.
  He does the men and women.
 There's nothing bad about that.
 And then he like shoots her feet and she like gets pulled up and she's just hanging there for a while.
 He's like well let the cops deal with her.
  Hey whenever there's theme park nerds who are frustrated with a different type of theme park nerd who doesn't share their precise opinion.
  I'm there.
 And he shoots a glass of wine into Scott's hand with a webbing.
 Thanks Spidey.
  No problem swings off into the night screaming about Uncle Ben Spider-Man walk around in the new Marvel lands just have breakdowns about Uncle Ben.
  I think you can trigger him if you know the secret word like when the others when you could tell the Toy Story toys.
  Andy's coming and they would fall on the ground.
 You know I'm talking about.
 Yeah.
 This was this true ever.
  That's kind of pictures of them on the ground.
 I see pictures of them.
 Yeah there's and it became urban legend.
 That was just heat exhaustion.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  They were very sick.
 Someone should have helped them was a 12 hour shift.
 They made six dollars an hour.
 So people were we say people are there's people who are mad about the kind looks choo choo train going away.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well we'll do proper eulogies.
 Yeah.
 All of these attractions and have Mitch on to mourn them.
  I bet Mitch loves time looks to train.
 So they released these posters these little these little pieces of like I guess concept art or what the land will look like.
  And does everybody.
 I'm not sure if everyone listening knows what they are exactly or what the what the extent of the Marvel area is going to be.
 Right.
  I mean we know that there's I don't want to interrupt your flow.
 We know there's we know there's an Avengers attraction.
 We know there's a Spider-Man attraction and probably probably they haven't officially announced those.
  OK.
 No that's from the rumor blogs.
 We know there's an Ant-Man movie thing and going into Paris.
 We don't know if that's officially and that's kind of looks like people having the concept art like guns.
  Paris or Hong Kong.
 I don't think that's going to.
 I think I think there's a there's a.
 So we're not sure.
 So they already have a they already have.
 Don't be mad at us.
  They already have a Hong Kong Iron Man ride which is just star tours with Iron Man.
 So I think maybe that gets cloned somewhere but they haven't like fully announced the whole roster of what's coming.
  Yeah.
 The rumor out here is there might be a Spider-Man ride possibly a big Avengers coaster.
 Hopefully yeah hopefully many rides but they've just for this particular announcement they just really release these three images and we'll post these on here.
  And on each on the bottom of each poster before we get into ride speculation on the bottom of each poster there's a phrase that they they use and there's a kid in front of like there's a bunch of kids on the posters and it says recruitment begins.
  Yeah.
 Which is I mean I get it.
 They're going for like you little kid.
 You could be recruited to join the Avengers.
 But what I think it seems to me and it's like hey join the military.
  Yeah.
 And this is this is a thing that I've had like been thinking about a lot lately as like Infinity War comes out soon or depending on when this is released comes out immediately.
  That first wave of Marvel films where like shield is in every other scene are so like militarized.
 There's a lot of military stuff and folks if you don't know how Hollywood works the U.
S.
 military spends a lot of money and resources lending out like equipment and locations.
  And you're going all the way and saying the U.
S.
 military is funding the Marvel and I know not funding but like if you have a military angle in your movie and all right.
  And it and you make the military look good.
 They'll give you a lot of material support.
 I hear what you're saying.
 Yeah.
 So I make a movie will they.
 They might.
 Yeah.
  Depending.
 I mean if someone salutes a flag in your movie or like someone picks up a bruised flag and raises like the end of San Andreas as they're raising a flag over a destroyed Golden Gate Bridge.
  The flags are shown respect.
 Craig Healy goes into the military.
 I think you get some money.
 Oh man.
 Oh yeah.
 Complicated in the army in the army.
 A hundred million dollar budget.
 Yeah.
 Check out my thing.
 Complicated on view.
  Dot com or not my thing.
 I have nothing to do with it.
 Right.
 I hope you dot com.
 I'm just a fan.
 So a lot of this in the movies and it kind of goes back and forth in the comics.
 Yeah.
 After 9 11 a lot of military stuff in the comics.
  After Watergate less brah brah USA stuff in the comics and the Avengers alternately are like work for the American government work for the United Nations are just kind of on their own.
  It is it is like and I'm not even trying to like make a point or anything about the military.
 I just think it's interesting that like there's like if you look at the pictures here and it's like a big Avengers logo and shield and like it very much to me other than like maybe this picture in the back of like the guardians thing.
  It looks very cold and industrial like hey kids aren't you don't you want to live in your favorite Marvel comic.
 Yeah.
 Well what do you want to do.
 Do you want to go look at shield headquarters and look at sonar.
 What do you want to do.
 Like that's like one of the last things that I want to do.
  I want to go have lunch with Jarvis at Avengers mansion.
 I want to dine with Dr.
 Strange and like a different dimension and it's like but instead or you could ride with one of the Avengers in the brand new Chevy Volt the brand new 2019 Chevy Volt in that one like one scene.
  You know your one scene from the movie.
 Yes we all remember the one scene with the Chevy Volt.
 I mean they got to pick a vehicle so they got a big video.
 Yeah that's also that's a different kind of material support is like I forget which one one of the Captain America's.
  I was like did Mercedes Benz pay for this move because there were so many shots of like the military like SUVs pulling up in front of the camera SUVs.
  We were down there last year at Disneyland was the summer of heroes the great summer of heroes when they were opening the Guardians right in the Guardians right which we both we all we all like you like in theory you have not been on the videos I've watched it seems like a lot of fun like fun.
  The songs you like those songs sure and Jason I have been on it and like it.
 Everything else at the summer of heroes bit of a dud a little weird.
 Yeah had a lot of the trademarks of superheroes in theme parks which is like guitar heavy rock music and also ATV vehicles like superheroes on.
  They would do a ceremony where the where Black Widow would come out like once once an hour and all of a sudden it would be this like crazy like intense turn turn turn and then like on a like an SUV.
  Black Widow like sternly standing would drive down the street in this armored vehicle and you're like Jesus Christ this isn't fun like what kid is like oh great.
 Yeah Scarlet Scarlet which Black Widow was coming to kill us.
 Scarlet Witch.
  That's a different character.
 Okay you didn't get confused no no no Scarlet is in that is probably what my brain was doing but Scarlet which is a different character Elizabeth Olsen in the movies I see this is where I'm just going radio silent for all these Marvel things I don't know whatever the rides are I'll show up I'll go on them I'm not going to understand them like that like that Transformers ride which I will never like if I if I studied if I had to take a test about that ride I would I'd get 10 percent but you know what.
  You go on and it shakes you around I'm fine I don't know whatever look do you know the name of the vehicle you sit in on the transformer ride.
  Come on.
 Vehicles not the all spark.
 No the all spark is the all spark.
 The vehicles are the vehicles are the vehicles are the characters.
 Hell yeah Jason knows the name.
 I'm going to know it once you say it but you you're they keep referring to you as a character.
  Yeah you are a character.
 It's not mud flap or skids scoops.
 No the vehicle is original.
 What accent does my vehicle speak.
 What's the what's the stereotype.
 He's a pizza chef he's an Italian pizza chef.
 Yeah the vehicle is an original creation for the ride named Evac.
 Evac.
  Okay that doesn't sound familiar to you.
 No it doesn't.
 That's how much my my brain does not retain any information about that right.
 Evac talks a lot to the general played by that great character actor whose name escapes me right now.
 We don't know the actor's name but we know Evac's name.
 Yeah that's important.
  Yeah I mean I'm excited to see what all this Marvel stuff is.
 In addition to being Marvel boys Mike and I are the exact right age for to be like X-Men boys like X-Men fans.
 We grew up in the 90s with the cartoon show with the arcade cabinet the height of like Marvel trading cards too and hopefully with this 21st century Fox deal there's a little bit of X-Men rehab because they're kind of  like sure all over the map the movies and TV shows and stuff.
 I just think we're gonna have to wait.
 Yeah but like we have to wait for third park in 2031.
 There's like a dozen X-Men rides that would be great fighting the Sentinels in the danger room in the Xavier school.
  Like that's what we want.
 I just think if I was putting together the whole thing like I would have been there is a picture if you can see there is Dr.
 Strange's of course his trademark home.
 Scott of course knows it.
 The Sanctum Sanctorum.
 Yeah yeah yeah.
  Yeah I said exactly what you said.
 Yeah there is a little picture of it but like if it was like him and like he was like on a giant dragon and he was like come on in or something like that to me is like fun let's do it versus these posters that are very a little cold for me.
  A little yeah without joy.
 Have I officially said on the podcast also that I don't see any of these.
 I'm skipping the entire genre.
 You've seen a couple pieces of a couple.
 I saw Iron Man 1 and Avengers and I found Avengers so insufferably boring and confusing and why are there five acts in this movie.
  It is long.
 I'm skipping all of it and just sheer money I've saved economics to now because I feel like people joylessly go see I mean you love some of them.
 You know some of them you go see opening night as expensive as it can be and at the highest quality it can be.
  City walk IMAX.
 Exactly.
 You essentially pay a utility bill to go up and see the piece.
 And then don't have a good time.
 I always have a good time.
 Look you got a Margaritaville you have one of the hot hot hot.
  Margaritas there or you do what I do which I've done with you guys which is do that part and then leave.
 That's the best thing that could ever occur.
 I think though I would pass a lie detector like did you have a good time and I would have passed it every time.
 Yeah I think so.
 Yeah I have a lot of fun and we usually get a big group together and that's fun and it becomes a thing.
 And even in like the worst of the movies you know the third act starts and you know Thor's hitting somebody with a hammer and I'm like oh that's pretty good.
 Maybe there's some story problems.
  But whatever.
 Sure.
 Now that being said but the opinion that I stick to is that the rides I'm old.
 I don't want to see any of these movies.
 I want every ride there could possibly be.
 Yes.
 Yeah I think I mean we're all on the same page.
 I think like if it's a property and it has a lot of money that's great.
  That's all we really care about.
 It could be a show we've never heard of or seen.
 And as long as they're gonna put a lot of money and thought into it great.
 We're happy to go on it and we'll become fans.
 Yeah.
 You know like Avatar.
  like Avatar.
 Yeah, yeah sure.
 We made it work.
 Yeah, we forced ourselves.
 You rode the  Mighty Akron.
 I love the Mighty Akron.
 So yeah, so Marvel, we're excited.
 It's coming in 2020,  but it says like opening in phases, which has me worried that we're not getting any new rides for  a while.
 Yeah, maybe not.
 Opening in phases.
 Nothing happening in tomorrow.
 It's like, well,  you know, you're not going to get a new ride, but if you want to wait in a long line to put your  name down to be recruited, you can.
 Yeah.
 Who here likes limited run food options? Who here likes,  what do we have, a Sinman roll that looked like the Incredible Hulk? We split some crazy donut once.
  Oh yeah, we ate an Incredible Hulk donut.
 It was a Captain America Apple Pie donut.
 Oh, I think  that's right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, we waited four hours for the Guardians ride.
 A Rice Krispie square  with frosting that looks like the Iron Man mask that is like not related to the Krispie square at  all.
 And in fact, just breaks off with the first bite and shatters falls to the floor.
 We're going  to have a lot of fondant based experiences until the attractions actually open.
 Wait, what? It's  fondant.
 What's fondant? Fondant is like the stuff they use on like the crazy cake shows.
 Fondant is  fondant.
 It's like sugar stuff that you can mold.
 Oh, I love that.
 Sometimes it doesn't have any  flavor.
 Like it's sometimes just very sugary and it's more for the decoration.
 Yes, an artistic  implement that is technically edible, but also probably chalky and not great.
 I always get rainbow  sprinkles and I think it's just because it's visual.
 Like there's not individual flavors on  those rainbow sprinkles.
 It's fooling me.
 Yeah.
 Oh, but you feel mentally like you can taste the  difference between a red and blue sprinkle.
 I don't even think I can.
 I just think that  aesthetically when I'm looking at it, it pleases me so much that I have to get them rainbow.
  Like if it's sometimes they'll do like a limited edition, like it'll just be like Christmas,  like red and green sprinkles.
 I don't quite enjoy the cone as much unless I have.
 Thank you.
  Well, I find Mike's, sometimes Mike's energy about rainbow sprinkles is infectious.
 And I'm like,  yeah, he's right.
 For all that talk about me being like the treat treat king of the podcast.
  Uh, I have a couple of treat indulgences.
 It's the candy at the movie theater and it's rainbow  sprinkles.
 I don't know why, although I'll tell you this, a two colored rainbow sprinkle approach  that I'd like is Halloween when they have purple and orange, my two favorite colors.
  That's a hell of a combination of two colors.
 Yes.
 But you don't care for red and green.
 Yeah.
  It doesn't do much for me.
 Yeah.
 They're very stuffy colors, you know, stodgy.
 They're my  parents' colors, purple and orange.
 Now those are fun.
 Those are exciting.
 I wanted to paint my room  those colors when I was a child.
 Did you? No, I wasn't.
 You just moved.
 You could do it today.
  I could do it today.
 Live it up.
 I'm not going to though.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, actually that's not a good,  yeah.
 Uh, that wouldn't be a good vibe for a room, but to eat it and it's gone immediately.
 Hey,  I've got an idea.
 You're going to, you know, in the meantime, before the rides are open,  we're sending these characters around.
 Why not? I want them to, I want their costumes and uniforms  to be made of fondant so I can walk up to Captain America or Thor and take a bite out of his helmet.
  They're a walking treat delivery mechanism.
 Yeah, that's good.
 I would, yeah, I'd like to take a  bite out of Agent Coulson's suit.
 Yeah.
 Clark Gregg's famous shield character's suit.
 That's  an interesting point.
 Well, there, will there be shield face characters in this land, which is just  people in suits and aviator glasses? I think there will be.
 I think there'll be escorting  the superheroes around.
 They're secret shoppers.
 They're like, they're actual armed security guards  in the park.
 Oh, sure.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 So you will, yeah, the secret police are shield agents.
 So if  you go, so in California adventure, there is no Disney jail.
 It's shield.
 You'll get thrown a  shield like jail.
 So what's the, uh, what's the prison out in the ocean? The Triskelion, the  Triskelion.
 No, wait, no, no, no, that's the, that's the shield headquarters.
 Jason, come on.
 Oh,  sorry.
 Yeah.
 That's shield headquarters.
 It's called like, um, it was in civil war or something  or like, let me Google jail from civil war.
 It does come up a lot of the vault.
 No, what is it?  It's like something like the vault or something.
 It's something lame.
 I feel like, wow, look what  I'm missing out on the raft, the raft, the raft.
 It's the jail where they, they put super villains  in like the middle of the ocean.
 So if they get out, there's just water everywhere.
 So they can't  get away.
 So you get to go there now.
 If you dump a soda on Daisy or something.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You get  thrown in the raft, which is in the middle of, uh, the, the, uh, the, uh, to the paradise pier.
  Yes.
 That's what I was going for.
 Thank you.
 I like, yeah.
 Big scary Lake jail.
 Yeah.
 Ooh.
  All right.
 Yeah.
 Lake jail ride would be fun.
 Yeah.
 Or, or real, just a real,  somewhere where you go in there, where you got to like get somebody out or something.
  It says, we shouldn't break out.
 We got to bust somebody.
 We got to bust, uh, uh, agent, uh,  Kobe smolders out.
 What's, uh, what's her name? I can't think of her character name either.
 Maria  Hill.
 Maria Hill.
 We got to bust Maria Hill out of here guys.
 We know all of these actual answers,  but we like audience participation.
 We like the listener to be shouting the answer to us.
 Yeah.
  We're like leaving a space.
 Like we leave a space for a laugh or something.
 Right.
 Right.
  So of course we know all these things, but yell the answers and then we'll say them right when  you get it.
 It's Friday morning in the car and someone's screaming Maria Hill.
 Yeah.
  I swear to God, I will unsubscribe one of these days.
 Damn it.
 Uh, but you won't.
 You'll keep  coming back just like all these, uh, just like us Disneyland people paying for parking.
 Yeah, please.
  All right.
 Well, you want to talk about, here's the, here's the segue.
 This is amazing.
 This is  the latest big, uh, Marvel's the latest big expansion coming to Disneyland.
 But the,  what I would say is the first major multi-attraction expansion.
 I would agree with that.
 In the park's  history, 1959, we get the submarine voyage, we get the monorail and we get the Matterhorn  bobsleds.
 Right.
 Three e-tickets at once.
 Yeah.
 I believe.
 I were.
 Necessitated the terminology.
  Is that.
 Yeah.
 Uh, like they, there was not an e-ticket.
 Right.
 Up until that point.
 And then  they retroactively converted things to be, uh, uh, existing rides to become e-tickets.
 But yeah,  they invented a category.
 An original bleeding people dry move to convert older rides to e-tickets.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Um, so, uh, yeah, this was, this was, this was a big deal.
 And I realized the, uh,  this is the oldest attraction that we've talked about so far because we have not done any opening day  1955 attractions.
 I feel like we are so eighties, nineties skewing to where it's, it's like,  yeah, skip Mr.
 Toad, skip, uh, the castle, skip, uh, uh, where there are lasers in it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Like where is there an 80? Like was there an embarrassing use of a band or an actor? Uh-huh.
  Yeah.
 We got that.
 We're getting to food rocks so far ahead of Snow White's scary adventures.
  Sure.
 Um, it shows where our leanings are, but Hey, the Matterhorn is a classic that has,  yeah, uh, survived the, uh, yeah, it's a, I feel like one of the, one of the primary parts of the  Disneyland experience.
 Sure.
 Striking, uh, visual when you come down to main, down main street,  you see a castle straight ahead of you.
 You see this Swiss mountain, uh, to the right, uh,  and exclusive to Disneyland.
 They never built the Matterhorn anywhere else.
 Expedition Everest,  kind of a spiritual sequel.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Matterhorn five.
 But now there were attempts  because there was, there was always talk of it going into a Swiss pavilion at world showcase.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 And, uh, and talk of also of a similar idea, but not exactly the same of Mount Fuji in  Japan, um, which fell apart.
 With a Japanese bullet train kind of coaster ride.
 Yes.
 Oh,  would it have been a, uh, I don't know much more about the plan.
 I think theme too, like,  because train travel is such an important part of modern Japanese culture.
 It would have had an  element that is so constantly is so not trustworthy.
 Well, I don't know that the green's down.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Uh, uh, but there was going to be, it was, it was going to be sponsored by  Fuji film, but there was already a competing contract with Kodak, uh, in our beloved journey  into imagination.
 So, yeah, yeah.
 So it couldn't be two types of film.
 Thus Mount Fuji fell apart.
  Uh, I also saw a rumor, I don't know how trustworthy it is that they wanted to try to do this at,  uh, Disney MGM studios and that it would, it would be justified as a film set.
 Oh, really?  Best way to water down and ruin any fun attraction.
 Uh, um, I, yeah, I don't know.
 I saw that,  and that was not super sourced, but, uh, right.
 So it is a rumor.
 So you want to talk eighties,  nineties stuff blank is a film set is like the ultimate justification or ultimate back story.
  Yeah.
 The vast majority of rides built in the eighties and nineties.
 And ET of course,  the first incarnation was you're on the set of ET too.
 Yes.
 Which they bailed on.
 Right.
 Cause it's,  it is a bad, it's bad.
 People want to be there.
 They don't want to be acting.
  Yeah.
 You want to live it.
 This idea that, well, I think this, this also has gone away with time  that like, what if you could be the star of a movie and we can all do this at home all the time.
  They do have like green screen being explained to us.
 I feel like children just instinctually  understand how keying works so they can start making videos at age eight at this point.
 So,  I mean, that's something to ram into with the original fantasy land rides is like,  Oh, you're going to see everything from the lead characters perspective.
 And then everyone's like,  we want to see the lead characters in these rides.
 We want to see Peter Pan.
 We want to see snow  white.
 Yeah.
 So like that fixes would be made over time.
 That's a, that's a pretty correct,  uh, instinct, I think.
 And, uh, although there seems to be disagreement in general about if,  is the little mermaid ride good or not, but I think it's pretty exciting when you turn the corner  and there's Ariel and then the second appearance of Ariel in the, under the sea set.
 Like those are,  and they're all good animatronics.
 I feel.
 And, um, yeah, I'm glad they started putting characters  in.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Cause I mean, toad is awesome, but like, yeah, you're not, there's not a,  I'd like to see toad in tow.
 That's true.
 We, I don't know toad well enough to be toad.
  Yeah.
 You, you are toad or you're riding with toad.
 You are toad.
  Just as exciting as get recruited, uh, with those Twitter claps in between those words.
  You are toad.
 Um, so also the first mountain.
 Hey, good point.
 The first Disney mountain,  which of course they would go on to brand mountains.
 Uh, I guess Everest then broke  from that tradition of there was space mountain, this big thunder mountain railroad.
 Uh, and the  other one that I'm forgetting, there's one more, right? Space mountain.
 Space.
 I said space.
 He  said space man wakes under, isn't there one more splash? Big thunder.
 Oh, splash.
 That's what I'm  at.
 Jeez.
 I'm losing my mind today.
 Uh, there was WrestleMania yesterday.
 So that's, oh yeah.
 Yeah.
  You're still, you're still coming.
 Reeling from it.
 Uh, yeah.
 So this was the original mountain,  but not called Matterhorn bobsled mountain, but it's the first mountain, the first part of the  Disneyland mountain range.
 I remember thinking that was cool as a kid, that there's multiple  mountains.
 Um, which I guess is anything there's, there is kind of like a big rocky peak in  star wars galaxies edge, but this is not, I consider it a part of the mountain range,  but is there a specific name to that thing? Oh, we don't know yet.
 What's the Batu, what is Batu's  mountain range name? Is it, is it just the Batu mountains or is it like a, what do they call  mountains on Batu? Glyph, I don't know.
 Glyph, or anything.
 Probably Glyph.
 Yeah.
 I know how  star wars names work there.
 I just, I just shit one out.
 Therm Scissor Punch.
 You might know what the mountain range is called.
 Oh yeah, this is the first podcast in the wake of the announcement of Therm Scissor Punch.
 Yes, I'd say we're in a post scissor punch era.
  AT after Therm.
 Yeah.
 What is, what is Therm, what character is Therm Scissor Punch? I don't know.
  Kind of like a crab looking man.
 He's a crab man, but I don't know that he's going to be any more important than  like Constable Zuvio, who was a character announced for force awakens and then was not in the movie,  but he had a toy.
 Um, and everybody was having, everyone had, we, I mean, I had Constable Zuvio  fever before the movie came out and then he wasn't in it, which was very disappointing.
 Yeah.
 It was a very funny name.
 We spent a lot of money on healthcare because before movies come out, we have all these  fevers.
 I mean, we got Thanos fever right now.
 Uh huh.
 That's true.
 Uh, got a fallen kingdom fever.
 I can feel it in my veins.
  I got, it's already out as we, as we, Elizabeth, I haven't gotten to see it and recover and recover from blocker fever.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 That's my own fault though.
 I've, I've could have gotten checked out for that the last three days since Friday night, but I haven't done it.
  And we all, and of course we've said another podcast, Jason always get, catches bicentennial fever.
 Uh huh.
 Is that after Bicentennial land?  You've never been cured.
 You all, you always want more viewings.
 Yeah.
 You never want to win a sequel.
 Um, uh, no, you, I think you were fond of the, the, you've stated you were fond of the 1976.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 1776.
 American adventure.
 I think that joke was from the American adventure.
 That's a, I'm calling back here.
 I'm doing my best.
 If you're a listener for a while, that's a, and you like that joke, let me know on Twitter.
 Is it a funny, uh, stereotype about Jason's? Yeah.
 I think it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a,  that he loves the bicentennial something to continue ripping him for how we have  nostalgia now for, uh, the hard rock park, which we've never been to.
 I have nostalgia for the bicentennial, which I was born, uh, nine years after.
  I believe actually I made that comment.
 Now they think about it on the splash mountain episode.
  You know, it's hard to remember exactly after you've been talking for hours, after you recorded hours and hours, it's hard to remember.
  I don't remember a single thing in any of these and I just hope I don't insert insults, uh, personal friends or, uh, entire swaths of people.
  I just hope I'm not being an offense.
 I guess I have.
 I do apologize to Nick Weiger in person.
 Oh, right.
  For, yeah.
 Uh, I did do a brief Weiger voice.
 I implied that he liked a bird show.
 He was, and I said, oh, you know, like I was talking to him about it.
  And I was like, ah, you know, we just, the voice, I'm sorry, man.
 He's like, oh, it's so, I won't do the voice here.
 I'm going to do.
  Oh, do the voice.
 No, no, no.
 I'm going to say this is how he said, he said, well, no, no, everything's fine.
  He said, uh, I'm just upset that you didn't like the bird show at medieval times.
  Our joke about him was proven correct that he did like the bird.
 He really, yeah.
 He was, he said he was just thrown off cause he was upset that I, I shit on the bird part of the medieval time show where like they send a bird around the arena.
  So if to track everybody's stereotypes within the world of this Nick Weiger friend of the pod loves birds and bird shows, Jason loves the bicentennial.
  Right.
 The thing that I have a lot of fondness for that I didn't get to experience is the 1984 Olympics.
 I was born right after that.
  It's a thing that gives me a lot of pride in Los Angeles.
 I feel like the vibe must've been really cool in LA and as exemplified by the music video, I love LA by Randy Newman in which the Matterhorn factors when he sings the lyric, look at those mountains, look at those trees.
  It cuts to the Matterhorn and it's that whole video for me.
 I like it gives it's that eighties vibe.
 It's that post.
 It's that Olympics era LA pride.
 Uh, I don't know.
 I feel like things are on the move on the grow and you got Disneyland in there too.
  Yeah.
 Uh, yeah.
 It's, it's great.
 The, and it made me fit when it cuts to that in the video, it makes me feel the way I felt as a kid going to Disneyland and seeing it on the freeway on the way.
 It's like the thing that lets you know you're, you're there.
  Uh, the first landmark, I guess at Disneyland, you could see from the, from the five freeway.
 Right.
 And the excitement you get like, oh, yes, this means we're here.
 There's the Matterhorn.
 Right.
 Uh, that's the, I think the Monorail goes by it in the video too.
 Yes.
 I think it's like, so you get both for your money there.
  And those things, those little moments are very exciting.
 The Matterhorn, uh, uh, you know, like all the, so many types of transportation go by the Matterhorn.
 You've got the, you've got the Monorail right there.
 The Alice ride is going back and forth, like the outdoor section of the Alice ride.
 And you used to have the Skyway going right through it.
  Yeah, that looked so cool.
 Like I wish I could have written that.
 I mean, I rode the Skyway a lot in Florida and I loved it as it was a form of transportation.
 I loved it.
 I wrote it in Florida and I was scared shitless.
 I felt I was going to slide out and fall.
  That's a very apparent, like reading about the Matterhorn and like I started reading about the Matterhorn and then went down a rabbit hole reading about the Skyway and accidentally started taking notes on the Skyway.
 And I went, oh no, we're doing Matterhorn episode.
 I don't need this.
  Oh, you had too much Skyway.
  I was like reading about the Skyway because that had like some, both of the, the Skyway, I feel like people are like, well, they shut that down because people died.
 No, they shut that down for like financial costs and some dipshit jumped out of it and tried to act like he fell out of it.
 And the case was dismissed.
 The Matterhorn, someone has died on.
 The Matterhorn was the cause of the first death in Disneyland in 1968.
  Number one, I'm not sure what the tally is at this point.
 Is it like, whenever Snopes last weighed in on this subject, it was nine and two of those were the Matterhorn.
  I think that's right.
 And like a lot of the earlier ones or and even one or two of the later ones resulted in like, oh, sorry.
 1964 was the accident that caused Disney's first fatality in 1984.
 Someone was, what is the word? Decapitated.
  What is the word? What's that word? And your head falls off.
  So, yeah, both of which, the story in both of them involves a lack of seat belts, seat belts, which you just hope is true and not something like when the accident happened, then some enter some Disney employee reached down, kind of like undid the thing.
  See, no seat belt, no seat belt.
 I mean, there was someone killed on the people.
 But there's a few of the deaths where like teen hops out and started doing a goof and then lost their life, which is incredibly morbid.
 And this also, I think that.
  Oh, sorry.
 Oh, I was going to say this touches on I think recently we have been talking about like some of the like lazy urban legends around Disney Park stuff and the my one of the most nails on the chalkboard for me is the one about like, well, you know, no one dies on the property.
  They always like fake it off proper.
 They they move the body and it's like, come on, like that takes 30 seconds on Snopes to find if that is true or not.
 And very quickly, it's like, no, that's not true.
  Also, there's usually a lot of witnesses.
 I don't know.
 I when I did the Universal tour, I was stuck outside of earthquake for an hour because there was a tram right in front of us that got stopped and we couldn't figure out for like half an hour what was going on.
  And then paramedics showed up and turned out a guy had a heart attack during the earthquake attraction.
 And we found out the next day that he died, but he died not on the site.
  And I always I don't want to go accusing my past employer or here we go.
 Future employer.
 But it certainly seemed a little odd to me that I guess so.
  Maybe that sounds like true, but yeah, health and safety like lockdown, get the paramedics in.
 Jason is really trusting.
  You're toeing the line.
 I don't know.
 I just think it's like people use it as like really lazy like party small talk.
  Well, if you're saying yeah.
 Hey, look, they're trying.
 They're at a party with you.
 They know you like Disney.
 They're trying to come up with something to tell you.
  They're trying to impress you, man.
 They don't all know, not like our listeners, they don't know about parking fees and this, you know, the genuine stuff.
  They shouldn't.
 But yeah, a lot.
 I guess a lot of the of the deaths are like somebody was horsing around or something and an accident happened.
  I will say that I believe someone was jumping from people mover to people mover and then accident happened once.
  But I was speaking with Bug Main about this and he said the pod entity known as Bug.
 Yeah, he said he used to do that.
  Why? That was a thing he used to do is jump from people mover to people mover while it was moving.
  Well, he's the ultimate bad boy.
 But that's where the ultimate good boys figure out how that would work in Cal.
  Well, in Florida, the cars are open.
 Oh, OK.
 Yeah, I think that makes a little more sense.
  I should reveal his location, I guess, but we already lived a couple of years ago.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That was literally because someone that was noted on Reddit somewhere, they just revealed Bug's location.
  Sorry.
 The shield has found Bug.
 Agent Colson is going to Bug Main's whereabouts.
  An urban legend.
 A thing about this ride that I was able to find was that like the story behind it goes that Disney, Walt Disney was in Switzerland because they were filming  a movie called Third Man on the Mountain, which I can only assume is one of those very dry live action movies that used to be so fond of making.
  They wish it was an Apple dumpling gang.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Didn't ascend to the heights of Condor Man.
  And he really liked the Matterhorn and he sent a postcard of it to Imagineer.
  Vic Green.
 Vic Green and said, Vic, build this Walt, which to me, if I was working at Imagineering that that I would be worried about setting a precedent when I heard like,  oh, Walt's going out of town.
 It's like, oh, Jesus, where is he going to go this time?  Anytime he sees a thing, he just like build it.
 It's like, oh, God, he's going to the Grand Canyon.
  Oh, jeez, we're going to have to figure out how to make the Grand.
 Shit.
 Walt's going to the Coliseum.
  Yeah.
 Can he go somewhere easier? Antarctica.
 We have to build actual melting ice caps.
 Yeah.
  The real polar bears to live on.
 Walt is in the Sphinx again.
  Yeah.
 So that's pretty impressive that they sorted it out.
 And apparently the history or the story of putting this together was full of moments of this is physically impossible.
  What you're asking for, Walt.
 And he said, figure it out.
 And they did.
 Yeah.
  I guess when you this this I don't know, when you think about this being from 1959, a pretty impressive attraction for that time in its theming and its construction.
  First steel coaster.
 Is that right? Yeah.
  This is very crazy.
 There's some qualifier of it.
 Yeah.
 Of course, the themed like it was kind of it added more theming in the 70s.
 The themed caves and the abominable snowman were added in the 70s and then sort of plus up again in the 90s.
  It's yeah, it seems like it was pretty spare initially.
 I couldn't find there wasn't there's no video of it, right? I didn't find it.
 I didn't see any.
  Well, there is one video you can watch on which in which Walt Disney companies the shot, the Shah of Iran.
  Oh, yeah.
 The Shah of Iran visit as the as the video itself says the narration and I quote, here is the Shah of Iran and his pretty empress in the front seat.
  That's Walt says that.
 I don't know who said I think it's another minute.
  I found the video line is and Walt Disney and the pretty hostess in the back.
 So, so it's yeah, I see him.
  It was the old smaller car because they went from four to eight and the group of four is Disney and a hostess and the Shah of Iran and his wife.
  And this is where the and I wrote this.
 This is where the original where you would have to have a person on your lap, essentially, while you were writing.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 Similar to the the track layout for this, by the way, was used in Space Mountain in Florida.
  It's the same layout.
 It's the same sort of it's same kind of toboggan.
  It's not the same layout, right?  Yeah, sorry.
 I don't think the layout's the same, but the same sort of toboggan style track.
  The Space Mountain in Anaheim is a different coast entirely.
 And this is a big thing for me about the Matterhorn and Space Mountain in Florida.
  They're rough.
 That's a track is not aged well.
  There's big old clunks that hurt your back.
 A good deal.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Depend like when they there's a there's a couple of sudden drops on it and like you can get rocked and they they've done a little work to the track in the last few years.
  And it didn't help that much.
  It didn't like not a ton.
 There's still ones that are it's not like a thrilling drop.
  It's a perfunctory little one.
 Like this is a yes.
  Yeah.
 No one would like squeal from delight about it.
  It's pure.
 Yes.
 Ouch.
 It's like because I was on Space Mountain in Florida and that does it.
  The cars both both on Space Mountain in Florida and on Matterhorn also really feel like you're exposed a little more than the Space Space Mountain in Disneyland.
  You feel really taken care of.
 There's a lot of space on the sides.
 You got a lot of room on that seat compared to other things.
  It's a bigger car.
 You kind of feel rushing at you.
  The wind like air conditioning shot at you to make you feel like you're going faster.
  I feel comforting and you just like air conditioning.
  And about I guess this might come up before, but you were talking about not liking Wild Mouse coasters.
  And this is more in the vein of what I think sort of inspired by Wild Mouse.
  Yes.
  Which are just kind of more clunky or messy.
  Feels like they could fall apart.
 Yeah.
  It seems like more low rent and janky.
  It feels like you're just like sitting in a little tiny chair.
  Like it doesn't feel it feels like your whole body is exposed.
  Whereas on Space Mountain in Disneyland, it feels like you're sitting in a proper little car.
  Like this just feels like you're kind of sitting on a little sheet of like metal and that's it.
  There's nothing on the sides.
 Sure.
  It feels like your body is that's why it feels like your body can just fly out at any moment.
  Yeah.
  And it was closed for six months in 2015 to like, you know,  gusty up some projection effects inside and put in a new abominable snowmen.
  And I thought like, oh, it's going to come back.
  It's going to be a real smooth ride.
  And I'm like, I think it got worse.
  I think it got rougher or maybe I'm just getting older.
  When I was a kid, I loved like the shaky roller coaster.
  I was I, I, I didn't care.
  I didn't care if it was rough.
  I think because my spine, please.
  Yeah.
  I think the coasters, I, a lot of the coasters I went on when I was young were like wooden  coasters and some of them very old.
  Like I was terrified of going upside down, but I would ride the shakiest wooden coasters  like again and again.
  Which I wouldn't describe my responses things now as being afraid of them.
  Like I'm not afraid of them.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  All right.
  No, one time.
  Calm down.
  Calm down.
  Don't suggest that with your eyes.
  Fair enough.
  No, I don't.
  Yeah.
  There are a lot of rides you, yeah, you feel like you want to avoid just cause it'll be  literally unpleasant and not like the experience of it is not fun enough to counteract.
  Although I will say I, I will still do the Matterhorn and I think the plus ups that they  did a couple of years ago got it back in my rotation of I will tend to do it when I go.
  I really like it, but I know I'm going to need a minute or two after I get off.
  It is a, it is one of the only rides at the both parks where if it, well, like I'm about  to say this now, I think it's not true.
  I was going to say that the guy could go, Hey, you want to go on it again?  And I go, I'm going to need five minutes before I got to get out and get back on.
  That being said, I feel like even if I, my spine was rocked and a man made an offer to  go on another ride without waiting in line, I'd go, all right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So nevermind.
  Maybe that's wrong, but it is in the moment.
  It does feel like one, it feels like one ride is enough.
  I don't need to go on this twice.
  I see what you're saying.
  Yeah.
  I need a little, as Jason said, recovery.
  I, we don't go on a lot because Lindsay hates it because of how hard it is on her spine.
  Yes.
  A valid reason.
  And it was even weirder.
  I feel like when they had the old cars, cause you'd have to sit with someone in your lab.
  I mean, you don't have to, but if you had a significant other, uh, maybe from a different  relationship that had to sit in your, like it was weird.
  Like you, you felt like you, like it's very weird.
  It's very intimate.
  They were just hitting into you guys.
  It's very intimate.
  Yeah.
  I have a, I have a story about the lap seating, which is that I went, so I went to Disneyland  in high school with my, uh, my then girlfriend, my high school girlfriend and her mother who was  very, very overprotective, perhaps psychotically.
  So like just a degree that was, that was very crazy.
  And context, I don't know if this is important, but it was a long distance relationship.
  So we would only get like little stints of time together, always under very close supervision  of this mother.
  And, uh, you know, but, but Disneyland's a fun place to go because you got, you got little,  like little quiet parts where you could sneak a little make out in, you know, the haunted  mansion though.
  That's, that's, that's, those cars almost have sides and it's dark.
  And, uh, at some point the, you know, like, like I think I remember we got on the haunted  mansion.
  We kind of like dashed forward.
  So we'd have some distance from the, which, but then you got to think, this is where it  was helpful for me to know all the stuff so well, because I was like, okay, we have to  stop this, uh, this slight make out during Madam Leota because you see everyone else.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's a fun, the lighting's pretty decent in there.
  So, you know, we had to save it up for the big, you know, the big make out moments, like  when you're going down the hill into the graveyard.
  Uh, so this is where it's, it's practical and beneficial to know.
  Oh, these are good tips.
  I'm surprised you waited this long on the podcast.
  They give us these great make out tips.
  Hey, yeah.
  Uh, yeah.
  Any enterprising, any enterprising youngsters.
  Yeah.
  Let me tell you, I've made out in all the great places at Disneyland, the haunted mansion,  the end.
  I think there is no other place actually, right?  Because like, yeah, you don't have the, you don't have the.
  You don't have that car privacy.
  I guess maybe now Little Mermaid.
  Omni movers are make out spots.
  Zephyr, not happening.
  No, no, no.
  Uh, and the, you know, the swings, you can't, uh, you know, that you're, that your partner's  too far away from you.
  That feels very wholesome.
  If you, if you got a private Ferris wheel car, that's a make out spot.
  Especially a wobbly one.
  Oh yeah.
  Uh, well, you know, cause maybe she like, she falls into your arms in a playful fashion.
  Yeah, but you gotta be careful.
  You could chip it too if there's something too, if that car is too swinging.
  Hey, exercise caution too guys.
  Uh, hey, make out safe out there.
  Um, anyway, it did certainly occur to me, oh, this is a, hey, the Matterhorn is a spot  where you got that lap seating.
  Oh.
  Maybe on that lift hill.
  Uh, I do what?  I don't know.
  Oh my, yeah.
  The hug her.
  I don't know what the plan was exactly.
  Right.
  And so this was in the back of my head.
  However, we're in the Matterhorn line and, uh, uh, she and I are talking and, uh, just  started laughing about something unrelated.
  And then the mom, there, there'd been this tension for the entire visit, probably knowing  we're sneaking out, sneaking these haunted mansion makeouts in.
  There'd been this tension and then she says, and I'll go a little close, Mike, and just  be at the clip that she was at, which is she just not looking at us staring at the ground.
  Her mother says, I know what you two are laughing about.
  You're looking forward to being in each other's laps.
  Well, let me tell you something.
  I've got, I've got news for you.
  It is not happening.
  I will have my eyes glued on you from right behind you.
  Why this is the sort of helicopter overbearing parent I would expect in the movie blockers.
  That's why I'm dying to see it.
  I want to see those people get lampooned.
  Like they, I have first, I can relate to this.
  I've had blockers in my life.
  This is very funny because like I, I, uh, uh, yeah, it was a real dorky kid growing up,  but my parents were pretty like, they weren't, uh, uh, obnoxious.
  Like they, I would stay out to like one or two, I think because they realized like, uh,  well, he just did a play and we've met the other dorks who also did this play.
  Uh, so yeah, I don't think we got to worry about this.
  One, uh, but I did, there was like, I had two or three friends who was like, parents  were like, yeah, that weird Robert De Niro meet the parents.
  I got my eye on you.
  Yeah.
  And it's just like, it's very funny to me when that happens and it's like, you see the  kids and they're all fucking dorks.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  What are you, what are you worried about here?  Oh, and especially in a, like, look, I am not going to impregnate her on the ride.
  Yeah.
  There is no, I don't know what exactly you were.
  Being a little more hands off, you're at the safest place on earth.
  You're at like Disneyland.
  Well, and there's a way, not the Matterhorn.
  Well, no.
  Yeah.
  Look there, you know, she could have, she certainly could have done that and she could  have even played it off.
  Hey, hey, I'll be watching you instead.
  This like odd internalized monologue done in this scary, breathy way.
  And we still had about half hour, a half hour more of line to go.
  Wow.
  And we just kind of, we're all in silence until this occurred.
  So was she in the mom's lap?  How did it work?  I think I was still, strangely I was still allowed the lap time, but with the warning  that I would be under supervision, which obviously there's a lot of cameras watching you as well.
  So I also was a real smart ass kid and was raised by at least one smart ass.
  I guess both my parents are a little smart ass.
  They wouldn't be even more than the other, but I definitely in that situation would have  gone like, what does that mean?  Like I would have tried to cut the tension with like a well-placed joke and failed miserably.
  Mike has seen me do this where I'm like, I'm going to call out exactly what's happening  and it just makes it worse.
  I have seen you do that.
  I feel like I've seen like, say what it was and if we have to cut it out, we'll cut it  out.
  I don't remember.
  I just mean like in social situations, like I will go like, well, this is going great.
  Like when something uncomfortable happens.
  Well, you did that when Minnie was harassing Mike, which didn't help anything.
  I yelled, oh nice.
  Hell yeah.
  That's loud for everyone in the library here.
  But yeah.
  Damn baller move.
  That is very funny.
  Now I seeing from that young lady's mother's perspective, I will admit there is nothing  scarier as an adult than teenagers laughing and you don't know what they're laughing about  and they're looking in your direction.
  That is like, oh no, I'm going to get bullied by kids.
  I know what you're like.
  I look foolish.
  Just on the street.
  I know.
  Yeah.
  Nothing like, and I don't mean this isn't even recent that I'm in my thirties.
  I think when I was 22, I was terrified of teens laughing.
  It took me no time to get past.
  There's no people I want the acceptance of more than teens.
  I want teens to like me when I walk by teens on the street.
  I'm like, I think they would think I was cool.
  I don't know.
  But I also am scared, scared and I admire them and scared of them.
  It's sort of like, like on the 30 rock joke where like Tina Fey's outside of a building  and she goes, ah, youths.
  And like some kids just walk by.
  They're not really doing anything.
  They just walk by and she's scared of them.
  Something unnerving about it.
  I've never felt comfortable with teens, not before I was one, not while I was one.
  Oh, no.
  Not after being one.
  No, I don't know that.
  Maybe it's add maybe it's a longing because I've never been young.
  I don't think I've ever felt like a young.
  I've never felt.
  I never felt like the correct age that I am.
  Yes, I agree.
  Do you think are there teenagers listening to this?  Oh, yeah.
  And now I'm thinking about it.
  And like, do they like it the way we intend or are they laughing at us?  Is it a long con?  Are they making fun of us while listening to it for two hours?  Listen to us while you eat the Tide Pods and like before you put on a little Xan track.
  Is that what you guys write?  Was it Xan?  Like little Xan?  Yeah, like Xanax.
  Oh, that's his name.
  OK.
  That's what he's short for.
  I think I was thinking it was Xan.
  He's in a Twitter feud right now with my friend.
  Pass guest John Daly.
  Pass guest John Daly.
  Boy, John learned a real lesson about.
  John sure learned not to mess with teens.
  Hey, it's what he gets for nothing.
  But I mean, John Daly feuding with a little Xan.
  It was reported on.
  There was an article in Stereogum.
  This is worthy of a headline, apparently.
  Thank you.
  Well, we look most of our guests are good.
  We podcast the ride is no beef with little Xan.
  OK, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We love it.
  Thank you for listening.
  Yeah.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  I think the thing about the podcast, say it's these super cool, really self aware guys who  love Lil Xan and also theme parks.
  But mainly they just there's just more to talk about the various.
  But we love Lil Xan more than theme parks.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Well, three cool dudes with real normal body shapes, real regular who know where all the  cool make out spots are in Disneyland.
  Yeah.
  And you know, think your parents are giving you way too much grief.
  Look, there might not be a world left for you to be adults in the way things are going.
  So have fun now.
  Yeah.
  Come on.
  Enjoy treats while you can.
  Yeah.
  Although that's been every generation thinks they'll be the last generation.
  You know, that's why all those fifties greasers were drag racing all the time.
  Oh, they had their wishes.
  Well, I mean, they lived in the era of like duck and cover because a nuclear bomb will  be dropped on their like Poe Dunk High School.
  Well, I mean, and this and this is a very teen friendly reference.
  Of course, the Wilco song, Jeff Tweedy says that and when he's singing, he says every  generation thinks it's the last.
  Oh, yeah.
  So if you teens love rock, dad rockers, Wilco, I know it's kind of they're kind of like the  rock equivalent of Zan.
  They pay for the laws.
  Sure.
  You got to pay respect to the elders.
  They're still rock.
  I mean, I had Yankee Hotel Fox terow when I was in high school.
  I remember listening to that.
  Sure.
  I remember listening to the S.
A.
T.
s.
  Yeah, 2001.
  Yeah.
  You don't hate all music, Jason.
  No, I don't.
  No, I don't hate all music.
  You just get mad when we're talking about Denny Lane.
  Yeah, I just get confused or I lose.
  Well, it is true.
  Well, like Marvel, you two know a lot about that.
  Exactly.
  Yeah, we we know a lot about like you have a lot of like air because you're also a big  wrestling guy, but I'm not as big of a wrestling guy.
  But you Monday are big wrestling guy.
  You've got to like you've got a lot of like quadrants, I guess.
  And some you cross over with most of them, Jason.
  Yeah, I'm a day tripper and some of some of them.
  That's a music reference.
  Oh, yeah.
  What?  Let me let me keep with the parental theme a little bit, which I have another story from  my also involving like in-laws, my wife's dad in the probably in the 60s.
  I'm not sure if it was a grad night or just a regular day at Disneyland.
  But in the time when the Skyway passed through the Matterhorn, he was he was a no good kid  and he threw a cherry bomb into the Matterhorn from the Skyway and felt pretty pretty pleased  with himself.
  Like, wow, I got away with it.
  No no PA announcement was made.
  I made it and then got to the Skyway station.
  And as he gets closer and closer sees like several security guards arms folded and he  just he knows what it is.
  He just surrenders immediately.
  All right, where are we going?  Kicked out of the park.
  Now, see, that's very much a sign of the times because at the time that was like, oh, Dennis  the Medis.
  And now that would be like, oh, ISIS.
  Now you'd be reading about that.
  That would be an LA Times article.
  He'd be thrown in the raft with Baron Zemo.
  No, Mike.
  Hey, that's just the world we live in.
  I'll bust you out, Mike.
  Mike being the dad.
  Yeah, not me.
  Yeah.
  Important clarification, glad I made it.
  Yeah.
  So look, a lot of opportunity to get up to some no good stuff on this ride, whether it's  making out or throwing bombs or getting decapitated.
  Whatever your teen interest is, the Matterhorn can satisfy.
  You know, we've mentioned like this ride has been plussed up over the years.
  Like it always had like, yeah, it's a ride that toboggan ride through the Swiss Alps,  through the Matterhorn.
  And you know, eventually the Bomber Bull Snowman got added.
  One detail that was added in the 90s was the crate labeled Wells Expeditions, which is  a tribute to the late Frank Wells, who along with Michael Eisner and it was Jeffrey Katzenberg,  right, were often cited as like the great, the three executives that like kind of brought  the Disney company back to life.
  Frank Wells often credited as like the level one, the peacekeeper and things sort of seemingly  took a dive after he passed away because he died in 1994 or something.
  And that was when the classic movie era kind of ended and people started to get mad at  Eisner and he would play peacekeeper.
  I guess was the role he fell into Eisner and Katzenberg and probably other entities.
  And he was an avid skier and in fact died in a helicopter crash during a ski trip.
  So I mean, and then they put this crate in as a tribute that year.
  But like to me, like I get it, it makes sense as a tribute, but it does seem very morbid  to me that it's like, well, yeah, but he also died.
  It wasn't a casket though.
  Yeah, I guess that's true.
  So wasn't bones flying.
  He had been eaten by the snowman.
  Although that would be cool.
  If there were a bunch of bones lying around.
  Oh, you mean like if you died, that was the way?  Yeah.
  Yeah, that would be cool.
  With like some shreds of orange and purple.
  Yeah, I was eating an ice cream cone and the Yeti came by and he wanted a larger snack  than that.
  Or if I was covered in sprinkles, the Yeti covered me in sprinkles and ate me like an  ice cream cone.
  The Yeti, I didn't know the Yeti performed ironic deaths.
  Yes, he does.
  He's smart and you give him credit for it.
  Wait, he's not the Yeti though, correct?  He's the abominable snowman.
  Yes, the Yeti is Expedition Everest.
  Yes.
  And the abominable snowman was added in 1978.
  They weren't abominable, strange by the way.
  Not often used outside and I feel like probably a lot of kids mispronounced that word.
  I'm not sure I would have said it correctly.
  I probably know the word now better because that's the company that made our special lords  of synth.
  Thanks guys.
  That's some abominable.
  I did make that.
  But I think I probably said like a domina balls.
  I think I said it wrong until lords of synth sent the genuine project of mine.
  Not just a fan.
  Yeah, there's no character who hypothetically made it.
  Yeah, I learned to say abominable but that's a very confusing word.
  Do we know the definition of it and why it's associated with snowmen?  That's a good question.
  What is the technical?  I mean, I'll look it up.
  Horrifying, scary?  Abominable, yeah.
  It sounds like notorious.
  Oh yeah.
  Like the unsinkable.
  Causing moral revulsion.
  Whoa, see that's heavier than I thought.
  That's what I'm saying.
  So he's like a creep.
  He's like a deviant.
  It also says very bad or unpleasant.
  The deviant snowman.
  That's why the mom was mad.
  She knew that deviant snowman was going to be watching us.
  Oh yeah.
  Watching me touch over the shirt.
  That pervert snowman.
  Because before they changed out the animatronic, he did have like five cigarettes in his mouth  and he had a jug with three X's on it and a bunch of porno mags in his hand.
  And his bright red eyes bugged out like the mask wolf.
  And the reason he made the ride so bumpy was so you'd have extra fun in the seats.
  It was like that curb episode where Larry is the car that shakes the people in the passenger  seat.
  You have orgasms.
  You know what I'm talking about.
  I forgot to mention this.
  This is a perfect, this would have been a perfect segue when we were talking about your  romantic life as a teen.
  But apparently there was just a big pile of dirt.
  This is in the Wikipedia.
  Before it was built.
  So during the construction of the park there was dirt from the excavation of Sleeping Beauty's  Castle and it was like just piled up in between Fantasyland and Tomorrowland and it was dubbed  Holiday Hill.
  Just a bunch of dirt.
  It was just a bunch of dirt.
  Walt tried to frame like it was something that was supposed to be there.
  Right.
  But they didn't know, they didn't have a place to put this dirt.
  And they started, I don't want to interrupt, but I read that they started putting plants  and stuff on there because otherwise dirt would just whip around in the wind.
  Because it was just a big pile of dirt it would just fly off and hit guests in the eye.
  So they had to start retroactively landscaping this pile that they called Holiday Hill.
  So they, yeah, so they were having like they wanted people like picnic on it.
  So you could go and eat your lunch or whatever there.
  But the hill had come to be used primarily as a nighttime lovers lane.
  Ooh, a lovers lane.
  Yeah and Disneyland, they were not pleased about this.
  And by that they made this, whatever the source of this, it means like it happened twice.
  There were two occasions and that's enough to make it an urban legend that like, there  were Holiday Hill babies.
  There's a similar thing also about the hill which is when they started growing plants  and trees and shrubs that supposedly a Disney gardener started planting a different kind  of plant.
  Oh really?  A little marijuana plant.
  Wow.
  Holiday Hill.
  Yeah, yeah, Holiday Hill was the place for you.
  Oh boy, if only I'd been 16 in 1957.
  You'd get to get high and then go neck with your best gal.
  Talk about my burgeoning communist viewpoints.
  And if Jason were around back then, he would just be having a picnic alone and screaming  at everyone to knock off the nonsense.
  Stop rustling.
  My picnic basket is falling off the hill.
  I'm perceiving everything a lot more intensely because of this plant for some reason.
  I guess you would be high.
  I'd be high but also cranky has happened often in the past.
  Because too many too many greasers would be necking with their poodle skirt wearing girlfriends.
  That's true.
  They're saying a loud, loud rustle of poodle, poodle cotton.
  Poodle skirts and crispy leather.
  Hey, here's an urban legend that is not an urban legend.
  It is a true fact.
  There is a cast member made half bath cabal court in the top of the Matterhorn.
  It's kind of been shifted around once or twice but it is sort of like an area because there  used to be and there are now again, although I haven't seen them in a while, live climbers  like costumed mountain climbers would climb up and down this mountain.
  Yes, I love those climbers.
  Has that happened in a long time?  No.
  They brought it back in 2012.
  Yes.
  But I don't know recently.
  We were there in 2012.
  I was there with my family in 2012 and they were there and they were waving to us.
  It is so much fun seeing these people in little outfits.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's another.
  I was saying all the different types of transportation are going by the Matterhorn.
  Also, the fact that you'd have people propelling down the hill and it's a whole other thing  but Tinkerbell flying down during the fireworks show.
  What the Matterhorn did in terms of providing this exciting hub and this really unique odd  feature to the park.
  Very visually pleasing.
  A lot of kinetic energy they talk about.
  One of my favorite reference points on this show, Devlin the White City, the famous landscape  architect who designed the Chicago World's Fair was very conscious of having kinetic  movements.
  So like boats and people crossing on different walkways and boats going through canals and  stuff.
  He realized it was very visually pleasing and sort of that extra oomph than just like  your regular city park or something.
  And Disney, it is noticeable in theme parks.
  Yeah, Monorail going by, the main street vehicles and stuff.
  I feel like I notice when it's not there.
  I like it Epcot.
  There's the boats that go across World Showcase.
  But it was a real disappointment to me after the first once or twice I had been to Islands  of Adventure when the boats that would take you from the port of entry to Jurassic Park,  they only ran for a little while.
  And I thought that was very cool and very cool to look out and see these kind of like  junk boat looking things.
  They're gone.
  They have not been there for many years.
  They don't do the boats anymore?  Or is it a different boat?  At Islands?  Yeah.
  There's nothing.
  Yeah, there's nothing.
  Really?  Yeah.
  I don't think there was ever boats in Universal Studios Florida because that always had nighttime  shows going.
  I wish there were boats in the water in California Adventure too, although that I guess has not  been possible for a long time now with World of Color.
  If there was even something, yeah, I guess can you not even pilot anything through there?  Even if you couldn't get in the lake, if there were jet skiers or something going by, that'd  be kind of fun.
  Yeah, that would be great.
  Yeah, I love a jet ski.
  Sure.
  I mean, you know, you just want to feel like the hustle and bustle of whatever fake town  or fake land.
  Like you want to feel like people are going to work.
  People are doing things.
  Makes this feel like a real place would feel because I'm never going to any real place.
  No, yeah, we're not going to the real Matterhorn.
  And we're not going to a real basketball court.
  You just like knowing that there is one fake mountain.
  No, you're not in any of the two dozen social basketball leagues.
  Los Angeles comedians are in.
  Yes, true.
  No documentary about our basketball playing.
  No, but yeah, what else about this?  Well, the basketball court is interesting because I feel like that was a that's like  one of those first pieces of Disneyland nerddom that you that you sort of hook on to.
  That's one of those first things that you can drop, you know, on a date at the park  or something and feel out if the person is annoyed by facts like that or or into them.
  Yeah.
  It's one of those like entry level pieces of trivia that I always thought was really  neat.
  I feel like the actual court you now I think Disney now is like they've just filmed the  you can see it in a video or something.
  And it's not I think I think I always imagined it was like a really polished, like nice gym,  like a Chicago Bulls practice.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Like, yeah, like shiny and kept up and that maybe like if if like a high profile talent  if like Kobe needs somewhere private to practice, he could work out a deal to go use the but  in fact, it's just it looks like an attic or something.
  It's just plywood with a rim.
  You can play like course up there, but you probably can't even have a game.
  I don't think.
  Or can you?  Is it?  It's a half court game.
  Is it a half court?  I've seen it described as a quarter court.
  That's what I thought.
  Yeah.
  Even a little bit smaller.
  You can get a whole.
  Yeah, I think you could.
  Yeah, you could have a little little fun up there.
  And I think that's neat.
  Being that that's the case, the top of the Matterhorn is only used for that.
  And as you said, that's kind of the basketball court's like a kind of a break lounge for the  mountain climbers.
  Other than that, that's the only people who go up to the top because the ride stops kind  of I think 80 feet of the way up.
  It's a very tall structure.
  The Matterhorn is what I'm saying, but the only the bottom half essentially is used for  the actual ride.
  Yeah.
  And of course, looks much taller because of forced perspective.
  No, I'm standing.
  I read that they painted.
  They recently repainted the matterhorn to make it so that they also designed it so that  the sun would hit would hit the hit it in the same way that it hits the actual mountain.
  And they made a paint job that was more realistic to where like what feature is on the actual  the actual Matterhorn.
  Yeah, there's another place we will never go.
  Supposedly Walt wanted real snow or like at least fake like some snow like he wanted the  snow not to be just painted on initially, but that was too hard.
  Oh, OK.
  So they I mean, it looks kind of snowy, but of course, it doesn't really make sense.
  I've seen I was looking at photos from the 50s and 60s as opposed to now.
  And it definitely looks snowier these days.
  I think there were times where it got to more of just a gray mountain.
  It just looked like a big concrete.
  They never here's the thing.
  They never changed this into a giant birthday cake, right?  They never there was never any crazy different version.
  They never made it like a check in the minus column.
  Of course.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So let's talk of a paint job at one time, which I will source Jim Hill.
  Sure.
  On which is that he when there was a supposedly when they were going to bring the Muppets  to Disneyland for the first time, they were thinking about heralding that by painting  the Matterhorn green and putting a big Kermit eyes on the top.
  So there was maybe almost a weird Kermit of five terrifying.
  And if I was a child, I'd be upset by it.
  Yeah, possibly, because I don't know that that would you know that was why.
  And the shape of Kermit is not like the shape of this.
  No, no, I would say Beaker is probably the best in terms of Muppet shape.
  Maybe a maybe a monster.
  But monsters are more from Sesame Street.
  Oh, it's sweet.
  I guess you can kind of make it look like sweet.
  Sweet.
  I'm just not a pointy head like Bert head would look more like the top of.
  I mean, yeah, but the Sesame Street workshop is a different.
  Characters now because of the sale.
  And we all know you all know what we're talking about.
  So what?  Yeah, I guess you're you're limited in your regular Muppet characters who look enough  like a mountain to that.
  Yet again, feels like would have felt to me like a great Gatsby eyes like God watching  everything you're doing in Disney Park.
  Making sure there's no makeouts.
  Yeah, making sure there's no make out the eyes in the sky.
  Beware the eyes.
  Do you know the other we're jumping all around?  We could have done this chronologically, but why not say things as they occur to me?  There's also when they wanted to replace Holiday Hill and clear out all that marijuana growing  everywhere.
  There was talk of replacing it with they had the idea of putting a ride there and kind  of building on top of the dirt pile.
  And there was another proto Matterhorn situation called Rock Candy Mountain.
  Yes, I've heard of this.
  Yes.
  I don't I don't know a ton about it, but I looked into it a little bit.
  It was not going to be a roller coaster, but it had some structural similarities to the  Matterhorn and it would have they would have actually extended the Casey Junior train ride  and the storybook canal boats to explore the inner caverns of this big mountain that looks  like candy.
  And in fact, when they made a model of this, it would they just put actual candy all over  it and apparently like birds flew into the studio and started to take away, you know,  Necco wafers that were pasted to the side.
  And that's I mean, that's I would like that ride.
  But more than the Matterhorn, unfortunately, I like the Matterhorn fine.
  But that candy, I've read a little bit about that and that sounds amazing.
  It would have been like 60.
  It would look like the Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory candy.
  Yeah.
  Like however they would like the made like that would be like a dirty brown water.
  And it's like, oh, chocolate.
  And you're like, now it's like oil.
  If you look at it or they said the rivers were going to be red.
  But what what candy doesn't it?  It's like rivers of blood, like delicious blood.
  Yeah.
  Well, wait, we all have inside of us and nothing about it.
  Wouldn't have we would have just shared the name with the, you know, folk song that hobos  would say because Big Rock Candy Mountain.
  Just the Wikipedia is a folk song about a hobo's idea of paradise, you know, where hens  lay soft boiled eggs and their cigarette trees.
  It's about hobos alluring like pied piper and children away to like, yes, come here.
  It'll be everything you want.
  Is it genuinely cigarette trees or is that your generalization?  No, that's it says cigarette trees.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  John, very funny, John Hodgman in his book, The Area of My Expertise, there's like a  whole chapter deconstructing the song.
  Wow.
  An American hobo code.
  Really?  I don't think it was going to be.
  Maybe they would have used the song and not use the certain lyrics.
  Yeah, there are different lyrics.
  There's like, you know, cleaner lyrics.
  But then there's regional hobos would change the words to whatever they wanted.
  So they could fix a version where they didn't have to talk about cigarettes or stealing.
  Sure.
  It could have just been, yeah, delicious thing about like Frito pies that they were in the  Southwest or delicious pastrami sandwiches that they're in New York.
  That's what your hobo song was.
  Yes, I'm getting hungry just talking about this idea.
  In a very dire time, they might sing about eating their own hand off.
  Oh, potentially.
  Sure.
  If you're in a really grim hobo situation.
  Yeah, well, I wish there were cigarette trees.
  That would have been a whole thing.
  If there was, they built cigarette trees on the ride.
  Then in like the 1990s, there would have been a big like to do about what we have to get  rid of the cigarette trees on this ride.
  Like, no, you can't.
  The cigarette trees.
  Walt wanted those.
  It's vision.
  Those were Walt's cigarettes and they need to be growing on those trees.
  Main Street had a tobaccoist for a long time.
  Yeah.
  I wonder if there was an outcry about that, too.
  Like I used to buy all my tobacco from the man, one man on Main Street.
  Like he's going away.
  He knew.
  He knew which rubs I liked.
  I don't know how you buy tobacco.
  Like that drunk woman we ran into at Guardians of the Galaxy, like her mother would like  was outside the tobaccoist as it was being retrofitted into a gift shop or that crystal  store on Main Street.
  She was like, come on, this is bad.
  Let me buy my lucky.
  I want my cigarettes.
  I don't know.
  I need my.
  What was the official cigarette of Disneyland?  I should Google that.
  Official cigarette of Disneyland.
  There must have been, right?  They were cutting deals with everybody left and right.
  Yeah.
  That woman that she needed her special pack to make sure her daughter grew up big and  strong.
  Special pregnancy cigarettes.
  So another noticeable thing.
  I thought this would have come up when we were talking about team stuff, teen stuff,  but the safety warning, the please remain seated per month, Sarah sentados, Puff of  war, the Jack Wagner voiced safety recording kind of infamous.
  If you grew up in a certain age and I didn't realize this because again, I didn't just  learned about music five years ago is in the opening of the no doubt album, Tragic Kingdom,  which I believe I realized was a Disneyland pun.
  Like last month was like a magic kingdom pun not too long ago.
  That came up in.
  We discussed Gwen Stefani, apparently frequenting club studio K and perhaps Videopolis as well  and the unbuilt West Coast rock and roller coaster.
  Oh, potentially a no doubt.
  Oh, right.
  But they sample a little of this, this famous safety spiel.
  So that'll when we do a theme episode about songs about the parks, that'll be one of the  four that we can address.
  I cannot.
  Tragic Kingdom also in the name of what seems to be like at least one, if not multiple exhausting  books written by ex cast members of like the real stories that went on behind the scenes  of the Disney parks.
  Yeah.
  Tragic Kingdom.
  Oh, God.
  What was the Banksy theme park?  Oh, Dismaland.
  Oh, Dismaland.
  Oh, he also did exit through the gift shop is like a theme park.
  That's a theme park thing.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  One of his pranks in the movie is at Disney, he like puts a Guantanamo body at Big Thunder,  which is confusing and upsetting.
  Yeah, it doesn't really happen.
  Nailed it.
  Got him.
  Really?  You got the man there.
  I can't.
  Sorry, man.
  I can't find the official tobacco.
  I don't know if they had a brand.
  Mike's back from the Burbank library with a stack of books.
  And I'm researching through.
  The official, trying to find the official cigarette.
  Oh, Dismaland.
  I think they saw that says, look, they sold a bunch of tobacco products to anyone who  was 16 or older.
  Hey, boy, I came up at the wrong time.
  I could have had cigarettes coming out every corner of my mouth and put them put them to  the side long enough for a quick make out.
  Yeah.
  Your girlfriend's mom could have been giving you grief and you could have blown smoke in  her face like, hey, mind your own business here, lady.
  You're not going to see anything blow smoke in her eyes.
  Momentarily blinded.
  Mind your P's and Q's.
  We're legal adults.
  We're 13 years old.
  We're getting married before we leave today.
  Yeah, there was a marriage.
  You could get married.
  You assume that was a Disneyland too.
  Yeah, yeah, it's a different.
  It's between the cigarette store and the bra store or the quick shack up marriage spot.
  And also probably the captain of the Mark Twain could marry it too.
  Whoever was.
  Oh, so I could have done marriages the day I was the day that you were at the wheel of  the Mark Twain.
  There's a good chance that anyone who wanted to get married, you could just quickly dole  it out.
  You just had to read a couple of things from a book.
  Could I even know old marriages too?  If I saw like a couple waiting down.
  I think you could have done a lot as the captain of the Mark Twain.
  Oh man.
  Any marriage you wanted to move in on, you could declare no.
  Oh, I could have made a triad too.
  You would look down from the from the captain's deck and you would have seen a couple and  you go, hey, I'm part of that now.
  And then it would have been legally binding.
  I look.
  I'm your third.
  I'm all for it.
  I'm all for it.
  I'm all for the government to start recognizing triads.
  I'm on board for like there's 47 genders like or no genders or or I'm on board for it.
  You're on board.
  Count me in.
  Yeah, you just want to blow up.
  I'm also on board the Mark Twain.
  You just want to blow up math.
  You just don't like you don't like the number two.
  You don't like duos or things coming in twos.
  No, I'm an odd numbered man.
  I'm an odd man and I love odd numbers.
  I'm the man the list of things we know about you big old drug head hates music.
  Come on.
  Come on.
  Succeedingly accurate list that I'm looking to be a third.
  We know that family members see me plug this show.
  And as far as I know, only my father and brother have looked it up.
  Yeah, that's fine.
  They go if they don't want to know their real son, then that's not my brother.
  Yeah, I'm a real rowdy boy.
  This is the last thing I have written down that I thought was interesting.
  And this is just to cross off the dry facts.
  Part of it.
  The splash down pool towards the end of the ride, you come down an incline and you hit  a splash down pool and there's a little bit of a splash.
  That is also practical.
  It cools down cools off the breaking pads that are mounted under the bobsleigh.
  That's interesting.
  And the hitting the water itself also acts as a breaking mechanism.
  I read that that came about because Bob Gerr, a long time, imagine you're Bob Gerr and Walt  took a ride on it and that they had not really sorted out the end and that they crashed into  like a haystack like Walt flew out of the car or something.
  Really?  And that but that he liked it.
  He thought it was fun.
  He was like, oh, some kind of some crazy ending, some thing that slows you down.
  I think the haystacks are probably there to stop the car.
  They thought it'd be a more gentle thing, but instead is a big rock ascending.
  But I won't wanted something interesting at the end that practically stopped the ride.
  I wish there was more classic rides that ended up with you in a haystack or like a big hay  pile like it.
  And back to the future.
  That should the back to the future ride.
  You should really end up in like a manure truck or something.
  Oh, yeah.
  That will.
  There was a possible ending of that.
  Do we discuss this?  Maybe we did.
  Or was it going to get manure poured on him?  And in fact, if you look close in the ride, there's a big pipe over him that I think says  manure.
  Oh, how about that?  Which why in a science lab is there a big manure pipe?  There's no reason for that.
  So I'm glad they didn't that that would have been a plot hole.
  I'll say this, that landing in a big haystack reminds me of like, you know, we talked about  not you know, we've done a lot of more recent stuff or more recent last few decades.
  And this is an older one.
  I mean, we have to do like an episode or multiple episodes about like 50s Disneyland when you  read about stuff or you look at pictures and go like, wait, what was the burning of the  town or like what was circus?  That was a fully operational circus for it.
  I see like 50s.
  Huh?  Wasn't that in the early 90s or late 80s?  Well, that was something that was like a carnival summer or something called there was like  Mouse Club Circus.
  Oh, yeah, there was a circus.
  Wow.
  Like the Mouseketeers would be there and stuff.
  And like, so there was a lot of early stuff while they were figuring out what people really  liked about the park and the 50s, I feel like might actually kind of be when the park was  the coolest.
  You think so?  Because like, or maybe I whenever like Louis Armstrong's on the Mark Twain, just playing  a concert, like they'd have like cool people down there.
  There was a period.
  People would obviously dress up and go there and like the Golden Horseshoe was like a cool  show to go like a cool show.
  People like like adults loved it.
  Like there's a vibe to it.
  And of course, I'm just this is I wasn't there.
  But there is a vibe to it in the 50s of like this is just a cool place to hang out.
  Like it's a high end.
  They feel more like a genuine shot of Iran is the Shah of Iran or Iran.
  Yeah, that is very weird because I remember learning about radio in college and the Associated  Press, in addition to having formatting rules, has pronunciation rules for like major news  organizations.
  And at the time of the Iraq War, you were supposed to say Iraq, not Iraq.
  Yes.
  Well, there weren't such rules, not such rules, narrating Disney specials.
  I actually have another strangely, the Shah of Iran had another connection to Disney later,  which is that he there was a they were going to build the Persian Hotel, right?  At the Bay Lake, like near not not on the same in the same area as the Polynesian, but  close to it, I guess.
  The concept art is beautiful for that.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Sort of a Taj Mahal looking palace.
  Yes, I forget the official terms for like the architectural style, but it's a lot of  blues and whites and like very pretty.
  Oh, I don't think I've really seen it.
  But the but the yeah, the Shah of Iran was going to put up the money for this potentially.
  But then the Iranian Revolution happened.
  Yes.
  Went into exile and the biggest fallout from that was the loss of the Persian Hotel.
  I can think of nothing else more important.
  I think I was supposed to be like a like a pavilion to there was talk of an Iran pavilion.
  But the great Shah of Iran did a lot of great work with totalitarian.
  Piece of shit overthrown by the sea or initially put in power by the CIA three years before  his fun Matterhorn ride with his wife.
  He started Savak, a secret police force that tortured his enemies.
  And then there is riding with waltz.
  How is that word spelled?  S.
A.
V.
A.
K.
  Because Savik in Navi means rise to the challenge.
  Wow.
  How that same very no, it's like an I instead of an A.
  I think.
  OK.
  Very close.
  What a spooky coincidence.
  So rise to the challenge.
  It's a more positive word than the yeah, the other the thing representing and then a secret  police force that apparently tied weights to people's testicles until they confessed.
  Jesus Christ.
  Yeah.
  This is happening.
  Well, these evidence like the this is just the strangest historical tangent.
  Yeah, I thought we would have started at the Matterhorn and ended up in a pre revolution  Iran.
  It's a big tick tock between 16 year old makeouts and yeah, giant overthrow something for the  whole family.
  If you're a history buff or if you're a horny teen, there's something for all you city planner  loves talking about parking options.
  If you're Lil Xan.
  Yeah, we have no feud with Lil Xan.
  We love Lil Xan.
  We love you, Xan.
  We're glad you're listening.
  We've heard he listens.
  Yeah, he does listen.
  He's going to do a song about us.
  What else have we missed?  I like on the new they refurb the ride a couple of years ago.
  And even though they didn't make any improvements to the track, even though it seems like it's  exact same, it's different cars, but like not much as far as if it's a smoother ride,  they made the Yeti better.
  There's a cool effect now where or excuse me, the snowman, abominable snowman.
  There's a cool effect now where it looks like he's like you're seeing on the other side  of ice and he's kind of climbing towards you.
  It looks so cool.
  That is so well done.
  And the sound design is legit scary.
  And yeah, it's that all almost more than the more than the the robotic snowman.
  I think that buildup is really I mean, I was going to say I love the robotics.
  No man is legit terrifying.
  He he looks like movement looks real.
  Yeah, he lunges at you.
  It was a little unclear before what the snowman's deal was.
  He just kind of like flatly.
  And I liked the old snowman.
  I got no beef with the old snowman or Lausanne.
  But the the new one, it does seem more clear to me.
  I just know this from watching an Imagineering video, but they pointed out how he's you know,  he's he's protective.
  He's like he's protecting his mountain and communicates a little better.
  And there's a great thing they added to is that when one of the when you're zooming in  and out of the mountain, there's a Skyway car that he is taking and some other little  artifacts or one of the old styles of vehicle.
  Yes, it was the old Skyway.
  So like the idea is that like when that Skyway was going through, he took one and he took  it and he put it in his like little treasure pile, which is this is nerd stuff that I love.
  This is fun.
  This is I guess this is an East.
  This is like a classic Ready Player One Easter egg.
  If you really think about it.
  And of course, there is one there is the two snowmen because two tracks, the one of the  old original snowmen is in the queue for Guardians of the Galaxy, which is awesome with figments  in a crate.
  Yes.
  And that's another thing.
  What's cool about the Guardians is that they've they've made the collector, the famous Benicio  del Toro character that's in the movie for five minutes.
  He loves the Disney parks.
  He's a Disney parks fanatic.
  Yeah.
  So he has a lot of artifacts and characters from the Disney the Disney parks history.
  They've been thrilled to get to buy that hotel then that old haunted hotel they wanted to  get rid of anyway.
  Right.
  Of course, overtake it and put his collection there.
  Tannally.
  Well, I think, you know, I think Joe Rody said that in the narrative of what's going on in  that area is that one day that just appeared.
  Oh, that's his reference.
  That's his explanation.
  So perched, there was no sign of the lease from the bank.
  Right.
  From the I don't know, HR Terrerson, whoever owned the Tower of Terror before.
  It was not like Back to the Future, Ride Simpsons, where there was a they put the narrative there  that they sold.
  He sold the Institute of Future Technology to that's what I'm after.
  I want forms.
  I want to see transfer of ownership.
  No logic here.
  I think the roadie logic is that all of a sudden, oh my God, where did this giant crazy  space fortress spaceship, whatever he calls it, power plant.
  The one I think the first or second time Mike and I wrote it because there's stuff there's  clearly audio Easter eggs in the queue line to in the outside queue.
  It is.
  And I very quickly like went like, oh, this is a I was like, oh, this very, very proudly  went like this is a mini version of the best time of your life.
  Yes.
  So they yeah, there are audio he not only other carousel of progress, the other carousel  where it might have just been the song, but I forget in Tannaleer to Vans collection.
  He also has an audio collection.
  And while you're listening in line, they have kind of like warped little like things.
  So like it feels like there's loops of like maybe old tomorrow land in that line, like  when you're listening to stuff.
  So like there's a whole, I don't know how long it goes, but I don't think I've ever  heard a repeat, even if I'm in line for a long time.
  So there's like, if this is like the, this is the nerdy stuff and they really found a  good way to do it on this particular ride.
  Which probably also helps it because there was a lot of people were skeptical and some  people still do not really like the guardians ride.
  And I think it was probably a good way to like shut up some of the birds to put all  your Easter eggs in there.
  I'm sure it went a good way to you having goodwill towards this ride.
  Yes.
  It makes me, yes.
  It makes me very happy to see the old Yeti.
  Yeah.
  It makes in here.
  There's a squid, right?  There's squid from 20,000 leagues.
  Yes.
  The squid from 20,000 leagues.
  There's a couple other things too.
  There's going to change stuff out supposedly and put all their old things in there.
  Do you, do you, do you know that the, the abominable snowman was a redress of a jungle  cruise gorilla?  The really, how about that?  Not unlike the story of changing the rock a fire explosion to munches make believe band  and very similar.
  It is a redress of a gorilla, but in this case probably a two, two better use.
  Yeah.
  I'm sorry munch you're not a good redressed gorilla.
  Mr.
 I'd like munch.
  What am I talking about?  Yeah.
  We all like munch.
  Why am I?  I'm a big fan of munch.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I take it back.
  Sorry.
  I guess Doug Jones is a little upset when we say stuff like we like the Chuck E cheese  band more than the rock a fire explosion.
  Yeah.
  And he doesn't like a guardians.
  I don't think he did a little jab.
  Everybody's got their things that they do and don't like.
  There's people.
  Yeah.
  There's the, I remember I saw Mark Hoppus tweet.
  I was very upset about the guardians of the Gallup, Blink 182 front man, Mark Hoppus.
  Like people have very.
  Maybe we've not got our own opinions too.
  So yeah.
  Yep.
  Maybe we haven't properly represented the people do not like.
  I do think we may, we could have done when we were putting this podcast together, we  could have had a difference of like, we, we are all, we fall in like a similar line that  we have differences, but we don't have, we need to have like the counterpoint, you know,  we need to add a person to the podcast.
  We need more.
  We need another voice.
  Just an incredibly annoying devil's advocate in the corner.
  I liked that the Matterhorn hurts your back.
  It's good.
  And then, yeah, no, and then somebody who never wants anything to change somebody who  is an advocate for.
  I think we should bring the Shah of Iran back.
  We should find that woman from in front of guardians and get her on the podcast.
  Sure.
  And she should be here every week.
  Do you think, what if we did track her?  Yeah, we've, I feel like we haven't been super nice to her.
  So if she's heard this, I don't know if she's going to agree, although maybe it'll like  start the fire and she'll want to come start arguing points.
  The problem is I have a feeling that she came up to several different people that looked  like you and I who also all have podcasts, podcasts who also were like, oh, maybe it'll  be fun.
  And maybe she won't know.
  Yeah.
  She won't know.
  And she's also too drunk to remember.
  Yes.
  Very good point.
  Very good point.
  She had Walt Scotch missed at the at the Carthay Circle Lounge and we wouldn't put up with  that here.
  Nobody's drunk on this podcast.
  This ain't no Lovers Lane.
  We have no we don't have special plants here.
  We know we breathalyze each other before.
  Yeah.
  Make sure that we're at optimum performance.
  So what do you guys that so what do you guys think about this?  Like wrapping up our usual ratings?  How do you guys feel about this?  I well I think they legitimately did a great plus up and it feels like it's just it's got  to be mechanical.
  They got to make that thing.
  Yes.
  The number one thing is mechanical.
  I fear that the thing is built in such a way that it might be impossible just as far as  clearances are concerned.
  Like if they were to make the track like smoother, they'd have to put a whole different thing  like a different system in there maybe.
  And then like you'd have to like make the tunnels wider because then they don't want  a human being's hand to be able to touch it if they.
  Yeah.
  Although it feels like it feels like I could touch a wall if I if I tried.
  The thing has maimed people.
  Body parts have come off.
  And yeah you feel that it's it's pretty tight clearances on this thing.
  Yeah.
  So I don't know if it's somebody would probably say it's impossible to make it a different  ride system.
  This might be the most easy consensus in terms of like how we feel about a ride of like the  plus up like yeah it's recently gotten plus up all that is the story stuff and the effects  it looks great.
  But like yeah if we could plus anything up that track man just make yeah this is a genuine  idea just make it more make it more comfortable.
  We're getting up there.
  We're not we're not rowdy teens anymore.
  We need back support.
  So help us.
  I would love some more Easter eggs too.
  I would love a little more.
  Sure.
  There's a like maybe another I don't know if there's any room for show scenes but you  know.
  Yeah.
  I get one more appearance of the snowman.
  Some sense of yes of closure.
  If he was you know what I was thinking is if he's hanging upside down from from somewhere  who's going down and then he like came down surprise and reached for you.
  How about this.
  Bring back the climbers outside the people but then have one of them get eaten or get  sucked into the side of the mountain.
  That would be so you'd be like they'd be I mean it would kind of ruin maybe the fun  atmosphere of Main Street but it would be fun.
  Sure and Scott maybe to your idea we could they could reskin the xenomorph from the great  movie ride that comes from the ceiling.
  Oh yeah.
  I have already hangs down and attacks folks.
  Yeah.
  I have an idea that's that would just be that would not negate the regular operation of  the ride but it actually would be a holiday overlay or sort of a you know the theme to  certain times of the year.
  It would be when speaking of our fevers when Olympic fever hits the world if we if during  the winter Olympics there's a perfect opportunity to get a beloved Disney property in there  and I'm talking of course about cool runnings.
  If there is a just a seasonal just for in February in Olympics years if the ride becomes  a race against the Jamaican bobsled team and you would have to shut down one of the two  tracks you'd have to like give it over to be their track and then you even and out and  you'd have to start them all at the same time and presumably build a set of four robots  in each car.
  This is an expensive.
  Yeah this is going to be expensive and then you also have to make sure the ending like  radiator springs racers.
  Yeah someone wins but you have to smooth that out.
  You can't say you lost the race.
  It's not a lose it.
  It's not a gloating situation.
  And the bobsled team are beloved underdogs.
  You wouldn't feel great about beating them.
  But you'd be the stand in for the evil Swiss team.
  That was the enemy.
  Right.
  Right.
  But this is a good hearted race.
  This is an exposition.
  Is that the term right when people exhibition exhibition.
  It's an exhibition exhibition game bobsled race.
  They're trained.
  You're helping them train.
  Right.
  So win or lose.
  You're giving them a little challenge because the Olympics are going to be in Switzerland  this year.
  Right.
  But then imagine they're surprised when there's a monster hanging around like they did.
  You know they've been training for a while and they're weird jalopy bobsleds out in the  sun but they're in good shape but they were not expecting.
  We could have trained for this.
  I have another pitch for that.
  Wow.
  But it's just like you're on the set of Cool Runnings 2 and you are your actors and you're  not great.
  You know perform in the scene.
  So when you're passing by the other car give them a cheer.
  Give them a boo.
  Yeah.
  Express yourself.
  That's good.
  I like that.
  Yeah.
  And then I and I was saying I'd like one more robot appearance.
  Right.
  And I've got an idea.
  Well so I think you get rid of the competition aspect by as in the climactic race in the film  they skid out and they.
  Oh yeah.
  Because they get to walk out proud even though they didn't quite finish but they marched  across the finish line.
  So we know that they'll give it their all no matter what happens.
  You keep going.
  They get grabbed by the monster.
  Right.
  And you know they're so they're disqualified.
  But then you wonder what happened to the bobsled team.
  I wanted to beat them in the race but I didn't want anything bad to happen to them.
  And then you see them right at the end.
  You make one little show scene and they they're now they're hanging out with the abominable  snowman and they got some spliffs.
  And they're getting them high.
  Oh a tribute to the old holiday hill.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And acknowledgement of the history of the place.
  I like that.
  Yeah.
  And they brought they brought some they brought some good stuff and they're smoking out the  snowman their best buds now.
  Let's let's just call it ice cream mountain.
  All right.
  Oh hey cover it.
  Jason perked up.
  Let's cover it in orange and purple sprinkles.
  All right.
  And in that climatic climactic scene where he the abominable someone is reaching at you  you put an ice cream cone in his hand and he's trying to hand you an ice cream.
  Oh boy that's fun.
  He's nice.
  That's nice.
  He was trying to get your attention.
  Yeah.
  It's like an abominable snowman.
  What seems to us like a terrifying roar is just him saying hey take this.
  Hey want a refreshing treat.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And we can add that dialogue.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Translator put subtitles in front.
  Yeah.
  This is this is probably the time to wrap up.
  I have a very quick fact which is that the there's a what the Tinkerbell because I'll  never get the chance to say otherwise Tinkerbell flew down when they started doing that in  the 60s.
  Her name was Tiny Klein.
  She was a Hungarian circus performer.
  She was 70 years old.
  Oh my God.
  When she started doing the Tinkerbell flight from the top.
  Yeah.
  And and she died of stomach cancer three years after she started doing it in 1964.
  So that's three years of her life.
  She's spending summers flying down.
  It was a trick that Walt saw in a circus or no it was like some it was a Hollywood Bowl  show where Tinkerbell did and he said I want that at the park every night this summer.
  Man.
  The last couple years of her life Tiny Klein.
  God bless her.
  So if I didn't get that Tiny Klein info.
  No we needed that.
  Yeah.
  Let's let's shoehorn that in there.
  And now that's all the dry facts about the Matterhorn.
  All right.
  You have survived podcast the ride.
  Follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
  Podcast the ride and podcast the ride at Gmail dot com.
  Yeah.
  Send us more questions.
  Now you know when I read questions.
  And tell your mom about us.
  Yeah.
  And if mom has a question email us.
  Thanks mom.
  Yeah mom.
  Hey thanks for listening.
  OK bye.
