 Warning, the following podcast may contain buffaloes forced to live in a brittle French field,  a sports bar called Sports Bar, and a Disney hostess named CJ who seems to be your dad's favorite.
  Finally, what you've all been asking for, two hours of complaints about the weird mall outside  of Disneyland Paris with guest Julia Prescott.
 Bonjour, it's Podcast the Ride.
  Hey, welcome to Podcast the Ride, where we know the only real way to solve the crisis in Syria  is to send an intergalactic space captain to dance at Assad and unlock his inner beauty.
  Right? Agreed? Yeah, we agree with that.
 Desperate times call for desperate measures,  and that's the only way to really change the world, as it were.
 As long as he has sidekicks,  though, that are adorable and you can make plush out of them.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 A band of  misfits.
 And a literal band as well.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's the only way to really solve a crisis.
  You think me beautiful? Yes, Mr.
 Assad, but without a key to unlock it.
 We're not going to,  Phil, if you don't know what we're talking about, sorry.
 Yeah, this is the gate behind  which you should stay.
 Yeah, if you don't get the reference, then you're out.
 We're all people who  understand these these references.
 I'm Scott Gardner.
 I'm one of them.
 And joined as always  by Mike Carlson.
 Hey there.
 And Jason Sheridan.
 Hi, I was trying to figure out the one to one  of like Hooter to John Bolton or like, hmm, which one is Michael Flynn and Michael Flynn Jr.
  I guess they would be the ball, I guess.
 Yeah, is Michael Flynn Fuzzball? I think John Bolton is the  give her the gift.
 I think he's that guy.
 He appears to be a hologram to sort of keep him on  track.
 Yeah.
 Which one is Doug Benson? Oh, yeah.
 Benson is the same character.
 Oh, great.
 Fantastic.
  He plays the exact same role in this crisis that he didn't kept.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's like a hundredth  guard at Assad's Where Does He Live compound? I don't know.
 And yeah, he gets turned into like  a into a bright red wearing break dancer.
 That's how this is going to play out once we get on board  with this plan.
 Anyway, hey, well, joining us today also also clearly a mega theme partner and  one of the first real friends of the show.
 You were very supportive right away and I really appreciate  it.
 She is a writer and comedian and one of the hosts of the podcast.
 Everything's Coming Up  Simpsons.
 It's Julia Prescott.
 Hey.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 Thanks so much for having me.
 Absolutely.
 So excited.
  I'm so pumped.
 I was looking forward to this all day.
 Oh, good.
 That's fine.
 Yeah, because I think  when I saw like the moment you guys announced that you were on Feral, because we all used to be on  the same podcast network.
 Yes.
 Remember tweeting something like I'm angry I didn't do this myself  for I found something so relevant to my interests.
 You know, it makes me upset.
 Yeah, that would have  been the other topic given things you're obsessed with.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, I've listened to the podcast  a bunch.
 And so yeah, all day today, I was like, Hi, you know, how's this episode going to start?  They're probably gonna ask me like what my personal history at Disneyland and like going through like  the general.
 I was like, what am I doing? I gotta stop.
 That's a question I have if I've in the rare  event I'm on other podcasts like how much should I know or should I just or will I speak to rehearsed  if I chose the wrong tact on doughboys, which is because I listened to it a ton and I studied it  too hard and I was very stiff.
 I've been analyzing my doughboys appearance ever since.
 I think you're  the same way.
 Correct? Yeah.
 Well, I thought there was a couple things I don't even remember them,  which is good.
 So let's not bring it up.
 But there were a couple things on that episode that I did  where I was just like, you're an idiot.
 I can't believe you did that.
 And then like, I was like,  people are going to think you're stupid.
 I thought your episode was great.
 Well, thank you.
 I  appreciate that.
 It wasn't fishing for compliments.
 Scott just brought this up.
 I have a very specific  memory attached to your episode.
 Wow, really? Yeah.
 Because another big fan of doughboys,  I was saying off podcast OP before we started recording that I feel like my Simpsons podcast  and this podcast and the doughboys all kind of exist in the same shared universe of podcasting.
  We all used to be on Feral too.
 So that's all true.
 And it's all about like, uh, uh,  silliness and kind of like obsession super high art pretentious stuff.
 It's about a rapturous  love of, uh, of silliness.
 I think.
 Yeah.
 I like the idea of the shared podcast universe  and we could all come together.
 There was an idea to bring together all the podcast.
 Sorry,  that's the Sam Jackson Marvel Avengers speech I was about to give.
 So I was going to say that I  listened to, um, your episode of doughboys, uh, when my husband and I, we went to Costa Rica,  uh, for like one year dating anniversary.
 And I just remember, uh, driving the winding roads  of Costa Rica, listening to your Margaritaville episode.
 That is like kind of perfect, isn't it?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I was there in my mind and I was also there presently in the jungle environment.
  Well, thank you.
 Uh, but yeah,  Cool breeze and palm trees and that been a dry description of fake cool breeze and palm,  fake palm trees.
 And I do love that Orlando Margaritaville.
 It's wonderful.
 Yeah.
  It's what we'll do a whole episode on it soon.
 I haven't been actually.
 Oh my gosh.
 I haven't,  I haven't done an Orlando since we started doing this.
 And at what point is it irresponsible for  me to be presenting as a, right? You have to go without, I haven't you gone like three times  since I have been to Orlando in the last year twice.
 Uh, I have the premier pass, which means  I can get into the Orlando park anytime for a year until September.
 Will I go again? Maybe,  maybe.
 I don't know possible.
 It's cheap.
 It makes sense.
 It does make it.
 Look,  it makes a ton of sense for me to constantly go to Florida.
 I went in 2008, I think in 2010.
 And I,  I didn't think it was that cheap, but maybe there's a, I mean, you gotta look, I, as everyone knows  on this podcast, I love to check.
 I'm a checker.
 I'm a checker too.
 So I love to check.
 I check  every day.
 Yeah.
 I check for playing like stuff goes down, stuff goes up, but what are your sites?  Oh, uh, what are your sites? Who are your guys? Who are you guys? I mean, I have a deal.
  I have a pretty good Michael.
 Yeah, we're good, Mark.
 I just had a big problem with you back at  the comedy store.
 What is, what is Lauren thinking? Lauren, but is it, is it is our Lauren Michael  Eisner? Yes, I think he's, yeah.
 Yeah, I would say so.
 Yeah, probably.
 Well, let's start talking  about it.
 Then I don't know.
 I don't know.
 I think I care about, uh, uh, Eisner more than Iger.
 Yes.
  I'm, I would like to talk to Isner.
 I'll look, I'll happily have Bob Iger on the show.
 If it came  to that.
 Right.
 Right.
 Right.
 If he's, you know, not doing a million things.
 If he doesn't,  boy, you're right down the road.
 Pop right down.
 I'll then make a lot of directions directly.
  Jason, this is a secret place that no one needs to know about.
 Uh, I like the website.
 I go to just  the basic stuff.
 I have Expedia.
 I have stuff like that.
 I do have a thing called, um, I forget,  it's called like cheap flying or something and it's a Twitter.
 And basically I have it sent to my  phone.
 The alerts.
 So I'll get like LA to Columbia is on sale for $195.
 I get those alerts too through  we don't, this doesn't have to be the podcast episode, but we're just talking about travel  websites.
 Airfare watchdog, stuff like that.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 I go on that.
 Yeah.
 As well.
 Uh, so yes,  I love to check.
 I love to check, uh, everything.
 So yeah, you can get it still a pretty good.
  I got my, I think my last flight was one way was 89 bucks and the other way was 130 or something.
  So you can look, there are deals.
 I'm actually going to Orlando in September.
  I feel like this podcast probably played a, sure.
 Yeah.
 And making those plans.
 Cause you, you, I  remember message you message saying, is this a good time to go? And I said, yeah, that food festival  will be going on and the crowds will be probably down because people are back in school, back at  work sort of thing.
 But like buy a few travel insurances because of hurricanes.
 I missed the  hurricane last year by like four or five days.
 Really? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I read, I got deep into this  internet rabbit hole of like reading a bunch of dad blogs that are based on like, like centering  on Disney world.
 I think one's just called like dad's rules.
 Um, dot com or something.
 And it was  like, gotta go.
 Hey guys, here are my top five weeks to go to Disney world.
 And like one of them  was like the last week of September.
 So that's when we're going.
 That's probably a good time.
  I never thought about dad blogs.
 I mean, I know there's a huge Disney has a huge network of mom  blog, like mom blog affiliates and stuff.
 And where you find out where all the best place to  have a cold beer is.
 Get a break from your, your damn old lady and kids.
 That's what I'm into.
  Shows that are live shows that are hosted by cute gals and skimpy outfit.
 That's what I recall about  my dad, who was kind of uninvested in Disney world until we saw the show that was, it was in Mickey  star land.
 And it was a show where all the Disney afternoon characters, uh, came to life and perform  and it's hosted by kind of a perky girl named CJ.
 I remember my dad talking about CJ a lot.
 I assume  it was always a different CJ.
 Uh, that was the uniform.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 For days.
 That's C J.
 It was  you want to, you want to, uh, Scott, you want to see that show again? I like that CJ.
  If my dad, a little bit of eye candy, that was also Disney's first use of using a computer  algorithm to come up with like, what is the name for a cool host computer and a man or a woman  could slot in a relatable name that is not specific to any particular race.
 I don't think that I'm,  I don't think I'm the only one who knows this, but I think that's the name of Pamela Anderson's  character on Baywatch.
 I think you're correct.
 So I, so I feel like maybe that's was on purpose  because you would associate another favorite of dads.
 Yeah.
 Presumably.
 And she's also very like  classic, like short blonde, like base definition of lay of cute gal, as my dad would say.
  It's like a 1992 is fuck name though.
 Yes.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 It feels like she could have also  been like your camp counselor.
 Yeah.
 Oh, sure.
 She's the gal next door, but she's also beautiful.
  Like there's a whole, you know, she's not, she's not too, like she's not too aggressive,  but she's like the bright ball of porridge.
 I don't know.
 That was a wreath.
 That's something  that's where, that's where you and Lindsay, uh, really sealed the deals when you were brave enough  to call her the right bowl of board.
 I think that's a new level.
 My husband is yet to say  that about me.
 Am I in trouble? Should I? I want to say it.
 Standard of relationship.
  He's looking at the dad blogs a lot.
 It's like trick gets closer and closer.
 He keeps looking at  like quiet places to hide.
 That's a tag on these blogs.
 That would probably be relevant to his  interest because he's not as obsessed as I am.
 Yeah.
 Oh, do you, well, cause this is sort of,  although I don't know.
 I also, I never mean to present the, uh, the image on, on the show that  Aaron or Lindsay is less into this stuff than it is just mathematically.
 They just are because we  sort of, uh, ascend the heights, but they're pretty big Disney people as well, but not quite,  but is it a sort of a similar ratio like into it, but like there's a, there's a wall, a ceiling.
  Yeah.
 Well, he also, um, grew up in Cincinnati and so, uh, you know, there's, I think they have,  I forget what theme park they have out there.
 Kings Island episode of that has not not come out  yet, but we, we talked about that place.
 In the spatial, in the space and time we're recording  it, it hasn't, but in you, the listeners timeline, I, I haven't a clue.
 It's a surprise.
 I'll probably  cut this out.
 It's worth, you know what? The moment you say that on a podcast, you won't,  you won't.
 Yeah.
 You know how, where you watch your Conan's and your Letterman's, you know,  you gotta leave, leave it in the magic like this.
 Cause when you say I'm going to cut that out,  the listeners hearing you say that and they're going, Ooh, this was almost, I don't know.
  You're saying, yeah, they feel like they got a treat.
 Yeah.
 Let's dissect the art of podcasting.
  It is an art, a high art.
 Oh, absolutely.
 That we're very careful about and very committed to.
 Yeah.
  There's so much fun stuff.
 Like, do you, do you acknowledge the animal walking by in the room?  Do you acknowledge the fire truck going by outside the studio? It's lesser podcast.
 What I would say  you think that at a certain point you just keep rolling and ignore.
 You have to stay focused.
  Mm hmm.
 We haven't had the podcast sort of coming of age where we record a whole episode  and it gets lost.
 And then we spend 15 minutes at the top of another episode talking about it,  getting lost.
 Oh, and maybe like being with the guest again and acknowledging that we're doing  this for the second time.
 Deja vu for us.
 This will be us.
 Hopefully not.
 Yeah.
 I should curse  this episode and say, we're going to, what a bad thing to have you as a guest and say, we're going  to lose your episode.
 But I'm going to say right now, if this episode does get lost and I have to  come back, what a joy.
 Okay.
 Good.
 It's like a private show basically.
 It's like a bonus.
 Yeah.
  Well, what I was saying is for my husband, Mike, yeah, he grew up in Cincinnati and only had Kings  Island.
 And I think actually used to work.
 He's an artist and he works in animation.
 So he used to  be a caricature artist.
 That was like his first summer job as a teenager there, I think.
 But he  like didn't make a lot of trips out to go to Disneyland when he was growing up.
 And I grew up  in LA.
 So I think, and my mom's also worked at Disney since I was two.
 So I think that may have  affected it, but I'm not sure if that's like the root of my obsession or proximity as opposed to,  because I could see it going the other way where I'm nowhere near a Disney park.
 And I, I dream  about going to one one day and I got the taste of it now.
 I'm obsessed, but I got, yeah, you're right.
  Maybe proximity makes a lot of sense.
 Yeah.
 But he's open.
 Like it's not that I've, I have dragged  him to a couple of parks now.
 And it's not that he hates it when we go, but it would never cross  his mind.
 Like we went to Tokyo and that was, you know, like a real like, let's do this first,  you know, kind of thing for me.
 And that probably would not have been on his list.
 Oh, sure.
 Oh,  we skipped it entirely.
 Interesting.
 Oh, did he like it? Glad he did.
 He didn't tear up like I did  when I saw Tokyo Disney sea.
 And then said to him, it's weird.
 It's just weird to see something.
  I've Googled so many times in the flesh that that was my quote to him in that moment.
  Yeah.
 I know some of these places I've looked at on just Google street view and just a moment  with this was my view in real life.
 You just drive in that Google street view.
 Like this is such a  perfect setup to today's topic.
 This is true.
 Yes.
 You've looked at pictures and you long to go.
  And you too, Scott and Julia have seen this in, in person or lay person.
 That's about the extent  of my French.
 Yeah.
 Thank you for being on.
 Did you study up before you went? Oh God, no.
  We pretended we were going to learn some as soon as you're in an actual transactional situation.
  You've a, you bail.
 Yeah.
 Well, I actually, so I started planning this trip late last year and then  my work picked up and I was actually in the process of canceling it.
 And then like canceled  everything except for the flights.
 And then I got laid off.
 Oh no.
 Like the day I was going to  cancel the flights.
 Like that was my lunch break task.
 And then I got laid off like that morning  at 11 and was like, all right, trips back on.
 Oh, Hey, yeah.
 It was happening in a couple of weeks.
  So it was one of those weird instances I've never experienced where I didn't have the months of  anticipation of this trip.
 I had like put it out of my mind and then all of a sudden it was back on.
  So it was kind of a scramble within a couple of weeks to like get my mind wrapped around it.
  How weird.
 And so I was like furiously dueling going.
 And the only thing I learned was like,  I am a woman and you're a man.
 Like that never came in handy.
 So why would you have had to  clarify that? But if anyone asked, I could say just we love them.
 And that would get me around,  you know, so no numbers seems to help.
 Although also in many situations, the numbers are printed  in front of you and they aren't, uh, those aren't different.
 The numerals are not different in foreign  countries.
 So I felt like I tried a little bit harder in Japan.
 And this time around, I was like,  ah, you guys know, you know, come on, look at me.
 So yeah, just help me.
 And yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  We hit those moments very quickly and you're at look, come on.
 I, we all know what this is.
  Cut to the chase.
 Um, but anyway, yeah.
 So, uh, I mean, I'm, and I'm sure, uh, there are,  there are a ton of theme park topics that we, we, uh, could be discussing with you, but we, uh, uh,  I was happy you took us up on this because, uh, yes, fresh from a trip to, uh, Disney Paris,  which I did on my honeymoon a couple of years ago.
 And I, I felt kind of scarred ever since.
 Yeah.
  And I wasn't sure.
 We, we, uh, uh, DMed a little bit about advice about various things.
 And then  the morning you were there, you tweeted us this photo of, uh, the, the main, the, uh, Mickey and  Donald and goofy.
 And I forget if it was all of them, but Donald, at least to these very bizarre  dilated eyes.
 Um, and this, and this is at, by the way, this, that was, I believe at the Disney store  at the Disney village, Paris, which is what this episode is about.
 Um, but I was, I was wondering  from that bizarre, I was like, Oh, I wonder if she is having the same experience of oddity as I did  at this place.
 A hundred percent.
 Well, first of all, the Disney store in Disney village is like  one of, I want to say 12 Disney stores in that area.
 Most of the shops are just, uh, only slightly  different ticks away from each other.
 And they're all given like a different name.
 Like this one's  like the Disney boutique, but this one's like the Disney store proper.
 This one's Disney world,  you know, it's just like gallery, the world of Disney.
 The Wikipedia list of shops was very  weird.
 I mean, the restaurant, I feel like restaurants are going to be a big part of this  episode.
 Uh, but like just reading the shop, I was like, there's only like six stores and everyone  has like Disney.
 Like there's not like, I mean, I know it's France and tastes are different,  but I'm like, there's no like flip-flop shop or Crocs or even like a newsstand or a bookstore  or something or fridge magnets.
 No stock market.
 Yeah.
 It was really bizarre.
 I mean, the first  thing that you see when you walk in is, uh, the giant planet Hollywood.
 Yeah.
 And I'm sure I'm  not the first person to think this upon seeing it, but this is still around.
 I would have thought  that they went bankrupt several years ago.
 I felt like that was the rumor in and out several times.
  Apparently.
 Yeah.
 But there's still a few hanging on.
 Orlando Vegas, uh, Orlando Vegas, time square.
  I think there's an another few.
 There's six on the planet earth.
 There was one at Niagara falls  that I saw, but I think that one now is gone.
 Does it look, do they all, cause this one, I was,  when I was looking at the YouTube video, this planet Hollywood looks like this, like it did  when it opened.
 It's a giant.
 It's the globe.
 You take like an escalator in or it's a walkway.
  I'm not even sure.
 This is what the Orlando one looked like until about two years ago.
  Two years ago.
 Yo, it is.
 It's been that recent.
 They would have looked like that.
 I mean,  they turned it into like an observatory for Disney Springs.
 Believe me, I've been to Orlando many  times in the last year.
 So I've seen the observatory version of the planet Hollywood.
 I was just  wondering, do they all look like this other than that observatory? Do we know? Oh, the time square  one is like built into an office.
 The sky scraper.
 As is, um, the Vegas one used to be in the Caesar's  palace mall with the fake sky, right? Where it's a cloud covered ceiling.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 And I, I feel  like I went to that one, but now it's in a more boring part of the same mall and it's just, and  it's just kind of a very bland pseudo hip design.
 So it's all over the map in terms of its branding,  which is a summoning a Marcus Marcus, Lamonis, the prophet to me right now.
  Oh, another obsession.
 Julie and I have talked about it a lot lately.
 That was a bright day for me when I  realized not only do we have the theme park thing, but also the prophet, which I feel like no one else.
  Yeah.
 No one else that I know in real life.
 I mean, we're in real life, but you know,  when you said no one else, you kind of pointed in the direction of Mike,  shoving you back into the corner who didn't even know what you were talking about.
 When you guys  started mentioning the show for listeners who don't know the prophet is a, a CNBC original CNBC show  where a guy named Marcus Lamonis, who was like an investor and like, I think the head of the company  camping world and a million other companies, famous camping world helps struggling businesses.
  It's sort of like bar rescue.
 My joke that I, I, I bet to tweet out, like you forget, is that a,  a bar rescue in the morning to wake you up profit in the evening to cool down because the profits  pretty chill.
 Uh, Marcus only doesn't yell that, but he's pretty nice.
 He gets frustrated,  but he's not screaming at people and throwing stuff like John Taffer is or it's or the hell's  kitchen or what he's not one of these kitchen Ramsey.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's not a yeller.
  He's just such a genuine guy.
 That's what you get with.
 He's a genuine guy.
 Any episode where he's  helping a candy company or an ice cream company, he's just, he's just loves it.
 Cause he's just  like, I always wanted to have a candy store growing up and since I was young, I've been a candy man.
  He's got, that's my favorite.
 So great.
 And like wooden and incredibly stiff reality show moment  where he's describing something that happened as if it was that day, but he's not able to do it  casually like somebody on big brother.
 So it has this stilted quality, but Scott Gardner has come  to love.
 He gets more and more comfortable on camera over four seasons.
 You could see him get  more and more comfortable and you can see them hire a stylist gets it goes from a lot of khakis  and button ups to like calm diggers on a uniform.
 I feel like I've seen him wear the same outfit,  like across seven episodes in a row where it's like the white button down or white polo, sorry.
  And he's got these dad jeans and this very like thick belt that's just like holding it up and  he's like walking into businesses and giving them, you know, a tough time.
 But they changed the,  the opening credits at one point where he was just in like a normal suit.
 And more recently,  he's been in aviators and like a military jacket with like a bomber jacket.
 So he's like a one man  shark tank.
 Yeah.
 He's like a one man shark tank.
 And you actually see the stuff happen,  which I suspect that a lot of those sharks don't ever go to the place.
 How could they?  The cameras are on.
 How could they? They're all, they buy new businesses every single episode.
  Yeah.
 Seven an episode.
 Right.
 Right.
 Good Lord.
 Which Marcus buys a lot, but he'll, he'll bail on  them too.
 Which when you realize there's only seven minutes to go and it's a bail episode.
  And you're usually so happy for him because he's leaving a real hornet's nest.
 I love it.
  Some of them, I suspect he had no intention of continuing to stick around.
 Uh, like the one  that got very dramatic with where it was a marshmallow company that shared space with a  garlic and spice compass.
 So like all of the marshmallows started smelling like garlic.
  Stupid manufacturing problem.
 There's a lot more con artists on the profit than bar rescue and  stuff.
 Like there's a lot to bring, to connect it back to the theme parks.
 There is a popcorn  episode about a company called planet popcorn.
 Uh, I still haven't done that one.
 They have a  contract and I don't know if it's still there, but they were, they had a stand in downtown Disney  and then they would sell a carnival and stuff.
 Yeah.
 And, and the, there is like hundreds of  thousands of dollars.
 They re they bring in a forensic accountant and realize there's hundreds  of thousand dollars missing from the books and like looking around the office.
 There's just like  loose stacks of cash and stuff.
 And like there's the person is clearly trying to pull a fast one  on him because like they go to like a couple storefronts and he's like, I think this would  be a great storefront sell popcorn.
 She's like, I don't know.
 It's a little chintzy.
 This is  storefront I picked out.
 He's like, this area is no foot traffic.
 And she goes, and this is where I  tell you, I didn't mean this isn't for popcorn.
 I want this to be a crepery.
 And he's like,  we're back on the crepes thing.
 Like this is a thing in the whole episode where it's a popcorn  company that also, and the woman also wants to sell crepes.
 And he's like, okay, we're not doing  crepes because it's not making any money.
 And she's just like, well, what if we kept selling crepes?  And it takes place in orange County too, in California.
 So we have to do that side podcast.
  We'll do it.
 Well, yeah, we do the broadcast.
 Jason, do you like the show? Cause it sounds like  all he does is rescue businesses that have treats.
 I mean, there's a heavy treat presence and I do  like it, but there's clothes.
 And the treat ones tend to be the best ones.
 And do I just think that because it's  fun to look at treats? Yeah, I don't know.
 Also, Farrell's was a lot of fun and the sweet Pete's was a  lot of sweet Pete, a recurring character now in many episodes of fan favorite.
 The great success stories.
  Yeah.
 What about the one where it was that 11 year old kid making cookies? That was like Mr.
  Theos or something.
 Mr.
 Corey's cookies.
 Mr.
 Corey's.
 Yeah.
 Jason was moved by an episode about cookies.
  Surprise, surprise.
 Surprise, surprise.
 About a little boy achieving his cookie dreams.
 The only way Jason can show  him emotion.
 Anyway, I think the point is that Marcus Lemonas would have some things to say about  planet Hollywood.
 He would.
 Six restaurants, none of them look the same.
 Is it a hotel chain or is it a restaurant?  Or do you sell board games because there was a planet Hollywood board game which looks like the little globe.
  Oh, that's actually pretty cool.
 I kind of like that.
 I have that.
 Really? Yeah, I have that.
 Did this come up in an episode before?  I didn't realize that's what it was, but I do have that game back in Illinois.
 That splits apart.
 Yep.
 You take off the cards in it, right?  Yes.
 And the cards have like name as many Bruce Willis movies as you can.
 Yes, I have that game.
  It's only about the actors that invested in planet Hollywood.
 I think so.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Name as many Cindy Crawford movies as you can.
  Okay.
 Fair game.
 Uh, uh, uh, ding, time's up.
 Yeah, it's a confusing brand at this point.
 I'm mainly confused as to how it's still around  and how is it, yes, the first thing that you see as you walk into the.
 By the way, what was your, okay, so  to say the lay of the land of Disneyland Paris, there are the two parks which are kind of side by side next door to each other,  Disneyland and Disney Studios Paris.
 There's a beautiful hotel in front of Disneyland Paris.
 Yes, legitimately beautiful.
  That Disneyland hotel which is like one of the most lavish.
 Kind of like in the park.
 Yeah, it's essentially, it replaces the Disneyland train station there  in the Magic Kingdom type park.
 And then there's a bunch of other hotels, but connecting the hotels to the two parks is this little shopping district  that's like their city walk or like their downtown Disney.
 Only incredibly worse.
 Much, much, much less charming.
  But how did you, were you staying on site or did you come in from Paris? No, we were because of the last minute-ness of the trip in general.
  So many hotels were sold out in that area because also we were like days away from Parisian spring break.
  So that played a factor in it too.
 We were like, oh shit, what are we going to do? So we actually stayed in,  I want to say Val d'Europe.
 That's the best French accent I can do.
 But it was like about, it was just down,  there's like one main road that takes you to Disneyland Paris and it was just like the shopping area that was  down that road and there's all these hotels and the hotel was actually pretty nice and had a shuttle, whatever.
  But I would have loved to have stayed.
 There's one, I want to say it's like a Santa Fe Springs hotel that's kind of like Cars Land-esque.
  Yeah, I think they've peppered the Cars characters around there.
 I thought that looked really cool.
 There's a lot of really cool resorts in that area.
  Yeah, yeah.
 And I wandered around those hotels, although some of those also kind of suffer from the chinsiness.
  There's the Hotel New York, which is soon getting replaced by, it's going to be called, it's going to be a Marvel hotel.
  Oh cool.
 Like an art gallery Marvel hotel.
 Yeah, the confusing name Disney's Hotel New York, the Art of Marvel.
  One of these Guardians of the Galaxy mission breakout type, not catchy, not roll off the tongue,  too many qualifiers and parts to the name.
 They're just going to call it the Marvel hotel.
  Yeah, but it's like Art of Marvel, so it's like don't expect to meet any of the characters, but expect to see pictures of them.
  Is that sort of what it's about? Like we're not going to go all the way.
 I don't know actually.
  Like a quote unquote New York art gallery is like part of the pitch because it's like, look it's a framed print of Iron Man.
  Why? Why would that be a hotel though? This is a very tortured.
  Well, I will say that like the Marvel presence is already felt within, especially the Disney Studios park now.
  Oh, okay.
 And so like a new thing that I didn't quite anticipate, but of course should have considered is  that they would have Marvel characters kind of walking around.
 Oh yeah.
 As well as the, because that's what they have now and they're putting a bunch of attractions too.
  Yeah, so there's one corner around what you dubbed Aerosmith Alley, right by the Aerosmith Rock and Roller Coaster,  which is great and I really want to talk about it, but there's a corner where it was just a big sign that said rendezvous with Spider-Man.
  Uh huh, uh huh.
  So there's Spider-Man just standing waiting for your photos, waiting for rendezvous.
  There's a sign that I saw that was like whatever, some modification of rendezvous, like rendezvous l'aie or something, and then the English translation of it was meet him.
  A photo of him throwing a web at your face.
 I just thought that, what a bizarre phrase.
  The English translation, the American English translation at least of rendezvous with Spider-Man to me screams, you and Spider-Man had this, all right, we're going to meet here.
  Like you planned it ahead of time.
 It's like, oh yes, I have to rendezvous with Spider-Man.
  Sounds romantic to me.
  It does sound romantic.
 Yeah, I'm expecting him to be hanging upside down, going to pull the mask down, he's going to give me a little kiss.
  Yeah, wouldn't that be nice?  That would be nice.
  That tracks for the whole Frenchness of it.
  A swarthy Euro Spider-Man hanging upside down all day, ready to kiss anyone who comes into his alley.
  Now, speaking of the Frenchness of it, okay, so Mike and I have not been to Disney Paris, but I did, you know, I looked up a lot of pictures and I went back and listened to part of one of the season pass podcast, Tony Baxter interviews,  specifically they were talking about Disneyland Paris stuff and it seemed like they made a real effort to not be seen as like cultural invaders when designing the parks, like to not just be like Americans storming the beaches of Europe, of Normandy once again.
  To be graceful, you try to be as graceful as they consider French tastes and interests and a lot of the park, I think, like from pictures and what I've read about, it seems to reflect that.
 Disney Village, less so.
  Yes.
  Except, and this is the leap I'm going to make, one of the hotels they didn't build was a Vegas hotel designed by an American architect named Robert Venturi.
  And this never got built because they needed the money and they used it to build the hotel at the park entrance instead.
  Okay.
  And Tony Baxter tells the story about he had to be the one to tell Robert Venturi and piss off Robert Venturi, which Michael Iser thought was hilarious and put in his book.
  Fantastic.
  But what a great guy.
  Yeah.
  But what he said, I'm so glad he tucked in America every Saturday night and was all of our uncles for a brief period of time.
  Hey, people can take multitudes, right?  America's absent uncle.
  I don't really know anything about him.
  He seems okay, I guess.
  But what they said, he said in this interview was that the French love like the exuberance of Vegas, like the neon, they love the kind of gaudiness of Vegas, and that is the benefit of the doubt I'm going to give them in designing Disney Village, formerly Festival Disney.
  Okay.
  I see that.
 I see that connection.
  Sure.
  Still a leap.
  Well, and there is a lot of I think what disappointed me, by the way, my big thesis about this area and why it has continued to fascinate me since being there, is that I think it's the only large stretch of property on Disney property that I felt had no Disney magic.
  Absolutely.
  It has none of what the charm you come to expect and just the basic.
 Now, why is there magic at the Disney Springs with the Bongo's Club and the Virgin Megastore?  But there is.
  I love it.
  I'm not being funny, but I meant it.
  Yeah, you still kind of, even though it's just chain stores and stuff, there's still, there's little things here and there and a quality upkeep that makes it feel Disney.
  Yeah, this zone is just like this weird, you're a trash mall.
  Wikipedia calls this a festival of 90s contemporary American entertainment, which is quite a sentence.
  90s as fuck.
  This was the first time that I truly experienced that lack of Disney magic and also like the lack of attention to detail and the pageantry that I really love and appreciate from Disneyland stuff, like why I defend it, like the argument that I make to people that are detractors of Disneyland and like all the parks.
  It's like, no, no, you don't get it like that.
 They're trying so hard.
 They want to do.
  Listen, I know them.
 They're not like that.
 No, it's like they're just trying to make a good thing happen.
 And you see that in all of the parks, except for this.
  And, you know, I had heard the joke, of course, for years, and you see it on The Simpsons too with the Gene Scratchyland that like nobody cares about Euro Disney, that like nobody goes to Euro Disney.
  The Parisians have kind of rejected it.
  The phrase cultural Chernobyl.
  Yes.
  Lived large in a lot of press and like helped really hurt.
 I mean, there was up until like 1995 or so, I think there was a real question about is this place even going to survive or will they just kill it all together?  Yeah.
 And so I had heard all of that, but still like was like, no, I mean, it's a Disney park.
 How bad could it be? And the Disney parks themselves in Disney Paris are not technically bad, but this Disney Village is like the first thing you see that welcomes you.
  Kind of sets the tone for being the redheaded stepchild.
  Yeah.
  Do you get dropped off in an area where like the point there's the planet Hollywood?  It's just right there.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's the first thing you can't avoid it.
  Stucko in the Florida Project, the excellent film, there's like a, they really capture something about the sadness of the weird area surrounding Disney World and how it's all very low rent, but it all looks like a big orange or a big ice cream cone.
  And that's how the planet Hollywood feels like a sad place where you'd watch an oddly hopeful, but still melancholy scene between the poor Florida Project children, except they present that as like the grand entrance to the whole.
  Absolutely.
 Yeah.
  Also the train station, which is how I arrived.
 Right.
 It is not a magical Parisian or Disney style train station.
 It's just some train station and it's real like dirty and cruddy and there's street peddlers out there with weird like glowing toys that are like weird little neon helicopters or something that they're shooting up into the air.
  It's the same kind of crap that you have to get.
 You have to go through many, many blocks of this to get to the Eiffel Tower or anywhere else, you know, super touristy in Paris.
  And I was so surprised like on Disney property.
 There's just this kind of like Times Square bullshit.
  I know.
  It feels like there's such a strange lack of joy and a judgment for you having joy and anticipation for that experience.
 I remember being in the shuttle from our hotel going to Disneyland and like striking up a conversation with another dad that was like on on their way.
  And I think they may have been French.
 I'm not sure.
 But we mentioned like, oh yeah, well, we're from California and you know, we're so excited.
 We've never been to Disney Paris before.
 And just getting such judgment from that dad for wanting to visit Disney Paris.
  A, when we had Disneyland proper at our hometown and also and also just why we were two childless adults there in the first place.
 And the judgment didn't stop there.
 I got judged left and right all day, every day.
  The most French moment I experienced was waiting in line to buy like a cute little ratatouille doll for my sister with like a little chef's hat and like an Eiffel Tower thing.
 And this French guy behind me telling me my choice was shit and that I needed to go to the regular ratatouille area of the park to get the real dolls.
  You have to get the real ratatouille.
  You have to get shit ratatouille.
  No, you gotta, yeah.
  Was it, was there, were there better ratatouille dolls though somewhere?  There were that looked more like it, but I liked the cuteness of this more cartoonish looking one.
 And I made the case.
 I was like, no, this is the one that I want.
 And they were like, you gotta, what are you doing?  Wow.
  This is not photorealistic.
  Exactly.
  This is not ratatouille perfection.
  Brad Bird would be upset with you.
  He's not on model.
  That's like when, when we wait in line, we go out to people buying like the Disneyland 2018 shirts and we're like, go buy an attraction specific t-shirt.
  Buy an original something.
  Do something a little bit more nuanced that can, you know, be presented in real life and not screened.
  The family is never going to wear all this matching ones.
 They're going to wear it all once together.
 And then everyone's going to wear it as pajamas.
  You're doing the Lord's work, I think.
  The thick Hanes beefy tee with the screen print that's like, it's two pounds, weighs two pounds.
 It's so thick.
  Please make it look a little soft and make it soft and a little beat up.
  Soft, yes.
 Make the shirt soft.
  We have a lot of demands about merch.
  Well, Mike, my question then, I wonder if you had a similar feeling to me on this is that in Paris proper where we spent like four or five nights, I did not encounter such rudeness.
  I didn't get that stereotypical the French are jerks, but I did in the Disney Paris area.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I did a little bit more in Disney Paris.
  However, I didn't experience rudeness in Paris proper, but I did have my birthday and our one year marriage anniversary over the course of that trip.
  And on either day, no one gave a shit.
  I tried to get little like restaurant treats or something.
  Well, we went on a we stayed in Montmartre, which is where Amelie the movie is based.
 It just so happened.
  And so you saw the cafe is real.
  OK, yeah.
 And our hotel was like right around by the Moulin Rouge.
  So we were, you know, hanging around that area.
  But I went on a walking tour on the day of my birthday and I remember turning to the tour guide and being like, it's my birthday today.
  So, you know, just curious, like, what would you suggest I do today?  You know, thinking that there was some sort of special treat the way we have in America, like free Grand Slam, whatever.
  And all he said was, I don't know, go eat a nice meal.
  I don't know what you do in your free time.
  It's the anniversary of you being brought into this painful hell.
  We call the world.
 Congratulations.
  You are one more year to dying.
 Good for you.
  I wish I could die.
  And my dirty cousin said you bought a shit ratatouille.
  That's a fuck you.
 We're on to you.
  Yeah.
 And then on our anniversary, like we ducked into this little wine shop and we're buying this bottle of wine.
  And as we were, you know, paying for it, I turned to the woman and was like, it's our marriage.
  It's our anniversary today.
 And, you know, that's why we're buying this bottle of wine.
  We're going to go celebrate.
 And she just like looked at us and was like, OK, card.
  So that's that's what that is.
 But, you know, whatever.
  Then it's hot.
 It's Bastille Day and that's it.
 Yeah.
  And then they take off for all of August.
 That's what I know for France.
  Really? Robert DeBardue's birthday.
  Just all of Europe checks out for all of August.
  Was there was there an employee at any part of the resort that was like, you know,  maybe embodied the spirit of Disneyland or Disney World where it's like the idea of those employees are they're supposed to be like, hello.
  Great to see you.
 So they're going to make you feel so welcome and everything.
  Was there anyone in the whole resort that was like that?  I'm going to say no.
 But but but also so off of that, we kind of got not quite the opposite experience.
  But when we went to Tower of Terror, the tower that they have is pretty identical to the one that they had in California  up until recently since it's been Guardians of the Galaxy.
  And there was we were waiting in line in the lobby part.
  And you know how like they have the two waiting areas for the loading zones, whatever.
 Of course.
  I'm like right by of course, right by that banister from one of the loading areas.
  And all of a sudden, one of the employees in like the bellhop uniform, like darts into my face and goes, ha ha ha and startles me.
  And I scream, fuck, full volume in the whole area.
  And he recoiled and went to Mademoiselle such language.
  But I don't like it when people startle me.
 And I saw him do that to three other women.
  And I was just like fuming.
 And you can't go to the manager and complain at Disneyland Paris.
  You can't do that.
 That shit would never fly in California, I don't think.
  Well, yeah, it would.
 The scare has to be a much Disney here would be a much gentler scare.
  Yeah.
 Like like when the door opens on Tower of Terror, people go, oh, like but you're far from the person.
  You're in a seatbelt.
 In my business.
 Yeah, that would be that's like a Halloween Horror Night type of a situation.
  You just avoid those things or you don't go in the maze if you don't want the characters bugging you.
  Yeah, he would never get in your space like that out here.
 Yeah.
  He was taking his job very seriously.
 Boy, it's rough and tumble out there.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 Well, in Disneyville, I enjoy the more the more and more I read about Disney Village,  I was glad you were the guest because everything I would stumble upon something and a Simpsons joke would come into my like this.
  Great books.
 So so many of these places look like Uncle Mo's family bag.
  America is America town where they eat in Japan, where every table is a different state.
  It's pretty much America town.
 It is very much America town.
 Yeah, they have.
  So there's a lot of like weird Chicago fixation.
 Oh, yeah.
  Not only in Disney Paris, but like in Paris proper.
 Got to come across like some anything that was like this weird Anglophile Americanized sort of thing and be like Chicago meat diner.
  Yeah, got to make sure to post this picture of the steakhouse, which says Chicago beef warehouse and then has another sign that says Chicago looks very similar, very similar to the Portillo's restaurant in Buena Park.
  Yes, it does.
 It is a very Portillo's is a restaurant that's mostly in the Midwest from where I grew up and it's beef, it's hot dogs and they have one in Buena Park, which is right by the parks and right by knots.
  And it's got a like a prohibition theme.
 I see how fun.
 And yeah, it's like there's like mannequins of gangsters up.
  Like if you look up and it's like very similar in aesthetics.
 So there is like a like a romanticization of like these like old Chicago gangsters for whatever reason.
  You're pretending you're in a world where hot dogs have been outlawed and only in raucous underground party settings can everyone unleash their bad with our appetizers.
 The general tone there.
  What's fun about it if I can just eat it and there's no rules stopping me.
 That's a beef warehouse and that's that's on the outside of the building too.
 But I don't think it's the name of the steakhouse.
  The steakhouse.
 But there there was like a font is so big.
 There's a bevy of like America town ass.
 Oh, you're looking at the one I saw.
 But rock and roll America.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Well, rock and roll America.
 I found that they also do these festivals.
 I don't know if I'm getting too off track here.
 There's also a few read the bread about the festivals they do not really.
  There's a village.
 Yeah, there's different music festivals and they have like a like a Brazilian music festival and they do have rock and roll festival and they have a bunch of like it's all rock with them.
  When they say rock and roll, they mean fifties rock and roll.
 Amazing.
 So they just drive like old cars out and they put old cars out and like have a little sign that says what kind of car they are.
  And they just have a couple different like fifties tribute bands like T-Bow and the B Boppers or Miss Marianne rag time and the ragtime Wranglers.
 Amazing.
 Or the rockin' lilies.
  Again, this is so much like the American town waiter shirt that says UCLA Yankee Cola.
  Well, and I was going to say on the floor of the New York Hotel, there's a there's a part I have a photo of my wife Erin on a on a giant Yankees logo.
 Oh, yeah.
  And that the entire New York thing is kind of like that just like sort of like a level of art design.
 That's like if a high if a high school play a good healthy high school play budget was portraying Manhattan.
  Does that carry over to a restaurant called New York style sandwich?  Oh, boy.
 Maybe the I mean, I we'd have to debate and I did not go to all the restaurants.
  But if I had to guess which one of the many Disney village restaurants is the worst, I think this New York style sandwiches might be in the running.
  I got to read the description.
 I'm not going to do this for any others.
 But this one drop into the deli straight out of the streets of Manhattan for some hot and cold sandwiches and refreshing salads.
  Choose from pasta, hot dogs, fish and chips, pizzas, a salad bar and sandwiches to eat on the go or seated inside whilst admiring the Broadway souvenirs that line the mirrored covered walls of this New York sandwich bar.
  Now, I don't know how many New York delis you guys have been to, but pasta and fish and chips are the first thing that come to mind for me.
  Why is sandwiches at the end of the list? Yeah.
  The restaurant called Sandwiches.
 Also, then I looked up like I looked at the menu of it and the first sample item they show you for New York style sandwiches is the Frenchiest baguette.
 Is it is it ham bone? How do you say ham?  And not that anyone would know your guess is as good as my ham bone that, you know, spelled with a J.
 J.
  J.
 M.
 B.
 O.
 N.
 I'm butchering this.
 I took high school French.
 Okay.
  Did you retain any names of foods or treats?  Orangina.
 Yeah, very nice.
  But yeah, oh, croque monsieur, which is like cheese and cheese.
 And then there's croque madame.
 One is ham and one is tomato.
 See, I know my treats.
  That's right.
 This is the thing I would like to if there was a lot of French specific if it was a Disney version of French food all over this resort, that'd be something.
  But it's all this odd fake America food that satisfies seemingly neither the French or the other Europeans who go there regularly or me an American.
  It's they found a middle that no one likes.
 Yeah.
 Well, they I found also I mean outside of Disney Paris, there's an affinity for burgers that's happening over there where they are really loving.
  Like we've we've mastered it in a different kind of way.
 I'm going to do a shitty French accent for the rest of this episode.
  But there's a lot of burgers here.
 But I did find that there were like a couple items that would pop up that seemed a little Frenchy there.
  Like I think that a croque monsieur, which just looked like the way they did it.
 I've never seen it this way, where it was it looked like a grilled cheese that was inverted like a sandwich that had like melted cheese.
  Oh, I think that is one of the ways is prepared.
 Yeah.
  But that would be at like the sit down, not sit down, but the grab and go restaurants.
  There was an article recently I read where hamburgers have now outsold ham baguettes French.
  These colors don't run.
 What it was something.
 What publication are you reading? I think it was Conde Nast Traveler.
  I get a lot of train or a plane.
 I get Conde Nast Traveler emails.
  It's alternates between the bougiest thing I've ever seen and like, oh, that looks like a very interesting place.
 You just have a Google News alert for ham.
  It was something of like, yeah, but the numbers were like, oh, it was 2.
4 billion sold as opposed to 2.
2 billion.
  Right.
 Right.
 Even though we're number one.
 That's all I can say.
 Yeah.
 Hamburgers are topped.
 What is the first time?  Do you know like the top selling like sandwich in America? No, but I know McDonald's the country after America.
  McDonald's is like most popular in France.
 That makes the next country is France.
 Yeah.
 Oh, interesting.
  Quite a few.
 The most popular sandwich in America.
  I believe I learned in elementary school our national food is like a hamburger fries and a soft drink.
  You learned in elementary.
 Yeah.
 Weird, sincere.
 Yeah.
  I don't think you've retained from elementary.
 I love it.
 Like little oddly enough facts.
  Was that the day that the McDonald rep came into the classroom and explained that to you?  He would be wise to.
 He took over for the rest of the year.
  And in fact, you're not a real American unless you eat a hamburger every day.
  So became hamburger elementary.
 I do remember having a health teacher in high school try to make the claim that like the most balanced meal was a double double cheeseburger from in and out because it had all the food groups.
  It had the bread food group and at the meat food group that got that vegetable with that tomato dressing.
 She wasn't the healthiest person.
  I want to say always reassuring.
 Yeah.
 I like the vegetable was just like a piece of iceberg lettuce, which is no nutritional value.
 Nothing.
 Yeah, nothing.
  There's a lot of a lot of the food around this area seems to be of that ilk, the kind of like crinkly.
 Where is this? What what drawer has this been in kind of lettuce and then some horrible Dijon kind of some crazy heavy sauce squirted on way too much of it ruining the consistency of the bread.
  I found I just saw I I ate disgusting food and I saw a lot of disgusting food around.
 Did did either of you eat at the Disney Village?  Did you do? No.
 Okay.
  Because we were talking about it.
 You warned me, Scott, before I went there and that it was garbage to plan accordingly.
 So we kind of avoided it.
 But we did like we ducked into all the restaurants just to see what it was.
  So we peeked our head into Planet Hollywood and I got a sweet photo with a weird statue of Sylvester Stallone and that was great.
 Super packed.
 We couldn't even really walk into the restaurant proper.
  So we just kind of like, you know, peeked around and off the side of Planet Hollywood is probably the worst mural I've ever seen, where it's like different stars of the day when you would imagine like in the 90s when Planet Hollywood first debuted at Disney Village.
 And then since they've added more recent stars as an afterthought.
  So maybe there's like a Nick Jonas wedged in there and there's like other the Twilight games.
 Yes.
 But they're all much smaller than the original celebrities and they don't sell it as if they're on different parts of a of a plane.
  Yeah, it just seems like here's a hulking Stallone and then here's a very tiny anemic set of Jonas Brothers.
 Yeah, it's really bizarre.
 Yeah.
 And there's a giant blank spaces.
 It's not a space that's all celebrity cutouts.
  Just like, you know, you feel like many feet, 20 feet go by and then there's Gina Davis.
 Yeah.
 And then I don't know Nick Cannon jam next to him or something.
  That was where the Kevin Spacey was painted and they haven't painted the crystal plumber there.
 Good catch.
 Good catch.
 There were 10 different Spacey characters.
 Yeah.
 They love they love Spacey in France.
  But then also even more bizarre is like a design point.
 They have, you know, the Grimmins type like handprints, but they have it like blasted on the side of the building.
 Yes.
 Kind of diagonal.
  Chris, that's pretty that's pretty standard Planet Hollywood design.
 I can tell that's that's that's the way they, you know, they throw them up on the wall.
 So like Uncle Mo's Feed Bag style.
  Yeah.
 Street signs and doors.
 Yeah.
 Well, okay.
 An alligator with sunglasses.
 Oh, now I've seen everything.
 Oh, that's my favorite.
 Marge.
 The suburban easily impressed flat life.
  But the yeah.
 So there's all of those handprints and they all have little gold, not quite plaques because they're much cheaper and the little gold labels saying who the stars are.
 But like some of them have just been yanked out like Jimmy Stewart is gone and it feels not see you in hell.
  Jim.
 It feels like lay hell.
 Oh, wow.
 You are fluent.
 Yeah.
 You know some words are French listeners are going to be pissed.
  So get yourself a ham bone.
 Make sure you go to the ham bone.
 Well, you could probably get a ham bone at Buffalo Bill's Wild West show with Mickey and friends.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Faithful recreation of the actual Buffalo Bill's Wild West show, which was a thing in the 1800s or 1900s.
  That was probably like a traveling circus.
 Big old animal abusing mess using probably some not exactly tasteful things with Native Americans.
  And then there was something where I was reading something and it said as of 2009 or whatever year, the show now stars Mickey and friends like so.
 Well, still there.
 But like Mickey and friends play a much bigger role.
 Did you watch any of this? No.
 Did you?  No.
 Is there? I didn't even look bored.
 I watched almost the whole thing today.
 OK.
 Wow.
 What's your dinner theater show? We should say that.
 So look, theater show already kind of odd for Disney.
 So what happens is it is not unlike the Pirates Dinner Adventure or Medieval Times.
  There's an area where you go in and there's like a pre show and there's like some some like Goofy's on stage with some like country music singers and they have a thing where they do.
 They say en deux trois, which is, of course, one, two, three in France, French.
  And then they go on to talk.
 Yee haw.
 And that's the thing they do.
 And then they're like, all right, you're ready.
 And like Pirates of the Adventure or Medieval Times, everybody gets a different color and goes and sits in a different section.
 So you have a yellow like a car.
  It is a perfect.
 Yeah, obviously they're using it because it works.
 They are tearing us apart from our fellow man with arbitrary labels.
 It really lets you know that in conflicts, you know, the sides are arbitrary.
 Yes, of course.
  Why can't yellow and blue get along? We were the same 10 minutes ago.
 Yeah, it really.
 But now you're hungry for blood.
 Yeah.
 Like in the Wild West.
 Go to hell, blue.
  So then they go in an arena that looks exactly like Medieval Times.
 It's that big.
 It has the same like section kind of thing.
 And the show is strikingly the same as like not the same.
  But like there's a lot of filler.
 There's a lot of like horses just going around for like just like, hey, let's kill five minutes by looking at the horses like go around just like Medieval Times with that horse part.
  There's a whole like with Medieval Times and we're again making Nick Weiger very upset because he loves all the pageantry of the horses and the bird flying around.
 That's legit.
  But there's a lot of filler in the Medieval Times show.
 All you really want is that is them to joust and then to swing an axe at each other.
 That's what we're in Medieval Times for.
  But that's only five minutes of the show, really five to 10 minutes of the show.
 So that's not quite like this here.
 But I want just pure blood and gore for.
 Yes.
  90 straight minutes.
 That's what I want.
 You want teeth knocking out and eyeballs dislodged.
 And sparks.
 Shield, axe on shield sparks.
 That's what I want.
 That would be cool.
  Does anywhere simulate that? Medieval Times does.
 There are sparks? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's been a minute since I've been there.
 Yeah, come on, Scott, you gotta go.
 But none of that conflict at the Mickey and Friends one.
 Well, they're not the same, not quite the same conflict.
  I'll be honest, the story a little hard to follow here.
 Is it in French? Yeah, well, kind of.
 Some of it is, some of it isn't.
 The Disney characters all speak English.
  Uh huh.
 But the Disney characters have clearly like kind of just shoehorned into the show.
 Of course.
 Manifest Destiny.
  They're really, yeah, they're really just like kind of they show up and then they say hello and they just like talk like they talk a little bit.
  There's a kind of a I don't know if this is a through line, but Minnie is like very sure Mickey's about to propose to her and then he doesn't.
 Oh, no.
 That's a whole part of the story.
  Very muppety plot.
 I feel like there's a lot of Miss Piggy waiting for Kermit.
 Like Mickey goes Mickey's like there's always something there's there's something I've always wanted to say.
  And then Minnie's like, oh, and she's like getting ready like for him to say it.
 And then Mickey goes, we're burning daylight, fellas.
  Mickey speaks in flowery language like Al Swearingen from The Rain of Hills.
  That was a cock sucker.
 Like they start shooting a Buffalo Bill.
  That was a perfect comedy misdirect though.
 Yeah, it was.
 Also, it doesn't really like to be fair to Mickey.
  Like there's really Mickey didn't get down on one knee for this.
 He didn't really.
 She's reading into this.
  I mean, obviously, maybe it's a problem in the relationship, but I mean, he wasn't saying like, Minnie, I want to tell you something.
  I've always wanted like he didn't say it to her.
 He's not addressing her.
  The moment we first met.
 I was like.
 For 85 years.
  What this this vaguely reminds me of two things.
 Obviously, Dixie Stampede, which you guys have talked about on the podcast before.
  And I'm not sure if I mentioned it to any of you guys before, but I did a whole standup tour where it was called.
  I just really wanted to go to Dollywood.
 Oh, I did.
 I did.
 I planned a whole standup tour that culminated with me going to Dollywood alone.
  And it was just perfect to get amazing as you would ever hope it would be.
  But then it also vaguely reminds me of I don't know if you guys have read much about the Sanrio theme park in Tokyo.
  No.
 Well, a tiny bit.
 I'm hoping to go there later in the year.
  And we talked about this place a little bit.
 Oh, with Doug Jones.
  Probably.
 Yeah.
 Well, we talked on Twitter a little bit about Pure Land and the presence of that egg, that lazy egg.
  Yeah.
 Gudetama.
 The best Sanrio character.
  But they have like there it's a small world ride.
  You know, we don't know Japanese, so we didn't know quite what was going on.
  But there is apparently a storyline because it starts where you you're on like the little boat and you're going through the little Sanrio world and you go through like the Batsmaru land and you go through the Kurope land and whatever.
  And there's we kept noticing like throughout the ride that there were these little envelopes that were kind of scattered throughout the lands.
  We're like, oh, what are those envelopes say? I wonder.
  And eventually we realized that they were all spelling out that the ride would culminate in Hello Kitty's wedding.
  And that was the only goal Hello Kitty had in her life.
  And here we are.
 And everyone's waiting for Hello Kitty to get married.
  And then to who? To another Hello Cat type person.
  There's a male cat.
 Yeah.
 There's a Hello Kitty cat.
  I said no gender qualifier.
 Is Kurope the frog? Am I right? Yeah.
  Did Gudetama, the listless egg, make it to the wedding? No, he did not.
  Noticeably absent.
 Jason's favorite character in fiction.
  I love Gudetama.
 Gudetama's the best.
 He tried to slide into a tux and like, I can't deal with this.
  Weird egg man.
 There's like a guy wearing a weird pervert suit that looks like an egg too.
  It's the best.
 Did you see any of the, I don't know when you were there,  but did you see any of the new character who's like a calm office worker who occasionally has nervous rage breakdowns?  No.
 I forget what that was.
 We were there last year, but I don't think that that was present in the park.
  It's new in the last year.
 Sanrio introduces new characters every now and then.
  Is that newsletter that you read? Is there a Sanrio part that you're so up on your Sanrio characters?  Is that in Conde Nast Traveler? Is that in the Ham Google Alerts?  No, I forget.
 I feel like Marissa, Passcast Marissa Strickland told me about this.
  The office worker character who has rage issues.
  You're thinking of the show Corporate on Comedy Central.
 This is all of their things.
  This is not a.
.
.
 Matt Engelbretson.
 He's a real person.
  I'm thinking of Matt Engelbretson.
 He's not an anime.
  There, we figured it out.
 Good, I'm glad we solved it.
  Hello Kitty's with a male equivalent of herself in a little powder blue tux.
  Pretty much, from what I remember.
 And that's the ride in this place?  That's the ride.
 And then we went on it twice.
 There's a great photo of us that we have on our fridge now.
  They catch you at a really weird time in the ride.
 So in the photo, we just look really confused and angry.
  And we're also alone in our boat.
 So that was the perfect photo we had to buy.
  Because we're just looking around like, what is this?  This space for 30 people and it's just you two? Whoa.
 This is great.
 I'm very excited about Carol Land.
  And it's all indoors, right? Which sounds kind of unsettling.
  Yeah, yeah.
 It's really bizarre.
 It's especially bizarre because they constantly have parades.
  So there's this little walkway area.
 It kind of vaguely reminded me of your conversation about the Sid and Marty Crofts land.
  And the way that that seemed to be set up.
 But they have.
.
.
 People-y.
  Yeah, yes.
 They have a really intense indoor parade with people from the ceiling on strings dancing around.
  And then Hello Kitty is floating on a boat waving to people in the sky.
 It's really intense.
 Yeah, you should go.
  Oh, boy.
 Oh, yeah.
 We'll go.
  Erin's going to lose her fucking mind.
 She's so excited for Pure Olymp.
  But she sees that office character.
 Suicidal office.
  The real quick back to the Wild West.
 So it's a dinner show.
  Yes.
 And the YouTube video I watched had like a first person view of when they served you food and they serve you like chili.
  So if you want to.
.
.
 We can post this YouTube video.
  If you want just a shot of like a lazy French worker just slapping some chili in a bowl.
  It's like the most gross looking.
  Does it come out of a big pitcher like the soup that you liked, Jason, at Fire's Dinner and Dinner?  I liked the distribution method.
 I thought it was a very clever way to serve soup to so many people.
  We have opinions come up that I end up baffled by.
 OK, clever.
 If you're just admiring.
.
.
  Yeah, I'm just admiring that.
 But soup and mass out of pitchers.
  I don't know why you would have an affinity for this.
 Why this is a good thing.
  Where I get roasted too much.
 I'm just trying to figure it out where you can be coming from.
  I'm here for the ride.
 I enjoy your friendship very much.
  Sure.
 This is a.
.
.
 I'm going to probably mispronounce it.
  This is the character who is like a little.
.
.
 She is a 25.
.
.
 Specifically specify this 25 year old office worker character.
  And then when she gets mad, she looks like.
.
.
 She looks like this.
  Oh my God.
 She looks like a demon.
 Whoa.
 Amazing.
  Sanrio does those little 20, 30 second cartoons that you can see on their YouTube channel and stuff.
  I'll check it out.
 Yeah.
 So if the copier doesn't work or if she has to stay late, then she freaks out.
  I love this so much.
 Wow.
 It's a Sanrio about mild office conflict.
  It's universal, you know? The themes are universal.
 We've seen it so many different types of media.
  So now it's time for Sanrio.
 Do you think Gudetama is her roommate?  And they have an odd couple dynamic? I think they've interacted before.
  I think there's been cartoons with both of them before.
 Gudetama is not fazed by her.
 I know that.
  He would never be.
 If I know my man Gudetama.
  And you know what? This is reminding me.
 Universal.
 You got two Hello Kitty stores now on two different coasts.
  Get some Gudetama in there.
 That's the only thing I look for.
 And they don't have it.
  It's not.
 And easier to find in America.
 I remember a few years ago, like trying to find Gudetama stuff.
  And it's like, no, maybe if you go to Tokyo.
 I think I'm just at the mall.
  Now it's like in the Burbank mall I could find.
  Can I tell you the Internet alerts I somehow get? I don't know what put like what this put me on this.
  But around the holidays, I got an alert that said meet Gudetama in person at the Sanrio store in Little Tokyo.
  And I like put it in my calendar.
 Completely forgot.
 But I was like, oh, fuck, like so excited.
  Well, at Comic Con a few years ago.
 I don't think he would have been excited to meet you, unfortunately.
  That's just his way.
 I know.
 But again, if I know my man Gudetama, I don't want him to change.
  That's what you expect out of him.
 Yeah.
 I may have told this on the podcast before,  but they always have a big Sanrio booth at Comic Con.
 And a few years ago, there was like meet the creator of Gudetama.
  Meet the artist who designed.
 And she was literally at a fold at a table behind velvet ropes just sitting there.
  Because you couldn't just walk up and meet her.
 You had to spend like 40 to 50 dollars on Gudetama merchandise.
  And then you could meet her.
 That's an easy task.
 And I guess so.
  I was not looking to do that that day because they were also very large.
  The main Gudetama options were very large, but she was just sitting there very quiet.
  I was like, just kind of wait like, hi, I wish I could.
  I thought you were going to say that it was pandemonium and that everybody wanted to shake her hand.
  It should have been.
  Let's get let's get off of these beloved cute characters that we enjoy and start to get back to the pit where Buffalo are forced to perform  in France.
 I do have a review from I hate to keep going back to this hell hellish show,  but there's a review I found here.
 Honestly, I have no idea why anyone would give this five stars.
  The tricks are clearly staged, which, yeah, of course, the tricks are staged.
  There's a whole thing where Annie Oakley like pretends to shoot out lights and yeah, she's not shooting bullets at lights.
  So, yeah, that should actually hit the light bulbs and shatter the glass and have it go into your into your chili.
  There's a lot of interactions whilst you're trying to eat your awful dinner, which which felt odd.
  The bite.
 Yeah.
  So there's a little British review.
 The bison stink.
  So eat before they come out.
 That actually is very helpful.
  Yeah.
 Not suitable for people with allergies.
  And then and then there's no story to it.
  The only good thing was my daughter thinks many waved especially to her.
  OK, so there's a happy.
 So at least the daughter liked it.
  But this.
 Yeah, there's also there's a there's a contingent of people on the on these reviews that say this show is only for kids.
  Then there's a couple of people that say this show is for adults.
  So I don't know why.
 My interpretation was it's for no one.
  Yeah, but I think you're the right one in this.
 Yeah.
  I mean, it's for me, but it's not for like a normal human.
  I don't know if you poked around in the zone.
  I didn't go to the show, but I went into the lobby where the show where you wait before the show happens.
  And I have a video of us just it's only my wife and I in a in a heavily lit fake indoor Western town that's covered in like warnings about how if you go to the show, you might get sand and trail dust in your eyes.
  Oh, fuck.
 I wish we had poked our head and we didn't.
  Oh, man.
 I should have given you that tip to go go into this weird lobby and then and then, you know, so I have pictures of my wife looking very confused under a sign that says like a say office.
  And then and according to our live narration, it smelled like horses in this alley, even though there was not a horse in sight.
  And and the the Beverly Hills cop theme is playing very quietly and then right and then attached to it.
 It just it is connected to the movie theater lobby.
  So a couple steps away from fake Western town is this very like really garish 1997 multiplex.
  Gaumont is the or Garmont, I think, is the brand.
 Is it also by Billy Bob's Country Western Salute?  I'm not sure.
 I think oddly, no.
  I love how delighted you are by all these restaurants.
  So many of these things would be condescending if they weren't so clumsy.
  Yeah.
  There's one just called Sports Bar.
  Yeah, I think that one's next to the New York Sandwich place.
  Yeah.
  Which was next to the weird dilated Donald Duck.
  That's that's the row.
 That's really that's the heart of this district.
  Sports Bar has a big sign next to it that says snacks.
  And then I took a picture of a banner that's kind of of the quality of like, you know, like announcing speakers who might be coming to your college soon.
  It's very like it's very clip party.
  And it says 100 percent sports free karaoke and DJ entertainment.
  Well, OK.
  It's not mistranslated.
 Some places would be fine with 97 percent sports.
  Not the case with us.
 Not sufficient sports.
  I mean, this is this is all bringing up so many things that I'm so curious about.
  Like, for example, the what we haven't gotten to the McDonald's yet.
  But on the the Web site for Disney Village, there is Disney Village Web Radio where you can it's just a web music station.
  But and it it took me a few tries to get it to work.
  It just kind of opened like a browser window that looked like real player used to.
  And it was just playing very quiet house music.
  So I don't want.
 And then there but there's a Disney Village Web Radio spot on the map of like it's a location you can.
  So I don't know if that's just where the DJ booth is.
  And the like tune in and you'll find a host of hits.
  The next best thing to being there.
  Amazing.
 I don't recall seeing anything that.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I would imagine that description makes it seem like the way radio Disney used to be a presence in Tomorrowland.
  Oh, there was that little booth at the bottom of where the the rocket jets used to be.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 They turned into that awful sculpture right next to where it's like the Star Wars zone in Club Buzz.
  Yeah.
 If it is still called they jammed so many unpleasant things and all these places.
  I'm going to try to pull up the radio, but I'm probably going to fail.
  But maybe we'll get a nice little blast of house music.
  So far failing so far white screen and I don't know how much time I'm willing to invest in this.
  I thought maybe just like, oh, I'm using an older version of Safari because I have an update.
  But and then like I think I go back to the 97 version.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Did you try your browser?  If we open it up on like maybe like an old gateway.
 Wait, I got it.
 Oh, sorry.
 It interrupts.
  Yeah.
 It's like we're there.
 That's perfect.
  I thought I was going to be like the din of guests walking around like that would have been a little bit more interesting.
  That would have made sense.
 You know, like a live stream crying families, families coming apart.
  I did see I mean, this is a delight anytime you go to a theme park.
  So I did see a little girl full face of like fairy face paint just bawling her eyes out, crying, screaming with a mom who was yelling at her very sternly.
  Also full face of face.
 Oh, wow.
 The mom too.
  And I think that was like within the first five minutes of arrival.
  We landed in Paris and like took the magic shuttle they have from the airport directly to the resort.
  And that was the first thing we saw.
 And we're like, we're home.
  I'm going to go ahead and say this is the worst thing to happen in France in a hundred years at least.
  I think you're right.
 I don't want to correct you.
 Blaming crying pixies, having a meltdown.
  Well, this is also what I recall about when we poked our heads into the McDonald's is that like it's a two story McDonald's,  which gives you plenty of space for families to have complete and utter meltdowns.
  I felt like every direction I looked, I could just like sense the seeds of divorce being planted.
  Laid to board.
 Thank you so much.
  The beloved movie, Francis favorite movie.
 They watch it every day.
  Another area though, I mean, and this wasn't just specific to the McDonald's and Disney Village,  but McDonald's that we found all around Paris.
 But another point where they're kind of obsessed with Chicago beef.
  They had like a burger that was like the Chicago beef quarter pounder burger there.
  Wow.
 Is that exclusive to France?  Exclusive.
 I was trying to find other things that were specific to that, but that was the one that stood out.
  Well, that is another story that our daddy, Tony Baxter tells.
  Wait a minute.
 Wait a minute.
 Our spiritual father terminology.
  What did T back say?  That they they they were the French love like the 20 they love like the American roaring 20s and gangsters and stuff.
  And there was concept art for like a 20s themed Main Street USA.
  And then the Untouchables came out and Michael Eisner came in and was like, yeah, we can't we can't do because this is the most recent 20s thing.
  It was such a big hit.
 And they're like, we can't have an Al Capone themed Main Street because Robert DeJor just beat someone to death with a baseball bat.
  And a kid got blown up in that movie.
 He had a speakeasy.
  Probably wise.
 Yeah.
 Until that movie, though, of course, people had such they didn't think gangsters ever did anything bad.
  Why would you ever? There's a reason they call the Daly family the Saints of Chicago.
 Right.
  Of course.
 Oh, yes.
 We love the Daly's.
 They all had a work ethic that was unrivaled.
  Sure.
 Continued by the great Rahm Emanuel.
 Oh my God.
  A political figure who's done nothing wrong ever.
 Great history of mayors in Chicago.
  Now to take a big sip of water and look up Rahm Emanuel last five years.
  He's been on track, I assume.
 Well, a theme that they were OK with on the resort was Comedie del Arte, which apparently this McDonald's professes itself to be themed after the Comedie del Arte in a Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip move.
  Made the very relatable reference.
 That's what I was going to say.
 Comedie del Arte was mentioned in the making of this McDonald's and then not again until Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip.
  No pop culture acknowledgement.
 No one gives a shit.
  Well, I don't really know what it is and I don't know why this is themed to that.
  I guess because there are tiny old timey feeling statues of Bertie and Mayor McChese and that captain who I cannot retain the name of.
 The police chief? Yeah, the kind of like constable guy.
  Yeah, what is his name? The Constable of McDonaldland.
 I've thought about him.
 Not Mayor McChese.
  Officer McChese.
 Officer Big Mac? Did you just say? He said Officer Big Mac.
 I think you just made a character up.
 Officer Big Mac.
  I'm just going to look up, you know, I'm not going to look up that character.
 I'm going to look up Officer Big Mac and see what comes up.
  Either you get lucky or.
 We're about to get a virus.
 Jason is correct.
 Yeah.
 The character's name is Officer Big Mac.
 Wait, spin it around.
 We're thinking of the same guy.
 Officer Big Mac.
  Oh, yes.
 The guy actually though, I'm thinking of the more.
 You're thinking of a different police officer in McDonaldland? I've been calling that guy Mayor McChese this whole time.
 That's not Mayor McChese.
  Oh, I feel like he looks like a mayor.
 He's got a police.
 I don't know.
 He's a ruthless, corrupt cop.
  He is the bad lieutenant of the McDonaldland gang.
 It's a legacy of corruption like the Emanuel family, like like.
 Yes.
  Did you ever have this? Sorry, the sidetrack.
 This play place where you get to play an officer Big Mac's mouth and it looks like a jail and it looks like jail.
  I think one of my first memories on this earth may be blissing out inside Officer Big Mac's mouth.
  I love that.
 And if I could buy any giant McDonald's implement, that would probably be the good one for like a backyard.
  Well, we've all spent time in Officer Big Mac's mouth.
 Got it.
 And yet didn't know his name until now.
 Yeah, I didn't know his name either.
 We got up close and personal.
  Kudos to Jason.
 Great unifier.
 You're looking for a different police officer? There's like a more of a there's a sailor kind of guy.
 Oh, OK.
  With a big the kind of hat that Captain Crunch has the tall hat with the little rivets.
 Probably not a good description.
  You guys talk amongst yourselves while I look this up.
 Yeah.
 Look at the nautical McDonald's guy.
  Anyway, there's statues of all of those people meant to distract from the pure misery that the families of five are all having.
  But they seem to fail to do so.
 And those statues that you because you've sent us these before.
  These statues are very tiny.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And when we're used to in McDonald's giant depictions of the McDonald's land gang, these are very tiny and easy to miss.
  I found it.
 His name is Captain Crook.
 Hmm.
 This is him, right? That's not a food word.
  That is who I'm thinking.
 Yeah.
 And there is a Captain Crook statue.
 I love how half ass all these characters are.
 Oh, yeah.
  Universe description.
 Well, because they're all as we covered a little bit with the Crofts, they're all stolen from.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Right.
  The Crofts original.
 It seems like they struck gold with Ronald McDonald.
 They like invested all of their creative energy into that.
  And then afterward, everything was just an afterthought.
 It was like first draft written on a napkin.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Not nearly as the Hamburglar is good.
 Yeah.
 I will defend Mr.
 His motivation is clear.
 Such thought and consideration.
  Well, he's one of my he's my favorite character in fiction.
 What did everyone think about that attractive Hamburglar a few years ago?  Oh, yes.
 Sexy.
 Sexy.
 Yeah.
 I didn't care for him.
 Yeah.
 That seemed like an odd attempt to reconcile like McDonald's needing to be cool and right.
  It seems kind of similar to what KFC is doing now with all of the different kernels of like a way to kind of get back into the spotlight.
  The idea that they got any like feminist like wave of publicity off of having Reba be the first female Colonel.
 If you are giving KFC credit for this, if you think this is helping the world in any way, especially because she's frightening.
  That is the most hideous image.
 The commercial too doesn't make sense at all.
 So it kind of alludes to the fact that she's been the Colonel this whole time and is in fact wearing a Reba mask.
 Right.
  Is that sort of that every time you've seen Reba in the world, right, that she's wearing a wig and is truly the Colonel.
 This is awful plotty for an ad for a chicken restaurant.
  And the blowback I saw from it was people going like, well, well, KFC has entered the gender war now.
 More social justice warriors trying to shove their gender fluidity down our throats.
  Oh my God.
 They're not wrong.
 They're not wrong.
  Which again, I'm here for it.
 I'm here for it.
 So they won.
 I'm aboard.
  Other McDonaldland characters, just because I'm here.
 Sure.
 That we may not be familiar with the professor.
 Do we know the professor? This guy with the yeah, I remember as a kid was seeing these characters in the periphery and feeling like their heyday must have come five years earlier.
  Yeah, they are not continuing to like fill us in on the mythology of who they are.
 How about Cosmack? Cosmack.
 I have no idea.
 Cosmack's a big boy.
 Cosmack's a thick boy.
  But this was right around the time that Burger King was also like pushing the cool kids club down our throats.
 And there was like this weird need for having this like universe of different characters, Avengers like in their storylines.
  We just want to eat fries.
 We don't care about that.
  I liked the idea that you could run into one of the one of these characters might be making an appearance.
 Yes, I would.
 I'll say I was obsessed with the McDonaldland gang.
 Yeah.
 And I love the universe as I did the Burger King kids club.
 The kids club would mail you stuff, right? You would sign up and they would mail your magazine and puzzles and stuff.
 Wonderful.
 Yeah, it was wonderful.
  The last character I'll bring up in case you didn't know.
 Oh, I know this one.
 Of course.
 We've talked about him before many times, Jason and I alone.
 This is Grimace's uncle, Uncle O'Grimacey.
 No! And he's a Shamrock Shake Man.
 And he is a Shamrock Shake Man.
 Alright, now I'm back on board.
 He's sort of the McDonald's equivalent.
 I take back everything that I've said.
 So he's like neighbors with Cookie Opus, the Carvel Cookie.
 They don't share that universe.
 Why do you say that? Because they're certain.
 I'm shipping them right now.
  Similar and fat and smiley.
 Well, Cookie Puss is the normal Carvel Ice Cream Cake and then Cookie Opus is the St.
 Patrick's Day version.
 Oh, I see what you're saying.
 Alright, I'll let you have that.
 Is it just green or where are the ingredients? It's green and he's got a little hat.
 Are you making this up? No.
 Cookie Opus is very real.
 This is not like a new 90s character either.
 If you'll see, this is a screenshot from an old commercial with Uncle O'Grimacey.
 So he's been around for a long time.
 He's so funny.
 I don't think he gets rolled out.
 He's fatter than Grimacey.
  He is double the size of Grimacey.
 There are two men in that suit.
 There must be.
 There's one man and then five kids surrounding him in the belly area.
 It's like part of the Nutcracker when that one.
.
.
 I'm going to break down the Nutcracker plot for you guys.
 That one woman lifts her skirt and then five kids come out.
 You guys know.
 I experience culture.
 Really? Okay.
 Whatever dance that is.
 That's what O'Grimacey is doing.
 Uncle O'Grimacey.
 We'll see that in that Disney Nutcracker that's coming out that I have no idea about.
  No desire.
 No, you mean Nutcracker and the Curse of the Four Realms? Is it a live action? It's a live action.
 It's not Curse.
 It's like Nutcracker and something of the Four Realms.
  There needs to be a name for that area between animated and live action that these Disney movies are.
 The Bergen movies.
 Lion King is not live action because it can't be.
 Jungle Book isn't live action.
  It's referred to as a tax write off.
 It is a write off and it doesn't do well.
 The Nutcracker and the Four Realms is the name of this upcoming Nutcracker film.
 Who's in the film?  Well, thank you for asking.
 It is starring Mackenzie Foy, Keira Knightley, Helen Mirren, and Morgan Freeman.
  Okay.
 This is why we don't.
.
.
 We are so much more strongly Theme Park fans than we are Disney fans.
 And if we were Disney fans, we would have to care about Nutcracker and the Curse of the Forbidden Realm.
  I will tell you this.
 I was at D23 when they announced a lot of these movies last year.
  The crowd screaming, Four Realms! Four Realms! Everything they showed.
 I mean, whatever it was, Wrinkle in Time or if it was a clip of Lin-Manuel Miranda in Mary Poppins.
  People losing their shit.
 This weird Wreck-It Ralph 2 scene that I didn't personally care for.
 People loved it.
 Then they played the trailer for Nutcracker and the Four Realms and it ate shit in there.
  Amazing!  And it was not.
.
.
 These are the biggest nerds in this room that will just throw them red meat and they love it.
 The Nutcracker and the Four Realms, not that psyched about it as a whole audience.
  It's kind of like how almost.
.
.
 It's almost a guarantee if you go to Comic-Con, whatever has the biggest building wrap or poster is going to be a failure.
  Yes, that's true.
  What was the one a few years ago? Sky Realm or Sky.
.
.
  I don't even remember.
 I hadn't heard of it until the billboards were like.
.
.
  Valerian and the four.
.
.
  Oh yeah.
  And the Four Realms.
  And the Planet of Four Realms.
  I think it's like the clunkier title though, because that's a pretty clunky title.
  Yes.
  I mean, that also too.
  If you can't recall it offhand, then you're not going to see it.
  If you can't recall anything where it's like, beloved European comic, it's like, oh, Americans don't care.
 Americans.
.
.
  Yeah.
  If that was the case, Osterix and Obelisk would be all over America.
  Rex's girlfriend in France would be here by now.
  Yeah.
  Did you see Rex's girlfriend?  No.
  Maybe they took that out.
  No, I didn't.
  There's this odd.
.
.
 I think I talked about it on the show once before that at the end, because when I went, they had not changed over Star Tours yet.
  So on the way out, there was this odd silent robot that was clanking around, but not speaking and vaguely seemed female.
  And then I looked it up and there is video where you can't see her in action.
  And she was like gushing with praise about Rex, the Star Tours pilot and his bravery.
  Oh yeah.
  And I guess it's defined as Rex's girlfriend, although I don't think her dialogue explicitly explains that.
  But they're going to get married just like Kitty and Kitty Boy.
  I would love to see Rex's wedding and Rex and Rex's girlfriend in little bow ties that are maybe still made out of gears or whatever.
  I think maybe.
.
.
 I know in your career, you don't want to do a lot of stuff with IP, but if there was a movie about Rex and Rex's girlfriend getting married, I think maybe you would write that.
  There's only one IP that I would care to get super invested in, which is the world of Rex.
  And I could not have been more disappointed that Rex appeared in one of those cartoons.
  He was just boring.
 He just said some fucking Star Wars boring ass transit kind of dialogue.
  Rex is funny.
 He's the best.
 He's the coolest.
 He's my hero.
  I want to make the movie that's about him not flying or doing Star Wars stuff, but just meeting that girlfriend and then planning the wedding and having a lot of problems planning the wedding.
  Sure.
 They're like sucking all the meat off of the bone.
  Like, listen, it's like the hangover except the wedding is between droids and then all the calamity happens.
  It's Father of the Bride meets the Star Wars universe.
  And there can be another can be a Frank-esque robot as well.
  A fuss budget.
  America's favorite fictional character, Frank.
  Frank.
 Why isn't Frank anywhere in Disneyland Paris? Martin Short's Father of the Bride wedding.
  Well, that's what the wedding pavilion is named after in Florida.
  We talked about it before.
  Oh, you're right.
  The wedding pavilion by the Grand Floridian of Florida is named after Martin Short's character.
  That's incredible.
  I didn't know that.
 That's amazing.
  Similarly, Annette's Diner in Disney Village is named after Annette Funicello.
  So that's a little touch.
  That was my question.
  I liked that.
  Annette's, by the way, Annette's is like a diner.
  Yeah, it's a massive two story diner.
 All of these restaurants are gigantic.
  Huge, yes.
  It's like a 50s diner.
  But it's like an airplane hangar.
 It's so huge.
  That famous 50 diner style, elevators and staircases.
  Which apparently they have waitresses on roller skates and they go up the stairs on them.
  Oh, wow.
  I was trying to find video of like, is it a thing?  Is it a trick that they know how to do it gracefully going up and down stairs?  Or do these people have to just sadly skate by skate, go up and down stairs carrying food all day?  I'm going to say a little column A, a little column B.
  Yeah, it's between interesting and depressing.
  There's also a two story Earl of Sandwich and got to be the funniest restaurant that I came across.
  Five Guys.
 There's a Five Guys.
  There are Five Guys everywhere.
  Also, Five Guys is the first thing that you see when you walk into Disneyland, that whole area.
  Oh, really?  That's the entrance and then there's like a little bit like the pre Disney Village kind of restaurants and businesses.
  The first thing is Five Guys and then maybe the back of the movie theater.
  So that's the icon of the land is the Five Guys.
  Really?  The castle is the icon of Disneyland Paris.
  But in France, the Five Guys are America, Great Britain, Russia, China and the Five Victor, the ally powers.
  Oh, now we got where you were going with that.
  They changed the mythology.
  The permanent security council.
  I thought you were going to give like like it's Gerard de Pardue.
  The guy from the artist.
  The dog?  Yeah, the dog.
  Augie.
  Augie, thank you.
  Rest in peace, Augie.
  By the way, I was looking up things that had happened at I was like, are there any big official events happen at the Planet Hollywood in Disneyland Paris?  And it did host a premiere of a film that John Dujardin from the artist is currently in.
  And the movie is called Hell Phone.
  And let me show you guys a photo of this.
  It is a movie about a demonic cell phone.
  And I'm looking at the director and the star of the movie, seeming super cocky and proud about Hell Phone.
  This is in 2007.
  And the phone is like a little little devil guy.
  It has little little like double ear antennas.
  Yeah, it seems to be like a I can't think of an equivalent like fucked up horror comedy.
  What's the John dies at the end or something?  Idol fans.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Kind of.
  Yeah, like a raunchy high school.
  So yeah, when you're at Disneyland Planet Hollywood, remember that's part of history.
  It was the premiere of Hell Phone.
  I've also got a photo of what is a few.
  One is Stallone and Depardieu looking.
  Oh, yeah.
  And those giant planet Hollywood Jackets.
  Yeah.
  Oh, but they're real like they're so cool.
  Crispy looking real like shiny leather jackets because these are jackets that are meant to be worn once and never again.
  Yeah, that's true.
  They're brand new and they never shoved into Depardieu's closet forever unless maybe puked on it or something.
  I will say also that I was going to say like so all of the restaurants in Disney Village are two stories and huge.
  They all have incredible gift shops.
  So they're surrounded by all the Disney stores and you can get all the Disney merch there.
  But the gift shops within the restaurants, it's like the gaudiest, like most disconnected,  Disney like stuff you can get by playing skeeball at Chuck E.
 Cheese kind of bullshit.
  So it's like a lot of weird baseball caps and like things that have nothing to do with anything.
  I found a sign that is similar like kind of big, big obnoxious letterman jackets and the poster.
  I couldn't even I don't know where it was advertising.
  You would get these, I guess some store in Disney Village had these letterman jackets.
  I just saw an outdoor poster for it that says be preppy.
  And then under that NYC and then forty nine ninety euro.
  What more is there to say?  You get it.
 You don't even know where to go.
 Find them.
  We did enough for you.
  Yeah, there's a lack of respect that's universally acknowledged throughout all these merch stations.
  Yeah, yeah.
 They're rushing you through.
  They're they're leaving you up to dry.
  Eat this crepe and take this letterman jacket, you dumb bitch.
  Did you guys go to the Rainforest Cafe at all?  I did not.
 We dipped in.
  I have weird connections to the Rainforest Cafe because I actually used to work in college.
  I went to Chapman right by Disneyland.
 Oh, no kidding.
  Yeah.
 And worked in the gift shop at Rainforest Cafe in downtown Disney.
  So it's weird every time, even though no one would remember me and like it doesn't matter.
  But I feel like I'm crossing this like haunted threshold every time I walk into a Rainforest Cafe.
  There's a real issue there, which is that I was thinking about going to Chapman.
  And then I went down with a with a friends to check out the area.
  And we went to that Rainforest Cafe after.
  And I got way too stoned and had just like a like really freaked out, upsetting dinner where like I was actually frightened of all the gorillas and stuff.
  And it made me decide to not go to Chapman.
  For some reason, I tied those things together.
 I can't go to Chapman.
 Too many gorillas jumping out at you.
  I think it did give me this.
 It made me feel like it might be depressing to hang out in Orange County for four years, which I don't.
  But that was unfair of me because I was an idiot who took a drug that he doesn't like.
  So I don't know how was being in Orange County for.
  It was interesting because so I grew up in North Hollywood and grew up as a ska kid when I was in high school.
  So I spent all of my youth taking the Disneyland bus from downtown to go to ska shows on the weekend.
  Where? The House of Blues?  Yeah, like sort of all around.
 I had friends that would pick me up from like the Disneyland bus station.
  And then we would like go see like the Aquabats at like, yeah, House of Blues or Chain Reaction or something.
  So it's very OC.
 Just every weekend.
 Every weekend.
 Yeah.
  I mean, chances are.
 Yeah.
 So I spent all that time like kind of escaping to Orange County.
  And then by the time I went to Chapman, I started doing standup in college and spent the weekends escaping to L.
A.
  So I never it was like this sort of flip flop.
  But it was nice working at downtown Disney for that brief period, because then, of course, you get to go to Disneyland on top of that.
  So I would constantly like wake up early and like go on one ride before my first college class.
  Then like walk into my class and be like, I've already been to Disneyland today.
  And no one cared.
 And, you know, I was the weirdo riding like pirates by myself.
  It was fantastic.
 Yeah.
 But actually working.
 Yeah.
  It was it was hard to be so close to that temptation, too.
  But then working there helped that.
 But my job at the Rainforest Cafe was very demeaning.
  I basically was the person that interrupts your dinner and asks if you want a photo to commemorate your time at the Rainforest Cafe.
  Yeah.
 Oh, it is the worst job.
 Yeah.
 It's the worst.
  Yeah.
 People probably brush you off real hard.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I feel like I've been rude to those people.
 And you're not like.
 Rightfully so.
  I shouldn't be mad at the person.
 You're mad at the idea that why would I?  And I know that's going to be nineteen dollars for no reason.
 It's so dumb.
 Yeah.
  And I was just like this meek little 19 year old interrupting like 21st birthdays and other bullshit.
  And then without fail, like the memory card would jumble and I would never get a photo out and then get yelled at by my manager.
  So it's like I already have the unpleasant experience of interrupting so many birthdays and so many, you know, like grad nights and then like cut to later that night when the one person wanted to buy a twenty dollar photo.
  I'd be like, I don't know what happened.
 Like I had it on the file and it just was the worst.
  So, yeah.
 The Rainforest Cafe, the picture of it from the outside, like the one in Anaheim, even though the food inside might be horrible.
 Yeah.
  Is cool looking.
 Yeah.
 It's nice to look at.
 It's nice to look at.
 It's got a lot of water.
 It's Disney levelish theming.
 Yeah.
  The one here and maybe I'm wrong.
 I know exactly what you're going to say.
 It's like it's a tiny little entrance way that's kind of themed and then there are just a bunch like two tall mushrooms outside.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What are those? Bizarre mushrooms.
 Also, it's like the view I saw was only themed halfway up the building and the rest was like corrugated metal.
 It's big and blocky.
 Yeah.
  It's bad.
 Yeah.
 And the mushrooms, I don't understand, like the rainforest, like you could just put some fake trees, a couple of fake trees there maybe if you don't have that much money.
 Instead, like mushroom, like fungus, like where fungus is outside of this restaurant.
  There's also, I don't know if you guys saw in your research, but there is like this little cage just like right off of the entrance and it looks like this little like fake creaky lagoon-y kind of thing.
  But it's just like this really shitty rubber robot of an alligator that like every five minutes, just long enough for you to go, is this going to move? It's not going to move.
 It'll open its mouth and that's it.
  Make a sound or just open its mouth? Maybe, but like we kind of like just sort of peered in and had that moment of like ehh and it moved a little bit.
 I think maybe made a small sound, but it was nothing spectacular.
  But people all around it were reacting.
 There's no aesthetic plan here.
 It's all over the, the Disney Village logo by the way is hideous.
 Oh my god, yeah, the logo, gee.
 It's every color and every font all at once.
 You couldn't like memorize it and draw it.
  The Cafe Mickey stuff too.
 Yeah, I wrote down that that's an aesthetic barf.
 An Italian restaurant, but seems more like what an Italian American, like it seems very.
 And there's no way to tell what cuisine it is until you're like right up close.
  You can't even see from afar, like there was, because that was something that we were like, oh, maybe that could be where we have our meal here because we haven't even touched on like the weird King Arthur themed restaurant.
 King Ludwig's.
  Yes, but that was like the one I was like, maybe it's maybe it's just like sort of nice, like basic American cuisine and then it's Italian and but it's also connected to the New York Hotel in a weird way, isn't it? It's like right around the corner from it.
 Yeah, I think so.
 I saw a video that was listing the top five restaurants in Disney Village, Paris and the Cafe Mickey was one of them.
  But but in the video, it's like the food is nothing much to speak of, but it's where you get to meet Mickey or whatever.
 And that was the second or maybe third time he had said the food isn't much to speak of and like, but this is a you're made a video about restaurants and your top five.
  You three of them, you think the food is bad.
 That is really what you're dealing with there.
 I mean, they should just clone Disney.
 Disney Springs is so great.
 Like, yes, I think that's all anybody want is like a like an act.
 How about just an actual type of restaurant? That's my plus it up is just like not some bizarre hybrid of French and hot dog or Italian, but not committed to how crazy is it to you're in a city you're 45 minutes away from a restaurant.
  You're 45 minutes away from a city that is full of wonderful restaurants.
 Just one would make all the difference.
 Put a pret amazure in there.
 Exactly the confidence of just one kind of cuisine.
 The fact that it has like the same kind of like self consciousness of like a cheesecake factory scattered menu, you know, just throwing pasta and sandwiches and like all of that stuff.
  But you I would dream of a cheesecake factory.
 Yeah, well, if only there were anything of that level of consistency, something you could trust.
 We did.
 Where did you didn't eat anywhere on the in this? No, no, I didn't.
 We just sort of poked around and like sort of ate it because they have a lot of stands that are just like crepe stands and different sort of sweet treats.
  So we kind of poked around there and did things that we considered safe in that.
 But we did eat inside the park in the Disney Studios, like the Aerosmith Alley area.
 Oh, all right.
 Got sandwiches at like one of those shitty like you're on the studio lot, like whatever it's called to kind of grab and go.
  Love to eat at a big commissary.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, just, you know, so outside of my normal life, I wanted to really dip my toe in.
 Lights camera dinner.
 Yeah, pretty much.
 Lazily named.
 You know, you know where I am, I would be remiss if we didn't if we finished this episode before I  scolded the California Grill, the single worst meal experience I've had in a Disney park.
 It was the first meal of the of our honeymoon in two weeks.
 Maybe the worst meal experience I've ever had.
  And where is this? This is in that that beautiful ornate Disneyland hotel at the entrance of that because we this a lot of our frustration is we like went up and down that Disney Village zone, trying to find something edible, didn't didn't seem like anything was going to work.
  We didn't want to settle for Earl of Sandwich.
 We started going to the hotels.
 Those places were all either booked up or closed and that same kind of attitude of like we have been booked for months.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Why wouldn't you know this? Exactly.
 So we ended up going to the Disney to the California Grill.
 There's a very great restaurant called the California Grill at the top of the contemporary.
 Wonderful.
 Yes.
 One of the best Disney restaurants.
 So we assumed it might be in the same family as that.
  So we went and put our name in and then went to this like DMV waiting room equivalent, not decor wise, like decor wise.
 It looks it's kind of like Main Street wallpaper and it's called the Main Street Grill.
 But it's just, you know, like 17 children jammed into every chair and people spilling out and screaming and chaos and like whatever the, you know, the French equivalent of rednecks are.
  There's a lot of those around just shitty, shitty t shirts and shitty attitudes.
 You could order a drink in the Main Street Grill and Erin ordered a Chardonnay and the waitress was like, oh, Chardonnay.
  What the fuck? How my wife said Chardonnay.
 What? Amazing.
 Which I've watched her order a lot of Chardonnays in this marriage and let me tell you, she says it perfectly.
 I don't know what she could have done differently.
 Is there some French way of saying it? Do you pronounce it ham bone?  What about Le Chardonnay? There you go.
 You know your French.
 Orangina? Orangina as well? That's what they were there for not ordering an Orangina.
 I think there's also regions of France where they say croque monsieur.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, then you get after a two hour wait where we're scolded for pronunciation of not French words.
 Then we then we end up in this in the restaurant, which is like it's like patterns that are like it's like what American girl dolls wear.
  It's just this kind of like doily Easter dress kind of environment.
 Like a less charming version of Mrs.
 Knott's chicken dinner.
 And then just like endless wait for all the food.
 It's cold by the time it comes.
  She got this vegetable medley that was there was a squash that was impossible to cut.
 Like she made a lot of goes at it.
 Didn't make barely a divot.
 Bailed on it.
 All told 250 euro like competitive to the fanciest meal we had the entire time on our.
  Like on our nice honey moon.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I believe so.
 Something like that's like a Michelin tasting menu.
 Yeah.
 Jesus.
 Fuck prices you would pay for multiple Michelin stars for three hours of waiting for attitude for doilies.
  There's we found video that we took of it where we're all we're we're having meltdowns where and then we scheduled this where this was the end of our honeymoon.
 We just been in Florence, one of the greatest cities in the world.
 And then we're like, do we do the planet Hollywood? No.
 You want to try the California grill.
  I wonder how that is.
 Oh, the worst dining experience we ever had.
 You had that experience.
 Hey, that's all right.
 Look, I've clearly gotten over it.
 I didn't.
 I mean, to our podcast complaining about the experience or not.
 I feel in a good place about it.
 Yeah.
  I mean, it's fun.
 It is very funny to think about, like, the safest options in this area are probably five guys, McDonald's, Earl of Sandwich and Starbucks.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like, which which you wouldn't be.
 I mean, that'd be like, I guess everything's close.
 That'd be like if I was at downtown Disney in Anaheim.
  It's like, oh, it's late.
 Most places are.
 All right.
 I'll do.
 You know, you know what I went and ordered at the Earl of Sandwich was a banana because a banana, you know what you are getting.
 You can see that there is, you know, nothing is nobody has cut into the peel and added salt or cheese or grease.
  It has its own wrapper that I know has not been befouled.
 So I appreciated the simple banana.
 That was the best food I had in Disney Village.
 It was a banana.
 Yeah.
 That's just which is saying something that and this all basically I think it taught me something about my capacity for Kitsch and going and experiencing insane places that you know are a little bad and hokey.
  But you'll have a good time.
 Food is my hard line.
 Yeah.
 If there's if there's one solid meal I can have, I can do endless hours of Kitsch.
 But I just we felt like trapped.
 Like, what are we going to do? This does feel like the evil version of your aesthetic.
  This feels like what you like of what I know you like.
 This feels like the pervert like the cartoon Satan, you know, your shoulder with the go to the phone on my shoulder.
 Right.
 Like you get the one thing you love in the world, but you know, it's going to burn every time you take a bite of your sandwich or something.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Because I think that like our capacity for the Kitsch over the quality of food, it's great if it's I mean, not great, but like it's it's palatable if it's just one restaurant out of the whole collection of restaurants.
 I feel like you kind of get that with downtown Disney regular.
  But then there are so many other restaurants in that area that kind of like elevated and make up for it where, you know, you have like the New Orleans style cage and stuff that's like pretty good in comparison to the shit show that is a rainforest cafe.
 Sure.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  Kind of be like, well, that's a given a take, but the fact that all of this is a strikeout.
 Yeah.
 It just speaks.
 All they need is one and five guys at least is that is oddly a step in the right direction unless there's some weird overthought way.
  Like some Renaissance themed five guys.
 You know, yeah, you don't have peanuts that are free.
 They have what's the French? They have weird frog legs.
 That's my weird.
 You throw the frog legs on the ground.
  Are there the bones on the floor? I would actually enjoy that.
 Yeah, that would be even being a vegan.
 I would enjoy that.
 Yeah, it's entire frogs.
 You break off the legs yourself and then spit out the frog skeletons onto the ground.
 Have you ever eaten tried to eat a frog leg? No, have you?  Well, a friend friend, you're really dissing Grissom.
 We have not.
 He'll eventually be on the show.
 He we went somewhere downtown and he ordered them.
 He's like, yeah, I just got them for the table.
 What? And like, I eat meat, but it was a full fraud.
  I was going to break them off the body and I didn't.
 I couldn't do it.
 I could not do it.
 I haven't had them presented like that.
 Have you had turtle soup? No turtle.
 I've had turtle before.
 Neither of these turtle.
 I've had kangaroo to that one was not a hell.
 Yeah.
  List the animals you've eaten.
 Boar, kangaroo, buffalo.
 Keep going.
 Venison, crocodile, gator, pepperoni.
 I think I've had gator.
 Pepperoni.
 Pepperoni.
 Muskrat.
 I've never had muskrat, but I've had like game.
 I guess I guess it was just someone had made gate like something they just call the game into jerky.
 I guess it was venison deer.
  Disneyland cat.
 Yeah.
 Disneyland cat.
 Caught one and fried it up just for fun.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I think the kitsch that I will agree.
 I when I go into the kitsch sort of setting, my aspect, I manage my expectations and it's like, well, at least I can get like a burger and fries.
 Yeah.
 Fine.
  Like a veggie burger, something like that.
 Fine.
 Like, you know, it's not going to be like the best thing in the world, but I do have to agree.
 Like five guys.
 It reminds me of the way that downtown Disney and Disney Springs are like kind of changing where there's more fast, casual sort of like as tastes have changed.
  TGI Friday more like whatever Panera or Chipotle's.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 I think the I think parks in general are evolving and I think the idea that theme park food is bad is starting to go by the wayside a little bit.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And I think the sense of yeah, there's decent restaurants in downtown Disney seems like Disney Springs has a lot and even like universal Hollywood, which has always been horrible.
 That Harry Potter.
 I didn't need it.
 The Harry Potter restaurant seems to get great.
 It's good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And their beers and stuff are good.
  I just want I hope that we keep going down this path because some theme park restaurants are legitimately some of my favorite restaurants anywhere.
 It's like there's nothing dictating that theme park food has to be a joke or stupid or bad.
  And boy, Disney Studios Paris or Disney Village Paris offers a Jurassic Park esque lesson and what happens if you aren't careful in your in your design and your plotting.
  I think that's just like a case of mismanaged fun too because when you go into like those rainforest cafe type restaurants and you're looking around at all the decor and you're going well that costs a lot of money to get like a robot gorilla that like swats around every couple minutes.
  And literally they're going to skimp on like you know this quarter pounder burger I'm about to enjoy or this you know fettuccine.
 But the fact that it's all of that all the time.
 Another thing that was kind of bizarre that I'd never experienced at another theme park where inside the theme parks like I think the Disney Studios Park closed at like I want to say 8 p.
m.
  or Disneyland closed at 10 the restaurants would close an hour before the theme park actually closed.
 So at one point we were just walking around going what the fuck do we do.
 Like what if we were planning to eat at the end of the day.
  I had that experience like in the in the like slower times in Florida maybe like in off seasons where it's just like yeah we're closing early.
 Right.
 Right.
 But yeah I don't know.
 We were there in the dead of winter we were there in December and you could tell it was like a less staffed time.
  So a ton of restaurants just not open at all.
 They had a pizza planet that wasn't open.
 They had like decent sounding places.
 Right.
 So and and they're just like just kind of funneling people into like the four restaurants that are open.
 So they're all super crowded lines out the door.
  It was a it was such a food crisis.
 Yeah.
 Did you enjoy your your Disney Paris experience overall or was it.
 I did I did.
 I'm glad I did it.
 I mean I feel like if you're going to do the international parks you should probably do Disney Paris before Tokyo because Tokyo was such an amazing experience.
  OK.
 Yeah.
 Like I kept being like oh but it's not you know and I haven't been to any of the China ones and I plan to knock them all off my list.
 But yeah I'm glad I did do it.
 I will say the Ratatouille ride is one of the best rides I've ever been on in my life.
  Oh wow.
 Yeah.
 It's so good.
 And that restaurant supposedly is.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We didn't get a chance to eat there but that whole area is kind of bizarre because it's like a mini Paris in Paris.
 Yeah.
 And and so that was kind of interesting.
  But like the ride though.
 Well what great ride.
 Oh it's such a great ride.
 I mean as far as like a ride story goes like my husband Mike and I we were sort of riffing on the fact that especially at Universal like ride stories can be so chaotic.
 Like I don't know what's happening on the Transformers ride.
  I'm just talking about that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I couldn't pass a quiz about that.
 I don't know.
 But most rides that are that style it's like go go go.
 All right.
 Now we got to go over here.
 Oh now here's this.
 What are you guys doing.
 You know it's just like a lot of those kind of soundbites.
  And then by the end without fail it's always one character being like thank you for your bravery.
 I didn't do anything.
 I'm just sitting here.
 You saved the minions.
 You saved the players.
 You saved the minions.
  But then the ride story for Ratatouille like you get it.
 It's a dark ride.
 You're going to shrink down to I did air quotes like people could hear them.
 You can quote shrink down to a mouse's size and then you're kind of scattering around.
  And it was like such a great parallel to the experience of the movie.
 And it just was done really well.
 It's in 3D and there are all these really great screens.
 We did.
 We almost had a walk out which my husband was very excited about because he's heard about it through your podcast.
  So every time we got on a ride he's like do you think we're going to do a walk out.
 And we did not because he kept saying it.
 But he cursed it.
 He cursed it.
 But we went as far as sitting on the ride and then it stopped and we had to go and they gave us fast food.
  And then we had to go and they gave us fast passes.
 And my joke for the day was oh they kept having to stop the ride to fetch a child cigarettes.
 That was my Disney Paris joke that no one else appreciated.
  That's right.
 Children love to smoke in France and the age of consent is 12.
  I said that I actually did a stand up show when I was in France.
 It was an English speaking show.
  And yeah I was dreading it all day.
 I thought that it was going to be a real shit show but it actually was pretty great.
 And I opened with like my Disneyland Paris riffs which were not appreciated.
  So maybe Parisian people don't go to Disneyland Paris.
 I think that must be it.
 Surely they were hilarious so that must not be a factor.
  They worked here.
 They work with a deep theme partner audience which is the only audience you should care about I feel.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But thank you.
 And I do.
 But yeah that was a real highlight.
 And unfortunately Phantom Manor was closed so we didn't enjoy sharing that.
  I know.
 I know.
 But we did our first ride was going on the Space Mountain out there and that was great because they've got fucking loops and like little corkscrew twirls.
  It's Jules Verne.
 Yeah.
 It shoots you like a bullet in a gun and you're just like zipping through and they outfitted it to be Star Wars like so.
 Oh right.
 They had that going for it too.
  Yeah.
 I heard it was good for my wife who went while I waited outside.
 Oh no.
 That launch starts there boy.
 Got the quick launch.
 Yeah.
 I get it.
 I get it.
  It seems like an amazing ride though.
 Yeah.
 It was super fun.
 I wasn't scared.
 Yeah.
 One thing that I realized quickly is that there isn't a similar sense of like waking up early and camping out culture there.
  Oh no which is huge in Tokyo.
 Huge in Tokyo.
 Yeah.
 And huge out here.
 But we got there.
 I was surprised to learn that the parks didn't open until 10 a.
m.
 I was like it's about to be spring break guys.
  Like up your game.
 So we got there especially early and like ran to Space Mountain and almost the first people in line like nobody.
 Nobody came.
 The ride operator was finishing their cigarette.
  I had the same experience when I went to Dollywood where I approached it in the same way.
 I'm like surely people are going to be lined up.
 No not at all.
 And like I beat the actual employee.
 I ran to like tour Dolly's tour bus and I beat the employee.
  Like she actually called after me and was like wait ma'am ma'am ma'am what are you doing? And then she like ran behind me.
 She screamed and then like quickly reset herself and went welcome Dolly Parton's tour bus.
 This is our tour bus from 1991 to 1997.
 Do you want to look at our wigs?  And I was like yes I do.
 Oh boy.
 We got to see those wigs.
 We got to talk.
 We got to talk Dollywood at some point.
 Yeah.
 You guys got to go.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I want to try to go to Paris.
 I've always wanted to see Paris and I've always been like well I got to see Disneyland Paris.
 You got to go to Disneyland Paris.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I got to see Disneyland Paris.
 I looked up.
 I could see you coming back from Disneyland Paris and going guys you were wrong.
 I love you.
  I will probably love it.
 I will probably love it.
 I looked up.
 There's a lot of great candy if you're into candy stuff.
 No he loves candy.
 I looked up a blog.
 The Disney tourist blog which is a husband wife who write about like they do trip reports and they go to the parks all over the world and they I just searched on Google search the blog name and Disney Village and their reaction seemed to be like we walked through it.
  It was confusing but like they had like a hundred tips for like Disney Paris and stuff and I was like searched food and they're like there is a grocery store close by and many hotels have full kitchens and we recommend you take advantage of that.
 Yes.
 That's what we had.
 We had like a full kitchen in our hotel bizarrely.
 Yeah.
 Oh.
 But yeah that was that was weird.
 We haven't even gotten into the weird princess versus pirates thing.
 Oh yeah.
 Oh my god.
 Over there like the French  people have a weird affinity for pirates and probably specifically Jack Sparrow.
 I think they like personally relate to him on like a deeper level.
 He's a sleaze bag.
 Yeah.
 Like this is the only area where like the Johnny Depp wine video didn't shock anyone.
 And they do spend like a great bit of real estate on the property to Pirates of the Caribbean.
 There's like a whole Pirates of the Caribbean sort of area like a little island.
  It's sort of instead of Tom Sawyer Island is like all pirates.
 It's a pirate thing.
 OK.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 Well some pirate restaurant or something if there's so pirate crazy to plus that up.
 Yeah.
 That's that Disney Village job.
 Try to figure out what Jack Sparrow's favorite meals are.
 He's probably he's probably a gourmand.
 He probably eats crazy.
 And all you crazy.
 I know a I know a prefix pirate themed menu available that they would like.
  You mean the dinner.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Just the soup that you love so much.
 Yeah.
 It's just the pitcher soup.
 All right.
 Good.
 So maybe the idea of a restaurant that'll save this whole thing is like a giant pitcher of soup and you can like release a spigot and then fill up a smaller pitcher of soup.
  I have a new category for the podcast The Ride for our patented scale.
 You know we usually have plus it up.
 I'm suggesting maybe plus it down maybe just go all the way with it and add like a pet store and a check cashing business to do like let's just if it's already there let's just make it far removed from Disney and don't even maybe don't even call it just called the village.
  And then like you can go down there and there's a ninety nine cents store or something.
 Absolutely.
 So happens to be within the vicinity of Disney Paris.
 We are not associated with the sure they import pick pockets.
 Yes of course.
 They don't need to.
  Okay.
 This is pretty abundant.
 So you're suggesting that the way to improve Disney Village Paris is for it to have any purpose whatsoever.
 Well I guess yes I'm sort of saying abandon cut it off from the rest of the resort and then maybe it'll really only be a better greater contrast of the magic of the actual park itself.
  I have one more tiny plus it up idea which is don't have a giant creepy tent rusting away with no labels and empty marquees and a green fabric staircase that leads to an empty mound.
 These are also things you can go just walk up to in this place or the damn balloon.
  Oh yeah.
 Well that's in this that's that's in the spring.
 Oh that's the thing.
 The balloon is called Panorama Zeke and in Disney Studios Paris there's already a thing.
 There's a show called Cinemagique and Ani Magique.
 There's so much fucking magic.
  We can check out the Ani Magique or any of that.
 Like it kind of felt like I forget what it's called.
 Oh the Philhar Magic.
 It kind of felt like in that sort of neighborhood.
 Yeah.
 Of show if only though just a little bit still our magic is I mean I was going to say my be a bueno in the wrong country.
  Tray Tray many.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean your feet.
 It makes me say our pirate.
 Oh boy.
 Well I was going to say that if there was anything though that could save the Disney Village I would say like why don't you just like double down on one restaurant like maybe just sort of demolish all of the non Disney store areas and just make it if you love pirate so much French people just make a giant pirate restaurant.
  Combine all of the elements combine the Wild West show into it so you can use that arena.
 You walk into maybe like a huge skull similar to Pirates of the Caribbean and you're like in this you know cool waiting area with all of these you know different skeletons and so maybe a little bit like the catacombs too.
 Oh sure.
 And there could be the cut off the catacombs at the leg in terms of tourism.
 Yeah.
 No one needs to go there again.
 That was actually the best thing that we did our entire trip.
  It was also the most metal thing I've ever seen in my entire.
 Yeah.
 But yeah just do a little bit of that you know get people excited for going to the real catacombs and then have Jack Sparrow's rum bar.
 You can get some appetizers.
 You could take all of the planet Hollywood merch and make it look like loot that the pirates stole.
  Oh yeah.
 Just keep adding dreadlocks to things and then you can just sort of even the score with that.
 Yeah matey's you want to see the meteor from meteor man.
 We haven't even talked about the Armageddon thing.
 Oh my god.
 That's a whole other.
 We'll have to.
 We're easy dipping our toe into Paris.
 We knew there was a lot to cover.
 Yeah.
 The whole park.
 Right.
 Right.
 Right.
 For many hours and many hours but I'm glad we devoted so much time to Disney Village.
  A like what quarter mile bad mall we've talked about.
 We've committed so much time to scolding this place and hey I thank you for helping us.
 Julie Prescott you survived podcast the ride.
 Thanks for.
 Yeah thanks for helping us make this mall feel bad.
  It's my pleasure.
 As a lover of malls I do.
 I mean when I'm excited for the city walk thing I do love city walk sincerely.
 It was my middle school hangout.
 Oh yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 I'm a valley kid.
 Yeah.
 Were you a Wizards fan.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 I forget which birthday but I had I've had a birthday in pretty much every restaurant at city walk.
 Wow.
  Well then I think you will.
 You could probably factor into our city walk master plan.
 So perhaps we'll have to have to have you back around to talk about.
 I would love to.
 It's the sector of the.
 I don't want to spoil anything.
  But but anything you'd like to plug or alert people to.
 Oh a couple things I have that Simpsons podcast.
 We're on a maximum fun so everything's coming up Simpsons and we have a collection of comedian type guests and then also occasionally we'll have people that  worked on the Simpsons come on the show and that's been a great pleasure and then I also have a show called Townies.
 It's the OC in the Old West.
 It's a comedy western about teens.
 So you can watch that on Black Pills.
 That's out right now.
 With Natalie Palamitas.
  And our friend Disney podcast.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wonderful.
 Cool.
 Yes.
 We'll check all that stuff out and check us out on Twitter at podcast the ride emails podcast right at Gmail.
 Yeah.
 Is there anything else we need to demand from people right now.
  There's a birdie sub is a sub on sub reddit on that ear will we plug that.
 What you want to come in and talk to other people to listen to us.
 There's on the ear wolf sub reddit.
 Oh yeah.
 We've become a presence on the reddit of a podcast network we're not.
  We're not on.
 Yeah.
 We also don't have accounts.
 Yeah I have an account I think.
 Oh do you.
 I think I signed up.
 Yeah.
 Because I like to upload my our own posts.
 Oh cool.
 I have an account as Dr.
 David Daniels.
  I have a fictional character from the book of Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry which is my character in the bug main TV universe.
 Oh I revealed too much too much too much smoke.
  We spoke for two and a half hours and now we're just talking about the book of Henry BTO Henry fan.
 I mean we don't need to do a whole lot.
 Yeah sure.
 OK.
 We got to go.
 We got to go.
 We'll talk for seven more hours.
 Thanks for listening everybody.
 We'll catch you on the next mega sized episode.
