 Warning, the following podcast may contain a presidential candidate that hates exercise,  a sincere pledge to make a seasonal corndog permanent, heads being knotted slash black  suits coming, and an out of this world conversation about men in black, alien attack.
  Do hit the play button and join agents S, M, and J on today's Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, a show hosted by three men who are still mad at each other  due to a week's old conversation about hypothetical Japanese travel itineraries.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined this week by Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, I'm here and I'm mad.
  Yeah, I'm upset.
  And Scott Gerrider.
  Well, I'm really the source of it.
  So you know, I feel like I got all of my energy about it out of the way.
  While bad, that was weeks ago.
  We're talking already.
  Yeah, so I've calmed down because I was the most agitated and I realized what a what a  monster I was.
  I feel like I think I think my feeling if I didn't convey it before, we're talking about  how many days you spend at Tokyo Disney.
  And I think, you know, look, it's expensive to travel a year if you're going to go to  Japan, you want to, you know, you want to spend a lot of days, but you'd you know, you  don't have infinite time and and the parks are expensive and, you know, to devote four  days to.
  But that's what the Twitter overwhelmingly when we had Twitter, people were like, Jason's  right, four days.
  Well, but you know, they're all correct.
  Yeah, think about who is following our podcast.
  Yes, they're all mega fans, as are we.
  Look, I just think I know how I am and I know how we are best to build in some buffer.
  Look, like I feel the tension starting to boil over here.
  We should probably curb this before.
  I guess I'm ripping Mike's comic book omnibuses that I'm sitting next to.
  I'm ripping them in half like a phone book.
  Take your anger out on Mike's comic books.
  Yeah, I guess the compromise could be two at Disney, see one at Tokyo Disney, which  makes Mike right.
  I just recently made this a fair person.
  You're you're the compromise number.
  So yeah, but I also just recently read like a list of like the top hotels around Tokyo  Disney and was amazed at how affordable, like very nice looking hotels are.
  Numbers of.
  Yeah.
  Well, this is very fascinating.
  It's also it is cheaper.
  I believe admission is cheaper.
  It is cheaper.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Lots.
  I think it's like sixty dollars a day.
  Right.
  Sixty five.
  I think much cheaper than our parks.
  Our friend, Andrew Grissom, who I feel like I keep mentioning on the podcast for various  reasons.
  He just he just went.
  None of us have been and he just went and he was like, oh, two is fine.
  Two for sure.
  Very firm.
  But he only went he went to Tokyo Disney once and then I was peppering him with questions.
  Did you go here?  Did you do this?  Did you drink in the Teddy Roosevelt lounge?  No, he didn't.
  No, he didn't.
  He was missing all these things.
  And it's like he but he's a case more casual with it.
  So of course he had all the rides and he liked the rides.
  Maybe he went on, I think, one of the rides twice.
  I forget.
  But like he's missing.
  That's what I'm saying.
  We like to go to the hotels.
  We like to go to the different lounges.
  We have to cocktail in different places.
  Sure.
  That takes time and exploration.
  Yeah.
  He missed all of that stuff.
  So look, one.
  I'm mad.
  I'm so mad.
  I may also just be playing fast because like if I go, I would be going like as a single  man like an I can do whatever I want.
  Oh, yeah.
  I have not tied down.
  You can wander around these children's parks.
  So lobby to hotel lobby for an unlimited upsetting amount of time.
  You know, I'm going to some hotel lobbies.
  I absolutely am.
  I think my opinion is also it is in there, certainly informed by as I've gone over my  unpleasant Disneyland Paris experience and the feeling that we had of like, oh, my God,  we're here.
  We're trapped here.
  We are in this place where food is bad and where, you know, aesthetics are abrasive.
  Now, this, I think, would be less the case.
  Well, Disney, again, doesn't park in the world.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That does soften it.
  But you're also I don't think you guys know this, that when when Aaron and I went to Disney  World the first time together, we are think our I think our trip was I think was seven  days, six nights, and we had some dread on the first night.
  We were like, we're oh, we're here.
  We're in weird suburban Orlando.
  We're staying off.
  So we actually thought that was a little too much.
  So then that's I know you guys do you do a 10 day.
  We have different brains.
  Yeah, 10 day.
  I know what you're saying.
  I think the first time I went to the first time I had been back to Orlando, which was  like 2012, I think I hadn't been in 10 years and we were there and I never felt like that  feeling.
  But I remember feeling like, oh, you know, maybe it's time to go.
  Maybe this is different than Disneyland.
  Disneyland is for sure better than I went last September, which is what, three or something  years later, more than three.
  And then you start to get a little more familiar with it.
  And then, of course, I'm a maniac and I went in March and I'll be honest, I've been craving  going back to Orlando more and more each time.
  How many what were the lengths of your stays?  Let's get some facts and figures on the original.
  The original I think we did like six nights, seven days.
  And I think then maybe we did like a day longer last fall.
  And then I was there for a short time comparably, comparably five days or so in March.
  And I do think you you're taught you like a shorter punchier situation in general, I  think.
  I think leave me wanting more instead of feeling bored.
  Yeah, but there's so much.
  Look, we've got to get to other topics here.
  But like, look, we discovered reopened.
  I didn't mean to read.
  You said it, Jason.
  You said it at the start.
  I was so pleased with myself for writing that joke down because sometimes I struggle.
  It's not even a joke.
  It was just like a rehab.
  Let's talk about this.
  All right.
  A statement.
  I was so pleased with myself.
  I know you're always pleased with yourself.
  Well, that is true.
  But I mean, I'm just saying I went to Orlando and this last time I went to Orlando is when  because I had been recently, I got to do what I think is some of the best stuff.
  Sit at the Abracadabra bar over in the hotel in the bar in the magic themed bar and have  a couple of Manhattans.
  That was one of my favorite things I did all trip and much reminiscent of what we get to  do at Disneyland because we live so close and have the annual pass.
  Be chill at these places.
  Yes.
  So when I'm talking about Tokyo Disney Sea, I see this Teddy Roosevelt lounge and I get  the big I get the big wolf eyes because I go, we're going to spend two nice hours in  the middle of the day having a couple of cocktails in this themed boat.
  And that's an honor that's honoring one of our one of our best president, one of our  best lunatic friends.
  He was a madman, but he was he's perfectly right.
  I like the current breed of madman.
  Yeah, no, no, no.
  I like more folksy lovable.
  The here's I think what it drives that to me is I think there's a bigger issue here,  which is like I like this stuff enough to do this whole podcast about it.
  Did you ever hit a limit?  Are you ever like, I can't talk about this more today.
  I can't be at this place because I love it more than most human beings.
  But like, you know, my my that I'll go to Disneyland for just a couple of hours.
  I will hit a wall of just like I have to have a real item of food.
  I can't look at these signs and be around these crowd.
  Like I just I do have a level.
  I think that's a reason.
  I think it's reasonable overload on any.
  I mean, certainly comedy or comic book, any of my areas of interest  or passion going past like you can just soft serve ice cream, soft serve ice cream.
  Go like, God damn it, I want some hard packed for once.
  Yeah, I I'm trying to think like I get that way more about Vegas.
  Vegas, I spent there was one trip like four days in Vegas and four days is far too much.
  Yeah, I like three might be perfect for me.
  I could not find a vegetable.
  Like we kept going to restaurants and there was just no salad on the menu.
  Yeah, it was like just a hamburger after.
  And you're like, I got to eat a salad.
  I got to sit down.
 I got to relax.
  I got very overwhelmed there after a couple of days.
  I assume there is a limit for my thing.
  I assume there it exists.
  Do I know what it is? I don't know.
  You've never encountered it.
  Well, I've encountered it.
  There was a Disney day.
  There was a they had a 24 hour Disney event a few years ago.
  It's before we knew each other.
  Jason, I don't think you were I think it was just Lindsay.
  And there was one.
  Oh, I went down for at two or three in the morning.
  Yeah.
 So we had been there for a while.
  A couple hours.
  And it was a real nightmare in regards to crowds.
  And we couldn't even get in Disneyland.
  We were in California Adventure mostly.
  But then there was all this word that we were going to be allowed  because the Hatbox Ghost was debuting and we really wanted to see that.
  God damn Hatbox Ghost.
  God, can you imagine like that was only a few years ago  that they're like the park's open for 24 hours straight.
  Also, we put in a new thing.
  Also, all parishes are clear.
  And I remember just insane to me.
  I remember.
 Yeah.
  Different time pre Star Wars time.
  Yeah.
 So we were waiting in California Adventure and like one or two or three.
  I mean, that's you know, you get tired, of course.
  And then there was word they're going to let people back into Disneyland.
  The fire chief, the fire marshal is going to let people in Disneyland.
  So then we started congregating and it was turned into this bizarre  mob scene of people waiting California Adventures exit to get to Disneyland.
  And people started getting a little unruly.
  There was a weird bad vibe in the crowd.
  And I remember going like, we should leave.
  This is too much.
  So like too many crowds.
  Stock 99.
 Yeah.
  I was like, we're going to get crushed to death  because people want to see the Hatbox Ghost.
  Oh, I had a weird like crowd back up a couple of years ago on Main Street,  like right after Christmas stuff had gone out.
  It was like a Thursday at noon.
  And like somehow the there was a parade starting in like 40 minutes.
  The street was already packed and they just weren't doing a bad job of like this.
  This goes this way and this goes this way.
  And people started to get like, just grow.
  I want to move.
  And it's just like, oh, God, I'm going to get crushed.
  So, yeah, that was a similar vibe to that.
  I'm going to.
  So we're feeling like, OK, that's it.
  We got to go.
 OK.
  So Lindsay and I, we walk, we're leaving.
  We get out the exit and we see on Twitter  Disneyland entrance now people are now being let in as soon as we exit.
  And we're like, oh, so we go back up to the exit  and we explain what it just happened.
  And we're like, can we just because there was a huge line to even get in still  at three in the morning, the security line was not moving.
  It was backed up.
  We explained like, we just got out of here, blah, blah, blah, blah.
  And a guy was nice enough.
  He goes, if anybody he goes, if anyone yells at you, tell him I let you do this.
  And he was very nice.
  We should have gotten his name and put a thing in because he certainly underpaid.
  And then we went to then we went into Disneyland and it all the dread  I had been feeling floated away.
  I was back in Disneyland.
  It was three thirty a.
m.
  I was going down Main Street.
  It was a spooky atmosphere.
  You're like, man, I think I don't get to hang out here doing this at this time.
  And then I started appreciating it from a different angle.
  We went on the haunted mansion and it was like the spookiest haunted mansion  because it was legit in the middle of the night.
  There was a new ghost.
  I remember like Lindsay was like because she was like loopy  because it was so goddamn late.
  She was like we were seeing all the extra photos of Hatbox Ghost on the wall.
  She's like, oh, they're like she was extra scared.
  We got to see him.
  We left the park and we were so happy that we did.
  So like I can I'm saying like there'll be moments,  but I can come back from them.
  They are not like stop all.
  They're not at your ab the absolute dark at one dark night of the soul  at three thirty in the morning under the worst conditions in Disneyland history.
  Yes.
 You this is like I turned it around.
  If I asked my dad, like, have you ever questioned your faith or Catholicism  or believing in God like, well, one time I was like about to die.
  The plane was dovetailing for 20 seconds.
  And then and I know then back on track and I'm all but like you're  you know, I don't want the I like these answers.
  This is how I saw I want it to be like we all do at our our speed.
  I like that this is as different as any of us are.
  This is not a podcast where it's like one of them likes Disneyland  and the other one doesn't like that.
  We this is this is as different as any of us get.
  Like I prefer only do 10 hours instead of 19  to get.
 I'm getting really probably very dark, but I get I really  I start to think about my own mortality in relation to everything I do.
  I think like concerts or like going to Disney or going to Orlando.
  I start going, well, if I live to this, like I can go to Orlando.
  If I go like every couple of years, I'm only going to really get there  like 20 more times.
  Like you go like that and all of it to Orlando.
  Well, I'm just your life's anything.
  How many times you can fit in Orlando?  I get that you have a long, dark night of the soul.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I don't do it every time every night.
  But I think about stuff like that.
  I think about, oh, man, yeah, this is going to be a fun thing to do.
  And I'll remember it.
  And if you if you could like open a magic envelope from heaven  and it told you how many more times you were going to get to be in Orlando  before you die, would you do it?  Oh, I would.
  I probably or movie.
  Can you change? Can you change it then?  That's the difference.
  Mm hmm.
 That's the question in any film of this nature.
  Yeah.
 How does it what's the nature of fate?  Can you change fate? You change fate.
  These are the questions that this envelope film will ask.
  I mean, what is this, the box?  I think it's like the box.
  It's a Disney park centric version of the box.
  I like I like doing this podcast because I do think that one way or another,  it will lead to us having to just go to Orlando for casual trips.
  I don't know if that's because we'll be doing live shows  because we'll be full time imagineers.
  Month.
 Yeah.
 The once a month live show.
  We just have community service.
  We have to do that.
  I won't be bad either.
  But I love the idea.
  Into the Florida project slums.
  The Patreon did not go well.
  Hey, fine.
 That's fine with me.
  We lost the Patreon took money away from us.
  How do we get more negative money than we already are?  But it's cursed.
  So we end up in Orlando anyway.
  I mean, I love the idea of just going to Orlando for a three day weekend, too.
  I love the idea of punching in and punch out in Orlando.
  I've always been curious what that's like.
 Yeah.
  And like, yeah, doing a couple parks.
  And then you go, well, we'll be back in six months.
  It's no problem.
 We'll do the other thing.
  This is not what you're already doing.
  Well, I'm trying.
  My commercial stopped airing.
  You are thinking about your own mortality.
  I am.
 Yeah, I think about it all the time.
  You know what? We can't be grim like this.
  We have to think about a brighter future.
  And I know the man who's going to lead us there, the eventual mayor of Disneyland,  Jason Sheridan.
  A better land is possible.
  A better world is possible.
  I just to take us into this that we haven't talked about  hashtag Jason for DLR in a little bit.
  I think you're going to bring some hope to this place and to Mike's life.
  Hopefully to recap, though, yeah, if you just started listening to this episode,  we were talking about there are mayors for the respective theme parks,  Disneyland and Disney World.
  There are mayors of Main Street.
  And it was a position we found Lindsay and I discovered when we were there  on one of the anniversary days.
  And they were like, ladies and gentlemen, the mayor of Disneyland.
  And he came out and we're like, what the hell?  There's a man at the top at that's called the mayor.
 Yeah.
  And we want our own Jason Sheridan many years from now.
 Or honestly,  I mean, today, fine, too.
  But I mean, many years from now to run and successfully win  and become the mayor of Disneyland.
  We recently have come across some new information.
  And I thank people on Twitter for alerting us to this.
  But there was a there's a podcast called Obsessed with Joseph Scrimshaw.
  And he did an episode devoted to the Disney parks.
  And his guest was Mark Gagliardi, who is a podcaster as well  and a participant in the Thrilling Adventure Hour.
  And he this this person  served as the mayor of Disneyland or the mayor of Main Street.
 Right.
  I think one issue with this position is that if we don't know what it is,  it's a bit unclear specifically, you're the mayor of  that that's where you're going to clean that up, Jason.
  You'll know your own jurisdiction.
 Yeah.
  Well, I likely expand the scope of power.
  Like a president who issues a lot of executive orders.
  Well, you're and you would have to.
  I feel like they they probably didn't count California Adventure as part of it.
  But you certainly not.
  They wouldn't have had plans for that in 55.
  You know, they were never thinking that far ahead.
  Yeah.
 Whenever the town the town statutes were put on the parchment.
  Yeah.
 And whenever Walt's there was an Articles of Confederation  for a few years before there was finally a constitution on Main Street,  much like America.
  I'm suddenly worried about a civil war situation  where California Adventure is like the Confederacy.
  And what if what if some I shouldn't.
  We're trying to be positive here.
  I'm putting a dark spin on this.
  But some rival, the rival mayor of California Adventure  tried to usurp half of your power.
  I mean, I think we thankfully dodged that.
  I think that was coming.
  It would have come in 2012 when they actually see  when California Adventure newly empowered, newly revitalized.
  And that's when they were the most emboldened.
  Right.
 It's been six years and already stuff is starting to be rolled back.
  And that's what you're going to.
  You have to keep the there has to be one one ruler to lead them all.
  And that's going to be you.
  But here.
 But this podcast was interesting because it shed some light  on some specifics about about the actual role, mainly that it is fake.
  It was a this man is an actor and a performer.
  And he shared this duty with three other actors.
  Mark Gugler already seems like a fascinating guy.
  We'd love to talk to him.
  But he he not only was the the mayor, one of four mayors of Main Street  during the 50th anniversary in 2005, he was also many different  performer roles in the parks, including the genie in the.
  Wow.
 And show in California.
  My favorite.
 Yes.
  I know that passion of Mike's.
  But also so but it was interesting to hear what actually the mayor did.
  And it seems like there are a couple of main duties.
  And you can listen to this podcast yourself to hear all of it.
  But but one of them is that during the 50th anniversary,  he would give a little speech up atop the train station  before they let everybody in at 10 in the morning or what have you.
  And he'd make a speech surrounded by the big five.
  Oh, yeah.
 Mickey Donald's goofy Pluto.
  Many.
 Yeah.
  Stitch home on the range cow.
  Now it is New Lando.
  Now, you know, Donald Orlando is in the big five.
  But this was in 2005 was different.
  And so he would give a speech kind of  a little bit in the spirit of Walt's original address opening Disneyland.
  And then he would get to release doves.
  Doves would fly at his command.
  I want to just rehash their podcast, but they're homing doves  and they would go back to the dove guy's house, which I thought was weird.
  They fly into the air.
  And wherever the dove guy is in the Orange County area,  he goes back to their balcony or whatever.
  I guess that's going to change immediately because I want fresh doves every day.
  What happens to the slaughter?  They're not going to come back.
  What happens there?  Off, they are off to live their lives.
  You want to know? You're free.
  You want to release untrained doves into the air.
  So they just go somewhere.
  I mean, they would be trained to fly.
  And that's all birds need to do.
  If you're releasing a bunch of doves each day, though,  there's going to be a weird like dove population that shows up in Anaheim.
  And they're like going to start menacing people.
  I'm sure it'll be fine.
  It's like the exotic parrots of Brooklyn.
  Do you know about those? I don't.
  A crate of exotic birds was like broken open in  the middle 20th century, I think, in Brooklyn or around Brooklyn.
  And a bunch of parrots have now like roosted.
  And you just occasionally see like a weird multicolored parrot in Brooklyn.
  Weird.
 Still the case.
  Still the case.
 Yeah.
  Multiply.
 There's also some kawaii a couple years ago.
  And there's a lot of roosters running around roosters of just,  you know, like just taking their run of the place and they're  what do you call a rooster crow?  It's not a crow.
 They aren't crows.
  What's a cockadoodledoo?  Is it just that? It's a cockadoodledoo.
  They're cockadoodledoodling all day.
 Oh, yeah.
  So maybe it's you're saying it's an Orange County.
  If you live in Fullerton or Garden Grove, you just doves are around.
  And that's how it is now.
 And deal with it.
  I think it would be a bonus beautification for our friendly neighbors.
  I like that you're using your mayor voice now, too.
 Sure.
  Hello there.
 Yeah, you're getting a little more.
  I mean, this guy, Mark, did did kind of he summarized his speech.
  And ladies and gentlemen, I think he talks about how he says, thank you, Mickey.
  So you got a real like husky, accurate voice.
  And you make sure you're in you're in line with that.
  Keep working the throat.
  But he also then he grand marshaled the parade.
  Which seems like I see you doing that.
  No, I can visualize that happily.
  Yeah.
 Great voice.
  Great physical stamina.
  You're going to be great.
  Anybody who any naysayers out there think Jason can't do this.
  No, fuck.
 Why? Yeah.
  I don't think anyone's offered a reason to not.
  But I yeah, I don't know.
  I think what the shed a light on for me is that these duties were largely  ceremonial.
 And I think and now I don't know what's going on with the  when you experienced this mayor announcement at a different anniversary,  maybe the mayor has more power.
  But I think obviously we would want with Jason installed.
  We don't want you to just be a figurehead.
  We want to get some stuff done.
  No, I've got planks in a platform.
  Yeah, I think I think look, the man makes the position.
  I mean, we can and we just got to get you in.
  And then I think at that point, then, you know, you can start calling the shots.
  Then we can start passing stuff and mending things.
  And yeah, at that point, yeah, then it will be there's not going to be  a ceremonial position, and you're not going to share that with other people.
  Like you're talking about this guy shares like the role of mayor with other actors.
  No, no, no, no, no.
 That's one thing in 2005.
  But yeah, and then you're going to be there seven days a week.
  Yeah.
  Waltz apartment is mine.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That is my office slash.
  Yeah, your first order first act as mayor is to take away Waltz apartment  and turn it into Jason's apartment.
  So then when you've passed on, people will see there.
  There'll be like a light in there and they'll be like, you know,  that's Jason's office.
 Absolutely.
  Yeah.
 Jason used to sleep down here.
  Jason reactivated the panini machine, the hot plate.
  Do you you use the old penny?  You're not bringing a new you're not bringing a George Foreman grill in there.
  No, those can get far too messy.
  Now, I will use the new one until I eventually start a small electrical fire.
  I'm sure the night this 1990 or 1955 building will be.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's 1960.
  I don't know.
 What do we what do we want to get done here?  I like it because it's our ticket to as part of our team.
  I think, though, my feeling about it, I had come across this a little while ago,  is that before you even talk about what we're going to do,  it is like, how is how are we going to win? OK.
  So Disneyland, there is there is a history of campaigns at Disneyland.
  And I don't know if you guys are aware of this.
  But in 1976, a famous character ran for president.
  And you're both looking at me.
  I think I might know, you know, what I'm talking about.
  Yes, I know.
 You do.
  Yeah.
 Was it can I guess? Yes.
  Go.
 Was it Dumbo?  It was not Dumbo.
 Why is that in my head?  Pooh Bear.
 Jason is correct.
  It is Winnie the Pooh.
  All right.
 And it was Winnie the Pooh for president.
 Fresh off of Watergate.
  It was 72 and 76.
  So during the during the American needed hope.
  And it was a we are Winnie the Pooh for president.
  And it was a whole thing that they did at Disneyland.
  It was a campaign.
  Let me show you some pictures, Scott here.
  Winnie the Pooh for president.
  Oh, and it's that old Winnie the Pooh with big instead of a honey pot.
  He's got a wit.
  Is that right? Is it a honey pot or is an Uncle Sam?  It's an Uncle Sam hat.
 All right.
 Good for him.
  So, yeah, there were free showings of Pooh cartoons,  Main Street, Tigger Tape Parade,  Pooh Liddle, Kohl Fundraising Rally.
  All children are invited to meet in front of it's a small world  to join in a special parade so children could come and participate  in the political process.
  Who actually got more electoral college votes than George McGovern?  That's true.
 Pooh vastly more popular than George.
  After after McGovern's first VP was found out to be getting a lecture  shock treatment.
 Sure.
  Pooh picked up some more support.
  Here's Winnie the Pooh for president, a honey of a candidate, it says.
  Wow.
 There's a whole there's all this propaganda.
  He has a little book here.
 Oh, boy.
  I don't know.
 I couldn't find why they decided that this was the character  that should run for president.
  There's other characters I feel like might make a little more sense.
  He's a populist.
 He's simple.
  He doesn't overthink.
 Yes.
  All these big highfalutin government ideas.
  So I was thinking like, look, this is like, let's let's, you know,  Jason likes naps.
 Jason likes treats.
  This is what Pooh likes.
 Yeah.
  So we have a you're saying we have a model of the kind of campaign.
  We have a template for what works at Disneyland.
  Now, I also found I don't know if you've seen this, Jason, I found the song.
  Oh, whose president presidency song.
  Very good.
 This is exciting research.
  This is called Pooh for president.
  And we'll see how much I play on this.
  It's by Bob Dylan.
 It's by a man named Larry Gross.
  And I'll play the whole thing.
  I'll play the whole thing.
 Let's see what we do.
  Thank you.
 Thank you.
  If I'm elected, I make a promise to all you girls and boys.
  I'll do away with taxis on bicycles and toys.
  A bit of honey in every pot will be my golden rule.
  And each of you will have a snack when you come home from school.
  Pooh for president.
 Pooh for president.
  I really have to change.
  Pooh for president.
  Who is right for you?  The people's choice to bear for you all the way with WT.
  Pooh for president.
 Pooh for president.
  Christopher Robin is the head advisor on my team.
  My running mate is Piglet, a big, great distinct.
  My cabinet is composed of Howell, Dior, and Tigger, too.
  My chief of staff is Canglin and her assistant, Rue.
  Thank you, Pooh.
  Now let me say you folks must make the choice  of who is in the country's heart, who has the people's voice.
  And while the words of elephants and donkeys fill the air,  perhaps you'll find that now's the time to vote for Pooh the Bear.
  Pooh for president.
 Pooh for president.
  Oh, man.
 I was scared.
  I was like, I bet one verse in chorus will do it.
  I didn't know some weird wrong Pooh was going to come in.
  Well, I guess it was Sterling Holloway Dead at this point.
  And it wasn't yet Jim Cummings doing the Pooh.
  We could look that up.
  It's a shame Canglin and Rue went to jail for so long for money laundering on that campaign.
  But I mean, they did find the rest of the campaign did not realize it was going on.
  Tigger knew nothing.
  Yeah, that's at least how a judge ruled.
  I think it's interesting that we forget he is the honorable Winnie the Pooh,  which is an honorific, meaning he has served in some sort of diplomatic role  or judgeship or elected official in the Hundred Acre Woods probably.
  Oh, yeah.
 He was the comptroller.
  They can make up whatever laws they want there.
  Here, I'm going to put this on the Twitter.
  But these are all the newsreel footage of Pooh and the Pooh for president.
  Wow.
 Pooh in 72.
 Win with Winnie, it says.
  Yeah.
 He's in the fire truck in a parade.
  The little boy was excited.
  Again, America was really re-booted.
  Oh, I'm OK.
 Not OK.
  Oh, yeah.
 And look at this piglet.
  You we all gasped because there was a shot of Kanga and then Rue popped out of her like an alien.
  Oh, a little hole opened up.
 That was very frightening.
  I think this was good for morale after Vietnam and Watergate.
  Like this was this is during 72.
 It's in progress.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Right.
  So there's a whole there's Eeyore and Tigger on one of those like what do you call that rail?  One of those rail things where one person pushes.
  Yeah.
 So we're in a dark time in American politics and Disney turned it around.
  Obviously, Disneyland has only things to gain from bringing the political process in the parks today.
  Yeah, I'm sure that will be very smooth.
  That song reminded me a lot of the It Don't Worry Me song from the movie Nashville.
  Sure.
 Yeah, there's a vibe to that.
  Yeah.
 So I think that like we just take some of that like Poo was saying, like he'll make sure everyone has a snack.
  Snack after school.
 Yeah, absolutely.
  You have to tie yourself over for dinner.
  I think a lot of the things are good for your metabolism to like eat smaller portions throughout the day.
  That's a good point.
 So, yeah, I think that's going to be a big part of your mayoral candidacy.
  Should we get into the food planks of my platform?  Because I have.
 Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
 Numerous.
  Winnie's led the way.
 So, absolutely.
  Well, Mike, you and I were down recently checking on the parks.
  We were checking in on the parks.
 That's what we call it.
  Shaking hands, kissing babies.
  Doing a diplomatic tour.
 Yeah.
  We did meet a very nice listener on Main Street.
 That was very nice.
  A constituent.
  Yeah.
 And I have to say the thing that really tickled me when we were down that day was a limited time offering at the corn dog castle.
  It is a triple kind of creation with a Cajun dog, like a Cajun link and then a block of melted pepper jack cheese and then a mini hot link on top of that.
  And this was just dynamite.
  I think first thing we got to make that a permanent venue item at the corn.
  What is it called?  Oh, man.
 Look it up.
 Look it up.
  It's part of the call to Jason dog.
  Jason special.
 The mayor dog.
  Very interesting.
 Like ghost pepper, blackberry sauce.
  That I was less hot on.
 I like this.
  You're number one.
  This is your number one thing in your campaign is to make this special corn dog available.
  But you need to start.
 That's all well and good.
 But, you know, that felt to me like a casual request.
  And I think you have to start presenting these things like this will this corn dog must be served all year round.
  Yeah, you're right.
 Special is good enough to promote.
  And this is why you guys are my campaign advisors.
  This little nudges.
 The message is there.
 It's just the getting the delivery.
  Sure.
 You have to shape a can.
  It's called you'll find it just as incredible spicy corn dog.
  Yes, it was very good.
  Secondly, we need to redo that recently opened a Bobbable Snowman ice cream window.
  Oh, lemon soft serve just will not do far too tart for me.
  You started eating it and you were an unpleasant fate.
  Your face was very you did not care for how tart it was.
  I did not care for I also did not care that it was promised a white chocolate on top.
  I was expecting a full hard dip and it was merely a drizzle.
  It was a drizzle of white chocolate on this tart.
  Yeah.
 And you were expecting like like a shell like the magic Hershey's magic show.
  Like a magic show or the dip cones in a car's land.
  I think this ice cream window should just be a selection of dips.
  I think we should just stick to a basic ice creams.
  We should have a bevy of dips.
 Mike, I know you talked fondly of the cherry dip.
  That's only available as far as I know in Schaumburg.
  I mean, it's probably available other places, but it's not available at nearby Dairy Queens.
  Regional Dairy Queens.
 It's only grandfathered into old Dairy Queens.
  We need to find local innovations throughout this country and bring them into the parks.
  Bring the best of what this country has to offer, because that's what happens in the park.
  It's a melting pot of people from all across the world.
  And it should be a melting pot of ideas.
 I agree.
  Yeah.
 Let's pivot now to transportation.
 Oh, go ahead.
  Infrastructure one.
 And I think this is a given.
  We need to start running the Mark Twain Riverboat at night.
  We need to get those fantastic performers off and then get that boat back to the docks.
  So guests may enjoy it in the darkened evening.
  Mayor Jason's Midnight Ride.
 It could be a good place to.
.
.
  It's where your fireside chats will take place.
  It's your Teddy Roosevelt's lounge.
  A place to meet and greet and hear people's tales, complaints, or just share stories and a good laugh and a good cigar smoke.
  Absolutely.
 Similarly for my constituents in California Adventure, we need to re-route the Paint the Night Parade.
  So that trolley is never interrupted service.
  How? How do we allow 20 to 30 minute increments of trolley downtime?  Unbelievable.
 More trolley.
 More trolley.
  Similarly, let's let the main street vehicles always run.
  We need to do something.
 Why do they stop running? During parades? During?  Sure.
 That doesn't.
.
.
  During the fireworks shows.
 During the fireworks shows.
  You might be mad with power.
  Well, we can open to suggestions.
  Well, perhaps we could get rid of whatever parade, the Pixar Play Parade that's happening now,  and it's just a parade of main street vehicles every 20 minutes.
  I mean, that could be something.
 Just the cars driving down the street.
  Maybe.
 Everyone waves.
  Maybe you're onto something.
 Maybe it's a mirror.
  Maybe the main street vehicles, they run in the morning as the park is opening.
  Maybe the last hour of the day, as crowds have thinned a bit, they run again for one last ride at night.
  Alright.
 Well, Mr.
 Mayor, if that's what you feel about it, I trust your judgment on this.
  I for one think it's brave that all of your issues are minor and transportation based,  and are not ideas for exciting new rides or experiences for children.
  I think it's brave for a candidate to run on nitpick and nitpick alone.
  I've got more.
  Go ahead.
  Well, we enjoyed using the MaxPass app on our phones.
  That was the first time I had tried it.
 I enjoyed it.
  But I have to say, I found it a little confusing initially,  and when we walked into some ride entrances, I could hear others having some difficulty  navigating the app.
  How do we fix that?  I think a basic infographic slideshow within the app of saying,  here is what this is, here is how it works, here are some examples, would go a long way.
  What about a MaxPass information center in somewhere like the Main Street Cinema,  which nobody goes into, where they just play the old Mickey cartoons all day.
  Why have that going when you could educate people?  Maybe if you get the MaxPass, you have to do a quick stop and watch a big,  it could be a fun video, we could all make the video.
  It'll be a great place to get your face out there.
  I'm open to that.
  Look, I still want those old cartoons playing,  but I'm sure we could sacrifice one of the screens.
  Well, they're silent anyway.
  Yes, just one screen becomes an informational video about how to get the MaxFun out of your MaxPass.
  I disagree.
  Well, we're not always going to see eye to eye.
  It's going to be a good video though.
  When we're writing the fun jokes explaining the ins and outs of ride booking systems,  it'll be as funny as this podcast.
  I love the ins and outs of ride booking system, so that will be fun.
  Sure.
  Mr.
 Mayor, do you have more?  Also, I wish there was a limited time fried bologna sandwich at one of the restaurants.
  Wait, what?  I should have put that at more restaurants because that sounds like an interesting novelty.
  Has that ever been at one of those parks?  It's right now.
  It's the Up themed Carl's sandwich is at the Cardassian Cafe.
  Wow, there's a fried bologna sandwich.
  I'll be honest, Mr.
 Mayor, in all candor, that seems disgusting.
  Fried bologna to me seems gross.
  I think that's a fine little nugget of Americana.
  Is this a menu item that the old cranky man in Up would want to eat?  I believe that's themed to it.
  If we get more on that list, is it just adding menu items that the cranky old man from Up would enjoy?  In fact, now that I think about it, all of these things, the cranky old man from Up would want.
  He wants more cars running.
  He wants a boat working at night.
  He sounds like a very wise old man, and I think maybe we should look into bringing him onto the campaign.
  He doesn't want any brat kids around.
  Yeah.
  No.
  Anyway, just some current working things going on in the policy office.
  Is there a good roller coaster you'd want to put in or just bologna is the primary?  Oh, I mean, we've got to do something about that Matterhorn.
  We've got to pull some engineers or something.
  We've got to smooth that track.
  Just because it's a mountain doesn't mean I want to feel like I fell down the mountain when I ride it.
  Like you had a back crippling injury and you fell off the mountain every time.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Back pain concerns, also something that Carl from Up would be.
  There's a lot of parallels here.
  I'll say this.
  I'll take back the Poo presidency and the Poo campaign.
  I think it's a little bit too young skewing and too hip.
  We really maybe need to retool.
  We need to focus like what Carl would have done, how Carl would have run a campaign.
  The Poo thing, I think, is too youthful, I think.
  Yeah.
 All right.
  Well, then where that means we're in line with Jason's desires.
  Is there going to be a minimum voting age?  Children don't get to vote for the mayor of Disneyland?  I feel like children should have their say.
  If you want this agenda and if you end up with some kid pandering candidate like Poo against you.
  Well, this may already have been decided.
  This may be long, long decided.
  Unless we start changing the laws now.
  We have to change the laws now.
  Setting the laws for the first time because everything we're talking about is made up.
  And I don't.
.
.
  This is assuming that Disney itself has any participation in this.
  Do they run the election?  Do we set the rule?  Because if we're the electoral committee, then we can.
.
.
  We have free reign over this thing.
  Sure.
 Good point.
  Well, I find gerrymandering disgusting in American politics.
  I'm open to doing it in this campaign.
  Yeah.
  For the sake of an imaginary place.
  We need to get you in here at all costs.
  Once you're in it, it's going to be a positive change.
  But look, I'm willing to play dirty.
  Sure.
  So yeah, kids.
.
.
  We know what people need.
  We'll have kids vote a couple of times.
  Let's be honest.
  We don't care.
  This is going to happen.
  They call it rat fucking in American politics.
  We're going to call it mouse fucking.
  Mouse helping.
  Mouse helping.
  And remember, hashtag Jason4DLR.
  If you want to help get out the vote, help raise awareness for this man.
  Undoubtedly are more on board now than ever before.
  Once you hear some of the other ideas, I think most people out there are going to be very excited about the different.
.
.
  Super.
  The trolleys and the little cars and the baloney.
  A lot of big possibilities, but that's not today's topic astoundingly.
  Yeah.
  Today's topic is one that cannot be easily segued into from any of what we were just saying.
  It's men in black alien attack.
  Yeah.
  Is it a different park?  It's not about mayors and there's no old grouches in it because Tommy Lee Jones is not in the ride.
  There's like an old weirdo, but he might not be as much of a grouch.
  Ripped horn, I assume you mean.
  I do, I mean.
  And no, yeah, you wouldn't call it maybe in real life he's an old grouch.
  I don't know.
  But yeah, old weirdo is a better descriptor.
  But of course, Will Smith, who is the star of the men in black films, is in the ride.
  Yes.
  Which is a pretty exciting fact about it.
  I think that I was pretty impressed at that time.
  I guess in the year 2000, is there any bigger film star than Will Smith?  No, that's the top of the rock.
  Music star, the childish Gambino of 2000.
  But in 2000, it was Big Willie style.
  Also had a lot of different names.
  The Willenium was upon us.
  The Willenium had just occurred.
  There you go.
  That's how it ties in.
  On April 14th, 2000.
  The Willenium began.
  Yeah, the Willenium began.
  Men in Black Alien Attack.
  The basics of this ride, if you've not been down there and been on it, it is an arcade style shooting game.
  That came after Buzz Lightyear's Astro Blasters, but before Toy Story Midway Mania.
  It is different from those rides in that the targets are not explicitly labeled and spelled out.
  But obviously the targets are aliens who have run amok in New York City.
  I listened to the Season Pass podcast.
  Shout out Doug Barnes.
  He interviewed, now I don't know the name, but I think a couple of people involved in the creation of this ride.
  I think they were proud of the fact that it's not like a bunch of Xs.
  It doesn't hold your hand through it like Buzz Lightyear does.
  Here it's like literal targets.
  Yeah, and it was kind of a specific decision on their part because they didn't want to.
.
.
  They felt like they did a test ride of Buzz Lightyear and they thought, well you're just staring at Xs and you're not taking in any of the rest of what's going on.
  Instead it's these incredibly well made alien figures who all have a lot of personality.
  Usually aiming at their eyes or something glowing on them.
  Yeah, I think the targets are mainly in the eyes or just in the face.
  Shoot them in the face.
  Yeah, I am a fan.
  I really always enjoyed this ride.
  And I got to say, especially compared to the Florida Buzz Lightyear, I think this is a much better execution of that sort of arcade ride.
  And I think it's more fun.
  This is also a 2001 Thea Award winner for achievement in theme design.
  Well deserved.
  So we were talking about MaxPass and my memories of this ride involved.
.
.
  So Universal Express is the equivalent at Universal to FastPass.
  And I can't remember when exactly that launched, but I first would have used it in 2002, 2003.
  And it was striking how much more ad hoc it was than FastPass ever was.
  Because a lot of those older rides were not really retrofitted for Universal Express.
  They just stuck up a handful of Universal Express logos and sent you in the exit.
  Which from my memory led to occasional dirty looks from people.
  Because they thought you were just coming in the exit and cutting the line.
  So the other thing was they weren't super good about telling people what it was.
  I feel like there's a learning curve with how to use FastPass, but they're pretty clear about this is a thing.
  Now they've kind of smoothed this over.
  When I first went down with my family and we stayed at the hotel, we figured it out pretty quickly, but we were a little confused.
  So you just show your room key at the gate and that was literally it.
  You would just walk up to the ride, show your room key, and pretty much walk on the ride.
  You're staying at the hotels, you get the Universal Express name.
  You get it for free at some of the hotels.
  At the time it was all the hotels and now they've built lower cost hotels where you don't get it included.
  But we blew through rides.
 It really changed that kind of park.
  Also, when it was busy, they would scan your ticket.
  Now they just scan it all the time.
  When you go into the express line, they scan it and you can't use it for a little while at that ride again.
  You can go onto another ride and use it again immediately.
  But at the time they were just like, yeah, whatever, come on in.
  They didn't care.
  So the first time going down there and riding this black ride, there was one day where my brother and I would just walk off the ride and walk right back on.
  And just did it, played it five or six times because we got into like, all right, best three out of five.
  Acting like you were the mayor of Universal Studios.
  Pretty much.
  You're run of the place.
  So you have an affection for this because you had a real fun like six in a row.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  And then eventually when I went back a few years later, they sent us at the front desk, they're like, oh, you don't show your room key anymore.
  And you had to get a separate card with like a crappy version of your picture on it.
  And that was your express pass.
  And then I went back last year and they're like, oh, yeah, you just show your room key.
  And I'm like, I guess they decided that was dumb to make people carry so many tiny pieces of paper on them.
  You've learned their own mistake.
  You've made a mistake, a full oral history of the Universal Express Pass in this podcast.
  Yeah.
  But I think like especially if you're even if you're just going to Universal for a day, you're going at a high crowd time.
  You can buy a la carte like you can buy a day Universal Express Pass.
  And it's a little bit of money, but like you can it definitely makes for much more leisurely day.
  Well, this has ruined the eventual all Universal Express episode.
  Now I know we're going too much into the details.
  OK, so but the reason I bring this up is I thought it was good to just to say that you went on and over and over.
  There's another reason you're talking about Universal Express.
  Yes.
  OK.
  But talking about like older rides not taking it into account, this one is confusing to me because this was built around the time or shortly before they introduced Universal Express.
  And the express line of this ride skips a significant portion of the queue.
  Oh, well, yeah.
  That's happened to some people want to happen, though.
  But that happens to a lot of rides now, too, don't you think like the Avatar ride?  That's the case.
  And it's also the case sort of with the Guardians ride with the fast passes.
  You kind of skip the cool lines.
  The trade off.
  This is a trade off.
  You know, it's got to cut through somewhere.
  You got to take it out somewhere.
  So it's got to bypass some of the cool stuff.
  I think honestly, as you're saying this, I was watching the ride video.
  I think we for sure cut the ride last time I was on it.
  I don't think I've ever been in that cool part of the line.
  I missed all the cool stuff.
  You haven't seen the universe in you.
  Right.
  I missed the cool stuff.
  I mean, the story of this ride is that you were going to like a preserved thing from the World's Fair.
  They call it the World Expo because I'm sure World's Fair is copyrighted.
  And it's about like the universe and you.
  And then the presentation gets interrupted and Rip Torn starts yelling at you like, we got to get you guys out of here.
  And he's really fun.
  And then you get in an elevator and you go down deep under the earth to the M.
I.
B.
 headquarters and you have been recruited.
  Right.
 To the men in black.
  Yeah, it's cool.
  I mean, it's I was looking and I was like, I don't remember this.
  And it's like, oh, I must have gone on the express.
  I mean, because we we were staying on site.
  So we were at the Hard Rock Hotel.
  Sure.
 I knew that because I was like, well, if we pay this, we're going to get the upgrade, as you were saying.
  So we got the front of the line.
  Yeah, we must have skipped it because I was like, oh, this is cool.
  And I we should have not.
  I think the yeah, the the story that unfolds makes this thing pretty interesting in that there's a there's a couple of twists that happen.
  You know, that the first one being you're in this fake World's Fair exhibit and then then you get taken into the men in black headquarters and it was all front.
  And then the very similar thing that you feel like you think that you're going on a training mission.
  Yeah, you're going to fire it kind of flimsy wooden targets like a firing range.
  It's in the men in black film and then you round a corner and now you're on the street and it's real aliens.
  Yes, you were immediately put in a live fire war zone.
  Yes, and it's a training to a live fire battle in the center of New York.
  Yes, it's very cool.
 But yeah, you're right.
  Now, the line is like it is one of the better lines of Universal, if not the best line.
  Yeah, that's a good.
 I think so.
 Yeah.
  I mean, the building, it looks great.
 The building is fun looking and they have the old World's Fair like towery things in front.
  And to look at what that was called, it's the Astro towers and their actual those are still up right in Flushing Meadows.
  Those are still stand remnants from the sixty four World's Fair.
  It's like ET is a pretty good fun line because it's sort of just the forest.
  There's not like too many twists.
  Simpsons is fine.
 There's some fun stuff in there.
 But yeah, this is probably like the best universal.
  Yeah, this is the worms like that's the other thing you bypass the break room with the worms.
  I know you got the worms drinking the coffee.
 That's really fun.
  You got the control room, which is of course from that is it the scene of Men in Black 2 when Michael Jackson does his cameo.
  Man.
 Oh, man.
  Did I spoil something you were going to talk about later?  No, I had no I was just I just wanted it to come up.
 Of course.
  It's just one of the oddest and you missed Men in Black 2.
  What a bizarre scene.
 My memory of that or maybe I read a story about it was that Michael asked if he was going to be on the  poster.
 He knew his 45 second cameo or less in the film that he wanted to know.
  Oh, that's so good.
  Hurray.
 Michael would have ruined the cameo.
  Right.
 Sure.
 Of course.
 But I don't think he was even thinking in regards to it being a small now he is on.
  OK, so to contextualize the first Men in Black sets up the premise that aliens are among us and disguised as human beings and some of our  otter celebrities or more prominent celebrities are aliens in disguise.
  Right.
 And they heightened this in the sequel by actually including the real Michael Jackson, who has done some mission and then stays on the  line with ripped torn and asked to be part of Men in Black.
  Right.
 And with the indelible amazing delivery, I could be Agent M.
  It's a boy.
 It just sits there.
 It's in his eye line is weird.
 And it's like a look that he didn't have terribly often.
  It was not like an era of Michael that I recce is kind of this like short Peter Pan Pinocchio hair.
  It's right around the comeback album.
 Yeah, it must have been right after.
 Yeah, because movies in 2002.
  But then there's this weird other thing that I forgot about.
 So you reminded me that he is on the poster of a movie called Miss Castaway.
  That is a straight video weird scam movie that's a combo parody of Miss Congeniality and Castaway.
  Oh, my God.
 Here it is.
 Yeah.
 Look at this, Jason.
 Oh, man.
  The worst poster you've ever seen.
 And they included it.
 And he's in this film, Miss Castaway, for as long as he's in Men in Black 2.
  And you know what else? You know who he plays in it? I don't.
 Agent M.
 Whoa.
 He does the same thing.
  And you can look up on YouTube the weird.
 OK, when you watch the movie, he's green screened in somewhere.
  He's like in front of a glowing ethereal light.
 And then you watch the behind the scenes and they filmed him in his fucking library.
  Of course.
 In front of a bunch of books.
 And if anybody listening has ever dealt with green screen or like comping, like cutting people out and rotoscoping,  at least do like a blank white wall like what's behind you, Mike.
 Don't.
 Yeah, there you go.
 That's a shot.
  He's like a pattern.
 If you're going to put somebody in a different environment, like a complicated bookshelf is the worst thing they could be in front of.
  Most busy pattern humanly possible.
 What I'm saying is I have doubts about the filmmaking prowess of the people who made Miss Castaway.
  And you know why I know about this movie? Because when the series of books for such and such for dummies was out.
  Yeah.
 The book filmmaking for dummies is by the director of this.
 And you like.
  I think I was probably starting to make videos at the time.
 I'm curious.
 And I started to feel like this book is bullshit.
 What has this guy done?  Miss Castaway, who's in it? Michael Jackson.
 What the shit? And then it became you did like it because Michael was in it.
  Now I'm on board with the writer and Miss Castaway.
 I found a picture of Michael and Barry Sonnenfeld where he was shooting.
  So he was not in his library.
 What's this hair when I when you like had that angled and you hadn't spun it towards us yet?  I thought that was like a picture of young Paul McCartney in a black suit.
  Because he's in the black.
 Is he in the men in black suit in the cameo? Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  But he's not officially a man in black.
 Right.
 Oh, what an unflattering angle.
 And his eye line is weird.
 Yeah.
  The hair is very said.
 He looks like the agent and with the hurry up and fix it.
 Hooter, the line delivery is he did not get better since Captain.
  Also by J.
K.
 would would he have been immediately the next agent after Laura Flynn Boyle was recruiting the first movie?  That's a good question.
 Yeah, because they would go down to just using.
 No, I'm sorry.
  Laura Flynn Boyle was the villain Serlina in number two.
 Oh, yeah.
 I'm sorry.
 Linda Fiorentino.
  Oh, yeah.
 Was age.
 Was she named Agent L? Was her character also not quite sure.
  But she was.
 Yeah.
 What happened to Linda Fiorentino? Not even referenced.
  I don't think in the I think in the second one, there's reference to it for her or something.
  Yeah.
 And he was in and Will Smith's in a run of like de-neuralizing his partners.
  And in the beginning, he's paired with Patrick Warburton, Disney Parks, all star Patrick Warburton.
  He de-neuralized and eventually they've got to get they have to bring back after restore Tommy Lee Jones memory.
  And that's the plot of Men in Black 2.
 Another thing I like about Men in Black 2 is the song Nod Your Head.
  Oh, my God.
 I thought this was going to be a hot take.
 I love Nod Your Head.
  I wrote down I like Nod Your Head's better.
 More.
 Nod Your Head.
 It's singular.
 Nod Your Head.
 Black Seat's coming.
  Say it right.
 Say Nod Your Head.
 Nod Your Head.
 Parenthetical.
 Black Suit's coming.
  I like that more than Men in Black.
 Why? That's crazy.
 No.
 That is a hot take.
  Oh, I thought you were on board for this.
 OK.
 I mean, I like.
 I'm curious why.
  Black Suit's coming parentheses Nod Your Head is the full title.
 Oh, excuse me.
 It's the other way.
  It's the full title featuring Trey Knox.
 Of course, I appreciate that.
  I appreciate that song as well.
 But Men in Black is a better song.
 Men in Black is fun.
  But Nod Your Head is really fun.
 The music video involves him zooming around on a crazy flying platform.
  And I'm assuming that CGI is not held up.
 None of Men in Black 2's CGI is.
 Yeah.
  Although neither has the to be fair and equal, neither has the alien who ends up vamping with Will in the original Men in Black.
  Oh, oh, oh, oh.
 Because he doesn't dance.
 Let me see you just slide with me.
  I think Men in Black was like that's a you know, that's that was a many a middle school dance.
  Yeah, sure.
 What I think is weird, I like that you like it, though, because like I just don't I feel like when it came out,  it was like this one's not going to take nobody is going to Men in Black.
  Oddly, didn't with the little dance, it didn't feel as much just like a blatant ad for the movie.
  Like a spiritual heir to Ghostbusters, the song.
 But Nod Your Head, Black Suits Coming was just and in the wake of Wild Wild West,  like now the pattern has been established of these blatant ad songs.
  And Wild Wild West, I think is better than Black Nod Your Head, Black Suits Coming.
 I would agree.
  Or Black Suits Coming, parentheses, Nod Your Head.
  That what I might agree with that.
  So you like Wild Wild West, the ball of them.
 I like all of these.
  You're on board with all of these.
 Do you like Wild Wild West the best?  Do you like, well, then what of his singles then? What do you think is the best? Miami or Jiggy? Jiggy with It or what was the other?  Oh, I you know, in middle school, I liked Will Smith so much that my AOL screen name was G Jiggy One.
  Oh, wow, really?  G apparently standing for getting it was short.
 Oh, getting jiggy.
  I was the number one at it.
 Man, I recall what I was like in middle school.
  And I can tell you, I was not to the least bit jiggy.
 If you can believe it.
  I think that's interesting because you always seem like you were a much like hip or kid in regards to music you liked and some other stuff.
  Like I may have like turned your nose up at me and my like my Matchbox 20 or my oh, maybe.
  Well, I felt snobby, but I had this weird in middle school only.
  I felt a lot of pressure to like contemporary music and the contemporary music I chose was the hip hop at the time, some of which I would stand by.
  I'm still very fond of Busta Rhymes.
 Sure.
  But the Will Smith music is largely not so good.
  And I was also really down with the bad boy camp with the puff daddy and actually thinking about the song men in black again.
  And maybe this is points against it and for black suits come and nod your head.
  It is just such a lazy nod your head.
 My opinion's been backed up.
  The real lazy with those samples, he really did.
  I made a video a long time ago about how you just like like it's your it's your favorite disco songs, almost unaffected with him rapping about a movie over it.
  And it ran now.
 I sense have gotten pretty into Patrice Russian, the maker of the original song.
  Forget me nots.
 And it's pretty bullshit.
 It's the same melody.
 It's the same groove.
  He did almost nothing to it except rap about a movie he was in over it.
  I remember my parents being like, like, this is the song.
  This is another song.
 And I remember them like they don't get it.
 Yeah, me too.
  And then I was like, I'm older.
 I'm like, yeah, it is.
 It's like the same song.
 Really?  I mean, it's more like a like he's covering it, but he changed the lyrics.
  I'm all for the idea of the old man sampling view, obviously, is insanity because something like Paul's boutique is this rich tapestry of samples.
  But then like I am absolutely in my dad's camp now.
  If like this is the I'll be missing you.
 It's just every breath you take.
  Yeah.
 Well, I'm I ultimately don't care because all those people made a lot of money on these songs.
  If it put money in Patrice Russian's pocket, that's why.
  Yeah.
 And like I like it.
 So like I'm not like I'm not upset by it.
  But as I as I'm older and I've heard now the original songs, I'm like, this is just the song.
  This is what happened to me in middle school is I end.
  I liked all this rap that I sense have realized, oh, my God, every single one of them.
  I just liked the sample.
 What I really was liking was 70s, 80s funk and R&B.
 Oh, that's interesting.
  Yeah.
 I gave all the credit.
 Something I don't even remember what crappy rap song sampled.
  Never too much by Luther Vandross.
  But I was like, this is a dope song.
 And then like, no, they didn't do anything.
  They just laid that.
 What's I think Mo Money Mo Problems is a kind of builds on the original.
  I forget what the original sound that it's I'm coming out.
  But again, a lot of the hookiness of it is a yes.
  A lot of it's taken from that.
 Yeah.
  There's a little Smith.
 I'm sorry.
 The Wild Wild West is real bullshit.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 But again, Stevie got paid.
 So sure.
  Oh, and he performed at the MTV Awards.
 Of course.
  But he changed the words he sang.
 We go.
 It's great.
  Yeah.
 The one that made my dad the most mad of all of these was Come With Me.
  Yeah.
 From the God.
 I like that song too.
  I did at the time.
 I loved it.
 And I actually toured studio.
 I toured NBC and toured Studio 8H.
  Whereas SNL is done right right after that happened.
  I was there literally the summer after the episode where he performed that.
  And in my head, even though I was an SNL nerd and a comedy nerd, I was partially like, wow, that's where Chevy Chase performed or whatever.
  And even more so.
 Wow.
 That's where Puff Daddy and Jimmy Page come with me.
  No song is held up worse.
 Yeah.
  My dad was so mad about that.
 I remember he was just like, this is bullshit because like there's nothing.
  And then he's like and then he was mad because Jimmy Page was doing it with him.
 Yeah.
  But money, paycheck.
 But it's gross as well.
  They don't just lend themselves out to any fly by night product.
  Only superior products like the Godzilla song and Led Zeppelin the Ride at Hard Rock Park.
  Look, I got a summer.
 I just realized where all the timing of this worked out.
 So Men in Black 2 came out summer 2002.
  Songs of the Summer for me that summer.
 Got to go.
  Dodger heads, black suits, white blood cells or found love with a girl by the white stripes and hard to explain by the strokes.
  All of these also together.
 This all three of these songs.
  They also had really fun music videos, which that was a summer that I was like this summer I'm going to lose a bunch of weight.
  So I wake up every day and do this elliptical.
  And I realized VH1 for the first few hours of the morning just showed music videos without interruption.
  And I was very excited when one of those came on because the white stripes one had the was the Lego music video.
  And then the strokes one was just a cool like montage of different like found footage and like a jet plane and stuff.
  And most innovative Will Smith rode around a flying platform.
  I'm just picturing young Jason on an elliptical.
  Jason, it's the greatest.
 If you had any footage of you.
  I gave up soda too.
 I lost a bunch of weight.
  If only you thank God there's not footage of this because if there was footage of you, you'd be a Star Wars kid today.
  Like if there was a video elliptical, you on an elliptical to Wilson.
  No, no.
 I had to then get off that elliptical and go be a counselor at a theater camp.
  Like this is 2002.
 2002 was white stripes.
 Yeah, that's correct.
  Really? Wow.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, I think so.
 That may have come out right at the end of 2001, but I may that may have been like the sink.
  The second or third single.
  This is what I was talking about earlier.
  The passage of time is so much so that I get freaked out when I hear something like that because that feels like it's only like 10 years old.
  But that's like 15.
 How many times have Will Smith and the white stripes been to Orlando since 2002?  Here's why.
 Here's why I reacted with nod your head.
  I think Men in Black is the best of all of his Will Smith songs.
  I think it's by far the best one.
 I think it's the cool.
 I think it's the coolest one.
  I like the different parts in it and it's being well, I only have that opinion because I don't really care for the other ones.
  Well, fair enough.
 I'm not here sitting here listening to the greatest hits.
  I'm just saying Men in Black was always I think the best.
 Remember Willanium, which was another Will any.
  I like that one too.
 I get that confused with Robbie Williams's Millennium.
  Oh, yeah.
 Because he had a song called Millennium around that same time.
  That's a good song.
 Which is a good song.
 Yeah.
  I had a feeling this was going to be like this ride is great.
 We just kind of like the ride and there's not a ton to say about it.
  I have a feeling we're going to mostly talk about nod your head.
  2002 also Like I Love You, Justin Timberlake.
 Wow.
 Which is all happening at the same time.
 That still feels like a new song to me.
  Hot in here by Nelly.
 Another great song.
 This is the rise of Pharrell around this time.
  Yes.
 My mom's favorite rap song Hot in Here.
 That's a good choice.
  At first she was like, what is this song? And then it was a year we went to Florida and it was on the radio along with whatever, like By the Way by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
  And oh, yeah, just everywhere.
 She was like, this hot in here is good.
  And she was like, this is funny.
 My parents have never done about any rap song.
  I remember when the summer that Live in La Vida Loca came out and I was like at.
  And Jason would never be the same.
 You couldn't go to City Walk or Downtown Disney anywhere where they're playing current music.
  Just just nonstop live in La Vida Loca and smooth.
 I don't think that was the same summer.
  But no, there was a nonstop around that era.
 I'm sure.
  Well, smooth, the smooth left a crater for a decade or so.
  I've never quite recovered.
  Can I say something else in the periphery of men in black culture?  Something I discovered last night that's really something that will only hurt the mortality issue you're having, Mike, in the Men in Black cartoon show.
  It was an animated series that followed the film between one and two.
  There is a very strange clip that you can find where the equivalent animated equivalent of Will is fighting an alien for control of a blimp.
  He gains control and has the wheel, but then looks ahead of him and the blimp is heading straight for the twin towers.
  Will Smith and agent Jay, I think, says those towers are going to be too tall anymore.
  And then he narrowly, he like barely pulls the wheel up and the blimp barely goes vertical and avoid like right alongside the twin towers and avoid.
  And the 9-11 curse would affect Men in Black 2 as well because the finale was set originally at the twin towers and they had to change it to the Statue of Liberty.
  So now I've brought up 9-11.
 Wow.
  And after talking about the 9-11 songs, not yet.
  That's horrible.
 I mean, the most famous one of that is this the very first Spider-Man movie teaser involves him like stopping a helicopter full of criminals in a giant web between the two towers.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Oh, how unfortunate like and right.
 Was that like did it even get to be released or was it so timing?  It was released.
 I saw it.
 I remember downloading it on my computer, my gateway computer and it took forever.
  And I was so goddamn excited about Spider-Man coming finally.
  OK, so you did get to see without the horrible thing.
 I'm sure it's available somewhere.
 Right.
  All right.
 Well, I guess we'll go back to Men in Black.
  Now we got to turn this thing like a blimp and go in a different direction.
 Hey, at least.
 OK, so I have a couple of hot tips.
 I have a couple of dark things I realized about this.
  Well, one I think is more novel.
 I realize if you follow the story of this ride to its conclusion, because you go in the fake universe and you then you're recruited in Men in Black.
  You do the whole thing.
 You blow up the giant alien bug and either you are either way you're neuralized.
  But at the end and it's I really like the I like going through the full queue so you can see the pre show.
  And then because at the very end of the ride, you pull up at another world's fair looking room and they're like, are we alone in the universe?  Of course we are.
 I think that's a nice tie around.
 And then you walk by a door with the silhouettes of the worms.
  But I realized another thing about this ride.
 A bunch of this ride follows the story beats of the first Matrix.
  You are essentially a red pill.
 You take the red pill and that's when you join Men in Black.
 Right.
  Just as Morpheus recruits Neo, then you are like pulled into his fight, you're pulled into his crew, just like you are put in a car and handed a gun, just like Neo.
  Then you have a very minimal amount of training before you are immediately forced into a live fire exercise.
  And then you destroy a big bad guy.
 But then the twist, the turn is that like at the end of this ride, you are essentially back above the rabbit hole.
  You essentially take the blue pill and you go back to your normal life.
 So this is a great this would have made a great grad school.
 Yeah.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 There's also a darker version.
 If you use the definition of red pilling about like you find out what society is really about.
  It's like the maniacs on the internet.
 This would be a good 25 minute YouTube video where you're like you break it down like your personal.
 Yeah.
  Here's what I realized.
 She's a full Jordan.
 It's all like in the background you're like nod your head.
  And final realization, the great song of all time.
 Black 2 is coming.
  What you don't realize is that once you are in the Men in Black you can't unsee it.
  This is the Jordan Peterson Kermit voice.
 Oh God.
 I'm Phil.
 Lucky I don't know what Jordan.
 Yeah.
 I was going to say I don't know what the hell that is.
 Better you don't.
  You know too much about that stuff I think.
 That's a great theory.
  Can I can I say do you guys know about other alternate pitches for what these like wraparounds were?  Because the idea was always it's the the building is a front.
 You don't know where they're hiding that it's the Men in Black facility.
  And at the end you come out and you're somewhere else.
 And there was another it was originally going to be the Brooklyn Battery Building which is this big gray nondescript building where their headquarters are in the movie.
  But it's a theme park and that's not very lively to look at.
 It's a big concrete wall.
 So then they still got to do all the placemaking and cool architecture.
  So there were weird other other things pitched were that you were at an orange you're a fat an orange factory tour.
 And then at the end they denuralize you and you're just you're surrounded by you know crates of oranges.
  And then another one was that you you end up back at the Orlando Airport.
 This thing was almost the Orlando Airport.
 That's very yeah.
  You were going to get on a people mover essentially.
 Oh really.
 Oh interesting.
 That's what I which could have been a separate ride which is kind of the fun idea.
  But I think then the thinking was is that confusing.
 And do you not understand this premise if you don't deeply know the movie.
  And also who knows what the Orlando Airport looks like.
 It's still got to be this has to be like a striking building that gets you down to the other end of the park.
 Right.
  So they ended up at this this world's fair thing.
 But I like all those that that line of thinking is pretty fun.
 Yeah.
 I mean I like the the the look of this across the water.
  Like I remember when this first opened I was like wow that looks really cool.
 Like that looks great because there wasn't like a big now I feel like there's more I mean there was a lot of fake city facades.
  That's what a lot of Universal Studios what.
 So this definitely added some character.
 Yeah.
 And it's that part they have the big men in black sign.
 But if you just look at the building you don't necessarily it doesn't say men in black on the building.
  Yeah.
 That's a big circular sign out front.
 But if you were to see it from the water I like the idea of like what is that as opposed to like it says men in black on a billboard.
  It's so true.
 And it's not like you know what I think is a terrible facade is the is the Transformers ride in Hollywood because it just is a big yes.
 It says Transformers.
 Yeah there's no amount of intrigue.
  Because they had the Indiana Jones ride has nothing it doesn't say Indiana Jones on the front of the temple.
 We don't want that.
 You want to maintain the realism of this.
 You know it's funny that when I went to Harry Potter in Hollywood for the first time we literally got on the wrong line.
  We got confused.
 That is confusing.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Have you experienced that too.
 We ended up we're in the line for the wand shop we realized.
 Yes.
 So that's weird.
 You have to be I love the idea of like you round a corner and you don't know where you are.
 But there is like a level of functionality.
  You got to have it is a weird balance between like truly immersing the guest and like thinking like oh you're actually in the weird temple but also like we can't they can't wander.
 We can't just have people wandering.
 They have to actually there have to be markers and people and like it is a weird balance.
  I'm sure like that's a nightmare of Star Wars land right now when they're trying to figure all that logistics stuff out.
 Yeah.
 Of like what's a fully working city but also like we got to get people in and out.
 They have to be able to know where exits are where the actual ride is.
 Yeah.
  And we the our level of fan I think would love the more immersive it is and I bet the Imagineers would too.
 But at the end of the day there's not only you know just like regular foot but there's people don't say English and you like you do have to make these things very explicitly clear.
  Yeah.
 Mom and dad don't have like a feeling they just want to be like where do I go.
 OK.
 They don't want to like find it.
 They don't want to be like right.
 Explore and find.
 Yeah.
 Didn't you propose when we had when we had Weigert here talking about the Mickey and Friends parking garage you propose that it's fun.
  The parking parking lots are confusing at City Walk.
 Well I said I said what I thought was fun about city walk is because I agreed with Weigert that it's confusing because there are multiple parking garages there.
 But I always am surprised where I come out.
  I never know.
 I never know.
 I know.
 We'll talk about this at a later time.
 So I was saying it was a fun confusion at Disney.
 I was at Disney.
 I was saying that they should just have like like Mater parked in a parking spot in the parking lot.
  In a parking spot in the parking garage and that you would want randomly like fine Mater.
  If you didn't know where it was going to be if it was a different spot every time.
 Oh hey it's Mater.
 That's pretty fun.
 OK.
 Well other stuff about this ride.
 Did you guys figure out that it is the same ride vehicle as the cat in the hat ride.
 I read that.
 I thought that was interesting because they were trying to decide between the ride system of cat in the hat and Spider-Man both which had opened the previous year and they said it was too impossible.
  To like shoot straight with like the range of movement you would get with the Spider-Man kind of vehicle.
 Oh interesting.
 But the cat in the hat like that then they even I think we said they toned down the movement at that ride.
 So but it was I think was performing very well over at Islands of Adventure and they carted it over.
  But they also added an element that is you know in a bunch of nonsense called the fusion exhaust ports which is a fancy term for the big red point that you shoot at in during the one very cool part where you were shooting directly at another car because that's a unique feature of this ride that you are side by side a very rare thing in a dark ride and you're competing against another vehicle and there's this very fun sequence where you're you go side by side and there's a scanner and it reveals that the.
  Other car all aliens and then you shoot at the fusion exhaust port and make it spin out.
 Yeah might be my favorite part of the ride.
 That's a fun little zone.
 I like that.
 I'm very fond.
 Like I said my brother and I get very competitive with this ride.
 I love and I'm very good at being the one who hits the red button at the end.
 You got to do it fat that you have to be the first in the car to get the point.
 Yeah you have to do it and I like am waiting for it.
 I'm not like hammering on it.
 I wait for tear rip to get the point.
  Or tear ripped towards say push the red button.
 So that you wouldn't right before that wouldn't do you anything but you got to be pretty on the right when he says it and if first in the car it's like 100,000 points.
 Yeah it's 100,000 points and it activates whatever nonsense what nonsense term.
 I remember typing this out because it's so long.
 It activates the essentially just a big explosion like yeah that side the final big alien.
  I like there's a very fun little just a little detail but it's like you go into Central Park and there's a bunch of glowing eyes like it's bushes and then you come around the corner and in the part is this giant like it is a huge animatronic like it doesn't have a ton of range of movement.
  It's like very large.
 It's very I'll say this on a previous podcast Scott was talking about how he was very scared of large things.
 And I believe the first time I saw this I did have like the animal part of my brain went oh like too big didn't like that.
  That's like a scary spider.
 That didn't bother me.
 It's like enough of a now look who's cool.
 I was an old person too but I mean I'm just saying I'm I my initial feeling like it's kind of like smoky and is it like smell a little bit.
  It's something like a thing to go into and I was like I don't want to look like a big spider the subatomic thermal disruptor is what blows that for and then that makes your car spin a bunch.
 Yeah.
  This is not a neg.
 Well I guess it's a negative.
 I think that the queue and everything and all the all the aliens are so cool.
 I feel like this being a shooting ride detracts from the ride.
 I think that like for the length they went to like theme the whole thing and make it a fake out and make it the cool like intro to it a fake out like  you're too you get too worried about shooting and points that like it's a level of detail and immersion that you would probably appreciate more if you could let that part of your brain go where you're so focused on shooting things.
  Sure like I feel like there's probably like if any like Indiana Jones was a shooting ride.
 I think it would make the ride worse.
  But like I think like like it's not it's bad.
 This is not I'm not saying it's bad because it's very it's very cool and it's good.
 But I think the shooting element as cool as it seems it's actually kind of better on Buzz Lightyear because it's a Buzz Lightyear like a smaller ride.
  It's a kiddie ride and even on Toy Story made way mania it's like a game and it's like it's much more tailored for that.
 But this way like you're kind of going very slow because you have to go pretty slow to be able to shoot it stuff.
  So like it you don't have the room for like the truly like cool thrills and like indie indie can switch up speeds you can go in and out.
 And I'm saying I think maybe in with even with a lot of the stuff that's already in this ride you could have like a more of an indie level ride with with all of the detail they put into this thing.
  And they drove those cars.
 Are they like town cars in the movie or the cat a lot of those black cars that they like have like turns into a crazy the new hotness.
 He says in the sequel.
  Yeah.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 So like that's a tailor made for a ride vehicle.
 Right.
 It's almost like I just think like we're never unless there's a new resurgence of men in black.
  I'm like there's even like a better men in black ride somewhere in this.
 And I feel like the shooting takes a little away from it.
 Again I like it.
 It's very good in the details very cool.
 But I think it holds you back a little bit.
  You maybe ignore how well done some of the creatures are saying and you're not you're not appreciating that it's this tentacle monster bursting out of a right out of a second story window.
  Yeah that's true.
 I don't know.
 I think it's just a it's it's different.
 It's different.
 It's different.
 I have to give it credit.
 Mostly practical stuff mostly animatronics.
  That's why I'm saying that that's what I'm saying.
 Screens come on universal learn from this.
 I know.
 Minimal screens.
 I think they're getting there.
  I mean there's the people that are working in whatever they're imagining is called.
 No.
 And a lot of the problem is is that that's just budget stuff.
 The screens are fun like the alien scanning that makes sense.
  And even just a partial like screen because you can still kind of see the other part.
 I can't remember what it is.
 This is an unsourced thing.
 But there was a message board and we haven't done calling yet in Orlando.
  But Kong in Orlando is very similar to just the tram tour version of Kong.
 It's just a lot of screens and then a practical Kong had it then which is cool.
 It's a big giant head but it's just like his head.
  And it's like well OK.
 And now the ride's over.
 But there was a message board post of somebody who worked in creative at Universal who was just so upset because they had a version of Kong where it was a robot chasing you.
  What.
 I don't know how they did it but they had this crazy elaborate way that it was not going to just be screens for this Kong ride.
 And like there's like they're probably just as frustrated as we are about having to like put so many screen rides.
  Yeah those giant ride and it seems like the same thing happened with the Fast and the Furious Supercharge where it's like they built these giant ride vehicles and yes it does get a lot of people through in an hour you know per person capacity.
  But it's like oh those don't they can't they don't really have a range of movement you know.
  Yeah and of course and it's just and it's with the Kong ride to it feels short.
 I mean that's a different no different problem but like yeah it's it's a it's like using screen using screens if it's a very specific reason like Toy Story Midway Mania which uses screen or if it's used to augment like Spider Man.
  I mean Spider Man is mostly screens with the screen ride effects and the range of movement in the car.
 Really it all works together.
  But you need one screen ride in the park or two and then the screen to augment other experiences like on the the Navi River journey at Avatar you use a screen in the background to make it look like there's a Navi running and but there's practical you know plant life and stuff like that.
  I think more than ever that tech tile tech coal robots animatronics.
 Yeah because these are you know so many I guess watch movies just in your house and you can in video games are in your house.
 These places the only places with the big crazy robots.
  Yeah and I want I guess that's where my point is coming from is like if this was like a more dynamic ride vehicle or experience you would really like whoa this ride is on the level of Indiana Jones whereas I think you get it just takes a little I'm so sorry you guys who made it.
  It's great.
 I just have my feeling if you had any.
 Yeah.
 Well next time just don't don't shoot.
 Just don't shoot.
 Just keep just look at stuff.
 Hey you know there are screens in this ride but these screens have Will Smith himself.
  On them.
 Yeah and I am a glorious standard definition.
 That's what I to come.
 Well one's not really a complaint one complaint one observation the complaint is that this is one of the big offenders of like some Florida cues like they have not upgraded for it like because they got this giant cool oval screen in what is my second point the immigration and control room which is the giant room with the two alien robots.
  The giant room with the two alien twins that you can see all the debt and I be desks immigration control sure it was very funny at the time to call like but now I that kind of has an H12.
 Oh no are the men in black ice for the alien like oh let's not think about that.
  The answer is yes.
 Yeah.
 That is what they're coming here illegally and men in black are designed to.
 Well they register them to supposedly.
 I guess that's true.
 They seem benevolent.
 They seem like a benevolent government organization.
 But I mean there's been some funny business in those movies.
 There's room for sure.
  And depending on who's running the men in black I mean maybe they're very hostile toward our alien friends who come to this.
 So it depends who's in charge.
 Oh that's a good point.
 Is that happening.
 The third I've never seen the third one.
 I also have not seen the third one either.
 I almost  watched it.
 Movie night boys.
 Oh boy.
 Josh Brolin right he's young Tommy.
 Brolin is young Tommy Lee.
 Yeah yeah.
 You know there was some click bait headline that was like the actor who plays Thanos is actually very handsome in real life.
 And like I think Jenny Nicholson maybe posted that.
 It's like the actor.
 Yeah he's very famous.
 He's like a storied career very good career.
  Famous enough to be on movie posters with his name all the time.
 Yeah.
 Fun fact his name is.
 He has a name.
 It's Josh Brolin.
 He's the son of another famous actor.
 They're a family of actors.
  I what a crabby headline.
 But the what we say.
 Yeah well that'd be the way to do if they did a you know a real if they want to make a real relevance currents you know Newman in black but with the tone and shooting style of homeland or that would be a thing I would avoid at all costs.
  It seems like you'd see articles about how it was very thoughtful and cool of them to comment on the Trump bearer.
 Netflix like Ghost Troopers or whatever right.
 Like the good.
 That was one of those movies.
 It was it seemed like it's like Ghostbusters but deadly serious.
 Oh and it was like special ops guys with ghost guns.
  You aren't talking about our IPD.
 No no no.
 And you're also not talking about was the ghost show on Hulu.
 I made fun of all the time.
 Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah.
 I know what you're talking about.
 Ghosts.
 Can't help himself.
  What was it called another show.
 I think it'd be called Ghosted but then there is the show Ghosted as well.
 There's a lot of these.
 Do you guys like the men in black films or the first film the first one I loved.
 I thought that was so much fun.
  And then I also like back when you were like you could be really like moved by a quote like I remember like Tommy Lee Jones is like you know yesterday you didn't know.
 I should really look this up like yesterday you do blah blah blah.
 And now you know that there's alien blah blah blah.
  Imagine what you'll know tomorrow.
 Wow he's right.
 Five thousand years ago people thought the Earth.
 Thank you.
 You actually know the full.
 I just saw this morning.
 Oh yeah.
 And I still can't actually produce it.
  It's true.
 It's about.
 That'll be the sign off message for the episode.
 I did like the I really liked the world building around it.
 I think like there's some decent jokes.
  I feel like the plots are kind of all over the place.
 I think the first one's a lot but the second one with the galaxy on the cat's collar is a little confusing.
 Although Rosario Dawson always liked her.
  She's going to go that second one.
 And I mean oh god.
 The one thing I love from this movie is that it's not present in this ride.
 Maybe some footage but Vincent D'Onofrio always great.
 He's so fun.
  Sugar sugar water like it's he's so great.
 It seems to have some like new.
 There's like a wave of people who are like like we're keeping that alive.
 I feel like how crazy and funny that performance is.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean I didn't even.
  It was like years later until I put it together that that was him.
 Yeah.
 Me too.
 Another story career.
 Like there's a thing I like about the Men in Black franchise in general is that for this big movie with these like these very commercial rap songs and whatever that there's odd idiosyncratic performances from weirdo character actors.
  Yes.
 Vincent D'Onofrio and RipTorne and Johnny Knoxville's fun and that one the one.
 David Cross is a small role.
 David Cross is really funny.
 The first one and the second one.
 Jermaine Clements.
 Josh Brawn is always good and stuff.
 I didn't see it.
  Sure.
 But they like this franchise is a I don't think it has to be.
 Well Barry Sonnenfeld who also did the Addams Family which contains some of the most strange performances in mainstream blockbusters from Raoul Julia to the kids are so good.
  Christina Ricci and what's his name? The Pugsley? No the other the boyfriend.
 Oh yeah yeah yeah that kid.
 Krummholz.
 Thank you.
 Is really good.
 So yeah Sonnenfeld pretty excellent run.
  I feel like he made a lot of blockbusters better than they kind of had a right to be.
 Did he wag the dog? Was that him? Maybe.
 Don't hold this against us we're not a film podcast.
 Yeah.
 I'm sorry.
 He had some more like awards kind of fair there too.
  Yeah it was also just it was in the right time when I was of I what was I 12 or 13? Yeah.
 And it was like Independence Day had come out the year prior.
 I loved Independence Day so it was very much a Will Smith was the coolest guy and it was like every movie he makes is going to be awesome.
  The marketing for these were fun the trailers were fun.
 Yeah I do I do like these.
 The vibe of them kind of reminds me a lot.
 Oh this is kind of like what I liked as a kid with Ghostbusters.
 Barry Levinson is wag the dog Jason.
 Oh that is confusing.
  And this is Barry Sonnenfeld.
 Okay.
 But sort of that like there's a there's a world here there's rules to this world but there's like it's funny too.
 Like this and Ghostbusters kind of have that in common.
 And these like systems.
 Very similar Ghostbusters in that way that you have the proton packs and you got to like learn how these things work.
 The guns are so cool.
 Oh yeah the noisy cricket.
 Right.
 The denuralizer.
 Denuralizer amazing invention.
 What a cool design.
 The idea you can set those.
 Oh.
  Dials.
 And who wouldn't love to be denuralized right about now.
 That would be wonderful.
 Well I think we have to get through some bullshit in the world because if you came out if you were denuralized and then entered this world right now that would be weird.
 But when when the administration is done if we could just kind of go back to the beginning of 2016 and denuralize all of it.
 Yeah.
 You're just like all right so here's the world now and here's the Marvel movies you missed and that's it.
 That's all that happened.
 An agent just shoves it in.
  An agent just shoves it.
 An agent just shoves it.
 Wow 70 movies.
 I'll be busy.
 Lot's to catch up on.
 I really liked Men in Black when it came out and I have a little thing to share which is that I when I was walking out of the theater to the strains of the Men in Black song and I always saw it with my dad and I could tell that he did not like the film and he looked back and asked me what do you think kind of with some judgment and I wanted to show that I really liked it and I said I shall  pray for a sequel.
 Whoa.
 You were saying you had the premise that I was like a hip kid or something.
 That's how I talked in 1997.
 I was a little lights camera Jackson.
 That's wild.
 Yeah I have a such a strong memory of saying it and I remember even more strongly my dad like grimacing.
 He didn't like that.
 Yeah he was like what who's this wiener kid I'm raising.
 I can dab on my knees and humble myself before a vengeful god that he brings back to me.
  Another of these fine films.
 I prostrate myself before whatever higher power there is.
 Whatever Hollywood lords and ladies make the decisions.
 And then I got my wish and I didn't see it.
 I think I only saw the Michael Jackson part on YouTube and then my prayers came true and I didn't.
 What an awful kid.
 Wow.
 If you think I'm annoying now then if you met me when I was 12.
 Yeah horrible.
 Man.
 Once again these are the  now I've that one is really damning and that forbidden Broadway stuff that came up in the American Adventure episode.
 I who boy I skated away.
 They slid away from an awful way of being.
 And I'm very and I say prayers to say thank you.
 Hey why couldn't you just be a normal kid like me.
 Do you think nod your heads to motivate you.
  The elliptical man.
 Man me knowing all the words to push in 3 a.
m.
 by Matchbox 20.
 I look like the coolest guy out of all three of us now is when we were 14.
 You were you were ahead of it.
 I was I was a snob and I didn't like Matchbox 20.
 Then I made a video with Rob Thomas the singer.
  I made a video with him at Funny or Die.
 He was great.
 He was a cool dude.
 Let me get the word out here that Rob Thomas is was awesome.
 So much fun.
 So I got no beef with Matchbox 20 today.
 You I think maybe you were the coolest.
 You were.
 I was.
 Wow.
 I didn't think that was the case.
 Thumbs up Rob.
 Cool dude.
 Hey we're all cool.
 Hey you know we're all.
 Now we have a podcast where I complain that's got to get rid of that standard deaf.
 Come on guys.
 Put it a high def screen on that cool oval.
  So Baloney related ideas.
 Things really worked out for the three of us.
 Baloney the intricacies of fast pass at Universal.
 There's a lot of exciting going on.
 Yes we are.
 I highly recommend.
 I also recommend this ride.
 What do we think.
 Any final thoughts.
  Well if you had to.
 What if we ranked the ride as do we call it.
 We rank it as a galaxy defender as cosmically average or as bug bait.
 Oh I mean if that's.
 This is the ranking system at the end of the ride.
 It's got to be a galaxy defender.
 Yeah.
 That's an unfro.
 We know the answer.
  Really.
 Even if you have some.
 It's a it's galaxy defender.
 I mean my big improvement.
 I think I talked about liking like little little plus ups in rides when they like bring a ride back from refurbishment and you're like oh look there's a little.
 There's a couple extra things in here.
 I would just love.
 I would love a little bit of a very cranky Tommy Lee Jones begrudgingly just a little bit of footage is him like.
  All right when you get in your ride vehicle Jonah.
 I would also love a.
 But Vincent D'Affrio bug animatronic I would love a sugar animatronic.
 I agree more.
 Yeah I think you do.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That would if they like the hat box goes.
 That's that's sort of what I'm saying.
 A little bit more from the movie a little bit more of that character you remember because you can focus on.
  Because of the because you're not shooting at it.
 How about a bug man Vincent D'Affrio walk around.
 How about like a like a beetle juice.
 God.
 Jim Carrey Grinch characters they have used.
 I think the I think we found that the bug needs to be more a part of pop culture at large.
  Well fun if a bug was walking around and bothering you and like slobbering and he held out his hand and his hand was gross and I wouldn't care for that.
 Nothing to make you actually sick.
 He's just got like Nickelodeon Gack on his palm.
 That's funny you mentioned that because like I found footage I'd sent it to you guys of like the opening day of this attraction and they had like men in black scaling down from the towers and there was a Lincoln town car and they had plasters and a big explosion in the front.
 I'm realizing I don't remember any aliens.
  In that footage but like yeah that would have been like the first year you have some aliens wander around you have black in the suits wandering around if you to kind of get the word out about the park if they're what if they did like typical universal characters like Marilyn Monroe or Groucho Marx and they de-masked themselves revealed themselves or like opened a little pod in their chest and there's a little alien controlling them so like that the men in black equivalent of like the hard rock park commercials.
  When it's a regular person and then they get rock and roll and they're going to the hard rock sounds like they went to hard rock part must have been through the immigration facilities and then my be headquarters there.
  There I would think though that like if I'm talking to Lucille ball outside of the I love Lucy experience and she turns out to be a bug person.
  I'm going to be very upset that's cool as hell I love that you know I I'll veto that idea because I just I want to talk to Lucy I want to have a conversation with her and that's all.
  Okay that's fine and if they hired a really short actor so that the entire head area could be filled with some like full but full alien like doing a little like like a little elliptical machine.
  Oh yeah I always like the tiny aliens in the human yes that's that was very fun.
  Yeah yeah it does feel like they should them to I haven't seen the third they should have been big like the universe is so cool and then they like one is the only one that anyone has any affection for movie one yeah.
  There should have been better there should have I mean there were some funny action scenes there should have been some like cool John Woo kind of like yeah.
  Shoot out scenes but yeah like the ride is we're saying yeah adding the character I also we could add the bug man to be able to use his graveyard review is that still going I don't know I don't think so I don't think so.
  I want it to be the bug man.
  I want the bug man and beetle juice and Frankenstein to do Gangnam Style and that's all I want literally your music is got your favorite song for a decade was nod your head and now it's Gangnam Style for another decade it's a big Gangnam Style.
  Hey just some real quick tips if you are going on this ride anytime soon try to sit on either outside don't sit in the middle seat it's three across the middle seat it's always harder to score points at the end listen for ripped warned to tell you to hit the red button.
  And well yes aim for farther away targets that's the same on Buzz Lightyear you want to aim for farther away targets because it's like a cone infrared it's like a cone so it's wider when it comes out that's true on Buzz Lightyear.
  Yeah, yeah, it's tougher to aim it's been written for me.
  Well, no, I thought that it's tougher you more points is what you're saying right.
  No, I think it just gets more accurate the further it goes.
  Oh, I didn't know that.
  But also often on Buzz Lightyear the farther away target is the blue target or the target.
  Yeah, so it's more points.
  Oh, I see.
  I will say don't in real life though if ripped horn tells you to do something.
  Take a moment.
  Yeah, think about it and think about it.
  What is he saying to you?  What is his state of mind?  If he hands you a weapon and proudly calls it jumbo Judy.
  You're Larry Sanders now kid.
  Take a breath and he has you drink something it just don't don't be handed an object by ripped horn.
  If he thinks a bank is his house.
  Which is what happened.
  Fine actor though.
  Amazing.
  Oh, I love it when he shows up in movies.
  So glad he's in the ride.
  So glad Will's in the ride.
  Glad Will's in the ride.
  Yeah, ups the level.
  Those ending videos when he gives you the neuralyzer.
  Come on, let's make him high def guys.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Update the definition.
  Add an expensive bug character and then.
  And take out all the guns and the shooting part.
  And we're good to go.
  And we're set.
  And you survived podcast the ride of Men in Black Alien Attack.
  This is the last podcast you ever listened to.
  Or this is the last suit you'll write.
  That's what he said.
  Yeah, we're the first, last and only podcast defense in the universe.
  That's not accurate.
  So follow us at podcast the ride on Twitter.
  Then email us podcast the ride to Gmail.
  And we have a Facebook group.
  Facebook group.
  Fun posts going on in there.
  We have an unofficial fan page we just discovered too.
  So go there.
  Oh, yeah.
  Discussion.
  I like reading rules and saying keep the discussion about among other things, the hosts.
  Yeah.
  Please talk about us.
  Please only talk about us and about how cool we are and how we're so much cooler than we  were 12.
  We've come a long way.
  Yes.
  And then I do have any.
  I have one more quote to read in closing unless you guys are more.
  Let's hear it.
  500 years ago, everybody knew the earth was flat.
  And 15 minutes ago, you knew that humans were alone on this planet.
  Imagine what you'll know tomorrow.
  Not your head.
  Black suits.
  Not your head.
  Black suits.
