 Aloha! Podcast the Ride is doing its first live show August 9th in Sherman Oaks, California  in a beautiful abandoned sports authority with special guest Tony Baxter.
 Can you believe,  I still kind of can't believe it, you two.
  Yeah, I can't believe it.
  It's our hero who we've talked about on most episodes and a guy I've been obsessed with  since I was 10 years old and he did all my favorite things and we're gonna talk to him  in front of people.
  Yeah, and it's going to be embarrassing for us but also hopefully sweet.
 So like, please  come out, like this is gonna be fun, it's 10 bucks, I mean come on!  Gotta do it.
 And you'll get to see this amazing gallery, the collection of Richard Kraft who  we're also gonna talk to as well.
 You get to take photos with Dumbo cars and monorail  innards and gears, gears probably too.
  Yeah, you know, severed limbs from sea serpents from the submarine voyage, I don't know exactly  what's there, things like that.
  The exhibition is free and is running for most of the month of August, tickets for separate  events, like our show, again, $10, or there's a signing with the artist Shag, Paul Scheer  is doing a show, Alan Menken is doing a show at the end of the month.
  This is starting to sound desperate.
 I think we should ease off the throttle and just let  people enjoy going to our site, good look in the show description, you're gonna come,  it's gonna be chill, you're gonna have a great time.
 And now you're gonna have a great time  listening to our regular episode.
  Warning, the following podcasts may contain neck damage, heel turns, and an aggressive  look at Houston's astral world with guest Nick Mundy.
 Grab your cool teen friends, it's  podcast the ride.
  Welcome to podcast the ride hosted by three guys who in high school did way less coming  out and socializing than the grim grinning ghosts.
  They come out and socialize, what's that? What does that mean? Joining us, hey, I'm  Scott Gardner and joining me as always Mike Carlson.
  Hey, yeah, those ghosts partied hard and I did not.
  They know over 900 other ghosts.
  Yeah, and they're like, they rode bikes, they did a lot of fun, they popped up behind gravestones,  and yeah, they knew girls, they were real cool and I was not real cool.
  Yeah, I bet another ghost admirer is Jason Sheridan.
  Hi, yeah, I love those ghosts.
 I don't know, I was reasonably social and then there would  be times where it's like I wouldn't leave the house all weekend.
 And when I did, I usually  had a handwritten list of what comics were coming out and on what dates, just so I didn't  miss anything.
  You had a handwritten list, really?  Yeah, sure.
  Huh, because I would, look, I had it all up here in my brain.
 I never wrote it down what  comics I was getting.
 I knew on Wednesday, I knew which date the uncanny X-Men would  come out and I would just know and then I would go there.
  That's true.
 Some years I had subscriptions, so they would just come to my house.
  I had subscriptions too for a few months, but they would come after the release date  of the comic store.
  Usually after the release date, yeah.
  And I hated that, so I canceled my subscription because I could not wait for the new issues.
  Yeah, that was annoying.
 I mean, nowadays people would be up in arms because I think  if you pre-order a new release video game, it arrives the day it comes out.
  Right, so yeah, that was unacceptable.
 How did you guys order your comic books?  You guys keep going without me.
  We don't have to talk.
  When I was in detention, I was bored and I asked the kid sitting next to me if I could  read his.
  Oh, sure.
  That's cool.
  Makes sense.
 In character.
 That was the voice of.
.
.
 I don't even know what that means exactly.
  That was the voice of a highly anticipated guest.
 We're so excited he's here.
  He's finally here.
  From the Team Tiger Awesome Show podcast from Conan and The Rock's best friend, it's Nick  Mundy, ladies and gentlemen.
  Hey guys, thanks for having me.
  Hello.
  Thank you for coming.
  I'm a little under the weather, so I apologize if I sound nasally, but I'm sure you guys  can run a filter through that.
  Yeah, I'll clean that up in post.
 Yeah, just like more bass or higher.
 Maybe both.
  Whatever, I'm not even entirely sure these microphones are plugged in.
  Yeah.
  This is just we're luring you to hang out with us.
  And we're pretending we're recording it.
  We think if it's an official enough reason, he'll come.
  I don't know why I said that.
 I think I'm like that you it because it felt like it felt  like a mild bully move.
 Like, hey, let me read your comic.
  Hey, do you give me your comic?  No, it wasn't a bully move.
 It was just like, hey, I'm bored.
 What are you reading? Let  me read it.
  To me reads as like business person on a computer train like, excuse me, reading the sports  section.
  No, it wasn't that nice.
 But it was like, yeah, like I want to read it too.
  But would you take it?  No.
 Did you ever take stuff from like dweebs in high school?  No, I never picked on dweebs.
 I picked on the popular kids.
  OK, so you were like kind of in the middle?  Yeah, I was just kind of for the last two years of high school, like a burnout.
  OK, but do you have like a good group of friends or was it you?  Yeah, no, I had a good group of friends.
  OK, and they were all burnouts or they were all kids?  Yeah, it was like mostly burnouts.
  OK, so you would harass cool kids.
  I didn't harass anyone.
  OK, I'm just saying like you would you would goof on the popular kids.
  Sure.
  And it was kind of like you were a Robin Hood.
 You were stealing the coolest from.
  I've been bullied.
 I made some jokes.
  It's like just because I remind you of all of your bullies collectively.
  I also avoided not just bullies, but all people so thoroughly in high school that I think  I maybe I put you on the bully end of the spectrum because I don't know any better.
  I was gregarious.
  Yeah, that seems true.
  And you know, talk like Beavis.
  Oh really?  Well, no, just like inadvertently.
  OK.
  It was like, let me see that comic book.
  Is that like the cartoon?  So you were like the Pauly Shore character from a goofy movie?  More or less, yes.
  That sounds fun.
  Yeah, which I didn't watch until like a year ago because my wife made me because that was  just.
  Who is Pauly Shore playing a Coonchoo movie?  The friend?  Pauly Shore.
  The guy who sounds like Pauly Shore who says.
  I haven't seen it since I was a kid.
  I got to rewatch that.
  He's the cheese whiz.
  He does.
  Oh, the cheese guy.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Whatever that line is in it.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  The goofy movie, of course, has the best Disney song, which is I.
T.
I.
  The Paralyze song?  Yeah, Paralyze.
  What do you think having not grown up with it?  Because it seems like there is like there's been this groundswell of people.
  I feel like everybody was quiet about how much they love the goofy movie.
  And it is just it is back full force at this point.
  It's a cultural phenomenon that completely passed me by.
  Yeah, right?  It's just shit.
  You didn't like it?  It sucks.
  Oh, OK.
  I don't get it.
  You're bullying our audience already.
  No, I just like, look, if you like it, cool.
  I mean, you know, I'm not going to get all Carlson, Last Jedi on it.
  But I just edit half hour tangent from podcast.
  All right, we're back.
  So you were saying about goofy movie.
  Yeah.
  It didn't.
  It did.
  It didn't click.
  I mean, yeah, it just I missed a lot of stuff out like when I was a kid, because my parents  were never like, hey, here's like a Disney movie.
  Here's like a cartoon.
  I remember the day before fourth grade, my dad was like, hey, I rented two movies and  there were total recop and Robocop to total recap.
  I mean, total recall and Robocop to kick ass merger, though.
  You were just all cool like action films from day one.
  It's like that's all I had because my grandmother also had HBO and she would tape every movie.
  And so she had this like unauthorized library of every single Steven Seagal Jean Claude  Van Damme Chuck Norris.
  So like so just ultraviolence.
  Yeah, she would get a class of 1999 day of the prayer of the Roller Boys.
  It would be like it was completely organized.
  Oh, yeah, no.
  Check out Prayer of the Roller Boys.
  Do you not know about what a title the post apocalyptic movie that takes place in 1999  about Corey Haim taking down a white supremacist roller game?  I have never heard of this.
  Oh, my God.
  Now, I've been watching the movie.
  You're watching a goofy movie and you're watching Prayer of the Roller Boys, Cybercop.
  The one that you made me watch and I fell asleep during No Retreat, No Surrender, No  Retreat, No Surrender.
  I really felt like I disappointed you.
  That was like your like philosophical core movie.
  Yeah, that was a karate kid ripoff where instead of Mr.
 Miyagi, it was Bruce Lee's ghost.
  Well, weird.
  And Jean Claude Van Damme was the Russian bad guy.
  No Retreat, No Surrender is what I say when I get to the buffet portion, the dessert portion  of a buffet.
  Like I'm already probably too full.
  I shouldn't have more than just like one bite and I still come back with a dinner plate  full of treats.
  Because you paid.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, and you got to get the most out of it.
  Well, I also don't know what you're going to like so I got to sample everything before  I see.
  A quick note.
  There was one time when you were working this old job and I went over and I was like, hey,  do you want to have lunch?  And you were like, yeah, yeah.
  And I was like, hey, why don't we, it'd be funny if you go to that hometown buffet and  you were like, I don't want to spend eight dollars.
  I think I more just didn't want to take the time.
  That's why we do that a little bit on the show.
  But he is like the heartthrob of the show.
  I agree.
  I am the heartthrob.
  The internet response has certainly been that Jason is the scene stealer in the show.
  Hey Jason, remember that time you couldn't afford stuff?  Yeah.
  He had a job.
  It was eight dollars.
  Yeah.
  You should see what he would spend on a dessert alone.
  Speaking of bullying, what was that?  I'm a little I'm a heel on this show often.
  I feel like the jerk.
  I'm the one who was yelling at you guys about the amount of days to spend.
  I've been trying to cool it ever since.
  That was a real wake up call for me.
  We all disagreed about how many days are the optimal amount to spend to the Tokyo Disney  Resort.
  You see, Nick, what's the optimal amount?  Well the fans have spoken, I think, and they resoundingly I think agree with Jason that  four days is the amount of days.
  Scott believes it's two, which everyone except for maybe one person says is insanity online.
  I said three.
  That's what we were planning to do.
  Did more than three people weigh in on this?  I believe like six people.
  I would say around six.
  It wasn't three, it was six.
  The overwhelming majority.
  Overwhelming majority.
  It is deafening.
  Yes we can.
  Four days.
  It's a sample size in my mind.
  So this is my last Jedi.
  But I want to go.
  I'm excited to go.
  How many days do you want to go?  I think two is plenty.
  One day for one park and you've done the parks.
  There's two parks.
  You're not knowing much.
  No, I know.
  What's the conversion rate from Disneyland to Tokyo Disney?  If you're talking money, it's just an extra hotel room because it's only I think 30 extra  bucks or something for the third day.
  If Disney is like a hundred bucks, how much is like Tokyo Disney America?  It's less money.
  I think it's like 60 to 70 because it's subsidized by the Japanese government.
  I would only do two days but I can see why Carlson would do four if it's that amount  of money.
  Now is this insanity that he says two days?  Yes, it's upsetting because here it's Tokyo Disney.
  Fair enough, fair enough.
  For you, yes.
  I'm not talking about for me, two days, yes.
  But for some nerds.
  For you, yeah.
  I can see why you would want to go four or five days.
  Tokyo Disney is supposed to be the best theme park in the world.
  That's all I'm saying.
  Look, let's just compromise and admit that this makes for awful broadcasting.
  To re-litigate the same issue over and over again with no understanding.
  It's like a catchphrase.
  It's a recurring plot.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, when you frame it like that.
  Yeah, you're opening 90 minute play around.
  Yeah, or play around.
  You know, comedy is play, I say as I load the barrel of the gun into my mouth.
  You know, these kinds of recurring arguments about days to spend at resorts, this is the  kind of fun that you, Nick Mundy, made possible.
  Yes.
  And allow me to explain the backstory.
  This is a crucial piece of the backstory of this podcast that I don't think people know.
  And feel free to give me your version of these events, Mike.
  But in my mind.
  We have four people.
  We have enough to do a full Rashomon of how this happens.
  You mean a full Arrested Development Season 4.
  Yes.
  So that just supplanted Rashomon.
  Okay, so in my mind, the backstory of this podcast is that, Nick, you were doing a podcast  for a different network and a different network than No Network, which is what we're on.
  And you just, you went to Mike and said, hey, do it, do a theme park podcast, theme park  podcast.
  It's a home run.
  Do it, get it off the ground.
  And then we ended up having that.
  That sounds accurate.
  Yeah.
  Well, I assume with a hey, Duder.
  I don't know if you call me Duder.
  I don't think you call me that.
  But other than that, it's very accurate.
  By the end of this show, I hope you'll feel familiar enough to start doing it.
  Because yes, my memory is pretty similar.
  It was Jason and I think.
  Well, no, the reason I probably don't call you Duder is because you're probably going  to like, after I do it, you go up to Sheridan and be like, yeah, Mundy called me Duder.
  I did it.
  I don't get it.
  I'm going to bully you behind your back.
  I don't know why I did it.
  It's weird.
  It's uncomfortable.
  Does he know dude isn't spelled with an R?  I think I would be fine with that nickname.
  It would be fine if you called me that.
  All right, Duder, tell me your side of the story.
  It's pretty similar.
  I believe Jason and I were over watching wrestling and I think you were like, oh yeah, you guys  should do the theme park podcast.
  And you were like, oh yeah.
  And you're like, yeah, yeah, do it.
  I mean, you could ask God to do it.
  You should.
  You should do it.
  And I'm like, does anybody really want to hear this?  Does anyone care about this?  Like, there's a lot of theme park podcasts where you're like, no, no, no, you should  just do it.
  It's easy, it's easy, come on, it's a home run, it's a home run.
  That's what I remember.
  Oh yeah, I guess.
  And like I was thinking about it and like you were so insistent.
  I was like, yeah, I guess.
  I bullied you into doing something good.
  Yes, that is what happens.
  That's what happened.
  And this is, that's what I'm not complaining to say something you did.
  It seems like a bully statement.
  That's how we became friends, I believe.
  Sure.
  Hey, Duder, we're friends now.
  We're hanging out.
  Yeah.
  Come over.
  And then four years of just apologizing to your wife for drunken antics that were just  silly.
  Yeah, that's the thing.
  Nothing bad ever happened.
  You just like spoke at like three times.
  What's the opposite of three times speed?  You spoke at a third speed, probably the first five times you met.
  Hey, Aaron.
  But nothing bad was said at this slow pace.
  So I met you after you were.
.
.
  It's just bad impressions.
  So I met you after you were like a reformed, you're like a reformed party boy.
  Would you say that?  As I'm wearing a Hawaiian shirt and cargo shorts and Tom's.
  Or more mature party boy, maybe?  You've matured into a party boy.
  You pick your spots to be a party boy.
  Yeah.
  But I think party boy might have been a description that I've been referred to as.
  Okay, sure.
  Sure.
  Right.
  But you know, you pointing at things and making them happen has only led to good.
  Oh, that's another one.
  I think on your bachelor party, I think you.
.
.
  I work a lot with you, Nick, and you have this guy Clint, part of Team Tiger Awesome,  directs you on a lot of things too.
  And I think you pointed at both of us and then squished us together and said, you two,  be one person.
  You are one now.
  That's a moment that occurred.
  Yeah, this is all true.
  These are all true accounts of things that have happened.
  I'm sorry that one we couldn't make happen.
  We talked about it and we couldn't figure out how to actually fuse.
  But we discussed logistics and tried to make it occur.
  This all sounds very, very accurate.
  No, I just thought like, look, you guys have this interesting love affair of theme parks.
  And it's helped me because I had my nieces in town a couple of months ago and Carlson  made.
.
.
  We got everything done in 12, 14 hours.
  No, 14 hours.
  Yeah.
  Because of the pass that.
.
.
  The MaxPass.
  And then as soon as I was like, the MaxPass is great, Carlson was like, Scott doesn't  like it.
  It started causing controversy.
  Scott doesn't like the MaxPass.
  Well, let's keep relitigating everything that's ever happened.
  But it was great.
  I'm pro MaxPass.
  We talked about this.
  I'm not anti MaxPass.
  I glaze over when logistics and lines and gaming the system is tied about.
  I get the shit out of the system.
  No, it was like.
.
.
  It makes a world of sense to do.
  There'd be no reason to not do MaxPass unless of course you're just going to the park to  drink white wine and go on one ride and then leave.
  No, yeah.
  No, I wasn't doing that.
  No, but Carlson almost hacked the planet and I looked like a hero in front of my nieces.
  We're going on this again?  Yeah.
  You're not the only one also who has.
.
.
  There are people on Twitter for sure have.
.
.
  I think you have exposed people to this MaxPass situation who are listening to the show.
  Well, that's good.
  So you've done a world of good.
  No, it's one of those things where I thought it was really interesting.
  You guys go to.
.
.
  It's like you guys go to Disneyland like I would go to islands.
  Even more than you guys would go to islands.
  We also go to islands though too.
  And I was like, well, you guys should do it and then maybe it'll distract you from you  complaining about Last Jedi and Scott complaining about people on Deadline getting jobs.
  This was before.
.
.
  Oh no.
  Sorry.
  That was meaner.
  I'm happy for every single person on Deadline.
com.
  I would watch that.
  There's some negative stories on there too, Scott.
  If you're hired or fired, I'm pro everyone.
  I'm just glad to see you up there.
  I really love that Chase dude from Lethal Weapon, the TV show got fired.
  Oh, that's right.
  Good luck.
  You're free now, Chase.
  Oh yeah, but he got replaced by Sean William Scott.
  I'm happy to see that guy quite working again.
  That guy seems fun.
  If you don't know me, I'll just let you.
.
.
  A good way to know who I am, I'm very excited for Sean William Scott to join the Lethal  Weapon TV show.
  That's a step up.
  That's a very good step up.
  Well, that's nice.
  That's nice for him.
  No, and I thought you guys just podcast and it's successful and it's all to you.
  Well, it's all to Sheridan.
  Sure.
  I didn't know Sheridan at the time.
  They call me the funny one.
  I didn't know Sheridan at the time.
  That's my nickname.
  And then you guys are doing it.
  Yeah, we are.
  Hey, we're very thankful for this pointing out and demanding and we didn't end up on  the podcast network that you were talking about because it was important to us to be  on a podcast network that collapsed in three months.
  We were really, really specifically in the market for one that would be decimated and  absolved and that then that worked out well and here we are now and the cycle of life  continues.
  You're here.
  You're in Mike's apartment, even though there is no wrestling event, unless there is later  today.
  No, not this weekend.
  Not this weekend.
  We'll talk about it.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  There will be a post podcast.
  Do you want to use our equipment and record for your podcast?  We all need to help each other out.
  So we just wait for listeners.
  If you like our podcast, thank Nick Mundy for that.
  Give him a little thanks, you know, thank Dick Fundy.
  Wait, is your Twitter name is Dick Fundy?  Not in its attic fundy.
  It's not one is the name and one's the app.
  If you search your name, it'll come up right.
  That's what I think.
  So OK, I agree.
  Everyone think Nick.
  Yeah, give me a look for threatening.
  Everyone think like I don't know if this is like a podcast, the right inside joke where  thanking is like, fuck you.
  Yeah, yeah, thinking's inverse here.
  No, I was I'm that's you're right.
  It did was an odd delivery, but I do want that to happen.
  It sounded like a nice day on Twitter.
  Everybody Cheshire cat like, yes, thank you.
  I was sincere, though.
  I thank you guys for putting out such great content.
  Yay.
  Thanks for calling it content.
  Everyone's favorite word.
  Yeah.
  Well, I guess the content we're talking about today, if theme parks also count as  content is Astro World.
  Yes.
  Do you?  I'm not even going to call it a member of the six lights.
  It's yeah, I guess so.
  When it was when it was retired, when it was shut down, it was a member of the Six Flags  family.
  The wonderful world of fun.
  The tagline for Astro World.
  Oh, OK.
  I also saw ads that said it puts you in the middle of fun, which is kind of a lot.
  There was like fun town and funville.
  Yeah.
  I saw an ad that just said the middle of fun.
  And I'm like, what does that mean?  In the middle of fun makes a lot more sense to me.
  But I was just like, the middle of the middle of fun in Houston, Texas has always been six  ten and Kirby.
  Like that is the cross section for for fun.
  Yeah.
  That's a lot of Houston references.
  Yeah.
  We're getting a lot of Houston.
  Houston is not in the middle of the state geography wise.
  No, but no one.
  Everyone in Houston doesn't care about the rest of Texas.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  So it's a whole like it's a it should be like an island.
  Yeah.
  Like Houston Port City, correct?  Coming in and out.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Tell us a little about Houston.
  So I grew up there.
  I moved there when I was like three from Virginia, where my dad was a cop.
  But you know, it just had a great like normal suburban childhood.
  I lived just outside the city, grew up going to Astros games at the Astro World.
  No, grew up.
  I mean, Astro Dome.
  And then, you know, got older.
  I went to Astro games at Minamate Park, which was formerly Enron Field, which is a Houston  home of Enron.
  And the Astros themselves were once called Colt 45s, the Colt 45s.
  To not know that fact until this week.
  Yeah.
  Only two years in the 60s.
  That's on game with some of the stuff in this park.
  So in the 60s, that's when Houston had its first like big expansion and it was NASA,  it was a space city.
  And they built the eighth Wonder of the World Astro Dome, which is still standing, which  has just been sitting there for almost 20 years doing nothing.
  So weird.
  Has anything happened there?  It hasn't been used regularly since 1999.
  Wait, really?  So it's just a giant empty stadium?  Yeah.
  For a few years, there was like high school football games.
  Like my brother played a championship game there and WrestleMania 17, the greatest WrestleMania  was there, which I was there.
  In what year?  2001.
  And that might've been the last major event in the Astro Dome.
  And then it's just then for like 18 years, they've been just like, what are we going  to do with it?  And there's been like, do we tear it down?  No one wants to tear it down, but no one has anything to do with it.
  So they built a, they're turning into like, you know, shopping center, parking lot, apartment  complex, maybe, who knows?  It's a boring shit.
  I'll just see like on a random like Twitter post, like, hey, the new plan for the Astro  Dome, which is replacing the old plan, which is, you know, it's just every couple of days.
  And so across the street from the Astro Astro Dome was Astro World, which I think Rafe Hoffines  opened it up in like 68.
  Yeah.
  I look, I found it out about him.
  Mostly the father of Houston.
  Yeah.
  He was, he was a judge in Houston and the mayor at one point in time before all this, before  the sixties revival.
  But yeah, he became like a millionaire.
  Yeah.
  And he was responsible for, he helped, he was instrumental in starting the Astros themselves,  the Astro Dome, Astro Turf first used it Astro, the Astro Dome.
  Oh, is that where that comes from?  That term comes from?  Yeah.
  I didn't realize that.
  The Astro Dome, when it was, you guys would have loved the Astro Dome.
  Yeah, I bet.
  Like rainbow seats, air conditioning.
  That's it.
  Cool fogs.
  You had me at the rainbow.
  Yeah, you had me at air conditioning.
  Cigarette, neon ads, you know.
  Oh man.
  What's the, what's the scoreboard that people were fond of?  Oh, the big, yeah, the scoreboard was, it was this led light, you know, big ass light,  this black and white scoreboard that just like had Texas, like Cowboys shooting every time  like the Oilers or the Astros would score.
  That's fun.
  Maybe an early electronic scoreboard.
  Yeah, no, it was like one of the highest tech in like 1964 or five.
  Yeah.
  But no, the Astro Dome was huge.
  I mean, that was one of the most iconic, you know, symbols of Houston.
  Now it's dwarfed by the giant football stadium next to it.
  And then Minamate Park is downtown Houston.
  They just stack all this stuff kind of next to each other.
  The Astro Dome is, the football stadium, which I think is NRG stadium now, is right next  to the Astro Dome.
  Okay.
  And then which I was, when I was in college in downtown Houston, I watched it built.
  Oh really?  And then Minamate Park is in like what's called downtown Houston.
  Okay, sure.
  This is similar in Philadelphia, where the 76ers play is next to the football stadium,  where the Eagles play is next to Citizens Bank Park, where the Phillies play.
  And it's all just kind of in one traffic jammed area in South Philadelphia.
  Though it's nice when all this can be the case, when they can actually design kind of  a consolidated area as opposed to.
  Yeah, it helps with like giant parking lots next to each other and like.
  Well, don't spoil the end of Astro World.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh no.
  Well, sure.
  I mean, that comes into play.
  It's crazy because I didn't realize that the Astro Dome sat vacant for so long.
  Yeah.
  But that just adds on to the quagmire that is at the end of this story.
  It's very confusing and I never, in my research, I did not really do a lot of digging about  why the Astro World went away.
  And it seems like very just mundane, it didn't flame out in a super fun way like hard right  now.
  Do we want to save it for later?  I guess save it for I guess we'll just leave that as a nice talk about the glory days first.
  Is it true also that this whole zone was referred to as the Astro Domain?  Yeah, I believe so.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Because I like that name.
  The name of like a book about everything I came across.
  There was also the Astro Arena where like smaller bands would play and it would also  be like rodeo overflow.
  Oh, sure.
  Because the rodeo is a huge part of.
  Did Houston Livestock and Rodeo show play a lot into the story?  Oh yeah, no, it's like that in February, Houston is all about the rodeo.
  Did you go?  I went once to see Earth, Wind and Fire.
  Okay, nice.
  I did not.
  I love Houston.
  It's great.
  It's my home.
  I did not get the rodeo, but the rodeo was a big, big deal.
  The coolest thing I ever saw at the rodeo was this was I think I was in like fifth or sixth  grade.
  I was with my parents and my brother and we were like saw Suburban and my dad was like  thinking about getting a Suburban.
  So we were looking in it and had a Super Nintendo built into it, which I thought was the coolest  thing in the world in 1992.
  And then I just, that's all I talked about when my dad like, yeah, I'm going to get a  new car.
  My dad's from Long Island.
  So it's a, are you getting the Super Nintendo car?  He didn't get those.
  He did not get the Super Nintendo.
  Why don't those exist today?  So childhood was terrible.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, that sucks.
  But everyone's going to go to Astroworld.
  Yeah.
  So how often would you go?  I didn't go a ton when I was a kid because we lived in North Houston and that area of  town was not great.
  Downtown Houston in the nineties, early nineties, the crime wasn't good.
  It wasn't good crime.
  You know, well like it was a, there used to be the show that I watched as a kid when I  wasn't watching Disney movies.
  It was on the Fox affiliate and at nine 30, the show would be called city under siege  and it was just all about the Fox affiliate.
  That doesn't sound like them at all.
  But it was like every single like murder, rape, arson, she's for half an hour show,  five nights a week.
  And it was like, I was like, this is a war zone.
  So like we didn't go a lot and my parents weren't big like amusement park people, but  from like junior high to a couple of years in high school, I ended up going to a whole  bunch.
  But yeah.
  But they also had Waterworld, which is the sister park to Astroworld.
  So I went back a few times until Splashtown open, which is now, which then became a part  of Six Flags.
  So it's all very confusing.
  Where's then where, wait, where geographically are Waterworld and Splashtown?  Waterworld was right next to Astroworld.
  And then eventually, like the last few years of Astroworld's run, one ticket got you into  both.
  Before it was like a separate ticket thing, like Hurricane Harbor.
  So but this falls into the line of like Six Flags.
  Six Flags buys up parks sometimes or has a history of buying up pre-built parks.
  I think this was the first one that they bought that they didn't.
  Yes, because I actually didn't realize that Astroworld was a Six Flags park until like  19 the mid 90s when Warner Brothers bought Six Flags and they started integrating all  the Looney Tunes bullshit.
  Oh, because there was there weren't a lot of signifiers of Six Flags.
  I guess.
  Yeah, no, like I thought like I remember getting to a fight with kids like, yeah, what's the  Six Flags like in Dallas?  It was like, yeah, Astroworld is better than that one.
  Idiot.
  This is like and not realizing that they were both Six Flags.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Is that one Six Flags over Texas?  Yes.
  Which is the original one.
  And I learned I feel like I learned this in the past, but I had forgotten about the name  Six Flags refers to the flags of the six nations that once governed Texas, Spain, France, Mexico,  the Republic of Texas, the United States of America and the Confederate States of America.
  Is that one of them?  That's one of the Six Flags.
  One of the great Six Flags.
  One of the great.
  Leave the flag up.
  It's part of history.
  So it should be five flags, really.
  Eventually, they just probably just put up the D.
C.
 logo on a flag and that became the  Six Flags.
  OK, so they just said the other flag was a different thing.
  I don't know.
  Well, Six Flags over Texas, which I'm sure I know we had talked about doing an episode  about that one too, that did have an area like a land called the Old South.
  This is why Dallas is trash and he's most great.
  Was there a rivalry?  Like would you mean?  Would you meet Dallas kids and be like, hey, get out of our get out of our town?  No, it wasn't that.
  But it was like, you know, you would talk shit about the Rangers or the Mavericks or  the Cowboys.
  Do you feel this tension?  We have a lot of mutual friends from Dallas.
  Do you like do you sort of hold them at bay because they're Dallas people ultimately?  Not as human beings, but for sports teams, they like.
  OK, it's more they're more their parents.
  You put the blame on.
  They managed to raise decent, better tax mechs.
  You know, worse weather.
  Better theme park.
  Do we do you have any idea?  You've been to Six Flags ever, Texas?  I did once.
  Yeah.
  Have you been to Texas?  I never went to Fiesta, Texas.
  And again, my parents weren't big like amusement park people.
  Granted, we did go to Disney World.
  I went to Disney World in Florida twice before I ever went to Six Flags in Houston.
  Oh, interesting.
  Oh, sure.
  I mean, it is much more of like it's a whole thing.
  It's a family vacation.
  Exactly.
  And you're like one exhausting day on the other side.
  You'll be appreciated.
  It was three days we went to Disney.
  Well, you know, what year was it?  How many parks were there?  They had all three the second time.
  Like OK, because now three parks, I would have said actually the optimum time is probably  five days to go because there's so many hotels and different things and water parks.
  Call my dad right now.
  I'll talk to him.
  Put him on the phone.
  You gave you gave Nick a bad childhood.
  You gave your son a bad childhood, denying him the correct amount of days to vacation.
  Then he just punches you through the phone.
  That's his actual fist come through.
  Did you as a kid, did you like Disney like the same like how were you when you would  compare the theme parks?  Obviously, Disney has much more money and theming.
  But did you give a shit about that?  Were you into like the thrill rides?  Did you like the dark rides?  Like what was your overall feeling about that?  Disney was like an experience like so.
  And I went when I was a little younger, I was like in kindergarten and not even maybe  when I was like five and like ten.
  So Disney was like an experience and it was cool.
  And I could take like magazine pictures of like in a pro wrestling illustrated.
  Oh, do you have that?  Somewhere in my parents house.
  Oh, they got to find that.
  That's great.
  So I was able to take that and that was like my big that was my big thing.
  So yeah, no, I loved MGM at Disney.
  And then when I went to when I started going to Astro World more regularly, like in junior  high, outside of getting like a Florida Marlins, Tasmania, Devil, Bugs Bunny shirt, because  those were all over the place.
  That was a big deal.
  All I just wanted.
  I just cared about the roller coasters.
  Right.
  Sure.
  I didn't understand the point of ride like anything else, but no, just roller coasters.
  You want to get this real thrill, baby.
  Yeah, because I mean, Six Flags also like Astro World had this like.
  There was a lot of reports of people dying or getting hurt.
  Really?  I didn't come across that.
  I remember seeing in the news, not Cindy Under Siege, but you know, theme park under siege.
  Fun crime.
  I wonder if they covered it all up or those were just rumors you were hearing like, oh  my God, did you hear about what happened?  No, well, I just remember and like I'm sure we'll get into the rides, but like the Texas  Cyclone just seemed the most like dangerous ride I've ever like been on.
  The Texas Cyclone, kind of a copy of the original Coney Island Cyclone.
  They considered moving the Coney Island Cyclone to Texas.
  They not because that was would be incredibly expensive.
  It's apparently very expensive and very cumbersome to relocate wooden roller coasters.
  Well, here's the thing about wooden roller coasters built in the 60s.
  Houston is a very humid place.
  Yeah.
  And there's a lot of rain and I don't know if you heard, but maybe some hurricanes and  wood when it's wet tends to, you know, rot and break and shake and contract and expand.
  And this park has flooded before it flooded before it opened.
  They were halfway through building it and there was a flood and they had to like push  the opening back a little.
  So yes, the dumbest idea possible for a roller coaster.
  It was fun.
  Yeah.
  The fun was it wasn't even that much of an exciting roller coaster.
  It was exciting because you just might die.
  Mm hmm.
  Mm hmm.
  Like you could just like get in line and the whole thing's like the line was exciting because  you feel like you're creaking and cracking.
  Oh, that itself is like like old creaky wood to you.
  Were you ever scared?  Like in case you didn't know, the three of us were except for Jason, like a little scared  of these high impact rides.
  Maybe still.
  Were you a kid that was like scared or were you just like, hell yeah, going on the roller  coasters, like what was your because I would be freaking out if I was a kid and like I  was 13.
  First time I went, I was scared.
  I never really went on like a roller coaster outside of like Disney, which are like a little  milder.
  Yeah, that's what that's a way to put it.
  The thing about Astro World and Six Flags, these things are dangerous.
  So the first time I went on Xelorate, Xelorate, XLR8 is how the titles are written.
  It's straight, circle.
  I don't know the technical terms.
  It does a loop.
  It's one of those.
  It's like it's it's one straight away.
  Does a loop goes goes up and returns.
  No, that's Greece Lightning.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  We'll get to that in a minute.
  OK, great.
  XLR8 is just a four person pod.
  It goes straight, but the whole time it's twisting and turning.
  Oh, XLR8 is the that's so that's a hanging coaster.
  It's not even that, too.
  That's the Batman ride.
  No, the Batman ride is the stand up coaster.
  You're getting these mixed up.
  The Batman ride is the stand up one.
  The twister.
  Yes.
  He's the one that twists.
  Oh man, Jason owns your ass.
  No, that's what I was trying to say.
  I don't know the technical words.
  But the XLR8.
  You were being nice to him and not goofing on him and it came back to bite you.
  He turned on you.
  I'm not talking about how much money he had.
  I'm just trying to cut down on the tweets we're going to get.
  Hey, fans of the podcast, the ride.
  I don't know any of the technical terms.
  I said do the show so I can learn.
  But thank Nick anyway, thank you.
  The show.
  He doesn't owe you anything more than that.
  Yeah, thank you.
  The worst guests on your show.
  Creed.
  XLR8 was a suspended coaster.
  So which I believe is similar to the I think like the Big Bad Wolf in Busch Gardens Williamsburg.
  And this I think was one of the first successful suspended roller coasters.
  It succeeded in the wake of the Bats, which did not work out before Kings Island.
  It seemed also, again, very dangerous.
  And that was part of the appeal with Astral World because it was like a four person seat  cart that would it would go straight, but it would be like turning 360s like in it and  then doing loops.
  And it would be it would be insane.
  And I was scared with that.
  And then when I got off, I was like, I almost threw up.
  But then I was like, fuck it.
  Let's go again.
  I'm in sixth grade.
  And interestingly, if you look up the term suspended roller coaster on Wikipedia, there's  a list of a partial list of suspended roller coasters.
  And most of the status is listed as closed.
  Yeah, it didn't feel like, OK, so you do Texas Cyclone.
  This thing feels like it's going to fall apart.
  And then you do XLR8.
  And it feels like this was designed by the roller coaster game that came with like my  CD-ROM drive.
  You mean roller coaster type?  Yes, like you like where you could just build a roller coaster and you could shoot the car  right off the track.
  And then that's why they land and blow up.
  There was no good reason for this.
  And then as Scott mentioned, there was Greased Lightning.
  This was the trilogy of Astral World rides.
  And Greased Lightning was just a roller coaster that went straight as fast as it possibly could.
  The fastest roller coaster I've ever been on.
  It did a loop.
  It went up to the top and then reversed it, causing everyone to get severe whiplash.
  Just banging it back into the seat.
  You could not not be sore doing Greased Lightning.
  It would hurt.
  It would just hurt because it didn't even have like I don't even remember having the  shoulder harness.
  It just had the seat belt.
  Right.
  And maybe but and then it just went as fast as could, stopped on a dime and then pushed  you back, stopped on a dime.
  The ride.
  That's it.
  My just here title.
  All it was was to make it hurt.
  I went out and there was I forget what it's called there.
  There's a version, an old tiny version of this at knots that I went on when we were  there a couple of years ago.
  Is that called?  It was once called Montezuma's Revenge.
  I think that was right.
  And it's not as big as this thing.
  This thing is insane and it's tall and this is barely the size of it.
  And it just wrecked my neck because you got whiplash when the thing zooms up and then  zooms down again.
  It's crazy.
  Astro World is the only theme park I've ever gone to where you would get sore every time  you went.
  And like sixth grader was sore.
  Yeah, no, like you're not an old football and rugby.
  Yeah, like, you know, this is what I was like in shape and had pliability.
  You know, ice down after a trip to Astro World.
  Yeah, no, but I was a kid where I was just like, I have all these fluid like motions  and then like, no, just just wrecked wrecked.
  I didn't go chiropractor.
  Going to that Brock Lesnar ice bath.
  Yeah, no, it was.
  And so like Grease Lightning was again, because I was a stupid kid, was like, yeah, this is  awesome.
  Faster.
  Was that your favorite?  Yes.
  OK, that one is the one you described as being the most painful, I feel like.
  And that was your favorite.
  That's Young Monday.
  That's Party Boy Monday.
  Yeah.
  There's a lot of very funny coasters here, like the one called Serial Thriller.
  Play on the word serial killer.
  That has a film canister, a giant film canister at the entrance.
  So I don't know what the theme on that one is.
  I think that one was just one side to side a lot and then just yeah, just try to hurt  you.
  And then, of course, there was Dexter Freebush's electric roller ride, which was eventually  changed to Excalibur.
  That is just a very funny thing of its times.
  Like that seems like a very funny 70s.
  And the font is very Americana by Centennial, old timey, which I love that.
  I feel like Six Flags had a lot of that vibe in the 70s before the vibe of Six Flags became  bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam bam  rock and roll Batman.
  Oh, and the dancing old man.
  And then the Batman ride was called Batman the Escape and it was a stand up coaster,  but the naming Six Flags has very weird naming.
  Stuff will be called one thing at one park, one would be called another thing like at  Great Adventure in Jersey.
  There was Batman the Ride.
  But then at another park, there was Superman the Escape.
  This was Batman the Escape and the name Viper was used for any and all sorts of style coasters.
  You watch all of them, it tells one shared universe.
  That was the first shared universe.
  Well, I yeah, if only in the shared that shared universe was called Tim Burton, Batman.
  So the Batman the Ride was like the first like in the 90s and this is in the full on  WB integration was like, guys, guess what's coming to Six Flags?  Batman the fucking ride.
  And then Motorhead was playing and it was like, this isn't just any other roller coaster.
  This roller coaster, you're going to fucking stand.
  Like it was like, and we were all like, standing in a fucking roller coaster.
  But Marvel's have you dreamt up Six Flags Astroworld?  This is great.
  It was like, just bring two cans of Coke and you're going to get in free on Wednesdays.
  The scientists were as mad as Dr.
 Edward Nigma himself.
  But no, they made they pumped that.
  I remember it was a constant ad campaign.
  Right.
  About the stand up roller coaster.
  Yeah, that that it became kind of the reputation of this part is that like this is where a  lot of prototypes like this.
  It's like a skyscraper, one of the first stand up coasters or one of the first suspended  coasters or one of the first tubular.
  But whatever the first rapids ride, I believe the first rapids ride.
  Yeah, that's right.
  River.
  If it wasn't for Astroworld, Disney wouldn't have bad versions of them.
  Disney is not great at rapids rides, which gardens Six Flags pretty good at rapids ride  or Universal Studios, which has no rides at all.
  Oh, the Popeye Rapids is great.
  Is really good in Orlando.
  Actually, that is a superior.
  That's like one of the only truly themed rapids experiences with animatronics and stuff.
  There's supposedly a good rapids ride in Shanghai.
  There's a big giant robot on that.
  Oh, and the the there's a rapid version of anything in Singapore of the Jurassic Park.
  Right.
  It's a rapid.
  It's a rapid.
  Shoot, shoot, shoot.
  Batman ride.
  Where would you all expect?  What area of the park would you all expect a Batman ride to be it?  Who I would like a Gotham City part?  Sure, maybe.
  Mm hmm.
  Is the or not metropolis, but just some like, you know, the big city or something.
  Wasn't it wasn't like the old England town?  It's in the European village, including the Batcave.
  The Batcave located in a mountain in the European village because they were repurposing the Alpine  Sleigh Ride Mountain for like you walk through the Batcave to get on this ride.
  But it's very funny to me.
  It's finding an old map saying like hidden inside of a mountain is the famous Batcave  in the European village section of the park.
  Well, you got to realize about Houston.
  There's a lot of new money there because of oil.
  So they just consider like, you know, Bruce Wayne old money is like, you know, from the  call from like the old country.
  I'll allow that.
  And as you told us, there is you told me there's no zoning laws in Houston.
  Houston has no zoning laws, which we'll get into because there are just insane pictures  of like.
  Like like porn shops next to churches and roller coasters behind houses.
  Wow.
  You could open up a Chili's in the middle of a neighborhood.
  In a street.
  Yeah.
  Blocking a road.
  Have you tried that?  No.
  To franchise the Chili's in a neighborhood?  No, I haven't yet.
  But maybe that's maybe we all quit show business and just go down and start opening up chain  restaurants in the middle of a subdivision.
  We can do that.
  And then they would go in a like.
  So just take a house.
  It doesn't even have to look like a Chili's.
  You just put Chili's on like the mailbox like and then have people come in.
  No.
  Oh, shit.
  And then where we opened up streets where it's like the equivalent of having a house  in the middle of sunset.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  It seemed like it was a literal up situation where an old Shambley charming little house  is next to a towering hospital or whatever.
  Yep.
  It's very strange.
  So this is like on point then that it's like the Batcave is dropped smack in the middle.
  Yeah, it makes sense.
  I don't think there was.
  There was no American superhero is dropped smack in the middle of an old.
  I don't recall there being a lot of themes like, you know, there wasn't like European  town or like, you know, Cowboyville.
  Even though they technically named areas these words, they were not committed to.
  It was like three posters.
  It was like it was like it was like decorating for a one year old's birthday.
  It's like, yeah, we'll try.
  But it's not that they're not going to notice.
  You're telling me in the middle of Texas, an area called the Oriental Village is not  the most immersive theming experience you've ever seen.
  He's not.
  He is.
  I'm not.
  He's just staring at you.
  Look, product of the time.
  You can't said that we cannot force our guests to the godfather of the podcast to explain  the errors of Oriental Village.
  I speak for all.
  This is also where you know, this is a park that has.
  This abandoned amusement park, Americana Square, USA and Western Junction, which is not the  best planning for the map.
  I think I'm furious about Oriental Village and I say this park should be torn down.
  Well, Houston has a huge Asian population, Asian American population.
  So I'm sure it was changed in 2003 right before it closed.
  Yes, they did it with like a month to go.
  You know, I remember no one being impressed with the Batman ride, even though you could  fucking stand.
  So what is your memory of going on that for the first time?  It was too safe.
  Really?  Because it was made with like new technology like metal.
  It was made in the 90s, not the weird creaky 60s.
  You had like a thing going over your chest.
  You know, it was just what is this?  So you were like kind of like, ah, that was a let down.
  Yeah, big time.
  And it was shorter, too.
  Like I feel like more modern roller coasters, I guess, to pump people out.
  I don't know the economics of it.
  It might be pumping people out, it also might be like they figured out that you shouldn't  have like head trauma for more than a minute and a half at a time.
  You know, like Texas Cyclone was like five minutes long.
  Yeah, like your brain shouldn't be jostled around that long.
  Sure.
  Like that's not good for it.
  That's what you're used to.
  Yes.
  Yeah, you were getting jostled over and over again.
  But no, I was used to going and getting CTE from a roller coaster.
  And like they also had the first like, I don't know what they're called, but like it was  called Skyscreamer where all of these names just sound like like rated are like Decepticons.
  Is that the one you ended on your back?  Like it was a drop and it was like an L shape.
  So you at the end, you're like on your what are those rides called like the Guardians  drop?  It's usually like dropped a drop rides.
  Yeah.
  So this drop ride, instead of having like breaks at the end, we were like, no, we can't  we can't stop that speed.
  It goes straight and then slides down so you get off from your back.
  Oh, like a water slide.
  Yeah, kind of.
  Yeah.
  Weird.
  And it also had dungeon drop.
  Do you remember Dungeon Drop?  That was a different way that they would pull you to the top and you would just kind of  bounce down.
  But it seemed like a castle line that you would go through.
  That one was again, drop as fast, break instantly.
  Like neck trauma.
  Drop down.
  Neck trauma.
  And you love this.
  It was great.
  Yeah.
  Is there, do you have neck issues today from this or from your athletic career or from  anything?  How's the neck, Nick?  I was fine before.
  One time I had a stinger in rugby.
  A stinger is where you jam your neck, like you compress your bones in your neck and shoulder.
  And you couldn't like not feel your arms.
  Yeah, and I lost like I was paralyzed for a second in the middle of a scrum.
  I was fine.
  But the next day at breakfast with my girlfriend of the time, I couldn't keep my head up.
  Geez.
  You just.
  And then since then, it cracks.
  So still there is a little something.
  Yeah, but it doesn't hurt.
  But it just cracks.
  Isn't it possible that Six Flags somehow wore you down, made you more susceptible?  Or just toughen me up for this for this modern day world.
  After the stinger, how soon did you go to Astroworld?  The next day.
  Maybe like a couple of weeks, actually, because the season that was ending.
  Yeah.
  Well, you got to go.
  The doctors say no Astroworld for you for a month.
  Oh, you're going to Astroworld.
  No way, man.
  Yeah.
  What did Dr.
 James Andrews?  That's a wrestling joke.
  It's a wrestling joke.
  I don't know how it's been crossed over.
  That is how I learned what a stinger was.
  Edge got a stinger, I think, in like 1999.
  Yeah, I'm going to have to have a neck fusion one day.
  And yeah, you're going to have to have the vertebrae.
  I do remember in high school after a wrestling knee injury, I broke my knee and I went on  Six Flags and I had a leg brace and crutches and they were like, you probably can't go  on the ride.
  I was like, yeah.
  Interesting theory.
  See it.
  See it in the back end.
  You could do all of them.
  Mostly.
  I could do Accelerate because my brace wouldn't fit in.
  So did you try to get on the ride and they just like, you're trying to jam your knee  with a brace on to it?  That's funny.
  Could I get a handicapped shoulder restraint, please?  Wearing Snap-on Adidas pants and a Ken Shamrock shirt.
  Do you have a photo of this Ken Shamrock shirt?  Maybe.
  In my parents house.
  At least you at Astroworld with the Ken Shamrock shirt on.
  How did you sustain, how did your body hold up at the water parks?  Any difficulties there?  Well, I was a chubby kid so just, you know, that.
  Just having to be shirtless was an injury.
  Just societal shame.
  But also then it was like, fuck it.
  Sure.
  Yeah, you're at a water park.
  I put on a Hawaiian shirt on and I would be fine.
  But did you get the shit kicked out of you there like you did at Astroworld?  Yeah, there was a couple of, yeah, no, there was one called Shotgun Falls.
  Where it was just a short roller coaster and it was just the most amount of water pressure  in a water slide ever in a concentrated area that would just shoot you down into the water.
  Where all the Texas water slides named after guns?  The six shooter fly.
  There was Screamicles, but that was Splashtown.
  I went to Splashtown a lot more.
  I used to have the Season Pass at Splashtown.
  Oh, okay.
  But Waterworld was a treat.
  I remember they had a hand, like the hand glider thing.
  I thought you were going to say hand grenade.
  They just gave you hand grenades.
  I remember doing the hand glider thing and I went down it and I kind of like trying to  jump off it more and my ankle hit cement.
  I was like, that's not great.
  Jesus.
  And then they had a lot of tube rides.
  So what me and my friends would like to do is those tube rides, a lot of the parts of  the slide would be covered to prevent death.
  So what we did was we got out of the tubes, stopped the slide, got out of the tubes and  then climbed and hung out for like an hour or two on the slide when people would go under  us.
  Wow.
  And we would just like scream stuff.
  Wait, nobody stopped you from being there?  Well, they couldn't get up to the slide.
  So were like employees yelling at you to get down?  Sometimes they didn't care.
  Younger than you, barely getting paid more than you.
  Why is this place still not around?  No, so we'd just be hanging out doing like, you know, yelling stuff.
  Just like banging on it like it's a cage.
  Well, yeah, because we'd be above them.
  We'd be like, give me a dollar.
  Let me ask you this.
  When you're like around 15 and 16, would you guys ever, were you into drinking yet or?  This was all junior high.
  Oh, this is okay.
  Gotcha.
  So this was like 12 to 14.
  I don't, high school, I didn't go to water parks because you even knew like if you're  older than like 12, it's weird for anyone to be at a water park.
  I don't know that that's an aphorism we say.
  We went to Noah's Ark when we were 18 after we graduated high school.
  Oh, a big water park up in the Wisconsin Dells, of course.
  Themed after the great man Noah.
  We put two of each animal on an ark.
  Wow.
  The Lord told him to.
  So we don't have to talk about that now.
  Well, it's always a good time to talk about the good book.
  The truth of the Bible.
  Yes.
  I can't wait to have kids and then go to a water park looking like me and just apologizing  to everyone.
  Like I'm so sorry for what I did in junior high.
  I'm fine.
  Don't worry about me.
  They came with kids.
  Hey, knock off that horseplay.
  They had this one ride.
  I remember doing it when I was like 10 where you had to carry like a 50 pound raft.
  Oh, right.
  Cause yeah, there's still those rides where you would walk up like six flights of stairs  with the raft.
  And I could handle it, but then like I remember like, well, why don't I surf down this?  And then I slipped off that.
  Oh no.
  And you just landed on the slide and like slowly fell down.
  I was like, sorry, sorry.
  This is like a, like a highlight, like a jackass highlight reel you're describing now.
  A little bit.
  That's what it was.
  What is this?  The plot of the new movie Action Point?  Shut up, Sheridan.
  I knew you'd come around two hours with us.
  You'd be bullying everybody.
  Yeah, you have to.
  I remember one time we went to Astroworld and we won like 60 basketballs, like college  basketballs.
  How?  60?  Well, like, until they gave them to you?  No, like it was like, if you like made the hoop, like, you know, if you shot the basket,  like you physically constructed the hoop.
  No, you got 50 cents or a dollar.
  You get three shots.
  If you hit two of them, you get a basketball.
  So we hit a shit ton of them.
  Who's we?  How big of a gang you got?  It was, it wasn't like five dudes, four dudes, just buddies.
  And we got a shit ton of them, like 30.
  And we had two giant bags carrying around.
  We're like, well, this sucks.
  You stand like that was at the start of the day.
  Yeah.
  Would you throw them at things to like be mischief makers?  Not like throw them at people or things, but like roll them.
  You know, like, hey, you know, just like shoot them, throw them around, play dodgeball.
  I'm picturing this and I'm picturing me in the park at the same time.
  And I would have been like so nervous that these bad kids that are throwing basketballs  around.
  It was never like cruel stuff.
  It was just like chicanery.
  I'm more saying that this is the type of behavior that I think would make a few of us very uncomfortable  on our spectrum.
  Right.
  Rolling basketballs down.
  That's the scariest thing we've ever seen.
  You'd be like, oh my gosh, like I would like not like try to make eye contact.
  I kind of like hug like the side of the rail.
  I'm going to hide in the bathroom for 45 minutes.
  I likely would have been busier, you know, enjoying the modern marvels of engineering.
  The coasters that people worked really hard on and I wanted to get my money's worth and  ride all of them.
  You wouldn't let some rapscallions get you down.
  You might get pegged with a Michigan Wolverines basketball.
  You would be rolling the basketball and Jason be like, excuse me, sir, I'm trying to get  past you to go enjoy this modern marvel of machinery.
  Hey, eat ball, bitch.
  Right in the head.
  Broke the glasses.
  You would do it.
  50-50-50-50.
  That would happen.
  50-50-50.
  You would do it.
  You're downplaying.
  And it would, by the way, be justified if Jason had said that.
  Heck.
  If he said that specifically.
  But if I just saw you cowering behind like, you know, Tasmania double cut out.
  You would have pegged me with a basketball.
  No, I never threw it at anyone.
  It was just like nonsense for nonsense reasons.
  I don't believe, I believe you at least one time in your life have thrown a basketball  at a child's head.
  I think I have, like I'm a friend of mine.
  No, I've thrown it at other people, like a dad.
  And all dad?  Yeah, I remember like this neighbor, like this kid was, I think this kid was making  fun of me.
  And again, a husky fella, and he made fun of me and I may have pushed him down and his  dad was like, why'd you push my kid?  It was like, cause he's being a dick.
  That was like nine.
  Nine, really?  And he was like, well, you shouldn't say that language.
  He was like, well, you shouldn't have a fucking stupid son.
  You said that to him?  Yeah.
  Wow.
  It was at a baseball park.
  This is at Texas like, yeehaw, like Texas Ranger, like pew pew.
  And you threw a basketball at him then.
  The dad you said?  Yeah.
  After, so you said that?  No, no, no.
  I went up to him and I went like, I was like, are we gonna fight?  I think you're the hero of this story, but the way you're telling it makes you sound  like a villain.
  Did that happen?  I remember, this is just apropos of nothing, but in third grade, I played catcher all the  time.
  I was always the catcher and I was good.
  And my parents for my birthday, and it was the best birthday present I ever got, was  brand new catching equipment, not like the team, like staff infection.
  Recycled, yeah, reused.
  It was brand new maroon catching equipment and it was awesome.
  And so I was catching and the coach was like, hey, you got the whole thing.
  So did you get everything?  It was like, I just turned up to him and I was like, I got the whole goddamn thing.
  Because I'd watched major league nonstop as a kid, like every day I would watch major  league.
  And then that same game, the pitcher was struggling and it was for like a championship and we  had to get, we had to get an out, we had to get an out or, and the guy was really good.
  So I went up to the pitcher and I walked up to him and I was like, strike this motherfucker  out, which is from the major league.
  He did.
  And then he started crying and he told on me.
  Whoa, wow.
  Well, you're the hero of that story.
  You are never be him.
  Man, this is great.
  Like the, you know, I, you were watching these adult movies.
  They were informing your worldview at such a young age.
  And then like, I'm more all watching like beauty and the beast and you're saying mother  show and wondering how we would fall over Ottomans.
  Like you're, you're saying motherfucker and I'm playing baseball and I'm like humming  be our guest in like right field and like, yeah, but I was also a weird whimsy kid too.
  Like, you know, I watched like, you know, I would like write my own thundercats spec  scripts.
  Really?  Yeah.
  I mean, but they were bad.
  They weren't great.
  But no, like today you can make.
  I was a nerdy kid too though.
  So I was underrated nerdy too, but I love sports as well.
  Like I watched the X-Men cartoon.
  I watched Batman.
  Like I watched all the stuff, but I also liked sports and action movies.
  Well, let me ask to bring back to Astroworld.
  Were you there the summer?  I don't know how long it lasted.
  I would assume at least the summer, the police academy stunt show was there.
  Yes.
  So you saw this in 1994 ish Hollywood comes to Houston, according to this brochure for  the police academy stunt show.
  It's clear as day.
  That's how they advertised it.
  Yeah.
  Whoa.
  A few years after.
  When did the last police academy movie come out?  There was four.
  The police academy seven was around 93, 94, but police got me six.
  I think it was the big one in 1991.
  They got to seven.
  I think they got sort of quieter in their release and prominence as they went.
  So as to be honest, but as a big police academy fan, I was very excited.
  Were you like, did you have, were you under any illusion that it would be your favorite  stars from the film performing every day in the park for you?  Okay.
  So 1994 I was 13.
  So I was at least worldly enough to be like, look, these guys aren't doing much.
  They could show up.
  True.
  No gigantic careers were launched out of police academy.
  I was like, well, certainly, you know, certainly tackle Barry could show up.
  And if there was a character favorite, or who was your favorite police academy?  Bobcat Goldweight was my favorite.
  Okay.
  But he's not coming.
  He's not coming to Houston, even if Hollywood is.
  I really liked from the first one, the guy George, who pretended he was a Spanish guy,  but to trick women.
  Hmm.
  And that seems like there's a couple of problems in there.
  Yeah, no.
  And then looking back now, if I had to pick one, it's Sweet Chuck.
  But you're going to have to, I don't know.
  He's a small, nervous guy who's unassuming.
  Oh, great.
  Well, I like this character too.
  I really like him.
  Something about him sounds like fun.
  I watch his movies, but I do remember there was a short-lived animated show.
  Right.
  And like with action figures.
  That is my bearing for police academy.
  What occurred in the stunt show, do we know any specific?  It seems like there was some sort of go-kart going off the art.
  I found a website called themeparkbrochures.
net, which that was a big rabbit hole to go down.
  Here is, yeah, someone's on an ATV thing.
  There's a big strong guy.
  It looks like there's a pool of water.
  I bet your Thundercats drawings were better than this.
  No, I wrote them.
  This is from the era of when theme park maps had a very Where's Waldo, Sergio Aragonese  style Mad Magazine.
  This was a real trend.
  Oh, sorry.
  Go back to the stories where you yell at children.
  I didn't yell at children.
  I yelled at contemporaries.
  Look at this.
  You said horrible swear words to promising pitchers, setting them off.
  Did we win?  Yes.
  You scared him into submission.
  This is true.
  Now, do you want to hear my best Astro World story?  Absolutely.
  Where I have a world record holder?  Most basketballs thrown at the cast of the police academy.
  Or the Batman Forever stunt show.
  Oh yeah, we'll get into that.
  I believe that was there.
  Did you see that?  I did not see that one.
  I'll come, I'll loop around to that.
  What's your next thing?  So I didn't, I wasn't a churchy kid when I was growing up, but like they sometimes the  local church would rent out Astro World as one does for like a youth group thing where  there'd be like a bunch of churches and like it would they rent out the park on a Sunday  and it would be like youth group day.
  So the park would be like like two fifths full and it would be easy to go on lines and  all this stuff.
  But the trick was the catch was at five o'clock you had to go where they did the police  academy stunt show and have like a church service.
  Jesus!  In like a like a fake New York like plywood walls.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Did you get communion there?  Well no, because I was like nuts to that.
  I'm 11.
  I have free will.
  Yeah.
  This was my 95 thesis for like this is when I became, this was my protest against the  church.
  Astro World had a ride named Tidal Wave.
  Which you've seen them all before but I think this is one of the first ones again.
  I think it's one of the biggest ones.
  It's like what they, it's like the Jurassic, it's the big cart thing.
  Big drop water ride.
  Yeah and creates a big tidal wave of water.
  Bigger than a log flume.
  Yeah, it's like the dress.
  The bigger boat.
  Shoot the shoot they call that.
  Imagine the Jurassic world, the Jurassic Park ride at Universal Studios Los Angeles times  10.
  It's a big drop, it's like a couple stories.
  Very popular especially in areas that get very hot because you usually get drenched  on these sorts of things.
  Yeah and I was, I loved that ride even though I was a stupid kid.
  It was like well it's gonna ruin your trip because you're gonna be just covered in chlorine  of water and you're getting hollow lung but I was like I don't care.
  So I was like and this was January and I was wearing a hoodie and it was probably like,  yeah it was like five o'clock and it was cold and no one was on tidal wave.
  Just because they were all at church.
  So I was like, yep I'm doing this.
  And they were operating this ride in January.
  Yeah and some kid, like some 15 year old was like, yeah you wanna get on?  And I was like, yep.
  So I did it.
  Strapped in front in the row.
  It's only me and I proceeded to do it 14 times.
  Wow.
  One after the other, after the other, after the other and I was soaking wet.
  He was like.
  And you were alone all 14 times.
  By myself.
  Didn't ever got up.
  Wow.
  Just did the whole thing.
  And your pupils were just Game Boy green by the end.
  Light olive.
  Wow.
  That's funny you say it because I have a memory of like doing a Six Flags, being at Great  Adventure in like an off weekend in the fall and like we rode a roller coaster and really  liked and we pulled back into the station and they came over the allowed speaker and  just went, you guys wanna go again?  Because it was just so empty.
  There was no line and we rode it like three or four times.
  But not 14.
  14 times.
  Wow.
  Not 14.
  No.
  But you had no church to avoid.
  No I had no church to avoid.
  But it is fun when it is like fun to do a ride and like not get out of your seat.
  Oh yeah that's great.
  Once more.
  Once more old boy.
  Yeah no like the whole time and I was just like this the whole time.
  I was like you wanna do it again?  I was like yeah.
  And the whole and like every time it happened I would scream like yeah.
  Is there any argument, the most religious listener listening to this podcast is there  any argument that Nick was wrong to do like people sat through church at a police academy  theater instead of going on a ride 14 times?  Yeah technically you could have been baptized, you might have been bathed in the water by  doing that ride so many times.
  This was testing God.
  I like to think that there would be like a you know when you're in church there's a couple  moments where you're silent and you pray.
  I like to think they were a little silent and all of a sudden they heard.
  Okay.
  Funny you mentioned that.
  I read too much.
  Sorry.
  Funny you mentioned that.
  So I did it and after the 14th time he was like we gotta go.
  We have to shut down the ride because no one's using it.
  I was like well I'm using it.
  I was like yeah but still you're 11.
  Get out.
  I was like but hey man just know this you beat the record.
  Wow.
  Wow that's great.
  Well what do you know what it was before?  He said it was like 11 but you beat the record.
  Oh so you had a little bit of buffer room too if someone tried to challenge yours.
  Looking back he probably was lying.
  It's possible.
  There's no way to know though.
  He didn't have an official Guinness book with him.
  No he didn't have a notary.
  There was a post-it note a faded post-it note on the wall of his like little operating cube  that just said 11 and then they had to cross that out and change it to 14.
  You know what it's your record.
  You got it.
  That is a fun.
  That's a great.
  So well it's not over.
  So I was soaking wet like you just see a water trail following me and the youth group lady  the head of it who was like friends with my mom was like Nick where have you been?  I was like I was in church.
  I was next to like the Mahoney poster and she was like no you're not you're soaking wet.
  I was like how do you know?  It's from earlier.
  You were like you're writing the tidal wave right.
  I was like how do you know?  We heard you.
  It happened.
  Also there's a trail of water.
  I was like nah.
  I was there we talked about Jesus.
  Go down to the river to pray.
  And she was like so I got home and they were all mad at me and I had to sit by myself on  the bus mostly maybe because I was covered in chlorine water.
  Yeah that probably.
  So my parents were like hey how'd the thing go?  And I was like it was good a lot of fun and then like a half an hour later my mom got  a call and they were like Nick get down here.
  It was like did you skip church?  I was like yeah but I beat the record for tidal wave and they were like okay.
  This is a great story.
  That is great.
  They were like okay just don't be a dick about it.
  Don't lie to them just own it.
  If you had been to church you would have learned about humility.
  Don't go bragging about that record.
  I mean that is most of Jesus's teachings don't be a dick about it.
  They framed it that way I'd go.
  That's incredible.
  We've joked about your dad not raising you right for dumb reasons.
  He raised me right.
  It was evident he did from this tale.
  He weighed one thing against the other.
  They were great parents.
  They just you know.
  Yeah.
  Well it was weird.
  I grew up in Texas.
  I had two parents from Long Island in this Long Island liberal bubble in the middle of  Houston Texas.
  So I grew up like listening to Skinnerd and you know.
  Kiss.
  Listen.
  Well yeah and kiss but like also.
  Oh you.
  I used to listen.
  Enjoying progressive politics.
  Yeah.
  That's you today.
  And your parents are yeah because you don't get into it politically with them.
  My dad is they live across from a giant junior high and he puts a big Obama sign for every  election.
  That's fun.
  So I think we should start.
  That's the current one.
  Yeah that's kind of useless now.
  Maybe still.
  He really liked him.
  Yeah.
  Well hey remember when we had a decent president.
  Let's not get political.
  Okay.
  Let's not let's not ruin it.
  No no.
  That's how this podcast is about.
  You know you were talking about renting out Astroworld for a private event and we should  mention how the first Googling I did of Astroworld when we started talking about this topic  that very recently Six Flags Magic Mountain was rented out by Travis Scott who is a rap  guy and Kylie Jenner who is a name that I see in headlines from something called Just  Jared when I scan past them on Twitter as fast as possible.
  These people ran it out Six Flags Magic Mountain here in Los Angeles to turn it into Astroworld  just for a night for Travis Scott's birthday.
  He has.
  He has an album forthcoming maybe out by the time this comes out called Astroworld.
  So for one special night Astroworld was back here in Los Angeles.
  But you know.
  And I missed it.
  Yeah.
  I was gonna say Kanye West was invited.
  Nick Mundy was not invited.
  And with good reason.
  I guess they heard about it.
  I disagree.
  I think you have a record.
  They were the worst at throwing basketballs at everyone.
  With that oh the dream of Nick Mundy throwing basketballs at all these people.
  Or just climbing into the water slides and just hanging out.
  Hey.
  Give me a dollar Kanye.
  What's up?  Stop tweeting Kanye.
  You should have been invited as a prominent Houston public figure.
  That's crazy.
  You should have been able to be there.
  Or at least Mattress Mack.
  What's that?  Mattress Mack is the hero of Houston who opened up.
  He has this furniture store called Gallery Furniture who said like if you buy this furniture  and the Astros win you don't have to pay for it.
  And he's also the guy during hurricanes.
  He'll open his store and let people just sleep in all the beds.
  He's the greatest Houstonian ever.
  He kind of looks like Ernest meets Mr.
 Rogers.
  But he's just screaming in all the commercials.
  Look up any Mattress Mack commercial.
  He's the greatest Houstonian ever.
  Oh nice.
  Houstonian.
  Wow.
  So it'll never be you and it'll never be Travis Scott.
  It will always be Mattress Mack.
  Yes.
  I want to make a Mattress Mack movie.
  Oh yeah.
  That's a good idea actually.
  There hasn't been like a good movie about any of these crazy commercial dudes.
  I didn't see movies about all of them.
  Oh Mattress Mack.
  Mattress is free.
  Every single one of these guys.
  The Question Mark suit guy.
  Matthew what's his face?  Oh yeah.
  I'd love to hear the whole story of the Question Mark suit guy.
  The Empire Carpet Man.
  Yeah that too.
  Empire.
  Did you guys have Menards out here or were in Texas or was that only from Midwest?  There was a Menards man.
  It was like a hardware store and they you know they sold mulch.
  And he was like he'd like say save big money at Menards and he was a very like kindly old  man.
  Always like a local.
  I mean Empire is a little bit.
  Workbook Warehouse would be a great movie.
  Oh yeah yeah yeah.
  In the LA folks.
  But I don't want you know I've talked about the film The Founder.
  I don't want any like plot where you know the guys doing business chicanery and getting  corrupt.
  I want a story that starts with a nice guy with a dream and ends with a guy whose dream  came true and who helps hurricane victims.
  Yeah that's a match for smack.
  No drama.
  Yeah.
  Why do movies have to have drama?  Why can't they be just a bunch of nice stuff?  He used to promote a lot of the wrestling house shows.
  Really?  Yeah buy a couch get like a house ticket show for free.
  Did you ever do that?  I believe we did actually.
  You bought a couch so you could get wrestling tickets?  Yeah.
  No do you guys remember with Six Flags at least with Astroworld?  Like if you brought in Coke cans that were just.
  Yeah that is still a big promotional thing for them.
  I found a video on YouTube of like a bunch of old Astroworld commercials like strung  together and you could just see the evolution of Coke cans like from when they used to be  kind of squat where they're like bring a bring a recyclable 16 ounce glass Coke bottle bring  the bottle cap to like the introduction of Diet Coke to like the introduction.
  And now it's like bring a thin millennial targeting Diet Coke.
  With a wild.
  Blood orange can.
  I remember that Pepsi okay so as you guys probably know Astroworld and Six Flags was  a Coca-Cola distributed.
  Yep.
  Okay.
  But Pepsi set up a bunch of stands where you could do the Pepsi challenge and win license  to chill cards.
  Oh wow that's really smart.
  And did you do the Pepsi challenge?  And I was like this is gonna change everything.
  I got my first credit card and it didn't do dick.
  A license to chill card was a Pepsi oriented credit card.
  It was like a coupon card where if you scanned it at certain places like Blockbuster Music  Plus you would get a dollar off like a tape.
  Wow.
  So it looked like Van Halen's Right Now would play when you scanned it.
  So it looked like a credit card but it was just a discount it was a coupon.
  Yeah.
  Oh and the cool thing about Astroworld 2 was it pumped music out.
  That's what right now Van Halen's Right Now I was like yeah I remember being like they  played this nine times.
  I remember hearing live a bunch.
  Did you see concerts?  Because Astroworld also had a concert venue.
  No Astro Arena was.
  So I'm reading here the Southern Star Amphitheater.
  Do you know what that is?  Vanquish yes.
  So it seemed it was in the southeast corner of Astroworld I'm just looking from the Wikipedia  here in 1980.
  In the venue I think there were a lot of different performers that came there.
  This venue was frequented by performers including Jimmy Buffett and the Coral Reefer Band.
  Oh man early days.
  The early days Jimmy frequently playing Astroworld.
  He apparently is associated with every different theme park we ever go to.
  He's a regular at Church Street Station.
  He has his footprint over all these places.
  So I think this was before you were obviously going there.
  Yeah look man if back in the days when I went to Astroworld a lot if the music wasn't either  Kiss the offspring or Live I wasn't interested.
  A lot.
  It was in the mix.
  Oh yeah man Throwing Copper that was all 1994 was the best year of music ever.
  Did you throw at Copper?  Did you go to like a Lollapalooza or something?  No I went to BuzzFest.
  What was BuzzFest?  BuzzFest was like the bullshit alternative music of like 1998.
  Okay you mean like Matchbox 20 and stuff?  No it was worse.
  It was like I don't even remember a band.
  It was like like pre-Hoobe Stank bands.
  No but then the best show I ever went to was Skinnerd, Steve Miller, Survivor, Bad Company  and Styx.
  And this was by Astroworld?  No this was just.
  Oh you're just telling us about a concert you went to?  Well he asked me like what concert.
  This is you're making Jason furious here.
  Yeah well it was the first time I ever did acid so.
  What?  What?  What happened?  I was 15 I was at the show.
  We've never done drugs before.
  I was 15 at the show and I was like hey you want some?  And I was like yep and then I woke up in Freebird with a cape.
  Whoa really?  And that's all I remember.
  You were on the stage.
  You were singing it.
  I have found the lineups for BuzzFest if you're interested.
  Let's hear it.
  Look up BuzzFest 98.
  98 yeah.
  98.
  Here we go.
  No wait 96.
  96.
  96 okay.
  Here are the bands Gravity Kills which I believe they were on the Mortal Kombat soundtrack  if I'm correct.
  22 Brides.
  There's a band called Atticus Finch.
  Yeah that's the one.
  Yeah that's the one I remember.
  Yeah Atticus.
  Atticus Finch.
  Weird choice.
  Weird choice.
  Weird choice.
  There's a band called God Lives Under Water.
  There's a band called The Hunger.
  Lush.
  There's a band called Lush.
  Modern English.
  The Nixons.
  Modern Ink what?  Yeah the Nixons.
  Yep I remember that was a big draw.
  Poe.
  Too Much Joy and The Toadies.
  Oh I like this one.
  I know The Toadies.
  Sorry.
  But not Dexter Freebish.
  Right not the band Dexter.
  Not the band Dexter.
  And named after the rollercoaster.
  I remember having to pay older dudes $10 because I was like 15 but I looked like 12 to buy  me beer.
  Oh really?  For $5 beer.
  And how old were you again?  15 or 14.
  Wow.
  So you were making those transactions back then.
  Yeah.
  Man you were doing cool grown-up stuff in 14 and 15.
  Can I um.
  It would be another decade before I had a beer.
  It's against the rules.
  I'd like to use this to transition into you were talking about the cool soundtrack Mortal  Combat correct?  Yeah.
  Another film of the mid 90s with a cool soundtrack Batman Forever.
  Of course.
  And there was a Batman Forever stunt show as we mentioned and the stunt show among many  other I watched a video of the stunt show it seemed like a great one.
  I don't know if you went.
  I did it.
  It's fantastic.
  It's got a really good you know Houston actor pretending to be the Jim Carrey Riddler.
  But like and like amazing like inflatable sets that that Nigma brain stealing machine  is like not on this dock set and then it like explodes out of a box in an inflatable fashion.
  It's really cool.
  But one cool facet of the show is that they use the Batman Forever soundtrack which of  course has you too.
  Hold me kiss me.
  Hold me thrill me.
  Kiss me kill me.
  Yeah yeah.
  And and you know the obviously the famous song Kiss Me Rose and I just want to play.
  I feel like I'm going to debate that.
  I feel like kiss me kill me hold me thrill me was the bigger song at the time.
  Maybe.
  They were both like the two biggest songs of the.
  I think I can look this up and see what they charted.
  My music teacher we had this was a thing they would make us do we get like these music school  music magazines and he's like we're going to deconstruct a popular song and this month  it's Kiss From A Rose deconstruct like like talk about like here's the medley and here's  the bridge and here's the.
  And then he also did that with I Believe I Could Fly.
  Oh so and 90s soundtrack greats.
  Yeah there's all of these weird this is bringing up weird memories of like we taught we said  the Pepsi challenge we did a few days of science class in fourth grade doing the Pepsi challenge  and talking about how soda is made and the construct.
  We also that same teacher had us vote for the new color M&M like we would do all these  weird corporate tie in.
  Makes a lot of sense.
  He's the first influencer.
  Yeah I picked right I picked blue and we still love the blue M&M to this day.
  You caused it yourself.
  Did you debate to let the Trix rabbit have finally have the cereal in the class.
  I believe that was always my stance that if we just let these creatures have a bowl of  cereal or two they would calm the fuck down.
  Would you say the free market should have decided if Trix rabbit got its cereal.
  Pay for it rabbit.
  Interesting.
  So I just want to play really fast.
  This is from the beginning of the Batman forever.
  I don't want to get the name wrong because it's one of those good.
  The Batman forever water stunt spectacular water stunts.
  So at the beginning of the show the audience is settling in and they're giving a couple  safety warnings and they you can tell they want to kick off the show with a clip from  the Batman forever soundtrack but then they have more announcements they have to play.
  So it leads to this.
  Take a listen.
  Please assist those now entering the facility by sliding into the middle of your section  filling in every available seat.
  Thank you.
  Additionally the cast and crew of Batman would like to thank you.
  Did you catch that?  Bada bada.
  Bada bada.
  Wait hold on one minute seal.
  Stay in bay seal.
  I've looked up the chart positions and kiss from a rose is the bigger song.
  Don't be wrong it was a better song too.
  I just remember at the time MTV was playing the YouTube video more than.
  But maybe you just like to rock out a little harder with you too.
  No I liked seal because I knew this song could come in handy one day.
  What do you mean?  Kiss from Rose was played at your.
  I knew what sex was in eighth grade.
  Oh well I didn't.
  I wasn't sure.
  Wait did you use it for seduction purposes?  No but just I knew down the road.
  I will say that.
  When I was in college.
  This is a thing that I was kind of unearthed a few years ago because my girlfriend Lindsay  will often like talk about how I won't admit to like having crushes or anything that I  have like no like I try to like I don't know like wipe that part out of my memory or my  history but I will say I remember that the first time I ever really had like a crush  on an actress it was for sure Nicole Kidman from Batman Forever.
  That's a bit burned into my brain.
  Sure.
  Well you'll be able to hear Dr.
 Chase Meridian is in the snut show.
  It's not Nicole but.
  Oh okay.
  But as long as.
  She works as an avatar.
  I guess I am really more attracted to Chase than Nicole because Chase is a totally different  character.
  She's very smart.
  She's very smart.
  She's very learned.
  But she does love.
  She likes bad boys.
  Yes she loves bad boys.
  She loves the car because chicks dig the car and she's also loves like grabbing those rubber  muscles which is a thing she does in the movie.
  Oh she reaches up and yeah because this was this is the Batman.
  This is Schumacher Batman with the big old chests and big old cod pieces.
  Not the nipples yet.
  Not nips till Batman and Robin.
  Right.
  Can we all admit Val Kilmer is an underrated Batman?  I think so.
  I'd say so.
  Val Kilmer rules.
  Sure.
  I like Val Kilmer.
  I think he's the best Bruce Wayne there's ever been.
  Yeah.
  Because Clooney's distracting.
  Well no why would you even.
  We all know.
  Barely in it as Bruce Wayne.
  No.
  As the best Bruce Wayne.
  Okay wait no.
  As Keaton but never mind.
  But he's not bad is what you're saying and should be kept.
  It's also a movie that I like but is maybe not the best movie in the world so maybe the  material if he was in a movie with maybe some better dialogue he would have popped a little  bit more.
  Kiss Kiss Bang Bang.
  Sultan C.
 Sure.
  There's some 2000's stuff that he's great in.
  Oh MacGruber.
  Yeah.
  I this is you talk about the goofy movie Batman Forever is one of those.
  It might be horrible.
  I don't know but it's impossible for me to unravel it from how much I loved it when it  came out.
  I will never be able to totally remove my experience.
  McDonald's cups that I still have the glass McDonald's cups of the characters and like  every time there would be a Batman movie it would be Batman Summer Batman Fever.
  You know McDonald's and you feel like you were eating Batman.
  So that is your sacrament.
  That is your church.
  Oh yes.
  You're taking the host.
  Eating Batman.
  You're like a quarter pounder that had a little bat symbol on it or something.
  Had to eat it in because if you remove the sacrament from the McDonald's it's not Batman  anymore.
  It's just like the body of Christ.
  Take this gray meat.
  It is the body of Batman.
  This actually just reminded me of a weird story I remember growing up.
  My parents my mom was sick for a couple years in junior high.
  Like there was something they couldn't tell what's wrong she ended up going to Mayo Clinic.
  She was fine.
  She ended up being fine but they were doing a lot of testing and they're like they were  still kind of keeping me and my brother out of the dark and they're like hey we're gonna  go to a normal doctor's visit and which was weird that they said it that way.
  Why don't you guys go to the movies?  Why don't you go and then we're like okay cool.
  So we saw Batman Forever for like the fourth time and then my dad stopped by and he was  like look we're still at the doctors.
  Go to another movie.
  So we saw Apollo 13 and then we saw the Power Rangers movie and then he was like look just  go one more movie.
  So we saw Batman Forever again and we were like yeah this was the best day ever while  my parents were like chasing mortality.
  Yeah everything ended up being fine but like the worst day for my parents life was probably  like my favorite day ever.
  Wow.
  Can you imagine if today you were stuck in a movie theater and had to see four in a row.
  I couldn't choose one.
  I would just play with the claw machine for eight hours.
  Sure.
  There's no bigger nightmare.
  I guess we'll go see.
  You were never really here again.
  This is so totally weird how my brain just did this but you said Batman Forever again  and I imagine the movie Batman Forever again that doesn't exist.
  That's just the same characters and I was like whoa I want to see Batman Forever again.
  I like the idea of splitting off specific sequels into separate cinematic universes.
  Something that is almost only tested by National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2 Uncle Eddie's  Island Adventure.
  Don't forget The Rise of Taj Van Wilder.
  But that's still that's a spinoff of a character but it could still there wasn't a different  Van Wilder was there.
  Was there a Van Wilder too?  I think Van Wilder had graduated.
  Oh I see.
  Is the vacation movies just in a multiverse and like Clark and Ellen are the same constant  but like that's why how you explain.
  Rusty.
  It's in the same multiverse but it's in different dimensions.
  It's sort of like how Judy Dench is M in some of the James Bond's no matter how many James  Bond's there are.
  And Michael Goh is Alfred and it's the same for different Batman movies.
  See I'm a nerd.
  Yeah you can do this stuff.
  You can hang with us.
  Anyway yeah all the vacation movies are their own separate universe and which one would  you most if you were stuck in one if you were stuck in a vacation verse which one is like  the most pleasant to you.
  Which which if you were like related to which set of Griswolds which one would you stick  with.
  Probably Christmas because the European one is just spooky as shit.
  It's very unpleasant.
  That's a weird movie.
  I don't want to hear that Dr.
 John song about new looks ever again.
  Oh god damn it.
  That plays every day in a constant loop in that multiverse.
  Here's a weird fact about me.
  The first vacation movie I ever saw was Vegas.
  I have a lot of affection for Vegas vacation.
  Yeah I like that too.
  How come?  We just saw it.
  I think we saw it like a couple times.
  It was one of those movies I think it was an HBO every day.
  Yeah it was a VHS release when it was just like everyone just always had new release  VHS's or rentals or whatever.
  It's definitely not as bad as it would be today.
  Yes the version of it that would come out today would be unbelievably bad.
  It would be in tight you could tell that Sid Caesar section that they just like let him  he's a comedy legend so let's just let him do too many takes and be too broad and go  too nuts which is how every movie is now with people who are not comedy legends.
  Just let this play out for 25 minutes.
  That is what happens.
  But since you that's Sid Caesar death is very funny.
  That is funny.
  Wala Sean great little yeah.
  I just enjoyed him in book what I'm calling book trip because I can't remember the name  of the movie.
  Book club.
  Okay I'm gonna still call it book trip.
  Real quick how do you guys get to two hours every episode?  With tight concise analysis of great attractions.
  I was about to just launch into a big Wala Sean chunk but we won't do that.
  That is conversely I have never seen Princess Bride.
  Oh wow.
  I haven't either.
  Yeah I just like my goof like you were saying you didn't see the goofy movie until recently.
  Okay don't compare Princess Bride to fucking goofy movie.
  Well at a certain point it just hits so mass saturation people would say the lines were  like to the point of like Holy Monty Python the Holy Grail where it's like oh it's tough  saying the fucking lines.
  Yeah that didn't happen with the goofy movie.
  The goofy movie came out and then Twitter happened last year and people just started  talking about it.
  I completely forgot it existed.
  Because a lot of our culture is millennial certain age range of millennials are hitting  disposable income level of adulthood and so culture manufacturers are like yeah we'll  shove out some Disney afternoon merchandise.
  Hell yeah.
  Millennials will buy like goofy movie merch but they won't spend eight dollars on a buffet.
  Hey I didn't think we had enough time to properly enjoy the buffet on my lunch break.
  You said it was eight dollars.
  I thought it was more.
  Every place is eight dollars.
  I'll tell you our Astro World story if you want to hear it.
  No I think we'll turn our backs from you Monty.
  We haven't even gotten to Marvel yet.
  Oh God.
  Okay well then let's.
  We're all vibrating to talk about that.
  Let's get back on track.
  Here we go.
  All right I have one last Astro World memory that just you know a lot of this stuff is  just flooding back but there was one instance at Astro World that changed my life.
  You know the recording booths where you and friends can record a song.
  Yes together like and you get a cassette tape.
  Sure.
  So me and three of my buddies some of my best friends we did one we did Metallica's one  you know.
  Yeah.
  And we were like the whole time we were like this is pretty good.
  This is pretty good.
  I'm going to quit football start playing drums and we're going to start a band.
  Oh and that affected the next two years of my life.
  Oh really.
  Because you were in spite you thought like we're fucking kicking ass.
  Yeah.
  At this Metallica one.
  This is how we're hearing it back.
  How goddamn stupid that do you have it.
  Again there's shit that might be in my parents bar.
  You want to hear your cover of Metallica's one.
  The version that presumably does not include drums because they did not give you a tiny  drum set to fit in the recording.
  We're just singing acapella but they they put the instrumental version.
  So you would hear the acapella track in your headphones and sing with it.
  No there was no guiding track.
  No what.
  It was just the recorded song.
  It was just like no it was just the instrumental.
  And you then you're here in this recording and like man I'm pretty good at drums.
  That's insane.
  So then that caused you to now you've now you feel like you don't have drive.
  Now your parents mad at you.
  I feel like I know what's that.
  But they were like you're not.
  You have no musical ability and I was like yeah well I'm still going to do it.
  Yeah.
  And you bought a drum set and stuff.
  I bought a drum kit.
  Did two years of drum lessons.
  Tried to had one show.
  It's just one.
  So you never got good at drums.
  No I was terrible.
  And how hardcore were you practicing.
  Like almost every day.
  Really.
  But it got you into the arts.
  Incredible drive.
  If I had no ability.
  I don't have a drum set but if I did you couldn't.
  I could play like some but like I never got any.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  That's crazy.
  You didn't play the Southern Star amphitheater.
  The damn Wiener kids never made it.
  You were not there with Scott Baio and the TV Stars Tour brought to you by Pizza Hut.
  We were not.
  Huh.
  I missed that.
  That's in the string of Astroworld commercials Pizza Hut sponsored a music series.
  So it's like this Friday Scott Baio and the TV Stars Tour.
  Next Friday Wolfman Jack.
  And then just a bunch of country you know lifers country music lifers who I never heard  of.
  You could just see on Friday nights at Astroworld.
  Yeah so Astroworld was big for me.
  And then I was crushed when I found out in 2005 I was living in LA that they closed it  down to create parking for the rodeo.
  This is the dullest reason that anything ever.
  That parking is worth a fortune.
  And like the rodeo you don't fuck around with the rodeo.
  But so the rodeo is only sometimes during the year.
  Yeah.
  But it's that crucial.
  Yes.
  Once a year.
  Five.
  Yeah for five weeks like four or five weeks.
  It's like a fair but even shorter.
  It's like the Olympics or something.
  We're willing to like demolish things for this one event.
  Oh totally.
  Well that's what reading about the closing it seemed like they thought like this is an  incredibly valuable piece of property.
  We're going to close it and sell it for a fortune.
  We're going to sell it for one hundred fifty million dollars.
  And then they sold it for half that much.
  And that led to the guy in charge being fired from the from I think the six flags.
  Between the football and you know the rodeo which I mean football again it's only like  12 dates a year.
  I mean yeah.
  Wow.
  And I think six it was not making money and no one was going.
  Yeah it didn't seem like it was due it wasn't one of the best six flags.
  I think I read it was like eight or something.
  Throw a basketball at him.
  There is an argument to say that it's the best because of a certain character.
  Yeah you know let's to not end on a bummer note.
  Yeah.
  The sadness of the park disappearing.
  Let's go backwards to the glory days to the early days when Astroworld was home to a marvelous  man named Marvel McFay.
  Do you know about one of the greatest discoveries I think we've made doing this podcast.
  I had no knowledge of this and now I have all the knowledge of it.
  Now it is like one of the best things I think we've come across.
  Want to explain Marvel McFay.
  He.
  Nick here and I do have a phone.
  So he was an original character made for Astroworld.
  Marvel McFay and his enchanted animals.
  Oh shit.
  That's him.
  Yeah.
  He was a big bearded man with a gigantic hat.
  Found out through doing research a couple of sources say that he was designed as were  the animals by Disney legend Raleigh Crump.
  Long time Disney imagineer.
  And Marvel McFay is an enchanted animals were walk around characters in big suits.
  You get your pictures taken with and they put on a show and it's an incredibly catchy  song.
  I was on.
  You saw him around.
  He was like still up on Merchant.
  He was walking around.
  Yeah.
  He went away.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  So here's the song.
  Oh boy.
  It's just wonderful.
  Yep.
  From a magic land.
  On a magic day.
  Past the twinkling stars.
  And the milky way.
  Came a magical man.
  And he came to stay.
  You would hear that song in like the restaurant and like different times.
  Wow.
  He makes a lot of sense why that didn't play well in 90s Houston Texas.
  Well I think it went away in 84 or late 80s as they started folding in more of the Warner  Brother of the Looney Tunes.
  Sure.
  Looney Tunes were around.
  Yeah.
  But Pac-Man seems to have lived in harmony with Marvel McFay.
  Yeah.
  They were all running around together.
  Pac-Man was apparently running around too.
  There was a great picture from like a remembrances of Astroworld article and it's just these  70s teens early 20 something with big hair and they were the cast and I'm just like well  all of these Houston theater kids were definitely hooking up with each other.
  There's no doubt about that.
  Marvel case of wonderful animals were hooking up with each other.
  I would assume.
  Apparently Marvel McFay's head and hat combination.
  There was like a one of the stories was like yeah this teenage girl was he she was one  of the people that would do Marvel McFay and the head and hat combination is 30 pounds  alone.
  I saw that.
  Just sitting on your shoulders.
  So if you don't do anything at Astroworld that's not dangerous it's not worth it.
  That's a good point.
  It's in keeping with the philosophy.
  But like the costumes I think look great.
  These are like great designs instantly lovable characters.
  I didn't even like stare at each of them but I love them just on quicksights so much.
  Here's a mouse that I found a photo of.
  I think it's Pierre Lerat who is French.
  Yes.
  And I found a little still where he has a caption underneath and it says Mondo time  for a cheese break.
  I found that as well.
  Most adorable delightful thing.
  Did you find the one about the pig?  Oh wait what is the pig?  So I found a list of one sheet about all the animals.
  Great.
  It says here come the animals Astroworld has them all.
  And it says like furry ones fuzzy ones animals that snip snarl and smile all just for fun.
  You'll meet Astroworld animals at every turn so jump in and join the fun with Astroworld  animals they're just for you just to make you happy.
  Do you have their names?  So and it's very like this is a very low res.
  So it's Samantha she's a skunk.
  Sneak a flower too from Samantha the sweet smelling skunk.
  At the something I can't read in children's world.
  There's Nero the lion.
  There's Goldie the gorilla.
  There's Beethoven who I have a list without some of these.
  There was tons of things.
  It couldn't even fit it on one list.
  Flapper.
  Now there's also Winston who is not a punk rock dog.
  Like other Winston's.
  A wolf and then there's Pierre.
  I have his name is Pierre Reynard Lerat.
  Oh.
  See I got a question for you did every like Six Flags do this because I always remember  Astroworld being a step above other standard like theme parks like they were trying to  Disney fight.
  They were trying to go.
  This was before the Six Flags.
  Sure sure like.
  But it seems like even when it first started they were trying to put in extra effort like  the outdoor air conditioning the air conditioning pipes that ran underneath the park and would  blow cold air into the lines.
  That's why I think Astroworld haven't been every Six Flags but the Astroworld is better  than every Six Flags.
  I think so.
  It's been like a hack not an ill attempt at trying to be Disneyland.
  Yeah.
  I mean the Alpine Sleigh Ride looks very similar to Matterhorn Mountain.
  There was Rio.
  They're trying theming with that.
  You know.
  Rio Miserio looks a little like the Jungle Cruise.
  Even just having characters.
  Even just having like themed characters like this that costs money to record the song and  have people play these characters in that heat.
  Having a mythology any theme park that did that.
  And it also I think you may have said in a text to me that Raleigh Crump was also involved  in these things the trolls at Magic Mountain.
  In the 70s there was a similar set of psychedelic sort of Sid and Marty Croft adjacent characters  named the trolls.
  And this is another thing I feel like is lost in the Venga boyification of Six Flags.
  These like delightful little psychedelic worlds I think are so charming and it's this specific  little world you could only go to there.
  What was that word you said though?  Which one?  I said a lot of words.
  Venga boys.
  Venga busification.
  Yeah.
  If there's any syndrome I'm most upset about in this world.
  Here is another.
  That's the song that the old man dances to.
  He's the Venga boys.
  The Venga bus is coming.
  It is not Axel Beff.
  I thought it was a conglomerate that took over Six Flags and is homogenizing them.
  Like a Westfield type organization.
  No, no.
  They are their own already.
  Does Westfield have an amusement park?  No, I bet someday.
  They'll start to take over Six Flags I bet as time goes on.
  I found a caption picture and it's Marvel and one of the characters and it just says  okay Marvel hand her over.
  The frog legs are mine.
  And I don't have any context for that.
  But it's a lion.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah it's a lion and then there's another one with the pig and it says that damn pig  is too much of a ham for me.
  See I think you guys would have dug 70s 80s Houston.
  It was just bright colors.
  It was trying to get people there.
  The Astros had rainbow jerseys.
  You've seen them.
  Oh yes.
  You're retro because you have a hat from every era of the Astros.
  And the retro hats are wonderful.
  Those old logos and the old we haven't said I don't think the Astro world logos are fantastic.
  Here's Marvel and friends riding the Texas cyclone.
  It's so McDonaldlandy.
  It's very McDonaldlandy.
  All of their necks hurt.
  Their necks are all drooping.
  They're all heading for concussions.
  Here is a creature it's just captioned hey hey Marvel McFay.
  I don't even know it looks like a corn man.
  He looks like an unpainted Mayor McCheese.
  It's just raw bread.
  And I also there's a lion who I think is named Lester Lion.
  Look at that.
  I'm wearing an Astros hat just like our buddy Nick Mundy.
  Yeah.
  So there's Nero the lion and Lester Lion.
  Maybe that's Nero.
  I don't know.
  They did do a good job of all this branding but they tried.
  Oh that's a different lion.
  That's Nero.
  That's Nero the lion.
  This one is orange.
  So he's Houston Astros orange.
  So he's different I guess.
  One of Lester became a baseball player and Nero quit to play Metallica covers for two  years.
  Did you come across Percy the Penguin.
  He's on my list.
  I don't know anything about him.
  Well he's the only animal in the park wearing a black tuxedo is what it says about him.
  Fun fact.
  It just feels like a real half assed not half assed but like just a real bad attempt at  making Disneyland like hey how do we advertise this guy.
  He's wearing a tuxedo.
  What a weird thing.
  It's hard to have dense mythologies when the characters are not in dozens of animated shorts.
  I admire anybody's attempts because like this assignment is passed down from some corporate  mucky muck to like we need a Mickey Mouse.
  This time it was like Roy Hoffines.
  It was just like some old cowboy just trying to.
  Give me a pig and a lion and a skunk damn it.
  I don't want to go to California.
  The way to find Marvel and face up.
  There's not a lot of great archives up but there's a lot of video collages online with  all these pictures.
  One of which ended with like a very charming like video of what was clearly like a gathering  of people who used to do that show and they're just sitting around drinking beer and the  music comes on and everyone cheers and the one guy can still do the full dance.
  And like people give a round of applause at the end and I felt like moved watching this  like in the same way of people talking about their memories of where the park closed because  it's so rare for like a whole theme park to not just close but be demolished unless there's  a natural disaster or a massive financial quagmire like Hard Rock Park.
  This is a rare closure that's not for some that wasn't in the first year to make it like  40 years and then be done.
  Strange were you sad when it happened?  It was weird.
  It felt like oh that sucks but I'm also in California to make my dreams come true.
  Yes.
  You're not unlike us you're not primarily concerned about theme park happenings at places  that you can't regularly go to.
  But now no now I'm just thinking about am I Astroworld?  Is my dream now I'm just.
  You're gonna shut down.
  Well we'll all be in the ground one day.
  We'll all be parking lots for the Rodeo, the Houston Rodeo livestock show.
  Also.
  Yeah it was it was weird but it was also like oh yeah I hadn't been there since like I was  17.
  Yeah.
  Yeah so hey you gotta grow up.
  Here's an image of Marvel without his head or like you can take the head off like the  body is still moving and it looks like a trick.
  That's fun.
  What I think the problem was the biggest problem I think Astroworld had like in hindsight was  it wasn't owned by the people for a while who owned the Astros.
  If they could have done like a double header thing like that would have been better like  oh buy a couch get a ticket.
  Yeah.
  Was there any correlation ever between the Astros besides this lion wearing this hat.
  I think originally it was.
  It was all at once.
  Hawfines created both.
  And everything was Astro related then and then it just kind of split it all split off.
  Sure.
  Because I think just looking at it they had Astroworld for like a year and they're like  oh we don't know what we're doing.
  And then they sold it off.
  Right.
  Interesting.
  Real quick back to because I all I want to talk about is Marvel McFay.
  Well quick point maybe you guys had the same thought.
  Marvel McFay looks like he is related to Dreamfinder.
  Yeah.
  He looks very Dreamfinder like.
  And he predates Dreamfinder.
  He predates Dreamfinder and he looks like he's his cousin or he looks like he's his  brother.
  We're done with you.
  Thanks.
  So that's a wrap on Nick.
  So I'm just I'm wondering if he was any sort of like if they saw that Marvel and they.
  Do you know who Dreamfinder is Nick?  From Epcot.
  That's the thing I forget that we're talking to this audience of people as of course let's  go straight into Dreamfinder.
  He's like a guy who flew around in a magic flying machine at Epcot Center.
  He's a different magical man from theme parks.
  It was a big like 70s 80s.
  He isn't quite as his hair is in his red but like he's this guy.
  You've seen this guy before.
  Yeah that looks familiar.
  Yeah Figment.
  He was.
  I remember Fig.
  I had a Figment doll.
  Yeah.
  Oh you did.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  Here's what I think about Marvel McFay.
  Which is why would they ever make a Figment movie or TV show?  I know.
  You know.
  I've been on a few volumes.
  I've gone on a floor with this podcast.
  That's why we're doing this.
  Yeah.
  Give us the rights please.
  Some podcast.
  Here's what I what I think about Marvel McFay is that I immediately like all this and sometimes  I'm not charmed by some set of theme park characters I didn't grow up with but I think  these guys are a step above.
  Great design.
  Incredible song.
  Wonderful song.
  That's like a that's like a Nilsson song.
  Yeah.
  That is so well done.
  I like that nice little 70s bounce.
  It reminded me of the song Girl that Davy Jones sings on the Brady Bunch.
  Excellent.
  So maybe my favorite theme park song that we've that we found in that I didn't know  already.
  I've been singing it for two days now.
  Like in my head.
  So I while I like this a lot I'm relieved that I didn't grow up in Houston because if  I grew up in Houston and was aware of these characters I think I today would be the full  time unpaid editor of the Marvel McFay GeoCities fansite.
  I think all I would do is archive this.
  I feel like I dodged a bullet by not being born not being six in like 1974 whenever Marvel  was running around.
  Your hero Marvel McFay.
  Yeah I would have because like because and they feel so much like the rocket fire explosion  or the the the Chuck E.
 Cheese characters.
  It would have been a awful alternate to another much worse multiverse.
  I would have been a much worse Rusty or Audrey.
  I'm too obsessed with Marvel McFay.
  Do you think Six Flags owns the Marvel McFay rights?  Well that's what I was wondering.
  How much could we get the Marvel McFay rights?  Yeah can we buy Marvel McFay?  Good question.
  It might be dirt cheap.
  It probably yeah.
  I'll put a couple hundred bucks to buy that.
  Yeah.
  If anybody has any info on the rights please DM us.
  Sure.
  We'll start licensing him for things.
  If I just blow my hair out I could probably be him.
  When are we going to find him?  We should all play him at a different different different times like how Dream Fighter was  played by different people.
  Oh sure.
  No I'm I'm Pierre Lerret all the way.
  I'll pull myself out of the room.
  Samantha Skunk Lester Lyon.
  There's Chiquito Pig, there's Harpo Pig.
  I'm just realizing I had the list of names.
  I thought I didn't have a list.
  I have the because they're all in the image.
  Oh Nick we all wrote down the list of the Marvel McFay characters.
  Aren't you proud of us?  Does it make sense that we instead of devoting time to like roller coasters we were all like  let's find the names of the pig and let's find the names of the roller coaster.
  Yeah we got through the roller coaster stuff because you guys got scared how dangerous  they were.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  I might hurt my neck just hearing about it.
  But we wanted to be basically we didn't want to go on rides we just wanted to have friends  animal friends.
  Enchanted animal friends.
  What so you guys know some water parks to like hang out on top of them?  No we would never do that.
  If you have any information about how we three guys can get the rights to either write the  figment movie or on a much smaller scale just own Marvel McFay and lease them to local pizzerias  and massage parlors.
  The intellectual property of Marvel McFay is like buried the paperwork is buried in  a file somewhere.
  Get a massage.
  Get a massage.
  Also if you ever got.
  Well massage envy is part of that national chain is part of a massive scandal right now  so they'll need to clean up their image.
  We don't need to.
  If they don't shut down the entire.
  What better way than Marvel McFay.
  If we're making apologies if I ever if you ever felt a penny drop on you on a water slide  my bad it was just for fun.
  But what's the fun in that.
  What is the gimmick there.
  They're going and you drop it a penny on them while they're going down a water slide.
  You would do that.
  Yeah.
  So you're just annoying people.
  Yeah it's just playing you know you know funds.
  You don't have any recollection of dropping a penny it picking up so much speed that it's  sliced the whole person in half.
  No no because we were on top of them like imagine like me straddling your head right  now from the couch.
  I have to imagine it's going to happen if this podcast goes any longer.
  I feel like there are worse stories you're not even telling us.
  No that was it's those are Patreon exclusives.
  Yeah well when we get the Patreon there'll be a whole 45 minutes of you telling us just  how you like dunked a kid in a toilet at Astro.
  I never did that.
  You and that racist baseball player from last year's series.
  Oh did you.
  Oh you that's you're asking for a lot of basketballs in the face.
  Too far Jason.
  No he's not going to talk the rest of the Monday's retiring from speaking.
  He'll be the first guest you didn't say goodbye.
  No Jason fucked up.
  What did he do what he did.
  No shit.
  The city needed to win.
  Look they didn't need to win after that hurricane.
  We're all we've all been thinking about it.
  It had to be said.
  They apologize and went through sensitivity training.
  Just listen to the song.
  We've all come down.
  I saved a kid in a wave pool.
  They say.
  You saved a kid in a wave pool.
  Was that at one of these parks?  Yeah this kid he just kept getting like do you guys have wave pools?  Yeah.
  Yeah like the kid just couldn't get up and I just like and his mom was looking for him.
  What?  Like he just was like the wave just.
  Pulled him up.
  Yeah let him grab him.
  Well that was nice.
  Well that kid should thank you on Twitter too.
  I probably dropped a penny on him later.
  Hey well Nick Mundy you survived podcast the ride.
  Thank you guys so much.
  It's not as scary as the rides I like.
  My neck feels fine.
  If people want to thank you for saving their life or for creating this big time wasting  podcast where can they find you?  Well they can check out my big waste of time podcast.
  Oh yeah.
  If you want to tag your awesome show just check it out where podcasts are.
  Uh huh.
  You know two of the three hosts of this show have been on your podcast.
  Yes.
  And one glaringly has not been.
  Now I don't think he's helped his kids today.
  That's fine.
  Isn't it funny that Scott and I were the heels at the start of this.
  The biggest heels in your eyes.
  And then at the end this guy did the biggest heel turn since the double turn the Steve  Austin Bret Hart match at WrestleMania 13.
  Can you believe you didn't see it coming?  Yep I'm still the baby fish.
  You know that's a lesson we learned from comedy that if you end a show on a strong note people  forget any weak points from earlier in the show.
  What do you mean by that?  Huh?  We do an improv.
  If the show ends strong people forget like the time they were in the show.
  If your show has weak parts.
  That's a big if with us.
  Yeah no we were.
  No not strong.
  This is doing the opposite of that.
  You're just accentuating all the other bad parts right now with all your gibber jabber  nerd.
  You're giving people a bad taste on their the way out and we maybe just need to demolish  this episode right now and turn it into a parking lot for a rodeo.
  I think we should just keep listening to this wonderful song.
  Hi everybody.
  Play us out.
  Follow us at Podcast the Ride.
  And this is a 14 ending Astros game that we lost.
  Aren't you glad you spent it with us?  Yeah.
  An old Marvel McFay.
  Well now I am.
  Bo-doop-doop-doop.
  Priests of outlet.
  In Marvel McFaith, there's magic dust.
  Believe you may, but believe you must.
  Marvel McFaith, Marvel McFaith, you  make my world a magical world each day, a magical day.
  Marvel McFaith, Marvel McFaith, you're a superman.
  You make the world like you're Marvel, Marvel McFaith.
