 Warning, the following podcasts may contain costumed characters with plastic heads and human hands,  a scathing review of an ice cream cone, pal-arounds, and a curious look at the Disneyland Resort's newest offering, Pixar Pier.
  Spoiler alert, it's fine, this is Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the only theme park podcast where you'll hear a heartfelt apology directed to robot birds,  which I'll do in one second once I get to my co-host, Jason Sheridan.
  Oh, I'm glad you're doing that.
 Yeah, I have that written down.
  See? I was telling Scott this happened a lot.
 There were a lot of comments this week from last week's episode.
  But very polite.
  I was trying to figure out what a lot meant because my guess was two and you asserted five.
  I said like five to six or seven.
  Across the social media, I think-  You just upped it to six or seven.
  Now I'm exaggerating for the air.
  I think the truth is in between as it often is.
 I think it was three to four across a couple social media.
  Well, I'm not going to take any more time other than saying my full name is Scott Gardner and then seating the floor to Mike Carlson for his apology.
  Okay, so here's the thing.
 I would like to heart-felt-ly apologize to the group of white cockatoos who appear in Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room.
  I incorrectly stated on last week's episode that they did not have names and only the four hosts said names.
 That is incorrect.
  They absolutely have names.
 There are six ladybirds who have names and I would like to apologize to each of them right now.
  I'm sorry to Colette, Suzette, Mimi, Gigi, Fifi, and Josephine.
  I very much apologize.
 You guys have fun names.
 You passed the Hell and Tests as far as I'm concerned.
  We certainly do.
  They don't have any lines really in the show.
 They just sing a song.
  And also apology in absentia to Rosita.
 No one knows what happened to Rosita.
  Yes.
 And I also would like to take the blame for this myself, but I'd also like to call out my two co-hosts for not correcting me.
  Okay, so where were you guys? We're all experts here.
  I think I was probably asleep every time I visited the Enchanted Tiki Room and thus did not pick up any names.
  Jason, where were you? Come on, man.
  I was so charmed and enthralled by the actual entertainment.
 I occasionally just black out certain elements of it to invest it in the story.
  As I said, we got 13 to 20 comments about this.
 24.
  And I'm very.
.
.
 Look, I did feel a bit of shame.
 People would tweet and I did feel like, well, we're supposed to be guys that know what we're talking about.
  You didn't know what you're talking about.
 How could you let a mistake like this happen?  You know, we were kind of in universal mindset and we were also blue sky-ing the Hell and Tests.
  I feel like we just got probably caught up in the heat of podcasting.
  This is like Steve Renna's Easy, 9-11, not quite on that level, but the comedian who claimed he was in 9-11.
  This is a big embarrassment is what I'm saying.
 It's not a one-to-one as far as.
.
.
  There is some conspiracy theories that Rosita was actually in the towers but got out ahead of time.
  Easier for a bird to do so than for a person.
  Very easy.
  Wait, okay.
 Let me clarify a couple of things.
 We're talking about last week when we came up with a new theory, the Hell and Test,  which relates to characters being named on interesting names like Hell and specifically in theme park rides or robot shows  because this came from Hell and in Waterworld and Hell and in the Chuck E.
 Cheese band.
  By the way, does the Hell and Test apply to non-theme park entertainment as well?  Do we think Hellen is just a bad name, a boring name for characters?  It's all comparatively.
 If the movie has a series of male characters and one is named The Flashlight and one is named Sun Man,  and then it's like Linda is the female character.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Got you.
  If they have fun names or silly names and then the female character is boring.
 So I think so.
  That's a good way to frame the rule.
 I'm not sure if my wife pointed out a new one to me, Daria.
 Daria's mom is Hellen.
  Now, I don't know if all of the characters have interesting names on Daria.
 I don't remember everybody else's name,  but Hellen is not as interesting of a name as Daria.
  That's true.
  But maybe that's important for the story that she was raised by this kind of waspy or yuppie mother and then Daria is an oddball who doesn't fit in with the family.
  So maybe if it's narratively important, that can override the Hellen test.
  Yeah, I think that's right.
 And also the thing, maybe the flaw in the Hellen test is there could be a movie where like all the characters are named Jim, Michael, Hellen, and Linda, let's say.
  I think that's okay.
  And that's fine.
 But the problem is now people will misinterpret that just Hellen is a bad name.
 And that's not what we're saying.
  Because we mentioned Hellen Parr, Elastigirl and the Incredibles.
 It's got an IOC Incredibles 2.
  Since recording it, yes.
  Since recording, a terrific movie.
 She gets a great arc.
 Like it's mostly her movie, I would say.
  But that's not what this is about.
 It's just about her name.
  Yeah.
  We don't care if the female has a good arc or a satisfying thing.
 We just care that the name is interesting.
  But what's Mr.
 Incredible's non Mr.
 Incredible name?  Bob.
  Well, so does that? No, it's fine.
 I think the Incredibles pass is for sure.
  Then the kids are named Dashal and Violet, which are interesting names.
 Very interesting names.
  But that's a generational thing.
 Bob and Hellen are of a certain generation, and that makes sense.
 And they have code names that are very fun.
  Similar to Hellen and Daria.
  Yes.
  It makes sense that a younger generation.
 So if the interesting name issue is due to generational difference, we'll allow it.
  But if it's characters who are all roughly of the same age, like Pasquale, Munch and Jasper, and then one of their ranks is named Hellen, that's boring.
  That's boring.
  Birdie in McDonald's gang is fine.
 Birdie is interesting.
  Yes.
  As much as Hamburglar or Grimace, maybe not quite.
 But it's more specific than Hellen.
 If her name was just Jill.
  Yeah, it's as good as Mayor Big Mac or, oh no, Officer Big Mac.
  Officer Big Mac and Mayor McCheese.
  Mayor McCheese.
  God damn it.
  Sorry, I'm screwing up a lot these last few weeks.
  Would Hellen the Bird pass the test if she had, if her middle name was Entertainment, like Chuck Entertainment Cheese?  So it would be Hellen E.
 Henny?  Is it Henny?  Is it Henny? Henny gets closer, I guess, to being fun.
  I guess it couldn't also be Entertainment.
 It would be like Hellen Musicality Henny or Hellen Excellent Service.
 Another aspect of the Chuck E.
 Cheese experience.
  Oh, an infamous aspect of the Chuck E.
 Cheese experience.
  Oh yes.
 Famously their service is perfect.
  Hellen Skeeball Hen.
  Yeah, she would be, yeah, if Birdie was in, it would be cool because Birdie is a fun name.
  I'd be curious to think about, I think this is important, a distinction to make that Hellen, it's not about the name Hellen.
 It's about female character names not keeping up with the dynamic nature of them.
  So there's probably other examples of this and go ahead and tweet them at us if you think you have.
  And if you understand what we're talking about, if you understand the concept because it's a bit confusing.
  It is a little bit, but interesting that there's a couple of dully named Hellens throughout theme park lore.
  Yeah.
  And we're going to try to put a stop to that going forward.
  Well, I mean Hellen is, I guess this leads us into the primary topic today.
 This came up entirely because Hellen, the AKA Elastigirl factors into the Disney's newest quote unquote attraction, the Incredicoaster.
  And its newest land, Pixar Pier.
  The Hellen of California Adventure.
  Well, yeah, are we showing our cards of our opinion of this? I think it does seem like we're maybe following the, it seems, from my sense, theme park media, YouTube channels, Twitterers, wherever else these people can live, are not super psyched about Pixar Pier.
  Well, it depends.
 I think the people that got a free ride to Disney and got to experience it early, they found a lot to like for some reason.
  Oh, does this happen often?  Yes.
 It depends.
 I think it depends because I saw certain places and I don't want to call out podcasts or websites, but I saw on a certain website versus a certain website's podcast, the discrepancy.
  The podcast was much more glowing about it.
 And then if you actually read the website buried down in a few paragraphs, there was actually some criticism.
  So I'm saying they're forward facing clickbait title is pro.
  I'll call them out.
 Ferris wheel lovers dot net.
  I'm tired of you guys being bought.
  Y'all are bullshit artists.
  Yeah, that's it.
 That's the one we all know.
  I don't mind making an enemy here today.
 I didn't want to, but I guess we everyone go to that.
  The head.
 That dot net go to their site and yell at him and give him a piece of your mind.
  And yeah, and rate and review Ferris pod at Apple podcasts and tell them that look, you need to be consistent here and you need to be objective theme park journalists like we are.
  Yeah, send them to the one star basement.
 You are disgracing Mr.
 Ferris is legacy.
  Dare you use his name.
  Well, so you guys have been to Pixar peer been to not because I'm I'm off my past for a little while.
  I'll take a couple months off.
 I'm certainly taking the summer off because we there was there was a tweet going around about how the other day Friday as we record this.
  I'm not exactly objective, but the recently at Disneyland had the most the hottest day on record of any Disney theme park.
  Any Disney theme park.
  How can that be 13 degrees?  Yeah, it does seem like something would have hit that hit that before that because it's not 113 isn't the hottest temperature of all time.
  No, in an maybe it is though.
  I feel like it's that is the hottest single.
 That's the hottest temperature I can remember since I moved to Southern California.
  Yeah, but I'm surprised it has not gotten hotter in Orlando.
  But maybe it I don't know.
  Maybe the rain cools it down like the humidity keeps it a little cooler.
  But curious the height in general.
  I mean, I think I feel like humidity is more the what's oppressive there than the the dry California on top of that to the hottest day.
  Disney was having tech problems and the apps went down.
  So like FastPass and like food restaurants like what a disaster on a day when like the heat is already pushing everyone to their limit.
  Just like the worst like I'm sure there were just dads like just losing their minds.
  Like if people maybe if it was a trip that's been in the works for months or years and you get there and that's how it plays out.
  I don't know or show.
  I feel like at that temperature, the smallest like a cashier going, oh, excuse me, sir.
  I have to go get a roll of quarters.
  I'm out of quarters can make someone go like what else is going to go to play to plant the seed that when they get back to their hometown, they will leave their family or maybe they don't go back to their home.
  I was going to say it just happens there and he just walks into downtown Disney and they never seen again.
  He's never seen again.
  Gets on a bus to Garden Grove and I'm starting over.
  Y'all are on your own.
  Temperature does crazy things to people.
  I also saw that the Cars Land, all the Cars Land rides were down at one point.
  Oh, really?  Yeah.
  Just a Disneyland meltdown.
  And I'm wrong for not wanting to go to the park, get a glass of wine, go on one ride and then leave.
  Well, in that heat, of course, no one would blame you.
  But we're saying when it's temperate day, two rides at least.
  It's been a hot summer out here.
  If I'm feeling patient.
  So you're on your past break and you're thinking how long has the break now been from Disney?  This is one of the longest stretches I've made it.
  I think I'm almost at five months.
  My God.
  Yeah.
 I've had others where I said I was going to take the year off and then I broke it four months, but I'm up to five.
  This is odd.
  I guess it's odd to be saying on it.
  I'm treating this like it's sobriety, but I'm talking about taking time off from Disneyland.
  On my Disneyland oriented podcast.
  Yeah.
  Well, in all fairness, you are the only one currently with a universal pass, though.
  Hey, yeah.
  So I'm representing in another area and that's come in handy during our many, many city walk trips that well, that's where we're going out of order in the timeline.
  But when was Jason, when was the last time you didn't have a Disneyland pass?  2010.
  You've renewed consistently the whole time?  Or 2011.
 Yeah.
  So you've had one continuous for seven years.
  Yes, pretty much.
  I'm trying to think.
  And at a certain point, it just became like, well, they got rid of my tier, so I have to keep renewing.
  Like this year I was hemming and hawing and then I feel like I was just like, I may as well do it still.
  That's true.
 You were threatening me.
  You were saying you might not get a pass, but then you did it anyway.
  You must have been terrified for that.
  Yeah, I was horrified because yeah.
  I honestly think I'm the only, I've had one continuously except for like a month in 2014.
  Wow.
  Or a couple months, maybe like two months in 2014.
  Wow.
  So you know, I think I actually did all of, I think I took all of 2016 off.
  2016 was, you know, everybody was having those hell years and I was doing it to save money and which made sense on paper.
  But I started to realize I'd be much happier during this awful political and celebrity death laden hellscape that was 2016.
  I think Disney would have tempered the whole thing.
  So I was wrong in 2016.
  I shouldn't put these boundaries on myself.
  But you hear about these temperatures and it's like, yeah, I'm, I don't think I'm, I'm going to try to make it to September, October.
  Okay.
  Because there's going to be a hike.
  That's what the rumors are.
  I want to tell everybody out there, if you don't have a pass and you're thinking about getting a pass, but head of Star Wars land, the rumor is, and it's not coming from ferriswheel.
net.
  It's coming from a different website, a different podcaster.
  The bumper car boys.
  The bumper car boys have, Jason, I'm fine.
  Thank you for saying it.
  We love their podcasts.
  Remember it's a dash between bumper and car, but not boys.
  They made it as confusing of a URL as possible.
  No bumper car boys.
 One word is like a weird proud boys called right off.
  So you got to make sure to distinguish between them somehow.
  They're legally both allowed to exist.
  It's weird.
  It's weird.
 Yeah.
  Those are people who hit their enemies with bottom of the.
  Oh yeah.
  They're the people trying to pass the, uh, they mow over their cars.
  If you are crossing in front of an on ramp or something, they're awful, but bumper dash car boys.
  No dash.
  Yeah, they're great.
  And their rumor is of course that soon there's going to be a substantial price.
  Like in annual passes, uh, I had to start to try to root even more people out before star wars land comes,  which is probably going to soft open before may cause they have to test stuff out.
  But even when star wars land opens, we're not sure about which passes we'll be able to get.
  Sure.
 They could block all of them out.
  I mean, they're talking about, they've already announced, haven't they?  Like one park blackouts where it's like, oh, you can't come to Disneyland.
  You can go to California.
  Yeah.
 I do think though, depending on when you like, like right now, whatever it says on the maps, you you're getting that.
  I don't think they can like block out like new, new dates.
  Like they've already sort of, they can, they have to me.
  Well, I know they can restrict stuff, but you're saying they can.
  I, when I had family come out to visit in 2015, we're like, let's, uh, uh, we'll plan to go to the park these days.
  I was looking at my blackout calendar and that was like five months out.
  And then the week before they came, I went, oh, I'm apparently blacked out on Sunday.
  The first day you came here.
  Are you sure you didn't make a mistake?  Uh, no, I didn't because what happened was hyperspace mountain opened all that star wars crap.
  All that, uh, they would do it for that.
  They blacked out.
 That was like the soft opening day.
  So I bought like a one day.
  I know they can restrict it if all of a sudden the, like the park is too crowded.
  Like, like if it gets capacity, the fire marshal will literally say no more.
  You can't commit.
  Yeah.
 If you follow them on Twitter, you can see when the parking garages are.
  I think in general, whatever the schedule is now, the day you buy your pass, that is, that should be okay.
  They're not going to change.
  It's not legally binding.
  That's fair enough.
  The fine print says we can, you know, change these conditions at any time.
  It's not like.
  Yes, that's true.
  I mean, if it's truly insane, I'm just saying that I think you'll probably get an approximation of whatever it is.
  The day you buy it and they can change it going forward and make alterations to like even the same level of pass.
  Like if you buy it two weeks from now, it'll be way more money and there could be a different set of things attached to it.
  Cause like they will grandfather certain things in like, like photo pass and stuff.
  If you had it before on your tier, but then they get rid of it, you still get grandfathered in.
  So that's what I'm saying.
  The nature of this draconian rule set.
  This is all this I'm going to continue what might be my, maybe I'm the villain of the podcast or something for even presenting controversial ideas like this.
  There's a part of me that wants to not go to star wars.
  What for a while, huh?  Doesn't it seem like it's going to be hellish?  It does.
  Yeah.
  It seems like society, the rules of polite society may break down.
  It seems like it would be as lawless as the actual outer rims are in the star wars universe.
  You were talking about the outer rims of the planet Batuu?  Yeah.
  Of course I was talking about Batuu.
  Okay.
 I just wanted to make sure we were talking about Batuu.
  I feel like I think this isn't the first time we've had this exact exchange where you say Batuu and I go, of course I'm talking about Batuu.
  That may have been in our real life, but I don't think it's been on the air.
  Maybe that's what it is.
  I think that the thing with Star Wars land is they're going to, the hellish part of it would be waiting to get in because I don't think they're going to let more people.
  Everyone into the part, into the land.
  So I think that the hellish thing is going to be standing outside in frontier land or over in critter country waiting to get in, in the heat with a bunch of cranky people because there's going to have to be lines.
  There were like lines when Harry Potter opened, there would be our way just to step foot in the land.
  I don't think they're going to let it be the case where you're just like shoulder to shoulder in the land and it's a nightmare.
  I think they're only going to let an amount of people that's at least somewhat manageable in there.
  But what if there was a place you could wait with all your friends from the Pixar universe?  Sure.
 You mean strategically opened a year before to try to be like, well, you know, Star Wars land isn't open, but we have a new area open last year.
  An entirely new that is it is not thin soup of a of a theme park land.
  It is hearty, robust, minestrone.
  There's so much in here.
 A lot of nutrients.
  There's a lot and it all opened on time.
 It all opened.
  Oh, wait, no, wait, three things are not open yet.
  And then there's a whole but oh, God, they're calling it something.
  OK, that makes their entire right to build yet.
  Yeah.
 Well, it then any hopefully in a year it'll be all open when they're telling this potential Star Wars land person.
  So in case people I mean, I think people listening might not know this full set of theories.
  And I think that's absolutely right.
 I think this if you've been wondering what is up with this Pixar appeared thing, because I feel like I've talked to some slightly invested theme park fans who are who don't  who are are confused about.
 So there's a new Incredibles coaster.
 Right.
  Now it's a rethemed.
 So there's a new Pixar land.
 No, it's kind of a rethemed.
  It's what was there already.
 And if you've been wondering what's the deal with this,  that's certainly the working theory that they are trying to throw whatever they can to attract people over to California Adventure to ease the what will be a hellish burden.
  Yes.
 In the Star Wars area, Disneyland.
  So real quick, as you're saying this, I had the realization because I have a park map in front of me from the opening weekend of Pixar Pier.
  And usually I don't have an actual map in front of me.
 And one of the things I was wondering about because how to say this.
  So Pixar Pier did not just replace Paradise Pier entirely.
  It replaced Paradise Pier up to like the silly Symphony Swings.
 And unless I'm wrong, which I could very well be the the rest of that area with like the Zephyr and the corn dog castle and even up to little  goofy sky school and Little Mermaid is now called Paradise Gardens Park.
 Did you guys know that? Not until this morning.
 I saw it in an L.
A.
 Times article and would have missed it otherwise.
 And you know, you were there and you didn't know until you literally looked at a map.
  Yeah.
 The famous area Paradise Gardens Park of the California Adventure.
 It's presented on the same level as Cars Land.
 Yeah.
 These are equal lands.
 Cars Land Paradise Garden Park.
  But I just assumed it was going to be like this is Pixar Pier and this other stuff is here, but we're not going to talk about that.
  This whole thing is so strange and sloppy.
 What did they really do? The Incredicoaster is now they took something that was not Pixar themed and now it is.
  But then the the Mickey the wheel, the Ferris wheel.
 Mickey's fun.
 Formerly Mickey's fun wheel.
 Mickey's fun.
 It still has Mickey on it.
 Yeah.
 But now it's called what? The Pixar Pal-Around.
 Got it.
  What are the worst names? Awful.
 Pixar Pal-Around is a ride where lots of you sit in a car themed after one of your favorite Pixar pals and all the Pixar pals rotate around the center of the Pixar universe.
  Mickey.
 What's going on? What is this? This is terrible.
 If hey, I'm a guy who goes to the theme parks for the theming, as you know, I'm a wimp.
 I don't go for rock for G forces and thrills.
  I go for theming.
 So if I'm going to go to a place that's about theming, what is this shit theming? Yeah.
 I here's what I the feeling I get.
  And I don't know this.
 I didn't see this on any of those websites, but I get the sense that this was like last second.
 This is a last second thing.
  They announced this at D23 last year, and I think we can tell it's last second because we didn't hear any rumors about it.
  All of a sudden they're like, and next year, Pixar Pier coming.
 And usually when something big happens, we've heard a little rumbling on one of those websites we were mentioning before.
 There was some feeling of like, oh, something's coming.
  This was totally new.
 So I have a feeling like it was a last second decision.
 We got to do something.
 There was a limited budget here.
 Yeah.
 Let's make this happen in six because they closed everything in January.
  Yeah, they turned it around fast and you can tell in places that this was a fast job and there's stuff that doesn't make sense.
 The Mickey thing clearly to me is like people love that Mickey Mouse Ferris wheel.
 Yeah.
  People like it more than the terrifying baby son they used to adorn.
 The rosacea cheeked sun cherub that used to be in the center of the Ferris wheel.
 It was signaling everyone's death.
  You would see something like that in a nightmare where you were about to die.
 It's a ring face.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  I remember hearing someone.
 What was the other? Oh, yeah.
 Mickey and the sun wheel, the old sun wheel.
 But there used to be the Mickey thing in the roller coaster loop, right? Didn't there used to be Mickey ears? Yeah.
  Kind of abstract Mickey ears kind of with an epic.
 That was a first Earth on the roller coaster.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I like that.
 I kind of miss that a couple years ago.
 I was at the park and I heard a guest ask a cast member.
 Hey, what? Why? Why come the Mickey ears aren't on the roller coaster?  And I was like, that's been I was just like, wow, people really like seeing Mickey at play because I was like, that's been gone for years.
 And people are still like, oh, why did you get rid of that? I like that.
 So I kind of understand why they left Mickey on the Ferris wheel, even though it doesn't make any sense.
  No, I thought.
 Well, I mean, what would they have done? Would they have replaced Mickey with John Lasseter? Yes.
 I mean, God damn it.
 Look, I when I was over there, I said that same thing to my girlfriend.
 I said, well, who would they ever place me with? John Lasseter's face.
 Was that the idea?  The dictator of Pixar.
 Yeah.
 Power mad.
 I recently resigned and disgraced.
 Yes.
 I it's a screen, though.
 Mickey thing is a screen.
 What? I'm pretty sure it can change colors at least for the world.
  Oh, yes, they project on it.
 And that's another thing.
 That's another funny thing I found out about.
 They took this time while the pier is closed to like do work on the fountains and stuff and damage them.
 Why? So it's going to take even longer to get World of Color back up and running.
  Has it not been for a while? It's not been running for a while.
 And this map, I think, probably printed in advance about like these attractions close early due to World of Color.
 I don't think World of Color is in sight anytime soon because they have the paint the night parade going here.
  Yes.
 So that's it.
 It's all it's all diversions.
 He's gaslighting us left and right.
 It's Pixar Fest now going on as well at the whole resort, which is different than Pixar.
 It's always good to have two new things with one similar word.
  So Pixar.
 Yeah.
 So Pixar Fest is happening and they moved the parade.
 They moved the Pixar Play Parade to Disneyland, which is the parade that was always at California Adventure.
 And then they moved paint the night to California back to the other park.
  So for Pixar Fest, Pixar Play moved from the place where Pixar Pier is.
 Yes.
 Now it's in Disneyland.
 But Pixar Fest is happening at both parks, not just Pixar Pier Park.
 Oh, so Pixar Play Parade is at Disneyland.
  But the new Incredibles float is in Paint the Night, which is at California Adventure.
 So the new float in the parade is in Paint the Night, but is not in the Pixar Play Parade.
 There's no new float in Pixar Play Parade, which is in Disneyland, not in California Adventure.
  It's still an unpleasant parade.
 There's a little bit of blood coming out of Scott's ear.
 I don't know what that is.
 I'm one more name.
 I'm one more Pixar, some more Pixar plaza away from falling on the ground and seizureing.
  Let's just slow down.
 I will just say the names of the things we said and you will tell us where they are.
 Pixar Pier is where? California Adventure.
 Great.
 Disney California Adventure, which doesn't have an apostrophe or an S, damn it.
  That's right.
 Pixar Play Parade is where? It was in Disney California Adventure and now it's in Disneyland Park.
 Uh huh.
 But Pixar Fest is where? It is in both parks.
 That's correct.
 Disneyland Resort.
 Resort wide.
  Where's the new Incredibles float?  I think it's a trick.
 So I think it's in the in the Paint the Night parade.
 See you know all of it.
 I'm following you.
 Paradise Gardens Park famously is the non-Pixar related area.
 And of course, Paradise Pier Hotel has not been renamed.
 Oh God, I forgot about the hotel.
  It's still, it's still, there's a hotel named after a part of the park that no longer exists.
 Pixar Pier, Paradise Pier Hotel, Paradise Gardens Park.
 What's going on? Disney.
 This is the loudest I've gotten on the podcast ever.
 Feel free to check my levels.
  I'm upset.
 I gotta check.
 Oh yeah.
 This is what's supposed to be sending me to Disneyland for the summer braving the hottest temperature ever recorded.
 It's like much, much hotter than the opening day where women's heels melted into the concrete.
 I'm supposed to go there now to see all of these confusing pea brands.
  Coffee spilled.
 It's coming apart.
 In all fairness, it's also supposed to distract you a year from now when you are waiting to get into what could be the most immersive themed experience ever created.
 It better be after all this shit.
  You're supposed to be waiting in line for the Incredicoaster while eating, you know, an angry dog, which is a spicy corn dog now available.
 Those brands are clear at least.
 Do you, well, okay.
 You guys went.
 We went on the Sunday after it opened.
  Just to to just stemming from angry dog, which is themed after the anger Lewis Black character from Inside Out.
 Would you guys like to talk about the food, which me having not been, it seems like from the sound of it, maybe the Pixar Pier food is one of the more successful elements of Pixar Pier.
  Yeah, we can do that.
 So, yeah, let's build to the Incredicoaster.
 So the food.
 So I had an angry dog.
 It was a spicy hot dog and I liked it.
 It's a little stand.
  But here's the thing with the food, all the food.
 I feel like there's some catches.
 So the angry dogs, the little stand, they have like a big like I've been they served it to you with flaming hot Cheetos fries, which are kind of like Andy caps hot fries, not flaming hot Cheetos flaming hot Cheetos fries.
  I don't know if we are dusting the.
  But not french fries.
 It's like a bag like a bag of chips.
  Essentially, so you're saying it's it's confusing theming that doesn't let you know what you're actually getting.
  Much like the land you're getting them in.
  So, but I think it's clever.
 Oh, it's a hot.
 It's a spicy hot dog spicy chips.
  Sir, but what are they fries? They're not for like they're hot Cheetos.
  They're like hot Cheetos, but they're shaped like fries.
  Like the Andy caps hot fries.
 Do you guys eat Andy caps hot fries?  Jason is referencing a comic strip character, Andy Cap from 1950s.
 What? It's a snack food.
  I know it is.
 I'm just saying that where adventure in the world.
  Jason's family bought in the 1950s a stockpile of Andy Cap hot fries and he's been eating them.
  This is another one of my weird regional things.
  Anyway, so you so you get the spicy food and then there's a big condiment and it's they got ketchup and spicy ketchup, mustard and spicy mustard like buffalo salt.
  So but here's the thing.
 So there's this row of like condiment dispensers to like customize your hot dog.
  It is directly next to a standing bar where you can like stand for a couple minutes and eat your hot dog.
  But they share the same like physical spit.
  So like as people are trying to quickly get in and out and dress their dog, there's also people lingering to stay.
  So it's just like, wait, how did you this is like if you put a wall on that standing bar, then people can only stand on one side and then you would clear.
  Like it's a weird logistical thing.
  And Jason, you're using your mark.
 You have your Marcus Limonis helmet on right now and I appreciate it.
  I would be shaking his head and crossing his arms.
  Well, real hard about this came up again at Jack Jack's Cookie Num Num, which is I I'm still trying to process my feelings on Jack Jack's Cookie Num Nums.
  Mike, you've been to Jack Jack's twice now.
  Jack Jack's what? Yeah, Jack Jack's Cookie Num Num, which is they you know, it's a part of the narrative on the ride.
  And then at the end of the ride, you get to in the movie, in the movie as well.
  And then you can go to Pixar Pier and get a Jack Jack's Cookie Num Num.
  Yeah.
 So it's a cookies and milk stand, which is kind of clever.
  I again, that's an interesting idea.
 Sure.
  It's an interesting idea to have cookies and milk in the park.
  I feel like they don't have like a designated cookies and milk like experience.
  Well, you're saying that you can get cookies and milk in the park everywhere, except they don't have it dedicated together in one stand.
  So, yes, that is a new thing, I guess.
 So I have been you pulled it off, everybody.
  So so I went down with you and we had a few things.
  And I will also I will reveal this.
 I follow the Disney Parks blog on Twitter.
  And what that means is that sometimes they have opportunities for, you know, one hundred and fifty to two hundred people to sign up and get a free special event.
  And of course, I have my Twitter set to give me an alert when a tweet happens from the Disney Parks blog.
  So I can get first dibs on something like a crazy experience for free.
  You you switched out your Amber Alerts that alerts you to a kidnapped child.
  And now your phone vibrates and sirens at you when there's a Disney Parks blog event.
  It's it's exactly the same.
 There's a new candy apple, Michael.
 Get down here.
  And candy apple.
 So I was driving a car and I saw an alert in this.
 I swear to God, I was at a light.
  I looked down, alert, an alert popped up and it said Pixar Pier Meetup.
  I grabbed my phone, hit the button.
 It went right to like put in your email.
 I didn't even see what the event was, what the day was.
  I didn't care.
 I know you got to move fast on one of these things.
  Put my email in and submit it and said, you've been accepted to the Pixar Pier Meetup.
 And I was like, great.
 I'll see what the date was later.
  And of course, it was July 2nd.
 Collided with an elderly woman crossing the street.
 James Dean's spider.
  It was worth it, though, for that free event that I got to go to.
 And I went with Lindsay.
  I did not take either of my co-hosts to this event.
 I apologize, but sometimes I have to, you know, take the woman that is my significant other.
  Sometimes.
 Much to Jason's chagrin.
 Jason was probably upset with me.
 Thanks for nothing, Dad.
  He thinks of me as a father figure.
 I know that.
 I hate you, Dad.
  So we went down and they do these like I really shouldn't tell the audiences because people are going to now set alerts for Disney Parks blog.
  And it's going to be even harder to get a reservation to someplace like this.
 And I've done this a couple of times.
  So you so basically we go in at 730.
 They give you a free admission to California Adventure, which is amazing, which I did not need.
  But like you get free admission.
 Wait, if you sign up for this thing, you get the park for free.
  Well, depending on what time the event is.
 But yeah, for like it's starting at 730.
 You got just free admission to California Adventure.
  After four or five.
 So you get like.
 Oh, it's a limited amount of time.
 That's how long I like to go for.
  But the one I did in 2014 was early in the morning and it was free.
  And that's when I didn't have a pass just kind of coincidentally.
 And it was for all day at Disneyland.
  Like we had a whole free day and they gave us a bunch of free stuff.
 This will be this.
  This system is over because you talked about it.
 They say you won't hear this and they will end it by day's end of this.
  I really I should just cut this out.
 Just mute a couple of the words on parks or blog.
  And if you heard a bleep for either of those, you know which one we settled on.
  So so this particular event, we went at 730.
 They give you we got like we got free stuff, which is crazy when you go to Disney because you don't get free stuff that often.
  We got free.
 I'm showing the showing you guys.
 We got free Pixar Fest years with Edna and the mode on one ear and Jack Jack on the other.
  And then you kind of kind of the buddies, the buddy duo of the new movie.
  So that's very, that's very cute.
 Their partnership.
 Yes.
  And so so they they the event basically was like, hey, here's here's free reservations to paint the night parade, which we did not go to.
  Then we went because we went to the new restaurant.
  Also, the back of these hats has the silhouettes of some of the Pixar characters and they all take me a sec to figure out.
  Especially this splat over this mustard stain over on the far right.
 Can you even tell what that is?  I mean, I think you'll get it from here.
 I can't.
  I think it is one of the other fish.
 I want to say it's Nemo, but it could also be my dad.
  Yeah, that it's even in question.
 Nemo's Nemo's.
  I think it's friends.
 So Pixar Fest is about celebrating friendship and beyond.
 So it's Woody and Buzz, Doug and boy and Dory and adult manfish.
  So for the celebration of friendship, you chose to go with your girlfriend instead of your best bro, Jason.
  Yeah, he betrayed the sentiments of the hat.
  You fool.
 I know.
 I'm sorry.
  Also, I set you up to talk about Jack Jack's Cookie Num Nums, not to write an Iliad-like story about.
  Well, I have to explain how I got to experience two different type of Jack Jack's Cookie Num Nums.
  So, yeah.
 So all I'm saying is that there's this event.
 We got to see Imagineers talk about Pixar Pier and then what they did.
  And I'll show you.
 I have the remnants of it is that we got a lanyard that had like a little tab on it for a free each thing that they have at Pixar Fest, a free Jack Jack's Cookie Num Num.
  But not in Paradise Gardens Park.
 No, no.
 So I'm saying I got to do.
 I had a Jack Jack's Cookie Num Num with you.
  And then when at this event, I got to try the shortbread cookie as well.
 Yeah, that's really what I was leading to.
  So, I mean, the Jack, the classic Jack Jack's Cookie Num Num, the word classic.
  You used to refer to something that is two weeks old.
 It's a deep dish chocolate chip cookie served warm.
  Brown butter chocolate chip cookie, I believe, as well.
  Brown butter, I think that's right.
 Yeah.
 And more like a chocolate chunk cookie, I should say.
 It's chunks, not chips.
  I'm a big chocolate chip cookie guy.
 I thought it was delicious.
 I love that it's an option in the park.
 Not terribly expensive.
  But to put my Marcus Lemotis hat on, there were some problems with Jack Jack's Cookie Num Nums and kind of Paradise Pier at large.
  Pixar Pier? Sorry, Pixar Pier.
 See, this is a nightmare.
  It is literally a stand right after you after you get off the roller coaster.
  And the queue is just stand next to the roller coaster.
 There's no and there's no shade as far as the eye can see.
  So it was I think it was only like 80 degrees or something when you and I were there waiting in line for Cookie Num Nums.
  But what which Jack Jack's Cookie Num Num? Sorry, sorry to confuse you.
  So we are sitting and there's not a cloud in the sky.
  We are sitting just just in the raw Orange County sun to be sweating to then be served a hot Cookie Num Num.
  And the beverage object Jack Jack's Cookie Num Num.
  The beverage options at this cart are milk or milk substitutes.
  Strawberry milk, which is what I got.
  Strawberry milk.
 Yeah.
  Both times, by the way.
  So you're saying milk was a bad choice.
  Yeah.
 So I'm saying yeah.
  As the funny guy in your office says too much, milk was a bad choice.
  And you get your choice of milk, interestingly, to paraphrase Ron Burgundy on this on this land.
  Yes, choice of cookie and one milk offering.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I got a milk.
  Well, both Lindsay and I got a lanyard too.
  So we both got a milk offering.
  We've got a different milk.
  Your lanyard got you a milk offering from locale 1B from the Disney dining Pixar Parks blog.
 God, I can't.
  I'm getting dyslexia from this episode.
  I can't my brain can't retain any more dull specifics.
  Yeah, there's too many in this episode.
  I'm so sorry to some of the listeners.
  We'll provide a transcript.
  We'll write it all out.
  Mike, when you and I were there, did we also wait like 25 minutes for Jack Jack's Cookie Nums?  It felt like a while.
  It was a while.
 I mean, this is also one of the first weekends.
  So people were very excited to try it.
  So, yeah, but it was a while and it was in the heat and the cookie I thought was good.
  It was good.
 It's probably the best of all the new things they have there.
  Yeah.
  Is it amazing? Is it a revelation? Is it as good as a Pizzucchi from BJ's?  I don't think it is.
  And I think it probably costs as much.
  I'm sure it does cost as much.
  And I understand you can't get like a give everyone a hot skillet.
  No, no, you don't want a hot skillet.
  Because if you don't know it, this wonderful chain restaurant called BJ's is like a hot skillet cookie with some ice cream on top.
  And it's delicious.
 It's the best hot cookie I've ever had.
  I think it's a superior num num.
  Yeah, it's a better num num than Jack Jack's cookie num nums.
  So we stood in the hot sun to eat warm cookies and cold ish milk.
  Here's the whole milk offerings.
  But like put some umbrellas in that line.
  Like it's the it's it's going to be summer for a while.
  And then my other thing about Jack Jack's cookie num nums, as you are finally getting to get your cookie num num,  you've got a great view of this industrial pipe covered in tape right above the the queue.
  Yeah, there's a lot.
 So yeah.
  So this is no shot at the Imagineers or anything, but it's clear that this time wise was such a crunch that everything is not finished.
  They had a deadline before they had an assessment of what they had to build.
  The roller coaster could have used a full repaint, just the white part of the roller coaster.
  Like some of that looks like it's old.
  So you're I mean, the fish stinks from the head down here.
  It's not there's I'm sure a lot of good Imagineers worked hard on this thing.
  And I saw them talk about what they had to achieve in a short amount of time.
  And probably with Imagineering staff all over the map with all of the projects going on globally.
  You know, maybe they didn't get to give all the love to Pixar Pier that they that they should have.
  Yes, I think that we would never blame Imagineers, the hardworking, the workers that maybe had to paint and had to do all this stuff.
  Yeah, I would lay the blame solely at the feet of Bob Chapek, head of parks and resorts.
  Oh, you know, he's the one who gave them a deadline and gave them an amount of money and gave.
  He's the guy that obviously put all this stuff in place and maybe it was impossible.
  Maybe didn't give enough, you know, like people and man hours.
  And but you're we're still fishing for more free stuff and early access to things.
  And yet we're calling out Bob Chapek specifically.
  I think that Bob, if he's a businessman, he respects that we have the balls to do this and that he that he knows we're watching him.
  And out of respect, Bob Chapek will say, well, I don't always agree with these theme park journalists, but we need them to cover and keep me honest.
  That's what I'm hoping, at least.
  So with that said, just to remind her, the adorable snowman frosted treats, lemon ice is dog shit.
  That's wrong, by the way.
 It's not dog shit.
 That's wrong.
  It's bad.
  It's not bad.
  Guys, Jason, make your argument and Mike, make your rebuttal.
  All right, Jason, you go first.
  It's bad and it upset me and I don't want to have it again.
  Great argument, Mike.
  Well, I liked it and I thought it tasted pretty good.
  What?  Yes, it was tart.
 It was a little too tart.
  I'll tell you this, though.
  It's less tart than when you had it, because, again, I've had it twice now.
  I had the regular cone with the tart ice cream and then the white chocolate dip, which is very minuscule amount of white chocolate.
  But then I got the full one that has the tart new soft serve and that blue slush crap in it.
  And I thought that the ice cream itself was less tart.
  Now, I think they made a bit of an adjustment the day we were there.
  Maybe they had the machine set to like 75 percent tart and that was too much.
  And now it's maybe down to 50 and it's much better.
  It's a much more to again put on the phrase.
  I'm invoking the Marcus helmet.
  You only get one chance with most consumers.
  Most people make their decision the first time around.
  And, you know, though though, I do want to hold Jason to the standard of theme park journalism where he has to go back and eat a dessert.
  He didn't like another time to make sure that the machine is running more efficiently this time around.
  Most people, most regular folks are not going to do that.
  And you got to set your you're going to set your tartometer correctly the first time.
  That's why you have to have the proper process in place and the right people and the right people.
  The best product that's probably can't see at Pixar Pier or Paradise Gardens Park.
  Now, now that you said that and I am likely more forgiving than the average consumer, maybe I'll give it another shot.
  But I'll try that eight dollar option with a bunch of blue crap.
  That's what I had.
 And I had a complimentary because of the Pixar Pier meetup.
  But even the day when we had it, that it was a little too tart, I still didn't think it was dog shit.
  Dog shit is maybe some other another thing I had.
  Oh, well, I don't say I wouldn't say dog shit.
  I don't use language like that when I'm describing this stuff.
  But you didn't like the dog's dog shit.
  Just call it worms and dirt guys.
 Worms and dirt has worked for 30 years.
  It's just a bowl of the reinvent.
 Just a bowl of beans.
  Doug's dog.
 It costs 1250.
  I'll say I didn't love the angry dog, Jason.
 No.
  And here's here's what I'll say.
 And I'm not trying to play one up.
  I'm not trying to get back at you for what you just did to the adorable Stoneman's Frosted Treats, Dan.
  But the angry dog, it's nothing.
 It's not it's it's it's the laziest thing I think on the pier.
  It's it's just like I'm like a mildly spicy hot dog, but it looks just like a hot dog I got when I played soccer when I was in third grade.
  I'm not saying it's a revelatory.
 I'm just saying it's a nice it's a nice step up from the default Disney hot dog.
  But it's like a little more a little more so just the basic boring hot dog.
  Like, as I said to Lindsay, I said, you know what they need? They need like a bun or something.
  They need something like fun, like like a like a cheddar, like habanero or jalapeno bun, a poofier bun.
  Don't make this look like everything is just like tinfoil crammed hot dog that you would like somebody would grill up for a bunch of kids after they played sports.
  Oh, no, go ahead.
 No, I mean, I think that's great.
 I think the resort wide, they need kind of a bun upgrade for hamburgers and hot dogs.
  Now, I agree.
 Now, finally, we can come together here and agree that resort wide a bun upgrade is necessary.
  These buns look soggy.
 They look cheap.
 I don't think it would take more than a couple cents to do a puffier bun that made this feel more like a meal.
  It can dress up the fact that it's a cheap hot dog.
 I would pay an extra 50 cents for a brioche.
  OK, I feel like brioche are once you start seeing brioche at like McDonald's and Burger King, it's ubiquitous.
  There's a way to churn it out in large quantities and cheap.
 Yeah.
  Scott, have you ever noticed that the buns are lacking at the Disneyland Resort?  I have to admit my hot dog intake has increased, has decreased significantly since my childhood.
  However, I appreciate your passion on it.
 And I think this is a good use of the extra profit that Disney has lying around.
  So I'm going to say number one, get those buns better.
 Number two, try to raise rates for Disney minimum wage employees.
  But let's let first things first, the bun issue.
 It's easier with the bun to get the buns up, I think.
  So, yeah, do take care of the buns and then get around to paying everyone more than nine dollars an hour.
  Yeah, so make more profits from the better buns.
 Right.
 The word is going to spread.
  We're going to once the buns are fixed, we'll get on here.
 We will tell our audience they did it.
  Thank you, Bob Chapek, for listening and paying attention.
 I mean, at least we're past the wheat bun phase.
  I feel like there was a time where like the burgers and hot dogs all came on like like wheat bread is the thing of the moment.
  And like even Disney tried it.
 And it's just like, oh, this is terrible.
  Like this is yeah, wheat buns are not significantly different.
  This is a side issue.
 But the only time a year really I have a hot dog is that is at the Los Angeles Open Golf Tournament,  which I go to with my dad every year at the Riviera Country Club.
  And the hot dog situation there is aggressively poor.
 Food lines also in the sun, unshaded, that go back and back,  that take half an hour of time that you could be watching golfers like Jordan Spieth make or possibly miss putts.
  So if anyone listening has any influence on the Los Angeles Open Golf Tournament, just go back to the it used to be hot dogs.
  You just grabbed out of a tray and then went and paid twelve dollars for let's go back to that.
  Now, that's a sidetrack.
 But if we're if this episode is going to be full of hot dog passion, then I feel like I should probably convey mine.
  Is the would you say that that that the whatever that is the golf tournament? Do they need a bun upgrade?  Absolutely.
 The buns are the buns have been weak for a long time and I've watched it happen for like I've gone every year since the early 90s.
  And I've watched I think there's been a much sharper decline in bun quality than in hot dog, the hot dog quality than Frank quality, I guess you would say.
  He's getting sad, sadder.
 No, I mean, it's a low standard of excellence for hot dog.
  Go to like a grocery store and you buy a pack of hot dogs, you buy a pack of buns, you go into a barbecue like those buns are like a dollar.
  Yes.
 And it's not it's it's you just need something to hold the hot dog and toppings.
 That's really what you want.
  Yeah.
 And the presentation is what I'm talking about, too.
 It's just wrapped like give me a little something.
  Put it not in the tin foil, but give it in a little paper tray.
 Those little recyclable paper trays that makes it look nice.
 The impression of an upgraded product.
  I want optics to be better on this, too.
 You know, it's funny.
  There's been that naked burger trend for a long time.
 We get and get it in a lettuce wrap instead of a bun.
  This has never been desired for a hot dog.
 No one has ever wanted a naked hot dog.
  And maybe if you found a way to wrap it in a pickle, but there's no way for the pickle to not overpower the hold on.
  I got to see you.
 Wait a minute.
  Draw out your concepts.
 Maybe this maybe this pickle spiral will end up looking appealing.
  I think that's actually a good idea.
 I kind of like it.
 Yeah.
  How do you hold it together? You got to fuse it together.
 There's got to be some fondant equivalent.
  I'm picturing like a full dill pickle that you cut a triangle out of and you put the hot dog in that.
  Now, that functions as a bond.
 But again, you're getting pickle on three sides and hot dog only on one.
  But then it really is a pickle that happens to have a hot dog in it, which sounds terrible.
  If there's some spiral that where it's like it's like a shish kebab situation with a wedge of pickle, a wedge of pepper, a wedge of tomato.
  That's delightful.
 Yeah.
  I think we're developing an interesting.
 We're still workshopping in here, but this some like hot dog spiral notion.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, we'll start working that out and we'll announce our plans in future episodes.
  That would be great for Pixar because the hot dog is friends with the pickle.
 He's friends with the peppers.
  Friends with the tomato.
 That's the sort of upgraded product you want at a Pixar pier.
 Yeah, that's true.
  So this is friendship and beyond.
 We're celebrating the friendship between hot dogs and condiments and then and beyond what could be on mean.
  We're the only ones brave enough to imagine it.
  We'll have we'll have these out for you guys to purchase before we have T-shirts.
  We're going to get into the hot dog game.
  Are we going to mail these to people as this business going to work? That's a good question.
  We'll figure that out.
 We'll call.
 We haven't talked.
  We have to talk about to what is this? We haven't you know, we haven't talked about is the fucking roller coaster.
  There's actually a lot more to talk about before we get to the roller coaster.
  So I'm not rushing to get there.
 I'm just saying if fans might be thinking any listeners might be thinking.
  I mean, I think it's clearly like the thing of the land.
  So probably best to build as I said, senior buzzes churros.
  How were they? You had one.
 OK, so saying your buzzes churros again got them complimentary because of the Pixar appear meetup.
  Lindsay got a normal churro, just cinnamon sugar.
  These are giant, too.
 I mean, you've seen these at the party.
  These are not small churros.
 These are like a foot long.
  I got the red hot churro because I had to try the silliest one.
  And that is literally like a churro just dipped in red hots, the candy red hots.
  It's bright neon red and it is good.
  It is fun for half of it.
 It's fun for half of it.
  But it's a lot if you like it's honestly I liked it better than the hot dog, which I was expecting to hate it because I was like this is I don't really.
  Red hots are kind of good, but this is a lot happening.
  I would say high praise talking about the blue crap.
 The abominable snow treats are better because it has blue crap.
  Yeah, the blue crap was fine.
 Red hots are kind of good.
  Yeah.
 So so I would say the red hots would be good.
 Share it.
  It's a fun novelty if you have a significant other or one of your best pals, you know, start in the middle.
  It's just it's a lot.
 It's a lot of sugary.
  I think it's a fun idea, though, in the senior buzz is a fun little thing from Toy Story 3.
  I'll say this though.
 So and it's named after him.
  So yes.
 Let's say this senior buzz churro stand is the worst themed stand there.
  It's flat.
 It looks like it's just like kind of drawn on.
  It doesn't have any like like, for instance, angry dogs has anger from inside out and it's a 3D little version of him.
  Oh, it's good.
 Yeah.
 And it's got, yeah, is like steam coming out in a big hot dog over his brain,  which is like if you saw a picture of what Jason is thinking about most of the day, it would look similar to this.
  So, yeah, you will post a picture of it.
 But this the stand is by far the weakest stand.
  It looks pretty cheap.
 Again, not blaming the Imagineers for it.
 They're wonderful people.
  No, but I was going to say the I think the nicest stand theme wise, I have not eaten yet.
  And you have a comically long story about why you have not eaten there.
  The poultry palace, right? It looks like a little takeout box.
  So, yes, it's still kind of thematically doesn't fit with the land, which is all kind of like Victorian.
  And like also there's this cartoon box of chicken just sitting in the middle of there.
  That is at least something kind of elaborate.
 What does this have to do with Pixar?  Oh, yeah, it's from from something movie.
  It's one of the fictional chains in one of the Pixar movies, like Pizza Planet.
  Poultry Palace is like everything is double piece.
  Pixar Pier Paradise Park.
 Oh, yeah.
  Oh, it's from a Toy Story short called Small Fry, where there's like a happy meal versions of Buzz Lightyear and Emperor's.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 OK.
  That's where that comes from.
 And there's a store also that's named after the the it's Nick's Nax,  which is named after the snowman and one of the first shorts, the snowman and a snow globe in one of the early Pixar shorts.
  Yes, that's true.
 Which I think is kind of neat and a cool way.
  Those I've read about how those those early Pixar shorts were like so important to the development of this medium.
  And they would show you'd show up at this thing called SIGGRAPH that where people showed off new developments in computer animation.
  And people would show like a 360 shot of a head or something like these things were sometimes.
  Now you think it's nothing, but they but they were actually like technological massive leaps forward.
  Right.
 That Pixar that they showed up with stories, a story about a bee or about a snowman and takes you to a world.
  Yeah, they like yeah, you cannot underestimate the importance of those old shorts.
  And even they I think some of them were like, oh, this can be the future.
  But I know from reading one of the Steve Jobs biographies, a lot of the thought was like, well, this will help us sell the render band software.
  This is a proof of concept.
 Look what you can do.
  Oh, yeah, because the point of Pixar was not that that's why it is bizarre if you back up and there's a whole area named after Pixar at a theme park.
  Pixar was once like the most functional company and Lucas bought it for a while and did nothing with it and couldn't figure out how to make it work for him.
  And then Steve Jobs took it in this this direction that became there like one of the primary storytelling brands.
  It's kind of insane when you think about the whole history.
  I do have to wonder what he would think of this area.
  What jobs would think? What would you say about poultry palace?  I yeah, well, far my baby has come.
  Famously, Tony Baxter said that Steve Jobs rode the Nemo sub ride.
  And he said like that he was expecting Steve Jobs to come off and just give him the normal like great job.
  Good.
 Thanks so much.
 See you later.
  Whatever.
 But he like pointed immediately pointed out one of the flaw.
  Like he immediately pointed out what was the weakest part of the ride.
  Like, you know, that one part was not so good.
 Oh, and that's all he did.
  So I would imagine if he if he thought there was a problem, he would say something.
  Yeah, that that is kind of a similar complaint about the buns.
  I like the first two.
  The devil's advocate is like, well, that's just kind of how it was.
  And if he gave a comment like that, that meant he really engaged with it that he saw that.
  And the other side is that like, well, he was kind of a notorious asshole.
  Sure.
 So I wish that he had survived to be able to present all of these new food items at the keynotes.
  And one more thing cut to Churro covered in red.
  Scott, let me ask you.
 I want to know, what do you think?  So poultry pals, it's just a stand.
 OK, it's a quick takeaway, like snack kind of thing.
  What do you think? So, you know, there's only three to four menu items at that kind of stand.
  They can only stock so much and they want to get you in and out.
  What do you think they are? What do you think is for sale there?  The chip, the the quickest kind of chicken you would have to think are nuggets or fingers or popcorn bites or what have you.
  Not available.
 What? All right.
 You lured me in.
  What's instead? Traditional theme park turkey leg.
  That makes sense.
 OK.
 The main thing they're slinging is a box of three fried chicken drumsticks and a cup of coleslaw.
  Huh? That famous meal we all know and love.
  And where do you eat it? You're on your own friend.
  Boy, Marcus would be as angry as anger himself.
  You know what else that means? There are trash cans around this stand that will just fill up all day with thin cardboard boxes covered, filled with chicken bones.
  I think what might happen to Pixar Pier is what happens to like the floor of like a Hooters or a dirtier like chicken place where you just throw the bones on the floor.
  Pixar Pier will just be covered in bone.
  That's kind of fun.
 You feel like you're some kind of like conqueror of empires as you walk through there.
  You can imagine you killed.
 They're all people that you you had murdered.
  You're as powerful as Chapec.
  And full disclosure, none of us have had this Pixar, the poultry palace chicken.
  The reviews are not good, which is insane to me because right across the way at in Disneyland on Main Street, you can get some of the best fried chicken I have ever eaten.
  Yeah.
 So so we didn't have the poultry palace because what happened was we basically had after going to for that, the meetup thing, we after seeing Imagineer speak,  they basically for an hour and a half let us loose in Pixar Pier.
  It was awesome because there was like 150 people.
  So we go on any ride as much as we wanted.
 And we like to ride any of the three three Toy Story mania was open to the fun.
  Yeah.
 The fun one that's been there for years.
  Oh my God.
 These names.
 So so we had already eaten dinner and we were like, how are we going to eat all this food?  It's insane.
 You know, don't that's an option.
  We had to try it all.
 And also the thing is like to add add more of a wrinkle to this problem.
  I had just flown in from Chicago where I went to a baseball game the day before where a friend of mine had a very good tickets.
  And there's a thing called Club 1914 at Wrigley Field where you can eat all you want and drink all you want.
  So I was in another situation two days in a row, 48 hours where I gorged myself on food and treats.
  Mike Carlson, the most sympathetic.
 I know I'm too many free meals to eat.
  I'm saying he's a member of the leisure class.
  That boy, that's deep.
 That's a refer.
 That's the film from Project Greenlight that I don't really remember that well.
  I'm assuming it's about like rich people with too much time on their hands or like it's a bad guy.
  He's eating hot dogs.
 Got too many hot dogs to meet to eat cross country.
  Well, I have to watch this.
 So, yeah, look, don't feel sorry for me.
  I'm just saying that I had a horrible headache the night of the baseball game because of overindulging.
  And then I flew to Los Angeles where, again, I was for again, I in my mind forced to eat six or seven free things.
  And because again, I'm a theme park journalist, so I need to try them out so we could discuss the audience is what you're doing.
  And listening is responsible for your body trauma.
  Much like I blamed you guys for not correcting me on the Tiki Room, I am blaming the audience for making me eat all this free stuff like our president.
  It's never your fault.
 Yes, that's what I'm saying.
 I'm just like the president.
  So we so so we were running out of time.
 We were like standing and like trying to eat stuff and we're like, we only have 20 minutes left.
  We should go on the rides again.
 That's actually better.
  We should just sort of like and then like the Pixar, excuse me, the poultry palace line was by far the longest because I think everybody put it off.
  Everyone in the everyone was like, yeah, we'll get to the chicken later.
  Well, it comes in a box with handles so you could take it home.
  Well, that was fried chicken.
 We made a big hot or cold.
  Excuse my language.
 We made a big fucking mistake.
  We should have gotten that poultry palace first to get the box and then loaded in things to take home later.
  That would have been a great idea, but we didn't do it because to say it again, we made a big fucking mistake and we were so we honestly we were we were like, that's what we should have done because we had like eaten half of everything and thrown a lot of stuff away because there's no way.
  There's no way I can eat a full churro, a hot dog, a blue and yellow thing, three drumsticks, a cookie num num, a thing of milk, water and the meal I'd already eaten at Lamplight Lounge.
  I'm so confused how you're not obese.
  You're you're an in shape man.
 I've only I've had many a meal with you been out many times.
  Yeah.
 I've only seen you eat horse shit.
  I've never seen a reasonable some plates like I have seen him.
  You're very lucky is what I'm saying.
 I am very lucky.
 I don't I have to like I walk like three miles every morning and I like pound water all day long just to maintain this.
  Look, I look it's not like I don't have to do anything.
 You know, maybe I starve myself on the days that I don't eat a bunch of bullshit, a bunch of sprinkled.
  If there's sprinkles or multi colors, I have to eat it.
 I am a child.
 I acknowledge that.
  You were you had a meal with the Doughboys and they referenced it on their podcast and they said they had a lot of sprinkles in it.
  That's kind of a child's meal, but I thought it was good anyway.
  Yeah, yeah, Liger did or say it was a child's meal and I don't disagree with that.
  I'm just trying to live the way I wanted to live when I was five and I'm getting pretty close to it.
  You know, that's all getting pretty close.
 That's what we're all doing.
  So, yeah, yeah, don't don't feel sorry for me.
  Well, let's you mentioned it.
  This is a one thing that people have been saying is a highlight of Pixar Pier is Lamplight Lounge.
  Yes, a very nicely designed formerly the Cove Bar and Ariel's Grotto.
  Now it's all just kind of one.
 It all kind of connects and it's all got the same design style.
  It is a separate restaurant and bar still.
  Yeah, it's so I had never eaten at Ariel's Grotto.
 I don't think you guys have either.
  No, no, but we have been to the Cove Bar many times.
  Sure.
 One of our favorite places, I think, in Disney's California Adventure.
  It's right by the water, right by the pier.
 You get your lobster nachos.
  I think you've both probably seen me get Mickey's Funwheel, the secret cocktail that's multicolored.
  A brightly colored child's alcohol drink.
  That's correct.
  If you had to visualize it.
  What are they going to call that drink now?  I think it might be called the same thing.
  I think it's a secret because they can't put Mickey in the title of an alcoholic drink on a menu.
  Oh, oh.
  But it's like it's the Pixar's flavor pals.
  It's five flavors all being pals together.
  Yeah, the colors are friends.
  You're staying late tonight.
 We have a deadline tomorrow.
  We're all staying late now.
  There are a lot of menu items at Lamplight Lounge where it's like, this is what the anime like.
  This is named after like like Deadline or yeah, like short, like all like terms that might get thrown around  at Pixar or like explain one meal called Don't Touch My Leg, John.
  You know, stuff you'd hear on Pixar, that type of thing.
  Hug your wife, not me.
  I'll take the hug your wife, not me.
  Explain this to your your sons.
  Look them in the eye and explain your choices to your family.
  Yeah.
  If we ordered the get a let a woman talk cocktail.
  Yeah, I the the idea.
  I didn't know this till I read it.
  So I was paragraphs deep in a LA Times article that the theme of the Lamplight Lounge is that you're in a Pixar break area.
  It's like a bar where the animators and stuff would hang out.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
 So the idea you want to be just where you want to be 18 with everything we've learned, just a place where all the Pixar people are getting loose.
  Oh, and did you know there's a secret room called the office that like locks for the outside.
  There's like a crazy combination lock.
  You got the Matt Lauer button is inside in case you want to be alone.
  It looks it looks like, yeah, there's a lot of drawings inside or a lot of sketches and signatures and all that kidding aside, the idea of a secret room and a Disney restaurant is awesome.
  Yeah, sure.
  That's always bought because of the Pixar connection.
  It seems like I don't know if it's open yet.
  Yeah, I think that like there's I don't know how you get in yet.
 There's a whole like kind of like a slot machine system on the door that like you pull it and like if you get, you know, there might be clue or you're given clues yourself.
  I don't know.
 It's it's going to be a thing you can reserve.
  And it's like a it is.
 Yeah, it's just a dining room.
 It's just a private dining room.
  There's little ones like at the Carthay.
 I've eaten in one.
 There's little like side rooms with only one table in them.
  And yeah, so so yeah, the lamp light lounge.
 Yeah, the top floor is still basically the same just repainted as the cove bar.
 But then below it's like very brick.
 It's very modern gastro pub.
 That's what everything is now.
  L.
A.
 gastro pub sort of thing.
  And they there's a lot of they've renamed there's a lot of new items on the menu they call the kids the kids menu budding artists and all the cocktails.
 There's a lot of fun cocktails.
  They have fun as we were saying names like the short plot twist over budget final with a fix the sequel Park Avenue sizzle reel.
  I don't want to hear about the fucking minions.
 Don't tell me how well Dreamworks did this year.
  The actual director goes uncredited for this film.
  The 25th rewrite throwing out half the movie because it's not working.
  Cal art students dragged on Bluth on the Internet.
  This is it's finally a restaurant that acknowledges it's it's close to being a restaurant themed after that secret shelved documentary that stings wife made.
  You know that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Which which movie is it about? What's it called? It's called something awful like you know it's it's called like the like the hell house or the cauldron.
  It's some like it's a name that describes that it seems to imply the Disney process is terrible and difficult.
 And what was it?  Was it the Emperor's New Groove? Because Sting was originally doing all of the songs for the movie Kingdom of the Sun.
 What was it right? Something like that became the Emperor's New Groove was a much more austere film with songs by Sting.
  And he and so though so I mean it follows the entire creative process of the movie but it's also kind of sting centric and it lets Sting complain to his wife about how badly it's all going and he ended up with like one song in the credits after like years of work and he was trying to get brand new day out the door.
  He was worried he was trying to get to he's trying to get Desert Rose out into the market and tour it and he's having a waste time with these these Disney.
  That was his comeback too.
 Oh yeah.
 And it all got delayed because of all the time he spent messing around with Disney.
  That reminds me listeners another documentary that you can find I think I think it's on YouTube at this point.
  Waking Sleeping Beauty if you haven't seen that like the resurgence of Disney animation some stuff in there also like not exactly a positive document like I mean it's fascinating to see how it all came together and what made everything work but there's so many shots of like yeah and then they crammed the animators in a barely air conditioned warehouse and by the Burbank Airport.
  Oh that's right because little like they animators had kind of sweeter digs on the Disney lot and they were considering killing the program altogether.
  Yeah and they got put into this kind of sweat lodge.
 Yeah.
  That's where the Little Mermaid was was birthed.
 Yeah they like worked their way out of it and by the time that classic period was done.
  There's now the incredibly very very nice Disney animation building that you see off the 134 freeway and Burbank with the big sorcerers hat.
  Yeah actually I think it I think I had that wrong I think it was Zootopia something very recent they put them for whatever reason they didn't have room for the production so they put them in an offsite location and they were like they made this big hit like by the runway of the Burbank Airport essentially.
  Weird.
  So these are the kind of conditions you can think about while you enjoy a meal at the lamp light lounge.
 I'll have a right next to the Burbank Airport runway please.
  Yeah.
 I'm assuming priced reasonably well a table service.
  I think you might be leading me on here.
 It's a little expensive.
 So the problem was we knew that we were about to have to gorge ourselves later.
 So I had this reservation it's very hard to get right now.
  So we just had some what they call bites you know not like a full meal.
  So Lindsey had the deviled eggs and toast which were basically like a couple hard boiled eggs and like toast for $12.
 And was like this.
 This really wasn't anything was it and I was like that's a bit of bummer.
  That wholesale rate is probably 50 cents worth of food.
  No yeah absolutely it was.
 And then I had tuna poke which was good but it was $18 and it's a small amount of poke and it's supposed to be like their appetizer.
 And it's like this is not $4 off this and then I feel a little bit better $4 or $5.
  But I like the poke fine and I got what did I get I got the it wasn't as fun of a name.
 I got the nectar in the rye drink which was like whiskey and you know some like peach fruit.
  Is that a play on catcher in the rye? Probably not right? Probably not.
  This is the thing that I noticed looking at the Lamplight menu.
 You all know I'm a thrifty man.
 But I give Disney like alright it's Disney Park I know you're gonna pay more.
  $21 spinach salad.
 Oh my god.
 Like the cheddar okay $22 burger alright well it's got like Tilla McCheddar on it and bacon and okay fine you upskip it.
  Like a chicken salad or like I don't this just seems a lot like it just seems like so much.
  Yeah yeah it seems a little expensive obviously I think I've read again read now that I think about it I've read that some of this stuff is good but these are all on these sites that I think might be bought and paid for.
  Not us obviously we've had real loose tongues this episode.
 Yeah we're like real cranky today or something.
 The whole thing we have to scrap this whole episode I think.
 For political purposes.
  Well the whole thing like you guys are talking about it's an okay cookie and all like that's this is why I can't just be at the theme parks all day every day because I like the restaurants are they're good for theme parks other than Cartway Circle.
  Other than a few options throughout the Disney Park universe like they aren't the best you don't get the best restaurants the best food in the world at these places.
  Yeah they're all at best they're very good impressions of real restaurants.
 Yeah and Disneyland is one of the better food programs of any theme parks.
  Yeah Florida is a lot more I feel like Florida is just getting around to cupcakes like they're just getting around to it was like a couple years ago they're like we have cronuts now and it's like okay yeah about four years after any major city they got around to grow not too little too late.
  I think the canteen in Pandora really ushered in like better food at Disney Disney World.
 That seems like a step up yes.
 Yeah like that's a good like I would have that meal if I could go walk to it.
  That looks good yeah you pick a protein pick a grain pick a sauce like that seems like actually what you probably should be eating to do these kind of like 10 hour days in the park.
 Yes a lot of protein high protein low carbs low sugar.
  But you seem to be implying that if if Pandora Grill became an option at your local mall or just if that if there were 100 locations you know US wide of Pandora Grill you'd be psyched.
  Oh yeah of course especially if they had a license though Avatar license.
 Yeah yeah I would go to a Saltooli canteen.
 Saltooli canteen we would go there every day.
  It'd be pretty exciting if Pandoran food landed and was like an equal to Mexican and Japanese.
 Sure.
 It's a it's if it was a legitimate genre of food that emanated out.
 I mean Disney World.
  I think it would be probably more like Navi food because Pandora's the planet and obviously a lot of different species have different types of food.
 So I'm just saying.
  So the food that you get there is the Navi's food.
 Yeah but well it depends on that but it's also the name of the place.
 That's true.
 You're right you're right.
  You can call it earthy.
 But I'm saying if we transported you know French food to another planet would they just say earth food.
 Yeah maybe.
 So they would say well earth food but it's specifically from the country of France.
  I suppose so.
 That's all I'm saying.
 Navi.
 OK so the restaurant's called Navi food but it's from Pandora.
 From Pandora by Pandora.
 By from and by Pandora.
 That's branding.
  The so the inside the Lamplight Lounge it's like a lot of brick.
 It looks like honestly like at night like it seemed cool like it would be cool to hang out at the bar down there.
 Like that seems fun.
 It's right by the water.
  The music in there seems like and I don't know if this reference makes any sense to everyone here.
 The music in there seems like the woman's clothing store Chico's a commercial for that clothing store like a lot of like 90s like kind of house beat seemingly like trying to be cool music like.
  So music that has no genre music that is nothing like a lot of things where like you can see they're like they'll like change how the drums sound like how the like they put like a lot of compression all of a sudden on the drums and then it becomes a difference.
  Like there's too much production going on in the music and it's supposed to sound hip but ultimately as you said like sounds like nothing like some of you use worse DJ.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Someone had the faintest memory of Samba and bossa nova musics.
 Yeah.
 It's like it's like very like it has no absolutely no soul to it all.
 And there's like so I because we went down there and I'm like oh they're going to be playing like and I get it they don't want to just play like Randy Newman songs from Pixar movies.
  Why not.
 But yeah.
 So maybe why not.
 We're like maybe that would have been better like me like instrumental covers or like the Incredibles music when they would like just the background music and the quieter loungy kind of kind of stuff.
  Yeah.
 Maybe there maybe we just got on a stretch of music that I was maybe they do have that somewhere.
 But so they put so it's a restaurant that plays really neutered hip hop has the most expensive spinach salad you ever had.
  It's themed after animators pulling long hours.
 And if you went to if you weren't lucky enough to be part of a free event if I if we went to Disneyland right now we're recording this on a Sunday afternoon if we got there by three o'clock how long are we waiting to get in the lamp.
  Friends parking structure is currently closed.
 Yes.
 Well first of all that's Lees Park at Dodger Stadium.
  We would wait for an hour to sit upstairs.
 But we wouldn't be able to go to this right now.
 Oh that's something I wanted to talk about.
 You have to get reservations for downstairs which is the full menu.
  OK.
 This is a thing that really but this is like this is terrible show to me and it's still going.
 We walked by it the day we were there.
 So the upstairs is a bar and just like a normal bar in the regular world.
 You just kind of got to wait.
 You know if it's crowded you got to wait for a seat to open up.
  But I'm like a bar in the regular world.
 You can't just stand around.
 So as you walk down this pier this brand new area there's just a mass of humanity.
 There's a line waiting to get into this bar and it was like that at the cove bar.
 It's the same way now.
  I don't understand why they don't just invest in that software for iPads where they just say like OK what's your name.
 All right.
 What's your phone number.
 All right.
 We'll text you when we're like 10 when your table's almost ready.
 Like why are they.
 They have that for inside with a reservation.
  So I'm assuming they'll roll that out at a certain point but it seems like they shouldn't make me.
 I.
 The way it was that seems shorter when we were there.
 So I don't know if they are doing that yet.
 OK.
  I don't.
 Yeah I don't understand why.
 I mean I guess in the park it's like oh well what if someone tries to go on Soorin on the other side of the park and then they get back and then they had to give the table away.
  But still like let people walk around or something like that just looks terrible to have this like brand new area and just like a snaking line as soon as you walk into it.
 That's like a terrible optics.
  Yeah sure.
 We'll see when you've had a nice stroll up to up to the line with the chicken bones pouring out of trash can stepping over cracking bones as you walk.
  It's crazy.
 I mean because they have it at the hotel restaurants.
 I see to remember like I feel like I when my family stayed at the Grand Californian they told us like all right we'll text you you can go to the lobby or go back to the room.
  Yeah I'm sure that'll be coming if it I would have already.
 Guys we're an hour and a half in and we've avoided the roller coaster in the place.
  So this is the last little bit right is that probably.
 So let's talk we've ridden the we both ridden the Incredicoaster now.
 Yes and the original California Screamin.
  Yes Scott have you ridden Screamin.
 I did.
 That's a launch coaster.
 When I had a girlfriend who made me do such things then yes I did.
 I ended up going on it a second time.
 I did like I like the rest of it enough to get me past the quick launch although not since 2005.
  So that's where I am now.
 So I've been on the Incredicoaster now four times.
 I went on three times at this event.
 I went twice in a row and then one at the end of the night when I was full of food.
  I just went on the once when we went and I went on during the day I've heard it's much better at night which kind of bugs me where it's like well you're supposed to build an attraction so it's great no matter when you go on it.
  Sure and the people that said much better at night let's just say better.
 OK.
 Let's not say it is not a revelation at night or anything.
 It's just that the colors are there and I also think that like since it's dark you can't see like the paint that needs to be repainted.
  On the coaster itself.
 So yeah so so the queue is all different.
 The queue is Incredibles and it's got the cool like retro we feel looks like their house now.
 Yeah that stuff all looks very cool and there's a new pre-show and stuff.
  These covers in line that are sort of throwback homages to like the old funky umbrellas that used to provide shade in Tomorrowland.
 They could use a few dozen more of these covers throughout the area.
  Most of your complaints today have been about shade.
 It's just it's it's a very exposed land.
 It's just in the summer.
 It's a heat.
 It's opening on a heat wave late in summer and you're not careful that you're going to end up looking exactly like anger.
  Yeah.
 Bright red bright red bright red with a hot and pissed about poultry.
  And steam coming out of your ears about a hot dog.
 Put some suntan lotion on folks.
 So so all of that is fun and like seeing the Incredibles and credit coaster and a new like fast pass wait time.
  You get like excited like wow cool and Incredibles ride like you're excited about a wait time.
 Well no I'm just saying that because an effective queue makes you excited about the ride and the idea of it.
  And there's original footage in the line with the actors doing the dialogue.
 I'm just saying it tricks you for a second into thinking it's a oh wow it's a cool like your brain starts to go wow this feels newish to me this feels like I'm going to get to you know experience the movie like you would on a new e-ticket  Incredibles ride.
 There's kind of a there's funny joke in the line.
 There's funny joke at the launch too but in the line what does she say Violet says oh sure just slap our name on an old ride.
  There is a real wow.
 This is a pretty funny joke.
 I'm usually hot and cold on some times some of the self-awareness that comes with that feels like a universal joke quite frankly.
 Yeah.
  That's a universal joke.
 It's funny coming out of like the teen girl like the smart ass teen girl in a character.
 I think that's great.
 Yeah.
 So they ever everyone knows like the Imagineers did their best with the money they had don't get when we when we were cranky about this stuff.
  I'm just saying like everyone knew what the deal was here.
 We have they have a little amount of money to do a little something to this ride.
  With this story is that it's like oh the town is celebrating the return of the heroes by rechristening this roller coaster with the Incredibles name.
 That's the plot.
 That's the plot.
 That's the plot.
  And then.
 So spoiler alert if you don't want to know the story of the Incredicoaster we'll give you five seconds here to turn off the podcast.
 Go experience the roller coaster and then come back.
 Go back and listen to our talk about the chicken and the ice cream and then.
  Well Mike I'm sorry.
 Spoiler alert for you too.
 I am going to mention some of the very basic plot points from that.
 That's fine.
 So yeah.
 So then you get on the coaster and Edna mode is watching Jack Jack like she does in the movie.
  It's a great great bunch of scenes in the movie and the mode babysitting Jack Jack in the movie it goes well but in the ride Jack Jack teleports out of there.
 And that's the other funny joke in the light like you come or you get in the coaster.
  It starts to leave the station you see into the I guess it's the Incredibles home and she's like I watch the baby don't worry about it and then like right as you're about before you launch she goes and the baby is gone.
  It's a funny delivery for Brad Bird's funny joke and then it's that sets up the launch Mr.
 Incredible yells Dash go after him and then you hear Dash's voice countdown and there's a little fun water spray effect after they launch.
  See Dash I guess like it would I don't know they can't probably make a robot run on water yet.
 Or they maybe they can they just have the money for it so they just have like a little water sprays if he's running up.
 It's a lot of suggestion on this ride.
  A lot of audio because there's not a lot of room to do.
 There aren't any robots they're all statues.
 That's true they're all statues.
 There's no one of the Jack Jacks moves a little.
 Well there's a screen for his face in one of the two.
  So he moves around a little bit because he gets like snotty.
 It's like it's not all over his head but he is like it's like a little screen.
 So yeah it's a lot of a lot of story told with narration from the audio on the back of the roller coaster or in your speakers excuse me.
  It's yeah every two basically has a couple static Incredibles characters mixed with whatever like the audio is telling you they're doing.
 Yeah trying to they're trying to all trying to catch Jack Jack which is weird in the context of the Incredibles 2 because Edna makes a special suit for Jack Jack that makes it easier to keep him under control.
  So was this supposed to take place before Incredibles 2 in the narrative.
 He's wearing the suit.
 Oh I see.
 He's wearing the same.
 So that's a hole.
 It wasn't a perfect thing.
 They didn't have the remote.
 That's a big thing in it.
 The remote for the suit.
  But it's like wait but Edna's thing is supposed to stop this.
 But it's not I guess it's not perfect because he still gets in the hijinks in the movie.
 It seems like a big oversight as far as I'm concerned.
 I haven't seen the movie but it sounds like they had a big problem on their hands here.
  They have to rectify.
 Take him out of the suit that he gets in the movie maybe.
 Maybe that's the fix.
 Yeah I mean I guess it just kind of looks like a red baby onesie anytime.
 That's true.
  So you go in like a two you go.
 So they made the tunnels basically longer and maybe not bigger but longer like there were a couple of tunnels before with nothing in them.
 Now they've painted them red.
 Now it's longer just so they can put in a little bit more show.
  The first one you go up it's like there's like purple I guess purple neon that makes it look like laser eyes.
 The next one is I forget what the next one is that the elastic girl stretching.
  And then it's like Mr.
 Incredible burst through to try to hand a cookie to a Jack Jack cookie num num to lure Jack.
 One of them is violet.
 That's probably the best one.
 That's probably the best one.
 Because they've made the whole area look hot like it looks like it's fire in the tube and that's fun.
  It's cool.
 You're hearing their voices.
 There's a lot of them yelling at you.
 Which is fun.
 There's a lot of fun stuff on this and the music is great.
 The music is the best.
 The music is like basically like the score.
 The music definitely kicks it up a notch.
  And then there's a fun little scene of statues at the end to sort of sum it all up.
 But between the last tunnel and the end scene with Edna and Jack Jack there's nothing.
 They needed like another tunnel or two.
  There's like no wall there's extra stuff.
 It's just a roller coaster playing music.
 Yeah it's just yeah there's there's just like a lot of voice and there's no place especially when you're going at the end turn which is like basically a bunch of grass in the center and you're just turning around this like kind of open field.
  It's been that way for a long time.
 Yeah it's weird.
 I think there's supposed to be that's always been I think been an expansion pad for a ride.
 Well that's different.
 That's a different one.
 That's where the Malibuumer used to be.
 But isn't that I thought the other one maybe.
 Really? It looks like there's such a small footprint there.
 Yeah maybe.
 I don't know.
 Maybe I'm wrong.
 It does look like they were planning something though right.
 You could have built a Jack Jack.
 A giant big Jack Jack.
 I said build a giant Jack Jack and he turns around and tries to grab the coaster or something.
 But there's no money in this budget for that.
 That's that's that's obvious.
  Might have been in a previous path.
 I'm sure the blue sky had something like that.
 I just don't like even the Edna's at the beginning or end just make them move a little or make the Jack Jack's move.
 Yeah.
 Like I don't.
 It's hard because I get it in the tunnel like the roller coaster is going so fast.
 Yeah.
 It doesn't make sense to have people like robots that can do so much because you're seeing it for a second.
 You don't want to break it down with the hydraulic fluid and everything.
 But like you've got a show scene at the beginning and the end.
  Like you want to do this a little more.
 Or at least you know what they really should have just have them blink.
 Just do that screen technology to have them blink or do something or talk.
 It looks good from the Frozen.
 Yes.
 That's a lot of.
 So so yeah.
 So we look we love robots here.
 We just like them when they move.
 We just want them to move a little bit.
 Yeah.
 And yeah there was probably a way to like put like for instance Guardians of the Galaxy Mission Breakout which we have not reviewed officially on here.
 But like that is  they did a hell of a job with taking a ride you know very well and truly making it feel different feeling like a different lobby a different ride experience.
 This is just like exactly the same.
 But they're fun music now and you get to see a few things here and there which isn't bad.
 But it is not nearly like the experience of Guardians of the Galaxy ride.
 So it's not like it's bad and it's not like the.
 No it's fun.
 Let me say what you said.
 You said it as if you were anticipating me saying it as soon as we were done.
  On the ride you don't remember this.
 You went well I think it's fun.
 It's pre defensive.
 You were pre defensive like I was going to go well it was fine or whatever.
 But you said that we saw Ant-Man 2.
 It did.
 Yes.
 We that's another.
 We'll talk about that.
  I did think it was fun but I had a laundry.
 I had this.
 Well it's fun of course it's fun.
 It's a good roller coaster.
 It's definitely an upgrade.
 I think it's an upgrade from California Screamin.
 I think you probably have to say yeah it's an upgrade from California Screamin.
 It's just that like when you're talking about like a Incredibles ride when you think of the promise of that.
 Yeah.
 You do go like ah why can't.
 And I've I always wondered if maybe Incredibles was a candidate to be some kind of attraction in Tomorrowland.
 It's been a long time.
  It's been rumored for years that the interventions building or whatever the hell.
 Now the launch bay.
 There was going to be some awesome three excuse me e-ticket Incredibles ride.
 I feel like I heard the rumor or maybe just thought in my fan brain that the there's pretty cool pods that are like in the first Incredibles.
  And then Bob is on this island right.
 That where he ends up meeting syndrome and like some cool glass bubbles kind of that maybe those end up on the people mover.
 Yeah.
 Maybe I don't think there's a ton of great set pieces in the new Incredibles that it's like well that's a ride.
 Superhero training I think was thrown around the idea like you would go and like probably like an X-Men Danger Room ride.
 You train to be a superhero and you just got to hope that you get to be a superhero.
  This doesn't negate that's what I possibly like it might.
 I don't know.
 It might keep it away for a little bit.
 But that's because that that movie of all the Pixar movies I think lends itself to an awesome e-ticket ride.
 Yeah.
 Like there's no nothing with more like fun action colorful that great score.
  And I think it's doing great at the box.
 I mean it'll be a nice one.
 I saw it three weeks after it opened and the theater was full.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We are in the middle of a heat wave in Los Angeles.
 Yeah.
 And we'll I'll go see it this week.
 I should have done it.
  People are out tolerating Uncle Drew and Sicario too because it's so hot.
 But still yes.
 Incredibles too is wonderful.
 Yeah.
 I think that's my here's my feeling about this whole thing.
 Sure do Pixar appear.
 Absolutely.
 And yet for another year at Disneyland Tomorrowland decays.
  Tomorrowland gets worse and worse.
 They may they somehow found a way to make pizza port more unpleasant.
 They put like they put a cloth sign over it that like that's for this.
 You got what is it part of what is the class.
  Boy Pixar fast.
 Yes.
 It's part of Pixar.
 That's celebrating friendship and beyond.
 I don't know if you heard.
 OK.
 It's not the one they call the Pixar pal party and then it's we keep it all peas.
 I just do yet to your Pixar peer.
  But for the love of good.
 Do we see Tomorrowland change in our lifetimes.
 Does this happen.
 I don't know.
 I think I think I will be on my deathbed and wondering why it never that's still going to be the fucking rocket that serves coke.
  It's going to be the it's going to be interventions with ads for Dyson Air Blades like it's like I this it makes me this is why I'm of course do your gentrification anywhere you want across this property.
  But were we really going to let Tomorrowland just I mean languish and languish.
 I get it.
 They wanted to do something cheap that they could do in the other park that would draw people over there and they wanted to use characters that everyone knows.
  So I get it from a cynical marketing perspective.
 This was probably the thing they had to do something along these lines.
 I think they should have put in another five hundred million dollars into it.
  They call it synergy darling.
 That's a joke from the queue line to joke about the overlay.
 That is more universal style edgy referential comedy.
  And I can't.
 That's fun.
 I don't know.
 I like that.
 I like that.
 I like a lot.
 I didn't I wasn't wild about it in the last Jedi when Finn what does he yell.
 Oh they hate that.
  Like the TIE fighters.
 I don't remember.
 So yeah.
 Well you know the public is kind of not exactly hot on the future right now.
 People are feeling a little hopeless you know in terms of Tomorrowland getting redone.
  But I tell you what you will have to look forward to the inside out emotional whirlwind coming soon.
 Coming to Pixar Pier that is a bad for flex our times.
 That's a day you're just repainting flicks flyers from  Bugsland.
 There's Jesse's critter carousel.
 That's the old carousel.
 They are repainting it.
 That is not open yet.
 And Bing bongs candy store which they is opening sometime in this month of July.
  So we're gonna have to air grievances about all those things in a future episode.
 Pixar Pier Part 2.
 Pixar Pier Complaint Fest Part 2.
 Bing bongs candy store has a sign like it has a bunch of his quotes on the sign.
  I saw a picture and one of them says I cry candy.
 And that's yeah that's a fun little piece of the movie.
 But I don't know to me it seemed very weird to see the word cry in big letters at a Disney park.
  I thought that was kind of like I like it's edgy I think I think that that's a good idea like it's fun and you can buy his candy tears supposedly.
 You can buy his tears at the store.
 Which is weird.
  Yep.
 Which but I like I like that.
 So get loaded up on his tears get loaded up on Bing bong tears and then poultry and hit that credit coaster.
 If the candy doesn't melt.
 Gosh he thought he was leaving the flames of hell and now he's coming to Southern California.
  He's heat waving ages.
 It seemed like at one point there was going to be a leg two of Pixar Pier presumably Paradise Gardens Park.
 Right and they rethemed goofy sky school for the fifth time.
 The good dinosaurs crazy antics.
  As long as they preserve that perfect state fair ride within.
 Yeah.
 Then we're fine.
 But then like Silly Symphony swings like that's Mickey.
 Will that go away.
 Because like that's a cool theme.
 I actually Paradise Gardens Park Michael.
 Oh no.
  But I'm saying when they free of the need to rethink when they go around.
 So yeah.
 So so there's more Pixar Pier may be coming.
 Also I have a feeling there's not more picks up.
 I feel like this is it.
 Some nice things I like.
 I like they have a guy sketching Pixar characters in the in Nick neck and Nick's necks.
  I didn't know that's fun.
 That's nice.
 Some of the merchandise is very good.
 I like the sign a lot.
 I think this is funny that we complained for like ninety five minutes and I'm just going to give two minutes of like kudos.
 The sign I think is cool.
 I like the color scheme.
 I like the I like it's big.
 It's it's nice.
 It looks nice at night.
  The billboards are cute.
 The billboards are cute.
 I like I like the sort of color scheme.
 I think that's fun.
 I think it looks cool and I think a lot of it is an upgrade.
 It's just like it doesn't everything isn't cohesive yet.
 They are still repainting things I think once maybe they get more money.
 Everything's open.
 I think all of it you'll go well this is certainly you know what was maybe a B B minus land.
 Now it's B or B plus like it's it's an A plus.
  Incremental change and this area has grown slowly from orange peels and and sure just straight up knots rides to at least it you know it got more charm with Midway mania.
 It has more charm with.
 Yeah.
  Which is still great.
 Carnival Barker potato head.
 Well that's a great ride.
 And they repainted the roof there.
 Good.
 That's fun.
 I think they added fast pass.
 They did add fast pass to it.
 That is a thing that I think like oh yeah this needed fast pass.
 And they have Edna mode walk around character now which is grace.
 That looks great.
  Here's what we took a photo.
 Lindsay and I took a photo with her.
 What I do think is unnerving is that she is human hands.
 It's a plastic head but human hands.
 So she comes and when you go to see the character she shakes your hand and I go like I didn't say it but like my brain was like oh real skin.
  Like I just give her a mane of hair on the back of it.
 Give her gloves please.
 Give her those.
 Yeah.
 So cut cut for budget.
 So Edna mode gloves gloves better dogs better milk choice milk offerings and to check the lanyard again.
 Yeah.
  Give Edna hands better milk offerings and just call it Mickey's fun wheel.
 What in the world.
 Yeah.
 Pixar Pixar.
 That's like an algorithm.
 Name that right.
 Yeah.
 So our pal around all around.
 It is all your pals and they are going around together.
  I've never I've never been I had never been on the Mickey's fun wheel and we didn't have time to go on the power round.
 I have still not been on the Pixar pal around.
 I will go on and everyone says though you like it.
 I know I like it.
 I've never been on it.
 I've never been on the stationary and the moving cars.
  But it's a Ferris wheel.
 They've never figured out how to quickly load and unload a Ferris wheel.
 It's just not possible.
 And there should be two robots in every car.
 Yeah.
 Because if you're now the Pixar.
 You should sit next to one and you're so like you sit with up or the old man and then the other.
  Oh I thought you meant of like Pixar.
 Like you just sit next to a Pete doctor animatronic and he doesn't talk.
 He's just trying to research Mark Davis stuff for that.
 That's fair.
 Those should all be like you all the cars should be cubicles and you have eight shots to get done that day.
 Oh cool.
 I got the cereal bar one.
  You just get notes.
 Yes.
 The the notacoaster the notawheel.
 So yeah we've we've been plusing up as we go I think here.
 Plus the buzz up so we don't have to do one overall.
 I hope.
 And they're going to keep they're obviously working out.
 I saw a nice Q&A with the Imagineers and they were they were talking all the things they were showing in the reference art was very cool and they very much care about it and they're still working on a lot of it.
 So this is a work in progress.
  You know it's it's fun but it's it's it's a bummer because we from Disney you want like some insane amazing thing that right out of the gate is is great.
 And this one just feels like it's a work in progress.
 Well Pixar Pier will never be complete until the tape is removed from the pipes on the roof.
  That is actually probably a teaser for a new short of like taping the pipe.
 It's an Easter egg.
 You know they love their Easter eggs.
 They're a one thirteen.
 You know I did.
 This is really damning it with a praise but I'm happy it gave a reason to reopen the blue sky cellar.
  The little making of behind the scenes walk through by the winery that's still holding on.
 I love walking through there.
 Still holding on.
 Let's not have any shit talk at the winery.
 That's Scott's favorite place in all the parks.
 That's correct.
  You know what it's it does look lovely and it's always crowded.
 Yeah I've never been able to successfully eat at the balcony the little tapas place they have upstairs.
 I have.
 It's wonderful.
 Many relaxing hours.
 We all went there once.
 Yeah.
  Seriously they just tell you there's no seats.
 That one there's nowhere to have a line.
 That one I feel like they just tell you yeah we're full up.
 We got it.
 We have to wrap this episode up before I before we start suggesting that plus ups need to happen at the beloved winery.
  We really I won't have it.
 We haven't even thrown out that we'll do a full episode on there but of course we have to.
 Hmm.
 Let's do it from there.
 Yeah.
 Let's get a couple bottles.
 Yeah that's a good idea.
  Hey.
 So we stay tuned for that winery review episode.
 Yeah.
 And until then.
 I got something to say to Michael.
 I say bring back Robert Mondavi.
 Get Shapik over here.
 Get him over here.
  I want more Disney specific brands of winery.
 I've got it.
 The alumni privileges to bother Bob Iger.
 I wonder how much I could find in the directory.
 The last thing I would say is that blue sky seller.
 We were talking about the button on Space Mountain many episodes ago.
  You can press the button a fake button to launch the Pixar Pier and credit coaster model.
 So you get that's fine.
 It's a it's a it's a controls.
 Yes.
 And you get to it shows you how you would launch the coaster if you work there.
 It's really just training you to take a minimum wage job.
  But I was very excited because of what we were saying about the Space Mountain.
 But well given you a good good practice for your old button finger.
 Disney has taken over the whole state.
 Everything's a theme park and we're all working there.
 Yeah.
 And when they've yeah when they've lured us at first through promises of free spicy hot dogs and then through slate employment opportunities.
  We'll be there soon.
 We know that's where it's heading.
 Hey folks you survived podcast the ride.
 Thanks for listening to us air these grievances.
 And if you have if you want to hear more or give more you can head to our Twitter at podcast the ride head to our Instagram head to the Facebook group.
  Rate and review us on iTunes if you have specific requests for the winery episode or a minimum amount of ounces that you would like each of us to drink.
 What is the number.
 What is the traditional pour for a glass of wine.
 Is that four ounces six ounces.
 Probably.
 I see him on the menu and in sixes and nines.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 We're getting up to we're getting up to 36.
 Mike knows this wine makes me crazy.
 Oh well.
  And this episode is necessary.
 What if we do it.
 They probably won't let us record there.
 But what if we record in the car immediately.
 We all jam into a car the closest or get a hotel room.
 That's the idea.
  We're going to the park.
 We like pull out a zoom recorder in one of our reasonably sedans.
 What a reasonably sized sedans.
 I think we can just we can just take a recorder and put it on the table.
 Yeah.
 Do it.
  Just let the conversation fly.
 Yeah.
 And the audio is not going to be as good as this but whatever.
 Watch out.
 Watch out.
 We're going there.
 It's still better than the bumper car boys audio on their podcast.
 Let's be honest.
 Yeah.
 Go rate and review them on iTunes and get sync them sync them for us.
 Thanks listeners.
 All right.
 We'll catch you next time.
 So long.
 Bye.
