 Aloha, Podcast the Riot is doing its first live show August 9th in Sherman Oaks, California  in a beautiful, abandoned sports authority with special guest Tony Baxter.
  Can you believe, I still kind of can't believe it, you two.
  Yeah, I can't believe it.
  It's our hero who we've talked about on most episodes and a guy I've been obsessed with  since I was 10 years old and he did all my favorite things and we're going to talk to  him in front of people.
  Yeah, and it's going to be embarrassing for us, but also hopefully sweet.
  So like, please come out, like this is going to be fun.
  It's 10 bucks, I mean, come on.
  Gotta do it.
  And you'll get to see this amazing gallery, the collection of Richard Kraft, who we're  also going to talk to, as all this, you get to take photos with Dumbo cars and monorail  innards and gears, gears probably too.
  Yeah, you know, with severed limbs from sea serpents from the submarine voyage.
  I don't know exactly what's there, things like that.
  The exhibition is free and is running for most of the month of August tickets for separate  events like our show again, $10 or there's a signing with the artist Shag.
  Paul Scheer is doing a show.
  Alan Menken is doing a show at the end of the month.
  This is starting to sound desperate.
  I think we should ease off the throttle and just let people enjoy going to our site.
  Good look in the show description.
  You're going to come, it's going to be chill.
  You're going to have a great time.
  And now you're going to have a great time listening to our regular episode.
  Warning.
  The following podcast may include monkeys performing dangerous stunts, an eye popping  3D spectacular starring Judge Lance Ito and four competing Peter Laurie impressions.
  We travel 20,000 leagues under the sea with director Stoney Sharp.
  Here's a whale of a podcast on today's podcast, The Ride.
  Hello.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a podcast about theme parks hosted by three guys who promised  to one day learn some Spanish besides permanecer sentados por favor.
  Yo soy Scott Gardner.
  Estoy aquí con Jason Sheridan.
  Hi.
  Hi.
  Drive back to English.
  Mike Carlson.
  Muchas gracias.
  Hey.
  And that's as far as we needed to go.
  I guess.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  So only one park where you're going to hear French.
  Yeah.
  Well, I guess I also know P.
A.
C.
 Piernas from the safety instructions.
  And other than that, I'm I'm shot and joining us today.
  Very excited to have a great director from Comedy Bang Bang from the Who Was Show on Netflix  and the director of one of my favorite Funny or Die videos of all time, Ticklish Cage.
  It's Stoney Sharp.
  Hey, that's awesome.
  Thank you.
  I really want to give you that superlative.
  Oh, man.
  Thanks.
  I love that video too.
  I still I still mention it often.
  Oh, great.
  Hey, as you should.
  John Daly.
  John Daly is amazing.
  Yes.
  Some incredible scream work on his part.
  Do you know I heard I heard a story that Bob Odenkirk saw that and halfway through he  had a straight face and halfway through he just like started laughing and he goes, look  at him wasting everybody's time.
  Oh, man.
  Wow.
  That's very exciting.
  You know, I did when I worked at Conan, the best like praise you could get on something  like with the sketches that would make Conan turn like beet red were where he would then  comment what a waste of everyone's time made me always made me incredibly happy to recognize  it had to be the right kind of as a bad sketch is a waste of time to but not in that delirious  wonderful way that some crazy sketch can be.
  I mean, like on Bang Bang, we did we did two sketches that were like that.
  I mean, still, like just thinking about one of them was don't look a gift horse in the  mouth where they it was a game show where they would give a farmer a horse as long as  he didn't look in the horse's mouth.
  But for some reason, these farmers couldn't resist the urge to look in their mouth.
  They would lose the horse and would go to the glue factory.
  And the other one was oh my God, this one is you made your bed now lie in it where you  had to make a bed, get into a bed, tell a lie.
  And then a seasoned detective would sell you if you were lying or not.
  This variety of thing like breaking apart odd phrases and little spins of wordplay.
  It's my favorite thing in the world.
  We got one more season.
  I was like, what's it going to be like?  Don't put the car before the horse is going to be like the pot calling the kettle black.
  Do you know not to jump ahead and straight into our topic without doing our requisite  40 minutes of bullshit besides the topic, but there was a it's related to there was  a SNL sketch about 20,000 leagues under the sea.
  That's kind of this manner of sketch where it's just picking apart the phrase.
  It was in the 90s.
  It was with Kelsey Grammer as Captain Nemo and Phil Hartman was Kirk Douglas.
  And it was all about like everyone not understanding the that 20 going 20,000 leagues into the  sea is not depth.
  That's that's mileage that's going forward, going forward 20,000 leagues as opposed to  that they kept like in the Peter used to not voice and stuff like.
  So we're going 20,000 leagues under the sea.
  And he had to captain you must to make a graph explaining if that's not true.
  And they think that the squid when he shows up is 20,000 leagues long.
  Is this one of those like the last sketch of the night?  I forget.
  It might be familiar.
  It feels like it could be that slot.
  It's like I'm laughing a lot and you're getting Kirk Douglas.
  You're getting this amazing Kirk Douglas impression.
  Hartman so crazy and great.
  And then like but the audience, it's just eating shit.
  And it's really bizarre to watch this clip now because like SNL so often is like, here's  a famous person.
  Everyone scream.
  And then like this old sketch is like is just silence for seven minutes.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  And so it's the best and the worst of Saturday Night Live because it's like, oh, these industry  professionals that are doing these amazing impressions and the set looks cool.
  And it's actually something I like.
  And it is like you say seven minutes of exactly the same joke.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's a little if there I think it's a kind of thing that you take that sketch and you  do it in like a tighter pre films way.
  And maybe it's not as patients trying.
  But you can tell the audience is worn down and they're probably staring at the squid  getting set up and just wondering like, how's that going to work?  But it's like then it's a squid that's like worthy of the film.
  It's really amazing.
  It's a full Nautilus set.
  The whole thing is really remarkable.
  And the only people not buying it are the 150 people in that room.
  That reminds me like less in terms of like scope and execution.
  But the in terms of like a comics, comics sort of sketches, though, is it I will probably  get it wrong.
  It's a lot in malfeasance in the railroad industry.
  Oh, yes, that's a jack.
  I think George Clooney.
  And it's just about like a a con on a railroad.
  I don't even remember if you find it's easy to find.
  It was this weird pointless scene seemingly.
  But a guy like applying for a job as a as an engineer on a train.
  And then somebody walks in and who are you?  And George Clooney jumps out the window and then four minutes in, they announced that  the sketch is called Tales of Fraud and Malfeasance in the railroad industry.
  I think if I'm recalling it correctly.
  Yeah.
  Well, we clearly have soft spots in our hearts for these the driest of comedy sketches.
  What was the St.
 Patrick's Day one with Bill Hader this year?  It was my favorite.
  It turns out to be a Liam Neeson.
  He turns out to be doing Liam Neeson.
  But it's just him talking in an ominous voice and then Beck Bennett is just like a disgusting  like pig person.
  But it's just non sequiturs.
  I mean, I kind of figured out why they did when I'm sitting there watching it and I'm  just dying when he goes, that's pretty good for a Mick.
  Like what a weird antiquated Irish slur for my fine Irish heritage.
  Not long ago, they're doing sketches where like, you know, like Will Ferrell is Robert  Goulet and he's singing rap songs and he sings the N word loud and proud.
  And the audience loves it.
  They're so on, but they they know it's a little weird.
  They laugh and laugh.
  This one was noticeable because, yeah, it was another one where it's like three quarters  of the sketch goes by and then the premises told you at the end.
  And it just seems like nonsense before.
  But it's all funny nonsense because you can just make Bill Hader say anything funny.
  Right, right.
  Sure.
  Wow.
  Well, we ended up became a little comedy analysis podcast for a particular strand of it.
  Our version of it.
  Tom Shales, oral retrospective on Saturday Night Live told like podcast the ride hosts.
  But look, let's get back on track.
  We're talking about rides and we're talking about the rides that you grew up with Stoney  and you grew up in Florida, correct?  That's right.
  I grew up in, this is not an exaggeration.
  I grew up in the weirdest part of Florida, which is saying something.
  And I will throw this gauntlet down.
  Is that a is that a phrase?  I can out Florida anyone that you talk to.
  And I guarantee it.
  I guarantee I can out Florida anyone.
  I've seen the strangest things you could ever possibly imagine.
  I'm slightly older than you guys.
  So I remember probably a version of of Disney that you were sold when you were really little  and you thought of like, oh, this is the I mean, it is one of the greatest places.
  But I grew up in the I was sentient in the early 80s.
  So I remember like all all of, you know, that that stuff.
  I don't know where to go from this.
  Should I let's let me rewind back and tell you how I why I'm why I'm the most Floridian  person.
  So I grew up in a small town called Macintosh.
  It's a one square mile town named after a Scottish guy who became chief of a small Seminole  Indian tribe, Chief Macintosh.
  Macintosh was was built around a small lake called Orange Lake, which was known for two  things.
  One, it's world's famous floating islands that moved around.
  And two, at least once every 20 years, it drains overnight into a sinkhole, the entire  lake, and then it will slowly fill back up again.
  Where where does it go?  The aquifer.
  Things just disappear in Florida.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  So my next door neighbors, I met if I was on a podcast and I talked about this a little  bit, but my next door neighbors made their money.
  They made their living off of a circus act called the world's famous high flying aquamules  where they trained donkeys to walk up a 30 foot tower, jump through a flaming loop into  an above ground swimming pool.
  Wow.
  Do this twice.
  They would do first donkey comes up.
  Super sad donkey walks up the plank because he knows he's going to get the cattle prod  if he doesn't jumps off a 30 foot tower into an above ground swimming pool.
  Second donkey comes out flaming loop erupts on the top of the on the top of the tower,  walks up the tower, jumps off a 30 foot tower into an above ground swimming pool.
  Third donkey comes out of the trailer.
  What's on his back?  A little saddle.
  What's in the saddle?  A tiny monkey dressed as a cowboy strapped into the side screaming.
  But from a distance, it looks like he's trying to get his guns ready.
  What he's trying to do is untie himself.
  So he goes up the tower with the music playing.
  The monkey and the donkey jump through the flaming loop, going against every instinct  that an animal could possibly have doing a belly flop into above ground swimming pool.
  And then they reward the monkey with a lit cigarette.
  Oh, a delicious treat.
  A big finish at the end there.
  This is what like this is an old I've seen video of just the donkey in the swimming pool.
  I think that's a classic attraction.
  But these people are innovators, obviously, by adding the fire and the monkey to it, because  I've never seen that.
  They're still doing it in Texas.
  You can see it on YouTube.
  Yes, that has to be that should be illegal.
  It's illegal in Florida now, which is saying something.
  Atlantic City Boardwalk had high diving horses.
  Really?  You've seen?  No, I didn't see.
  But I think like early 90s is when they finally stopped.
  I could be wrong.
  They went from what I've read about, it's longer than you think that it kept going.
  And they're still at you.
  They're still at it.
  The same family in Texas.
  Well, I mean, Patty and Tim, if you're listening, I haven't talked to you in a while.
  I hope this doesn't offend you.
  Tim went to prison for a little while for illegally trading Jaguars.
  They had every kind of zoo animal you could imagine in in horse behind horse fences.
  So they had when I was really little, they had the primate barn.
  These by the way, are simple folk.
  This is, you know, this is simple folk in the back in the country.
  These are not wealthy people with large fit.
  This is not Jurassic Park.
  This is like the way you think of Florida.
  So they're easily the escapeable.
  These are not high tech facilities for these animals.
  I mean, it happened often, it would be like my mom's name is Jane and my brother's name  is Ben.
  It'd like bring bring Jane, a big stony baby inside the house.
  Monkeys loose again.
  And then looking out the back window and just monkeys running around, flipping around, doing  flips on our like, you know, like our above ground swimming pool and stuff like that.
  And then but the thing about them is that they were like locked on.
  Their eyes were locked on to us.
  So they were very serious faces while they were doing whimsical things.
  So scary, very scary.
  Staring you down.
  Yes.
  Those were chimps.
  Those were not the spider monkeys and the capuchins that did the donkey show.
  Those were scary.
  So how many total animals did these people have roughly?  They had they had the bear that used to do bear wrestling at county fairs until he figured  out how to undo his muzzle.
  They had they had when I was really little, they had five chimpanzees.
  Then that they didn't do that anymore.
  They had spider monkeys.
  They had let's see, they had two camels.
  They always had camels.
  They had a canoe.
  They had a Brahma bull.
  They had two ostriches, two zebras.
  They had oh, this part's this part's sad.
  Oh, okay.
  This other part is so happy.
  They had a white horse that had a surgical procedure.
  So he had it.
  Yeah, he had a horn coming out of his head.
  So yeah, a unicorn.
  I don't think that they were allowed to show that in public.
  So the so here I was this.
  Then who was it for?  It was for them.
  It was the pleasure of having a unicorn.
  Oh my God.
  What is the doctor?  Which doctor installs a horn on a horse?  Just as a side note, just so you guys don't think I'm a psychopath, my father is an equine  reproductive physiologist and he taught at the University of Florida and my mom is a  violinist.
  So so we lived far out in the swamp so he could be near the near the research farm.
  But I was surrounded by I was like a swamp child.
  I grew up a swamp child.
  I can take a moment to correct myself, the diving horse at the Atlantic City Steel Pier  only went to the 1970s, not the 90s.
  I would like to apologize to the diving horse.
  Jason's mistake.
  The still on your iPad is quite upsetting.
  Hey, I would need it to be horse diving straight down.
  In this case, I'll say don't go to our Twitter to see a picture of a horse being forcibly  dropped.
  They eventually replaced by casinos, which were then replaced by empty casinos and now  replaced by casinos yet again.
  So you were a swamp child surrounded by animals.
  So but but it was also the height of magical tourist Florida, right?  So if I geographically if I started my house where the nearest attractions would be, it  would go like this next door neighbors flying, flying meal, Aqua meals, right?  Then eight miles away was a high lie.
  Oh, cool.
  Then then, you know, 16 to 20 miles away was showbiz pizza.
  Oh yeah.
  With the rocket fire explosion.
  16 miles though.
  What a rough.
  That's why we didn't go that often.
  Silver Springs, Six Gun Territory, Wild Waters, Wiki Wachee.
  Wait, you're blasting through those though.
  I don't know.
  Silver Springs now.
  Silver Springs is home of the Glass Bottom boats.
  It's like it's sort of a sort of more of a Victorian attraction.
  So it's you know, at the turn of the century, that was the that's what Florida was.
  It was a place where you'd go for attractions, but generally it was to see these crystal  clear rivers and springs and these sort of like jungle cruises.
  So, right.
  So these Glass Bottom boats, which are still operating today, you would get in them and  you'd cruise this crystal clear river.
  And you've seen this river that they like anytime you've seen a underwater fight scene  in a natural setting, like every one of the 1930s Tarzan series or James Bond when he's  fighting a, you know, boa constrictor underwater or creature from the Black Lagoon.
  They filmed all that at Silver Springs.
  Wow.
  And when they were when they were filming the Tarzan series in the 30s, they released  just so many of these small monkeys that are still to this day in the Ocala National Forest.
  And you'll hear them coming.
  And it sounds scary, like like a what is it called when locusts come out like a swarm  of small monkeys and they'll they'll come in the treetops and then they start throwing  rocks and seeds at you.
  Wow.
  I think I forget I should take a second and mention that like I think of Disney and Universal.
  I think I fly into there.
  It's in Orlando.
  I fly into Orlando, fly into MCO and go to these parks to use the I-4 like corridor.
  Yeah.
  I just sometimes forget like, oh, this is smack dab and what is potentially the weirdest  state in the nation.
  Oh, easily.
  I mean, I I've never seen any place stranger than Florida.
  No, no.
  I mean, because like I say, it's like the dark side of freedom.
  If the great American experiment is to say that we as individuals are free, the people  in Florida go, oh, I'm free to do what I like to do.
  Perfect.
  That's everyone in Florida.
  Let's see how much she believes in this whole American dream thing.
  What was your process then of realizing this was all strange?  I mean, you must have known.
  I mean, there's no world in which the diving mule exhibit next door is not bizarre.
  But like, how did you like on Florida fire self or have you?  It's a duality.
  You know, like I said, my parents are academics and I went to I went to a school in Gainesville  a couple of 20 miles north, but I also spent every summer in Boston.
  So so I never spent a summer in the worst of Florida.
  You know what I mean?  So I was you know, and I would travel with my parents to places.
  So I was worldly and also very swampy.
  So and he was your dad was there for work.
  So so he like it was a specific reason in mind.
  He knew it was odd and he taught you it was odd.
  However, I mean, this is another whole thing.
  He also is he considers himself a sort of and rightly so as sort of an Indiana Jones  type.
  He was he was the quick draw champion of the southeast hike, you know, seven years ago.
  And he's and he's like, you know, he's 65.
  He's one of the best larionettes in the state of Florida.
  Sounds like he is Indiana Jones.
  Yeah, he Florida.
  Yeah, this this he's I mean, I'm not going to get to this.
  I think he might I think he might be a spy because he worked for the Vienna International  Center sometimes.
  And we would go like on trips to like Yugoslavia right before it turned right before the war.
  And places like why are you going here?  Yeah.
  It's just a family trip to Yugoslavia.
  They just want me to lasso some things in Yugoslavia.
  So so yes, I grew up in an unusual, very Florida and very Indiana Jones sort of wild.
  I also don't think I realized that there was a history of bizarre attractions in Florida  preceding Disney World and that that helped influence.
  You know, I think I thought Disney World is there because there's a ton of land there.
  And I don't think I knew there was this, you know, there was a place for oddities already.
  Absolutely.
  There was like I said, there was Silver Springs.
  Cypress Gardens is famous.
  You've seen Cypress Gardens before because it's the what's that?  What's the what's the projection process at the Arclight?  The Cinerama process.
  You know, when people are like water skiing and there's like a there's a tower of oh,  yeah, people on top of each other.
  Water screens.
  That's Cypress Gardens.
  So that was you used to just the Disneyland of the 1920s was going to Cypress Gardens  and seeing like ladies dressed up as southern bells walking amongst the flowers.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  There's also gardens kind of stuff.
  Sure.
  OK.
  And there's Wiki Watchy, which is that's still active today.
  And next time you guys go to Florida, I highly recommend checking it out because it can't  last.
  It's it's ladies that dress up as mermaids and they go and they do like routines.
  So, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  And you're looking at the aquarium and they get a tell.
  Like it's a yeah, they used to have.
  Well, they did.
  They had the mermaids in Disneyland, but they didn't have any sort of way.
  You can see them under the air tanks.
  It's like you have to train how to swim with the tails and like, is there a restaurant  attached to the region?  It must be.
  There should be.
  And that manatees will just come into that area.
  So it's, you know, manatees and mermaids.
  And this is all like, too.
  I forget that there's like a whole genre of like books that I've read.
  So of like weird southern mystery like Carl Heisen and John D.
  McDonough, the Travis McGee books and some of the Elmer Leonard books are set like in  that.
  And and it's like it's it's very easy to find interesting backgrounds to put like heists  or small crime that add character.
  Oh, yeah.
  Absolutely.
  I mean, you know, there's a lot of serial killers.
  There's a lot of like crazy crimes.
  There's a lot of like you can what my my buddy Arnie and I, what we used to do for fun is  we would explore this cave in Newbury that I mean, you would you would walk in through  the back of I guess in the 50s, some farmer didn't want beatniks going into the cave anymore.
  So he crashed a tractor into the hole.
  And then he that somehow didn't keep the beatniks out.
  So he crashed a school bus into the hole.
  And a tree ripped the back of the school bus open.
  So the way to get into this cave was to walk into the back of a 1950s school bus past the  tractor, which is now 20 feet underground.
  Keep climbing down through a nightmarish crawl space, which then opens up into a 30 foot  domed cave with an underground lake with albino crayfish and shackles on the wall, which looked  like they're from pirate time and just these passageways that you could just crawl for  hours.
  My God.
  Incredible.
  So wild Disney world.
  Did you spend any time at Church Street Station?  Terror on Church Street.
  It was the first year round haunted house that I'd ever seen.
  Wow.
  Rosy O'Grady's.
  Yes, I did.
  I did.
  I think I had like a Shirley Temple there.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  The balloon one, the Phineas Fogs hot air balloon.
  Something like that.
  Yeah.
  Was it Jules Verne themed or?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It was a balloon.
  I could look it up at Phineas.
  It was a balloon.
  Are you in a balloon or?  I already.
  Phineas.
  I already forget.
  Again, people are screaming.
  We're pining for Church Street Station, although we have not been.
  Is it still there?  It's kind of decayed.
  We got into it in our Pleasure Island episode.
  Phineas Fogs.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Which I only know because there's this bizarre opening of a I don't know the real around  the world in 80 days.
  I know this cartoon one where there's a lion and there's a you guys just watched the intro  on YouTube.
  It's a really bizarre song where he's this lion marching along in clothes, sings fog.
  I'm the one who made the bet.
  He like his own name at the top.
  It's a really strange Gertner.
  I'm talking I'm going to tell you about myself and that's how I start recommended around  the world.
  I believe there was an animated 20,000 leagues in the 90s.
  I feel like I saw that in the suggested videos column doing research for this episode.
  It seems like one of these properties that has like the League of Fantastic Extraordinary  Gentlemen.
  You're trying and they never quite.
  They never quite get it.
  All of this type of HG Wells and and Jules were in both.
  It seems like they yeah they'll they'll be attempts at making these movies but see us  sometimes with kind of an unpleasant 2001 type gene not the film but the year.
  You know like the extraordinary gentleman is that sort of like an unpleasant early 2000s  movie.
  Yeah and it's so interesting because I've read a lot of those comics and they're so  like there's such a striving to have like period appropriate storytelling and like scratchy  almost woodcut looking art.
  This wonderful comics artist Kevin O'Neill doing the art and then the movies are just  like Alan quarter made like pulling up like lock and load like Tom Sawyer with a gun.
  So intense although one of the few portrayals of Captain Nemo where he is Indian.
  That's true in the novels.
  There was an Omar Sharif Captain Nemo movie or mini series too.
  I don't think I realize that he's a he's a whitewashed character in.
  I think in the books they get into like he was a Indian prince who fled his country after  a failed uprising and stuff.
  But usually portrayed by like a James Mason.
  Yeah getting proper British gentleman well I guess we could start moving into this neck  of the woods.
  Yeah anyway is this too crazy.
  Am I all too all over the place with this Florida stuff.
  No no no no no.
  I'm worried I'm skipping so feel free to go backwards.
  I think you're our first Florida resident on the show.
  So were you well we in before we get in like 1977 when when it or no excuse me 72 when  Disney opens were you there.
  No one.
  Oh my god.
  82 for Epcot.
  Real German.
  That's what I'm thinking of myself.
  Jurassic Park move there.
  Wrong year.
  My parents my parents moved there before I was conceived.
  Of course.
  I think in 1970 I want to say maybe 1971.
  And the reason I know this is because my mom got this thing in the mail that said Disney  World is opening and for two hundred dollars will give you this like license with your  with your picture on it and it will be a lifetime pass to Walt Disney World.
  Oh wow.
  200 bucks.
  So incredible.
  It was just it was like it was one of those.
  Wait would they honor that today.
  How do they not.
  I mean unless unless they just go like we're just not anymore.
  Which is possible.
  They'll do those things.
  What about that.
  Wasn't there that airline that like had that that frequent flyer deal where you just buy  you get like one hundred thousand dollars and you get two seats forever.
  And that one guy took such advantage of it.
  Yeah.
  Like there's a million of dollars.
  Right.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  To do it.
  Yeah.
  I'm sure.
  Yeah.
  There's all these.
  Where no one thought like early on I just got an thing for the Warner Brothers Dubai  Land that says that if you pay the price right now that it'll still be like locked in forever.
  Of course chances are that's going to close in two years.
  So it's not going to be so worth it.
  But who knows maybe it'll be the greatest theme park on earth and we're making a big  mistake not doing it.
  This is could be the best investment you could make.
  Yeah.
  And all you have to do is fly to Dubai often.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's easy.
  No problem.
  So you're so you're aware it looms large as it's how.
  Wait how far.
  How far are you.
  I'm two hours north.
  We would go once or twice a year.
  Yes I you know I grew up going to Disney obviously when I was little and then I pretty much I  I went to Epcot on the opening like week maybe really fourth day.
  I take the monorail to Epcot and just to watch the we're getting ready for you video which  I suggest you guys check out which is pretty awesome.
  And is it in some like preview center kind of spot.
  The monorail would take you to spaceship earth or basically to the monorail stop and you  could see this construction.
  Wow.
  And then they would just get everybody and just show you this video.
  We're getting ready for you.
  Wow.
  Oh my god.
  Very psyched.
  And I feel like once Epcot opened I don't think I I don't think I went to Disney for  a very long.
  I was highly obsessed with Epcot and then full time Epcot when you get down there.
  Understandably it's new.
  You've done all the other stuff.
  Yeah.
  I mean I do stuff happening in the Magic Kingdom I guess.
  And those like I'm trying to think what would have gone in in the early 80s.
  Not until like 90s Tomorrowland.
  You know.
  Yeah.
  90s is kind of the big resurgence.
  And I guess when I think of like exciting 80s 90s Disney stuff it's Disney MGM Studios  and Pleasure Island and things.
  But like Magic Kingdom's sort of just what it is for a long time.
  So also obsessed with MGM Studios.
  Yeah.
  Which goes back to what we were talking about earlier where they you know the Spielberg  and Lucas concept of selling filmmaking as an adventure.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  You were saying well this is before we started recording.
  Oh right.
  Then you like yeah your theory that wait that filmmakers are like the last like at some  point in the 80s filmmakers became the adventurers that we idealize instead of who Lucas and  Spielberg growing up by grew up idealizing.
  Yeah.
  Because Lucas didn't you have the over the hill theory where you needed to have a you  needed to set an adventure where your subject like goes over that hill in the distance and  goes on an adventure.
  But.
  Oh OK sure.
  But so we I feel like we ran out of hills.
  You know there's no true adventures left in the world.
  So they started marketing being a filmmaker as an adventure which is I mean ridiculous  but it worked.
  We all bought it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We also have that other great adventure what it's like to be a stand up comedian.
  It's true.
  The greatest tale that can be told.
  The 70 things.
  Funness and.
  Yeah the set went bad.
  What's going to happen now.
  You've got to pay dues.
  Oh man.
  Sorry kid you got bumped.
  Oh no.
  Not again.
  The red light.
  What's that?  Oh boy.
  Yeah hey who's to say there's not adventure left in the world.
  But but you know yeah you're there in the early 80s and when the future is now the future  was born on October 1st 1982 as a shirt I wear says and you're like oh god you're right  there for when it's like glistening and new.
  I'm very jealous of that.
  I feel like I.
  Oh my old show was kind of like my cartoon was sort of like like if you could do like  me idealizing what it was probably like in the early 80s.
  So yeah what do you what do you know.
  What was it like.
  It was just like I mean it just had a sort of a sheen to it.
  You know everything was sparkling and new and anything that was sort of like grayish  but kicked rainbows when the light hit it.
  I had rainbows now it's like you know dull and chipping and so this whole place was like  and there was there were tons of like that you know did you guys see that video of the  the what's his name.
  He's got figment the imagination dream dream dream finder.
  He was walking around you know and you'd talk to him and really was so many different kinds  of like weird robots that would talk to you because that was sort of new you know the  ability to like remote control a big shiny new robot they would be like you know do you  know you can get your reservations to eat at Japan.
  Who is the smart one is a smart one.
  He's on communicator with the big eyes right.
  The huge eyes.
  Yeah.
  The dress.
  Yeah.
  Boxy old robots favorite thing.
  And just I mean yeah it was wonderful it was wonderful it was also very it felt very academic  I was like oh the future is going to be great because this seems like a place of learning.
  I mean I was very young but it seemed like it seemed like wow we're all everybody all  we're all on the same page and the future is going to be people that are excited about  learning and now it's it doesn't feel like that so much.
  You were but you were into the educational aspect very much.
  Well totally I feel like I've never heard this perspective because even I as a kid was  like I like my rap God enjoyment is kind of in retrospect like I didn't like going there  as a kid too much and I started really that became my my spot probably in the 2000s.
  But yeah what would you like.
  What was your I mean I know you guys were your pavilions.
  We're talking I mean I don't even know if I can rank it.
  I guess I guess what I'll say is if I immediately think about it of course I'm going to start  with the universe of energy because the line is going to be shorter and I like the way  it smells it's got that weird smells like barbecue the dinosaur ride.
  Oh did it.
  I mean like the burn like it's the volcano or the ash or something.
  This weird smell it was very very pungent and then then Horizons which was my favorite  ride Horizons is that's a whole you guys need to do a whole episode.
  I mean that's talked Horizons much that I think that's one of the big one.
  That's a major that is a big one that is in around twenty twenty three.
  I'm not going to say yeah that's that's very what if we did it where you could at the end  you could choose a different path into what episode.
  That's what I love this I love choosing and I but I don't remember which was my favorite.
  I probably space space or underwater like I've never I guess I like the desert a little  more now because it's kind of like a popular one you know two hour drive as a vacation  destination in California.
  But as a kid I was like no deserts are that's where it's just cactuses and people die there.
  Don't forget don't forget the desert had I feel like I'm starting to step on Horizons  here the desert had a much like Soren it shot the smell of oranges in your face because  it was a terraformed desert that's covered in orange groves.
  Wow.
  Oh right.
  OK.
  This is why you know I've been meaning to bring this up on the show.
  Doug Jones who was a guest on the show and a Horizons expert wrote a big article about  it.
  He had a big complaint about our show and maybe other listeners have been stewing on  this as well.
  He told it to me very feasibly almost in the way you know when the tweets have the claps  between the words it was almost like that and he spelled it out like watching a ride  through is not the same as going on the ride.
  Sure.
  You know in some cases we have no choice.
  Right.
  In other cases we have wimped out of rides and the only alternative is to watch the ride  throughs.
  But thinking about you've just listed several examples of smells and rides that I had not  heard of and this is why it's I mean I went on both of those as a kid but I wasn't taking  notes.
  I didn't know there was a podcast coming 30 years down the line.
  I mentioned this on our text chain.
  My family found a video of me at like 12 age 12 goofing on the universe of energy after  I had I was making fun of it because I said well I like I like there we saw some dinosaurs  and then we watched a movie for a while.
  I was like whoa I don't remember that because I don't even remember I don't I said probably  on the episode universe manager I didn't have such a great memory of going on the ride but  there I am goofing on it.
  I'll get this I'll upload this eventually but because that because because actually  the universe of energy starts with a movie.
  Yes starts right.
  I mean I don't know if I was confused at the time.
  There's two there's two movies really and then cue the dinos.
  Oh because who does it now.
  Is it Ellen.
  Now it's over.
  Oh is it really.
  It's going to be Guardians of the Galaxy.
  Well I mean I guess it was basically promoting Exxon so I should know.
  Oh yeah.
  It's still.
  It's so odd.
  Mickey about it and an out of very hideously out of date.
  Bill Nye.
  Like version of Ellen and the and the or the animatronic which she when the riot closed  she brought it out on the show and was like so horrified by her own like non-visage she  like even she like can't she's like can we get this out of here.
  I don't even want to do this as a bit.
  This is this is gone.
  Uncanny Valley.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh they wish if they were thinking sculpts that uncanny valley levels.
  So then.
  So let's see if I if I'm if I'm going.
  You're ideal day.
  I've got is new if we transport to eighty two eighty three.
  So we pretty much I feel like we always want clockwise although I can't imagine a world  where I would have let my dad bring us to the World Showcase before seeing the land  and imagination.
  But I'm just going to say I'm going to say we're doing a clockwise.
  Just because that's the way I think.
  So.
  So then Mexico which I still think is the most successful immersive non-ride experience  in all of the parks that I have seen.
  Huh.
  Just that that interior that.
  And then just like oh I'm outside and there's volcanoes and it's it does still look great.
  You can't see the ceiling dark enough.
  You can't see the ceiling.
  Yeah.
  That's important.
  Like your small world.
  Although I realized I besides passing through it because it was never really my family's  thing the pictures I've seen of the German beer hall look pretty cool.
  Not on the level of Mexico but I'm like oh I should see what that's like sometime.
  Do you have any memories.
  So fun.
  Yeah.
  So fun because my uncle was obsessed with Germany because he liked Porsche.
  So we would go my uncle Howard.
  So we would go when he was in town we go to Germany and it was super fun.
  They do all kinds of dancing and singing and like dads are chugging beer and like it's  got a very like very boisterous environment where everything else is a little bit more  chill.
  That place was like people are screaming and going crazy.
  So also after Mexico for five years maybe more there was a sign saying coming soon Africa.
  Africa.
  Yeah.
  So sight really.
  Yeah.
  I think it's Haley right.
  The roots author Alex Haley in one of the Epcot TV specials they like interviewed him  about like yes we're working with you know this pavilion is going to be great.
  Like this is yeah it's going to be really good and just never happened.
  Yeah.
  Because I want to say it was like maybe Zimbabwe because you know it's got to be usually it's  one country that spawns.
  They were going to try and do a whole content that feels like a very like American.
  Yeah that's problematic.
  Lots of countries in Africa.
  You got all you got this.
  All of you need to fit in this.
  I think that would have been a little problematic and complicated to if they still had it is  the was that is that where Norway ended up being Norway.
  No because then it was Japan or China.
  That was China China.
  And it was Japan where I saw Pat Marita.
  Whoa.
  My dad said Mr.
 Marita it would be our honor if you would let me and my sons dine with  you and he said no.
  I thought that was going to be a picture.
  But that's what happens when you get famous people and you have just sort of everyday  people like you're my friend because you know we love the credit kids.
  We're familiar.
  Boy wax off.
  So let's actually I'm going to make this a specific day because let's say that we then  ate in Japan which we did.
  That's where my dad always go my dad.
  Then Norway which didn't have the ride yet.
  The Maelstrom.
  Is that what it's called.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There without the ride.
  It was called it was without the ride and then it was without trolls.
  I think maybe did have trolls and now it's something.
  Yeah.
  The ride never really changed that much.
  I love the ride.
  Oh I've never seen the frozen one.
  Yeah no it's frozen.
  So then Germany and America and Italy and France you know you just sort of like let's  go let's go.
  Come on.
  You walk there you know Morocco's.
  What a dis of the American adventure.
  They're wonder they're wonderful.
  We would see that if as long as we had seen imagination in the land then we would see  America.
  If the clock's ticking.
  Let's go.
  Let's go.
  As you're saying this I'm realizing I don't know if I've ever been in World Showcase in  the morning.
  I feel like that was always like well we got to do some future world stuff and then we'll  go to World Showcase.
  Right.
  And like the sun setting it's beautiful.
  Yes.
  It looks very nice.
  Although I did find out at some point I don't know if this is still the case but you can  go in because World Showcase always open second.
  Future World always open first in the morning.
  But you can go in the back entrance of the park the International Gateway.
  You can go in a little before opening because the bakeries like the French bakery I think  is open for breakfast.
  And you've never been there in the morning.
  And I've never been there.
  I could like just I found out.
  Treats in the morning and you haven't been there.
  I know.
  What's wrong with you.
  I know.
  You're a fraud.
  I just found out that there was another entrance.
  I think from you guys.
  Oh really.
  Yeah like the International Gateway.
  It's amazing.
  Yeah.
  It's near Italy or something.
  It's where is it.
  It's between the UK.
  It's kind of a UK zone.
  And then you go to Yacht and Beach Club and Boardwalk back there.
  Those hotels and it's a lovely little walk.
  And as I've said many times now you go have a drink at the Abracadabra.
  My favorite bar in Disney World.
  Wow.
  This is a newer establishment.
  Can anyone go there or is he a guest of the.
  Anyone can use the International Gateway.
  You're being magicians only.
  I think maybe.
  Hey.
  Presto.
  You're doing magic right now.
  The audience can't see it.
  I'm a magician.
  I think a point of clarification.
  I think we blew through International Gateway talk in the past because someone had messaged  us and said anyone can use that.
  It's not just for hotel guests.
  I think what we were saying was that like yeah if you're staying at the hotels by that  entrance it's very convenient.
  Right.
  And then I think I said that there was a boat from Hollywood Studios to Epcot and you said  no it was to the hotels but then someone clarified that yes indeed you could take a transfer  boat.
  So we were both correct.
  You guys got in a little like snippy fight.
  We did get into a fight.
  I guess yeah also some of those policies may have changed in between 1995 and 2018.
  But you have to keep up on the policies especially an aspiring Disney politician as yourself.
  Well.
  That's not your jurisdiction.
  That's not my jurisdiction at all.
  Be aware of the sister parks.
  Sure.
  I think that interrupted your day.
  No no I feel like I'm doing too much.
  But I love it very much.
  I very I like the idea.
  You also by the way are mentioning things that we do.
  We have not we have not really talked about Mexico.
  We have not.
  We were heading to things we haven't.
  We haven't talked a lot about Canada or a lot of these.
  If on this podcast you do full episodes on all these rides think of this brief.
  Think of this brief overview as the map to looking at the map.
  So it's like the preview center.
  We're all.
  What was this.
  In the preview center video.
  We're waiting for you.
  We're getting ready for you.
  Oh my God.
  You went to go see that multiple times just that and then leave.
  I say that I absolutely would have done.
  Because it's a large chunk of your day.
  Getting all the way over there.
  To make that whole ride.
  Absolutely.
  I mean just imagine seeing the dome with you know half of it is this weird stucco and half  of it is the silvery.
  This is so.
  You're mocking me how much I want to.
  We're doing it now.
  We go to start.
  We go to Disneyland and look at the fake rocks at Star Wars land.
  That's a thing we like to do.
  So I can imagine hypothetically especially now that I have kind of so iconic and beloved  thinking to go in to see it being constructed is just we are we are so excited thinking  about it I think.
  The way you guys feel is how I feel about seeing like the Columbia exhibit in Chicago.
  You know the Chicago World's Fair that.
  Oh yeah.
  That inspired Walt Disney to make a.
  Of course.
  That inspired H.
H.
 Holmes to.
  To submit it to complete his work.
  And both are my heroes for two different reasons.
  Both very driven men.
  Both built very distinct castles.
  They had visions.
  They had visions.
  They built immersive environments that generate emotion.
  So.
  So then we'd go.
  Always we'd go to the Canada Circle Theater.
  Because we love the song.
  And this was before Martin Short.
  And on the day that we saw Pat Morita and Aidan Japan.
  Then we went to the Circle Theater and I threw up in the middle of the.
  Middle of the place.
  I'm very shy.
  I was very shy.
  I would never like throw up in public and I threw up right in the middle of like all  of the Circle Theater.
  It was just too much.
  Whoa.
  Did you get the like people recoiling and backing up.
  Yes.
  Luckily it was at the very end.
  I'm like I think I did it.
  I made it.
  I made it through the whole thing.
  I feel really.
  And then the doors opened.
  Did it surprise you?  Total surprise.
  That's never.
  I don't think that's happened since where I didn't think I was going to throw up and  then I did.
  And this is in the.
  It's in it's in the Circle Vision Theater and they do if you haven't been to a Disney  Circle Vision movie in a while there are rails that you hold.
  And I was like in case you were gripping.
  I was holding onto the rail.
  And I remember looking down.
  I mean like I still feel bad.
  And then so.
  Nice.
  Those things are there's something weird about those things for sure.
  And just imagine that because they're shot on 70 millimeters.
  So just the equipment to film those things must be beautiful.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like real technical feats for sure.
  But also yeah like those things because there's no like digital stitch up points really.
  So probably some of those cameras would get kind of out of.
  I do remember like odd odd lines and stuff.
  Yeah.
  They overlap and feel ghosty and.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I could see why it would like bug you out is what I'm saying.
  But I guess like in the 80s if I think back if I could you know with being able to look  back in the 80s the thing that there was different then was you could be completely earnest about  something you know what I mean.
  Like there was no a crowd in the Circle Theater of Canada wouldn't be like a movie.
  What is this one?  You know what I mean.
  Like it was just like oh shit.
  Well all right great.
  We're going to learn about Canada and like the whole audience would be on board like  taking notes like you could be like a muscle guy in the 80s with like a sleeveless shirt  and like sunglasses and you could make like flex your bicep and kiss your bicep and look  at somebody and not be joking.
  Like it was like that's the difference of the 80s.
  You can be completely the sincerity earnest and sincere.
  Yeah.
  It's better now.
  It's better now than it was then.
  But that's that was the difference culturally.
  Well but maybe like I think what I like trying in a supremely snarky time and when commercials  are all like they're all little rifty joke machines and stuff.
  Would it be funny if we ate at Connell's Jr.
 or whatever?  Oh yeah yeah.
  Even brands present themselves ironically.
  It's also strange but like that that deeply earnest way that ads used to be the Epcot  movie you're talking about the Church Street Station ad that we talked about in the Pleasure  Island episode.
  Yeah so like so so deeply earnest and that that I think that might be a lot of what you  know excites me about old Epcot.
  It seems like you know like that I understand why they would do let's get a comedian in  this ride and never kind of make fun of the dinosaurs.
  Totally makes sense as a 90s turn but oh my god the 80s where you didn't need that.
  People would just like it's a beautiful score.
  These robots are very well rendered.
  Yeah it is the swing in the 90s is so hard too because I mean Eric Idle's on Figment,  Martin Short goes into Canada, Ellen goes on Univer.
.
.
 like everyone was reacting to  it like well no one wants to be sincere anymore.
  Everyone wants snark, everyone wants funny.
  We'll get the funniest people and they'll make the funniest jokes on our rides from  now on.
  A swarm of comedians.
  Yeah like.
  Blink the park.
  Blink the park.
  Yeah.
  Like the monkeys.
  Invaded Epcot Center and a few of them are still in there.
  And in the last great adventurers of our time.
  Yeah.
  Just slandered comedians.
  So let's see so then I think Canada ends it also Canada those when you're in that little  area with the waterfalls and the cliffs and you're looking up at the Quebec building.
  Very cool.
  Very beautiful.
  Very very beautiful.
  And the Morocco Pavilion across from it.
  Also beautiful.
  Delicious food.
  Really incredible architecture.
  The tile work it's just a masterpiece.
  Look how earnest we're being.
  We got the Epcot spirit.
  I'm worried coming on here because I have no snark towards these places.
  I love them so much.
  You know sometimes we do and sometimes we don't.
  Like you know I think we like ragging on some weird bad thing or like food rocks is silly  but I think it is a fear we have sometimes.
  It's like do we just love this?  There's not a lot to.
.
.
  People just I mean we don't talk we don't talk too much about I guess we always talk  about ourselves but I mean we don't talk we're not analyzing ourselves but when I hear people  talk about the show that we do they do talk about our sincerity which I don't know that  I necessarily know that I'm doing it.
  I also feel like I'm really being flippant about this stuff but apparently I'm just like  I love this stuff so much.
  I love it.
  Like that's really what it's coming off as.
  Well those moments every one of those moments is worth ten little jabs I think.
  They shine brighter I think.
  Maybe it's because these things are precious to you and so they're worthy of criticism.
  Interesting maybe.
  I think well also like just what it's just what you like and what you believe.
  Like I mean I think a lot of people if you corner someone and go like what do you believe?  What do you what's your whole what are you all about?  Like people will often clam up and shut down or like.
  Sure.
  I don't believe that you would point your finger at them like that.
  They would clam up.
  What do you why do you believe in God?  You know like.
  Here's a walk around character I don't want to say.
  Yeah this is.
  Atheist accuser.
  What is Epcot's new character like a new atheist guy?  I guess he sells books.
  Sincere man.
  But you know you come up to me on the street point at me ask what you believe.
  I think I would spit back as fast as I could upon getting my bearings.
  I believe that the future began on October 1st 1982.
  Well that's what your full back tattoo says.
  Let me flex it for you guys.
  Very good.
  Everybody get a view.
  All right great.
  Wait but we've looped back around.
  So then just quickly just doing the circle of I mean I'm not going to spend time on imagination  that was probably the most important thing to me at the park.
  The land which was a close second.
  I come see my garden guys and Eagle Rock because it's all inspired by the land.
  Oh wow hydroponics.
  It's got hydroponics.
  That's wild.
  Wait wait wait.
  Wait this is another level.
  This is I love the land.
  I love it very much.
  We've heard of many you know Michael Jackson old singer Bobby Sherman they make their main  street in their backyard.
  They recreate the famous Disney mainstream but I have yet to hear anyone recreate the  land.
  Wow.
  The one I'm trying to which I will someday do when I retire from this industry when I'm  70 I hope.
  Sure.
  Will be the one where the fish live under the water and the fish fertilizes the plants  but then the plant plants drop stuff and it feeds the fish and it's sort of like this  cycle that goes forever.
  So you can buy very low key like tabletop versions of that.
  Yeah I'm into that.
  I want to try that.
  And then the eels anyway.
  So yeah.
  Wow.
  Well wasn't it you guys you just did the one about the cabaret the kitchen.
  That's an example of one that even when I was little my dad would be like you guys don't  want to do that one day.
  It was like no don't worry about it.
  Don't worry.
  So we did not do you could not feel it.
  Yeah.
  So you don't mind that we snarked about that one.
  That's outside the purview.
  I was like that's that's that's talking down to me.
  Yeah sure sure.
  Yeah they know how much me a kid likes the 40s vaudeville music.
  And food culture.
  But even as we're saying this now like this stuff of like yeah we made some jokes about  it.
  If someone said like hey do you want to get in a car and go to that right now.
  I go like yes absolutely.
  Oh yeah.
  I'd rather be doing that than pretty much anything else.
  So you're sultry what tomato.
  Who is the going like there are a couple boys you want to learn about some sort of whatever  they.
  I forget already.
  It depends on what your tastes are.
  I mean anything that show could really be.
  I was going to say there's a couple of sexy characters.
  I mean I think is the safe choice.
  People probably found that milk carton kind of handsome.
  Yeah.
  As a reason he stuck around it was in Food Rocks 2.
  But he was called Dairy Man.
  What was it called.
  Mr.
 Dairy Goods I believe was his name.
  Just a normal human saying.
  No.
  Just a regular.
  I'm a seer about this podcast.
  It's all snark.
  The other thing that I would also be snarky about back then would be something seemed  like pandering to me about oftentimes about parades or like spectaculars unless it was  a night spectacular.
  So during the day they would do this spectacular that was like lots of purple smoke and explosions  and air boats and like the evil dragon men have come to steal our imagination cube.
  You know like that literally parachute into the show with smoke on their parachutes and  be like this is a little silly.
  So like that.
  I don't know about this one.
  Was that an earlier thing.
  Yes it's called like just look up what it's I mean all I can think of is like phantasmagic  but that's not it.
  Obviously something like it was kind it was done by like in inventions right.
  Like sort of by the fountain and all.
  It was right in the center of the lake.
  It was multiple boats.
  I think this is.
  Oh wait no this is different.
  Oh OK.
  High speed boats going all around the lake fighting each other.
  We got to see this.
  Because this is this other one where Mickey is learning to harness the power of water  right.
  And he like summons an army of people on stilts and they're so they're all very tall and they're  all wearing metallic Mickey shaped armor on their chests.
  He's like and then and then like a like a robot dragon appears and shoots fire.
  It might have been.
  I don't think so.
  I think this was a 90s thing though.
  Well the boats were dragon heads.
  So whatever you find the boats are dragons heads and they're going very fast.
  This was like a dragon head like poking out of a planter.
  So like it hid in just in a big planner in that Epcot you know garden area.
  So it could have been a reprise a repeated dragon head.
  But finding out that there are multiple dragon related shows in Epcot history.
  What a delight.
  That was big in that when the Epcot opening was the whole colorful smoke.
  I remember that being purple.
  Oh green smoke.
  So that was also I didn't like daytime fireworks.
  You just saw a quick flash and then it was mostly the smoke after.
  I was.
  And then the last thing that opened at Epcot that I was excited about and felt really rewarded  was the Living Sea.
  Oh that's right.
  It was a little later.
  Seas 86 I think.
  That was the last thing that I was like a little while.
  I can't believe this is going to open and when it did I was like I can't believe how  great it is.
  Oh sure.
  See like those sea cabs.
  I was so into it.
  That was the first thing that why my wife thought she didn't like Epcot because the  one time she went they were laid the first thing they went on were the sea cabs and her  dad was like this place sucks.
  Sea cabs and they left immediately.
  And until we met she assumed Epcot was bad and I was like no but there's this whole thing  where it's the future but it's from the 80s and you just you got to check it out.
  So the sea cabs spoiled her experience.
  But I don't know.
  That was before they turned it into Nemo.
  Now Nemo are in the sea cabs.
  See that's my family had the opposite in that like the restaurant in that pavilion.
  We were all jazzed every trip we would eat at the Living Seas restaurant.
  I think that is the first and one of the few places I've ever eaten turtle at.
  No.
  They had turtle soup as you could look at turtles.
  You were like the shredder.
  You finally dined on turtle soup.
  This is that is a story I think I've told to some people are surprised by like how many  first food experiences I remember having at Disney World.
  I remember being the first place I ever had hummus balsamic vinegar.
  Fakes.
  Keep going.
  Like I think that's mostly it.
  But just these weird oddities like of like yeah was that Spoodles.
  You remember Spoodles?  You guys ever eat at Spoodles?  Where was Spoodles?  Spoodles is at the Boardwalk Hotel.
  I think I did eat at Spoodles.
  Yeah they would give you bread with hummus even though it was an Italian restaurant.
  That was like what their bread service was and my family was all kind of like what is  this?  I'm like oh this is good.
  Were they did they all try it or what because my dad still.
  Yeah everyone tried it and everyone liked it.
  Little suspicious of hummus.
  Won't have hummus.
  I go you know it's just chickpeas.
  It's not any hummus.
  I still think it was very unique back then.
  I don't know that it was like available at supermarkets as much and then we were in the  Millennial Village I think it was called like the sort of World's Fair in the sound stage  at the back entrance of Epcot.
  Like there was a pavilion where a man like we sat on pillows and he told us about his  country and his culture and poured us tea and gave us plates of figs and it was like  that felt like the most like hands on because it wasn't like super crowded.
  It was like wow this is like an Epcot pavilion like just for us.
  Like it was a very neat like personalized.
  It's a great way to describe an unpopular attraction.
  I guess it was also huge so I feel like it ate up people.
  But yeah it was turned towards the millennium was coming and everything was exciting.
  The world's going to be a utopia or the world's going to end in 2000.
  That was kind of one of two ways.
  You know it turned out it was ending just very slowly.
  Just now I'm picturing kind of like a yearbook type photo of you looking very studious and  proud with the quote under it and they would give you bread with hummus.
  I just want that to be very associated with you.
  It's funny the park stuff like I did not have a lot of friends.
  I mean I had friends who would go certainly but like no one I ever really like geeked  out with even like the friends that I would like nerd out about like comics or like movies  or comedy or stuff like theme parks was never in this.
  So it felt very personal to me and like to my family and like we were all kind of on  the same page.
  It was the most intense clearly.
  You would go up to kids at school and be like I tried hummus.
  I tried hummus for the free one and talk about it.
  Did you guys know there's more than one vinegar?  Anyway to get back on track.
  Go to a world showcase and get cultured.
  Get cultured yeah.
  And shnoodles.
  Drink a turtle.
  From the living seas to a different seas.
  Oh yeah.
  We figured it out.
  Descending 20,000 leagues.
  20,000 leagues.
  All the way 20,000 leagues deep under the sea.
  Well so let's talk about this.
  You have a person you have an attachment not just to this ride but to this film it seems  like.
  Very much.
  Yeah.
  So I and I try to remember why and how that happened because when you watch it now I think  it's like three hours long.
  Yeah.
  And it's dry.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  It's like the wonderful world of Disney.
  Okay.
  Possibly.
  I think that is statistically very likely.
  Yeah so that it might be that or I might have seen it possibly projected someplace because  in the early 80s they would have movies would come back to the theater.
  So it's like oh you didn't see Indiana Jones.
  It'll be back.
  It'll be back next fall.
  So anyway it was something about the combination of my sort of like pre-goth tendencies mixed  with the idea of like humanity is dumb and I'm going to escape and like enter a magical  world on my own mixed with Kirk Douglas was cool and I love Peter Laurie and James Mason  love the way he sounded.
  I was obsessed with pipe organs for some reason.
  I always like like I was very into learning the pipe organ and 20,000 leagues under the  sea like inspired me to self teach my to to be self whatever.
  I thought I taught myself to cut and Fugue and D minor because I was so obsessed with  being Captain Nemo and that complicated song.
  Oh and it's difficult to figure it out.
  It's tough.
  Yeah.
  I didn't the end part a little rusty but the beginning.
  Does it get really like yeah it gets really.
  That plays in this ride and in the movie.
  That's what Captain Nemo plays in his pipe or that's what he plays in the in the movie  but in the ride they they play the theme like an extended version of the theme.
  Yeah I think they play an extended version of the and it pretty much never stops.
  No no through the entire ride.
  Also I was reading about it.
  It was also it was like a bed so if there was a delay that could keep playing but they  could cue the narration parts like as needed.
  Yeah we just chill for a while and you would just hear the organ music very pleasant for  me.
  I was I was very into orchestral music when I was a young child.
  But when you're waiting in the line they would play Whale of a Tale without lyrics which  is Kirk Douglas's song.
  Until I watched it in preparation for this I was not familiar with maybe not any of it  embarrassingly.
  I don't think I knew the organ thing and I didn't know the song.
  The song's a lot of fun.
  Yeah it's a good song.
  I swear by my tattoo.
  Kirk Douglas had to go we had to stretch outside of himself to sing.
  I don't think he's known as a singer.
  No but he knocked it out of the park.
  Yeah he's super charismatic.
  Also just I gotta tell you it makes me feel great knowing that he is still alive.
  Right yeah yeah yeah.
  Doing okay.
  Yes yeah can still like speak.
  It seems like the odds are against it but he does he'll speak at things.
  Yeah he did the Oscars a couple years ago.
  So you would be walking through it just seemed like a perfectly Disney thing because back  then it wasn't like oh have you guys heard about steampunk.
  It's like you wear an Abraham Lincoln hat but it's made of copper.
  It wasn't like that.
  It was like.
  It didn't really have a name when this movie was out.
  Right.
  Even like for a while after this movie was out.
  It was just like.
  Like a design aesthetic more like what the ship looks like what the submarine looks like.
  Yeah yeah it was it was well I mean it was like.
  Jules Verne shit.
  Jules Verne HG Wells shit.
  Public domain science early science fiction.
  And it just looked so beautiful.
  It looks so perfect where you like there was something about where it was and I don't remember  exactly where it was placed but something around the lines of like it was near frontier  land but it was also near fantasy land.
  It was like a really nice merge.
  It also merged.
  No it was Tomorrowland right.
  So it was fantasy.
  It was fantasy land technically.
  That was an interesting thing I came across across sort of relearning about this ride  is is you know of course in Disneyland and Anaheim they had the submarine voyage but  it was much more like 50s kind of Cold War like you know the submarines America's first  line of underwater defense and it was very novel.
  Eventually it became more research submarines as that became very popular and they wanted  to put it in Florida.
  But they're like oh we're kind of running out of room in Tomorrowland but if we like  put a theme over it we can get it in somewhere else like fantasy land.
  Where like oh well we the 20,000 Leagues movie is still looms large in people's mind and  the ride itself seemed kind of similar.
  It had a lot of similarities to the Anaheim version but this except Captain Nemo is there  and you are in the Nautilus.
  And it was one of these sort of like these seamless transitions that I'm so into at Disney  where you don't see where you sort of seamlessly entered into another world right.
  So because it was a perfect connector between fantasy and future is retro future and it  was also fantasy and.
  But it makes sense it ties into Frontierland and stuff too because it's it is past technology.
  And I also grew up in like near all these weird waterways and I thought it would be  really cool if I had my own submarine and I would like see people's boats and like go  to boat communities and sink them with my own.
  Go to war with war as some have described Nemo.
  So I thought when I was growing up that it was the most successful immersive experience  at Disney right because because pirates is awesome but there's a part of pirates where  it just feels like it feels like a little bit of a ride.
  It's very immersive but I would say the Haunted Mansion is the most successful immersive experience  for me at Disney.
  There's no point when I go like just a ride like I would actually get sucked in when I  was little completely to Haunted Mansion.
  Sure.
  But 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea was so perfectly effective because you get into an actual once  you go through the very long line you get into an actual submarine that is clearly below  water and if those those portals broke you're gonna die.
  I mean you're underwater you know what I mean.
  It's not like they're not projecting it on a screen you are in a submarine underwater.
  If you're freaked out by that then you're probably not gonna go on this ride.
  It would like when they'd close the hatch your ears would pop a little bit so that you  know that there's some sort of suction related thing going on.
  So Scott says this so here's my quick story about this and I don't know what's true and  what's not because I was very little.
  We were in line I forget it's probably like 89 or something we were in line for this ride  and it was a it's always a long line because it's a very hard to get in and out to load  people in and out for these subs it still is in Disneyland.
  It takes so the line gets very long.
  There was no fast pass my parents didn't have any idea they didn't have a guide to tell  which so we were there probably for like what felt like an hour and a half I think in line  my parents were exhausted and I'm like four or five years old and we get to the front  of the line and I say to my mom I have to go to the bathroom and my mom's like we we  just got here and she's like I'm like no I have to go so we got out of line I never went  on this ride.
  Oh no.
  I now here's the interesting thing I think in hindsight I might have been lying because  I was afraid of the ride.
  Because you were scared?  I don't know for sure.
  My memories betray me I'm not sure what the deal is I think though I was using it so I  could get off I was too scared too as you're saying this thing went under the water I didn't  like it I'm a little claustrophobic in general I'm also a little phobic about everything  in general so I'm pretty sure I used peeing as an excuse to not go on this ride and I've  never been on this ride.
  Erotic childhood trauma which we all share like usually trauma caused by our own minds  yes.
  Which is fitting because I don't want to be the one to break news I mean it'll be old  news by the time this release but I got a news alert that the novelist Philip Roth just  died at 85.
  Oh my.
  The great chronicler of neurotic Jewish protagonists.
  What a tie in.
  What a tie in.
  Yeah.
  The first Walter Cronkite moment.
  This seems like the sort of mania from a Portnoy's complaint.
  I guess I got a news alert that said that we have the dates or the dates when Star Wars  land opens on my phone and I didn't break that news for this.
  Oh really.
  You're breaking the number of the great American novelist.
  What Steph.
  Wait give us the dates Mike.
  Well I shouldn't say dates but it's summer 2019 for Disneyland fall 2019 for Disney World  for Star Wars land.
  We're beating them.
  We're beating them yeah.
  Yeah.
  So that's what we got and I didn't even report that.
  So now I know we can report anything.
  Will it be worth it for the lights?  Star Wars land.
  Well that's a whole other thing like if we're getting into rumors here they're they're doing  a whole Pixar.
  This is not a rumor.
  They're doing a whole three hundred dollar day before Pixar peer event.
  Interesting.
  So there's speculation that for months there will be a an additional upcharge Star Wars  event to get into the land and you will have your you will you won't be like you'll be  able to go on the rides.
  It'll probably actually be more comfortable but it'll be like an insane upcharge maybe  in addition to your ticket or annual pass.
  That's why you won't regret it.
  Oh I agree.
  I'll 300 bucks easy.
  Done.
  I'm out of my mind.
  You get a boy's band too thrown in right?  Yeah.
  I want to see what I want.
  Yeah I want before anybody else I'm going to see Watto's.
  Well and we gotta get away the land before our band starts playing there on a permanent  basis.
  Before Halyx 2.
0.
  Sure.
  You guys just gonna do like a flash mob of a band or?  In that we won't have permission and it'll just start happening.
  Oh good.
  We were hoping someone from Disney would have heard that one episode where we pitched ourselves  as the revival of their old 70s band?  80s band.
  80s.
  80s band Halyx.
  But yet we have not been contacted by the Disney people so we'll see.
  They have a year though.
  Yeah.
  They've got some time.
  To invite us.
  But as you all know we love breaking rules.
  Sort of what we're known for being the bad boys of Thee Park Podcasting.
  We might be the baddest boys.
  We might be the baddest boys.
  And we're not bad boys.
  Not remotely.
  The other podcast hosts they all seem like real good boys.
  I could be wrong but.
  They are uncomfortable saying like the word alcohol.
  Like I had a bit of a libation that was of the adult variety and like yeah.
  We drank alcohol together the other night.
  We got boozed up.
  Oh yeah.
  Holiday.
  If you're another Thee Park Podcast host and you think you were a tougher, cooler, more  bad boy or girl than we are.
  Let us know because I bet you're wrong.
  Yeah.
  Can you compete with us having a night where we closed out the rooftop bar at the Burbank  Holiday Inn.
  Yeah.
  Then went to the Carl Strauss or Gordon Beers.
  Gordon Beers.
  Gordon Beers.
  They're almost the same.
  And I got a glass of white wine and Jason got a brownie.
  With ice cream on it.
  And no drink.
  And no drink.
  And they brought me a plate with four spoons and I went well this won't be necessary.
  Are you like me?  Very accurate.
  And you didn't have an ID when you went to Florida so you had your friends illegally  buy you drinks for five days.
  Are you tougher than that?  I don't think so.
  Are you like me?  As you were doing research.
  I was also by the way 33 years old when I was going down.
  As you were doing research for this episode tried one of Trader Joe's new cans of wine  and then woke up in the morning with a splitting headache.
  Well I think that says it all.
  We're starting it's about time we started feuds with all these other podcasts.
  Come at us.
  This is our heel turn.
  Yeah.
  Or my fellow Gainesvillians who picked up Mickey Mouse at grad night and threw him over  the moat and got kicked out of Disneyland forever.
  Whoa.
  Too far.
  Too far.
  I'm doing the opposite thing.
  I'm doing the opposite thing.
  I'm offended sir.
  Get out of here.
  Whoa is that real?  Yes that's real.
  That's wild.
  I've seen him around once or twice but even that's too far.
  What if he hurt himself?  That was Gainesville High School.
  That was not P.
K.
 Young.
  Wow.
  And they are still banned from Disney.
  Really?  Yes.
  The school in general?  Yes.
  That's wild.
  Wow.
  Man as they should be.
  Yes.
  That's horrible.
  Keep it up.
  That is horrible.
  Save it for Silver Springs folks.
  Gainesville Eye go dive off a go dive through a flaming hoop into a tiny pool of water.
  How about that?  Yeah.
  So what was your first memory?  Do you like your first time going?  How old were you when you first went on this?  Do you remember?  Great question.
  That specific time?  You know what I remember?  I remember more strongly is coming back from there and being like I'm going to recreate  this entire experience in my living room.
  And so I would insist that my mom find refrigerator boxes and small cardboard boxes and I would  spend I mean I would the living room would be taken over by me building the Nautilus  in our living room and then cutting portholes out and putting like gelled you know gelled  cellophane over them.
  Sure.
  And then me going to my bathroom and being like this is your captain Nemo.
  And I'd be like full ahead.
  She turned on the sink and then like diving diving ding ding and I would do my impression  of the entire ride and then I would force my little brother to sit there and listen  to it.
  And that would probably be when I was oh let's say nine.
  Let's say nine.
  Even though I know I went before that.
  This is what my obsession became.
  Creating the Nautilus in my living room.
  Wow.
  Cut to the future when I started being a bad kid in Florida.
  I brought my death metal friend Sam Kessel and he saw it and he goes be cool if we broke  that right.
  I'm like yeah totally that'd be cool.
  He smashed my Nautilus and my childhood.
  That was when my childhood ended.
  And the lead singer the junkie Necrophiliac smashed the Nautilus in my living room.
  Shout out to the junkie Necrophiliac.
  He didn't even do it at a concert.
  Thanks.
  He did it in my living room.
  So yeah you'd get you'd go down into the bowels of the Nautilus and the organ music would  be playing and you'd hear Captain Nemo up there.
  I don't think you heard Ned Land or Peter Laurie whatever his character's name is.
  No.
  He might have said like but captain like but I don't think so.
  There's like a first mate who chimes in sometimes but the person doing Nemo is doing an impersonation  of James Mason.
  He is an actor named Peter Rennaday doing a James Mason impression.
  Very ominous James Mason impression.
  It wasn't terrible but I went back and watched a ride through today and I was like oh that's  not James Mason.
  No.
  Although this guy I do want to read more about him because I looked up his like filmography  and like he's still alive.
  Like he did something for he did voices in like Nausicaa the Valley of the Wind I think  like just a few years ago for the dubbed version and like just has an insane voice acting.
  The sort of career that is surely dying in the current new media landscape where it's  like oh clear this guy did a lot of additional voices or small characters but clearly this  is how he made his living for years and years.
  And we would probably never be able to have those careers now.
  You don't think so?  You don't think this VO is having problems?  Well I think it'll always be needed but I feel like every now and then I read articles  about like you know Brad Pitt does lead voice of like movie stars doing like the main.
  Character actors are gone.
  Yeah like Ches McNeals are like fallen.
  There's less and less of them sort of thing.
  That might be true but there's also there's still video games and oh that's true yeah  so I guess like new opportunities arise so but yeah this guy seemed like he had a very  cool career a very long storied career.
  Fooled me I thought it was Captain Nemo.
  So you see you would you know you the submarine was going straight it never actually submerged  but it was but what they would do is they would shoot bubbles at a at a at a diagonal  angle so it felt like you were going down diagonally and it would happen at a convenient  time right when you'd pass by a you know a reef or something and then you would it would  get like a little darker and and you know what's funny is that I never I never realized  this until this was another sort of end of childhood moment when I this is the first  snark in my life when somebody goes that right it's pretty fake I'm like what are you talking  about no it's not it's enormous and there's like fish and all kinds of stuff and you can  see all the way into the horizon they go yeah just look up like six inches you can see the  surface of the water and I was like oh no and from that point on I couldn't help but  to look up and you would see the surface of the water a foot above you but when I was  little I did not have that feeling and you would just you look and there'd be like tons  of amazing animatronics there's an animatronic grouper and and then as you as you would go  into the waterfall which where you dive again into the abyss they would have like those  light up glowing you know creatures from the bottom of the ocean and then you discovered  Atlantis which I always thought was exciting that we did we did it what's in the Atlantis  part it's just like really cool looking statues like huge statues of like people's faces and  but they're all crumbled but what's cool is is that there's like lava all around it so  like the ground is lit up and glowing red and there's bubbles coming out of it so there's  like these ruins that are inside an underwater volcano and but there's also it's like rumbling  and it seems like the rumbles is coming from outside then then a volcano starts to erupt  so they're like let's get out of here and then you get out of there and then you see  another one of another nautilus which is nice because I was like oh good they're calling  out the fact that there are multiple of these because I saw multiple right right outside  so there's a lot of these things so like oh no it's one of ours been crushed like an egg  shell and I thought that that was like a very disturbing descriptive yeah yeah and so I  had bubbles coming out of it and like it's like electricity is making the windows shock  and you can hear it's sort of like sinking and you can hear like metal twisting and like  oh shit right then reveal the squid which then attacks your nautilus right and there's  like electricity that shoots out and then the squid gets away and then you barely make  it out and then they they come up to the surface and they're like wow we did it congratulations  crew yeah you escaped I guess yeah you made it also at some point you see  mermaids and a sea serpent and like the the first mate like calls it out and so like Atlantis  all of this stuff going on Nemo's fine with that but then he goes like sea serpents mermaids  you must be losing your mind Mr.
 Baxter of course for the real heads out there for the  real theme park heads out there Mr.
 Baxter is the name of the first mate or the crew  member reference to Tony Baxter this was one of his first jobs he designed this right do  you know that well they they used a lot of the original submarine voyage but then he  was like one of the lead imagineers on like 20,000 to find it for Florida and from what  I could tell seemed you know we've we've speculated in the past about like he didn't seem very  happy about like certain decision and it seemed like this was a thing that really wrangled  some imagineers the what happened with this ride in the Anaheim version in terms of closures  and like in Anaheim's case laying dormant for so long both of them yeah yeah yeah long  stretches I have in my note on my notes on my phone that like to make sure to mention  the sea serpent mermaid part because I always felt that that joke fell flat because it was  like they'd spell all you're you're in a situation where this captain is high status and he's  like pointing stuff out and then all of a sudden he's like what there's no such thing  as a sea serpent or mermaid and they're right in front of you and the sea serpents eyes  like like googly and it's a mermaid to have this on a leash I'm like a pearl so they have  like a hierarchy they have like smiling and everybody's having a good time and then it's  like this long pause it's sort of like this is a snarky thing to say it's sort of like  when you know you go to an improv show and somebody's wearing a funny t-shirt you know  what I mean yeah no you know it's sort of like it's a hat on a hat or it's like a thing  it's like you will do anything for a laugh like it just seems like such like a slow comedy  you want to play shirt or my opinion gentlemen put a collared shirt on a polo nice put on  at oxford roll up your sleeves to make a little bit of an effort were you going out for a  nice show were you mad the years we've done improv together that I never wore a collared  shirt on stage not really no I guess it was more a goal I had for myself more of like  okay were you upset that he wore shirts that I've had too many martinis no because I mean  that's universally funny yeah I mean it's gonna you just point to it if this initial  laugh and it breaks the ice and then the show is gonna be very good maybe it's more for  someone with me with my odd body type where I'm like put in an effort I feel like your  shirts always fit better on you so I care less well there's nothing odd about my 6'3  gangly body type no do you seems nice to me but you you because you coach teams or then  you do you give this advice or will you start to gentlemen put in an effort ladies wear  a gown no well I think ladies have at heart I think like a lot of women I know who said  like when improvising they usually just wear pants because you never know if you're gonna  be flopping around we were told in the 101 the ladies were told like do not wear a dress  or a skirt ever so that is the thing they say I they never yelled at anyone about their  I think it's very odd when like college groups where like business casual like who are like  sure dresses and khakis with tucked in shirt like look very you know like they're at a  mixer like a networking event for whatever industry ales improv team right they do they  do a whole thing yeah that or like other colleges do like matching t-shirts and I think I mean  they that's just dorky I mean I mean like come on what I'm doing mine had mine yeah  we were matching and it was like a really was a very busy logos for so for like 17 of  those to be darting around the stage it was it was far too much yeah so no matching sure  we're laying down improv it's also like well people are coming right from work or have  like other stuff to do I don't really care but if it's like especially if it's like a  sold out shut like show show like then we're so nice for something nice put a little effort  tucks in your car yeah theater so so I you probably you probably researched this as well  but I just found out what happened to the Nautilus is these things that were so important  to me kind of scattered to the wind yeah they just chopped them all up except for three  to you they just chopped them up they sold them for scrap they just didn't do anything  with them yeah two of them they sunk off the coast of one of Disney's Bermuda resorts the  castaway cave island that is the island the Disney owns an island and one of them according  to this the bit we probably watched the same video hurricane took it away yeah might be  gone gone forever it seems like one is still in this northling area and then another used  to live in Hollywood studios MGM studios in the like the graveyard sort of where they  say like this is how you do miniature ship waves yes yeah there was a Nautilus he would  just walk by submerged in the water there oh but with that thing where you would put  on a like the guy in a yellow rain jumper and they'd film a scene like he's caught in  the high seas or kind of would love to see that yeah or like a full video or if like  if your dad had done that and you could get video of it or something yeah you're gonna  write on the honey I shrunk the kids be oh yeah we just were talking about how I hate  that be that is another thing I'm scared of is that be from that movie it's an intense  be I was very scared of the idea of being picked out of a crowd to do that stuff yeah  that was my neurotic thing of like I can't I don't want to please please please please  don't make me shake hands with SMO even though they would never do it for the kid who doesn't  want it because there's a zillion kids who do they know it'll like flail and bomb out  if the kids not into it yeah did anybody ever did you do one of those things ever any volunteer  my brother would volunteer for all of them and be picked for all of them I would hide  I would just take a step behind someone I was so scared of the idea I did what oh which  do you do Hercules and Zina Universal Studios oh yeah yeah so it was all green screen showing  how they would do it and it was like they needed like a tall like it was because they  wanted different sized heights so they needed a tall man an average-sized woman and like  a child especially like a shorter child so it could be like kind of different heights  and then they gave us like a wig and like a chest pea and we were like what is it called  when it's a man up top and a creature down below and Centaur yeah Centaur we were Centaur  so like like they would show foot and it was like we were putting pretty much just like  put in this and put in these outfits and left that and then taken backstage and then like  put in front of a green screen and like they're like all right you're just gonna just wave  just wait hold up these crossbows and wave and like and then at the end they combined  it all together and send us back out and it's like Hercules fighting or Zina fighting and  then like someone sneaks up behind them and then like that bad guy gets like a bunch of  arrows in them and then it cuts to us like as Centaur's waving like hello we did that  we murdered that creature and I think that was it they like said thank you for doing  it and sent us back to our families and loved ones we didn't get any perks like I don't  remember any DVD or no tape yeah didn't get a tape like an offer to buy a tape no I'm  sure we would have done that okay and this I think like I felt like I probably would  have been in like fifth or sixth grade and had done a couple school plays and I was like  okay I can do this now that's when you learn that's when you got the bug that's what I  got yeah that's what I got this is one of the many diseases that affect our body yeah  well so there's no there's no video this is no unfortunately well there's only one way  to see it which is fan art if anyone would like to draw Jason is a friendly Centaur I  love to see it sure sure and we're wearing a nice shirt how about that yeah the buff  no nice shirt at least just like a polo shirt if nothing else yeah alright we haven't had  a request in a while the the so I'm looking yeah so like the Nautilus you're talking because  they don't the original Nautilus are not in these other parks but they are they do have  a presence in Japan and Paris there's a Nautilus parked in Tokyo Disney Sea and there is a  a ride yeah but it's very different right it's like 20,000 leagues under the sea I  watch it I will not watch it because I will not be spoiled by Japan can I talk about the  mechanics of it it's different ok well this happens because I don't want anything spoiled  for me okay alright hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold  on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold  I'll refrain from one thing, but I'll talk about one or two other things.
  Use very coded language, okay?  Okay.
  So, there's a certain control element.
  I'm not going to get into that.
  Okay.
  But the track is above you.
  Okay.
  I like where this is going.
  This is not in specific yet.
  The window panes.
  Oh, this is going to be a spoiler, I think.
  I don't know how to say this.
  It's not a submersible.
  I mean, like the others, the Nautilus is technically where not summer is.
  They were just modified glass bottom.
  I'm not going to talk about it.
  If anyone wants to know, there's a million ride throughs of the journey.
  The 20,000 leagues ride in Disney Sea.
  It's very neat.
  Clearly, there's a reason this one has stuck around longer.
  Let's just say millions of gallons of water, a lot less water than 11.
5 million gallons  of water are used every day on this ride.
  I guess we'll just leave it there, right?  Is there any other ways you guys can describe this without spoiling it for Mike?  I want to say this, and this is not a spoiler, and this might not even be anything anyone  agrees with, but after watching the ride through, I wrote down in my notes, I think this ride's  a little like the ET adventure.
  I think there's a little bit of magic, and there's critters.
  I don't want to say much beyond that, but I think you're going to be delighted by this  thing.
  I've been avoiding spoilers about the journey to the center of the Earth ride.
  Me too.
  I've never seen the creature in that.
  I had no idea there was a 20,000 leagues ride there, and it looks so great.
  I really wish we had it here.
  Did you watch a video this year?  I actually held back on watching the journey to the center of the Earth because I'm like,  maybe I'll go and I want to see what it's like, but I immediately watched the 20,000  leagues I'm going to see today, and it looks fantastic.
  Isn't this a near ride?  All of that mysterious island part of that park, which that's an interesting Jules Verne  thing that I don't think I realized.
  Nemo shows up.
  The mysterious island is the name of where he docks the knot.
  That's his island.
  That was a sequel to 20,000 leagues when it was originally serialized in French literary  magazines.
  I believe that there's a Harryhausen movie about the mysterious island.
  I think you're right.
  Yeah.
  Oh, oh, very cool.
  Which would be another take on Nemo.
  As I grew, as I went from a boy and became a man, and I moved out here to Los Angeles,  and I started working in the entertainment industry, eventually I got to a point where  I was a production supervisor on a Coca-Cola commercial shooting at Disneyland.
  That's the first time I'd ever been backstage at Disneyland, which there's a lot of.
.
.
 That's  another whole thing I could tell you guys about, but I won't.
  At the end of the day, after the end of a very long day, we went into what is now Star  Wars, what will be Star Wars land.
  Is that what they call it?  They call it-  Well, Galaxy's Edge is what they call it.
  Which is now, which just will be Galaxy's Edge, but what used to be a place where there  are a million potted plants, because that's where they would put the plants that they  would replace the dying plants with.
  It was a big, like a big green rental shop, like a Hollywood green rental shop is what  it looked like back there.
  Up on a trailer, which was clearly designed to move it away, was a full Nautilus ride  cart.
  Wow.
  I got out of my truck, and I walked over to it by myself, everyone had left, and I put  my hand on it.
  I just sat there, and I said goodbye.
  Oh, man.
  Wow.
  Oh, I didn't know there'd be such an arc to this episode.
  There really is.
  Wow, that's nice.
  And that's fitting, because that was the section of land that was once earmarked to be Discovery  Bay.
  Oh, that's right.
  Tony Baxter's idea for a full Jules Verne kind of land.
  Right.
  And a lot of those ideas, if I understand correctly, were altered and became current.
  In Paris, yeah, a lot of the designs used in Paris, of course, scaled back because of  money reasons, and then used in different forms in Tokyo Disney Sea.
  Yeah.
  Which is, some people say, the best amusement park in the world currently.
  Is that right?  That's what we hear.
  Yeah, that's what people say.
  We've tried to avoid even doing all this.
  We've tried to not hear a ton, and we're all trying to make it soon in various guises,  and we'll find out.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  So it is cool that that area, probably of all the unbuilt Disney things, Discovery Bay  has this particular allure, and it's cool that some of it was implemented there.
  It's.
.
.
 I've done a lot of shitting on Disneyland Paris, but I'd say the most successful part  of it is Discoveryland, which takes cues from this.
  It's got this, the big airship, which is from one of these books.
  It's from an HG Wells or a Jules Verne, and it's not coming to me, and I apologize.
  But that would have been a big.
.
.
 It's not a fog balloon.
  Does it do anything?  It moves a little bit, doesn't it?  Or is it just sitting there sticking out of the building?  It just sits there, but it's this big dynamic showpiece that lures you into the building,  and Discovery Bay, or I'm sorry, Discoveryland at Disneyland Paris, has a nautilus walkthrough,  which is very neat.
  And there's a clever thing happening there where there's a little body of water, a tiny  little lake, and the nautilus is sticking out of it, and cool rock work all around,  Disney rock work.
  And then you.
.
.
 So you go into the actual nautilus, but it leads you into this show  building that is somewhere else, because unlike the vehicles on this 20,000 Leagues ride,  it has room for the organ room and a porthole with the squid, and it's a really well done  squid.
  So it's very neat to walk through.
  There's an odd amount of walkthroughs at Disneyland Paris, and some of them are very cool, and  this one's very successful.
  I think that too was inspired by.
.
.
 Right after the movie came out, they needed a way  to add some life to the original Tomorrowland in Anaheim, so they put in a lot of the sets  and stuff from 20,000 Leagues, and just an immediate hit.
  Just like even though it was just a walkthrough, the movie was a big hit.
  So people were psyched to see all that stuff, and the organ that was in that walkthrough  was repurposed for the Haunted Mansion in Anaheim.
  That's right.
  I just learned that too the other day.
  So that's the organ in Anaheim, right?  In the ballroom.
  Which is Captain America's dining room.
  But in the movie.
  It's the one James Mason plays in the movie.
  And then they put it in the Haunted Mansion afterwards?  Yeah.
  I think that seems to be the path.
  Because the walkthrough in Tomorrowland opened in 55, closed in 66, where you could see the  20,000 League sets, and Haunted Mansion opened in 69, or was being built in that whole window.
  So yeah, they moved the organ over.
  It's not the pipes.
  Those big fanned out pipes that are the main.
.
.
  The ghost commander.
  Yeah.
  The pipes are new to the Haunted Mansion, but the organ itself is from the 20,000 Leagues  movie.
  If you ever want to see something funny and weird on a product of its time, there's this  black and white sort of behind the scenes interview with Peter Lorry and James Mason,  about 20,000 Leagues on the scene.
  It's like, well, let's go see if we can interview Peter, Mr.
 Lorry.
  Mr.
 Lorry, knock, knock, knock.
  Oh, hello.
  I didn't see you there.
  He comes out with a towel and he's smoking a cigarette.
  And he's just like, well, I had a great time working with Mr.
 Douglas.
  So it's him being Peter Lorry, but talking about this great movie that they're about  to release.
  Wow.
  Also, can you hold these documents, Rick?  Can you just hold on to this for a little while?  You know, that is my, not to skip too far ahead, but that's one of my shortcomings of  this ride.
  I want more Peter Lorry.
  Oh yeah.
  I'm a Lorry head.
  I wish Lorry had said one of my favorite lines from this ride is when Nemo describes the  turtles that the Nautilus is going by and calls them the reptilian patriarchs of the  deep.
  Well, when you go by those turtles, you just get hungry now.
  Oh yeah.
  You just think about that.
  I just call up lunch.
  My favorite part watching the film was this zone where Nemo is offered Peter Lorry and  Kirk Douglas food and it's all, and then they're like, delicious.
  What is it?  And it's all like sea items.
  Like that's squid ink.
  That's the sauce of sperm whale.
  What you are eating is sperm whale teeth.
  Or these cigars quite delicious.
  These are kelp.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Lollita, we need more kelp cigars in here.
  It's weird when he just slips in in the ride, in the middle of the ride.
  It's like, you're all my precious lovelies.
  Like my little Lollita.
  You know, there's a kind of a cool, from like a, from like a filmmaker perspective, there's  a cool suspenseful moment.
  When they first get in the Nautilus and they're like, whoa, this thing is crazy.
  This is amazing.
  And they look out the giant window and they see this underwater funeral, right?  Happening.
  And then one of the scuba, Captain Nemo's scuba people looks up in like points and there's  a special sort of suspense reserved for you're in a submarine and these people are slowly  moving towards you and they see you, but there's no place for you to go.
  So they're just watching.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Which I watched, there's a really great making of this movie that's on YouTube and I assume  it was from a DVD or something, but that was one of the big, I didn't know the book particularly,  but supposedly the book is more a series of disconnected adventures and they, and it's  very broken up by chapter and the concern turning it into a film was how do you make  it a, how do you tell a bigger story?  And it became like a prison escape movie.
  That was the big take that they had.
  It took like a year to serialized the novel.
  The release of the book.
  Yeah.
  It really was.
  It didn't come out as one.
  Yeah.
  I mean like a lot of Dickens works and, and Jules, Jules Verne's works.
  I think some H.
E.
 Wells too.
  It was like in magazines.
  Oh, it came out in like newspapers or?  Yeah.
  Oh wow.
  That's a fan.
  Yeah.
  Didn't know that.
  I was, I was a big fan of the book.
  I went through a big Jules Verne face and then I went through a big trying to write in the  style of Jules Verne face.
  Oh boy.
  The English teacher was not impressed.
  Which what did that mean?  Just very flowery descriptions.
  Oh, I was like, oh, this is the tale of the puffin, a small craft that can burrow in sand  and fly, you know, whatever dumb shit.
  And she's like, nobody cares about that.
  We're reading, you know, I know why a cage bird sings.
  That just reminded me that I wrote a little short story in a class where I just jammed  two of my main interests together, back to the future and sea world where I had just  been.
  And for some reason it was a story where Shamu splashes the audience, but the water makes  you travel through time.
  Wow.
  Why would that, so you, and you, so I guess you go back to like a, it's the sea world,  but it's the fifties and then you need to get a new, a different Shamu to splash you  back.
  Is it because of the spice that Shamu creates?  I don't know about the spice.
  Like a worm, like a worm from dune.
  Is this a wait?  Wait, someone fill me in.
  I only know the bare boat.
  So if you know the worms of the worms of dune are these creatures that, that, I mean, I'm,  I'm not a super dune guy, but I know that they're, they're mined for their spice, which  enables you to have certain powers.
  And I think travel through time if you're like your mind can.
  It seems like a catch all the Captain America formula kind of where you get powers and you  may be able to travel through time.
  And also you get super high and the whole universe is like built around like the spice.
  And don't they reveal later on though?  Like it's, it's just, it's just worm shit.
  Like what?  That's what the spice is?  Yeah.
  Oh wait, the whole, wait, I've only seen the trailer.
  It's all about the pursuit of spice.
  Correct?  So dune is about trying to get worm shit.
  I don't think they call that out in the movie.
  And there's a, the, the one it said there's a Messiah like character that Kyle McLaughlin  plays that character.
  And then there's so many dune books.
  I don't even know.
  I have only like seen little bits of the movie and like read some, I've never read this book,  but like my dad and brother have read a lot of the dude books.
  And I'm like, cause his son took it over at some point and like, they just kept going.
  It's sort of like the Ender's game series where it's like, Oh yeah.
  And then Ender is an adult and his evil sibling is the president of the universe.
  And it's like, what the fuck?  What?  I think when his son is writing it, and again, my, my wife has read all these and I haven't.
  So, but I think when his son is writing it, the one worm is like a God worm and it has  the face of a human all of a sudden.
  Oh yeah.
  I see that like art.
  I see some horrifying like paperback art.
  Anyway, so there should be a dune ride.
  My Shamu, my Shamu time trial movies, the book was way better than dune.
  Do you have it still?  I'll try to find it.
  That's a, there's some Patreon material.
  Oh yeah.
  Reading on the air.
  If you bring that, I will bring my, what I think is an Austin Powers parody called monkeys  are forever that I wrote in seventh grade.
  And the character's name is Jack Powers as if that's even a, it's a de-hypening if you  ask me.
  And he's not even that fun, but he does have a monkey as a sidekick.
  I would just make complicated lists for like alternate X-Men lineups.
  Oh, I have those too.
  Alternate teams.
  Oh, I have those too.
  I made X-Men lists too.
  Oh sure.
  Yeah.
  I made in fourth or fifth grade an entire, like a guide book of a parody theme park called  OJ land.
  What the hell?  How have we sat on this for this long?  Yeah, this many hours of theme park podcast entertainment.
  Yeah.
  That's how obsessed I was with Disneyland even at the time.
  And also I was into the OJ trail and I like, I was really into, I thought Jay Leno was  good and cool at the time and he did all the OJ material and it was like my attempt to  do kind of like topical Leno type comedy.
  So and it was like, it was for a project and it was, I got an A and it was super fleshed  out.
  Like I covered every ride.
  It was like as detailed as any of this shit is now that we do.
  And I don't remember a lot of them other than that I was very, very proud to introduce the  3d movie spectacular captain Edo.
  Do you have this too?  Oh, that one I for sure have.
  Finally, the shoe is on the other foot.
  Folks, artists, if you can draw captain Edo, which just for the, again, to extrapolate  it out is a captain EO judge Lance Eto mashup.
  Thought of by a nine year old.
  Please for the love of God, I want to see this more than anything.
  Um, we did, you have to figure, I want to take it.
  I mean, for sure I want to see Edo in the costume with the rainbow shirt, uh, uh, uh,  doing a moonwalk, but I also, and you'd have to incorporate it.
  It's also kind of a judge robe, but with like spangles all over it.
  But I'd also, you got to figure out which character is which, like, were there people  who were kind of a pair who would be ID and Odie, uh, um, in, in the OJ trial.
  Who was a pair?  Marsha Clark and the other guys who not Christopher Darden.
  I'm just trying to think of the cast of the mini series.
  So like Robert Kardashian, David Schwimmer and John Travolta's character could be a duo.
  Is OJ the witch?  He's a, you know, makes him beautiful with dancing.
  Okay.
  I guess that tracks.
  It might not.
  This might not be one to one.
  A lot of this, if you follow it to its logical end, just gets horrifying.
  But Cato is just for certain Hooter.
  Oh, he's the dumb one who messes everything up.
  Captain Edo.
  That is clean fun right there.
  I'll bring it in as soon as I can.
  Fuzzy with the butterfly wings.
  What's his name?  Fuzzball.
  Yeah.
  Fuzzball is a little Bronco probably.
  They're in the Bronco, aren't they in the spaceship?  The Bronco?  Oh, the spaceship is the Bronco.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  So silly.
  We're going to have to get back to you guys on all these.
  We'll sort out all the math of this.
  This is tough to do.
  Anyway, let's take it back to from futurist author Scott Garner to futurist author Jules  Moore.
  What have we missed?  I mean, there's we talked the original.
  You know what I think is cool is that the original walkthrough attraction was the first,  I believe the first attraction added to Disneyland after opening day.
  I think that's right, because there really wasn't much in Tomorrowland.
  Really nothing that we think of like the intense level of immersion that like attractions give  you now.
  Yeah.
  Well, and I think like I don't really know the details from what I gleaned pretty quickly.
  OK, if you're walking into Disneyland Tomorrowland, like from the castle area on the left now  is Buzz Lightyear used to be Circle Vision.
  On the right now is Star Tours.
  And that building was this 20,000 Leagues thing and in between Adventures Through Inner  Space.
  And it seems like Walt built that build, it's still those original two buildings from 55,  but various things have cycled in and out.
  And it seems like Walt had those buildings set up and but didn't know what was going  to go in there.
  And it was like, I don't know, it'll be a sponsored thing.
  There was a lot of sponsored like exhibits and stuff that kind of rotated and stuff.
  Lots of like quick fix kind of stuff.
  But I think the biggest space went unfilled or something pulled out.
  And he was and somebody had the idea to swing in all of the 20,000 Leagues stuff.
  But the movie was a little old by that point.
  And I mean, just a couple of years.
  So but they had to like freshen everything up and give it all new coats of paint and  the squid is falling apart.
  And supposedly the day before Disneyland opened, Walt skipped a big party to help out painting  the squid to get it ready.
  That's funny.
  But it didn't take you at the opening.
  Until yeah, the story is confusing.
  And probably details of this.
  Yeah, some of this stuff can be hard to track down.
  But I think it's interesting that like all so many Jules Verne type things in the parks  have spread out over so many decades.
  And it seemed like especially when they were closing this or they would like they they,  you know, didn't end up pulling the trigger on some of the other Jules Verne based attractions  at various parks.
  They're like, well, will people care about Jules Verne?  Like do people care?  And any time they do it, it's like a hit.
  People love it.
  I mean, I remember my family being like pretty disappointed when this like the Florida, you  know, ride closed in 94 and they closed in 94.
  They're like, this is a temporary refurbishment.
  And then it just kind of sat dormant for like two years.
  And then they're like, yeah, it's close.
  It's done.
  It's that's it.
  And don't you feel that this is like the eternal struggle between art and commerce, I guess  you could say, because because Jules Verne aesthetic is fits perfectly into the Disney,  like the original Disney of my understanding, which is a sort of cartoonish darkness.
  Right.
  So it very perfectly hits like something that Disney generates.
  But there's no property that that latches on to that.
  So it's so you you kind of have to Disney has to have a property, especially now in  order to to build a land.
  Right.
  I mean, there's no original lands anymore.
  Are they?  I mean, really, every now and then there's an attraction.
  Mystic Manor comes to mind or like, yeah, some of the other towers once in a while.
  But like if you're building a new park, you can get away with something that's not a property.
  Although, of course, this is a property.
  But yeah, it's like it does feel like, yeah, with like as they move change, obviously change  changed to Nemo out here.
  But I've heard like I think it's two parts.
  I think this is a very expensive ride to keep keep up.
  Oh, yeah.
  How many millions and millions of gallons of fresh water?  Yeah, they say Tony Baxter famously saved the one out here from from going away because  they made it Nemo so they could justify it by adding the property to it.
  So yeah, I feel like, yeah, it's it doesn't have a current property.
  And in addition, it's like the most expensive ride to run in the park.
  So they're like, yeah, this is an easy one we can say, no, let's get rid of it.
  It's crazy looking back on recent history that like because the Florida one was even  bigger.
  So that one I read was eleven point five gallons a day.
  The one out here is like nine million gallons a day.
  And that was operating during California's multi year drought.
  I mean, I think they had to pay a ton of extra money to use that much water.
  And then also like the state and the city cut Disney a lot of breaks.
  They also I mean, they tried so many weird things to keep it going.
  You can't blame them for because they did try.
  They had human beings that they made dressed in mermaid suits that would sit on a rock  in the sun for hours.
  They tried real fish at one point.
  They tried.
  They tried a lot of different things.
  So I'll hand it to them.
  I'm not furious with them for tearing it out.
  It sounds like if they had done the Tokyo Disney version, which again, thank you for  being very general when you describe it, it feels like that one would last because everyone  it seems like it's much even like more immersive and crazy and like and they got to build it  in the 2000s as opposed to its clunky, weird fifties or seventies technology that's already  not trustworthy and pumping water through it.
  And they figured out a way to put a lot more people per hour into it.
  Just a lot more people.
  This doesn't eat up a lot of people.
  So not at all handicap accessible.
  Like you have to go down a narrow stairway.
  They said a family member has to carry you down.
  That was the only option.
  I think one either Anaheim or Florida, one of them had like a video room where you would  see a video of like what they would be seeing.
  So like it was so an alternate experience that inspired a joke in the fake ride opening  that I made at Funny or Die, where if you couldn't go on this, if you weren't, if you  were handicapped, that you'd go into a tent and a Navajo storyteller would describe the  ride to you.
  Because I was like, what a lay you watch like a fake version of it in a little room and  you're not underwater.
  I appreciate the effort.
  I like that they tried.
  There's also the wild card experience.
  Like what happened to my, I won't name any names, but a friend of mine, his son was,  let's say eight, and his son was like, I'm so, he was a very, he was a very nervous kid.
  And he's like, dad, I don't want to go on this thing.
  I'm so scared.
  And you know, it's hard being a parent.
  You just try to be successful more often than you make mistakes.
  And he's like, you know what?  I'm just going to force my kid to go and he's going to see that everything is fine.
  He's going to see that it wasn't that bad and in life and you worried about things and  you, and you just, you commit anyway, you're going to realize that you're stronger for  it.
  And he went down into the Disneyland submarine ride with his son.
  And as soon as the ride started moving, his son threw up and diarrhea all over himself  and screamed and had a panic attack and they were trapped in it for the entire ride.
  Oh wait, yeah, there's no way to go backwards.
  So that sort of situation happens what?  Once every month.
  Cause everything happens just by rule of numbers.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Also clumsy children must've fallen down these narrow stairways.
  Just a straight, because you had to climb down a ladder.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And this thin little child sized openings where you could just fall straight to the  bottom.
  Yeah.
  But most of, wait, you probably know what one out of 10 friends that would be incredibly  claustrophobic, right?  This is you in a tin can with that very distinctive Disney motor sound that has that weird Disney  motor smell.
  And then there's, there's water with chlorine.
  Even if they didn't know they were claustrophobic, they might find out they were on this ride.
  Yeah.
  And then there's this discovery of Jules Verne.
  It sounds like I dodged a bullet by lying and saying I had to pee.
  I think this kid is a window into Mike's future.
  Oh my God.
  My past, my potential past.
  And once they had a young me, it was like, yeah, this ride rules.
  I was going, yeah.
  The coolest kid.
  The coolest kid.
  Jason was the coolest of the three of us.
  We're very impressed.
  Going up.
  Alright, alright.
  Roller coasters.
  And trying hummus before, by a decade, trying it before me.
  Yeah, I was on the hummus tip.
  It was culturally acceptable.
  A fun thing I read, I didn't even realize this, is that in the queue of the Little Mermaid  in Florida, they play an instrumental whale of a tail as tribute because that's where  the ride was.
  Oh yeah.
  So that's a nice little thing.
  That's nice.
  I heard that there's, they put some of the water from 20,000 leagues into that, into  the line or something.
  So when you see that water, no, some of it was, I don't know.
  Okay.
  That's not quite as obvious.
  It's like when the kids of the world poured their respective waters into the small world.
  Right?  Oh, that's right.
  Yeah, yeah.
  There's always things like that.
  Children, do you have the waters?  Yes.
  You travel, you've brought glass jugs full of raw water from their respective countries.
  Or when Kiss put their blood in the ink of their comic book.
  Oh yeah.
  Or Mark.
  That's true.
  And don't forget Mark Grunwald.
  His Ashes.
  Grunwald was a Cat in America writer and editor.
  And when he died, he was cremated and they mixed his ashes in with the comic.
  They reprinted.
  Yeah.
  So there you go.
  It's all the same thing.
  Micah, did you hold on to any of your pee as an eight year old?  Is there anything you could include it in?  No, I don't have any of my pee.
  That's too bad.
  There's no way to harden it and turn it into furniture.
  Some funny details about what happened to this.
  Yeah, a new fantasy land, I think, between the Little Mermaid Ride and the Seven Dwarfs  Mine coaster, I think, lies on top of this now.
  For a little while, they just kind of made a character meet and greet called Ariel's  Grotto.
  Yeah.
  And then also some of the property was turned into a playground called Pooh's Playful Corner.
  Is that right?  Yes.
  No, Pooh's Playful Spot.
  Oh.
  Pooh's Playful Spot.
  And it was for kids two to five.
  Right.
  So yeah, just kind of like a pretty barren part of the park for a long time.
  Embarrassed.
  Let us know if you went and enjoyed Pooh's Playful Spot.
  Look for our upcoming Pooh's Playful Spot episode.
  Two and a half hours of Pooh's Playful Spot.
  What did you touch in Pooh's Playful Spot 3?  Horizons, Pawnee Mansion, Pooh's Playful Spot.
  Of course, Scott and I, as eight year olds, are too afraid of Pooh's Playful Spot, so  we did not play there.
  We were too afraid.
  We made the right call.
  I would put on a leather jacket and chew candy cigarettes and hit the jukebox in Pooh's Playful  Spot.
  And much like that monkey, you would get a cigarette after learn.
  Yeah, that was a good boy.
  I got a cigarette.
  You know, I went to Disney World for the first time in 20 years last year, and I didn't realize  that that whole new area used to be 20,000 leagues under the sea, right?  With the Snow White.
  Snow White.
  Right.
  Which looks cool.
  And then Pooh's Playful Spot.
  And then the circus area.
  Yes.
  That Dumbo Circus.
  Dumbo Circus area.
  Sure.
  When I sort of stumbled into that in Ariel's Grotto, so it's there, but there's nothing  to do.
  There's just like a fountain, I think, that's there.
  Well, they built a big little mermaid ride.
  Oh, it just arrived there.
  Because I saw it at the end of the day as we were going with my kids.
  And it was then that I realized walking through that area, I was like, okay, so Disney World  is now officially too big to do in a day.
  You can't even see everything in a day.
  Because I happened on that area and I was like, oh, shit.
  Oh, yeah.
  It's a highland.
  Highlands.
  And they're like, it's far away.
  It's up in the north end of the park.
  So you can miss it entirely.
  Yeah.
  That's a big, big difference between the Magic Kingdom and Florida and the Magic Kingdom.
  Disney classic Disneyland Park out here is like, two, the pathways are a lot wider in  Florida and everything is farther away.
  Like here it's pretty easy to crisscross Disneyland.
  I mean, you're still going to walk a lot, but in Florida, man, stuff is really far away  comparably.
  We used to always say, never having gone to Disneyland, you know, Disneyland could fit  in the parking lot of Disney World.
  That doesn't make any sense.
  Disney World's parking lot is enormous.
  It's bigger than the LA County tear job.
  And transportation center?  Are you kidding me?  What a huge footprint that is.
  As a side note, you guys may appreciate this.
  When we went to Disney World last year, we stayed in Fort Wilderness where I had stayed  when I was a little kid in a tent.
  That's where you used to be able to do that.
  I think you still can, but back then it was like a wilderness, you know, campfire and  you pitch your tent and it's like the wilderness.
  And then we took a bus to a very small boat and the boat went through three lakes before  we got to the main lake, which got us to Disney World.
  It was incredible.
  That place is so insanely huge.
  All that stuff, all the water sports and everything.
  You forget about all that.
  There's so much going on.
  It is really fun.
  The Polynesian, the contemporary, Grand Floridia, I think everyone thinks of, but Fort Wilderness  and the Wilderness Lodge.
  It is cool to stay there and just take the boat over because the boats are definitely  more efficient than the buses and a lot of times a lot more efficient than the monorails.
  It's super fun.
  They give you one of those bracelets.
  So your cabin, you just put your bracelet in there and the cabin opens, which is cool.
  And then you take the boat by, I think at least two islands that used to be attractions  and now are overrun and abandoned.
  So you're just going by what is obviously an abandoned attraction and now is sort of  a spooky looking island on your way to the, you don't see the Grand Floridian.
  You don't go that far because that's on the total other side of the.
  No, yeah.
  You would hit the Magic Kingdom before you got there.
  So yeah.
  Oh, another random factoid.
  When I was very little, when we were in the ferry to get to Disney World, we got in a  crash.
  The ferry hit the dock.
  It was a major crash.
  Every person was thrown to the floor.
  I was a, my brother was an infant and he was tossed in the flu in the air.
  I mean, it was like a major crash.
  Wow.
  You didn't land in the lake, right?  There's gators in that lake.
  One of my brothers did and he's not with us anymore because once you land in that, once  you set foot in that water, you're gone.
  You just like evaporate?  I was so teeming with alligators that like.
  You were just every square foot.
  Boiling the reptiles.
  I'm so dedicated to this podcast.
  It's memory.
  It's crazy to look at.
  There's so much of it online.
  The original like promotional materials of like the resort, resort part of the Florida  parks and there's so many pictures of people swimming in that water, sunbathing in that  water.
  It's just like, well, what's it called?  What's the, the, the water park near Fort Wilderness?  I used to go river country.
  USA used to be, if memory serves, it used to be like lake water.
  Fresh water.
  Yeah.
  I remember.
  I remember being like, fresh.
  Now this is a water slide.
  If the water is brown, you know, it's good.
  I remember the water being brown.
  We're all getting ear aches today, fellas.
  Well, speaking of disgusting water, let's, let's go back around to this ride and we,  and it's, you know, it's gone.
  So there's no way to plus it up, but almost was burnt to the ground for insurance money.
  But is there anything we, anything that could have been done to save this thing?  Any, any great ideas that you think would have made it worth it for them to keep it  around?  Hmm.
  Yeah.
  I mean, at the time it was done in what 94.
  It was just sitting there.
  It just kind of, yeah, we haven't really said it just kind of like, did they close it for  refurbishment and like, it'll open back up and it just never did.
  It sat there and I remember going during that time and being confused.
  Like, is that open or closed or not?  And I don't think they knew.
  And then it was a language.
  Yeah.
  That used to happen when you couldn't just double check stuff on your phone immediately.
  Oh wait, is it open?  Is it closed?  Is something new coming?  This was also, I'm sorry.
  They posted a like, you know, clothes for refurbishment sign with a very adorable octopus  with like a, a like painting with a little paint brush, like fixing it up.
  That's cute.
  We'll post that to the trip.
  Sad.
  Because he, he never finished.
  They fired the octopus.
  This is also the era.
  I feel like this is the beginning of the era of fan outrage.
  I don't mean that sounds condescending and I don't mean it too, but people being mad  about some major decision because Toad closed in Florida soon after or around within the  same window.
  And that's the craziest thing that they've ever done.
  I don't know.
  We're mad.
  And I like, that was an early, like people made shirts.
  People were there on the last huge crowds, that sort of thing.
  That really didn't happen with Nemo cause it just slowly almost faded to dust.
  Like I don't feel good, Captain Nemo.
  I don't want to go.
  This is like an existential question, but has there ever been a ride at the parks that  has been plussed up and it made it better for you guys?  Made it better.
  Yeah.
  Hmm.
  Which, well, would you, would you say guardians is that you don't know?  I don't think you say it's better.
  I don't know if it's, well, it's cool.
  I mean, it feels fresh and I always want to go on it.
  So I guess I would say maybe better as long, again, as long as Florida stays around the  tower of terror being turned to guardians, I kind of feel like it's, I feel like I, it's  more fun and I go there more frequently.
  Now will it fade in a few years?  I don't know, but I do always want to go on it now.
  Whereas tower you'd go, ah, we could skip tower here and there.
  I think the, uh, all the fantasy land, um, uh, plus ups, adding the little lighting effects  and making the characters a little more complex.
  I think those are all really well done.
  I had boxed ghost.
  I love him in Disneyland and a star tours.
  I think it's better now.
  Yeah, I like it.
  Yeah, it is.
  It is better probably.
  What if, but the random, every once in a while you could go on the old, of course that would  be fantastic.
  That's my pre that we're not in the wrong episode.
  Was it Paul Rubens or was it a Paul Rubens?  It was Paul Rubens.
  Yeah, sure.
  It was.
  I mean, the miss, the rec snapping, the pilot is maybe the only, that's why you could, we'll  talk about it.
  I'd be fine with C3PO taking you to the, through the original movie.
  Sure.
  I'd just be excited to see the movie in that cabin again.
  That would have been a fun throwback.
  They could probably easily program one of these like throwback.
  That's a good idea.
  I don't know if the timing is right and there'd be no holograms in it.
  Cause there have been three versions, right?  Because there's a one, is the current one where Darth Vader grabs you and chases you?  Well, it depends.
  There's, there's stormtrooper version, Darth Vader version.
  It's customizable.
  So like the order of scenes can change.
  The person who talks to you can change.
  Oh yeah.
  I didn't know that.
  There's like three different scenes at the start and there could be three, like three  you land places you go to at the start and then three at the end.
  Wow.
  But then they've added two because of the two movies as well.
  And a lot of those new characters are saying hi to you.
  Finn, Poe, Dameron, uh, BBA.
  Maz Kanata.
  Maz Kanata's now on, I saw Maz the other day.
  Yeah.
  Can you believe it?  Maz points at you.
  Maz gives you the old point too.
  I've gotten a little too much Maz Kanata lately.
  I like Maz Kanata.
  I feel like I get Maz Kanata on that ride a lot recently.
  Well, she's very thirsty, you know?  Well, yes, that's true.
  I do like her jet pack.
  That's fun.
  So I don't, I don't think that there will ever be at least not in the next 10 years  cause we know the slate or even 20 years.
  There's not going to be a movie that would fit the 20,000 leagues under the sea ride.
  Well, it's funny that you say that because, uh, so there's been multiple attempts at remakes  for, uh, uh, 20,000 leagues under the sea.
  Uh, Mick G was once attached to do a 20,000 leagues movie that fell through.
  David Fincher was attached.
  That fell through.
  He did Gone Girl instead.
  Uh, James Mangold is currently attached to a, uh, uh, as of recently, according to Wikipedia,  a Disney movie called Captain Nemo.
  Wow.
  So should I say if I want to?  Yeah, sure.
  Yeah.
  If there's anything, what could have salvaged it or, uh, would you, do you think that there's  any merit in, uh, in more sort of like high end, uh, hotel or restaurant experiences in  the park?  Yeah.
  Make it a restaurant.
  Yeah.
  That's what I was thinking.
  I was thinking like, could you, could you do that?  It would cost a little bit more.
  A lot.
  It would have to be a lot.
  I think three times because it was 12 minutes per spin.
  Yeah.
  I, yeah.
  Oh, I love the, yeah.
  That's what I was thinking too.
  That's pretty cool.
  I think that actually was going to be a feature of the Discovery Bay Tony Baxter.
  I think you could have had a meal in the Nautilus.
  Uh, and by the way, we missed this, a Captain Nemo, a simulator ride, which they were going  to try to do in the seventies, which I don't know how they would have been ready by then,  but they were pre starters.
  There was going to be that, but yes, uh, a Nautilus restaurant was discussed.
  That's a pretty good idea.
  You would eat sperm whale and you would eat, yeah, you would have all of it.
  You finally get all those, you get your Captain Nemo food.
  Turtle, sir.
  We've got a bunch left over.
  Shark fin.
  Canned turtle.
  Shark fin.
  Shark fin soup.
  Real shark fin soup.
  It's not a joke.
  It's not a simulation.
  It's the actual thing.
  This is high end.
  This would have been the original Disney World Club 33 maybe.
  Yeah.
  Before they added the new ones.
  Sir, here is our farm to table menu.
  Here is our local menu and here is our endangered menu.
  Scrambled Shamu eggs from an actual Shamu.
  We will need a proof that you have a safety deposit box to access this menu.
  You know, I, if I could go back, I think there were two words that could have really say  this ride and inspired from eight to 80.
  And those two words are Peter Laurie.
  Oh yeah.
  If he lured this ride up a little, no way they could have torn this down, baby.
  Little Laurie narration.
  If you put a Laurie animatronic.
  I know I've also recently discussed a Vincent D'Onofrio bug animatronic.
  Bug alien animatronic.
  I just want interesting looking character actors turned into animatronics everywhere.
  That's what I want.
  What a great idea.
  So instead it's Peter Laurie is like, oh no, I'm in control of the Nautilus.
  Like he does know what he's doing.
  Or if like Nemo narration is like, I need to step away for a moment.
  Don't ask why I'll take it from here, boss.
  I've got to talk to Baxter.
  What does this say?  Yes.
  Turtles patriarchs of the deep.
  Okay.
  Your, uh, your Lori started getting into the Vincent Price territory at all kinds of  floods.
  Yeah.
  It's okay.
  Who's the rapper who says, okay.
  Yeah.
  It's a little bit.
  Yeah.
  He's swimming around in there.
  One of the seats, if they had a Lori animatronic like Rex and C3PO are practical robots.
  If they had one inside the ride too, not just the narration.
  But then you would have to, because you're facing out the portholes, so you'd have to  like turn around to look at them.
  Well, yeah, like real life, it would be so realistic.
  So if you get the bonus seat, you're sitting next to the robot.
  Excuse me, sir.
  And the imagineers even put a little chalk M on his shoulder as like a little nod, a  little Easter egg for the film buffs.
  What's this?  A kid just came in here and vomited and diarrhea all over the cockpit.
  They're diarrhea all over.
  A child has thrown up again.
  Oh, she's just hideous.
  That would be great.
  And there's like a guy doing Lori like remotely.
  Yeah.
  Like, like I see it's your birthday from the button.
  Oh, hello.
  J little Jason.
  Hello.
  Hey, thanks, Peter.
  Lori, Connell or whatever your parents name is.
  You're the only child who knows who I am.
  I love you, Peter.
  I thought I could.
  I never thought I could like the parks more.
  But with you here, Peter.
  Oh yeah.
  I think Jason does the voice and you do it just from a webcam from your bed.
  You just as a job you have all day, and they have to reinstall the submarines to make this  happen.
  Congratulations on your nuptials.
  Tear up, who was it called?  Rip it all up, put it exactly the way it was.
  Only change the narration.
  Do you want a picture with your crew and Kanga or Peter Lori?  Late character actor Peter Lori.
  It's in price.
  It's always coming from.
  With this run of obscure actors and children, diarrhea, with all this stuffy sharp, you've  survived.
  Thank you for just like 20,000 Leagues is a bunch of disconnected stories that got turned  into a story of a big arc.
  I think that's what you did for this podcast.
  Your 20,000 Leagues journey was beautiful and I'm glad you got closure.
  Yeah, thank you.
  Wonderful to hear it.
  I did.
  Can I hit you with one factoid?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They have to constantly stop people from spreading their ashes in the Haunted Mansion.
  Oh yeah.
  I've heard that to be the thousandth ghost.
  To stop it and clean it up then when it happens.
  Biohazard, baby.
  Thank you for having me.
  It means a lot to me.
  Thanks for coming.
  So keep those ashes.
  When this ride's reopened with Peter Lori.
  Save them for what they're for.
  Putting in a bunch of ink that'll be printed as a comic book.
  Like that's what ashes are for.
  Starting anything you'd like to plug while you're here.
  Well, I mean, I guess you could look up the Defunct Highland Park TV.
  You could see the Who Was Show on Netflix.
  You could see Hooded Jason.
  You could see Stony Sharp at everything.
  Twitter, Instagram and everything you guys do because you're fantastic.
  Thank you.
  Oh, thank you.
  That's so nice.
  Hey.
  Well, I guess what you're talking about is Podcast the Ride on Twitter and on Instagram  and on Facebook and Raiden review us on iTunes and send us an email at podcasttheride.
gmail.
com.
  Yeah, and Facebook.
  We got a Facebook now.
  Facebook group.
  Hey, how about old Peter Lori do a plug?  Oh, well.
  If you could see a lot of my movies on Netflix, if you're the disco service.
  Some of them are on like hoopla or a canopy if you have a library card.
  Your local library mainly.
  I'm probably buried in war in Hollywood forever.
  Forest lawn.
  Dig up my ashes.
  Dig up my ashes.
  Do with them with your will.
  Hold on to these papers while I run.
  I'll be back for them.
  Also, but you guys kids look up Peter Lori.
  Look up Peter Lori.
  He's actually great.
  Great.
  And check out his grave.
  And thanks for listening.
  And so long.
  Check out my grave.
  Good night.
