 Warning, the following podcasts may contain generic blasphemy, Southern  hospitality from Aunt Meg, Scott's new roller coaster based nickname, and a  sidewinding talk about Twister.
 Ride It Out with guest Matt Rogers.
 Quick, get in  the cellar.
 It's Podcast The Ride.
 Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park  podcast my mom says is good, but would be better if we didn't use the Lord's name in  vain so much.
 That's true.
 She was like the podcast is great.
 I'm very much  enjoying it, but please do not say and I won't say it because it will make her mad.
  JC, which I say I like don't say a lot, but apparently that stuck.
 That's well  it's how my Carlson also this is Scott Garner and Jason Scherner joining me.
 I  say it a lot.
 Maybe we so don't realize that we're saying it and that's what then  it doesn't occur to us as an offensive thing and that's what she's offended by.
  So like maybe they were just casually slinging it.
 Yeah.
 This is to your parents  listen by the way.
 We actually don't know.
 I don't know this.
 Oh, my dad listens.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 My mom at some point I will go through them again and find an  appropriate episode for her to listen to.
 So you're like curating or you're  picking out maybe episodes.
 Yeah.
 Maybe the live show one.
 Maybe that'll be a  good one.
 Sure.
 Maybe.
 Scott, parents? No, they don't have smartphones at all.
  I've told them it exists.
 My dad said like well play it for me sometime and  I'm like it's not really how it works.
 It's kind of a passive experience.
 You  don't really like if I sat and listened to it with you that would be very awkward  and he's tuned out by the time I've said that.
 So no, neither of them listen.
 I'm  hoping they will at some point in time but I can relate to your mom's thing  because the first when I in high school when I finished the first video I'd ever  made when I was 15 this thing that's too long and 25 minutes long it's called  Ninja Battle Bots on the Island of Darkness.
 It's a it's a really awful  thing that's mostly like an Austin Powers ripoff but with like a kung fu  movie undertones and I've never seen a kung fu movie so I was a bad person to  be doing it.
 Anyway when I finished that and showed it to my mom she was just  dead silent and then she and then she said if we if we showed that to Monsignor  Loftus what do you think he would say? It's not really for Monsignor Loftus mom.
  She's cooled it a lot since but she's not excited about the language or the  you know penis displays or anything and anything I've done so.
 I'll say this I  feel like when you would have been in high school the Papus would have had  bigger things on their minds.
 Around 99 2000.
 I feel like they were dealing with some other stuff.
  They weren't dealing with it.
 Well let's try not to say JC this episode so we  can like play it for my mom and your mom and Monsignor Loftus.
 We're going to take it to Loftus.
  Play it for him and then I'll sit with him while he listens while he hears the entire two hour thing.
  Yeah yeah but let's bring our guest in to talk about cursing and using the  Lord's name in vain.
 Folks you know him from his hit podcast Las Culturistas.
  Ladies and gentlemen it's Matt Rogers.
 Hey there.
 Hi.
 See I don't know if I'm the  right guest for the podcast.
 I frequently use the Lord's name in vain.
 I would just  like to say publicly to anyone's mother who would be offended by that it is only  because I don't believe in God.
 You know what I mean? It's not because like I'm like it's not  like I'm not trying to be insulting it's just because like religion is deeply not  a part of my life.
 So when I say something like JC it's just because it's  an exclamation for me and truly not because I'm trying to be disrespectful.
  I'm just not a believer and that's okay.
 It's fine.
 It doesn't register as an  offensive thing to say.
 No no it's just it's just a you know an exclamation.
  Mm-hmm.
 Yeah but I will give my best effort to not do it out of respect.
  That's fine don't worry I have editing power too over the podcast so I can  certainly do.
 Edit you right out.
 You are God here in a way.
 Yeah Mike has a final cut and he reminds us of that a lot.
  That's beautiful.
 I can I'll just take Jason's jokes out often.
 I worked  relatively hard on those.
 So Matt you are a big theme like huge gotta be one of  our most insane theme park nerds of all of our guests so far.
 I would argue that I  am and also what the listeners don't know is that we actually have been  talking for about 15-20 minutes already prior to pressing play about these kinds  of things I've spilled lots of secrets.
 Everyone listening should be jealous  it's true we do know stuff and I thank you for it.
 And this is the thing is  like you know if you give me the permission I will talk about it but this  is another reason to listen to my podcast Last Culture Reasons because I  spill all the tea on what I know.
 I do not hold back and also I was the one who knew  there was gonna be a Harry Potter roller coaster before there was even the  announcement of doing dragons being disassembled.
 I knew that that was coming  down and I did say it on my podcast and I will reveal what's gonna replace  Terminator.
 Really? You will give the audience a scoop? Would you like to know?  Of course.
 You're willing to say it.
 Let me tell you something I'm willing to tell you this  right now and I have great sources that you will see it announced very soon that  the franchise that is taking over the Terminator space is the born identity.
  Well how right.
 Jesus Christ.
 Jesus Christ.
 And you know I do not know exactly when  that's gonna be announced I don't know what form the attraction will take but  that is the tea and I do know for a fact the script of the attraction is finished  which makes me feel like we're obviously getting a sort of stunt show moment.
  Yeah this is crazy.
 I'm excited for that.
 I'm a big fan of that franchise.
 Are you? Yeah I like spy movies.
  You know what yeah okay I just you know why I was surprised when I heard this  what it was because the other big rumor was that it was gonna be a pitch  perfect thing and I really didn't like that because I need to be I want to be  thrilled that I want to be like softly impressed like by people singing in  harmony like I live in New York I know a lot of musical theater majors like I  don't need like to hear a third like I understand like what's going on like but  the born thing I just felt like an old franchise and my problem or like not old  but like you know not not like classic and also not new enough to fit into the  new identity of the park because my thing with Universal Studios is I do  miss the days where it was like you had your classics you know what I mean when  Jaws went down I have extremely mixed feelings about that because I do think  that Diagon Alley is fantastic and a huge achievement like internationally in  terms of theme parks like I think it's amazing but you give up Jaws you know  Amity you know what I mean that is so classic and so identifiable with  Universal and with the death of Jaws and the death of Back to the Future the Ride  and the death of to be totally honest with you you know King Kong Earthquake  and the ride we're gonna be their attraction we're gonna be speaking about  today in a way I think that we kind of move on into this world where we have  Fast and the Furious in the park which is not a prestige franchise you know we  have even Men in Black in a way is it's like very of a time it didn't stand the  test of time in the way that I think a lot of these other attractions are and  that they're classic films ET is still there but how much longer will it be you  know well there's I have this question in my mind about the born identity being  important enough or right enough to sustain an attraction but with Jimmy  Fallon the ride who knows how much do we really care Jason you should say our  policy about about this before like we don't talk about it too much for the  sake of the well-being of our careers you know I feel like here's the thing  though it's like if you're not able to like poke fun at the fact that Jimmy  Fallon is a theme park attraction we're not really doing comedy funny it's  funny there yeah it's funny you can buy hashtag the Panda in multiple forms you  know what all across the eastern seaboard but you can get him in the  fucking Rockefeller Center you can get him in Orlando Florida baby nowhere in  the middle we need a like a Virginia or West Virginia outpost hashtag the  panda.
 Virginia Beach.
 The stuff that doesn't sell though they have to like put in a truck  somewhere and drive to an outlet store in the middle of the Midwest there has  to be some Midwest store if let's throw it to the listeners do you live in the  Midwest and have you seen Jimmy Fallon merch at an outlet store? Have you seen tight  pants? Have you seen the tight pants shirt? Have you seen what's the girl? What's her name? Fucking Becky? The character they think is so much more relatable and like  unlikable identifiable than it actually is we're talking about you you you  Zach Efron and Seth Rogen who no one you know one removes their beards to be you  will I am did an EU rap? Right right right it's drag but irresponsible drag and it's first and foremost  irresponsible and offensive drag and that's fine.
 It's uncommitted to drag.
 Yeah right  exactly I don't know I just feel like you know Universal Studios what is the  slogan? Ride the movies.
 Yes.
 Why aren't we doing that with Jimmy Fallon? Why are  we not doing that with the Hollywood rip-ride rocket? You know what I mean? That's weird.
 You gotta steam it to a movie it's so fucking easy you know what I mean?  That's such an odd one that Hollywood rip-ride and rock it's so strange and  update the music yeah update the music what's on there like semi-sharm life and  Fergie Glamorous.
 Have you used this on a rollercoaster? There's a Kanye.
 What's Kanye? What's on the Soul of the Soul often? Stronger.
 Stronger's on there that was like the most current song.
 There's a secret menu of songs too on the  Hollywood rip-ride rocket.
 Yeah but you know those are also 15 years old.
 And also it's  so you have to pick it so quickly because when I was there last summer I took too  long looking and they're like you're listening to Sabotage.
 Right right right.
  It's pretty good.
 You're listening to a good one.
 Bad girls talking about the sad girls.
 I don't hate it but it's not what I would pick.
 It's not rollercoaster level energy.
 No it's not.
 Look  I'm looking at the secret menu and I'm gonna keep saying menu.
 It's important to know what's on the secret menu.
 Can I say really fast that this is the ride if you haven't been to  Universal Studios in a long time they kind of took over what used to be an  actual like studio area.
 It was where Nickelodeon was.
 Oh yes yeah Nickelodeon Studios.
  And they now there's just kind of a not generic rollercoaster but an unthemed  rollercoaster just kind of zooming all around it and you can pick musical choices  on it.
 It just doesn't make any sense.
 It's called the Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket.
  It's also not really themed to Hollywood.
 It doesn't have much California shit about it.
 It's a holdover of like when  everyone thought like the future of themed entertainment is interactive.
 You  get to choose so you feel like you're involved in the ride.
 Right and I get  that but it's like you know what then make it like classic movie soundtracks.
  You know like you have so much material to choose from.
 Are you kidding me? Like the  Universal canon like you couldn't put the Back to the Future theme on there.
  True.
 Or just like you know what like it's such a loss to not have Back to  the Future represented.
 You're telling me you couldn't theme those cars like  DeLorean's and make that a Back to the Future attraction.
 Oh interesting.
  The original idea.
 Put Hillbilly shit around it.
 It was a rollercoaster.
 Back to the Future rollercoaster.
  It didn't get very far.
 Was that the original idea? I think so yeah but they realized like it's too difficult to do like  show scenes characters and stuff with roller coasters.
 But you know what you don't  necessarily need that you know what I mean? Right.
 I'm telling you I think it is  enough to if you're if you want to put the Simpsons in and again another issue I  have not ride the movies.
 Like I don't I don't hate the Springfield area but it  is not the assignment.
 That's my problem with it.
 They need to change the slogan.
  I think they don't use it anymore.
 The corporate synergistic TV movie catalog that we own now and we're acquiring more.
  Right.
 Yeah because the whole thing because the whole thing started like  with the movie studios out here obviously and now everything everything  initially was kind of designed like well you're gonna see how the movies are made  and like that's the ride we're talking about today is very much that concept.
  Absolutely.
 And a lot of the rides of the concept and now they're caught between  like just trying to do a cool theme park and like still the history of like they  have sound like it's weird that there's just these like soundstage sets and like  backlot New York City and the term excuse me the Transformers is right  there yeah and they still don't have a cool cohesive Main Street or any hub  Disney still all of their parks have like a cool Main Street hub area right  and Universal is still a big mess.
 Because you know I think that what what  Disney does right is atmosphere.
 You know what I mean what they can give you like no one  else is atmosphere and they can give you immersion and I think what Universal  does right is high high level theme park experiences because you know the thing  about like I can complain about how you know I don't think that you know let's  just say Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket belongs there but I like the coaster  itself.
 Yeah.
 You know I like the attraction itself I think it's aged badly I think  it's rockier than it used to be but I like what it is I like that that park has  a big roller coaster with a nice steep-ass drop and a vertical lift hill  you know what I mean I like that about it right but and I think they do  attractions well and especially on Adventure I mean they've been doing that  but the thing is like it wouldn't be a big jump to just have it thematically  make sense.
 So is Hulk enough for you theme wise because I always kind of feel  like Hulk is cool because because you know you got a big Hulk statue out there  now and it says Hulk but really the coaster you're not getting the Hulk isn't  even snatching at you it doesn't even matter really.
 Right.
 Is that what you're  talking about? Here's the thing with Hulk the Hulk does its assignment because it  sets you up in a world which is you're gonna go through gamma radiation and  we're gonna see what happens and so with the launch sure you deliberately are  like matching theme with experience and right and so therefore and it's an  incredible roller coaster one of the best in the world and especially if you've  ridden it recently have you have any of you done it recently? I did it last year.
 I did it recently.
  My head hurt worse than when it used to I don't know why.
 I think that's getting  older because the last time.
 I'm not that much older.
 I was three years older.
 Hollywood rip ride rocket hurt my brain more too.
 They changed the narrative of the Hulk ride though did they not?  Yeah there's much less of a story than when they had the animation.
 Yeah you're right I mean now it's like sleeker and cooler.
  Well it has the soundtrack and it has and I do think the experience in the tube  itself as you're gonna get launched is so much better I mean like I just think it's  so amazing.
 The banner doesn't scream anymore.
 It's weird.
 I used to know the beat I could do it with my eyes closed.
 It kind of felt better narration wise before.
 Narration wise it felt better before.
 I think  experience wise in terms of more the more of the experience and you will the more  I think that they could have just met in the middle yeah to use a Zed and  Maren Morris song maybe they could have met me in the middle a little bit more.
 Is that on the secret menu? Yeah right honestly it should be what the fuck.
 Put that song on there it's a big ol' hit.
 There should be a secret menu of songs on the Hulk.
  Come on.
 Cause I don't need that Patrick Stump bullshit.
 I'm sorry.
 Is that what plays? It's a Patrick Stump composed five out of ten like soundtrack.
 Is it only there? Did he make a soundtrack for the ride? He made a soundtrack for that  for that coaster and that's what plays on the ride now.
 I've never heard this really.
 Yeah.
 This is a Fall Out Boy.
 Fall Out Boy.
 Gentleman the guy.
 Wow.
 Lead singer of Fall Out Boy.
 I don't think I realize that.
 We're never scared.
 What's the what's the Ghostbusters? What did they do? Oh I was just gonna say  light em up up up but that's not the one right? What was the ghost? That's not it.
 You're trying to think of the theme song from Ghostbusters colon answer the call.
 Ghostbusters answer the call it was like it was the regular song but then like we're gonna get it we're gonna give it to him.
 Right does anyone remember? How do we all not remember already? I know the Fall Out Boy song that is just sampling the monsters theme.
 Really? I think that song's a banger.
 Oh you like that song.
 Yeah I like that song.
 Oh my goodness.
 And there's a fun music  video.
 Jason unless you maybe you didn't know about this Jason thinks Nod Your Head Black Suits Coming is better than the original Men in Black song.
 No way.
 No way.
 In fact I think that's the best part of Men in Black is coming out and hearing here come the men in black.
 Sure.
 I mean I think.
 You gotta clap when you're there.
 Can you imagine working there? Oh I feel.
 Just again and again.
 And hearing it nonstop.
 Yeah because they don't have cycle they don't cycle even Black Suits Coming in parentheses Nod Your Head would  which is the real.
 They set up that soundtrack one time and they never changed it.
 Nobody's thinking to put a new CD in the player.
 They're barely wiping those guns down like those guns.
 But I love that ride.
 The blasters need a little clean.
 We do too.
 I love that shit and you know when they one day inevitably say it's coming down I'm gonna be mad.
 I think the building's cool the lighting package on the building is cool.
 You can just feel what used to be cool about it you know what I mean like yeah like now you ride it and you're like oh there's a lot of dead space in this attraction like it's not necessarily Maximum  Eyes and especially now that you have like you know the you know what I just did yesterday I just went to Six Flags Magic Mountain yesterday.
 Oh really.
 Yeah and I had never been and I did the the metropolis fucking Justice League.
 Yeah.
 And I thought with some good graphics with some good like Spider-Man level or you know Transformers level graphics on that.
 That's a cool ride because you also have the interactive you know shooting element to it.
 And I think like in a world where  men in black gets updated to that it's cool but there's no possible way to do that now.
 I feel like this is a universal doesn't really do updates.
 They don't do half steps the way that's Spider-Man does.
 Disney will keep things open.
 Yes.
 But now I can't think of any other ones.
 I guess Spider-Man on the whole.
 They screen upgraded Simpsons out here and Harry Potter and Harry Potter.
 Yeah that's about it.
 They don't.
 Yeah you're right.
 They don't thematically and like robot wise they rarely seem to change stuff around.
  There's not there's not the one point five step.
 There's not where they keep it a little fresh.
 Right.
 The one thing I think is going to be cool about the Harry Potter forbidden journey forbidden forest which I think they need to figure out another name for it if it's going to be through the forbidden forest and they can't have forbidden journey and forbidden forest.
 That's too much.
 Like the one thing I think is going to be cool about it is it is going to be a lot of practical effects.
 Oh is there it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It seems like that that from all the leaks that is what it's saying.
 So no screens no screens.
  Cool.
 Practical stuff like a lot of like transporting trees into the area like just tons of trees they have to plant.
 That's great.
 Yeah I love that though.
 Oh yeah.
 If they can legitimately make it seem like the forbidden forest like and really cover the area I think they're going to do themselves a whole world of you look at you.
 Your face just lit up.
 I'm.
 Yeah I'm so I'm honestly.
 Trust me.
 I think that they need it because especially now when you go to Universal and like now I'm at the place where like I'll do it all in one or two days because I can if I'm in the area for a short amount of time.
 Right.
  I mean I think that's the only thing that's going to be cool about it is that they actually do get fatigued on those screens.
 Yes.
 It is universal is it's not.
 We're not just being like you know like nerds about screen like there's so many screens there's so many screen tricks.
 They have four moves on the turn.
  Yeah.
 When they open fast and furious and you cross your fingers so hard that a they're going to make it different from the Hollywood version and they did it and they're going to make it like at least feel distinct from Skull Island which they did not say the same thing.
  Why are we doing this and that doesn't happen at Disney and so when you have the conversation of Disney versus Universal it's almost hard to be a universal Stan which I am when like there's such an obvious you know issue which is that there's too many screens and this isn't you're right.
  It's not just the nerd opinion because you'll take your parents or like who you know like somebody who has no stake in this and that's absolutely what they will say when they leave.
 100 percent.
 I'd like to know the history of I feel like it was something that theme park nerds were grumbling about and then it became very real around Harry Potter when people were getting sick on the original version that they open and now I think universal knows that the screen thing is a problem and I'd love to know how it became.
  Real how aware of it there I'd love to hear a universal person I'd love to just say too many screens and then see what they say I wonder because I think the best screens in a newer ride is the Guardians of the Galaxy which I just did for the first time.
  When the doors open up crystal clear those screens like when you go up in the gantry lift and the doors open those screens look great.
 Yeah production value babe like they gave it to you and honestly I was going in with like some side eye because I am a Tower of Terror purist as I think any decent theme park lover is.
  I'm very proud of Disney in Florida so far for maintaining the Tower of Terror and not just doing the easy thing and recreating the Guardians of the Galaxy over there and I'm happy that the Guardians of the Galaxy thing is going into the universe of energy which you know was essentially just like a wasteland for the last 20 years.
  Exxon propaganda.
 We line up pretty well the fact that you were pro Galaxy mission breaker that you are not that you're fine with the universe of energy going because the theme park nerd party line is often kind of against all I think that they took out Tower of Terror here and mad that universe of energy got in touch.
  But no one cares about universe of energy.
 Who cares about that? It was 45 minutes long.
 Yes.
 It's crazy.
 It ate up so much of the day.
 Why the fuck was it that long? I mean like sorry to your mom.
 I'm sure.
  Honestly the effort she's fine seems fine with it's just one thing.
 Well you know look I mean I think that Epcot has a lot of problems.
 Oh my God.
 Of course.
 Yeah I mean it's a mess but the thing is like at least give us something good.
 You know what I mean?  Like I do believe and I've heard some gossip about the Guardians of the Galaxy Epcot roller coaster as well.
 Shareable.
 Yeah shareable.
 I mean I just heard you're not getting inversions.
 You're not getting a rock and roller coaster type coaster.
 It will be launched.
  But I'm out.
 It's kind of you don't like launch.
 I don't do launches.
 I have a tough time with the launches.
 But you're not a rock and roller coaster fan.
 No I haven't done it.
 We did an episode about it.
 It's staggering.
 You gotta get him on it at some point.
 It's gonna be a whole like six month journey.
  You're like psyching him into it.
 Gringotts technically has a little bit of launches.
 Gringotts has a couple launches.
 But they're a team.
 I haven't been down there since it was open.
 Well you gotta do Gringotts.
 What are you gonna do on Slinky Dog? Slinky Dog looks like a pretty mild launch.
 It's still a launch.
 It's not just being a launch at all.
 You have to be a completist.
  And you're gonna be a launch queen.
 Oh no I have a term now.
 I'm like a real launch queen.
 I'm a launch queen.
 I love it.
 Jason does too.
 You like launches? I like launches.
 I like them better.
 I don't like the suspense.
 I like getting over with and we're going.
  I don't mind a little lift hill.
 Again I can't believe we're talking about Ripp Raider Rocket this much.
 But that 90 degree lift hill is an unnerving sensation.
 It could be straight up in the air like that.
 As long as it's good I like it.
 I mean I love a lift hill.
 I mean I like a quick lift hill.
 I don't know if you guys have ever been to Six Flags Great Adventure.
 No I'm not.
  I'm from Long Island.
 Oh okay.
 I'm from Suburbs in Philadelphia.
 But it's been a lot of time.
 South Jersey and we'd go up.
 Take the turnpike up to North Jersey.
 Right there you go.
 So they have a couple of the beasts.
 I mean the King Dekaa is a 120 mile launch.
 That's like in 2 seconds.
 I mean it's out of control.
 You would hate that.
 Once it started working.
 Right.
 I mean and I've done it in the front row several times.
 And you know what I just did for the first time was Superman Escape from the  Metropolis.
 No it's like the.
 What's the fucking clutches of Lex Luthor? Zod? Whatever it's called.
 The Superman ride at Six Flags Great Adventure.
 Not Great Adventure.
 Six Flags Magic Mountain.
 The famous one.
 It might just be called the Escape.
 The Escape? Superman the Escape.
 Escape from whatever the planet is.
 I don't even know.
 Krypton? Krypton.
 Escape from Krypton.
 Why would he be escaping from Krypton? He was a child.
 I don't know.
 He was getting blown up for some reason.
 So what is the idea that you're in the spaceship and like Jor-El is  put a baby in there.
 There was literally no information given because it's Six Flags.
 I might have six dollars.
 But it's a 100 mile per hour launch backwards.
 Sure.
 Because then you go up.
 Straight up and then you come back down.
 And that is crazy.
 But I love a good launch coaster.
 And unfortunately for you that new Harry Potter coaster is giving you launch.
 Yeah I have to get over this if I ever want to go on a ride again.
 Because.
 You just gotta get over it.
 They're not that bad.
 What is it?  That scares you about it? The suddenness? Yeah I feel like I feel like a heart sensation that is unpleasant to me.
 But that might be the same sensation might be pleasant to a person who likes them.
 Have you ever done a launch coaster? Yes.
 I just stopped in the mid 2000s.
 This is my 40 year old virgin story.
 I gotta just stop trying.
  The thing we all remember from that movie.
 Yeah the catch phrase.
 Sad like motivation.
 The most serious part of the 40 year old virgin.
 I did the mummy.
 I have done the mummy one.
 I have done California Screamin but not in a very long time.
 Now in credit coaster.
 I want to see in credit coaster.
 I want to do it.
 You have to do it.
 I was just so disappointed on Saturday when I went and it was closed.
 Maybe it was too hot or something.
  I was so lame.
 Might have been to the heat waves been so horrendous.
 I was there on Saturday when it was 107 degrees and then credit coaster was shut down and I don't know maybe it was because it was new or there's new elements or something they wanted to close it down.
  I mean it's Jason said it's there's no robots on it.
 It's just statues.
 So the statues probably weren't malfunctioning.
 So it was something else.
 We did it.
 We did it.
 We did it.
 We both did it.
 It's fine.
 It's the same thing you remember.
 The music's great.
  And there's some cool statues to look at of the Incredibles.
 OK.
 So you know what I just did at Disneyland which like holds up is Indiana Jones.
 Oh my God.
 It's great.
 It's great.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 One Indiana matron that illuminates and he's hanging above you and then comes down.
  That's that's good stuff.
 That's top top five ride of all time I think.
 You know we haven't ranked them but right.
 I'm just not a California guy.
 So you know I've only done it twice in my life but this is my head done.
 And why in the world was that never reproduced.
  Look, it's a nice store.
 Yeah.
 But that's not the same thing.
 Why was the exact same thing.
 That was a good ride with that difference.
 One was good and one because it used to be a lot more intense and people complained and they came they teamed it which is similar to Indiana Jones which the  ride vehicles used to be a lot more intense.
 And people like they've slowed them down since.
 So like I don't know if it was probably a similar thing of like too aggressive.
 It is weird though you would build the exact same track with the cars and not plug Indiana Jones.
 Is it the exact same exact same track.
 Yeah.
 Because I was just on it in March again and I'm like this is a funny I'll take some of the heat of a Scott.
 This is a ride that kind of traumatized me when I went on it like 15 years ago.
 So there's something sort of in the back of my mind that still tells me it's scary.
 I went on it this time and I was like you're a tough guy.
  And everything's gonna be fine.
 And I kept my eyes open and it's crazy.
 You're just like oh there's the skull room.
 Here we go.
 Here's the wow exactly the same.
 OK.
 Very dark like the end of it.
 It's very dark and there's just like a lot of flashes of light so that I can see that being a nerve.
 Speaking of unnerving like the attraction that we are here to discuss today terrified me like none other.
 Oh really.
 Yeah.
 Thanks for seghing in.
 Yeah.
 Well we are we sometimes we fail to will.
  We'll just not 15 on not on the topic.
 Thank you for that.
 You can call this twister ride it out and just stop it right now and it would kind of thematically make sense because this this comes here has been like a tornado of we don't know where it's going.
 Goodness.
 Well we didn't.
 I mean as we lead into the attraction you want to talk about how did you become a theme park fan.
 Like what is your story.
 What a background.
 Wow.
 This is crazy.
 I mean like to be totally honest with you.
  I don't know.
 I think that what happened was it was the first I'm a creative person and something about going when I was young I think I went to Disney World for the first time when I was like five or six and just like if you do get to go at that age I think it's hard to forget.
  You know what I mean.
 I'm someone who and I could probably go to therapy about this and find out why.
 But here's a weird thing about me every night in my dreams and that's not just the first line of a Celine Dion song but it's also the first line of this sentence.
 Every night in my dreams I have theme park dreams really.
 Oh wow.
 Yeah.
 Like often I will have a dream where just I'll be online for a theme park attraction the whole time I'm sleeping and then I'll get on a ride and I'll wake up.
  Like it's really bizarre.
 I don't know what it is but I'm obsessed with them and I have been from a young age.
 I remember I think the first year I ever went to back to Universal was 98 and this was like went back to the future was at its height like it was the I remember it had the tagline like the greatest ride in the world.
  My dad was like you're going to love this and they took me and I just really liked movies and was into that and couldn't believe like the mash up of movies and theme park attractions.
 I thought I felt that it was like theater and I still do like I do think at the highest level it's like yeah so great.
  And so I just never got over it.
 I always was like demanding that that's where we go on vacation and got my little sister into it through I think Disney and Universal found that I actually really like roller coasters and fancy myself a little bit of a thrill seeker growing up.
  But I think it was 2002 no no no 1999 was when I was a venture open so it was like 2000 2001 when my parents went down with us to Universal and it was the one of the first years that it was like a full theme park destination like the way that Disney was trying to be right.
  And it was the first year we were not going to do Disney because I think my parents were like a little disappointed in Animal Kingdom and like the you know it was just such a vast experience because that really was not anything for so long.
  Yeah, I agree.
 Yeah, I have like unpleasant memories from that time of that part.
 Yeah, I think and hot and no no rides and like too much McDonald's.
  Yeah, I think a special place I think I appreciate it more as an adult like the theming and stuff walking around I think a lot of the trees grew and filled in like shade and honestly you're probably not wrong.
  Yeah, it feels I just went on this rides now.
  There's some I mean expedition Everest was huge for huge for them.
 Oh yeah, like, I like Countdown to Extinction always have but like the Kilimanjaro safaris is not a ride it's a safari.
  The Collier River Rapids are not top tier Rapids ride.
 And now I think you go back there and I mean I think they have what is one of the top rides in the world which is Flight of Passage.
  Oh yeah, it's just, it's just phenomenal.
 You guys have all done it.
 I just Mike.
  Just Mike, you are missing out you gotta get down there.
 It's transcendent.
 Well, I, my family, my family to occasionally will go in and just to like a long weekend at Universal.
  I tried to shame you you went down and just went to Universal and I tried to shame you into going to Pandora but you didn't.
 Yeah.
  Like especially like in 2000 or 2003 or so, like there wasn't a lot of stuff opening there wasn't like Islands of Adventure was like the last big opening the new thing thing, and it's still like is that the first.
  No, I guess California Adventure has opened since then, but like Islands of Adventure was the first like, there's a going to the 21st century theme park, we are big time do for something new, but the first like maybe the new theme park  that was well the animal kingdom was in our lifetime but Islands of Adventure is better.
 So probably the best theme park that's opened in our lifetimes.
  They would they would argue that volcano Bay is like a new theme park but  it was great, but around it is a normal water park.
 I actually didn't even get to go.
 Well, the volcano is insane.
 Yeah, like I like I was just in the wave pool staring at it going this is the greatest like fake thing I've ever seen and then you go around the rim is just like regular slides.
  Right.
 So like if it was all themed like the volcano, it would be insanely cool, but the volcano itself is the attraction and in, which is interesting that they didn't go all the way with that.
  I mean you think that they would they've learned, I don't want to get us off on a whole thing but universal I feel like there's these starting stops where once Harry Potter came I feel like all the chatter was like, they got it.
  Here we go we're about to go on like a 20 year run of the greatest theme park attractions ever.
 And then all of a sudden like, you know, Fast and Furious comes out and it screens you know it's like it's starting fits and starts to this whole thing and I don't know if we're ever  going to get that like I think they just need to slow down.
 I think that they're on this I think they're on this thing where they're like we're going to open a new thing every year and I think the danger with that is that they're just going to start copying themselves,  and I think that guest response is not good to Fast and Furious Supercharged and I think they're going to learn from it.
 That's why I hope there's people on Twitter going like this that we waited for an hour and we're very disappointed.
  I don't think that, and especially like the amount of space it's taking up.
 Yeah, it's like it's huge and also like, you know, I think that's why they're trying to create something very new and individual at the new Harry Potter roller coaster.
  And you know I do think that Skull Island is impressive.
 I do like Skull Island.
 Yeah, but the ride is kind of lame, but then there's just a head there's one Kong at the eye though that was very cool.
 It's amazing.
 It's great.
  But he doesn't swipe at you.
 We want to feel like we're in danger.
 You want a big paw hit you.
 Come on.
 Yeah, there were so many crazy like the rumors of stuff that never gets built the blue sky rumors of like, there's going to be King Kong will reach into your  ride vehicle and your driver will kill your driver.
 There will be one that chases the car then.
 That's the rumor too.
 There was a robot monkey that chased you too.
 I don't, I'm less optimistic though because as we're saying like this is Harry Potter coaster is going to be great.
  The Harry Potter stuff is usually very good.
 But you also said born identities coming, which kind of sounds like another but on the horizon is also Nintendo and I think Nintendo World will be fantastic.
  Nintendo World will be, will be Harry Potter level.
 But, you know, and that's the thing with Universal and to go back to what I was saying like their highs are high and their lows are low.
 But I think that when I first went in 2001 or whatever when there was  onto the venture and the studios and you could like stay on the resort and you can still do this but like your hotel key was like your express pass and you get to the front of everything.
 It's truly remarkable.
 It's still good.
 It's still good.
 But back then, like my family, we were shocked by the first couple times we stayed at the Hard Rock down there because we're like, we can't believe this works.
  We can't believe we can do this.
 And now they're getting bigger and bigger and bigger and it's like, it's going to be hard for it to, you know, maintain that but I will never forget, like, we went to do Twister and it had been closed the three years.
  I remember they were, they were going to open it in 98, 99.
 And that was the first year I was there but the El Nino had been particularly bad and like there were there had been like homes lost to natural disasters and tornadoes in Florida that cost a lot of damage and they  actually had a sign outside that said out of respect for the recent weather events that the opening of the attraction Twister Rided Out was delayed.
 They donated money evidently.
 Yeah.
 And this is before, wow, 100,000.
 Yeah, because I think that they really, I mean, they were really playing with fire there.
 I mean, to another point on Universal, which every other place.
  But, you know, it's a little insensitive to have our theme park attraction for you and what you enjoy like things based on things that kill people and destroy homes and destroy lives.
 But the gift shop being called Aftermath is alright, right?  Probably not.
 But to be honest with you, when you go see Bill and Ted's excellent adventure show, like you realize, oh, taste is not a thing here.
  We'll get to it.
 Being a gay man watching that and also like you saw it down there here.
 I saw it down there.
 Oh boy.
 Oh, because they kept doing it.
 And it was like the Florida version of it.
 Baby.
 Oh, tell us something.
 What's the detail? I saw it pre election.
  So they had like, so there was a lot of political humor in the show.
 And it was like the shock and the horror, which was a Hillary character coming out and the whole crowd booing and then being depicted as a character and people cheering.
  And I was like, oh, wow.
 That's when you knew, you know, that was October and it was the election was obviously on November 9th.
 And I was with my boyfriend at the time and my sister and we were sitting there and it was like this realization that we were surrounded by Trump voters.
  And I'm like, you know, God bless if you listen to this and you're a Trump voter, but you know, it was hard.
 I was hard.
 And it was like, wow, it was like really sunk in.
 And my sister lives in St.
 Petersburg, Florida.
 And she was like, yeah, this is what I'm telling you.
  It's like, it doesn't feel as good down here.
 Like, you know, it doesn't feel optimistic.
 And then, you know, we don't have constant Lin-Manuel benefits.
 We don't have Lena Dunham rapping.
  Okay, I was in that funny or die video.
 I was in that funny or die video with Lena Dunham.
 Yeah.
 Where she rapped.
 What can you say about this? I can say she's exactly what you think.
 Very nice.
 Okay.
 But kind of that girl.
 Okay.
  It was funny that the joke was Lena, you shouldn't do this.
 And yet it was that because, you know, weird way to soften it.
 Like everything with the Hillary campaign.
 Good intentions.
 Little misguided.
 There's a part in the video where she says, I wonder if this is actually hurting her chances of winning.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'm fully in that.
 Yeah.
 Oh, boy.
 I didn't realize that.
 Are you a friend at the beginning? I'm a friend at the beginning.
 Oh, wow.
 And I'm the one who's like my choice.
 They had us improvise.
  And my choice was I'm going to be the one who's like trying to get her to say fucked up shit so that I can get it and like sell it to like a magazine.
 And she loved that.
 She was like, she was like, oh my God.
 Yeah, that's so funny.
 Can you improvise a bunch of takes of like insulting things to me?  I was like, yeah.
 And so basically it was me just like ripping on Lena Dunham to her face.
 Whoa.
 It was what a crazy experience, but she was so cool about it.
 I really do like her.
 I'm like a fan.
 I know that she's problematic.
 Do you know where Lammy is? Oh my God.
  Do you have any insider information? The fuck are you talking? No.
 That's the dog.
 No, I don't know what's going on with Lammy.
 Lena Dunham's dog, Lammy.
 Lammy? She followed me on Instagram and has since unfollowed me, which really hurts.
  Oh, so you could say whatever now.
 Too complex to get into, but she had a dog for years that seemed like it was a pain in the ass.
 It kept biting her.
 It tried to bite other people.
 Oh, she got rid of Lammy.
 I recall something about this.
 And now it's been removed from the narrative?  Yeah, I wonder where that dog is.
 I think in the rescue or whatever organization she got it from was like, there's a, we make people sign a contract that if you're not going to keep the dog, you give it back to us and we find a home for it.
 And I think she gave it somewhere out here.
  Well, we'll find that Lammy, Lammy centric tangent.
 How did I get there? So yeah, the Bill and Ted show taste aftermath, the gift shop.
 Yes.
 Okay.
 So I went down there and twister was open and I remember just like we were all going in and there was like the pre show videos outside of like real twisters.
  Remember that? Yeah, actual actual in the queue home being destroyed.
 Real home video footage of F5 tornadoes ripping homes apart.
 So then you go in and it's this sort of intense pre show, which starts with the very first scene of twister.
  The movie, the 1996 yonder bond film starring Helen hunt and Bill Paxton.
 Great.
 Yes.
 So Paxton.
 And before we go too far, can I just just really fast because I'm my way out the door.
  My way out the door, like my wife who's pretty like knowledgeable about this stuff.
 She was not sure about the basics of twister.
 Ride it out.
 Just to put it in context in the park.
 It's in the New York area of Universal Studios.
 Yep.
 Twister was in the New York area.
  Replaced and goes the Ghostbusters.
 Next to the Guggenheim.
 Now it's now race through New York is there, but just the basic, the style of attraction.
 It's like it's the East Coast equivalent of the back draft right here where it's I call it rooms of peril.
  Right.
 You move from like one room with no peril to one with some and then one with a lot.
 And let me tell you, they nailed that.
 I thought that like, yeah, it was a special effects.
 It wasn't even a ride.
  There was no part of it was right.
 There was a, I guess, six centimeter drop at the end.
 That was shocking the first time I did it.
 But it was a special effects show, essentially.
 Even though the ride is called twister.
  Ride it out.
 Ride it out.
 Yeah.
 Very, very confusing, but not a ride.
 And I also want to make sure I'll say it now.
 And hopefully you're looking at the correct way to ride it out in the episode title.
 It should be twister.
 No space.
 Dot, dot, dot.
 No space.
 Ride it out.
  Which is in some circles the way you're supposed to do in ellipses.
  Really? There's no.
 I write for vulture and my editor sometimes like I'll just do like twister dot, dot, dot with no space in between twister and dot, dot, dot.
 When you're often writing about twister.
 When I'm often writing about it, I'm just using an example.
 And then like they'll like put a space after the word.
 And I'm like, oh, that's interesting.
 That's the way that's supposed to go.
  My dad works for Chicago Tribune.
 He tries to get me to put a space in between those.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Wait, I don't know about both.
 I think maybe both.
  I do it as the word.
 And then some publications have their own style guides and just adhere to AP style.
 Fascinating.
 I have a journalism degree.
 Never finished converted to something else.
 Yeah.
 Oh, my God.
 So did I.
  There's an ellipses on your journalism career.
 Pretty much.
 It was never saying that sociology minor.
 So unfinished.
 Yeah.
 So I just want to say the basics of the ride because I think I think there are the non-ride.
 I think there are people who didn't know this thing existed.
  This does.
 Well, the thing is it was unmissable in the park because as you were walking down the first street into the New York area, it was huge.
 I mean, like the twister.
 I loved like the facade of it.
 Like I thought it was so great being kind of like torn up.
 Yeah.
 And it was the ride itself.
  The duration of the drivers.
 It was about 15 minutes.
 It was also a long one.
 So the first room was you see the first scene of twister and then you see Bill Paxton like in his perfect like this is a plank of wood style glory.
  Just come out and he puts his hand on his hip, babe.
 And the posture with which he delivers this.
 I was telling I was saying before, like I have I have it on my phone still.
 I have a video of it on my phone from when you were because it closed.
  I closed in 2015.
 I knew that it was going to be I'll play it into my mic.
 Please.
 Yeah.
 Two screens, though, two projection screens.
 Yes.
 First, because they didn't have Paxton and hunt at the same time.
  Do you know why shot them separately? I hear they didn't like each other.
 They didn't like each other.
 Wow.
 They didn't get along.
 And actually, when he passed away, she posted a nice picture of him together, them together.
 And she said she wrote, you are the reason why this movie was great.
  Man, you acted your heart out on this movie.
 And it was it was really like kind of nice because, you know, if you watch the movie, he really does give it a lot.
 So now I have I have Bill Paxton.
 Oh, good.
  Hold on.
  Wait, let me do this again.
 Oh, that's my favorite line he's about to say.
 Here we go.
 All right.
 All right, folks.
 Oh, wait, I just lost it.
  And the movie twisters about one of the most primordial forces on the face of the earth.
  At the same time, tornadoes one of the most inspiring sites one can witness in nature.
 I'm Bill Paxton.
 I play storm chaser determined to confront that mystery.
  And that's all I have.
 Just know it's the best.
 And then she comes in and says, and I'm not honed and she's wearing her fucking classic white tank top in the movie and like classic like, oh my God, like, and he looks over.
  I like that he like just does this blatant look like, well, she'll be next to you on a video screen.
 Look over.
 And honestly, that's like a part of that's like an era of these theme parks that I missed.
  There's like this like stupid shit that they thought we bought into.
 I mean, I think it's it's crazy and very big of them to do this ride.
 Now I'm sure it was in their contract.
  They had to do the ride.
 But reading about the making of Twister, that movie was a fucking nightmare to make.
 Yeah.
 I mean, they get into a little bit in the pre show.
  But I mean, they were blinded by they were blinded by light, super powerful lights.
 Yeah.
 And they and they had real hair special glassy.
  Yeah.
 They real hail.
 They were the director was like Yon Devant.
 Yon Devant coming off of speed.
  And this this Twister did end up being a huge hit.
 It was number two in 96 after Independence Day.
  And it was a huge hit.
 But it's like, what else did they do? Oh, Helen Hunt got a concussion.
  She like kept hitting her head like it's on something.
 And then Yon said she is clumsy.
 Yeah.
  He's he actually said afterwards, you know, Helen is rather clumsy and hit her head a lot.
  Geez.
 And then and this quote is copy pasted from the Wikipedia.
  After filming in a particularly unsanitary ditch, Hunt and Paxton needed hepatitis shots.
  Just insane.
 Yeah.
 This is the same time that Titanic was also being shot.
 Yeah.
  There's also horror stories about that.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think like like on these blockbuster movies, they hadn't figured out yet how to take care of their cast.
  And probably, you know, it probably is even worse when it comes to the crew, because, you know, the crew walked off.
  Yeah.
 And they lost the whole D.
P.
 crew.
 Yeah.
 The D.
P.
 crew.
  And then I.
L.
M.
 had to more than double their original plan for one hundred and fifty digital sky replacement shots because they had to shoot so many of the tornado scenes in like broad daylight.
  And they had to like fix it in post.
 And this was a time where that was like incredibly expensive.
  What is it? Is all worth it because we got this theme park attraction.
  Get this out of it.
 And you get I mean, yeah, they imply in the ride, both Paxton and Hunt, that it was a difficult shoot.
  But Paxton goes a little deeper and seems to imply that the ride made him go mad.
  Yeah, he's like, you begin to believe that the movie is real.
  What's happening around? It was not fiction, but the real monster storm.
 And he's like, oh, is a life of its own like a demon creature.
  Like he literally like in the second room.
 So you have this first room where they held like now you'll experience what a twister truly can be.
  And then like like literally at that point, like a lot of the kids in that room were like, no, I'm not doing this.
  And I was with my cousin at the time, my cousin at the time, my cousin and now and then.
 Yeah.
  He was like, are we going to do this on a whole family was there.
 We were like, yeah, let's keep going.
 But it was scary.
  It put you in the world.
 Yes.
 And then you move into her father, Helen Hunt's father.
  Like you see the opening scene in the movie and her character as a child watches her father get ripped out of a storm cellar into a tornado.
  And it's very upsetting.
 Yes.
 Terrifying.
 I realize it's very similar to what they would do in Man of Steel, the Zack Snyder Superman movie when he watches his father die at the hands of a tornado.
  It's a tornado similar in fact, very similar.
 But then you you go from that room into what is essentially a recreation of Aunt May's house and Meg and Meg and may famously another and Spider-Man.
  Who's that? And Scott's Aunt Meg is Lois Smith, Lois Smith from Twister.
 I'm sorry.
  She makes food for all of the different people.
 Wait, who? F***ed up by a tornado.
 Who's Aunt?  I believe it's Joe's Aunt.
 Joe's Aunt, do you want to know the names of each of the crew members?  I guess I'll tell you.
 You know who else is in that movie.
  Philip Seymour Hoffman.
 Great.
 Alan Rock.
 Wow.
  Characters named Rabbit, Sanders, Lawrence, Preacher, Carrey Ellis, Belzer and Dusty is Philip Seymour Hoffman's character.
 Yeah.
  Dusty is like a tornado guy.
 He's like a tornado guy.
 He's like a rar the whole time.
 He's like very much into tornadoes.
  Oh, the guy who loves it.
 Yeah, he's very into it.
  Storm Chasers.
 It's about a bunch of wild Storm Chasers.
 Very that.
 Yeah.
  And so then you're in that room and that's when it gets start to get like scary.
  Uh huh.
 There's a car going through the ceiling of Aunt Meg's house.
 Yeah.
  I don't know.
 Do they say I went on it once when I was younger and I was watching the video.
  Do they say now we're going into Aunt Meg's house? They do not.
 That's just sort of a blab.
  You're led into that room and then you experience like them saying like after a while you don't know what's real, what's fake.
  The Twitter takes on its own demon personality.
 It's terrorizing you, etc, etc, etc.
  And she's like and all you can do is hang on.
 And then and then he says something like he says like and after a while there's only one thing you can do.
  And it cuts to his face and he goes hang on for your life.
  And it cuts to white noise and then you hear sirens and the people in like yellow like raincoats come out with the directional directors.
  But why wouldn't I was expecting Indigo.
 There was one thing you can do.
 Ride it out.
  But they don't.
 It seems like a given.
 I don't know.
 I think like yeah maybe it should have been called Twister.
  Hang hang on for your own.
 It's so stupid.
 They said it should have been nothing.
 I should have just been the attraction or should have been Twister stand here while some stuff happens.
  Yeah.
 Or they should have given you all a leather belt.
 Is it a belt or a leather strap like the beginning of the day?  They strap onto some water pipes in a pump house where apparently the pipes in a pump house go well underground.
  So they're very like secure and grounded.
 They're like wrapped up in it.
 So that's a tip.
 That's how they survive.
  Anybody listening if a tornado strikes while you're listening to this episode.
 Get your leather belt on strap it to some pipes and hold on to your life.
  Hold on to your life which you do in the third scene.
 Yes.
 You have to.
  Which is there's three tiers and I always went all the way to the front and sat in the middle.
 Not sat.
 I stood in the middle.
 I went all the way up to the guardrail.
  You're very brave.
 Very brave to be right near the twister which happens.
 But I remember when I was younger like what happens in that last scene like really like got me.
  I was like oh my god there's a real fucking twister here and all the show scenes are so all the elements are so fun like a cow flies in and you know the the lightning breaks the tree in half and the movie screen flies away and you know the like sign flies away and like there's a.
  When you set the scene you're kind of in this like small town tableau.
 What's the name of the city you're in?  You're in the scene.
 You're in the scene from the movie which is the drive in scene.
 Yeah.
  Which is a major climactic moment in the movie.
 But also all of a sudden an F5 rolls.
 An F5.
 It's an F5 on the Fujita scale.
  It's called the finger of god.
 It's called the finger of god.
 That is a favorite line.
 You are technically in a quonset hut I think which is a temporary metal sheet metal hut often used by the military.
  It's a place to hide.
 It's an exact recreation of the scene from the movie where that's where they go to hide from the tornado.
  And of course there is a gas station in front of you in classic Universal Studios style.
 So that's we're talking about universal reusing a lot of stuff.
  A lot of the old tricks are in this ride.
 The gas the way like the trail like splashing of water.
  The splash water happens at every ride.
 If it ain't broke.
 Right.
 If it ain't broke.
 Sure.
 If it ain't broke.
  But the interesting thing about Twister is if you were in the third row you got really wet.
 So I never got wet.
  Because the water came from the back.
 Oh yeah.
 Do you remember because the video reminded me of a lot of stuff but I did not recall what it was like physically and wind wise to be in that room.
  A lot of wind.
 OK.
 A lot of wind.
 I mean you know in terms of like the fire did its job it was hot.
 The water did its job.
 It got you wet.
 There was the wind.
 They nailed it.
 The wind was blowing.
  And then the only crappy funny element was the cow.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 The cow is pretty silly.
 It was silly but it gets a laugh.
  I got a laugh.
 It was fun.
 You know what I mean.
 Like Dorothy 4.
 Don't forget Dorothy 4.
 Maybe it's Dorothy 3 at that point.
 That's the device they used to measure the storm.
  Right.
 Dorothy was in there and that was kind of like fun for people that knew the movie.
 But do you guys know about the merchandise what you would find in Aftermath?  I don't.
 The store.
 I was like the DVD was like you know little cows.
 There's a lot of tchotchkes.
 A lot of tchotchkes stuff.
 I have a very particular one but I want to hear what you have.
  Just according to the way I think I was on yesterland and they make a big deal out of how you know in 2005 and beyond people don't want to buy you know the twister memorabilia as much.
 So they went all in on the cow.
 So it's very like a big dog kind of t-shirts with like attitude.
  Oh wow.
 Graphics.
 I like that.
 Professional lawnmower.
 What? Like a lawnmower.
 And then it's just kind of a disheveled cow who's like not going anywhere but I'm lazy and I'm staying here and he's saying moo in a lazy way.
 Huh?  And then another one with a fancy cow with a monocle and a pipe and it says head of the herd.
 So if you're a person who needed to convey your personality with one of those shirts I'd like to talk to you for a while.
  I wish I had and I wish I was.
 Here's what I remember about Aftermath because another thing they leaned into was like well this movie takes place in the Midwest so here's a lot of folksy like tin signs and cookie jars and stuff and a giant display of moon pies.
  A favorite snack of mine.
 That was the first place I think I ever had a moon pie.
 Was at.
 I was like oh a moon pie.
 Because I remember seeing them on Food Network.
 That's like your Superman origin story with moon pies.
 Like Food Network shows that would be like you know how was this made sort of thing.
  If you you're probably you're like fuzzy on where you lost your virginity but first place.
 You fell in love with moon pies.
 Also right outside for a very brief period of time and this was another thing I remember from like a Food Network show.
 Do you guys remember cool dogs?  No.
 What are you talking about? Okay this is a this was a dessert treat that lasted a very short amount of time.
 It is a sponge cake shaped like a bun and then it is a like a tube of vanilla ice cream that looks like a hot dog and then chocolate sauce and whipped cream and sprinkles.
  Essentially a dessert hot dog.
 They made a dessert hot dog.
 I think they thought like we're gonna be the next dip and dots and I saw it when you're at Universal I went back the next summer and cool dogs were gone.
 No cool dogs.
 They call it the official dessert of God.
  I found the only piece of merch I can find on eBay for Twister write it out.
 This is the shirt and I would wear this.
 I think I'm gonna get that.
 This is like a.
 You have to outbid me.
 It's like from the pattern it's like.
  It's like from the pattern it's a cloud pattern that's like from the Minds Eye DVDs.
 Yeah it's like it's got a 95 screensaver esque but on a shirt.
 It's pre-owned $30.
 It is XL.
 I'm a large though so I know I'm not gonna wear a big shirt.
 It's a little smaller.
 Make it work.
 Yeah.
  What did you think of the like because I mean you you end up in the middle of the hurricane and you see a lot of like the wind tornado sorry tornado and a lot of the wind effects.
 I mean the sound I really remember the sound like it was something like God like 50 something speakers in there.
  It was just so loud.
 It was great.
 I mean they did a great job.
 The only part of it which was like which was sometimes the twister would look really weak.
 The funnel.
 Yeah right.
 So the best the twister itself like the main event like I can see people walking away from it and being like what the fuck.
  But when you wrote it at a certain amount of time in the day like after it had been kicking up a lot like it couldn't be the first or second thing you did because that was like the first or second times it was actually activating.
 Yeah.
 So if you did it at like three or four p.
m.
  It had been going all day and it got really thick.
 The funnel itself like like it was you know it was pretty crazy.
 Like I remember the first time I did it I was like young and I was looking up at it and it was like big and it felt like I didn't know what was happening.
  And then you've got the final little that you're the floor box under you.
 Yes.
 That was a really shocking part.
 And of course also the ceiling rises and then falls like it's going to collapse on you.
 So those two elements combined were pretty cool.
  So the first time I did it it was pretty startling and I loved it and I always have love for it for the first time I did it and I always like went back and did it.
 I remember every time I was there I would do it like twice while I was there.
 I just I loved it.
  I love the sensation of game.
 I loved like revisiting that feeling of being a little kid and like really being scared about it and like I just liked how to watch how everyone else reacted to it.
 I don't know.
 It really was my favorite thing.
 I always like overrated it whenever I was asked what I liked.
  It was just one of my favorites.
 You recognize if you had to make a list of greatest theme park attractions versus ones you love the most.
 Yeah.
 That would be oddly high.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean but that's that's that's you're right.
 It's what you like.
 Yeah.
 I mean I remember like just I would like when I was a little freak I would like make lists after every trip.
 I was like here's the order in which I like.
  Wow.
 And it was always.
 Excuse me.
 It was always in the top 10.
 Okay.
 Out of all the attractions there and really had no right being there.
 I mean like Revenge of the Mummy is always number one for me.
 And then you got your grand got to get your forbidden journey.
 You got your Hulk.
  Are you upset with the.
 I don't want to get the revenge of the mummy out here.
 Does that upset you.
 Absolutely.
 That's a bummer that it's not as good as the one in Orlando.
 It's I mean that was the thing with the Tower of Terror out here.
 It's just it was good but it wasn't as good as the one in Orlando.
 I mean look.
 It's bigger disappointment though than Tower of Terror out here was.
 Oh yeah.
 Revenge of the Mummy the ride out here in California is nothing.
 A joke.
 Evicted ET.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 What's the point.
 And also it ends so abruptly.
 Yeah.
 It feels just.
 Oh yeah.
  The ride.
 It's there's an eclipse.
 Get it.
 That's what those lights are anyway.
 A few times because like oh it never made a look of there used to be a very convoluted story about finding the Magi symbol which makes more sense in the Florida version.
 This one it's never kind of really.
  There's a convoluted story in the Florida one too but it's like it doesn't really matter because the ride in and of itself is so amazing and also of course what Florida has which Hollywood doesn't have is the incredible like fake out and fake out ending the first time I did that.
  I was that startled me so much.
 I couldn't believe that.
 I don't think I know the figure.
 Oh the figure ending in Florida is it's a launch.
 And you essentially go through I guess it's like two minutes of ride and then you stop and it is a girl's voice says thank you so much for experiencing.
  And then like and like you see her silhouette pat behind a screen and the screen burst and there's like a water on you which is supposed to be her blood.
 And then the Imhotep is like says your souls are mine for all eternity and like the ceiling.
  Bursts into place an incredible feature of that ride which is the whole ceiling is engulfed in fire.
 She's that's amazing.
 Then he says your souls are mine and you are launched into a very steep.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 A decline and then the rest of the coast takes you the rest of the way but it is it's it's incredible.
 I think if you're in the back of the car you can hear him yell death is only the death is only the beginning which I was like oh yeah like that was great.
  You're right.
 That is Rachel.
 My voice says that in the movie like so quietly but in this he is screaming.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Death is only the beginning is the line there and earlier he says your souls are mine when you're launched into his mouth.
  Death is only the beginning.
 I remember the first time I heard it I was like oh my god and the second time I heard it I laughed hysterically.
 It is so funny.
 And then great.
 The ride is over.
 Not long after that.
 But yeah no that's that's a uniquely good ride and also the way they were  hyping that attraction up before it all.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 They were literally saying hi.
 This will be the best thing you've ever done.
 Right.
 And it was just like when they were calling it like a psychological thrill ride.
 I was like I was like what are you thinking here and then you do it and you're like oh no that was the shit.
  Yeah.
 And that was also I forget how the timing works out on this.
 When did do you remember when Mummy opened.
 2004.
 OK.
 So I think probably close Kong by this point but that fake marquee the fake movie theater facade that used to be the Islands of Adventure preview.
  Yes it was.
 You would go room to room and see what was coming to the parks including stuff that never materialized like the Orlando Marvel Mania restaurant which as a little kid I guess it wasn't that low.
 I was probably 12 but I just remember being down there in 99.
  Islands of Adventure open city walk open I'm like looking at all the maps and I'm like where is the Marvel meeting and I asked so many people and they're like I don't we don't what we don't know.
 That's so sad.
 You like just the saddest little boy.
 I just have a Marvel restaurant and then yeah I and thankfully there was plenty in the island.
  So plenty to keep me occupied and realizing that he was not going to find the Marvel Mania and sadly walking away and muttering to himself.
 Death is only the beginning.
 At that point it was.
 Were you when you met when you were a kid like were you a scared kid on these rides or I mean you obviously liked being scared but like I was just flat out scared.
 We were all except for Jason like scared kids.
  Well yeah I would read so much about them beforehand like I had like all the travel books and everything like I would read so much about them that by the time I got in front of them I would really be scared and psych myself out to the point where like before that you know first universal trip.
  I went to Epcot one time and there was the honey I shrunk to the audience.
 Yes.
 Yeah and there was a part where the snake.
 I knew about that and I screamed and cried because my parents were going on the ride and I was like I don't want to because of the snake and my grandmother stayed with me outside the ride.
  She was like you guys go I'll stay with him but I was like oh it sucks because like all I want to do is go on that but I'm so scared of the snake and then I got a little bit older and it happened one more time which was I had done every ride in this theme and I was a venture and universal  including Dr.
 Dooms fear for your fault which is scary.
 Yeah but I was about to go on Hulk and my dad was like okay let's go and I was like no I don't want to go.
 He's like we're going because if you don't do it you're going to feel bad and we're going to go and it's not a big deal and we're going to go and my mom was like Richie don't make him do it if he doesn't want to do it and he was like no we're going because we're not going to hear the end of it and I went on it and I remember what I said to him before I got on.
  Just remember I told you so.
 Like I was going to die or something but I loved it.
 Yeah yeah of course.
 Heavy statements this whole episode.
 I was scared but I got over it and then once you do it it's fine.
 Yeah of course.
  Well I'm really I thought your answer to that might be no loved it did everything.
 No I was like a fidgety anxious kid but you did you know then do it.
 I did.
 And some in a lot of settings.
 Yeah.
 So congrats and I never won an alien encounter and I regret it to me.
 I've never done it.
 Were you scared.
 Of course.
 Okay.
 Well Jason did because he's the bravest of the three of us.
 Was it as scary as everyone said.
 Oh yeah.
 It was great.
  Watching other people freak out like once you knew the beats of it then just like oh this is going to really get up like it was.
 You were even getting off of the people's fear.
 Yeah well I just I liked all I liked that was an original thing like it was never anywhere else.
 It was there and the alien was an original.
  It was all new stuff.
 And you were like enjoying people screaming.
 Yeah and it's funny because I don't like like I watch like one horror movie every two years.
 Like I think I joked recently like I saw the Babadook a couple years ago.
 I'll probably get around to it follows this year.
 And like it's similar with books too.
 It's like all right I read The Shining last year and maybe this year I'll try 20th century ghosts or like I really psyched myself up for horror stuff.
 Yeah.
 One of my deep regrets is not  doing alien encounter and I find myself very fascinated with it now and I'll watch like all the videos that are like you know like dedicated to it now and I'll just try to recreate as best I can.
 But it's it's videos of nothing.
 It's videos of darkness.
 There's no way to know unless you went on it.
 I mean like literally like rock like videos that like talk about the development of the attraction.
  Yeah.
 Like you can find them.
 You can see Saren Skippy in full light.
 Yeah and the alien.
 Yeah the alien you can see and the alien is truly terrifying.
 It is like I can't believe they got away with doing something that scary looking like in a magic kingdom.
 I mean they were committed to that.
 Also my favorite part of the whole thing is the fact that Tyra Banks is in the pre-show.
 Oh yeah.
 She's an alien.
 So funny.
 Dubbed over.
 It's not her voice.
 Yeah.
 Dubbed over.
 Not her voice but she's like moving and like lip syncing for her life as it were.
  She was the first to lip sync for her life.
 Drag queen to lip sync for their life.
 Smizing.
 Smizing as an alien.
 Smizing indeed.
 She was like and I remember there's one part where she like is giving direct to camera a dress and then she turns her head and the back of her head is so long.
 Oh it's a great remake.
 She plays that really well right.
 Yeah she's a supermodel baby.
 Oh yeah she knows that.
 One of the best in the biz.
 What am I talking about? Sure.
 Let me let me talk about a terrifying moment in our in our main topic which is  when the tree splits in half.
 It's one of these effects are the cows a little hokey.
 Yeah.
 The tree splitting in half.
 It was also weird.
 It's awfully slow.
 The driving sign is pretty good.
 The driving sign is amazing.
 The tree looks like if you were to take a piece of string cheese and slowly like rip it apart.
 That's what the tree looks like when it's coming down because all the stuff has to go back in ten minutes five minutes.
 Yeah you know what else you can do.
  The flashlight from inside the food stand.
 Yeah.
 That's really good.
 There were people running around I think.
 Some very good Wilhelm screams too.
 Very good like people like screaming in horror.
 Yeah yeah no it was well done overall.
 Can I play a little thing that which is this is from a little like making of a special or something that I found.
 And it's with the sand you'll hear at the beginning is the tree ripping in half but then someone will will come out and explain what's going on.
  I think.
 Wow.
 That was a close one.
 Hi.
 I'm Mike Hightower.
 I'm standing in the middle of twister right now.
 That's that.
 That's that.
 Wow.
 That was amazing.
 Hi.
 Mike Hightower.
 Mike Hightower.
 Mike Hightower not quite the same amount of presence as Tyra but he worked to his own degree.
 I really I I like that a lot and it made my wife laugh and just the way I  knew it would because it's the same the exact same high that Gerald Ford gives when he comes out on the Simpsons when at the end of the year.
 Yeah.
 This sweet Aaron described it as if a marshmallow could talk.
 That's what it would sound like.
 The sweetest high.
 It's so simple.
 Hi.
 So good job Mike.
 Yeah.
  I'm Mike Hightower.
 Not Carl City on the Twitter.
 Yeah.
 No I didn't do good.
 Did you guys come across.
 We talked about the funnel and I watched a video on YouTube that talked about how a one of the universal creative people saw like an exhibit in San Francisco by this artist who like did sculptures of tornadoes and vortexes and stuff and would do installations for museums.
 And I think that's where I first saw this effect of like that sort of funnel that mist funnel.
  And they're like oh well that's how we'll do the Twitter.
 We'll get him to consult on like how to make one of these for Twister.
 And I think they want it really big like bigger than it was.
 And I feel like they lost control.
 They couldn't rely on it.
 And that's why it was kind of like skinny and a little tall but not super tall.
 If you wrote it at a bad time.
 If you experienced it at a bad time it looked lame.
 Yeah.
 I'm I'm so impressed of all of people's different nerddoms that they've brought to this podcast.
  The fact that you know the veracity of the streams of the of the cyclone in this.
 I mean I've done it.
 I've done it prior to being demolished 20 times.
 I think I've done Revenge of the Mummy like over 40 times.
 I'm telling you like yeah.
 Well it never has a line.
  It never has a line.
 And I know it is.
 When it first opened that was like yeah right.
 Right.
 It was a huge deal.
 But now I think like I don't know what it is with that right.
 I always go with those during off times too.
 I'm never going when it's busy.
 But it never has a line and I'm always on Express too and I'm always on it in two seconds.
  Wow.
 But I mean you know I've done all these attractions so many times that I'm like now looking to see just how they work.
 Yeah.
 You know that's what I wanted to do for so long as I wanted to be like behind the scenes with the roller coasters and stuff.
 She couldn't deny she was a performer.
  So when Twister closed did you make a point to go down and go on it one more time.
 It wasn't like that.
 It was just like I knew it wasn't long for the world.
 It just seemed like out of everything that was there like that would be the one to go.
  It's going to be one of these.
 It'll probably be both because I just I.
 Yeah.
 Even now to this day I don't see them doing anything with ET.
 I mean I think it'll stay.
 I think it'll still be there.
  I think it's in luckily it's in an odd enough zone and if it were near more open land maybe it would go.
 I think it's here to stay unless they still got that weird executive producer credit on the park.
 I think he has to die and then things up for grabs.
  As soon as that's the first thing that happens he dies.
 Well I guess the mecha says that I too but back to the future gets remade as soon as he's dead ET gets torn down and ET the movie though gets remade.
 It's like opening up the Prince of all as soon as he's gone.
 How old is that? In 1982 right? The movie? Yeah.
 Wow.
 Fuck.
 That's an old movie.
 Yeah.
 It's not too relevant to kids these days.
 So it is.
 It is in the kids zone technically.
 It's the only piece of history Universal really has.
  It's over 30 years old.
 Yeah so like Disney has all the rides that have been there forever but that's the only ride really that has literally because they're flying too.
 One thing that's interesting to me about Twister is I think it was like the last new thing to open at Universal where it's like oh this is the classic Universal style.
 It's half ride the movie and then half here's how we made the movie.
 Yeah.
  Because there is a lot before the main room of like this is how we did it.
 Yeah no.
 I mean the day we started shooting tornadoes dropped in tornado alley right by us and all that.
 They just don't do that anymore.
 Yeah.
 I mean even like I guess disaster too was the last thing where it was like let's take you behind the scenes and take audience volunteers.
 Sure.
  That was a latter day edition in that genre.
 Also Armageddon and Disney Paris which was intended to be reproduced in the other parks but it wasn't like a big enough hit and by the time they got around to it Disney wasn't spending money in the studios parks so they never really but like it's a it's the same.
  It's the same.
 You go from room to room.
 It's a rooms of peril.
 You an actor from the movie in this case Michael Clarke Duncan talks to you.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Also our IP just like Paxton and the he's dubbed into French.
 So it's a video of Michael who is no longer of this world and the only the only way to experience this video is dubbed.
  Michael Clarke Duncan the fiance of Omarosa Manigault Star Wars.
 I never forget.
 That's right.
 I never knew it.
 He passed away.
 They were engaged to marry at the moment.
 Wait when where was she in her trajectory between the apprentice and the White House.
  White House.
 Why in the Golden Valley between the two peaks of our culture.
 It's a truth.
 Oh my God.
 I'm going to talk about another sort of transitional thing and an important piece of twister story and I think this what I'm about to say is going to blow both of your minds but not Mike's because I told you this a long time ago.
  Do you know where I'm going with this.
 No I can't remember.
 OK.
 I had to look up this was I had to go back into an old email to figure out when I even did this.
 This when I found this this was in 2015 when the podcast was just a just a glimmer in our eyes.
 I didn't really even really know Jason that well.
 So you don't you don't know any of this unless you heard it on the on the source material.
 The Jim Hill podcast Jim Hill is a is a theme park podcast.
 You've you've you said you've checked out.
 I've heard you've checked out.
  I know of Jim Hill.
 Yeah.
 So when the Jimmy Fallon ride opened he did an episode talking about the history of it and the development of it and it's in the space that was twister right it out before.
  And he claims on his podcast that there was the original pitch of the Jimmy Fallon ride was that one morning unannounced guests would walk into Universal Florida and they'd go to the twister attraction.
  But there was the sign the display that you love so much wouldn't be there.
 And in fact it'd be a bed sheet spray painted on it in frat boy style.
 The Jimmy Fallon attraction.
 I'm quoting Jim as much as possible because I'm going off of his details.
  So and then you'd go in and then you go into the queue and it would just be the queue of twister.
 And now you're confused.
 Is this was that a mistake did did a twister blow that bed sheet onto the facade of the ride.
  But no in fact that you go in and you see the familiar two monitors that you know Bill and Helen are going to be on.
 But in the middle a third monitor.
 And when the pre show starts it's the same as you know it but suddenly static.
 Oh hello.
  And then you go in and it's Jimmy Fallon and he's hijacking the famous twister attraction.
 So happy this did not happen.
 Also how the fuck would it happen.
 I don't know.
 There's a couple things going on here.
  For the listeners there's a comedy term called hat on a hat and that's where you have a weird thing in like a sketch or a scene and then you add another weird thing and it feels uneasy because it's like trying to wear two hats at once.
 It just doesn't work.
 It doesn't make sense.
  But if you pull it off.
  Incredible.
  Sure.
 Sure.
 Sure.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 But so according to Jim he'd interrupt and do whatever he was going to do and that Bill and Helen would go what the hell.
 This is our attraction.
 But how would that happen.
 They would have to know this is fake.
  Now and now he's delegitimize for me forever.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's a theory I have but I think it's positive.
 Look I don't want to Jim could listen to this.
 He follows us on Twitter.
 He may that you know I'd like to talk to Jim for a myriad of reasons but I feel like I could spend an hour going through point by point this supposed attraction that he claims was leaked to him by a universal employee.
 But let me let me get to the end of it which is you get it's still.
  Yeah.
 And then but then you get into the final room and just and I'm just going off a pure gym.
 You get into the final room.
 It's still the drive in and everything in the gas station but you see Jimmy taking the effects and props and hammering together this attraction.
 What does that mean a robot of Jimmy a hologram of Jimmy.
  And where's Questlove.
 Where's Questlove and the words.
 He's using his drumsticks to bang the attraction together.
 A lot of money and time and magic and effort and nonsense.
 For what effect for a thing that would communicate to you because you've been on Twister 20 times.
 But Twister is not it's not like the moment in the haunted mansion holiday where the familiar tone and the elevator you know the room starts stretching but it gets taken over hijacked by Jack Skellington.
  This is not that the haunted mansion is iconic and Twister I'm sorry to say is not right.
 And and then it begins.
 Well I'm not then I'm actually not sure what it is.
 When did he post his April 1st.
 Wait a minute.
 It's a classic Hill prank.
 Oh what if I go back and that was the case.
 I'll be truly humiliated.
  This is believable.
 I had for a second.
 I went to the rest of the episode is a prank.
 I'll be so.
 Oh God I'll be upset if you if you look it up and it's an April Fool's Day.
 Can we.
 Now I want to because I know I remember him doing interviews about this when it was being converted.
  Universal creative member and former Disney Imagineer Jason Sorrell did a lot of development I think transitioning into the Fallon ride.
 And I want to double check with him like was this your was this a blue Scott.
  We have a way of finding this out.
 I mean I don't know him but I'm saying if we get a chance if we can email if we could if you give it an email address if we get him on the show ever.
 I mean this is question number one.
 We know you worked on Spider-Man and you worked on all these amazing rides.
  Question about the Jimmy Fallon takes over twister.
 I just want to know if this was what does it mean.
 It's possible that someone in a break room was talking about this as like as a joke.
 But there's no way this was actually pitched and said to have this literally no way.
  I have I have one more step of it.
 And this here's really where actual as Jim himself says you were you listen to this in 2015.
 Yeah I believe so.
 Yeah.
  What are the right open doing in 2016.
 Yeah I'm not totally sure.
 Sounds right.
 Same as Volcano Bay right.
 Didn't it open at Volcano Bay open last year.
 2017.
 Maybe 2017.
 Maybe it was 2017.
  The final claim in here is that he says that oh my god I can't that anyone would buy this for a second every night while taping the Tonight Show every night.
 I've heard this as well.
 Jimmy would go live and do talk to only the audience in the twister.
  This is the most garbage rumor.
 Look and I get so we get so much info from Jim and a lot of a lot of fun listening to Jim.
 But if you believed this notion for a second maybe Jim heard this info on April 1st.
 Maybe that's what happened.
  Yeah maybe.
 Oh and final step of this he would an example of what he might say to the audience on broadcast television on NBC he would say who's in my attraction.
 Are you enjoying it.
 Say yes.
 Don't make me throw a cow at you.
  Like why would he have to do that every day.
 How many more he has to every how many tonight shows have there been with him 3000.
 Yeah he would talk to the twister audience and make jokes about cows and Dorothy's every single night.
 I doubt it.
 Well I do too.
 We got to get Jim on.
 Jim got to have this room or give us a name.
  To do.
 Yeah Jim reveal your sources Jim.
 We need the source.
 We need the sources.
 OK.
 You bad.
 It throws a lot of other potential stories into question.
 I know maybe doesn't need to be on the show if he comes much like men tells us a bunch of fun rumors before the show.
  That's great.
 That's fine.
 Yeah I think everything I said is going to be true.
 I think you very well and you know nothing is just Jim supposed many decades theme park insider really want to go up against you Matt.
 Well listen I wouldn't want to challenge him in his like  life's work arena.
 How embarrassing for him would that be.
 I'm excited for FX's feud Matt versus Jim and Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lang play us.
 Yeah.
 Who's me.
 I probably probably Jessica.
 Yeah I think so.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I'm sorry.
 Jim all the way.
 So I think I mentioned to this before the show and you said to save it to go all the way back to the beginning of the twister ride the queue before you even enter the building.
  And Scott you didn't know about the fake radio station that plays in the queue.
 Oh yeah.
 One W.
N.
D.
Y.
 W.
N.
D.
Y.
 W.
N.
D.
Y.
 hosted by Mike and Jessica the storm chasers of rock and roll.
 Yes I remember that.
 Oh my gosh.
 It's got like some fake rock music or some old honky tonk music and they're like shock jocks but they keep throwing to meteorologists because there are actual tornadoes happening.
  Yeah.
 And despite the fact that their name or storm chasers of rock and roll Jessica says at one point something along the lines of wait so these people drive towards the storm like she does not understand the storm chamber.
  And it's there you know you never hear from the the staff of 91.
1 W.
N.
D.
Y.
 again in the rest of the ride but it is a very confused and it also it didn't seem like it had that long of a loop.
  And so you know if you were there in that outdoor line at the height of the summer you probably heard the storm chaser thing and then at the very end of that at the ride and when you're waiting to go in the door that's when you hear Bill Paxton do the classic.
  Yep.
 Expecting mothers.
 Thank you for experiencing Twister.
 And he says I'm Bill Paxton.
 He says Bill Paxton again.
 He says his name.
 I'm Bill Paxton.
 Enjoy your day.
 He says well it's kind of like what we say but it's a little off.
 He says I'm Bill Paxton.
 Thank you for surviving Twister.
  Oh yeah.
 Surviving Twister.
 I miss that too.
 I miss everything about it to be honest with you.
 So do you have anything else before we get to our our wrap up segment? Oh the director of the ride.
 The director of the footage of the ride.
 Oh who is that?  Why it's Cecil D.
 Magpoury.
 A man who directed multiple 3D movies.
 You know 3D movies that you probably likely shown at in Philadelphia.
 We had the Franklin Institute like science museums and stuff.
  Also this was his first like big thing directed the footage for the rides for the Avengers ride, the Hulk ride, the Adventure Time ride and the Gumball ride at the United Arab Emirates Park IMG Worlds of Adventure which I think we talked about before.
  He directed all of those and those are I think we said are all screens.
 So this is a titan of theme park screen based rides basically what you're saying.
 Yes.
 A titan in the United Arab Emirates.
 Sure.
  And also like I think those were his main other theme park things.
 I just hope the DJs from WNDY have found work elsewhere in the crowded radio game.
 Probably just got serious.
 But now they're unted like Stern.
 They have a podcast now.
 WNDY uncensored.
  Yeah podcast won.
 They picked it.
 They got there with Stone Cold.
 All the professional wrestlers.
 All the professional wrestlers.
 All the cast.
 Yeah.
 So yeah to wrap up we always we judge the ride now of course we say would we want this ride to be kept perfectly as if it were still around and exactly how it was when it was over.
  Would you want it to be perfectly the same.
 Do you have any ideas to plus it up or I know you're not going to say this but would you want to burn it down in a mysterious fire for insurance money.
  Yeah no not the latter.
 I would say it'd be very interesting to see what they would do with something like this now.
 Obviously they moved on from this kind of attraction though I do wonder what it could be like with budget with the budget they could provide it now like what they could do with the right exactly the same like what kind of a real kind of twister they could make.
 I would hope that they would just slap 3D goggles on all of us and like make us watch the screen and then have like it be a VR situation.
 I really like the practical effects but yeah I would I would  like to say I would like to see a heightened obviously it will never come back but you know part of me does wish it was still there but especially because it wasn't improved on in my opinion.
 Yeah I don't care about the Jimmy Fallon ride.
 I don't think it's that good.
 I think it's literally the Simpsons.
  And it's you know that's Mike's thing is it's universal trickery smells a lot of the same tricks and also you know it's just so obviously we have this IP and we're going to do it.
 I really don't like the attraction and so I wish it was the same.
 But yeah that's my vote.
 I would say if it were my decision tear down the Jimmy Fallon attraction and put twister back.
 What a day.
 How good would you feel if you went the next time you went?  The next time you went there it was going in reverse.
 It was all a dream.
 Yeah I feel freaking fantastic.
 They were tearing down the word Comcast from the top.
 That's one of the funniest things about that ride like Comcast and NBC just like the names of the parent companies.
 I went on it with actually a girl who writes at SNL and it was like so weird because she was seeing a reconstructed.
 Where's she? 30 Rock.
 And it was like oh my gosh I think she liked it but it was just very weird.
 I was like  you walk past this all the time in New York.
 It's like such a famous iconic New York thing and I guess in that way it does fit in finally in the New York section of the park.
 That is true.
 Yeah because there was just Oklahoma in the middle of nowhere.
 Right.
 But you know  I prefer Twister.
 Yeah I mean my thing is like if it was still there I feel like there's a lot of the tricks you've seen in all these different stunt shows.
 You've seen this in Lights, Motor, Action or you know you've seen very similar fire effects all the whatever.
 I feel like it would have been better if it was mostly like in Aunt Meg's house.
 I feel like if you could just strap yourself in with that leather belt like make the chairs look like they're pipes connected to leather belts somehow.
 I don't know how they would do it.
  Seat belt.
 That's the seat belt.
 And then maybe the house kind of goes on like a fun Wizard of Oz style ride and in the background we see all the fun movie theater and the cow and stuff and use practical effects but then you get a little bit more of like an intense experience.
 That's my plus it up idea.
 That's blue skying of course.
 We know that this is never happening.
 That is blue skying moment.
  I just want Bill Paxton to just tell the history of Aunt Meg's house.
 The foundation was laid in 1936.
 Aunt Meg's great grandmothers.
 The fact that Thou  Briggs aren't seeing him perform every day is a loss.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Watch it on YouTube instead.
 You just want a longer Paxton intro video.
 It's already like nine minutes long and now you want another 10 minutes.
 Yeah and I don't want it to be about storms and stuff.
 I just want dry information.
 Does that end up being my plus it up? I guess it does.
 Yeah that would be great.
  I mean, though really what mine is, you know, it's obviously get Jimmy in there.
 Oh yeah.
 Don't make him throw a count on me.
 I want the mid.
 Then we're both happy right? I guess.
 You still get twister but I get Fallon simulcasting from New York every night.
 Jason what do you think? I think you know a big loss that we haven't mentioned is the fact that we're not able to get the  right.
 I get Fallon simulcasting from New York every night.
 Jason what do you think? I think you know a big loss that we haven't mentioned is that when this ride closed and then a short while later back draft closed or no I guess it was the other way around.
 Back draft closed first this closed next.
 We lost that ride style of like you know the standing auditorium with the drop and you're watching special effects and you know Matt this isn't a classic yet but I think it's on track to be  a modern classic.
 I think we rebuild that kind of twister standing auditorium and we put in a new themed attraction.
 They are themed after what is sure to be the hit of the summer.
 I think we all know what I'm talking about.
 I'm talking the Meg baby.
 I'm talking you're standing on those platforms.
 You're surrounded 360.
 You're in that underground water tube.
 This is going to be a hit with the audiences in Asia because the movie  is clearly shot for a Chinese audience as well as an American audience due to all the landmarks.
 I think you're getting a tour of the sea lab and then the Meg shows up.
 I kind of love it.
 It's good.
 I mean we have to all agree it's good.
 It's good.
 It's good.
 I mean stay them like when we first encountered that I can't really do a British accent.
 But stay them if we can get stay them into the  Paxton.
 We can get stay them.
 We can get in a Paxton like role.
 They call the Meg the finger of God.
 I call a lot of stuff finger of God.
 I don't know about you.
 Pancakes I had this morning fingers of God.
 When I saw the movie I got confused that it was an Aunt Meg spin off movie.
 We needed that.
 Lois Smith has been 70 for 30 years.
 She's still around.
 She's still around.
 Yeah.
 Let's get that Aunt Meg movie.
 She was in true blood.
 She looked the same.
  She's great.
 She's wonderful actress.
 All right.
 Well Matt Rudders you've survived podcast The Ride.
 God bless you.
 What a thrill it was.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for surviving podcast The Ride.
 Wow.
 My god.
 My Carlson.
 Jason Sheridan.
 Scott Kutter.
 Do you have anything to plug? Do you have any more rumors for us on your way out? Do I have any more rumors? You know what? You'd have to come to listen to my podcast to hear the rest of my shit.
 That's a good transition.
 That's called Lost Coat Reasons on the Forever Dog Podcast Network.
 I co-host it with  my good friend Bone Yang and we have a very nice time.
 Hey.
 Great.
 Yeah.
 You've told some Disney stories on there too.
 Oh yeah.
 There was a period of time where I was like talking about it every episode and people were like this is a lot about that.
  I was like oh okay.
 Whoops.
 Come do it here anytime you want.
 Please.
 Every time in town I'm swinging back and.
 Oh please do.
 Yes.
 Open invitation.
 Yeah.
 Swinging back.
 Maybe that means I'll come talk about Spider-Man.
 Oh yeah.
 It hasn't been done.
 It hasn't been done.
 It hasn't been done.
 You can claim it now.
 And if you have the rumors of the new Spider-Man ride possibly coming in a few years.
 Seriously? Yeah.
 We can talk about it off air.
 Wow.
 I mean we can talk about it on air.
 Honestly the universal Disney switch over of the Marvel stuff is something I'm fascinated by.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It seems great.
 It's cool.
  It's wild.
 We'll see.
 Yeah.
 And as far as us you know you can follow podcasts throughout on Twitter, on Instagram.
 We have a Facebook group.
 Rate and review us on iTunes or Apple podcast.
 Whatever.
 I never remember what it's called.
 Jump on there and call us the podcast of God.
 Yeah.
 And also oh and thank you for creating Scott's new nickname.
 No Launch Queen.
 No Launch Queen.
 I love that.
 That is good.
 That'll be a shirt probably.
 I guess a hashtag of such.
  Appears.
 But you know it's on me to shake loose.
 Oh yeah.
 No Launch Queen.
 You can get rid of it.
 I'm the hashtag No Launch Queen.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Well this is fair.
 I will be draped with this label like a scarlet A.
 Yeah.
 Call No Launch Queen the hashtag of God.
 And at a certain point you start to think it's got a mind of its own.
 You gotta shake it loose.
 There's only one way.
 You gotta launch.
 Go on a launch ride.
 I'm Bill Paxton.
 Thank you for listening.
 Bye bye.
