 Forever.
  Dog.
  Podcast The Ride presents, The City Walk Saga.
  A daily, 19 part, extremely necessary series exploring the stores, restaurants, and wonderful magic that make up universal city walk Hollywood.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The City Walk Saga.
  Today, Sector 5, here as always, Mike Carlson.
  Hi, yes, Sector 5, I'm excited, I'm refreshed, I'm ready to go, ready to talk about a very interesting parking experience I had.
  Oh, all right.
 And Scott Gartner here too.
  Let's start talking, we don't have to do this at the pace of the other ones.
  Okay, all right, all right.
 And then this week we're joined once again checking in with the Sector Keeper.
  Oh yeah, here he is.
  He's here.
  Boys, boys.
  Hello Keeper.
  It's good to see you.
  Good to see you.
  You give me strength.
  How do you feel that, are you feeling stronger? Do you feel like the journey is proceeding according to plan this far?  Yes, yes, the more Sector Stones you take in, the stronger I become.
  We have four so far.
  You have four.
  Yeah.
  Excellent, thank you.
  Well, and we've collected some other stuff too, and guess what Sector Keeper, you're going to be joining us.
  We got you a gift.
  My mother?  No, no, no, no, no.
  No, your mother, well we still have a track to show down.
  We're not supernatural, we can't pull strings like that, but.
  Please find her.
  Sector Keeper, on the last episode I went to the hot topic, of course you know it, because for those of you who are tuning in, Sector Keeper is sort of an omnipotent being that watches over City Walk and that keeps the sectors in order.
  And who's a baby who died in the fountain, not a baby, but a young child who went to a limbo state due to being poisoned by the dancing fountain.
  I'm permanently this many.
  Yes, of course.
  He's holding up fingers, but he keeps putting some down, so it's not clear.
  It was a staph infection that did you in that Abercrombie and Fitch fountain.
  Right, and when we of course talk about all 19 sectors of City Walk you will finally be able to experience pop culture that has been missing from your life, Sector Keeper's life for so long.
  You'll find out about Saliva, the Josie Scott's band, the guy sang a song, Hero, who's in the first Spider-Man movie.
  It was like if they say that a hero can save us.
  It's a nice song.
  Not gonna stand here and wait.
  Oh that is nice.
  If you like us just not even practicing, wait till you hear the real guys Chad and Josie do it.
  Excellent.
  So anyway, last episode I went to the Hot Topic and they have a wonderful sales section and there was a two for two, buy two get two free.
  And I bought us all blind bag Ready Player One keychain toys.
  So we've all opened ours.
  Ready Player.
  Oh, that's a good point.
  It was a book, it was a bestselling book and that was a movie made by Steven Spielberg.
  And it has all these characters like the Iron Giant.
  You don't know that either.
  Chun Li from Street Fighter.
  Chun Li, yes.
  She's in it.
  That's from your time.
  Excellent.
  So basically we've opened ours.
  I'll give you yours and you can open it now.
  We'll refresh which characters we have of course.
  I have 101 Avatar Soldier.
  And I have Soto.
  Wait, wait, wait, Soto.
  What?  You called him Soto.
  I heard an H.
  Oh, OK, sorry.
  Yeah, Soto.
  Sorry.
  And you're so much bag crinkling.
  I'm very sorry.
  There isn't.
  Oh, Sector Keeper.
  They're hard to open.
  In the future is the perforation.
  Yeah, these are like really sealed.
  These are like.
  Sector Keeper, I would think.
  Maybe you should.
  I would think that the Sector Keeper has some sort of power to be able to open a bag.
  Guys, don't blame him.
  His hands are disappearing.
  Careful with you.
  Like put him back to the future.
  Oh, he's Sector Keeper going for his car keys.
  Which I didn't know the Sector Keeper even had a car.
  They're my keys to my job.
  Oh, you have a job?  Wait, wait, you have a job?  Yes, I check people in and out of purgatory.
  Oh no, what a depressing job.
  That's why you haven't been on every episode because you're having to go to your job sometimes.
  I'm working overtime.
  Oh gosh, it gets sadder and sadder.
  I'm picking up extra shifts.
  Oh, it's open.
  It's open.
  OK, I have.
  What care?  It says on the back Sector Keeper.
  He's a Parzival.
  You got Parzival.
  Oh, I got Parzival.
  That's the main character who goes into the Oasis and ends up finding the Easter egg.
  Well, he's the hero, just like you, City.
  Just like you.
  Sector Keeper.
  I once said CityWalk.
  Just like you.
  Well, you are CityWalk.
  Well, in a way I am the personification.
  Toss me that Parzival, baby.
  Sure.
  Well, he looks real sickly.
  Much like you, Sector Keeper.
  He does.
  Oh yeah, you're going to get as pale as Parzival if we don't save your soul soon enough.
  And he's got what I think is a sword on the back of his jacket, but it looks like a Christian cross.
  Hey, alright.
  Oh yeah.
  That's pretty good.
  I'm Presbyterian.
  Oh really?  Oh wow.
  I was a child.
  Thank you.
  Both practicing still, you and?  Not really.
  No, not really.
  Religion's not allowed in Purgatory.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, that makes sense, actually.
  Well, now all you follow, your religion is the way of the Sector, and we need you to  enlighten us about what today's sectors are.
  Boys, boys, come close.
  Yes.
  Come close.
  You don't need to whisper it, but go ahead.
  Today's Sector is Sector 5.
  Sparkies, Johnny Rockets, and Jamba Juice, formerly known as Radio Station Restaurant.
  Ah, that may have been a typo in the Sector Seeing Stones.
  Radio Station Restaurant was not in the Jamba Juice, it was where the Johnny Rockets is now.
  I don't want to go out of order necessarily.
  I'm going to go to hell.
  Oh shoot.
  Oh no, it's okay.
  Here, we'll do it the correct way.
  Our Presbyterian God I hear about on Christmas and Easter is going to make everything okay.
  Okay.
  All right.
  So it was Sparkies?  Yeah, okay, let's go in order.
  Sparkies is the first one.
  Sparkies is a store with an adorable little boy like yourself on the sign.
  My best friend growing up.
  Oh, you knew Sparky?  Mm-hmm.
  Wow.
  He must have had a real sweet tooth even back then.
  Yes.
  He loves his donuts.
  He has like a kind of a beanie, like a Jughead style beanie on his hat.
  Or that's his hat, excuse me.
  Yeah, he's got a little hat.
  Okay.
  It's like a beanie though, right?  Yeah.
  Everyone's looking at me like I'm crazy.
  I just learned that Jughead, that the Jughead, like whenever Archie Comics started that the  crown was like a thing people did.
  Gomer Pile also had a cl-  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Well isn't it supposed to be like when the British celebrate Christmas, the little paper  crowns and poppers?  Is that right?  Is that right?  I just thought it was like a beatnik thing.
  What?  Yeah, I think it might be.
  I think it's like Street Cooke's or something.
  No.
  Well, I think Archie started earlier than the beatniks did.
  Maybe.
  I mean, I don't know the history of Archie Comics.
  I think it's bullshit.
  Here's the thing.
  If anyone knows all about being Jughead, it's you.
  Oh, well, yeah.
  And so I don't even want to talk about the sexy Jughead on the TV show.
  Yeah.
  I mean, he's very handsome, glad.
  But that beanie, yeah, he's got a beanie crown?  I don't understand it.
  The point is, this is the first store I've written down nothing about.
  So you guys will have to take it from here.
  All right.
  Well, I will take it from here because I was at Sparky's today.
  Sparky's is like kind of advertised as just like little donuts.
  But then there's like this kind of fancy candy store.
  That candy store kind of boned me out.
  All right, go ahead.
  Well, I.
.
.
  So here's the thing about Sparky's.
  Sparky's seems to be, in my mind, doubly redundant because now there is Voodoo Donuts, which  kind of cancels out like the little Sparky's donuts.
  They have like plain donuts.
  And these little plain fried donuts.
  And I was like, oh, maybe I can get.
.
.
  It seemed like the smallest option they had was half a dozen mini donuts for like 8.
50.
  And I am a man of principle and I love my donuts, but I'm like, no, no, no, nice try,  Sparky's.
  And this is a thing that comes up for me sometimes at CityWalk, which is living in the area.
  I know a mile down the road, there is a donut shop, multiple donut shops where 8.
50 gets  you a full dozen full-sized donuts.
  So in principle, you could not bring yourself to buy a bucket of Sparky's donuts because  you knew how many donut establishments were nearby.
  Well, and I had a lot of sugar already today, so I didn't want to crash too hard.
  So yeah.
  But then all the candy stuff, they have a lot of the same stuff that it sugar has down  the way.
  Yes.
  Now, Sparky's, I think is the only place at CityWalk that has like a chocolate case, like  has a traditional confectionary case.
  So I guess that's why it's still hanging on.
  And that stuff all looked good and fresh.
  So let me say this.
  This one likes treats.
  You got my ticket sector, Gever.
  He's pointing at Jason.
  He understands.
  Yes.
  So I also, we all like treats, but Jason might be the biggest treat liker of all.
  But because I'm a theme park journalist, I felt that I had to try some of the treats.
  So I got three treats from the case, from the chocolate case.
  I got a little salted caramel.
  I got a sugar-free peanut butter cup, which I didn't know was sugar-free until she said,  oh, it's sugar-free.
  Is that, are you sure?  And I went, oh yeah, of course.
  And then I went, why did I say yes?  And then I got a homemade Twix, which is the one that fascinated me the most.
  Cause I love Twix.
  Do we all, what do we feel about Twix?  I'm up there with this one.
  That's one of the best.
  One of the best.
  Yeah, of course.
  So I said, homemade Twix, this is going to be delicious.
  This is going to be like Twix, but with better ingredients.
  So I had the peanut butter cup fine, salted caramel fine, homemade Twix.
  I bit into it and I was like, this sucks.
  This is bad.
  Why?  Like I craved a regular Twix.
  It was just like they shoved a cookie inside a chocolate shell.
  Like it wasn't even, there was a little caramel in there, but it felt like a totally different  thing.
  Branding at Twix is insane.
  It's crazy.
  Why would you compare it to a better candy?  Just call it something else.
  And maybe I wouldn't have had the expectation in my head that this thing was going to taste  like a homemade Twix or something.
  Something that's going to be, you know, the thing I like, but better because it's home,  quote unquote, homemade.
  And I was very disappointed by it.
  What was the size?  It was about this.
  I would say like six, five inches.
  So just one of them.
  I just had one Twix.
  What do you mean?  Just one.
  They don't sell them in pair.
  I feel like the pairing of Twix is vital unless you're talking Twix ice cream bars.
  You think that I should have had two Twix?  No, I don't think you know, I, you, it shouldn't be your responsibility.
  It should be the shop's responsibility.
  They should be selling you two little strips.
  Pair the homemade.
  Forcibly.
  I'm glad that they didn't do this because I was disappointed.
  And yeah, it was a real bummer because I'm very excited about it.
  I was like, Oh, I'm going to find my new favorite treat at Sparky's because I'll be honest,  this was the first time I stepped foot inside that Sparky's.
  I'm an It's Sugar man and we'll get to that later.
  That's my favorite candy store at City Walk.
  I go there.
  Oh yeah.
  Of the seven.
  And then let's be honest, at Sugar, a lot sexier than Sparky's.
  Okay.
  Sparky's has this sort of like fancy-ish, but also childlike thing.
  Well, it's, yeah, it's got the little Sparky guy up front who, look, he seems like a nice  enough guy, Sector Keeper.
  No, he's bad.
  Oh, he's bad.
  Okay.
  Well then to hell with him.
  But inside, I don't know, it just kind of bugged me out.
  You know what else they had?  They had a bunch of the glass soda bottles.
  I talked about this before.
  Places at City Walk selling glass drinks that you can't take into the parks.
  This came up with Mini Monster.
  The other thing that bugged me, they have that weird bottled off-brand Butterbeer.
  The one that looks like Harry Potter, like logo and design and stuff, but he's like just  different enough to get by.
  That's crazy to me that they're selling that at multiple locations at City Walk.
  Sparky's is bad.
  Sparky.
  Sparky took my place in heaven.
  Wait, what?  He's why you can't be there?  Yes.
  In addition to you, okay, so you got sick and then there was a choice which way you  would go.
  Yes.
  But he had already taken this.
  There was a little boy shaped spot and he took it.
  So also he's-  And he created a bad candy store.
  Huh.
  So let me ask you this.
  Did he take your place?  Would you have been the little boy on the front of this candy store if it weren't for  him?  Ideally.
  Oh man.
  Secties.
  So, so if we, do you think maybe there's a chance that if we complete our 19 sector mission,  the Sparky will float off the front and Secty, is that, did we, did we reveal your first  name yet?  I don't even think we've talked about that.
  I can't remember.
  He doesn't remember what it was.
  I don't know if I wanted to say that.
  He now is the sector keeper for all time.
  But I can promise you that if you complete your missions, I will not only not go to hell,  but Sparky will file for chapter 11.
  Oh wow.
  So we'll put him out of business at least.
  Yes.
  It's not like you'll replace it.
  It'll just be like people will be out of a job and he won't actually be a celebrated  little boy anymore.
  And then they'll be, and then in the display case will be a new kind of candy, non-homemade  Twix, which will just be a regular Twix bar, but that, but non-homemade is written in marker  and you have to buy two.
  Yeah.
  You're forced to buy two.
  Well, no, you shouldn't be forced to buy two.
  Look, they should, whatever the size, you said forced to buy two.
  They should be packaging two.
  That's forced to buy two.
  But no, it should be the same price or they should just cut the one you had in half and  they're next to each other.
  They're sort of combined with job.
  That doesn't make sense either.
  When you buy a Twix at a store, there's a minimum two, unless you're talking fun size  Twix.
  Yeah.
  I understand the concept here.
  Am I crazy?  Boys, boys, please.
  I'm sorry, sector keeper.
  I fear you.
  I fear you want to accomplish your mission.
  All right.
  Okay.
  I have a few more Sparky Stots and we can get on to the.
.
.
  Sorry.
  Look, okay.
  Why are there so many goddamn chocolate eggs in Sparky's?  There are the Guinness eggs, like chocolate eggs.
  There's a lot of like booze candy.
  Oh yeah, there's a lot of booze candy.
  Booze likes that.
  There's a whole bunch of generic salt water taffy.
  There's more eggs here.
  There's like the after eight, like dark chocolate mint egg.
  It's a giant egg.
  Who would want to eat a giant mint egg?  Who's you for?  Like you wanted to have a giant cotton candy yesterday.
  But that's a normal size cotton candy.
  This is fancy trash.
  Yeah, but on top of a drink.
.
.
  This is fancy trash.
  But I don't know your logic, but like if you.
.
.
  I might buy you a chocolate egg and think you might like that.
  Why not an egg?  No, I would hate that.
  A giant egg with chocolate?  That's too much.
  Cotton candy is light and airy.
  Whoa, if it's Easter time.
  There's things that are too much, proudly while ordering, but then after the fact complaining.
  There's a box that just said Hollywood on it.
  Yeah, okay.
  So that's the last thing I have to say about Sparkies is that there are a number of different  chocolate boxes that are just.
.
.
  Clearly gift boxes.
  Postcards from Los Angeles.
  So like this is just, I don't know, maybe Malibu will post this obviously on Twitter.
  And then this one says like, discover Los Angeles.
  So it's like you're going to gift somebody some chocolate, but it's going to be an ad  for tourism.
  Also, is that a picture of downtown as the sun is setting?  Yes.
  It looks like a shot right before the heist or right before the purge starts.
  It's not even a nice picture of downtown LA.
  It looks like a picture that would be the front of a movie, like a shot from the start  of a movie.
  Like the to live and die in LA poster.
  Yeah, like 2041, Los Angeles.
  Los Angeles has gone to hell.
  In a nuclear glow, a warm orange nuclear glow bathes the city.
  So there is a strange amount of like Los Angeles propaganda in the store.
  Also redundant until very recently there was Upstart Crow, which is full of that stuff.
  So donuts covered elsewhere, coffee covered elsewhere, candy covered elsewhere, Los Angeles  crap covered elsewhere, covered everywhere, everywhere.
  And cute little boys covered or sent away into the bowels of purgatory.
  A Faustian store only exists because of a bargain.
  Well, you can feel it in there.
  It's redundant.
  It's pointless.
  Feel the Faustinas.
  I will call.
  It didn't smell good.
  It didn't even smell.
  I agree with you.
  It didn't smell good.
  I will.
  Let's let's write here on episode five.
  Let's call for this thing to be shut down.
  That's what we want, I think, for sure.
  I mean, we're going to be working for the workers.
  Give a new employment.
  I don't think so, actually.
  You think they are punishing the workers for working at this store.
  That's the way I feel.
  No severance.
  No severance.
  No way.
  Not even like the left of a candy.
  No, I think that should all go to Jason.
  They're just following orders from a very demented little boy.
  They shouldn't be punished for this.
  I don't like it.
  I don't like it one bit.
  So Sparky's thumbs down.
  Oh, no, no, no.
  All right.
  Jamba Juice.
  Boys, please move on.
  Jamba Juice next.
  Can we you want to start coughing immediately?  Can we just skip to it already?  I was nothing.
  It's nothing.
  It's a Jamba Juice.
  It is a Jamba Juice.
  I got thoughts on Jamba Juice.
  Mike was really into Jamba Juice a few years ago.
  Well, I was I was into Jamba Juice because they had a secret menu.
  This is one of the first places I ever heard of a secret menu.
  And I thought this was really cool.
  This is also the part of the part of my life when I was a fucking idiot and thought that  Jamba Juice was healthy.
  They pulled the wool over a lot of people.
  Yeah.
  So you'd be like, this tastes delicious, but it's also good for you.
  And it's like, it's not.
  It's just a bunch of sugar.
  And even you shouldn't be having that much fruit because fruit is full of sugar.
  It's good sugar.
  But still, you're still going to crash.
  You're still going to crash.
  And they have like they had like a fruity pebble one and like a red gummy.
  You get your order off the secret menu.
  Just get a box of fruity pebbles.
  Why are you parsing out the fruity pebbles?  Because it's fun to order secret stuff.
  I just usually always got a green thing there.
  Like a green thing or a chocolate thing.
  The green thing fooled me for years, too, because you'd go like you'd get a green thing  from Jamba Juice and you'd be like, this tastes delicious.
  And it would be like apples.
  And then it would be like a bunch of sugar, bananas, strawberries.
  And it would just be a bunch of regular food.
  And they would fool you by making the thing green.
  I.
 Yeah, it does feel like a trick at CityWalk.
  It's like, oh, something healthy up here.
  Yes.
  I mean, I guess it's the closest thing to.
  It's probably the closest thing.
  Arguably the healthiest.
  Yeah.
  And I will give Jamba Juice credit.
  They now finally have some things on the menu that are kind of healthy.
  That has kale as the first ingredient and that you can get like real carrot juice or  some real actual vegetable juice.
  I mean, I would just load up whatever.
  I used to use it.
  I used to be one by an old job and I would go like as a lunch replacement.
  Sure.
  You can get like the protein boost.
  Of course.
  Soy protein or whey?  I don't think I ever really noticed a difference.
  I think I always just defaulted the whey because it's cheaper.
  I don't know what you're talking about.
  We're talking about the stores.
  I have 15 more minutes.
  OK.
  All right.
  So Jamba Juice.
  That's all I really had to say about Jamba Juice.
  We got to keep the sector keeper around.
  All right.
  All the Johnny Rockets.
  Boys, are you still there?  We're still here.
  Oh, God.
  It's like transparent.
  So this Johnny Rockets recently redone in a very sparse modernist style.
  Yes.
  What's a number?  So this is a couple observations I've noticed in our many joints up to City Walk recently.
  One, a lot of the places that have been there for a while and seem like they're going to  stick around for a little while have kind of redone to like take away the more kitschier,  louder style and more like sort of a minimalist style.
  Yes.
  And certainly this Johnny Rockets has done that, which is also odd because it is a Johnny  Rockets doesn't often update its look past the idealized 1950s version of a diner.
  A lot of them update their look by closing forever.
  That's true.
  It's considered an update.
  You do lose a little bit of that like trashy mall Johnny Rockets.
  Yeah.
  They've redone it.
  So like you're missing some of the fun of being in a terrible place.
  But I will say this.
  I ate there today.
  I had a hot dog from Johnny Rockets.
  Pretty good.
  Usually.
  All of this today?  And yes, I did.
  And I had a nice beer.
  And I'll tell you what, I loved it.
  They have a nice open area, which I think they kind of did before, but now it's a little  more open air.
  Yeah.
  I'm not alone.
  Great shakes.
  Great.
  I've heard the shakes are good.
  Did you have a shake?  No, I've had one before.
  I'll tell you this.
  My main memory of Johnny Rockets is I once went there and was served a very wet burger.
  I was like, I came right from the kitchen.
  I'm like, why is this so wet?  And then I went to open the.
.
.
  This is going to sound like I'm making this up.
  I went to open the ketchup bottle.
  Fries.
  I opened it.
  And then a bunch of water came out.
  And I swear, I'm laughing, but this happened.
  I'm like, how did you even.
.
.
  I haven't even tipped it.
  It's still upright.
  Where was all this?  Why was this water inside the cap?  So I've had some very wet dining experiences.
  Like everything tasted fine.
  You walked in and they rounded up all the employees.
  Like, look at this guy.
  We should probably all spit.
  Hey boys, wet it up.
  I don't know.
  I feel like that.
.
.
  Oh, sorry.
  I was going to say, I feel like that you could tell, but this, it felt like they're like,  all right, just dump a glass of water on that.
  Send it out.
  And did you send it back or.
.
.
?  I know.
  I just kind of took it out of the wrapping.
  I feel like it was probably sitting there for a while and it was just condensation.
  Well it's Universal Studios and they love getting you wet.
  That's true.
  Just keeping with the studios.
  They wheel the burger past all the way from the park and it gets hit with all the different  things.
  Water world water.
  Water world water.
  It's good.
  Yeah.
  The rest of the water world splash zone, it gets those Dilophosaurus on the tour spit  in them.
  The T 1000 used to, the T 1 million used to explode all over the burgers.
  T 2.
  The tram.
  Yep.
  Yeah.
  The tram.
  They'd have to get a hamburger on the tram.
  Yeah.
  They'd have to give it a seat.
  That's why it took so long.
  Something I noticed being up there in the morning again, there were just so many people  in business casual with Universal ID badges or land.
  Just people clearly going from office building to office building or taking, eating lunch  together or doing a lunch meeting.
  And there is, I mean, I remember when I was like an intern on the back lot, you did get  a decent discount at City Walk and it's kind of a pain in the ass to leave and get back  to City Walk.
  So you're telling me, I think it was a pretty decent discount, but from tour Plaza, you  get all the way through security, get scanned and everything, make it all the way up to  City Food and get your, like what was in the food court?  I'd get a Rubio's at the time.
  Yeah.
  I'd get a Rubio's Panda Express maybe, but that blows your entire 45 minute lunch period  and you might get called out on tram three, tour three for the day right when you get  back.
  Well, that's true.
  You've got food sitting cold.
  But the people working directly above City Walk and the offices above City Walk, they  just take the elevator right down, walk right out.
  Maybe they go to City Loft for some little quiet time away from the office.
  Again, a thing I witnessed, like someone quietly read in a Kindle, read their lunch.
  I've written up there.
  I have written scripts.
  I thought about that when I was up there today.
  Like, wow, this would be a great place to just write a little.
  Nobody's in the City Food to City Loft transitional area and we're crossing the different sectors.
  I apologize.
  It's okay.
  I'm enjoying it.
  It's on topic.
  But yeah, aspiring screenwriters.
  Oh, now we're going to get the word out and it'll be flooded with people with laptops  and typewriters.
  Can you pick up the Xfinity Wi-Fi?  Or is that just within park limits?  You got to use your own hotspot, I think.
  I think you're stuck with that.
  I will.
  I've never written a script at City Walk, but I also have thought about it.
  Yep.
  There's a fantasy of working at theme parks.
  Yeah.
  I mean, we've casually gone to these places, but I really should finish a movie, writing  a movie up there.
  I've done a lot of good times.
  I've been to Disneyland by myself with a little notepad and written down little blurbs and  ideas that turned into the Hollywood magic later.
  It turned into things that over 30 people have seen.
  Wow.
  So get the magic, right?  And get the theme park magic.
  Branded content?  Hold on.
  Wait a minute.
  You know about branded content?  I don't know.
  I took a guess.
  Oh, do you just hear the people going from the office buildings?  You hear them talking about branded content or quadrants?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Quadrants and vertical.
  And if you're an actor at Universal Studios, then the mother of all jackpots is to be in  some branded content.
  Yeah.
  We've all done it.
  The other thing I've observed recently is that there used to be an entrance.
  If you worked on the lot, the Universal lot, you could walk into City Walk.
  And that has since been closed because some writers from certain shows were walking through  and being a little too rowdy, walking back from City Walk, Margaritaville.
  Too rowdy?  Really?  Yes.
  By the City Walk, by the Margaritaville specifically?  Because I saw Walters Gate is still there.
  It would be on the north side of City Walk.
  Do we have names of not the people, but of the show that may have blown the privilege?  I'm not sure.
  Could have been a super store.
  Maybe it was a place that was not so good.
  I can't speak to that.
  Maybe a certain project with a certain Mindy involved.
  That was not masked super carefully.
  No, that one didn't work as well.
  Maybe the Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien eight years ago, nine years ago.
  So this, Secretary Keefer, I must apologize for this.
  This is going to kind of veer into an eventual sector, but I have to tell my co-hosts, because  we're still in this journey, we're going to be going back to City Walk a lot, I didn't  realize that because one part we're talking about parking.
  We've often mentioned there's not a lot of good options if you're just going to pop in  and out.
  Yes, that's why I walked from my house to Lankersham, bottom of Lankersham, took the  tram up.
  Yes, I like doing that.
  That's fun.
  You can park real close by and then walk and get in a free tram and take that up, or you  can walk from Ventura.
  Secretary Keefer and I walked up one time when we went to the Zen Zone.
  I guided Michael up.
  Yes, it felt like he was carrying me up the hill.
  Was there only one set of footprints?  There was only one set of footprints on the concrete when we were walking back down.
  Maybe you guys know this, and forgive me if this is not new information.
  If you are only going to spend two and a half hours there, you can get $7 parking with validation  from a restaurant.
  This is a terrible deal.
  I went to Johnny Rockets, I had a beer and a hot dog, and paid $7 to Valet Park.
  That is much better than $25 flat fee.
  Basically, $7 Valet is not crazy.
  Where does that valet put you out?  The valet puts you out.
.
.
 First of all, I want everyone to know that Jason aggressively  pointed at me when he said that.
  It puts you out right under City Food.
  It's by the main hub, by the movie theater.
  By the Skechers?  Yes.
  Yeah, I've come out there before.
  We all have.
  Great spot.
  Great spot.
  We've all come out there.
  It's not that special.
  The valet.
.
.
 I will talk more about the experience valeting when we eventually talk about the  parking garages, of course.
  I want you guys to know that if you're going to pop up there, it makes sense.
  You just go into Johnny Rockets, you could probably order fries for five bucks, and you  can get free, basically not free valet, but validated valet, $7.
  That cuts down so much of the price.
  $12 fries.
  Best deal ever.
  Best deal in Los Angeles.
  Yes.
  So $12 fries.
  But does that work at, say, what we talked about before, the crepe cafe?  Needs to be a sit down restaurant.
  I don't know if the crepe is considered in there, but-  Fast casual.
  I would call it fast casual.
  I was surprised Johnny Rockets counted.
  The Americana is free.
  The Americana has good restaurants in it.
  The problem is-  Why are we touting this parking deal?  I mean, but if you have to go up there, I guess, or if you're like a tourist in town,  it's a good-  We're the only idiots who have to go up there.
  Yeah.
  That is true.
  We don't really, even now we do.
  All I'm saying is I don't blame them because it's attached to a theme park, and that's  the problem.
  That's the reason the money is so expensive, unless you go to a movie.
  But up until very recently, Downtown Disney had a strong window of free parking.
  CityWalk never has.
  Yes, that's true.
  They've been sucking us dry for a while.
  Well, we don't need to talk about that yet.
  We're not talking about parking.
  No.
  In fact, we covered it, I think.
  We can, we're actually, we can be done unless there's tangents we miss.
  I think that's the whole sector.
  I will say a tribute to a fallen hero.
  KWGB World's Greatest Burgers was a radio-themed burger restaurant that was in where the Johnny  Rockets is now.
  There was a live DG Recall.
  There was a live BJ, a burger jock, and you would call from a phone at your table.
  You'd call the burger and boogie hotline.
  And he'd walk over and pour a glass of water under your burger.
  You wouldn't even have to get up to get your burger water.
  It's also very wet.
  It's also very wet.
  I found it on a site so deep, even we haven't been there, or I haven't, mouse info.
  I found a little story of not really a story, but a man who had the privilege, I'll just  read it as post, I had the privilege of being a live DJ at KWGB World's Greatest Burgers.
  From 1996 to 1998, the food was awesome and hearing the best rock pop disco, new wave  and R&B from the 60s, 70s and 80s made for an awesome experience.
  I left about six months before they closed, but I was sadder the day it closed than the  day I left.
  What did they replace this alive place with?  The Daily Grill, which has some of the blandest food I've ever tasted.
  This along with other unique venues have shut down to be replaced by stores you just find  in your local mall, which has been a frequent complaint of ours that special city walk locations  with live burger DJs are being demolished for boring places with watery burgers.
  Thank you for your service, burger DJ.
  Yeah, you weren't keeping it real.
  Though I have to say, Johnny Rockets, I think a better estimation of the clientele going  there than Daily Grill.
  I find Daily Grill even off, even just civilian Daily Grill in the area, a little pricey,  you know?  And Daily Grill is a very like office park, a very like-  Very lunch, business lunch sort of thing.
  People who don't feel weird spending $18 on a Cobb's salad.
  Maybe expense accounting it.
  This is not the dollar, it says we are rich.
  So the, oh, I have one more thing.
  Remember when we went up there a couple years ago and the waiter made a minion out of ketchup?  Oh, yes, I do remember that.
  I got a picture of it.
  I'll post that.
  That's some sweet social media.
  Yeah, that was fun.
  That was really fun.
  Yeah, he did a good job.
  He's very nice and a good ketchup artist and almost no water was poured onto the-  Yeah, there was no-  No water on your dog today, Mike?  No, not really.
  What toppings you put on that, bad boy?  Well, it comes with just sort of relish, ketchup, mustard, and then like diced tomatoes.
  Oh, interesting.
  Bothered by that?  Was I bothered or Jason?  Were you bothered?  No, no, I like all that.
  Oh, yeah.
  You said it a little like alarmed.
  I actually was trying to remember.
  I would think diced raw onion.
  I would put that over instead of diced tomatoes.
  Oh, maybe there was onions on it too.
  I absolutely agree.
  I would put that over instead of diced tomatoes.
  I liked it.
  I'll tell you though, I was sitting there.
  There was a nice breeze coming in from outside and there was a man playing some cover songs  outside and I was writing down the covers as he would play them and he played real smooth  versions of Free Fallen, Treasure by Bruno Mars, Island in the Sun by Weezer and I always  love it and it was the best so far of this whole time, it's my most pleasant, nice time  at City Walk was this moment.
  Eating a hot dog.
  Well, best of all, you were not with any friends or loved ones or family.
  I was alone.
  There was a person next to me at the bar who I sensed might want to start talking to me.
  I was not interested.
  I kept kind of looking to the right.
  You know what I mean?  You know what you can feel when somebody wants to talk to you?  You kind of just kind of like, I don't want to make eye contact because it's going to  open it up.
  So I did that and I focused on this nice man playing music.
  I assume he's nice.
  I followed him on Twitter.
  I'm going to give him a plug because I enjoyed what he was doing and let me find it.
  That's a very great, can I ask on the four-chette scale, uno due tre quattro cinque, the Italian,  the legally cleared Italian fork scale.
  Give me the fork scale again, uno due tre quattro cinque.
  I'm going to give it a cinque.
  Tre, was that what you said?  Tre would be three.
  Yeah, I'll say tre.
  All right.
  Tre, four-chette.
  Follow, I am Johnny Martin on Twitter.
  He's the guy who was playing the covers.
  Oh, it's a J-O-H-N-N-Y.
  All right.
  Thanks for the tunes.
  As we wrap up, the stone is materialized for the sector and it just looks like a regular  stone, but it's very wet.
  Yes, yes, boys.
  Sector five stone, the wet stone is now yours.
  Hey, cool.
  There it is.
  There it is.
  Jason, take it.
  It made a sound.
  It never has before.
  It's not like it's a feature off it.
  It's very wet.
  Usually water is supposed to run off a stone or get absorbed into it.
  This is like sopping wet.
  It's permanently wet.
  It's chlorinated, so you're okay.
  Oh, okay.
  I wish the fountain was chlorinated.
  Oh, man.
  That would have saved your life.
  But you give me strength.
  Yay.
  You give me joy.
  Another stone towards your freedom.
  I'm one step closer to being an okay boy.
  Wow.
  Yeah, and then you can finally hear that song by the lead singer of Saliva and Chad Koger  from Nickelback.
  Yeah, we are the heroes who will save you.
  We're not going to go in a way.
  What are the lyrics?  We're not going to stay on the wings of an angel.
  Swatch as we all fly away.
  So good.
  The end.
  See you tomorrow.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production, executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram, at  Forever Dog Team, and liking our page on Facebook.
