 Forever.
.
.
  Dog!  When your town has let you down  When your porch has fallen short  When you're too worn out to run  And need some ribs or a Cinnabon  You need a place, a place for rock  A place for roll, a place where Oakland Raiders merch is sold  A sublime hot topic and billabong  A place where you can purchase a candy thong  So let's go take a walk  Let's all go to City Walk  Tonight, tonight.
.
.
  Folks, let's quantify our situation at the moment  As opposed to the usual leisurely, you know, Saturday afternoon recordings  The kind of things we do, it is 12.
30am  Which is late for us, that's not terribly impressive  But yeah, the way we're setting it up is like, guys, it's 5am, oh my god, I can't believe what we're doing  But it is like 12.
30am, which is like a reasonable bedtime, but still for us  Yeah, when you run it through the early 30s, you know, time zones, it's definitely.
.
.
  12.
30am is the new 5.
30am  Oh, the French champagne is a.
.
.
  We know a little place near where Mrs.
 Buckley lives, oh  The French, hey, so I'm Scott Gardner, Mike Carlson's here, Jason Sheridan's here  I'm somewhere  Yeah, what we're trying to get out is that this evening we went to Howl at the Moon  The dueling piano bar at City Walk  And we made the very specific choice to do this one, kind of inebriated  And again, to set the scale, 12.
30am as opposed to 5.
30am  Which for a younger person would be more insane  What are the level of drinks that we've had? For me, it's three beers and some sips of your blue nightmare  So yeah, I ordered a mini bucket, which is like a bucket of just like five different kinds of liquor  And I drank a lot of it, I feel like, but I'm doing okay, we're having a beer now  Which is a little scandalous as well, like we've never drank on the show before  So I'm like, I'm one Coors Light, one bucket of blue and one other, like one eighth of a beer in now  I had a double vodka soda and then a regular vodka soda and like killed the rest of that bucket  Yeah, you finished the bucket, Scott was like, we gotta get out of here  And then I was like, I have a bucket to finish  You had a little more  Jason was like, I'll help you finish the bucket  I ate the two cherries, I ate the two maraschina cherries  And I saw you putting your hands in the bucket to retrieve the cherries  And I was like, I am out  I don't even like the idea of somebody using a straw in the same bucket because somebody could spit, could find its way down the straw  You had a problem with that and we almost avoided the bucket area altogether  But then we ended up all using three curly straws and went into that one bucket  We had a mini bucket  Which was still a mini bucket  I can't imagine  Oh shit, we left the bucket up there  I know, we forgot to take the bucket  God damn it, we were told we could keep the bucket  This is not like the Good Boys at all  No, this is as bad as you're gonna hear us  This is, yeah, if you want to hear Good Boys after dark, you arrived in the correct sector  But you know what, before we go much further, though I announced Howl at the Moon  And we should hear the official sector lineup from our good friend, the Sector Keeper  Boys, boys, today's sector is Sector 15  Karl Strauss, Howl at the Moon, BB Kings, and John Lovett's Comedy Club  And boys, please don't drink irresponsibly  Good luck, boys!  Alright, so there you have it  And what this sector is, is nightlife  If you have not been to CityWalk LA yourself  You know that on the ground is where the squares can be found  But up on level two, much drunken fun for you  And that's what, we're covering basically the nightclub drinking zone  Yeah, so  And not only the clubs that are there currently, which are not many  But also the clubs of CityWalk past  Right, so like this is, I'll be honest with you guys, I have not partied a lot at CityWalk  I love CityWalk, I've been there, I've been going there for many years  But nightlife-wise, whether it be Saddle Ranch, whether it be Howl at the Moon  Not a lot of experience, never been like, you know, a young person enjoying life at this place  Well, I have to give credit to Karl Strauss, because I've been to Karl Strauss a few times over the years  I feel like when I first moved to LA, like my college friends, when their parents would come to town  And we'd go up to like Universal and CityWalk with them  Karl Strauss was like the place we would end up, it's reliable  You know, the folks can get a nice beer, a nice local California beer  I remember Karl Strauss, the few, many years I've gone to Comic Con, I've taken the Pacific Surfliner down  You go by a Karl Strauss facility on the way, the way to the ocean, beautiful ride, the Pacific Surfliner  Decent food, I will say Karl Strauss, I have a very funny memory of like one of the times my family was visiting  They drove up from staying at Disneyland, and I rode with them, and it took so long to get up from Anaheim  We got to Karl, like we checked in at Hilton at Universal  And we're like, alright, let's go eat at CityWalk, and okay, Karl Strauss is pretty good, let's go there  We got there at like 8.
30, 8.
35, and they're like, oh, we already did a last call, sorry, we close at 9, last call's at 8.
30  And it was just like us in a very boisterous 12 person party, and we just had to miserably eat like fried chicken sandwiches  And like cheeseburgers with fried eggs on top, like  Karl Strauss is, I was saying nightlife specifically, and Karl Strauss, which I've been too many times, yes, does not have nightlife  You don't go to hang out and party at Karl Strauss  But it's in the nightlife  It's in the section, I agree, because it's up the stairs, and it occupies some of the area that Wizards at one point did  The sectors get real muddy around this point, because we talked about Wizards a while ago, we talked about Abercrombie a while ago  I'm not even sure why this one's later, I guess by the way, because we're going off of the official CityWalk map numbers  That's why  It's only the second story, two Camachos occupies the first floor  And now, Camachos, I would put next to Karl Strauss in terms of actual restaurants  Yes  They're right next to each other, one's right on top of the other, and these, you know, I think we've come to find  Overdoing these episodes that a lot of, in some cases, the best you can expect out of a CityWalk restaurant is it's a good impression of a regular restaurant  Yeah, reliable  These ones are actually good  Yeah, I think it surprised all of us  Karl Strauss, pretty good  We didn't go there specifically for this, but I recall having good food experiences in the past  Yes, we've eaten at Karl Strauss together, Jason and I, Scott and I have eaten together, Jason and I have eaten at Karl Strauss  We've all had many meals at Karl Strauss, and we're always like, ah, pretty good  Pretty good  And it's, yeah, it's good up there, it's good as a beer truck at California Adventure  Yeah, that's one of the ones  If anybody who's not been to California Adventure, that's really, you know, my number one and two of California Adventure experiences are the winery and the Karl Strauss beer truck  That's a funny, yeah, we've talked about crossovers before, like Starbucks is at both, Sephora is now at both, Karl Strauss at both properties  And I'm not going to complain about it because a couple nights ago I learned about the man himself, Karl Strauss  Do you know anything about Karl Strauss?  No, please  I've read a little about the founders, but I don't think he was one of the, was he? He wasn't one of the founders, was he?  Well, he was kind of prodded out of retirement into starting what became Karl Strauss Brewing Company or whatever it is officially  Here's a little bit of, here's some drunk history on my part, I'll stumble through this  But basically, Karl Strauss was studying to be a master brewer in Munich, Germany in the 20s and the 30s, and he graduated  He like apprenticed with many great beer makers and was like a particularly gifted master brewer  But he, by the time he was out and trying to get work, it's the dead center of World War II  And he is Jewish and a Jewish person is not getting hired to work at a brewery in Germany  And things escalate and he fleeds, fleeds?  Flees?  Flees, that would be correct  That might be what it is  I'm butchering this great man's story  Well, you're hammered is why  That is part of it, yes  Anyway, he escapes, his family does not escape, Karl, like other members of the Strauss family do not make it out of Nazi Germany  He does, he goes straight to Milwaukee and applies for a job at the Pabst Brewing Company  He does just like real grunt work feeding bottles into a bottling machine  And then they realize, wait a minute, we have a Bavarian brewmaster in our employ, we have to make use of this  He ends up working there for 44 years  That's incredible  And he rises up through the ranks from just feeding bottles into a machine to being a person actually affecting the recipe of Pabst Blue Ribbon  He retires in by, I want to say 1980 or early 80s  He consults for a lot of great other beer companies  And is, you know, in his elder years and has nothing to prove, just an established great beer dude  And in the late 80s, his cousin wanted to open a new brewery in San Diego  He dove in so headfirst that he designed the facility, he trained everybody, he created the original recipes  And he became their spokesman in radio ads, which he did until he passed away in 2006  He died at 94  My God  A storied beer making career  I'm just so impressed by this tale  He lands in America in 1939, escapes the Nazis, and has an unbelievable run in the beer industry  And suddenly what goes from a competent restaurant at City Walk and a nice beer truck at California Adventure goes to, oh my God, I have immense respect for this person and his tale  Wow  That's fascinating  I mean, even just reading about the two guys who started the brewery, their whole thing was like, well, we live in San Diego, there's not really a beer culture  There's certainly not a local beer culture  And that seems wild now because I think San Diego, living out here, I think San Diego, I think Carl Strauss, I think Ballast Point especially has really grown a lot in a number of years  And yeah, craft breweries in general just across the country are huge  Also shout out to Brian Roth, my college roommate, award winning beer writer  Wow, really?  He writes a lot about beer  I've shipped him beer from a local brewery, Golden Road, out here because beverage distribution is still very segmented  Like you can't, like I really like Yingling, like Pride of Pennsylvania, Yingling beer, can't really get it out here in California because beverage distribution is so regional specific  Sure, I studied abroad in Dusseldorf, Germany  Oh really?  I got to spend four months out there and their swill beer was so mind-blowingly great  And I got to go there when I could not legally drink in America, I went and studied abroad at 20  And I can drink and I can sit along this beautiful waterfront and for one euro get a gigantic really crazy good beer  This one called Frankenheim especially I really miss and everybody in that study abroad program really likes pines for Frankenheim  Yeah  Yeah, it's a bummer  These things have to cross borders more  Was that your first beer or had you had a beer before that?  No, I started drinking, I wasn't quite, I wasn't cool enough in high school necessarily  Senior year I started to get kind of pissed off so at 17 and I remember, but I didn't know how to do it and I was kind of dependent on my parents alcohol  So I remember like sneaking water bottles into high school and drinking in a class at 1.
30 in the afternoon  But that being like gin, like pure gin with no mixer  Wow, that's a bad boy thing to do  That is also like an interpretation of like I don't know how to do this, I guess I'll do it at 1.
30 afternoon during classes  And gin which you're you know in some respects it's a little bad boy but in some respects it's pretty grandma  Also never meant to be drank on its own I feel like gin, like you don't hear like one gin meat please  No, I had a lot of drinking growing pains and I definitely remember having pure gin in my like childhood bedroom and then just vomiting it up instantly  Cause yeah, you don't ever, especially, gin's maybe number one on the list of what you don't drink on its own  That is one of the first things I drank but I remember being really into gin gimlets a lot when I first drank  Which I would have to, bartenders would say like in college down in Ithaca  You and the other retirees that you were drinking with  Me and the rest of the supporting cast of Chinatown would have to explain like gin, gimlet is just one part alcohol, one part like lime juice  Oh, that's what that is? That sounds great  That's it, served over ice, so like you hear vodka gimlets too or gin gimlets and it's like very simple to make but most people don't order them  And now the idea of drinking that sounds disgusting to me because there's no carbonation  It's sickeningly sweet because most places don't have real lime juice, they have rosa's lime juice which is just mostly sugar  Whereas if you can just get a lime wedge and squeeze it  That's fine  Into your beverage  Yeah, that's wonderful  Gin and tonic, gin and soda  If we're generally on the topic of drinking as it relates to us, we obviously, you know, we'll cover it thoroughly at some point  But the Carthay Circle restaurant that we're very fond of  Delightful  What is that drink that is like Walt's Scotch Mist?  That's what I order  What's in a Scotch Mist?  That's funny because that menu has changed like when it first opened it was like Walt's drink of choice  Dark Scotch and light Scotch which I've never seen light Scotch before  But it was like two Scotches over ice with a twist and it's very nice  I feel like it's a very easy way to drink Scotch because Scotch is kind of a harsh liquor  But now I feel like it just says Scotch over ice with a twist  You mean it doesn't say Walt anymore?  No, it still says Walt but I don't think it's, I think they've just gone to like one kind of Scotch  I see what you're saying  I was thinking they took the branding off of it because it does seem weird that you'd be like  Here's what Walt would drink to get hammered every night  I feel like Walt would drink anything also  Like he came of age in a time where people were just like drinking all the time  He survived the depression  He drank for any reason  Yeah, we have no excuse  We aren't surviving  We have an excuse, we have a theme park podcast and we decided to do a 19 part series and it involves Howl at the Moon  Well, I mean, yeah, drinking certainly necessary to counter the other effects of Howl at the Moon  I am, I mean just in general this many times up at City Walk recently, what are we on now?  Sector 15  Like I do like, it's crazy how like it's part elation being at City Walk and it's also part dread  Yeah, there's like short aspects every time but I've had a lot of good times  I've had a lot of good times  I was walking with Lindsay tonight and we saw a movie before Howl at the Moon  And I said, you know what, it doesn't bother me, I like this, I don't know  I've been up here a lot lately, I'm happy with it, I would have done this if we weren't doing a series  As everyone knows here, I'm a bottomless pit for things that I like  And I thought maybe by Sector 15, oh my god, I'm gonna hate this place, but no, not really  Only food wise am I wearing down because just pure sodium fuck  You're not getting out of City Walk alive  Do we close with Howl at the Moon? Should we go into the past?  Let's go to the past  Let's talk about the, hold on, let's go on to  So BB Kings and John Lovitz have a lot going on, but I gotta say, we've been up there a lot of times recently  I feel like every time I've been up there I've heard this song and I shazam'd it a different way  DJ Snake featuring Law  Can you play that for us?  No, well I just had the screen grab  No, we know  Shazam, I gotta find it now  You a lot have heard this song?  Every time we've gone up there  Tell me the name of the song and I'll play it on my Apple Music  It's called A Different Way  A Different Way  By DJ Snake  DJ Snake  You do?  Yeah, yeah, I've heard of him  I mean this is a classic theme park trope, you have a loop, you have like, it's an amount of music  Usually played for 30 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes, maybe an hour  And, cause you're not gonna linger in an area necessarily so you won't hear it repeat  And City Walk, like, I have heard a lot of A Different Way  I've heard a lot of Jimmy Buffett  That's the ad playing  Oh, I had to go to YouTube  I've heard a lot of Despacito, like, you know, these songs repeat  By Rock is in the House  A Different Way has a sample of like an Indian pop song  So, but immediately I got off the trolley tram from Liker's Rim  And I heard this song and this is not the first time I've done that  On the tram?  Just like tears in the eyes of a man  Sounds like a City Walk song  Oh baby I'll be right here  Between sea and silence  So breathe easy my dear  You can find sunshine in the rain  This is the kind of song you should only listen to if you're not aware of other music  By the way, we have to, it's been playing long enough that we owe the money  God, get it out of here  I wanna wait for the  Jump to the bridge  This is  I'm not giving a cent to DJ Snake  Yeah, DJ Snake, we'll have to edit this out  So I've heard that a lot  So B.
B.
 King's and John Mendes  Did you hear it, but was that just on the tram?  As soon as, no, I said on the tram was an ad for Margueriteville and then an ad for Despicable Me, Minion Mayhem  Including Minion stalking in their nonsense language  And then as soon as I walked off the tram I started hearing that song  Okay  Yeah, it's fine, it's a fine like song  You're gonna hear your fave pop hits in the nightclub sector  What they stopped playing is my old favorite like when I was here like 10 years ago at City Walk  You would just hear like a voice at the big screen at the City Walk stage  You'd hear like, express yourself, City Walk  Like it was a weird whispery like ad for City Walk at City Walk  Do you guys feel like you expressed yourselves tonight at City Walk?  Yeah, I mean, I honestly, this is getting ahead of ourselves  I feel like I never got quite comfortable enough to express myself, but I feel like I got close  Do you ever feel like you're comfortable enough to express yourself?  That's a good question, maybe at like a wedding  Once in a while at a wedding, you're far away from where you live, it's like 2am and you've had more drinks  Emotions flying high  Emotions flying high, then you feel like you really like let it out  Well guys, I tried to get you out on the dance floor at Howl at the Moon  And I felt a lot of resistance and Jason bailed entirely  I danced pretty quickly  I was trying to get my groove on to Earth, Wind and Fire's September  Here's the closest thing to the kind of music I would like at Howl at the Moon  Here's what was going through, I know we're going to not close with Howl at the Moon, I guess  Here's what was going through my head  I had ordered, we had ordered a giant blue bucket  Because everyone knows I drink a lot of neon colored drinks  And everybody had a sip of it  And then you were like, I'll leave it there, it'll be fine  And three, we were with our friend Andrew Grissom  You guys all left, went to the dance floor  And I looked at that bucket and I went, I'm not going to drink this if it leaves my sight  And that's another paranoia thing I have  I was thinking somebody's going to drug me, someone's going to roofy me  This is a classic Howl at the Moon scenario  Way too much to unpack there, just too much  If a fan of the podcast is going to  No, I didn't say a fan would do it, but maybe a rival podcast perhaps  They're also at Howl at the Moon  The Bumper Car Boys perhaps were following us  So I said, let me pick up the bucket, I'll take it on the dance floor  It'll be funny, it'll be a funny photo op  But then of course it restricted my movement when it comes to dancing  I like, you know, in a loud place dancing  I like, I enjoy that, but I felt like I was very wooden, so I apologize  I liked being there, it just, I felt very restrictive  Also very early in the night too, so I was not properly loosened up  Sure, Jason maybe not into it at all  I lingered for a bit on the dance floor, but I realized like  Oh, I want to see what the smoking area is  And that had an interesting development  Yeah, but that sounds like it's a, your brain was like, how do we get out of here?  What's the justification?  Well, yes, I also didn't want to be there  There you go, thank you, that's what I'm saying  Let's build to that though  Let's look at the smokers area  So BB King's  We're going back now?  I don't think any of us, yeah, I want to go back  I never got to go  I don't think we have much on BB King's  BB King's gone for a while  Yeah, never went  Gone pre-John Lovett's Comedy Club, which opened in 2009  Did anyone ever visit BB King's?  No, nope  Okay  Do I have any notes about it?  I don't know if I do  The joke I always heard, there's a BB King's I think at Times Square in New York  And I always heard like, a lot of dates at that one featuring BB King  Like, not a lot of other people  I don't really know who played City Walk Hollywood  What do you have on that?  It's like the Smash Club in San Francisco  Primarily played by Jesse and the Rippers  I'm not sure there were any other acts besides Jesse and the Rippers at the Smash Club  I don't really have anything  You know what I have is, we're missing a couple clubs we haven't really called out in Fallen Brother past  The Rumba Room  Which I took a little photo of, whatever it is now, I think it's just cubicles  I took a picture just kind of above the wall and they just put universal employees in there now  But there was something called the Rumba Room  And they were ejected from the space and there were cries of racism in doing so  They claimed that, you know, we always pay it on time and I don't know why this would  But the next club that opened was called Infusion Lounge and that was also minority owned  But there was like General Hubbub, like B.
B.
 King apparently also were ejected in a weird way  And they came out and spoke for the Rumba Room and said, I don't know, there's maybe something systematic going on at City Walk  And they denied it and I found all this stuff at the movie theater too  It's where I get actually interested in the odd politics of this place  And, you know, as a microcosm of the city at large, you know, people feeling disrespected or chased out or whatever it is  Andy Camacho, owner of Camacho's Cantina, advocated for the Rumba Room and was upset about them getting kicked out  So I don't know, yeah, you know, you think you're just going to talk about places that serve hot dogs and s'mores or whatever  But there's some real shit's happened up at City Walk, I'll tell you  That does feel like an actual, like, you know, we've talked about it being a simulated street or a simulated like area of L.
A.
  But it's like that does feel like L.
A.
 where you're like, well, this is L.
A.
  This is a liberal, you know, left leaning enclave  But that also just means like, oh, well, the racism is just much like below.
 It's much deeper.
  It's just much it's still there.
 It's just like weirdly coded.
  And I remember even I looked up like, oh, wait, does Howl at the Moon have a weird like racist dress code?  Because any club and not kind of not real any nightclub  They let Mike in with his flamingo shirt.
 No problem.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 But I'm a white man.
  Yeah, that's true.
 Any nightclub that like gets a long list of the dress code, like once they start hitting like no jerseys, no duress  like that.
 Do you find that? Yeah, it's a dog whistle.
 It's like a weird, iffy territory.
  And Howl at the Moon did not full disclosure did not have that.
 Oh, OK.
 Oh, OK.
  I think there was something like no overly baggy clothes or like they may have said no jerseys, but it seemed like  I don't know.
 It seemed a little odd, but like plenty of people in all sorts of dress in there.
  It wasn't like.
 Yeah, people were dressed including a Captain EO shirt.
 Anybody see that?  Yeah, shout out to the guy in the Captain EO shirt.
 I thought about tapping him on the shoulder asking what's up, but I didn't want to bother him.
  Yeah, no, he was probably enjoying there was somebody.
 There was one Michael Jackson song played tonight, I think.
 Really? Yeah.
  I think it was what, Billie Jean? I lost track of music.
 I heard a hey-yah.
 There was a hey-yah, yeah.
  I wrote some down.
 Yeah, Outkast Roses.
 That was a deep cut.
 The more deeper tracks on Love Below.
  Yes, that was crazy because I look we're going back to what apparently we're doing now is that hold on.
  Hold on.
 I got to use the bathroom.
 Oh, my God.
 To throw up or to pee.
 All right.
  Please.
 What do you mean, please? I've seen you throw up on the Franklin Street.
 I'm leaving all this in.
  I'm leaving all this in.
 I'm going to talk about Jason while he's gone.
 All right.
 Scott's eating Pringles right now.
  Yeah, Jason, I did not want to dance.
 A little disappointed by that.
 Yeah.
  Which, again, I agree.
 I was not I was not fully in like is it a self-consciousness? I think maybe.
  I mean, it was I think you went to the dance for too early, honestly.
 I think it was like an hour and everyone was a little looser.
  But what really are you doing there? You're walking around.
 You're kind of waving your arms.
  I was fine.
 I would have stood awkwardly all night with the little bucket full of blue liquids.
  I just maybe didn't look so comfortable.
 I guess I guess I recognize that people are self-conscious about dancing.
  Yeah.
 And yet I don't.
 I truly I like it.
 I enjoy it.
 I like a douchey Vegas pool dancing.
  I like a wedding dancing like any time there's loud music and there's people standing up and being excited about it.
  I'm totally on board with it.
 So not Jason, but not Jason.
 That's fair.
 I mean, a lot of more blue shit in his system too.
  Yeah, I was worried he was he got mad at me because he had a double vodka at the start of the night.
  And I was like, you better be careful, buddy.
 And he was like acting like I was his like dad or something.
  But to be fair, you know, I find from afar watching your relationship, I find a lot of family member roles traded around.
  What does he call me about? Usually my relationship with Jason is that he kind of is like a neighbor who like kind of looks over the fence at me and is like, oh, looks like he's bought a new car.
  Oh, that's accurate.
 That's a big thing with him.
 Not that I bike.
 I have the same car for eight years.
  I'm just saying that's a general thing of like, oh, new shirt, huh? Must be doing well.
  Like, that's a general Jason with me relationship.
 But what have you noticed otherwise of the between the two of us?  We were in the car on the way to the Pirates Dinner Adventure and everybody was talking.
  You were talking about it was like the rent a car situation.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 I know what it was.
  It was you.
 It was I was saying that I was about to go to Disney World and that I had made, you know, six or seven restaurant reservations and that like, you know, these are hard.
  Some of these are hard to get.
 And I didn't know exactly where we would be on a certain day.
  So I made a bunch of them and then I would cancel them as we get closer.
 And he was like, well, you know, they they use those reservations to, you know, really know who's coming into the restaurant.
  So I go, I understand that I go, I'm going to be canceling.
 And he goes, but, you know, you really should you really should cancel those.
  And like, Lindsay even was like, Jason, he's going to cancel.
 Like, he just booked a lot and it's fine.
 And you were like, OK, but in my memory, Jason said, Michael,  he used your full name.
 There was a real back now so he can hold.
  You guys can talk.
 You did keep talking.
 I thought that was a joke.
 Yeah, we're loose.
  I mean, I think like I was concerned about other people trying to get those.
 I was also a little stoned on that try down.
  You always said we were just a comic.
 Yeah, you were you were sucking some weird shit at the at the Pirates Dinner Adventure.
  You were when you forgot there was a part of the Pirates Dinner Adventure where they came out on zip lines.
  And then after the fact that went, oh, you remember when the pirates came out and zip lines, you're like, what?  What are you talking about? I was like the men over your head zipped over.
  You're like, I do not remember that.
 Like this is before the show, though.
  This is in the bar area.
 They were all yelling.
 Oh, that was the bar area.
  The pre show was a mess.
 We were just a comic con and we were trying to get into a party.
  And you were like, you called me a beta.
 And then like I was like, well, I was very high.
  What are you talking about? And then you're like, well, I was a little stoned.
  So like that seems to be a very common excuse for you.
 That's all I'm saying.
 That's true.
  It is a good card by a party we couldn't get into.
 That's not true until your alpha friend got us in.
  I think I've said on a different episode that if I am high, I just announced that I am high.
  I am not at ease with it remotely.
 So I could relate to you on this level.
  And if anything odd is said, I pointed immediately back to that I am high.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 Thankfully, I mean, we haven't built like the foundation of this podcast on like us being high guys.
  Like that would be no, my God.
 Like it's hard to schedule.
  And I have I have not been high at a theme park ever.
 Never.
 Me neither.
 Yeah.
  I would never I would never have you high boy.
 Oh, I bet he did.
  Universal Hollywood briefly is bad.
 But I was like, I was cranky.
 Oh, I guess I.
  And now I think about it if we're talking to Hollywood because I gave you candy.
  Yeah, because my friend who came out is like a big, like you weren't happy about it.
  No, I wasn't unhappy about it.
 He was like, let's take a little bit this man.
  And then like we went in the House of Horrors.
 Shady dude.
  Well, I'm exaggerating.
 He's not that shady.
  We went in the House of Horrors, man.
 We were in the House of Horrors and it was they've torn it down, whatever it was called.
  But they've torn it down.
 It wasn't great.
  But it was six like six minutes of just teenagers jumping out and scaring you when I friggin hated all of it.
  Chuckie came out, he slashed a knife at my friend's throat and I like lost my mind.
  This is two years ago.
 Also, this is not like when I was still scarred.
 Yeah.
  So that was horrible.
 I have a similar House of Horror story.
  I went through like the very first time when I was first I've been out here like a month in L.
A.
  I hate it going through it.
 My friends dragged me through it and I thought it was done.
  It was over.
 And then at the end, you go through a curtain and they launch a werewolf at you like the guy.
  Werewolf? A cannon? It looks like a catapult, I assume.
  He's on a court.
 He's on a court.
 So they pull him back.
  But like he jumps out at you and he did it right when I was walking through.
  I don't remember that.
 And then they pulled him back.
 That must have been a thing.
  It was like a fake out.
 They must have arranged that for you specifically because I do not recall launching a werewolf at me.
  All right.
 Well, let's talk about.
 That was a hallucination.
 It didn't happen at all.
  Potentially.
 So let's talk.
 Should we talk about the crown jewel of this sector?  Should the John Lovett's Comedy Club? Yeah, baby.
  Yes.
 Long gone.
 Let's.
 Let's do it.
 I'd love it.
  I'd love it.
 Opened in 2009, closed abruptly in 2014 due to an unpleasant business dispute between two partners.
  So let's.
 Yeah.
 To back you up, there was a club called the John Lovett's Comedy Club.
  And if you lived in Los Angeles around this time, you may have seen some advertisements that were him smiling at a big old Hawaiian shirt tarp.
  Yeah.
 And not the only comedy club owned by a comic.
 Let's not forget Danger Fields or the Atlantic City Institution.
  It only lasted about like three or four years.
 Club Piscopo, the club owned in resorts Atlantic City, run by Joe Piscopo.
  Club Piscopo is Atlantic City's newest comedy club dedicated to delivering a retro style comedy club and jazz lounge.
  Was.
 Did Lovett's own his comedy club? Well, it was a co-investment between Lovett's and another guy named Frank Kelly.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And things did not end well.
 Right.
 There was a lawsuit that transpired.
  If we're getting into the lawsuit.
 Hold on.
 Let me.
 I've got some very breezy stuff about the opening.
  Oh, hey, get breezy.
 They had very high hopes for this.
 Lovett said the this is from The Hollywood Reporter.
  I just have from the opening and closing for the Hollywood Reporter.
 Lovett said the new three level club will differ from existing comedy clubs in L.
A.
,  most of which have a black box feel in that it will be bright and open with beachy decor complete with palm trees.
  It sounds like a UCB diss.
 It sounds like a UCB diss.
 Later in the article, I like Hawaii and I like the beach.
  And here you can almost hear the ocean and smell the cocoa butter, Lovett said.
 What?  But why is Lovett's and Hawaii tied together? Well, I know this.
  He also hopes to work closely with NBC's The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien, which is relocating to the Universal lot, which really dates that opening.
  As much as we can mine the relationship with the very fruitful Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien.
  Yeah.
 As much as this cornerstone of this club.
 Oh, boy, oh, boy.
  Here I'm going to show you a photo.
 You too.
  Of the the ticket booth for the John Lovett's comedy club.
  Can you see a little like hidden thing, a little Easter egg here?  You notice anything in this photo? The top? And think about other sectors when you look at this.
  I see lightning on the door.
 Sure do.
  Lightning bolts.
 Is that the wizards? Wizards.
 That is a remnant of wizards that John Lovett's left up.
  And in fact, you can still see at various points at City Walk, Saturn's and other things.
  So he didn't change, though he's in a Hawaiian themed nightclub, it's still lightning bolts.
  So you're getting clashing as soon as you buy your tickets.
  So let me I got a picture.
 So this is from a Yelp page for the John Lovett's comedy club.
  Again, I mentioned three stories, which is unique for a comedy club.
  Here is the top floor, which looks like a cage slash prison.
  Can you see that? Yes, it does.
  Yelp reviewer says third floor seats.
 This is what you get for the same price.
 Thumbs down.
  Boy, it looks like a cage.
 Jason is having indigestion from all this liquor.
  Indigestion looks like a cage when you're looking.
  So it's three stories, but the three stories would all be looking down on one stage.
  On one stage.
 It wasn't three different stages of different comedians or performances.
  We'll always later change.
 Here is another picture I have.
  This is a painting by Gordo painted this picture of John Lovett smoking a big stoke.
  And I got to say, if you're doing comedy, if you have a picture of you smoking a big cigar, a big stoke, like you suck.
  Like you just suck.
 Like it's just rethink that photo.
  Like if that's your thing, fine.
 But like a cigar and Hawaii and lightning bolts, these all clash.
  Why cigars doesn't seem to line up with the John Lovett's? I know Hawaiian shirts also don't.
  I know.
 What is that? What do you want out of the John Lovett's comedy club?  He just doesn't have like a particular brand because he's he's an actor.
  What if I were to tell you at the opening of this, another brand he associated with himself was like young women with like an Avril Lavigne circle mid 2000s haircuts.
  Yes.
 Wait, wait, wait.
 Hold on.
 This is the grand opening press conference.
  Let me explain.
 This is Lovett's in a Hawaiian shirt and three women eating like box lunches looking like bored.
  And this is from Getty Images.
 There are eight more of this identical photo.
  My memory is that John was not a stand up as a younger comedian.
 He was an actor.
  He was a groundling.
 A groundling.
 Character.
 And then he someone said you should do stand up and he did it a little bit.
  And then some, you know, you guys will tell me about this, but some weird business partner was like, let's have a comedy club.
  I think that is accurate.
 Yes.
 And I now this this partner, I like I don't want to pick sides in this argument, but all I know is that the John Lovett's comedy club ended in a pile of lawsuits.
  I think Lovett sued his partner, Frank Kelly.
 Is that the name? Frank Kelly.
 And then Frank Kelly countersued.
  The Twitter account is still live.
 I forget the exact at name, but they're they're like handle next to the at name is closed comedy club.
  Oh boy.
 Which is depressing.
 And it's it's a depressing Twitter account.
  Let me say some things from this lawsuit and you can go yourself and read the legal dossier.
  The counter suit from of Kelly V.
 Lovett's.
 This is but this is an actual quote from a legal document.
  This is like judges and lawyers have to deal with this in this lawsuit.
  Lovett's appears to be channeling one of his most recognizable characters.
  Yes.
 Tommy Flanagan, the pathological liar.
  I have the same quote like bolded in my notes.
 It's insane.
 Also, is that one of his famous characters? Yes, it is.
 Oh, it certainly is.
  The other one being Master Thespian, which you could have easily gone with all of Mr.
 Lovett's claims.
  It is obvious that he is acting exclamation point.
  You could have gone either way with it, but they went with the liar, which is probably the cleaner thing to do.
  That makes sense.
 Legal situation.
 Other things in this lawsuit.
  Let me read some stuff.
 The club's financial difficulties were Lovett's is false, Kelly alleged.
  He claimed the comedian had agreed to financially back the club, but quickly became unable or unwilling to provide the needed funding.
  The comic, meanwhile, made irresponsible expenses like a two hundred thousand dollar TV sign promoting the club, which there is.
  This is true.
 There is a video sign that says Comedy Club that is still up at City Walk.
  Have you guys seen this? Yes, it's a video.
 It's a video screen.
  It says Comedy Club and there's nothing ever on the screen.
  This was paid for by John Lovett's and apparently did nothing to get people into the club and also a twenty thousand dollar advertising campaign that just said the ads just said,  get happy and didn't actually say the name John Lovett's Comedy Club.
  So basically he's doing the work of like a the sign of a homeless person on an off ramp like a smile.
  He didn't direct anyone to the actual business he was trying to promote.
  I feel like there is still like there's an elevator on the ground floor next to Johnny Rockets where like you like that elevator would go up to the level that the John Lovett's club was at.
  And I think it still says like artists entrance elevator like that would take them backstage, which is still like I mean, that's sad.
  That's depressing.
 That's signed down.
  Yeah.
 And then it still there's another sign that still says Comedy Club that is inactivated in anyway.
  There's a lot going on.
 I mean, I mean, we got to talk about the Kevin Smith connection.
  Yeah, am I right?  OK, so to go back, Kevin Smith has had a podcast for a number of years and when he briefly experimented with having his own space, the Smod Castle down on Santa Monica Boulevard.
  And the Smod Castle, it only held about 50 or 60 people, 50 or 60 seats, and it would sell out a lot.
  So they were looking to expand for like the Smod Castle network.
  To fit more than 60 people.
  Yeah, it was a black box theater.
 They needed more space.
  So there at the same time is like the Lovett's Club had been going for a couple of years, a few years and like.
  Was it that long?  It was the Lovett's Club was open 2009 to 2014.
 So it was five years.
  So I think it was that long.
  So eventually the Lovett's Club kind of expanded and their logo became the John Lovett's Comedy Club and Vodcast Theater.
  Vodcast is a video podcast, never really called an non-existent medium.
  Non-existent, they tried it for a while, so and they kind of converted the top floor into like a podcasting space.
  So like a second space and Kevin Smith used to record there.
  And now briefly that was going to become the Smodcast Lounge and that never happened.
  They just called it the Smodcast Theater.
  And of course, there was that plaque when you were walking into the Smodcast Theater that that famous Kevin Smith quote,  Ten years in and we broke bone like we're cheating on each other with each other a decade plus and her clit brown taint area still bones my dick.
  That famous Kevin Smith tweet.
  That was so funny.
  No, I'm lying.
 I'm making that up.
 I just wanted to read that Kevin Smith tweet.
  That's the thing he tweeted.
  He tweeted and it comes back every few years.
  It just lingers in our mind.
  Suppose Kevin claims that his wife because of some sort of bad or something said there was a deal made that he would tweet anything that she wanted.
  And that was a thing he was forced to tweet, he says.
  He didn't tweet that under his own.
  So there's some Dom Sub stuff going on in their Twitter relationship.
  You know all about that.
  Oh, sure.
 Absolutely.
  You're the young millennial of the three of us.
  Yeah.
  Kevin Smith was name checked in the lawsuit that transpired.
  And let me just read this.
  He was not paid and Levitz claimed that it was because of this guy Kelly.
  But Kelly switched that right back on him, said he is a pathological liar.
  And just within the legal dossier, additional facts concerning Levitz's defamatory conduct.
  Point 18, Kevin Smith is a well-known director, producer, actor and comedian.
  Let me just let me take some words out of that statement again.
  Just boil it down to Kevin Smith is an actor.
  That phrase in and of itself devalues the entire lawsuit that proves that the whole thing is full of lies and statements you can't trust.
  I'm still mad because Kevin Smith was supposed to shoot mall rats to whether a movie or TV show.
  You've talked about this before.
  I've talked about this for years.
  My childhood mall, he said this on the radio, my childhood mall was the Granite Run Mall was going to be demolished.
  And they were going to let Kevin Smith film in there and dress it up and then blow it up at the end because they were going to blow it up anyway.
  And it just didn't happen.
  Look, it still could happen.
  No, that mall is rubble now.
  They could build another mall in your hometown and they blow it up is what I'm saying.
  Mall rats too will be a live periscope event.
  That's how he'll end up doing it.
  It'll be in pieces.
  It'll be an Insta story in 90 parts.
  I mean that'd be fine.
  When Mike and I were younger men, we enjoyed the Kevin Smith universe and we liked once a month when he would get online and say like, all right, here's the order.
  I'm going to shoot movies in.
  I never liked that part of it, but I liked the first part.
  I liked it.
  But once after a year of it, him going like, OK, the order has changed.
  As far as the look, sorry to get away from Kevin Smith.
  As far as what happened with the lawsuit with John Lovitz, there's two people I would like to come on the podcast and explain.
  Yeah.
  One, John Lovitz.
  Of course.
  Love to hear that.
  Big fan of his.
  A lot of different things.
  Simpsons, the critic, blah, blah, blah.
  Number two, Jim Hill.
  The man knows his theme park history.
  Yeah.
  I would love to hear a definitive explanation of what happened with the John Lovitz in regards to CityWalk.
  And I think Jim is the kind of the kind of guy who researches.
  We've heard him on the Disney Dish podcast and he knows exactly.
  He knows how to dig.
  He knows sources.
  He has a deep throat, probably.
  He knows where the bodies are buried.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Jim Hill or John Lovitz, come on the show, explain to us what happened with the.
  You get, look, you're getting the real deal.
  What we do, it's post 1 a.
m.
  And we are pleading with Jim Hill to come talk to us about things.
  I've gotten a text from Lindsay saying, we are too loud.
  She is trying to go to sleep and we're being loud.
  So I'm like, from now on, we'll be very hushed for the rest of the episode.
  Yeah, I did notice you take the volume down a little bit.
  Yep.
  I have let me say one more thing before we depart from the John Lovitz comedy club.
  This may have also been part of the Vodcast endeavor.
  Yeah.
  The John Lovitz hosted a podcast that was live from his theater.
  Guests included Dana Carvey.
  And I have an ad in front of me where Dana is spelled with two N's.
  Dana Carvey.
  That's not how any Dana is spelled, by the way.
  Dana is generally spelled with one N.
  No, Dana and also taping is misspelled.
  The E is used.
  Some of the artwork, some of the promotional work for the John Lovitz comedy club was extremely brutal.
  Gene Simmons also apparently a guest on this podcast.
  Wow, really?  Would you like to know the name of John Lovitz's live podcast event?  Yes, please.
  The Lovkist?  Oh, no, no, no.
  He would call his live podcast Lovitz or Lievitz.
  The year this is being done, 2010.
  2017 or so rolls around and the very funny, the funny, funny man, John Lovitz comes up with the name.
  Obama staff are now doing a comedy, a funny comedy podcast.
  Does the title Lovitz or Lievitz?  Lovitz or Lievitz.
  I think what's funny about both of those podcasts is I would rather be pushed down the flight of stairs in Mike's townhouse right here than listen to either one of those podcasts.
  Like I would rather listen more.
 I would rather fall down the stairs and go like, well, how can I, as I'm doing this, try not to injure myself more than listen to the milk toast speechwriter or the milk toast comedian?  I'm more curious about John Lovitz's comedy views and how he liked the 2018 election.
  Clear favorite and it's John Lovitz.
  Yeah, Lovitz is definitely the clear favorite.
  It's just, you know, it's funny that this comedy writer, this funny comedy writer really put his brain to the mat and he thought of the same name that John Lovitz did eight years prior.
  I just, I mean, Ocasio won because she got out there and shook hands.
  Like that sort of insight is invaluable from like a guy who will never have to struggle in his life because he, he just phoned it in and every fucking thing he did.
  Does anyone care about the crossover between our political views and our views about milkshakes?  Probably not.
 I hope crooked media goes bankrupt is by only political.
  Hey, don't say anything you'll regret when you haven't had two and a half beers and also some blue stuff.
  And a couple sips of blue stuff.
 And a couple cherries soaked in blue stuff.
  Let's get into where gave us the blue stuff.
  So we all went to see a movie.
 I don't know if it's going to date.
 We're going to release this and it's going to be like two months later.
  But we saw a movie.
 We all loved it.
  Crooked media will be bankrupt.
  And Lindsay was with us and it was a couple of us walking up there to take, or excuse me, going up the escalator to go to how the moon.
  And she was like, yeah, I'll go when there's no cover charge or whatever.
  I was like, yeah, there's no cover.
 And we got there and it was a loud cover of the killer's Mr.
 Brightside.
  Heavy piano.
  She goes, I am out.
  Heavy piano.
  She turned around and was like, I got to go to bed.
  And this same thing had happened, when Aaron and I, when my wife and I started dating, it was 2006 and I was still a universal tour guide.
  And the go-to hangout was Howl at the Moon.
 And I convinced her up there at one point.
  And same thing.
 She sat down at a table, sat down at the high top and then said, I can't do this and walked away.
  And this is the thing that we did tonight.
  Now, I would not describe this as any particular torture.
  No.
  I think we had a good time and you're benefiting from our good time right now as we speak.
  Your now wife asked like, oh, I can't remember what section I was, will you just come with me until I get to the car?  And you jumped at the opportunity to not be at Howl at the Moon for a few extra minutes.
  To delay it.
  To delay it.
  I don't know if he jumped.
 I mean, his wife made a request and he granted it, which is very reasonable.
  I feel like his reaction was stirred.
  Sure.
 Any less seconds I can spend at this place.
  Howl at the Moon is a dueling piano bar concept.
  This began in 1990 in the city of Cincinnati at a flagship location that has since closed.
  I was trying to find out kind of the history of Howl at the Moon.
  And just by Googling Howl at the Moon, I didn't find a lot.
  But then I got smart and I added a word to the Google search and the word that I added was arrest.
  And then I found the real deal Google results.
  Let me pull the notes out.
  So Howl at the Moon, there are a number of locations of this.
  I only knew there was also one in San Diego, which would certainly follow as there was another John Lovett's comedy club.
  There's a lot of them.
  There's a lot across the country.
 And let me just give you a couple stats.
  And it's not a mind boggling amount of stats for arrests.
  But in Orlando on I Drive, the Howl at the Moon, there was a stabbing.
  In Houston, there was a stabbing, which was fatal.
  Someone died at the Howl at the Moon.
  In Indianapolis, a man was arrested at the Howl at the Moon due to heavy intoxication.
  Over the course of his arrest, he tried to punch the officer and grab his genitals.
  And now let me take you to the Boston Howl at the Moon piano bar, which complex, the website complex named number 14 Dutius Bar in Boston.
  Oh, man.
  Here's the thing that happened there.
  I didn't write down his name, but a player for the New England Patriots was judging a Halloween costume contest at Howl at the Moon.
  Now, to be totally fair to Howl at the Moon, to this fine establishment, he left Howl at the Moon, went to another bar two miles away,  but clearly drunk from the initial Halloween costume judging, went to another bar where he assaulted a woman.
  Oh, my God.
  Was taken to jail.
 And what is funny about all of this is that he was brought into jail wearing a costume of Lieutenant Dangle from Reno 911.
  So this beloved football player in the Boston area is dressed in the short shirts.
  Friend of the podcast, Tom Lennon.
  Is he a friend of the podcast?  He's never been on.
  Oh, he's never been on, but we know him.
 A little, casually.
  I've spoken to him for 20 seconds or so.
  Sure.
 Yeah, I think that's enough.
  Great.
 Close enough.
  Well, we can say friend of the podcast, Nick Jennings, a man I grew up with, is a friend of the podcast.
  How's Nick doing?  Mini Mouse, friend of the podcast.
  Anyone we ever know is not just a friend of the podcast.
  That's not how that works.
  All right.
  Breck Eisner, friend of the podcast.
  Well, Breck, come on the show.
  Yeah, we do want Breck.
  Breck for sure is a friend.
  Anyway, a lot of debauchery has transpired at various health locations, and over the years, 15 locations have closed nationwide, but many are left, including at City Walk.
  And how would you guys evaluate your evening?  I will say that I, you know, when you get older, like me, I'm the oldest one of the three of us.
  Oh, is that right?  It is right.
 Is that you get a little tired sometimes when you're drinking.
  So it's not.
  I had a good time.
  I do think if I had gotten more sleep, I would have had a better time because I never got to the point where I was like, oh, wow, hell yeah.
  I'm drinking some blue liquid and I'm having a great time.
  I'm very excited.
  It was just kind of like a slow like, but it's not the fault of Howl at the Moon.
  I do feel like Howl at the Moon if I was a young person, if I was 22, 25 years old coming up there for Thursday night, I think I would have had a pretty decent time.
  The people there were very excited.
  I was expecting a place, honestly, on a Thursday night at City Walk to be like kind of sleepy.
  Not the case at all.
  Pretty wild, pretty rowdy, not wild, but like pretty, you know.
  You know, I didn't find it there.
  I never saw anything that sketched me out.
  Yeah, right.
  I didn't see people stumbling over.
  I didn't see sloppiness.
  No stabbings.
  A very nice gentleman named Connor came up to us.
  Yes.
  Shout out to Connor and his girlfriend.
  I was too far away to catch her name.
  Yes, I can't remember her name.
  But they came up to us and were very nice.
  And he was, he is a regular on Thursday nights because they have dollar beers.
  They have dollar Coors Lights.
  And I, for one, am no snob.
  I don't mind a Coors Light.
  Sure.
  But a buck a beer, that is a good deal.
  A very good deal.
  And I can see why you'd make a point of coming up the hill to get that.
  Great deal.
  I splurged, you know, I'm a thrifty man, but I cannot do, I do not like the taste of Coors Light,  but it was also a $4 Sky Vodka.
  Not bad.
  And I had a double Sky Vodka and then a single Sky Vodka.
  And so that's where I'm coming from.
  Yeah.
  So that's why you're getting hella political.
  Yeah, you're getting really rowdy.
  I'm getting hella political and saying, Hey, that guy that's not very funny sucks.
  So I was earlier in the day, I was looking through Howl at the Moon and I looked at Facebook.
  So this is the disappointment on at least my part.
  And on Facebook, there was an event and it says at Howl at the Moon Hollywood,  which is the one in Universal City.
  But tonight, according to Facebook, there was supposed to be something called a stoplight party.
  And I texted this excitedly to everyone because I looked it up.
  What are the terms?  And what that means is that everyone gets a wristband that is either red, yellow or green.
  So red would mean you're in a relationship.
  You're not looking for anyone.
  Yellow means it's complicated, like inquire, maybe it's possible.
  And green means go ahead.
  So I was very excited because Jason is, of course, single.
  Of course.
  I'm all about go ahead.
  And Jason is all about go ahead, according to him.
  Right, right, right.
  But I was very excited.
  With screen grab.
  And it says the Facebook event, zero going, zero shares, one interested.
  Yeah, but that's the case.
  And when we got up there and I looked around, I did not see any wristbands.
  So I feel like.
  No, no, that's what I'm saying.
  So there was a Facebook group here, or Facebook, excuse me, event, and they did not follow through.
  None of us got wristbands.
  I was excited to get a red wristband saying hands off, ladies.
  No hands off, gentlemen.
  I am taken.
  But Jason over here, green, go.
  Yeah, I was excited to give you the green light.
  I was very excited about it, but it did not happen.
  So that is the first thing really going into Hall of the Moon.
  I was disappointed that the stoplight party did not seem to be actually happening.
  But it didn't really seem like an environment for mingle.
  I feel like most people were watching the band.
  Like people weren't mingling.
  There was a lot of couples.
  There was a lot of groups.
  There was a lot of men that even as a man, I wouldn't leave my drink attended around.
  What does that mean?  Just a vibe.
  You get a vibe from certain kinds of men.
  What do you what kinds of men creeps?  I don't know what you want me to say.
  I don't know what you're like.
  I'm just I'm trying to remember.
  I feel like there was a big.
  Yeah, there were some creeps.
  I felt a strong possibility of one of the howl men slipping something into our big blue blue bucket full of curly.
  I have never I was not carrying the blue bucket full of blue liquid around because I like saw someone specific.
  If I was in an Applebee's full of priests, I would have still carried that blue bucket around because that's just how I'm wired.
  It's not.
  It has nothing to do with the clients.
  He's full of priests.
  If there was an Applebee's full of priests, they're having they're having they rented it out for the.
  Yeah, they can't.
  They're not drinking.
  I should have said honestly, I should have said nuns because priests have there's some creepy priests.
  Let's be honest for sure.
  Unless nuns are aggressive, but not in the way that the priest I trust is Lenny Bellardo, the young pope.
  Go fuck yourself, Jason.
  It's all coming out.
  I watched Michael.
  Sorry, I'm so sorry.
  We're salty.
  It's, you know, very late.
  I mean, by the way, you guys told me I'd be willing to stop this recording within the next 45 seconds.
  But let's everybody say whatever you feel like saying.
  What else about Hell at the Moon?  I have very little.
  You know, we were Connor, our listener told us he's very impressed by the band, by their musical dexterity.
  He was talking about that.
  Any request and they'll basically figure it out.
  And I agree.
  I'm impressed with them and no knock on them.
  I don't know if the dueling piano concept in general is anything that appeals to me.
  And you are guaranteed to hear a don't stop believing.
  Yeah, it was a good way to chase me out of anywhere.
  Was very savvy because he was saying him and his girlfriend, they live a few stops down the metro red line stop.
  So it's easy to pop on the train, have a few drinks, not worry about driving home, pop back on the red line to get home.
  So I thought that was smart.
  You're right.
  It is smart.
  Yeah.
  Good job.
  Not drinking drive.
  We got a notion of public transit.
  It's great.
 We got to talk about the patio, the care.
  So, OK, all right.
  Talk about the patio.
  Talk about the patio.
  Well, you wanted to know what else I go for.
  I died, but the clock stick.
  I investigated the patio.
  I stepped outside the house, the moon and one of the security guys said, oh, sir, I have to take that from you.
  Oh, yes.
  This is good.
  You're right.
  And they thank you.
  I deserve that apology.
  They took the drink and they're like, I was like, I wasn't sure what was going on.
  And they're like, oh, just right this way.
  And they like because there is a gap between the bar and the smoking patio.
  And they're like, and then they we we got to the patio area.
  They handed me back the drink and they're like that, like five feet is public property.
  So we have to take the drink and then give it back to you, which I thought was interesting.
  I've never experienced that before.
  So, yes, as you were coming outside, they would say, hey, put the drink on this little serving tray.
  And it was confusing because you're like, what are they talking about?  They would set it down.
  And then as you walk to the like three feet away, they would just surf it on their little serving tray to you and then go, here you go.
  Yeah.
  And it wasn't like I think I've been to one or two fancy restaurants where they put your drink on a little a little stone tablet and they carry it to your table.
  This was kind of that.
  But like it was essentially saying like, please stop getting hammered in the bar.
  Now you can get hammered in the battle.
  This was just getting by a liquor by like skirting by a liquor, skirting liquor law.
  That's all it was.
  A sheriff's station and the universal talent office, because that's what's in between hell and the moon.
  Yeah.
  So this it was fun.
  So like you could really make somebody like surf your drink back and forth, back and forth if you wanted to go in and out.
  But we were not so cruel.
  We would not do that.
  A little howl hack.
  A howl hack for you.
  Another howl hack.
  Hashtag howl hack.
  You can get five dollar woo woo shots.
  Did anybody see a woo woo shot being poured?  No.
  We were mostly in each other's sight lines.
  So I think you would have noticed if we had woo woo shots.
  I got the adios mofo drink.
  That's what it was called.
  Sky vodka.
  Cruzen.
  Cruzen rum.
  Cruzan rum.
  Sorry.
  This is the blue bucket.
  Yeah.
  The blue bucket.
  Cos cuervo especial tequila.
  Cos cuervo.
  Oh is that cool.
  Yeah.
  It's especially a relaxed version.
  Cos.
  Pinnacle gin blue.
  Pinnacle.
  By the way I'm looking at a flyer and the sponsors of this club.
  Pinnacle, Sky, and Bud Light.
  That makes a lot of sense.
  So we all got tricked and it tricked me into promoting their products right now.
  Sure.
  And people will now run out and try.
  They're like I want to try the liquor that Mike tried.
  Like I want it in the bucket.
  Mike's bucket.
  Yeah they definitely will.
  So they'll try that.
  Hey tap the Pinnacle everyone.
  So.
  I gotta say that bucket did not taste great.
  That was some shit.
  It was bad.
  And Mike didn't like it either.
  Although a very funny moment.
  I don't.
  We asked our bartender like do you like any of the bucket.
  Like any particular bucket.
  She was like I'm not gonna lie.
  This is a new menu.
  I got.
  I found out I was pregnant right before it was introduced.
  So I haven't tried any of them.
  And then we were all like well congratulations the buckets don't matter.
  Because that's so much more exciting.
  And then we're like.
  We were truly trying to make her feel good.
  About being pregnant and not being able to try the different buckets at Howl of the Moon.
  You should honor the sponsor and name the baby Sky.
  I think that it'll be nice that the baby will know all the covers of popular songs by the time it comes out.
  It'll have heard so many different versions of.
  Mike wanted to recommend some songs.
  Oh yeah.
  Well I tried first of all I thought it would be funny for the podcast if I put like down a Disney song and see what they would play it.
  And everyone made fun of me.
  And when I say everyone I mean you guys.
  It seemed too broad.
  It's a small world down thinking like OK maybe they won't know that but they'll know it to their like Disney song or something.
  And then you guys like shut up.
  They fuck you don't.
  Well I didn't think they were going to break from playing no scrubs to play.
  It's a small world.
  But maybe like oh it's a jokey little thing.
  One of the piano players would be like the do do do do do.
  And then we'd be able to talk about the podcast and be great content for the listeners.
  Well we're talking about this.
  So the failure.
  So I said OK fine.
  I'm an idiot.
  I'll put something down that maybe they will know.
  So I wrote down I'm trying to think of something like that would be kind of theme park related but also Disney related.
  And I wrote down life is a highway Rascal Flatts version.
  Which is a stronger joke.
  Like that's a better.
  I don't know that it's a strong joke.
  I just mean it's a pop more popular song that maybe like if they were like a lot of these are popular song a bunch of drunk universal cover version of the song.
  Right.
  Like more specific joke.
  So I put it down on the piano.
  I think I put a dollar down like as a tip like come on let's play this.
  And I know what a one dollar a yes no I'm in business.
  And I think the woman playing the piano she picked it up.
  I think she walked over to the other guy and maybe I'm project she looked annoyed and she showed it to the other guy.
  And I think they were just like waved it off and they never played it.
  They did not know that song.
  So like as much as Connor was like oh my god these people can play anything like they can play like 12 things.
  Let's be honest.
  They can play a bunch of you know popular number one song.
  They've heard it.
  To put it another way you manage to find a song lame enough that a dueling piano bar band refused to play it.
  I don't know if they refuse you cracked the code.
  But like that's a life with life as a highway was a hit before that like they should know life as a highway.
  So all I'm saying is like you like that song.
  No I don't like that song.
  You did.
  I like the original.
  Turn my attention this way.
  I like the original song.
  What's the original Rascal Flatts version.
  What's the original.
  Who does the original original.
  I think I have it in my head.
  They rolled their eyes because you said Rascal Flatts and their purists and they wanted to play the original song as it was meant to be played.
  The original song is by Tom Cochran Tom Cochran.
  Yeah and I liked it.
  Tom Cochran money now.
  Oh god.
  It was on the loop at the Hard Rock Orlando and I used to hear it all the time and I was like yeah the songs a banger.
  It's good.
  Was that also in the treadmill rotation when you were working out.
  Oh yeah it would.
  I think that was pre iTunes store.
  But yeah it would it would have been.
  Just Will Smith and Tom Cochran for you on the treadmill.
  Will Smith nod your head.
  Do you agree that with the sentiment that life is a highway.
  Yeah I think that's right.
  Here's.
  Sometimes look sometimes easy sailing you're doing a 65 just cruising along sometimes there's backup.
  Yeah.
  Sometimes you've had too many woo woo shots and you get pulled over.
  I had no woo woo shots.
  Thank you very much.
  I think I should call the lift now while we're on the air and then help us when the lift gets here.
  So we exactly that's what I'm saying.
  Swifter exit.
  So Scott you call the lift.
  Are we sharing one Jason.
  I think you have to.
  I think we are.
  OK.
  Well let's figure out this.
  So how let the moon.
  I mean you know what you're getting into whatever you imagine you're getting into.
  Yeah it was not as it was not honestly it was not as trashy as I thought it would be.
  I thought it would be kind of like trashy or aggressive and it was honestly just like you know some standard covers of things and like they were playing Maroon 5 this love and you know I don't know what you expected.
  I don't know what I expected either.
  I like I guess there's trashier bars like even in Chambord Illinois.
  We're like much more low rent and had like a shitty cover band and it felt much dingier.
  Yeah.
  By the way we got three minutes Abdul is coming.
  Okay.
  So what's this.
  This stone is appearing.
  Oh yeah there is.
  Oh my god sector 15 stone.
  It's in the shape of.
  Well it's been looking annoyed.
  This is also the stone now is zipping it's actually in the lift that you called.
  Oh yeah.
  So we have to go catch the stone now to make sure you're on time and we can get the tiny Lindsay annoyed with our volume at 2 a.
m.
  Almost.
  It's like one of us has a job in the morning and two of us do not.
  Can you guess which.
  Can you guess which.
  Extrapolating from listening to us.
  Well we wanted to go short.
  We went an hour and 15.
  Well life is a highway.
  Highway.
  All right.
  Well we'll catch you next time on sector 16 whatever that is.
  Tomorrow.
  Yep.
  Bye.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson Jason Sheridan Scott Gardner Brett Boehm Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
