 Forever.
.
.
  Dog.
  When your town has let you down  When your port has fallen short  When you're too worn out to run  And need some ribs or a Cinnabon  You need a place, a place for rock  A place for roll  A place where Oakland Raiders merch is sold  A sublime hot topic and billabong  A place where you can purchase a candy thong  So let's go take a walk  Let's all go to City Walk  Tonight, tonight  Let's go take a walk  Probably one of the first, probably the first podcast, The Ride, that has involved some intoxication.
  Not that we're all a mess, but on the good boy spectrum, you know, two to three drinks is getting up there.
  So I just want to be forthcoming, which has been a tradition in my life.
  If I've ever been slightly stoned and then I go out into public, I always immediately tell people,  I'm slightly stoned, so keep that in mind while I'm talking.
 Let me make you very uncomfortable with this assertion.
  I'm at the point where I already have like that headache kind of going on, I think.
  So I had like a drink and then as we'll find out, a drink I thought had alcohol in it, but I don't think did.
  It didn't?  I don't think it did.
  Do you think was it not even alcohol?  You drank two huge ice cream smoothies?  I'm pretty sure that I was tricked into ordering.
  That's our guest, Eva Anderson.
  Eva, you're the worst.
  Sorry.
  I'm just so shocked.
  Because as I was drinking and I go, there's nothing going on.
  What did you do?  A lot of things on the summer menu didn't have alcohol.
  You had to go to the bottom where it said like adult beverages.
  So you had two non-alcoholic drinks, because I gave it a taste and I told you it tasted like strawberry compote that would be on the top of IHOP pancakes.
  I have to look at this.
  He drank 64 ounces of like ice cream.
  This is almost as big a folly as what I did in this sector.
  Because you heard me say, oh, this is delicious.
 I love how this tastes.
  And obviously the reason is that there was no alcohol in it to ruin the taste of a sugary treat.
  You and my little sister.
  I'm pretty sure.
  I kind of look at the.
.
.
  We're getting ahead of ourselves.
  Get to the website while you.
.
.
  Here, let's be more inviting to Eva.
  Hi.
  Thanks for coming back.
  You're now a podcast, The Ride Luminary.
  I'm so excited.
  You know, you came here before to talk about the American adventure.
  Amazing.
  And now we're talking about some of America's most adventurous restaurants and chains.
  Yes.
  And we had a big adventure while enjoying these.
  And you requested this sector from a list of.
.
.
  Actually, I don't think you saw the full list as bestowed by the sector keeper.
  But before you knew what fell into what sector, your knee-jerk thoughts were Bubba Gumps and Tony Romas.
  Yes.
  I went to Tony Romas a lot as a child.
  I don't know why, but I ended up there a lot.
  So I had a very vivid memory of Tony Roma.
  At that one.
  And there were more Tony Romas around Los Angeles and the earth before then, but that specific.
.
.
  Yeah, I feel like it was a City Walk thing.
  And then I went to Bubba Gump once like four years ago and I was like, this place is fucking insane.
  And I showed up there just as Jay Leno was leaving, which to this day is like one of the biggest talk ciphers to me.
  Star sighting.
  What was he doing at Bubba Gump in City Walk?  Like he could eat anywhere.
  He's so rich.
  He's a man of the people.
  I had the full experience, the full Bubba Gump experience, and I was like, this is amazing.
  Wow.
  Because it really is.
  I currently feel.
.
.
  I think I'm.
.
.
  My mental pummeling is in thirds.
  One third is a tiny amount of alcohol.
  Another third is sun because it is horrible in Los Angeles right now.
  It's a horrible heat wave.
  And the other third is just that we all had a lunch where you could not look in any direction without 19 signs all screaming at you.
  Screaming things from the movie, Forrest Gump.
  From a movie that is.
.
.
  What's the.
.
.
  It's 24 years old.
  Also, 1900 calories apiece probably when you add up all that food.
  Oh my God.
  Should we throw to the sector here real quick to announce what is in this sector?  Please, oh great sector keeper, elucidate us.
  What are we talking about today?  Hello, boys.
  Hello, Eva.
  Today's sector is sector six.
  Tony Roma's, Bubba Gump, and Wasabi.
  Good luck.
  Okay, thank you, Forrest Gump.
  He seems nice.
  Yes, he's a sweetheart.
  And he's at it rough.
  And it's cool that he's able to be so nice.
  He's a child trapped in purgatory essentially forever having been poisoned by the City Walk fountains.
  Oh no.
  Yeah.
  So he's.
.
.
  It's cool he's still able to be nice and help us out.
  Mike, any progress in what you're looking up over there?  No, because I realize now that the menu I ordered off of was like a supplemental menu.
  There's no way to solve this problem.
  So on the main menu when I go to the Hollywood location, there's no record of the drink existing.
  So either you drank six shots of Everclear or none.
  Here's what I'm thinking too.
  The refill on the drink was $1.
50.
  It was $1.
50.
  There's no way an alcoholic drink refill is $1.
50 unless you've got some like Vegas seafood buffet thing going on where it's like all you can drink for 13.
.
.
  Well, see if you're a dirty alcohol glass.
  Give me your souvenir glass.
  I have a souvenir glass.
  See if you get any oomph of like a.
.
.
  It just smells like strawberries.
  It's just strawberries.
  I mean, a few of us all drank like strawberry sundaes.
  There's no way it wasn't just two Slurpees.
  There's no way.
  We all carpooled here after this outing and Mike was talking about something unrelated  and Jason caught, are you licking the sugar off of the rim of the souvenir glass?  Game recognize game friends.
  Which now it occurs to me, I was driving and I probably.
.
.
  Well, now we know it didn't have alcohol in it, so I would have been in the clear.
  But if a police officer had seen a sloppy man licking sugar off of a full glass, not even a can or something.
  I would love to breathalyze you right now.
  It's probably I'm fine.
  I probably could drive a car.
  You drink giant like four milkshakes.
  We should all try these.
  But they're all like Slurpees, so they're like less caloric than a milkshake.
  Are they?  Yes.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  But there at Bubba Gump?  Well, I saw and I announced to you guys before we started at Bubba Gump that I saw there's an icy machine behind the counter.
  So we could probably look up what like a medium to large icy is.
  Yes, there was an icy section on the menu.
  I didn't order it.
  Icy branded.
  Well, that's because also in New Orleans, there's like these daiquiri bars everywhere.
  Yes.
  We can walk around with a giant daiquiri as big as your head.
  My drink was topped with Mist Twist, which is the current branding for Sierra Mist.
  Oh, really?  My candy drink had Sierra Mist in it.
  Boy, my candy drink was the sweetest wine I've ever had.
  Yeah, you and your wife both just had a couple of glasses of white.
  You got Cupcake brand wine.
  I heard you.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Yeah.
  I've had it.
  It's good.
  That's the only wine that you can have.
  It's not as good as this just Slurpee I drank out of a.
.
.
  You lit up.
.
.
  You really specifically said, I love this drink.
  Yeah.
  Now we know.
  Now we know because there's no alcohol to ruin the taste of it.
  It was just sugar.
  You have no excuse for any sloppiness in this episode.
  Michael though demolished a skillet of mac and cheese and the waiter came back and was  surprised at how quickly it would that shrimp mac and cheese.
  I really haven't eaten very much today also.
  Yeah.
  Cool.
  Look, I'm not trying to make a show of myself.
  I'm not trying to be a spectacle, but maybe I made some interesting choices today.
  Okay.
  So should we go through the day chronologically?  I want to start with wasabi.
  Okay.
  Right.
  Because we didn't go to wasabi today, but I went to wasabi when this series was first  mentioned as a possibility.
  Am I breaking the timeline by alluding to that we aren't always doing these?  Mostly we've been at City Walk every day for the last six days.
  There's no way we could all go to three restaurants in the time we had.
  No.
  That's okay.
  There just isn't enough time on this earth, which is unfortunate.
  We'd all always love to go to three City Walk restaurants every single day.
  But when this, I did this as pre research, I went to wasabi, which is a restaurant that  serves sushi food at City Walk.
  And I wanted to get something, you know, it's pretty just basic and I wanted to get something  you could only get at City Walk.
  That was a little unusual.
  And so I got the Terminator role, which is of course-  Are they named after all universal properties or things that would be in the park?  There are only three things on the menu that are universal related.
  One is the universal role.
  One is the spicy Hollywood role.
  And one is the Terminator, which is spicy tuna wrapped with salmon and avocado topped with  jalapenos, seven flavored chili, chili oil, ponzu, sriracha, and green onions.
  Hasta la vista, baby.
  So this is a menu item themed after an attraction that has not been at Universal Studios for  five to seven years.
  I'm not sure exactly.
  And it was good and not a level of spicy through me.
  And is that all I have to say about wasabi?  It had sake that was enjoyable.
  The service could have been a little faster.
  And that's maybe the end.
  I don't know.
  I think one interesting fact might be that Panda Express has a Panda Inn.
  And one of the only existing Panda Inns still in the world is wasabi.
  Oh.
  It's owned by that company.
  And there's only like four or five of them.
  Oh, yeah.
  Because there used to be a Panda Inn next to it, but that's Dong Po Kitchen now.
  Yeah.
  So anyway.
  So it's one of those odd offshoots of Panda Express that is not particularly-  That's sushi.
  Taking off.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  So they haven't done the best job of branding these spin-offs or what?  Although didn't we determine, although maybe this one's in the future.
  I think it's in the future.
  All right.
  Save it.
  Save Panda Express facts.
  Oh, is there a Panda Express in CityWalk?  Yes.
  So you guys have to do Dong Po Inn and wasabi inn.
  But they're in different sectors.
  So-  Yeah.
  I'll be next week.
  So yeah.
  The sector keeper would be very unhappy if we crossed sectors and didn't talk about the  ones in this one.
  However, I am curious before we get into the places that we went together, any other CityWalk  stores or restaurants that you are a fan of in other sectors.
  Or yeah, experiences at CityWalk.
  I really liked that fountain, which makes me sad that when I was a kid that a sector  keeper died there.
  Yeah.
  That's unfortunate.
  I always go to Howl of the Moon, the piano bar before I go to Horror Nights.
  Oh boy.
  Oh yeah.
  I don't say my opinion about it, but it is always the place I go.
  And I remember in the nineties, there was like a, not nineties, the oh-ohs.
  There was like a very weird bookstore there.
  Upstart Crow?  Yes.
  Was it called Upstart Crow?  At some point in time.
  That was the one with the coffee bean in it?  Yeah.
  It was like a fancy, a fancy coffee, like fancy bookstore.
  Yeah.
  Or just like fake fancy.
  And I think that was in the era when they were trying to pretend that CityWalk was a  real city.
  Yeah.
  Because there was a time when they actually polled residents and said, what would you  want out of a development like this?  And they said, education, which is why there's a UCLA extension up there.
  Maybe no longer.
  I think it's not.
  No longer functioning, but there were classrooms up there.
  Oh, my mind is blown.
  The sign's still there.
  You could go there, take classes, go to Upstart Crow.
  Yeah.
  It was like a whole quad thing.
  Yeah, you could do your homework in Red Esses.
  It was a whole.
  Yeah.
  Howl at the, and then you go to Howl at the Moon.
  And then you could buy a store that has giant things in it.
  Have we talked about that in any of these?  No, I don't think so.
  I don't know what sector it was in.
  Also, I'll just include it in sector six.
  But my friend Tyler, I believe said there was a store that sold big things, which is  the close, related to my nightmare of gigantism.
  No, yeah, you wouldn't like that.
  Yeah.
  And it was presumably in a closed off space.
  But I don't know.
  Did he list an example?  Maybe you could buy a big pencil.
  A big wine.
  I remember a couple of knickknack stores back in Ithaca, like one had a giant wine glass  in the center.
  It might've been like kitchen and cooking supplies, but there was also like a comically  large wine glass or.
  Hmm.
  There were several places at Ithaca.
  No, just one.
  Okay.
  I was trying to remember what it sold.
  And I know they sell ones too, like novelty ones where it's like, it's a big wine glass  and it holds a full bottle.
  That's fun.
  Yeah.
  That is fun.
  But why would you ever, how would that be deployed?  Oh, well, like once at a party and then put in a closet.
  Have you ever guys ever seen that picture of Jonathan Gold when he won the Pulitzer  Prize?  No.
  He's drinking out of a wine glass that big and it's pouring all down his chest.
  Oh man.
  Doing it upright.
  Yeah.
  It's, it's, it's shocking.
  It's great.
  I mean, it's a man who just won a Pulitzer, the first ever Pulitzer prize for food criticism,  just like living it up.
  But it is an insane photo.
  He was number one.
  He was the first.
  Yeah.
  For food criticism.
  I mean, other people won for other types of criticism, but he was the first one.
  Do we know if he's ever weighed in on a city walk establishment?  He did a very funny review of like 10 years ago of Olive Garden that he did on April Fool's.
  Okay.
  But it was, it was pretty funny.
  I might just casually while we're talking, I might see if Jonathan Gold's ever do that  Google search.
  Jonathan Gold, Pulitzer prize wine glass and did not get a picture.
  Just look up Jonathan Gold wine glass.
  I did.
  What?  That was the first thing I didn't want to, I just edited myself.
  Getting images has this lockdown.
  Well, we'll figure that out.
  Um, he's maybe he's talked about David Chang, who is, is David Chang the owner of, um, Ludo.
  He talks about Ludo all the time.
  Okay.
  Oh yeah.
  But he hasn't specifically reviewed Ludo.
  He loves David Chang, loves Ludo.
  Okay.
  Um, but Hey, we're talking, we have two, two of the finest restaurants in Los Angeles,  America to cover today.
  And we went to, we went to both of them.
  Did you find a picture about winning Pulitzer?  Did I spell his name?  Here it's guys.
  Just look at it really quick.
  Yeah.
  That's worth the pass around.
  That's great.
  And it's like, show it to me.
  Google Jonathan Gold.
  Oh God.
  That's we're like, it's just Jonathan Gold Pulitzer.
  I'll get you there.
  I'll get you the first picture that comes up.
  I thought it would be, uh, well, that's what we'll do when we win the Pulitzer for city  blogger based podcasts.
  Uh, we'll head back up to Tony Roma's and do it all over again.
  Um, so Tony Roma's, huh?  Tony Roma's.
  Um, why do you think you ended up there all the time?  Um, I think my, um, I think, I think the eighties was, am I wrong to think the eighties was  all about people who were into ribs?  Like a little more than they are now eighties and nineties.
  I don't think for sure I was way into ribs.
  Shelly spent a lot of money marketing ribs.
  Yeah.
  And reading the Tony Roma story, cause he's, you know, is it still called Tony Roma's a  place for ribs?  Maybe not.
  That was the name of it for a long time.
  They might've yanked that for the sake of broadening out.
  Yeah.
  So it was a very like rib centric restaurant.
  I remember you would just go there and get racks of ribs and onion loaves and, um, reading  about it, uh, Tony Roma was the, the food culinary manager for the playboy club.
  Is that what it said?  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Colony director.
  So that, then he opened that his restaurant in, was it Dallas or was in Florida?  Miami is what I saw.
  In Miami.
  Yeah.
  Um, and yeah.
  And then they had ribs as like a weekend item, but then everyone loved them.
  So they became like an everyday thing.
  Oh, it was, yeah.
  They like tried it out one time and it took off like a lightning.
  Yeah.
  There's like a lot of baby back ribs being tossed around in those days.
  They were very trendy.
  Nobody got ribs at either of these places.
  I have in the past gotten ribs, but I did not today.
  We did have the onion loaf.
  We had the onion.
  That was tasty.
  I've had, I've eaten a brisket sandwich there and I've had some ribs.
  Was it good?  I look, I don't want to give my sum up already, but again, fine is the answer for most of  what Tony Romans has to offer.
  It's fine.
  It's fine.
  Right.
  Well, I will say that we walked in, it was not very full and it was like a Saturday afternoon.
  It was one 30 right at the end of the lunch rush.
  It was probably about a half to a third full.
  It's not what I would describe it as less than lively.
  Unlike the place we would go after.
  Yes.
  Which we said the name of multiple times.
  Yeah, lively, spoiler.
  Spoiler, it's bubblegum shrimp.
  It doesn't touch.
  Yeah.
  So like I've had the ribs there and they were fine.
  Like they are, you know, chain ribs.
  Like maybe the Chili's level, maybe Chili's level of ribs is at least is what I had, you  know, a year or two ago when you'd find yourself in a Tony Roma's at CityWalk.
  Be sure to sampler platter today with chips and salsa and what was the dip?  There was some spinach dip.
  There was an onion loaf as said.
  And potato skins.
  Potato skins.
  I haven't had a potato skin in a long time.
  I once declared my favorite food when I really specifically wanted to go to TGI Fridays as  often as possible.
  You declared that was your favorite food?  Yeah.
  It was always my graduation present for middle school or elementary school.
  I would go to TGI Fridays and get potato skins.
  That was also my favorite restaurant.
  I liked TGI Fridays a lot.
  Very reliable skins and sampler platters there.
  That's funny because that actually makes me think of when I would eat ribs, which is when  my grandparents would take us out for some sort of event, graduation or like a birthday  and we go to a place called Dover Straits.
  It was a seafood restaurant and I would always order ribs.
  I'd order a whole slab of barbecue ribs and eat all of them.
  The half slab versus the full slab is like an emotional decision you have to make.
  It's a lot of ribs.
  The full slab of ribs, which I have not attempted in many years and I don't eat ribs often,  but maybe once or twice a year.
  The full slab really looks like an animal.
  It's a full animal.
  You could imagine, it just looks so intimidating.
  It just like, Jason's looking at me like, would you eat a full slab of ribs?  No, I don't think I could pull that off.
  Unless it was ribs a la carte, I guess.
  But then I think I'd probably fill up or get sick of ribs.
  I'm very logy.
  This much fried food and a couple of drinks, one of which was essentially a strawberry  sundae.
  It's a lot on my body.
  What did you all drink at Tony Romus?  I had a Romerita, which was not as, I could have gone premium Romerita and I'm glad I  didn't.
  Eva drank a glass of black ink.
  It was a purple?  It was purple.
  It was a purple martini and it was delicious.
  It tasted like a grape something.
  I had a cherry hurricane.
  Oh yes.
  Which had a bunch of rum in it.
  You got the drink that the bartender said, this is a little much for everybody.
  Yeah.
  That, please.
  He for sure said that was the one to not get because it was too sweet.
  I said, well, I have to try that.
  Then he did it and he made it for me and he goes, this is going to be strong.
  He goes, and he kept asking, is it bad?  Is it okay?  If you want something different, I will give you something different.
  He kept saying that to me.
  Did it taste like medicine?  It looked like it did.
  Well, rum to me always generally tastes like medicine.
  Wait, like cherry, with cherry it seems like it would taste like Ropitosa.
  Like cough syrup or something?  No.
  It tasted, honestly it tasted like any chain restaurant rum drink.
  I think he accidentally poured too much rum in it though, which I think probably that  slight intoxication is what made me think the drink I was drinking at Bubba Gump made  like, I feel like I was feeling the effects of that drink while I was drinking this non-alcoholic  slushy drink going, wow, I'm getting fucked up.
  And then getting a mild sugar rush from just how sweet it was.
  Can I read you guys something?  This is what I was looking for in my phone.
  I'm sorry, I looked rude.
  But I found this earlier and I had to dig through a website to find it again.
  So from this website called The Balance, it's a list of Tony Roma's mission statement and  the way they train their employees.
  And so the mission statement, okay, here's the thing.
  Okay, so The Balance seems like it's analyzing every restaurant's mission statement in a  cool way where they're like, this one works, this one doesn't.
  The Tony Roma's mission statement does one thing that every good mission statement should  do.
  It defines the motivation that all employees should have behind everything they do by clearly  defining the goal that is the most important thing of the company.
  In this case, the ultimate goal to Tony Roma's is guest loyalty.
  The mission statement of Tony Roma's restaurant is great food delivered by professional friendly  team members resulting in guest loyalty, dot, dot, dot worldwide.
  Along with this mission statement, Tony Roma's has identified qualities that expects its  employees to demonstrate in order to do things the Tony Roma's way.
  Although these qualities are not labeled as such, in essence, these PICI squared, so there's  PICI and then a little two, qualities could be considered service standards.
  The Tony Roma's PICI squared qualities are passion, intelligence, compassion, integrity,  intensity.
  Wow.
  Well, that first of all, for part of the family now, Marone, welcome.
  I've never heard intensity as part of like any mission statement for any restaurant,  especially like a ribs restaurant.
  That's like a third fall.
  What does that even mean?  What's intensity mean?  I don't like an intense weight.
  I want to chill late.
  The first thing I think of about the whole thing is the loyalty thing, which of course  makes me think of Trump and like what he would say to James Comey at dinner that he wanted  loyal, he demanded loyalty from him.
  So like that's the first thing.
  And then yeah, these, the language is very severe.
  Yeah.
  It is a thing that like dumb guys talk about a lot, like loyalty family.
  Well, wasn't, wasn't the restaurant like mostly invested in by like the owner of the Dallas  Cowboys or someone like that?  Oh, I think I caught that.
  Yeah.
  So it was like the Playboy Club guys opened it and then the, I'm blanking out his name,  but he was like, I think the owner of the Dallas Cowboys and he came to eat there and  he was like, I'm paying for everything.
  It's a franchise now.
  So he franchised out Tony Romus.
  Gotcha.
  And it seems like loyalty is a thing that like an owner of a sports team would care  about.
  And so same with intensity, but it's not the same as like a rib man who's making ribs for  rib people and onion loaves.
  Imagine like being the person who writes these mission statements and the people who carry  out these mission statements, not the, the thing I can imagine being is being like a  server or bartender at a place and like rolling your eyes and leaving and complaining about  it at the end of the day.
  The people who drink the Kool-Aid for these restaurants, I don't, I cannot wrap my head  around the kind of person you have to be to like, because we're all about compassion.
  That one's important.
  Don't forget compassion in the list.
  I know it's in the middle, so you might forget it.
  It's overshadowed by those last two eyes, but compassion's a big one.
  What were the last two eyes?  Sorry.
  Intensity, intensity, integrity, integrity and intensity.
  This is what's crazy too is the other thing this reminds me of is there's a professional  wrestler named Kurt Angle.
  He was a real gold medal winner.
  He won the gold medal in amateur wrestling and he joined WWE and his catch phrase that  he would say on WWE TV was his three eyes and they were intelligence, integrity and  intensity.
  So those are very similar to the Tony Roma.
  So there's an Olympic thing about intensity and integrity that is carried over through  this sportsman into the Tony Roma's like whatever video you have to watch when you get hired  at Tony Roma's.
  Cause I remember when I worked at California pizza kitchen, we had to watch like days of  videos about just making us understand like their whole take on it.
  Right.
  Cause every take is different and some are better than others.
  Some people say intensity.
  Some people say family.
  I don't know.
  But aren't they all just swirling around the same sauce?  They're just delivering food to people and asking them what they want a drink.
  This is why you most want to be working at like some guy's restaurant.
  He's never had time to make a video cause he's been running the restaurant.
  He's been doing real things.
  He's back there cooking and doing it.
  I'm suspicious of any entity that refers to their family or their community.
  Like I'm immediately suspicious.
  Well it's a mob thing, right?  Yeah, it's mob.
  It's crazy.
  It's like the Playboy club was probably had a weird Sinatra mob connection anyway.
  Of course.
  If he was cooking for the Playboy club, he's cooking for all sorts of bad, bad, bad.
  That was one of the first Atlantic city casinos was the Playboy casino back in 76 when they  legalized gambling.
  Not good.
  And what's funny is Tony Roma's this location, which I don't think there was one you said  in the valley somewhere else.
  Yeah, I used to go in and see.
  They can't have any vibe of the Playboy club at Tony Roma's and at City Walk.
  But on the wall, the pictures, there's some wise guys hanging out in the pictures a little  bit.
  But you really can't tell unless you walk up to them.
  So it's the least aggressive, but it's a little nod to Tony's past, I feel like.
  We are living in a post Gotti world.
  The Gotti movie is out.
  Are they seeing a spike in business at Tony Roma's from like, you know, respect.
  It's about respect.
  Intensity, integrity.
  Intensity, integrity.
  That's what I look for in my capos.
  Let me tell you something.
  Tony Roma's is the greatest restaurant in the face of the earth.
  You don't understand this.
  Oh boy.
  Have you seen, has anyone seen Gotti?  I saw it.
  We saw it.
  Yeah, we saw it together.
  I forgot you hit and run.
  I ran in and ran.
  Should I see it?  If I like bad things.
  Yeah, you do.
  Yeah, you would like it.
  But it gets boring.
  It is more boring than you would think.
  Except for that beginning makes you think you're watching the best movie that's ever happened.
  Okay.
  I might see half of it.
  You know what you should do actually?  Go see the beginning and then leave 15 minutes in, go get a drink at a McGuffin's type bar,  a bar in a movie theater.
  And then go back in, try to time it to see the last 20.
  You heard it here first.
  This is how to watch Gotti in a movie theater.
  And that's how you got a Gotti.
  I'm going to do it.
  We saw it on a Monday night and it was packed.
  The theater was full.
  There's no space.
  People believe that campaign.
  They're like, don't listen to critics.
  Listen to your own heart.
  Yeah.
  Go see it.
  Who cares?  Just like John did.
  There was a very odd, the man next to me that he sat down with, he was like, I'm going  to go see the movie.
  I'm going to go see the movie.
  I'm going to go see the movie.
  There was a very odd, the man next to me that he sat down later than we, than I did.
  And I sat down pretty late in the previews.
  He did not stop heavy breathing for 45 minutes.
  He was beaten off.
  If he was beating off, he started before he got in the theater.
  Just the idea.
  I could have been in the outfit.
  I could have been one of the man.
  John Gotti was a real man who existed.
  He stood up to his damn kids.
  Which I'm unwilling to do.
  You know, the best stuff in Gotti is the real life footage of people like in the neighborhood  that were like, John Gotti ain't so bad.
  He kept the neighborhood good.
  He should leave.
  He should get out of jail.
  Like just there's plenty of real life footage of those type of guys and just like some really  funny characters, like just tearing the neighborhood up when he goes to jail.
  But then he, those are the real people and that happens towards the end of the movie.
  And so, but until this point, you haven't heard the idea or seen it presented that Gotti  was a good man.
  So all you've seen him do, one time he did a fireworks show and when the cops said stop,  he was like, yeah, get out of here.
  And then they did.
  And then that's really good.
  The rest of the movie is like beating his children.
  So what they know, if he was a good man, they never conveyed it with his actions.
  But I go out to be careful because did you see what happened where our friend who we,  I'm not going to name for the sake of his own life, our friend tweeted something bad  about the movie and within 30 minutes was like in a Twitter thread with Gotti's daughter.
  Whoa.
  Yeah.
  Don't, we're in trouble.
  Why are we even talking about this?  We should not talk about this.
  We're going to be dead by the time.
  We're not going to make it to sector 12.
  I'm not a fucking rat.
  Okay.
  Can I say, I keep thinking about how maybe the reason that Tony Roma is popular with  wise guys because they're imagining that they like killed, put a hit on somebody, skin them  and are now nippling their little ribs.
  Oh, wow.
  That's interesting.
  Their bloody ribs with their bloody hands that they then get a little wipey towel to  wipe off.
  And that's like, don't use your sleeve.
  Don't use the wipey things.
  Have a little thing that say don't use a sleeve on them.
  So my thing is I think I saw the two main demographics at a Tony room is when we were  there one, it's families who were like, oh, let's go somewhere nice today.
  Yeah.
  And I saw a couple of big families eating lunch there.
  The other thing was I saw a guy in the classic khakis plaid shirt, blue blazer.
  I am traveling for business, probably staying at the Hilton just across the street and just  wanted a decent lunch that he could expense account to.
  I think those are the two main.
  You didn't see any gangsters eating the ribs of his enemies?  No, those gang.
  Those are probably like the wannabe guys working in the back of the house.
  They go to the Valley.
  Yeah, they were in the old Tony.
  That's the real Tony Tony.
  The third Tony's I know in the Valley.
  You know, they've tried to get away from this.
  This image.
  So we all associate it with mobsters eating their enemies flesh.
  This is what mobsters do.
  They kill them and they just eat the ribs.
  There's that scene in Gotti where he eats his enemies ribs.
  No, no, no, no, no.
  Hey, Vincenzo, put it on the grill.
  Cook this guy's rib cage up.
  And they're bloody so your hands get bloody.
  More gravy for my enemies ribs, please.
  Yeah, so what?  John Gotti ate the ribs of his enemies.
  Who cares?  He shouldn't be in jail.
  Free John Gotti.
  He's a good man.
  He had integrity.
  He had intensity.
  I'm just trying to eat my enemies fucking ribs.
  Classic scenes from the classic film.
  So what they've basically they've tried to do a rebrand in the last couple of years.
  It's not happening.
  It's not happening.
  It's so specifically hasn't happened.
  Let me tell you something I ran into.
  I found this really boring.
  I was trying to find YouTube videos of Tony Romas and I found this really boring corporate  video that was about how they're rebranding to be TR fire grill.
  They're taking one of the one of the locations in Orlando and that's going to be the base  of operations for the new model of Tony Romas, TR fire grill.
  And this is part of a wave of restaurants doing this kind of thing.
  I didn't learn until this bit of research that Hooters has tried to do a casual Hooters  in Chicago only.
  And it is it is called Hoots.
  Does anyone is this come across anyone's desk?  No, I don't know anything about Hoots.
  So all of these when you guys go to Schomburg, you should go to Hoots.
  We will.
  That will definitely be part of Schomburg.
  Yeah, it's still around, but it just hasn't expanded.
  There might also there are TR fire grills.
  One of them is in Hawaii and one of them is in Malaysia.
  So is it like fast casual ribs?  Because that's the least fast casual food ever.
  You don't want them to be fast and you know, like someone just like, OK, drops like you  put a little number on your table, someone drops a slab of ribs and then you and they're  like, this is your enemy's ribs.
  They give you a quick sheet of the bullet points of his back story and why you'd want  to eat him.
  Why you'd want to lick his blood up.
  He was a bum and didn't respect no one.
  All right, enjoy your ribs.
  No integrity, no intensity.
  No integrity, no integrity.
  Oh, good.
  That's those are against my values.
  Anyway, this was this is something that the company Tony Romas parent company Roma Corp  Inc.
 tried to do.
  And I watched this boring video about it and there's this guy rambling on, running his  mouth.
  His name is Stephen K.
 Judge.
  He is kind of ambiguously European.
  He's a British, I guess British.
  I can't tell.
  It's just a snooty accent.
  I don't think this guy has integrity or intensity.
  He's going on and on about this is going to be this is like and I even do the vague European.
  This is going to be the model of the Tony Romas for the next five to seven years.
  This is the direction that we are going and this is base of operate.
  People want millennials.
  They want the best casual dining experience and going on.
  This is the boring eight minutes of this bullshit about how T.
R.
  Fire Grills, the future of Tony Romas.
  Not only are there only two of these, not only did this crash and burn this guy repping  this thing, Stephen K.
 Judge, but the video I watched was from October 3rd, 2016 by June  21st, 2017.
  He was out the fucking door.
  He's now the president of Cafe Operations for Hard Rock Cafe.
  Oh, no.
  So what right does this punk have Stephen K.
 Judge to go around talking about the five  to seven year plan for Roma Corp and then it fails.
  He torches the whole thing and leaves, goes to his his hot new mistress Hard Rock Cafe  and his second guy in command, the VP, the regional VP of Operations, Dave Cully.
  He moved to Steak and Shake.
  So these guys, how dare they take a beloved brand of a family and intensity and they flush  the whole operation down the toilet with some half assed millennial gastropa.
  They read one article about what millennials want and then they change the whole thing  around.
  Massive failure.
  The whole company is in jeopardy now and they go and get other jobs.
  Man fucked up.
  I'm furious for days and I'm glad I could finally talk about.
  Yeah, sorry.
  You had to deal with that.
  Yeah, and their wife for their gum.
  It's just terrible.
  It's just unheard of.
  No compassion, no compassion, no respect, no loyalty, no loyalty.
  John Gotti kept the neighborhood together.
  Stephen K.
 Judge tore the neighborhood apart.
  It's not even a place for ribs anymore.
  We don't know what it is.
  Can we just go to plus it?  Can we plus this up?  Can we just call it Gotti's or can we call it?  Let's lean back into the I think we take it back.
  Take it back.
  This T.
R.
 fire grills bullshit because they're not even putting the great Tony Roma's name  in it anymore.
  I mean, the bug main would just tell us to bring back the worms and dirt.
  If I'm remembering correctly, this is where the children's dessert worms and dirt.
  Oh, that used to be there.
  Oh, it was created in Tony Roma's?  I don't know it was created, but at least served.
  Like dump cake kind of like it looks like.
  Yeah, it's just like pudding and gummy worms.
  I mean, I would love that.
  And the little Oreo crumbles.
  I want more goombas.
  Yeah, yeah, there's a we haven't done it yet, but I don't know why we would, because it's  just a restaurant and we're not a restaurant review show.
  No, Portillo's in Buena Park, which is a very theme parky area.
  And there's of course many portals where I come from.
  They have a gangster theme inside.
  People love it.
  The one in Buena Park specifically.
  There's mannequins with Tommy guns.
  There's bootleg and stuff.
  Why is this not in the Tony Roma's?  Why are they trying to get away from it?  Isn't stealing a restaurant idea something that somebody with no integrity and no intensity  would do?  Maybe intensity.
  It sounds like they already don't have integrity.
  Yeah, I want it to be a more threatening Bucatabepo.
  Sure.
  You should feel unwelcome.
  Yeah, you should be a little scared.
  You're on your toes.
  It does seem a little out of place in city.
  I don't know out of place is the right word, but it does seem like it should be gone.
  You want it gone.
  You want it.
  I don't think it should be there anymore.
  It's old.
  I agree that it should be gone unless there's a whole change over in thinking and you come  in and everyone's pinstripe suits and there's a whole theming and you get like the great  movie ride, 30s gangster comes up and serves you, you know, era appropriate food and drink.
  Bugsy.
  It could be bugsy.
  I'm not saying.
  Yeah, it has to be.
  I would love that.
  I would go there once a month.
  Yeah, because right it is now is just like a very generic space with a couple of pictures  on the wall and then like a red curtain around the ceiling.
  Like very minimalist.
  We had a lovely bartender.
  Oh wait, Scott, tell me the thing you learned about the original position of it in city  walk.
  Oh, there was a the venue that shifted from that ended up as Saddle Ranch.
  And before that was something called Womp Hop, Pompers, Womp, Pompers or majors hoppers.
  I'll put an extra M in Womp, Pompers.
  And then also was the other one country star restaurant.
  The failed Hard Rock Cafe, but just for country.
  That's what that was.
  OK, well, that was the first time I ever went to Universal Studios.
  That was a Tony Roma's.
  I got two story Tony Roma's.
  Yeah, it was massive.
  That was a giant.
  And if you ever anybody went to Saddle Ranch while it was there, there are many, many.
  I feel like they had capacity for 700 people.
  It was a compound at Saddle Ranch.
  Wow.
  There were rooms aplenty for a Gotti like figure to do business.
  He could have like all 20 of his associates in there and that wouldn't even that would  only take up, you know, 10 percent of the restaurant.
  And that's the one I went to.
  That's why I thought it was cool.
  Oh, OK.
  Now, was you did go to that one?  Yeah, I remember the ceiling being lower, though.
  OK.
  And then when we went to, I was like because it was there was a lot of floors.
  Well, it was it was the Saddle Ranch building.
  The Saddle Ranch was not two floors, I don't believe.
  I well, I don't know if they let you up.
  Maybe at the time they let you on at the second floor.
  I just wasn't even aware.
  I just remember it was giant and very ornate and it had that 80s restaurant thing where  it's very brown and brick and production design like a restaurant hula hands.
  Oh, I've been to hula hands.
  Yeah, it was that one that warm, you know, that way when Sizzlers used to be fancier  and really heartfelt.
  It sounds like this was a good version of Tony Roma's.
  I liked it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I remember that.
  So that must be why you buy either of us have affection for it is it was that we go to that  fucking place we went today.
  You just shoved in some corner of this dumb mall.
  Yeah, that place has no history, no family, doesn't tie the neighbor together.
  Nice bartender, though.
  Oh, yeah.
  He was nice.
  He tried to get me to not have that drink and he was very nice to do so.
  But I was stubborn and insisted on finishing all of it.
  And look at you now.
  That was high off the alcohol that was only in that drink.
  Well, we should move on to number two, as we've talked about, you know, obviously, theming  a restaurant off of a very specific film is an idea we're passionate about.
  And you know, long before there was Gotti's, eventually there was Bubba Gump Shrimp Company.
  Bubba Gump Shrimp Comp.
  Which was I've always wondered what the deal was, like, why?  Why is this?  And it's that is it Paramount or Universal who made the movie?  Paramount.
  Paramount approached the Rusty Pelican chain and was like, will you make a Bubba Gump restaurant?  And so they it was their idea.
  Originally, they were like, we're going to license.
  It's never been done since.
  Right.
  That's just a movie.
  One movie.
  I don't think so.
  We're going to make a we're going to make a restaurant off this movie we got.
  You just came up with a plan.
  And they said a year later, Rusty Pelican came back and was like, OK, Rusty Pelican,  I guess is like it's a Newport Beach.
  It's like a seafood restaurant.
  They came back with a plan.
  They opened the first one and then the rest is history.
  Yeah, it seems like an idea now that would be just like people are opening up like that  saved by the Bell restaurant.
  Yeah, it's a big thing.
  Theme parks now is back to like themed restaurants and experiences.
  It seems like a dumb thing that would happen now.
  You go, did you hear they're making a forest?  Oh, man, they're really running out ideas to make a Forrest Gump restaurant.
  I know that happened like 15, 20 years ago.
  They never would, though, because the affection, any affection for Forrest Gump was left in  the 1990s.
  And in fact, it's so commonly cited with the hindsight of history is how does that get  all the Academy Award attention?  Not Pulp Fiction.
  It's obviously the wrong and it's not like a location in the movie.
  You like, oh, you could only go.
  There's no location in the movie.
  You hear about it like vaguely.
  Yeah.
  No, it's like Bubba Gump wants.
  Bubba wants to open it.
  He does open it.
  Do you ever get to see it?  No, I don't think you ever say it.
  You hear about it.
  Yeah, you vaguely hear about it.
  It's a line in a movie and they made all franchise out of it.
  A restaurant franchise.
  It's insane.
  Yeah.
  I love shrimp and how he drank.
  What's the percentage of people that go into it that don't know it's related to Forrest  Gump?  I bet it's very high.
  Well, it reminds me of the Bill and Ted show at Universal, where most of the people there  only knew about Bill and Ted from the Bill and Ted show.
  Like most of the teenagers there were not born yet when there was a Bill and Ted movies.
  They're like, oh yeah, Bill and Ted, those guys from the show at Universal.
  Right.
  Yes.
  So now kids go to the restaurant.
  They go, oh, this movie about those people from the restaurant.
  Yes.
  So it's kind of it's reversed now.
  And there's details of this that are, I mean, all over the walls, there's photos of the  obscured characters.
  I saw a framed photo of, I only remember who it was because she was on, she was on SNL  for a season.
  Shabon Fallon is this actress's name.
  She's a mean bus driver in the movie.
  Oh my gosh.
  She was framed on the wall.
  Yeah.
  I mean, she's a chain smoking bus driver has a tribute within this, this location of Bubba  Gump.
  Also, there's a photo of young Jenny framed in one area that it took me a second to be  like, who am I looking at?  Young Jenny.
  There's a fake sign for a forest is company, I believe from the army.
  Oh, who was in the bathroom?  And then photos of you start seeing photos of Haley Joel Osment.
  And until you guys cracked it for me, he's the kid.
  He's for a son who is the subject of the line.
  Is he like me?  Which I keep thinking about keeps coming up for me in the recent pet, which is funny that  Haley Joel Osment was that this very uncomfortable moment with this, this handicapped child.
  And then he's also the kid from Walker gave me, Walker says I have AIDS from the famous  shown on Conan Walker, Texas.
  Haley Joel Osment had a rough and all these parts.
  But he also, he's not like for us.
  He's smart.
  Oh yes.
  Yeah.
  That's what he is breaking down thinking he had a special son and so I know he's very  smart.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Haley handled these heavy, heavy, heavy scenes for a young actor and he's tributed through  framed photos.
  It's the same photo like five times all over the restaurant.
  It is like, first of all, I will be honest, I had never been in this restaurant.
  Were you shocked by like the theming of it?  I was not shocked, but very impressed because it seems like they could, again, nobody really  walks in here going, well, we got to go to that line, that restaurant from the line in  the movie from 25 years ago.
  They're just like, well, shrimp, I like shrimp.
  And they go inside.
  So I figured they can get away with something that's much more Tony Roma's esque as far  as theming is concerned.
  Yeah.
  So when it was in there and I'm like, wow, they really like did it up.
  And like, if you're a nerdy forest gum fan, there's something for you in here.
  Yeah.
  And it's also like, if you like TGI Friday, like OG TGI Friday, like crazy crap on the  walls, there's crazy crap everywhere.
  Did you guys see, did you guys notice the racks of hot sauces on the walls that were  not present on the table?  Oh, really?  Have you ever gone to like a fish restaurant or like a honky tonk or something?  And it's like, we got lots of kinds of hot sauces.
  Like that is a kind of restaurant that I've been to.
  And this seemed like it had the simulation of that because there was hot sauces like on  the walls, but like high up.
  From what I could see, there was only one kind of hot sauce on our table.
  Yeah, it was like a Tabasco and I had to dig around in a bucket to find it.
  Yeah.
  So if Bubba Gumps was a legitimate restaurant, like just somebody's homegrown restaurant,  where would you, when you, if you were to buy into the story of the restaurant, where  are you?  Myrtle Beach.
  Shreveport.
  I guess that's what they're, damn it's like an old rusted out shack that we took, which  is kind of the vibe of that old Tony room as well.
  Or the place you use, what's the Wisconsin Dells.
  Oh, I mean, are you speaking about a specific restaurant or just that area in general?  No, I'm just trying to think of like where this would make sense.
  That's not really, there's not, there's a little water near there.
  I want like a big, I think there needs to be a lot of water.
  Yeah.
  It's like an Ocean City, Maryland situation.
  Yeah, that's right.
  I mean, yeah, that's perfect.
  That place is gross.
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  I don't know that.
  Maybe you'll love it.
  There's like a different, there's a different mini golf course on every block.
  Oh boy.
  And it's all these.
  That's the sign of quality.
  It's like a 40s science for like weird liver restaurants and it's crazy.
  Wow.
  You like that.
  Where people would really go to get fucked up where I grew up.
  Yeah.
  Like that for senior week or after prom and stuff.
  My family went to Ocean City, New Jersey, a dry town.
  We're nice people.
  America's number one family resort, according to the travel channel.
  I didn't know that.
  That's great.
  It's dry.
  There's dry cities in New Jersey.
  Uh, that is the main one I know of.
  They never changed the blue laws.
  So it's a barrier Island.
  So there's like three big bridges into town and you can bring alcohol in and have it at  your home.
  That's go nuts, but not like at the restaurants or at public at the bottom of each bridge  right outside of town.
  There is a warehouse size liquor store.
  That's so crazy.
  Yeah.
  Do you think any of those restaurants serve what I have now confirmed is a non-alcoholic  drink called the strawberry mango chiller?  Mike, you did it.
  You're so crazy.
  Why did you do that?  Love this drink.
  I'm first of all, nothing I said at the time was wrong.
  I did love that drink.
  I still love it.
  I did think maybe I was getting a buzz from it.
  I was not, but I was getting a sugar rush.
  I was getting a sugar rush obviously.
  And I was too giant.
  It's as if I had like an extra large Slurpee while I was eating a meal.
  Uh, in my meal of shrimp, Mac and cheese, shrimp, Mac and cheese.
  Like a true child.
  I had a strawberry basil smash and I know for a fact, mine supposedly had vodka in it.
  I could not taste vodka.
  It was a couple of leaves of basil, ice, Sierra mist, excuse me, mist twist and a lot of strawberry  puree.
  Which you said that Sierra mist is no longer Sierra mist.
  It's called just mist twist.
  It's called like mist twist.
  I think they rebranded it.
  That's impossible to remember.
  What'd you drink?  I had like a Lynchburg lemonade type thing, which was great.
  I picked like the lower calorie thing and the fancy drinks and it was like a whiskey  lemonade.
  It was fun.
  Fantastic.
  We did on the, both of us did for the meal and I'm so glad because everything they list  the calories on everything.
  It's all a thousand to two thousand.
  And we already split this sampler platter.
  I feel like I'm alive today because you noticed the soup and salad combo.
  I really might've missed that.
  Let's see what my calories were from the meal.
  Oh yeah.
  I do want to know because we kept it pretty light.
  We came in around like 500 calories for our little lunch.
  By doing just kind of a side salad.
  A little cup of gumbo.
  You did a gumbo.
  Oh my God.
  What did you eat?  A thousand calories.
  Wait, for the drink?  No, for the shrimp, mac and cheese.
  I want to know, oh, but you don't know about the drink.
  I'm trying to, you could've gone a lot higher.
  There was a lot of 1500, 1800.
  That was actually a pretty reasonable choice.
  Can you look up, I just had the calamari.
  Like just a basket of fried calamari.
  Was that under appetizers?  Yeah, it was under appetizers.
  Uh, calamari.
  Oh, that's not bad.
  Six, six forty.
  Okay.
  We're ruining this for ourselves.
  That's true.
  Why take it back?  Uh, well I think it's a good service to the listeners that we save them a trip to the  BubbaGump.
com calorie counter.
  Yeah, of course.
  But I don't want to save them a trip to BubbaGump, which I fucking love.
  We had a fun time.
  We did the, uh, uh, we watched people do like birthday dances.
  They make you dance if it's your birthday.
  I don't understand how that was a dance off.
  Once it began, they said it's these two people's birthdays.
  So they got to, you know what that means?  They got to do a dance off and then everybody clapped.
  And I, the whole time I was waiting for the dance part to start and it did not, as far  as I could tell.
  Am I wrong?  Were you guys confused?  I was confused.
  We sort of danced up and down and like waved our arms a little bit and then it was over.
  That counts as dancing.
  More specifically, we did the trivia contest.
  The most immersive part of the day.
  Yeah.
  Our waiter was great.
  It was awesome.
  Shout out to Corey.
  Shout out to Corey.
  Corey ruled.
  Uh, the one kind of intense thing Corey said to us though, so intense he almost belonged  at the other restaurant when he said, actually Forrest Gump used to be my favorite movie  as a child.
  Haven't watched it once since I got hired here.
  Cause I asked, would you be able to do this trivia without having been hired here recently?  And he said, yeah.
  He said that and it started off really fun and then like had a little boo at the end.
  Yeah.
  It was a little earnest, a little intense.
  How could you watch the movie if you worked in that restaurant?  You would be a crazy, there's one guy who does both and he's insane.
  Yeah.
  He's the worst person you've ever met.
  He's like that OJ juror that showed up wearing the like Star Trek outfit or the whitewater  juror.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I remember that.
  I don't actually.
  During whitewater, a juror like got selected for the whitewater jury and then showed up  the day of in a full Star Trek next generation outfit with a, like a, like a bloop bloop thing  on her chest.
  Whoa.
  She's in that movie Trekkies and she hid that part of her personality until the first day.
  And then she showed up like that.
  And through the entire trial when the president was on trial into complete chaos.
  Which probably is what Tina Fey was making fun of a 30 rock when she was like princess  Leia in a jury.
  Oh, that was it.
  Did she get dismissed?  Did they get rid of her?  Immediately.
  They're like, what are you doing?  She's like, I just wanted to show people that what I believe in.
  Wow.
  This is my true self.
  But it made Clinton go few.
  But she didn't do it to get out of jury duty.
  She wanted to be on the jury.
  To show off her cool pins.
  Who could blame her?  Yes.
  I have to do this.
  I have to say, I'm falling asleep.
  I'm yawning.
  We all are.
  One thing as we sat down and we're taking it all in and when we first met, Corey, he  said, so what brings you all to Bubba Gump today?  And I think we all had a beat where we're like, should we lie?  How do we answer this question?  Like we all said, he asked if we'd been here and we all said no, because we thought we'd  get kind of a more from the ground up experience if we said no.
  And we kind of did.
  Yeah.
  Though I really showed my cards when I asked for the trivia game specifically.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  I guess that showed that I'd been there.
  Yeah.
  What did we, we struggled to come up with the answer.
  Yeah.
  The trivia game was great.
  It was very fun.
  Yeah, that was a lot of fun.
  Do you remember that any of the most obscure stuff in there?  Like a town, the ones where I didn't know.
  Shreveport?  No, it wasn't Shreveport.
  It wasn't Shreveport.
  It was written on the license plate that's on the table because there's a license plate  that says go run for us run and then you can flip it over and say stop for us stop.
  And when you do that, you mean it's like an Korean bar.
  You want the waiter to come by and say, yeah.
  The other one is like, stay away from us waiter.
  We're having a good time.
  That's what that means.
  The trick question, what color was Lieutenant Dan's shrimping boots?  No, or shrimping boots.
  Excuse me.
  I feel like he still wore shoes even though he was, had no legs.
  Yeah.
  Oh, you know, he's on the boat.
  No, he's got, he's all no legs at all.
  Right?  Yeah.
  He doesn't have shoes because he's been mean.
  He hasn't come around and got his titanium legs and his wife yet.
  And he's like, I have a wife now and she's from Vietnam.
  That's how you know he's become a good man at the very end.
  Right.
  Oh, for sweating.
  Uh huh.
  And he's like, here's his, this is young Jean or whatever.
  It's how you know this.
  The whole, the movie has all of the, like when you mentioned that there's a framed photo  of Jenny, like Jenny is the young Jenny is abused in the film.
  And then in the, and then in the movie she gets AIDS.
  She tries to kill herself.
  She tries to kill herself.
  So to ignore all of these things, I guess I don't want them to address it, but implicitly  a Forrest Gump restaurant has to ignore AIDS, suicide and abuse.
  It's like, I guess, was this ever talked about in the, did anyone have a, a, a kind of a  cultural sensitivity discussion in starting this restaurant or were they just like, yeah,  but the mesquite shrimp is going to be delicious.
  I think that because the trick trivia question was about how Lieutenant Dan's leg was like  doubling amputee, they're like, I guess they don't really care.
  They're like, we'll talk about that one.
  Also the trivia questions are like, essentially you're helping tell a chronological story  of Forrest's life.
  Yeah.
  It's just like the nice, I mean, not all the nice stuff, but like a lot of nice stuff.
  None of the historical events that Forrest falls into as a rail bows.
  He didn't in this part of the trivia contest, ask us if we thought the Vietnam war was a  just war.
  There's only one right answer.
  He would accept if we didn't say yes.
  All of us, he would have kicked us out of the restaurant.
  Can I say a not nice story from my past?  Oh, sure.
  Oh, please.
  Well, I wouldn't, probably the first one of these I went to was in Maui in Hawaii on a  trip with my family.
  And I remember having all the confusion about, huh, it's a restaurant based on Forrest.
  This is weird.
  And I, so I was confused the whole time and my dad was kind of like zoning out.
  He was kind of weirdly quiet and the whole dinner was like, what's going on here?  And about 45 minutes in my dad said, oh my God, this is where my dad had a heart attack.
  Like when it was, when it was not Bubba Gump's, whatever the previous locate, whatever the  location was previously.
  Um, my, yeah, my dad's dad had a heart attack at the table and like fell into his soup.
  Jesus.
  Yeah, like this is my end, my dad watched my dad unlock this terrible memory.
  And then right then like, okay, so you guys remember the movie Forrest Gump?  What did they say when they wanted to stop when he was running football?  Uh, it was, yeah, my dad was just like got lost.
  The rest of them, it was, uh, yeah, I, uh, I could flash to that memory very easily.
  Wow.
  That's crazy.
  He survived.
  I mean, he made it.
  He didn't die at that Forrest Gump.
  He did not die at that restaurant.
  No, it is not, you don't want to die at Bubba Gump.
  No, uh, although we did, we did restaurants though, worst chain restaurants.
  Yeah.
  Jordan Morris just declared he'd be happy to die at Margaritaville, which I think any  of us might be, especially due to a plane crashing into the wall.
  Um, the, I was thinking the, there's another thing that's sort of a Forrest Gump themed  experience that's not Bubba Gump.
  Cause I was like, well, that's weird.
  And then I was like, oh, well there is something.
  There's another entity that tours using a character of course from Forrest Gump, but  it's not a themed experience.
  You know what I'm talking about?  Oh, I do.
  I'm talking about of course, Lieutenant Dan Band.
  Gary Sinise's charity band usually for, which we can't make fun of it, I guess, cause it's,  he donates money to the military.
  Except that he like has become a little crazy fucking conservative.
  So yes, we can make fun of him.
  And we can't go on mission space anymore.
  Because Gary Sinise is now only tweets insane military things and tours with the Lieutenant  Dan Band.
  It's like he thinks he was Lieutenant Dan.
  That's what he served.
  That was his service.
  What's that movie?  He was in that movie.
  He's an honorary troop.
  I think there's three strikes against any older actor.
  The obvious one being harassment of any kind, but the other two, not as important, but almost  their strikes I think are crazy right wing tweets and playing white guy blues music.
  These are the three worst moves that any older actor could make.
  So Bruce Willis doesn't pass.
  Yeah, from one of the three and I hope not more.
  I don't know the whole story of Bruce.
  There's a story of Bruno, but.
  But James Dolan is okay.
  He's the New York Knicks owner.
  His blues brand is cool.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He's doing fine.
  Wait, who's the guy who made a crap?  Who does like mom and Big Bang Theory Chuck Lorre?  He's a blues guitarist.
  I saw him at LACMA once like playing with like the jazz outdoor jazz at LACMA.
  We don't have time to get into Chuck Lorre since.
  I'm sure the other categories are spotless.
  Moving on.
  I'm sure his blues is great as well.
  I would like to speak about the gift shop briefly.
  Of course, yes.
  Were you going to play a Lieutenant Dan Band song?  Is that why you're pulling it up?  No, I mean, I was just looking to see what was there.
  We don't need to.
  We don't need to do that.
  We love to hear a friend of the devil by the lieutenant.
  Do they only play patriotic songs or they play like.
  I'm trying to find a set list honestly.
  Run through the jungle I bet.
  But you can talk about gift shop while I'm doing this.
  The gift shop is full of, it's huge.
  It's like half the size of the restaurant.
  It is full of stuff like t-shirts, license plates, things, but all with phrases from  Forrest Gump on them.
  Things that you forgot about.
  Like they're stupid as the stupid does, but there's also like for a long time, last time  I was there, there were a lot of shirts that said, I got a P, which is what he says to  JFK.
  But just having a shirt that says I got a P on it.
  There's so many steps where you have to be like, that's from Forrest Gump, especially  in like 2015, which is when I saw this shirt.
  Also, so here's what it is.
  A couple years ago, after I'd been and I just marveled at the gift shop, I met a friend  of a friend who was a manager of a bubblegump.
  And I asked him, what I was wondering is like, has it always been the same shirts?  And he's like, no, every six months entirely new, I got a P shirts come in.
  They remainder or whatever the old ones, like that's like new layout of I got a P on a new  color of shirt and they have to replace everything in the gift shop, like every six months.
  And so, but it still says I got a P, it's just like a new design.
  And that happens, it's been happening this whole time.
  And you asked, right?  You went to the cash register.
  Well, no, no, no.
  Oh yeah.
  I asked for it to see if there was an, I got a P thing.
  Cause there wasn't any, I got a P stuff.
  And I was like, that's the most egregious of all the phrases for me.
  Cause it's just a little bit just offensive.
  That would, I guess, bug me, you know, walking around in the war or in a fancy setting of  some kind to see I got a P and I would not think of gump.
  That's for sure.
  You have to look really like underneath.
  He says, Bubba gump shrimp.
  You're like, what's that?  And it's like, oh, that's movie for scum.
  Oh, he does say that that one time.
  It's one.
  Yeah.
  I don't think it really took as a catchphrase or anything.
  It sure didn't take.
  Uh, did, but they, are you saying that they sell, they sell out of it or they have to  just keep representing?  I got a P in different ways.
  Yeah.
  They just have to get rid of the ones that are there and make some new ones.
  And it's just like, that's the slog.
  So I don't want to go open up another whole lieutenant band, the Dan band thing.
  First of all, I want to make it clear to the audience when they search, we're not talking  about the Dan band.
  No, they're real.
  They're a different band.
  They're a different weird band.
  They're a different cool band.
  So lieutenant Dan band, Scott, I think you were incorrect just thinking these guys just  play blues music because according to the lieutenant Dan band and the Mandalay Bay concert  they did in 2011, they cover songs by Kelly Clarkson, Evanescence, Beyonce, Lone Star,  the Zach Brown band, and many more.
  And I just pulled up them doing wake me up inside by Evanescence on YouTube.
  Should we all experience this together?  Is Gary singing?  I don't have any, I, this is fresh.
  My heart is racing right now.
  I'm really worried.
  Can you see Gary Sinise there?  What's he bringing to this operation?  Is that him dancing?  With the tambourine?  No, he's not on string right now.
  This is the lieutenant Dan band.
  Wait, I think he plays bass.
  There he is.
  Oh my God.
  Wake me up.
  Forrest Gump.
  There he is.
  Oh my God.
  He's not singing.
  He's just playing bass.
  Why don't they have a camera on him?  Why did it take that long to get a shot?  He's the star.
  Why would you see this for any reason?  I think you wouldn't go.
  If I told you they were playing the OC county fair, you would be there with me.
  Yeah.
  Scott, can you record this weekend?  I can't.
  I'm going to see that lieutenant Dan band.
  Going to a thing?  I mean, they do do Superstition by Stevie Wonder.
  Does he sing that?  Is it always that woman?  Oh man.
  There he is smirking, making bass face.
  I think he doesn't sing in the lieutenant Dan band.
  Never?  I'm trying to find.
  He must banter or something.
  Lieutenant Dan, he's got a banter.
  Doing like a mild cover of Uptown Funk.
  Oh no.
  All right.
  I don't think he sings that.
  No, I don't think he sings.
  He just plays bass.
  He just plays bass.
  He gets to call it lieutenant Dan band.
  It's just his hobby.
  He doesn't want to be the star of his hobby.
  As in films, he's a journeyman.
  He's a, he slides into whatever the role calls for.
  He's not seeking the spotlight.
  Perfectly fine New Year's band.
  The new lieutenant Dan band.
  How much would it take for us to book the lieutenant Dan band for the, for, for a live  show?  Podcasts, the ride, anniversary party, the podcast, the ride, anniversary bash.
  It's probably startlingly expensive.
  You have to delete this episode.
  Yeah.
  You know, I've seen them at a church that I've been to with my parents.
  So if we could somehow convince them that it was like a Catholic fundraiser, if we could  trick Gary Sinise into thinking that money is that he doesn't have to be paid because  in order to help pay the Catholic church.
  We also, what we really have to do is tell them that Jason has PTSD.
  He fought in the Iraq war.
  Straight out of college.
  He was over in Iraq.
  I was in the theme park wars, Disney versus Universal is a hell of an orange race there  in the late nineties.
  And Jason had his legs blown off.
  That cable got loose on one of those drop rides.
  I think this seems like, do you think that us tricking Gary Sinise into thinking he's  part of a Catholic PTSD benefit?  Couldn't we just dress me up as a Jesuit?  Isn't that just easier to get me a robe and a rope tie?  I just want to check if you guys think that this is something that people with compassion,  integrity and intensity would do.
  Oh, forget about it.
  What am I talking about?  You know, yeah, we can't think too hard about the moral dilemmas here.
  We have to get to the present part of the podcast, which is Eva, because you thank you  for because of your interest in the in the Bubba Gump's store.
  Hang on a second.
  I want to send you on a one way trip down.
  Eva Boulevard.
  Oh my God.
  You got that.
  It's a customized sign.
  I'm sure in invaluable.
  So sweet.
  Thank you.
  You're very welcome.
  Such a nice gift.
  Did you get a picture of it?  Oh, yeah, we should.
  Before I leave, I'll take a picture and you can put it online.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  The world should see what Eva Boulevard is like.
  I want to point out, it doesn't just have a Bubba Gump logo.
  It has a tiny feather because that's what Forrest loves is that tiny feather flies in  the air.
  Feather.
  Uh huh.
  Oh, yeah.
  Feather at the top.
  Thank you, guys.
  I didn't really stare at it for long.
  You got a feather.
  Oh, yeah.
  And it's kind of like a like a glossy photo of the of the bub this particular Bubba Gump's  location, your favorite restaurant.
  And guys, look, the stone is appearing for this sector.
  The Sector Keeper Stone.
  The Sector Keeper Stone.
  It's half a rib and half a feather.
  It's a nightmare and a little.
  It's a spread of wasabi smeared on top.
  Oh my God.
  Before we go, I just want to share maybe my favorite thing that happened all day.
  Oh, wait.
  Yeah, we didn't even talk about this.
  So this restaurant is part of the Landry's family of restaurants.
  And Jason immediately realized that his father was a Landry's VIP member, which of course.
  We all spent some time going, oh, it's a Lowry's.
  No, no, it's a Landry's.
  We Jason and I are Lowry's VIPs.
  We're Lowry's VIPs.
  All three of the hosts are Lowry's VIP members.
  Eva, are you as well?  No, I'm a Musa and Frank VIP.
  You're represented.
  I just have to be a Lowry's VIP.
  It's very easy.
  It makes a lot of sense if you go to Tama, Shantar once in a while.
  I know I got to do it.
  So you were like texting with your father trying to make sure that you were a Landry's VIP.
  I said, hey, do you use your cell phone number for that?  I'll put your number down and get the points.
  I'll put your number down and get the points.
  So there was a whole thing where I tried the bill at the end and I realized that Scott  has a universal pass, so that's 10%.
  So we're putting the card in there.
  The guy wrote the phone number down.
  And then you want to give points to your dad because he has the Landry's VIP status.
  And he'll get money off.
  And he'll get money off.
  So we're going to try to help your dad out too, I guess.
  So we're doing a lot of stuff.
  The benefits.
  He's writing down the phone number and you're trying to look up which phone number of your  dad's it should be.
  And he puts it down and he comes back to the table and he lets you know that you had $25  in credit on your Landry's VIP account and that he's applied it to our bill.
  It automatically just goes to the bill.
  You look like someone's shot you in the head.
  You look like you're stunned.
  You remember what you said?  You said, I don't want to use that.
  I said, I didn't want to use it.
  He goes, oh, it just goes on automatically.
  Don't worry about it.
  I'm like, okay.
  You stole $25 off a meal of a bunch of friends.
  An expensive meal gets $25 off.
  And your father's expense.
  It's already been 10%ed off and then we get more.
  And your dad can't use those points.
  It's like he's starting over from zero now.
  No, I think like he still got some points, but it's like he got maybe a dollar's worth  of points.
  It was possible that he spent a lifetime working and accruing those points.
  No, that's not on your birthday.
  And that you just go to that.
  We went to like chart house like two years ago.
  Yeah.
  You fucked your dad over.
  Hey, that's why he was upset.
  No, we didn't care.
  He's like, I probably just got another card and cared.
  He worked hard.
  You come out to Hollywood to just have this free wheel and lifestyle doing theme park  podcast.
  He worked hard for those points.
  I am just now covered in flop sweat.
  Because you know it's true.
  I am trying to give them back.
  We all watch you try to give them back.
  I want to say that that said, have them away.
  You played it with the man.
  Please give the points back.
  Also, usually they say, oh, it's got to be your name on the card for the bill.
  Oh, none of that.
  He had three different cards with three different names on it today.
  He didn't care.
  Yeah.
  It was great, by the way.
  One, a one truly a great waiter.
  Very fun.
  So can we book the Lieutenant Dan Band to re-raise those points?  Your dad was a military vet and he subsists on points.
  He was not draft.
  Like he just just dodged it.
  His number did not come up.
  My dad too.
  My dad is your dad a draft misser?  How old are your father's?  My dad, I don't think he's too young.
  Would have missed it.
  He missed it.
  Oh, my dad fled the draft.
  Oh, you've been overseas.
  I can say that now.
  He moved all over the country and maybe will lie on his behalf.
  He failed to have an address to be pinned down at.
  No permanent address.
  He was a street performer.
  Well, that makes him the smartest person.
  Oh, that's true.
  Yeah.
  That was got away with it.
  Well, that magic really came in handy.
  It really did.
  It was disappearing.
  You never see me.
  You never saw me.
  Well, yeah, but all but none of them served.
  We have no fathers that served.
  No, no, no, no.
  But we will edit that out before we book the Lieutenant Dan Band for an important point  razor.
  I want to book him, but it'd be like we just we just don't want the drummer and we don't  want the singer.
  We don't want the guitarist or the piano player, the tambourine woman.
  We just want to book.
  We would like Dan.
  We just want Dan.
  We just want Lieutenant Dan.
  We've only got one mic and one bass amp.
  Can you make it work, you think, anyway?  Can you still wake me up by evidence?  We find out Gary's and he's just like Primus good.
  Well, only one way to find out and Sector Keeper, you're invited.
  We'll see you there.
  Eva, thanks so much for hanging out with us.
  So blessed out by this whole day.
  What an afternoon.
  Nice day.
  Thanks for having me.
  Thanks for doing it.
  You're blessed out.
  Mike is wasted.
  Strawberry jam.
  He's bouncing off the walls like a toddler.
  Hey, this has been a blast.
  We'll see you tomorrow.
  Hey, Lieutenant Dan Band, play us out.
  Now we have to remember to do that.
  I'll add it in later.
  Sure.
  My spirit's sleeping somewhere cold until you find it there and leave it back home.
  Wake me up inside.
  Wake me up inside.
  Call my name and save me from the dark.
  I lost my love to run before I come undone.
  Save me from the last thing I'd become.
  Forever.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehme, Joe  Cilio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at ForeverDogTeam  and liking our page on Facebook.
