 Forever, dog.
  Podcast The Ride presents The City Walk Saga, a daily 19 part, extremely necessary series exploring the stores, restaurants and wonderful magic that make up universal city walk Hollywood.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The City Walk Saga, Sector 4.
 Now, look, we've been doing this for, this will be the fourth episode.
 How are we feeling about this? Because I'll be honest with you guys.
 Wait a minute, I didn't even intro you.
 That's crazy.
  That's fine.
 Look, all bets are off.
 These episodes are different.
 And I feel like already I'm feeling a little punchy and like we don't have to, we don't have to introduce Jason Sheridan or Scott Garadier.
 Certainly not.
  I'm Mike Carlson.
 I think it's because I literally just came from City Walk.
 I just spent hours there.
 Lucky man.
 Doing it.
 And I don't dislike it yet.
 I still like it, but I am a little, the sun was out today, it was hot.
  Yes, I was up there, but I was up there at 1130 this morning.
 You weren't, you both separately went.
 We both separately went.
 I guess we could have coordinated.
 And I've been solo as well.
 I have some reasons to dislike things, but I'll save that for whatever sector Dong Po Kitchen is in.
  Do you want me to check what Dong Po is? We'll know soon enough.
 Dong Po is sector nine.
 Okay.
 All right.
 So I'll have to keep that anger up for five more days.
 I thought about coordinating with Mike, but I didn't know what his day was like and I was also hungry in the morning and I figured I'd head up there.
  Yeah.
 And I think it's better that we also have, look, we're going to have a couple experiences together at certain maybe restaurants or nightlife activities, but I think it's good.
 It's good for friends to not always be together.
 They have to have their own lives, their own experiences.
  Oh, I loved, yeah, I love riding solo.
 You know, I just wandered in and out.
 Like I wondered the whole second floor, like the whole patio that goes from like Margaritaville all the way to hell at the moon.
 Like you're talking city loft.
 Yeah.
 Talking city loft.
 I guess that yeah, city loft because city food is, you know, the best food options.
  Well, okay.
 So city food is sort of part of, I'm not sure if city loft is just in that center courtyard or further down by the Bucatubepo is considered still part of city loft.
 Again, if we, not again, I've never said this, we sort of reached out to Universal maybe for a little bit of help and clarity and maybe like a list of what restaurants and stores used to be there.
  Fallen soldiers.
 Yeah, yes.
 In the war to to entertain all of Los Angeles.
 To separate people from their money.
  Yeah, we don't need the maps and everything because we have the sector keeper, but I still, having some actual attention from them would help us clear up issues like is the part down by Margaritaville considered part of city loft, but we may never know.
  We may never know.
 I sent an email.
 I said, Hey, is there any information on what used to be here? Any of the history? And it was like, no, not really.
 Like it doesn't seem like there's many good records being kept in the library of CityWalk.
  Very little.
 And you know, we'll get into it in this episode, but this is what I ended up doing with my short time on planet Earth.
 I spent a little bit of time looking up restaurants that used to be there, but I couldn't tell what storefronts they were in or what sectors they were in.
  So I was looking at like window compositions above the signs.
 Like is this one a double window or is this one have like a column or is this one have kind of a rounded window?  And that did let me know what used to be in one of these spaces.
 So, but in other words that we could have just gotten a list, you feel like.
 But instead I'm comparing Google street views that people took and posted voluntarily compared to old photos off of people's like angel fire sites.
  I was going to say, I bet Flickr would be great for this.
 If people tagged the photos at least.
  Sure.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 And maybe they can people can help us.
 If you have a CityWalk photo that you're proud of, maybe you can do hashtag PTR CityWalk saga.
 I don't know if it's hashtags on Flickr.
  You should know you're a hip guy.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 I don't know that.
 I don't know that that's the hippest website.
 I guess it's very utilitarian to me.
 It's like Yahoo bought them a few years ago.
 You know, well, just posted on anything.
  I know every place has a post on a photo poster basically.
 You're right.
 Flickr photos, put them on Twitter like a current 2018 person.
  Or just send us a hyperlink on Twitter.
 Just add us instead as a hyperlink.
 If you want to keep it on the Flickr sub site.
 Yes.
 Okay.
  Should we throw to the keeper? Yes.
  He's not in our presence right now, but let us summon the keeper and please tell us what our sector consists of today.
 Boys, boys.
 Today's sector is sector four.
 Hot topic.
  Guess Ben and Jerry's Element and Mini Monster.
 Good luck, boys.
  Okay, I feel ready.
 I can do this.
 We have Mini Monster.
 That's a new one of the newest kids on the block and Hot Topic, which is not original, but it's been there.
 It's been there long.
 It's a stalwart.
  So I guess we I guess we go in order.
 Yes.
 Kick it off with Hot Topic.
 Yes, Hot Topic.
 First of all, let me say this.
 I love Hot Topic.
 Oh, boy.
 And I am not joking.
 I'm not being facetious.
  I have a strong affection for Hot Topic.
 Now, it seems like both of you are looking at me with a face that says what's wrong with you.
 Yeah.
  Well, because I have an equally strong take, which is young Jason was scared of Hot Topic.
  I'm not going to disagree with that because Hot Topic.
  Scary fonts.
 Hot Topic has gone through a transformation.
  It definitely started out as like your place where you go get an anthrax shirt, the band Anthrax.
  And like when I was young as well, I was afraid of Scott Ian and Anthrax for sure.
 I was a photo of them.
  Oh, yeah.
 He has weird hair.
 Oh, my gosh.
 I love the 2000s.
 You were I love the 80s at that time.
 I would cover my eyes when he would comment on chin strips.
  Yeah.
 So I agree with you that when I was maybe little, it seemed like an intimidating, scary place.
 Yeah.
  It was a lot more.
 I feel like loud music and goth shit.
  Although by the time I got to high school, I remember giving someone a Simpsons t-shirt that I bought there.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 So it slowly evolves from just like like, yeah, like Anthrax, I think, and like punk bands.
  Then it evolves into like Evanescence.
 Then we get into like the early 2000s and it's very much like new metal shit, like weird other shitty bands.
  And that kind of like not quite goth, not quite metal.
 Right.
  Mainstream enough for the Daredevil soundtrack.
 Yes.
 That's a good point.
  The band, the other guy who sang with the Nickelback guy on Spider-Man 2.
 Oh, shit.
 What's that guy's name?  He was Josie Scott from I want to say Tinder.
 I don't think it's Tinder.
  Tether? Teeth? Seether? I think it's Seether.
  Could be Seether.
 I think it's Seether.
  You're all looking up while you keep justifying this choice of yours.
  Who would have thought this sector would have set us down a long dark night of the soul to our youth?  Maybe that hero.
 Yeah.
 So so they would have Disturbed was another band that would be featured there.
  So then slowly, I think around this time is when they start putting some comic book or cartoon stuff as well.
  G.
I.
 Joe t-shirt.
 Twisted stuff like, you know, Transformer stuff.
 Bung Bob and all that stuff.
  So now we get to get to a hot topic that in 2018 has a very pretty wide variety of stuff.
  You mean of Riverdale stuff, a wide variety of Riverdale stuff as I experienced today.
  Yes, a wide variety of Riverdale stuff.
 Now, let me tell you this.
 Who's the star of Hot Topic?  Let me ask you a question.
 Give me his name.
 Rick and or Mourning.
 Pickle Rick.
 Pickle Rick.
  That's they're definitely like big parts of Hot Topic right now.
 But number one, I think Nick Jackson, the Young Bucks.
  No, they have a nice presence there and I'm very happy for all the machine gun Kelly.
 No, not machine gun Kelly.
  I'm talking about a guy who's very irreverent.
 He wears a mask.
 He's very hyper violent and he loves Jimmy Chong.
  Oh, you talking the ball.
 I'm talking Deadpool.
 You guys, there are so there's so much Deadpool merch.
  And I think Deadpool right now is surpassed the last most popular Hot Topic character, Harley Quinn.
  Oh, Harley Quinn must have really ruled that place.
 Yes.
  So like if you wanted anything with Harley Quinn on it, you could get it.
 And now it's the same thing with Deadpool.
  There's so much Deadpool merch.
 And I guess right now I realize now that I'm saying this, I'm not making the best case for why I love Hot Topic.
  But I like look, look around my apartment.
 There's a lot of toys.
 There's a lot of comic book shit.
  I'm wearing a Mickey Mouse shirt.
 I have a lot of shirts with characters on it.
  Well, they're more in that avenue than they is no longer goth and silky sleeves and torn up jackets.
  There's a little of that.
 But yes, it's mostly not that fans.
 It's a place for fans to connect with their own fandom.
 Yes.
  Funko is it's a place of Funko is there is a I saw today I almost bought it.
  They have a power line Funko pop now from Goofy Movie.
 I was like, this is good.
 I like Hot Topic.
  I do think Hot Topic is still stuck sort of in their old aesthetic.
 But it's very dark.
  They could get rid of it.
 It's like crowded.
 I could see it's a little bit of an uncomfortable experience because the aisles are just so they like so.
  Yeah, you got a jam.
 So they probably have more like items per square foot than any other store.
  Yes, that worries me when like a comic store or even some Barnes and Nobles where it's just like there's so much stock in here.
  Like I can't even you can't even look or like browse to impulse buy because there's so much shit everywhere.
  Yes, there's so much shit like I was walking around today and I was like I would have to spend like five hours in here to figure out everything that's actually in here.
  Now, for the specific Hot Topic at City Walk, what I like is there's always a robust sales section.
  There's always an area where there's a lot of discounted merchandise.
  And now, gentlemen, did I buy us all presents from Hot Topic? Oh, of course I did.
  Now, did I pick something that we'd all be very excited about that as an element of surprise?  You will tell me.
 Mystery Mini Ready Player One Keychains.
  They are blind bags, which means that we don't know which character from the movie we will be getting.
  How exciting place your bets now.
  I have four of them.
 I don't know if we should wait in next episode.
 Give the Sector Keeper this as a token.
  That might be nice.
  All right, we'll do that then.
 So let's see.
  I'm going to list all the characters we can get.
  Of course, Parzival, Artemis, Shodo, Dido, Ek, the Iron Giant, which seems to me to be like that's the number one, right?  Iron Giant, Irock, 101 Avatar Soldier.
  You can get the Jade Key or there are two exclusives that they don't even show on the back.
  I feel like you can go through a box of these blind bags.
  You're going to know if you're getting the Jade Key.
  You would think, yes, unless they sort of pad the Jade Key out.
  Are we opening these now?  Yeah, we've got to open them on here, of course.
  All the crinkling is driving the dog crazy, I feel.
  You know what, you're probably right.
 He thinks this is a treat.
  Edwin the show dog is coming over here and trying to.
.
.
  Edwin, you're in trouble if you eat pack.
  This apparently has no tear here option.
  I have noticed that the bags are very hard to open.
  But if you'll notice that these were each three dollars and then buy two get two free.
  So I spent six dollars on four of them.
  All right, Scott is open first.
  It needs to be checked on the back of the bag.
  What are you? It's Irock.
  Oh, Irock, of course.
  I'll cherish you forever, Irock.
  I'm going to open now.
  Oh, I got 101 Avatar Soldier.
  Sixer in parentheses.
  Now, I'll be honest with you guys, I saw the movie.
  I don't know who this is.
  I don't know who that is.
  I know Parvizel and I know Artemis because they're the two main characters.
  Oh, Jason, it's flown out of his.
  Did you get Shodo?  I got Shodo, yeah.
  Jason Sheridan has Shodo.
  So it seems that none of us got the Iron Giant, which is, of course, the one to get or the Jade Key.
  We still have one to open.
  So we'll give you guys a teaser.
  Next episode, we're going to give the last blind bag to the Sector Keeper to find out which Ready Player One Mystery Mini Keychain he gets.
  These are our Avatar.
 These are our talismans.
  If we believe enough in this series, if we have enough power, these will become tulpas and take life.
  That is an idea or a fictional thing that becomes a living creature.
  When we go back to the Void, we will be these avatars is what I hope happens.
  Next time there's a Void experience.
  Well, I'd love to give these avatars to them and say, scan this and make me that.
  I am IROK.
  And I am 101 Avatar Soldier.
  And of course, Jason Sheridan is Shodo.
  Who can forget Shodo?  Jason Shodotan.
  So I like Hot Topic.
 I like that this is there.
  It's a little small for me.
  Honestly, we could knock down maybe guests and make the Hot Topic bigger.
  I think so.
  Now, I breeze through guests pretty quickly because they some guests stores have a men's section.
  This one did not appear to.
  Yeah.
  Well, here's the thing.
  I'm going to tell you that I did not step foot in the guests.
  I did not.
  And there's a reason that I didn't step foot in the guests.
  But it's going to involve the last store in the.
  Oh, OK.
  Save.
  Save that for a little bit.
  Yeah, I don't have anything about guests, but it was the store Adobe Road, which was a Native American accessories and clothing store.
  But like the Native Americans themselves, they were driven from their location.
  They were driven from City Walk.
  That is just depressing.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They did the the Trail of Tears down the hill to Lancashire and shop elsewhere.
  Jesus Christ.
  The terrible scourge of guests forced them out.
  So I say I say, fuck, yes.
  Get out of your guests.
  How dare you?  How about Ben and Jerry's, though?  Anyone hit up Ben and Jerry's while they've been up?  I have been to Ben.
 I did.
  I went into Ben and Jerry's.
  I've been to that Ben and Jerry's a couple of times.
  I did not have a treat in there for, again, a reason I will reveal in one second.
  I went up.
  So what do you got, Jason?  Well, I didn't get anything this time because I got something that pertains to another sector that I don't want to allude to.
  Well, can I ask you a question?  You're doing others.
  We're supposed to devote one sector per trip.
  OK, so I think you're if you're going to go do it.
  I was banging out a bunch at once.
  I don't know that I agree to that.
  I'm going to bring this up to the sector keeper when he's back on the next step.
  All right, that's allowed.
  In Jason's defense, you have to except for the sectors on the end, you have to pass by other sectors to get to most of the sectors.
  Yes.
  So now, if you specifically chose to go into any of these shops and Ben Perus items and buy treats, then I think you're at fault.
  If you accidentally fell into, you know, the Sparkies, if you tripped and fell into Sparkies on the way to Ben and Jerry's, I will allow it.
  But if it was anything but an accident, I think you're breaking the sector rules.
  Yeah, I think you're.
  And look, I'm not going to judge you, but the sector keeper might.
  Only God and the sector keeper can judge me.
  All right, fair.
  I'll say this about Ben and Jerry's.
  Ben and Jerry's the ice cream, not that it's a fancy ice cream, but as you know, it's a little more expensive than your average ice cream dryers.
  Or what have you.
  But I think it's worth it.
  I think it's worth it as well.
  I will say that I don't think that the store, the Ben and Jerry's store, whether it's the one that's literally five minutes from walking distance from here or the one at CityWalk, makes me feel like Ben and Jerry's is a higher quality.
  I don't think the store itself is nice enough.
  Does that make sense?  I thought the one at CityWalk had some very nice woodwork, like painted woodwork in it.
  Yeah, I don't think so.
  I think it looks cheap.
  You didn't like that?  I think it looks a little cheap.
  I think it looks like rustic, like a farm in Vermont.
  I know what they're going for, but it looks kind of cardboardy to me.
  It looks almost like a children's show.
  And I think Ben and Jerry's, I do think it's got to be a little, it's fun.
  Of course, these are hippie men.
  But I think, you know, you have to go, you have to do something that's a little more upscale because I think of, and maybe that's just because I'm a guy from a working class background, you know.
  You mean like an Emac and Bolio's at the Hard Rock Hotel in Orlando.
  Maybe, maybe that's what all the working men love.
  I just think, I want to see the value in the store a little more.
  I think it's very spare in there.
  I just think that you need the environment to be more.
  But compared to like the local Burbank one, that one is barely.
  Yes.
  That barely has anything going on.
  Yes, that one is worse.
  I agree with you.
  Guys, the value is exploding out of the store, for there is an upside down pink Cadillac that was driven terribly by a cow wearing light up, not sunglasses,  but glasses.
  You're going to dock at points for not liking the wood grain.
  You got some exciting Cadillac action right in your face.
  Scott makes an outstanding point.
  That's a very good point.
  This is on the exterior.
  This is the eye grabbing stuff when you're walking.
  I'm talking about when you get inside.
  I want a little more theming.
  This is City Walk, god damn it.
  Okay.
  I want just a little more fun.
  I tell them that there is theming.
  It's mild though.
  It's very mild.
  It doesn't draw you in at all.
  It seems like they're moving stuff around.
  There's no tables in there.
  But if you compare it to other Ben and Jerry stores, it's a step up.
  It doesn't draw you in.
  The outside draws you in.
  But once, okay, fair enough.
  The outside draws you in.
  You get up to the door and then you go, well, nothing's drawing me in here.
  Nothing's drawing me to stay.
  Nothing is drawing me in to stay.
  If you walked out, it'd be extremely awkward between you and the clerk.
  Two words, my friend, fish food.
  Possibly the best flavor of ice cream.
  Yes, fish food is good.
  I also think the fake ice cream smell is too strong.
  Oh, yeah.
  I agree with you on that.
  It's like playing across theme park world.
  It's cranked up so high, unless it's not fake, but it smells fake to me.
  It smells like that Disney, not that it's a good smell, but it smells like that  Main Street ice cream smell, which is they're just pumping in smell to make your  mouth water.
  I think it's too strong.
  A little too much.
  I also, to pay, I feel like I'm the one carrying the banner of City Walk history  and when this place opened.
  And here's where maybe you do duck points because the Cadillac, I don't believe,  was installed by Ben and Jerry's.
  I think they may have put the cow in there in the front seat, but I think the  car exploding out was due to the original tenant Hollywood Freezeway, and the  Z was capital within the otherwise regular word freeway.
  Yeah, I think that's fair.
  I mean, if you notice the crash spaceship in the studio store, which used to be  that end of the studio store, used to be things from another world, which moved  further down into a different sector.
  That spaceship is still sticking out.
  It's nice of the tenants to leave the protruding crashed vehicles.
  That there is, how many other, look, either way, we could parse over this  wood grain all day.
  What other street are you ever going to be on where two vehicles have crash  landed into walls?  Yeah.
  Yeah, that is a popular theme thing for these type of places is that a vehicle  has crashed.
  I think a lot of Planet Hollywood's featured that as well.
  And the Fry's, there's a Fry's electronic store that's very close to here in  Burbank that has a crashed UFO.
  And I think there might be other vehicles, I don't know if they've crashed,  that are inside.
  Like there's a fun, I don't know why that is, I don't know why it's not just a  UFO has landed on top of the, it's crashed.
  It's always crashed.
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  I feel bad for any establishment where a vehicle drives in and demolishes the  front of the establishment instead of sticking perfectly halfway in, halfway  out.
  How many cars have been driven into stores by drunk people, by old people  whose licenses should be revoked?  And all it caused was a mess and not a fun piece of decoration.
  So good job, whoever drove that pink Cadillac.
  Though I hope you didn't get hurt during the upside down flip.
  I mean, I do think those are very funny and fail compilation videos of like  when someone drives a car into a storefront and no one's hurt.
  They just drove a car into a store just out of anger.
  Are you watching compilation videos of cars driving into stores?  I feel like they're mixed in with like Russian dash cam footage videos, you  know?  I guess I know.
  I mean, I've seen like, I guess like on America's funniest home video type  thing.
  I also used to be an editor on shows where like guys would get hit in the  balls and stuff.
  So like accidents, like videos.
  That was called dinkle doinks.
  Is that right?  It was called accident time.
  No, no, it's not called.
  It was called whacked out videos.
  So it's that which one of those names is the silliest huge in the United Arab  Emirates, the most popular American TV.
  Wacked out videos, whacked out videos used to beat Jay Leno sometimes in its  time slot.
  It's syndicated time slot.
  It was so popular.
  The version it was, there's a version called whacked out sports that was more  popular.
  So maybe it was that, but yeah, it was always the little brother, but I'm always  aiming to, to beat the big dog.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And it was, they were both the ho the, the narrator of both were, was the guy  who did the, you don't know Jack voice.
  I don't remember this guy.
  Hey, how are you?  Like he's not currently TMZ is he?  No, but it's that that guy sounds like he's doing an impression of this guy.
  I don't think.
  Okay.
  Maybe it's the same guy.
  Huh? Huh?  Well, it's looking at that.
  Oh, Hey, here's, here's something I do know.
  Jack.
  I got to say when I got the info earlier, Josie Scott is from the band saliva.
  Hmm.
  Way off.
  There we go.
  No dither, no tither.
  No zither.
  Saliva.
  Still an unpleasant sounding band name.
  Extremely.
  It's unbelievably unpleasant.
  I'm trying to think of a worse one and I don't, I can't.
  Butthole surfers?  No, that's fun though.
  It is fun.
  That suggests like an irreverency.
  I guess it's not a band.
  It's not a band name, but around the same time you have chocolate covered starfish flavor  water.
  What was, did I get that right?  Yes.
  Covered.
  No, it wasn't chocolate starfish flavored water.
  This is about buttholes.
  Yeah.
  And sweaty buttholes.
  Can you buy little miniature buttholes promoting that?  They were also drawn by topic.
  Let's talk Elements.
  Do you guys go into Elements at all?  I did.
  And, and Element is a skate shop.
  Very kind of similar to Billabong.
  Owned by Billabong.
  Yeah.
  Really?  Yeah, it is.
  It's one of the brands that Billabong owns.
  Billabong is the parent company.
  And when I was inside, I saw a bunch of the RVCA brand, which is another, which is a Billabong  house brand.
  And I was like, wait, is Billabong owned this too?  This is not the first case of one parent company owning two stores in the current day City  Walk.
  Right.
  And we'll get to those later.
  That's another tease to keep you guys listening to this riveting City Walk saga.
  Some multiple brand ownership.
  Some great shoe sales going on, but they don't stock my size seven and a half very often.
  I have to really un-for seven and a half.
  Seven and a half.
  Yeah.
  Are people on Twitter now going to be disappointed with your shoe size?  Seven and a half, but wide.
  Oh, no.
  Oh, gross.
  Oh, God.
  Can you believe this show dough?  What your bigger avatar is saying this bill?  Show dough.
  Oh, Jason, he's whispering in my ear.
  Oh, he's into it.
  Show dough.
  He was just, he could be that wide.
  I was looking through Element and there was some stuff in there that I, because I like  clothes.
  I like shopping for clothes.
  Oh, sure.
  But I felt like this is for skaters and not for me.
  I felt like there were logos on there that if somebody, not that people know exactly  what the Element brand looks like, but I felt like this is for skate, not for Michael, there's  for other people that like have a deck.
  Right.
  That's what you call a skate, like a deck.
  Yeah.
  That's what you call the wood.
  Yeah.
  So there was stuff in there that I kind of liked.
  There was a child's red child's jacket that was not in my size, but if it wasn't my size,  I would have thought about getting it.
  Yeah.
  So that's all I have to say about Element.
  It did make me feel like looking around the store of like, I don't know that I've ever  felt this young.
  Like even when I was young, I was like, I don't know that I've ever felt like I could  see, I was like, I, I'm, I belong here.
  I belong in the cool, the skate shop store.
  You're out of your Element.
  Yeah.
  I mean, they had like some, you know, a couple of rooms.
  Little racks of like vans or converse too.
  So that's, that's fine.
  This, this block though is making me think, but then I keep looking ahead to other sectors  and I'm wondering if I will go back on this.
  Is this the most mall heavy sector of like traditional mall stores?  Guess Hot Topic, Ben & Jerry's, Element, Mini Monster is a curve ball.
  Hey, yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's the one that's a little odd.
  Totally a reinvention of the wheel.
  Uh, to say, I guess it's, it is specific to, it's, I think it's somewhere else in Anaheim,  but it's also in Korea town.
  Mike and I tried to go to the original snow monster.
  Yes.
  Oh, that's right.
  Snow monster and mini monster related brands.
  And the line was so long.
  We went to another fun Korea town ice cream shop.
  I gotta say Korea town, Los Angeles, full of fun ice cream shops.
  Yes.
  We went to one where they served it with fresh honey on top.
  We went to a different one where they started with a little cotton candy poofs on top.
  Yes.
  So we've, we've, we've gotten a couple different fun ice cream treats.
  So many monster, you guys did not eat a mini monster.
  Is that right?  I poked around it and it didn't seem up my alley.
  I'm not really a boba guy.
  It's they, they, so there's a big cotton candy they put on top.
  Also not my thing.
  So I, yeah, I skipped it like, like roller coasters when you know you're out.
  The Korea town one has a lot more like ice cream sandwiches, these kinds of things.
  Mini monster is seems to be, I don't know, exclusively beverages.
  Would you say it's, I would say that because I had something from mini monster because  I am a theme park journalist.
  So I need to put myself in there and experience all of it.
  So today, and the story is that you barfed on items in each of the other stores.
  Anyway, and Gellhorn over here are going to the heart of the war, huh?  So I looked at the menu and it's got like just mostly drinks.
  There's like teas and boba and I've had boba once or twice and like Scott, I, it's not  my thing really, but okay.
  So I go and I go, I want, I want the silliest thing that I can get.
  What's the silliest thing here?  And they have what you were saying, monster cloud.
  It is a drink with cotton candy on top and then fruity pebbles on top of that.
  Now I'm a big fruity pebbles fan.
  As some listeners might know, it's my favorite cereal.
  I could finish a box in like a day.
  I've done it before.
  So I ordered a monster cloud with the, uh, hold on.
  Let me find it here.
  Uh, it was a strawberry black tea and they added boba to it.
  And I was not prepared for the size of this.
  Let me show you guys a photo of this.
  Did you get the light bulb glass?  No, I did not.
  Look at this.
  This, you, this photo does not even.
  I can barely see the glass because the cotton candy.
  Let me hold, let me hold.
  This is how big it is.
  And I carry it away and three women, I sit down next to them and they start laughing  and they're like, no, that's true.
  And that won't be the last.
  I just sit next to him.
  Well, I should have run out of there, like hiding it, trying to hide it.
  Oh, it's in the store.
  You didn't go out to a bench and no white eventually do.
  I eventually leave the store with it.
  So I immediately regret doing this because I can't eat a full cotton candy.
  I can't.
  I'm not going to sit here and eat a giant full cotton.
  Jason's looking at me crazy.
  He's shaking your whole now.
  Why?  Once again, we're being asked to hear about your eyes are too big for your stomach.
  You bought, you bought too much delicious food.
  I thought that it was a smaller poof of cotton candy and it was not.
  It was like a full size cotton candy on top of this plastic container.
  So I'm eating this, like what feels like flavorless cotton candy.
  It's why it may have had a flavor.
  I'm eating it anytime.
  There's a piece of like the fruity pebble on it.
  It would give me a little flavor and then that would be fine.
  But I'm eating this going, what the hell did I do?  I can't.
  So I eat like probably 10% of it and I've got to get rid of this.
  So I walk out into the city, into city walk and maybe it's my, me being self conscious,  but everyone's staring at me.
  I have a giant thing.
  People are wondering what it is.
  It's also like peak time when people are leaving the park and droves of people just going by  me and I'm like trying to figure out like what's going on.
  And I'm like, I needed to go into guests, but I can't go into guests with this.
  This is too much.
  I'm so embarrassed now.
  So they're invented pro.
  Were you stoned?  Were you super?  No, no, no.
  I just, everyone was looking at me.
  This is actually was a little stoned when I went up there and I survived incident free.
  Well, no, I would never do that.
  I would never desecrate city walk with a altered state of mind.
  So then I, so then I have to also, here's my thing with 30.
  I go, I got to get rid of this cotton candy.
  I can't, but I don't want to throw it away in front of the store because I don't want  them to see that I've thrown away what they've just worked so hard to make.
  I can think of like many avenues and alleys to duck in.
  So that's what I did.
  Oh, so I, so yeah.
  So I go, I go to a garbage can near that's nearby and I just rip the cotton candy off  the top and just throw it away.
  And I go, okay, that's fine.
  So now I start drinking the drink.
  The drink is disgusting.
  The drink is like, I was, it was raspberry tea or blackberry black tea.
  I was drinking it and I'm like, first of all, you can't drink it with a straw because the  fucking Boba gets stuck in the straw.
  The Boba is this insanely sweet kind of like cherry taste.
  And I'm like, I keep having to open the lid and suck out the bottom of it.
  Well, did you have a big Boba straw?  No, I should have gone back and gotten a big Boba straw.
  You get into these, you get into these paradoxes and paradox, you get into these impossible  scenarios, these stress nightmares.
  And I'm like, this sucks.
  So now I'm trying to figure out, you gotta have a Boba straw when you're drinking a Boba  drink, baby.
  I needed to, I was on a time crunch too.
  So I needed to leave.
  This was much like the, the Disney world situation where I had a limited amount of time.
  So now I go, this drink is disgusting.
  I don't need the calories from the Boba.
  I got to dump this.
  So now I try to go to the bathroom.
  You know, the bathroom right by the hot topic with the, by the lockers.
  Which we determined is the worst.
  Yeah.
  Like, like a bus station level, people passed out in the hallways.
  Yes.
  So I go to that bag.
  Okay, fine.
  I'm just going to go in there and dump the drink out and throw it away.
  It's called the bathroom is closed.
  It just says it's closed trash cans along the way.
  I don't want to put a full liquid into the trash can because I find that's rude.
  I feel like when a person's pulling out the trash, it'll spill everywhere.
  So I'm just like, I'm going to dump it out and then think it or then put the plastic  in.
  So I have to, I go out all the way into the parking lot in front of universal until like  the bushes and I dump everything out there.
  It's like Boba everywhere, a big piece of orange and then I like run away and throw  the plastic.
  It was very satisfying to me because I feel like often you make me play the fool, but  in this story, you sir are clearly the fool.
  Fair enough.
  I'll take this problems building in your head as if you would ever be the rudest person  to the custodial staff of city walk and entire day.
  But if there was a full like large like cup full of liquid and you're pulling the bag  out, whatever's a hole, it gets all over this poor city walk workers like shoes.
  And then like, I won't know it.
  You're right.
  I won't know that I've ruined this man's night.
  But on the other end, what if a squirrel or feral cat had gone by and gotten sick off  the Boba or choked on a fruity pebble that was foreign to its system?  There could be multiple dead animals passing out around that universal fountain as we speak.
  This is just like the chaos theory discussion in the film, Jurassic park, a fine universal  release from 1993.
  If you, yes, Jeff Goldblum, when he says, if you dump a monster or a monster cloud  of drink in the universal parking lot, there's a typhoon in Japan.
  So that was my, so I hated it.
  I hated the mini monster there and there and thereby sector four, I guess is one of the  least pleasant.
  We started with something I really like, which is hot topic.
  And we ended with mini monster, which is a place I was excited about going, you know,  Jason and I were texting for months about monster in this stupid place.
  Yeah.
  I still have never gone to the, I think the full one has a lot more ice cream options  and Sundays and stuff, probably fair better, but it is hugely popular.
  And in an area like Korea town might be the worst area to park in, in LA, there's so many  cars, but there's so much cool stuff there.
  That's probably an additional part of it.
  There's so little room to park and there's so much cool stuff there.
  Right.
  How many sectors worth of cool stuff?  I don't even know that you could count.
  I'll have to talk to the Korea town sector keeper, which is a different sector keeper.
  Yeah.
  Our sector keeper will have to summon him.
  You know, before we wrap up this sector, a couple more fallen soldiers real fast element  based on my window checking discovered elements was used to be something called choco latte  loco.
  Oh, I love that store.
  Aztec themed.
  That sounded very good.
  Like original Aztec hot chocolate choco Lattell.
  You could get there.
  That sounds very good.
  They had chocolate scorpions.
  They had chocolate cigars.
  They had chocolate band-aids.
  Why that?  I don't know.
  But all of everything on this list, perhaps better than your fruity pebble.
  Yeah.
  Candy nightmare.
  I believe that.
  And then, and also, so also something called Dappy, which I was looking forward to talking  about, but I couldn't find a lot about Dappy.
  It was a Spencer's Gifts offshoot.
  I can't even tell really what demarcates it from other such places.
  It's full of like places with, you know, old fifties tins and we'll get into Sparky's.
  Dappy seems like a piece of trash we would obsess about.
  Like the sequel to Delgo.
  It's like, oh, they made Delgo and Dappy back to back.
  Jason Sheridan is Dappy.
  Oh man.
  I would kill to be in the Dappy remake.
  You kidding me?  We're very excited about the Dappy property.
  This was really could be the next Lego movie, we think.
  This reminds me of another problem with Mini Monster that I almost forgot about.
  They have these light bulb shaped glass drinking containers and they look like an upside down  light bulb.
  They're not exclusive to Mini Monster.
  I've seen them other places, but they're glass and there's signs everywhere saying, if you  buy this, you cannot take it into the park.
  So it's like an impossible situation because you want people, because then if you buy the  glass thing, I think you get a little more and they tack an extra six or seven dollars  on.
  Yes.
  That's what they told me.
  That's crazy.
  And then I found, I have found other stores in CityWalk that sell glass drinks and it's  like drink it now or take it home, but fuck you.
  You can't bring glass into the park, which is a good call.
  Of course.
  It's an odd conundrum.
  Right.
  They'd have to hold the glass for you and you could pick it up on the way out, but that's,  that would be so much of a pain in the ass.
  Oh, well you would need glass lockers.
  You would need plane tickets.
  Check in booth, a concierge.
  Oh boy.
  We're finding a lot of complaints and I just found one too.
  I looked up who IROC was to see if I could say one of IROC's famous catchphrases at the  end of the, it's the TJ Miller.
  I got the TJ Miller.
  Sector four is cursed.
  Oh no, who's Shodo?  I'm not sure about Shodo.
  Jason is Shodo.
  I think it might be IOI.
  No, it is 101 Avatar.
  He seems to be like one of many of like a group of soldiers.
  So I think you got no actor on yours.
  Yeah.
  What do we know about Shodo?  Shodo, let me see if this is.
  Oh my God.
  Young Shodo was voiced by Brian Singer and old Shodo was voiced by Chris Hardwick.
  What the fuck?  The curse of sector four.
  Miss points.
  All right.
  Well, any other closing thoughts on this cursed sector?  Oh boy.
  The last cursed sector, the first cursed sector or the only cursed sector?  Probably not the only one.
  Oh God, I hope.
  Well, but we've covered it and here now is the stone for sector four.
  It is shaped like a stray fruity pebble, but much bigger.
  Thank you, sector keeper.
  We will add this to the group of 19 once we've collected them all like a Funko.
  Yes.
  Follow any info about Shodo?  We're waiting for you.
  Sorry, sorry.
  Yes.
  Shodo is Toshiro Yoshiaki and he's a Japanese Gunter.
  Is that right?  G-U-N-T-E-R who attempts to win Halliday's Easter egg hunt.
  Oh, and he's a fierce warrior.
  No complaints there.
  No complaints.
  Shodo will lift us out of the curse.
  And stay tuned next episode when we find out what the sector keeper gets.
  All right.
  See you tomorrow.
  See you tomorrow.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production, executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram, at  Forever Dog Team, and liking our page on Facebook.
