 Forever.
.
.
  Dog!  When your town has let you down  When your port has fallen short  When you're too worn out to run  And need some ribs or a Cinnabon  You need a place, a place for rock  A place for roll  A place where Oakland Raiders merch is sold  A sublime hot topic and billabong  A place where you can purchase a candy thong  So let's go take a walk  Let's all go to City Walk  Tonight, tonight  There's no way of knowing  Jason Sheridan  Hi, I'm here too  Yes, and we're joined by a returning guest who is here  I think in one of our most well-received episodes  He was talking about one of the craziest things we've talked about, Hard Rock Park  And now back to talk about an area of City Walk much less interesting than that  Jason Walliner  Thanks for having me back, guys.
 I'm very excited to be a part of this series  Very happy to have you back  And I realized before doing this that this is your  I mean, we ended up splitting that other episode in two  So this technically is your third episode  Which makes you the top running guest of the show  You really are, I would say, the Alec Baldwin of Podcast The Rock  True insult  What do you mean?  You're good enough to be one of us  You could be one of the podcast  And if you had gone down a different path, you could have been one of those  One of the not ready for podcast players  As Scott said earlier to us before we all met up, you were in the three timers club  Am I the whole three timers club?  You are the three timers club  So stretch out, enjoy it while you got her  And Jason, you just had a baby recently  That's correct  That sounded like you were setting up for a Byron Allen comics unleashed moment  I am so officially setting myself up for a Byron Allen comics unleashed moment  So we wanted to get you a baby  Oh my god, that's so nice of you  And I think it will become apparent what it is when you take that rubber band off  It's a scroll, I'm taking the rubber band  Off, and I'm unfurling it, oh my god  It is a legit map of Hard Rock Park  This is an original opening  This is incredible  Definitely framing it and putting it in my child's room  We were hoping it would go in the nursery  So your child can see that they too can accomplish great things  I'll tell him as soon as he can talk, just every day, that one day I'll take him to Hard Rock Park  And just describe it as this wondrous place  You and me, bud  And then one day I'll tell him the truth, or I'll just play him the episode  I'll send him the link one day, we won't be speaking probably at that point  Forget him on a plane to Myrtle Beach  Yeah, I love the map, there's actually a picture of that guy from the banana splits and an arrow  These are all the hits, the life in the fast lane  Let's just do that episode again  It is an actively cumbersome piece of paper  Imagine carrying this around in 100 degrees with humidity  That's how they would just hand that out at the park  That's the park map, yeah that's the map  Because you would think it would be more like the Disneyland map  Which is just a tiny little tourist camp  It's very big  But there is, yeah, there's the bare metal families here  Winston the punk rock dog is represented  Oh man, you haven't listened to the episode guys  Go stop right now, go back and listen  There's over three hours of it  If you joined us for City Walk  I'm sick of these people who came only to listen to the City Walk series  We have a whole show, guys  Don't ignore the rest of podcasts  There's actually something we didn't cover in the episode in here  There's actually a lot  But one of them, I think we had a good hour on the hideous statues throughout the park  And the one with the, well we could have guessed this  The one with the cow with a rockabilly hairdo and all these udders  It was like really unsettling  Shoot at you and razz you  That found's name is Rock Cow Billy  Oh wow  That is such a leap  I feel like I time traveled to five months ago  We're just, we're in a temporal loop  That's a bigger leap than the roadies of the roadies stunt show  Who do get very hurt in that YouTube video  The guy leaves, that's right, he stumbles away  I have bare metal family on my phone  On occasion I will just play it  Cause I'll rip it off of  Yeah I don't know, I mean I'm not gonna play it now  We don't have to  We have to get through this  These sectors  We have to get through  The four of the most boring things  So this is only sector three  Are you gonna release this third?  Are you releasing the sectors in order?  Yes, this is only three  So we're like bright and bushy tailed right now  We don't know where this is gonna go  We don't know how tired we'll get  This might be the start of kind of a decline  Because you know sometimes we end up with guests and I say  So why'd you pick this topic?  And I feel like I know your answer on this one  Which is that others were chosen  This I, yeah I didn't find out  I didn't find out about this until too late  And I emailed you and you told me all the good ones had been taken  Was there one you would have wanted given anything?  Oh, no probably not, I don't know  What's been the best one?  What's been the most fruitful sector?  This is only the third  We don't know  Right now it's mostly crepe  So far crepes and water coffins  Do you have like if somebody were to have said like  Said like a month or two ago  Favorite city walk place  Do you have one that comes to mind?  I guess bubble gums but just like  I don't know  Yeah, I don't know  What's city walk? I've done the indoor skydiving  I've been to Margaritaville a bunch lately  Us too  Congratulations  I haven't gone to the Churrasqueria  Have I gone there?  It is crazy  I always forget that there was a full Brazilian steakhouse  Oh, that's right, yeah  Is there still a Bucat de Bepo there?  Oh yeah, there sure is  We walked by there tonight  We did a full pass even though we didn't make you stay at your sector  No, we got to walk around a little bit  You took the full tour  Anything you now  That you passed by that you wish was in your sector  No, I don't think so  I wasn't coveting any sectors  When we were walking around  I don't know, it's all city walk  This is inaccurate  This is what anyone's opinion of this would be  But you know, there's some fun stuff in this one  I guess  Do we just go in list order?  Well, let's throw it to the sector keeper  Oh, that's right  That's who will decide  We take you now to our friend the sector keeper  Boys, today's sector is sector 3  Universal Studio Store  Ludo Bird  Francesca's  Sublime Gifts and Finds  Good luck, boys  Thank you  Well, I guess we should do it in the order that he suggested  Which is I think in backwards order of interest  So let's start with the most interesting one  The Universal Studio Store  Which is the basic  I think it's cool that there's something  Like the world of Disney  At downtown Disney  There's a store that gives you some of the universal experience  And where you can go buy the merchandise  Without having to  What's the marriage metaphor  And get the milk for free  Without having to get the milk for free  Uh huh  I messed that up  So do you think a lot of people will just go there instead of the theme park?  So do you think a lot of people will just go there instead of the theme park?  So do you think a lot of people will just go there instead of the theme park?  I definitely think that, yes  I definitely think that, yes  And they go back to their hometowns  And they impress their friends  And this was just  I stopped in a store for a second  While doing all the rides  And just hoping to death that the lie's going okay  And they don't look cheap  How many people that are tourists just go to City Walk?  That's like  That's the weirdest thing about that  Studio store  I know it's the downtown Disney as well  Like they have the world of Disney store  But wouldn't you think every tourist  Goes to the theme park, not just to City Walk?  The locals are probably  Buying less merch  That would be a guess  I would think the only people going up there just to buy  Merch at the studio store  Who are locals are like heading for the Harry Potter stuff  Like if you got a kid  Or a family member  Or a nephew, something like that  And you know they're really into Harry Potter  You know, because half that store is Harry Potter stuff now  And that part looks pretty nice  Yeah, they redid that  They redid this whole store not too long ago  I will say, I don't think anyone  Was buying anything while we were in there  And we were in there  It was a pretty busy time at City Walk  But I felt like no one was really  I would say in all the stores we went in  The cashier was making long eye contact with me  Because she didn't have anything to do  All the different cashiers were not very busy  This studio store is also like  Spitting distance from  The studio store as you're exiting  The park, so if people are buying  Like, that was a great day, I want to get a souvenir  They may have already done it  Like, you know, 20 feet ago  Yeah  But I mean obviously  It's there, we don't know  The analytics, there must be some analytics  That show that this is a good idea  That people buy things here  Like giant donuts  I was eyeing the giant donuts  Big Simpsons looking donuts  Baked fresh daily  That kind of looks fake  Because they're so big  Grotesque mutant donut  That has been like, I don't know  Mutated at the power plant  But they bake them fresh  And then they just sit in a  Shelf in a box in a room temperature  To be bought by no one  Yeah, they are not  I'm supposing that they are bought, they are not bought  Yeah, and when you say bake them fresh  Is that, do you think they probably make them there on site?  Like a Disney type thing?  That's what the sign said, yeah  It says baked fresh daily  There's a full backstage like bakery and confectionary  To support the theme park  I would think there has to be  And you dream of it each night  I mean  Lying at the end of the conveyor belt  I guess I'm skeptical because Disney is so  Transparent with their bakery  There are people you can watch as your  Like candy cane is made or your fudge  And like with the universal  We don't get to see fudge being made  Right? Am I wrong?  Is there a live fudge  Display at universal anywhere?  I don't think being made  No  Maybe if you're lucky you get to see it  Being loaded into the case  You get to see a tray being loaded into the case  If you're lucky you get to see the fudge being loaded into the tray  A truck from Laverne, California  Unloading crates of fudge  That's close enough for you  I declared this to be the most interesting one  Are we out already?  We're still getting our sea legs in this series  Well here's an interesting thing  So the one end  The end furthest into city walk  That used to be  The things from another world  Which we'll talk about in a much later sector  The comic store  Used to be  A pretty normal  A pretty cramped comic store  And they  Had a good amount  Of comics in there  For such a tiny space  But then when universal was looking to expand  The studio store it was right next to it  So they cordially  They were like  We'll move you down to a different space  How did you know it was cordially  I feel like that was what  There was a story about  Or like we're moving  You know they seem excited  They seem excited about it  Okay, but you're speculating on the cordialness  But the sign was like we're willingly moving  Don't worry  We're moving down the block  No to our customers, we were not forced out  A very polite conversation happened  And we loved what's happening  Not gunpoint  Um  You know we caught you  I feel like I heard there was something  We got you  It's fine, we're happy about it  We get more space  So there used to be no studio store there  There was a studio store but it would stop before  They expanded over  To the comic store area  Is that what is now Harry Potter  No the other end  So we were looking at the world's best bod  And like world's greatest ad  That was like the comic store  Okay, so that's all right  Fake awards, a good amount of like  Bart Simpson  Drink receptacles  A bunch of minion heads  Um  There's like slippers that you  Potentially put your foot into Homer's mouth  That's nice  There's a wall  There's one  One high end section is about half  Back to the future memorabilia  Yes  There's a signed Mr.
 Fusion  Signed by all of the cast  And the creatives  Five grand, is that how much it was?  Five thousand dollars?  Above that is a signed  Leah Thompson photo  With a little photo of her  Nowadays  Looking unhappy holding  The photo that you're buying  That little photo was in the  Certificate of Authenticity  I learned this at some point  In California if you want to sell  Something that's autographed you have to have  Some sort of certificate of authenticity  But what  Any criteria for a certificate  Because can that just be forged  Just as easily as anything else?  I guess so, I feel like there's some sort of way  You have to go about it  Is taking a photo of the person with the autograph  Like the poor man's certificate of authenticity  You know like poor man's copyright  Where you have to like mail it to yourself  Just like just take a picture of the person with it  And they're giving it a thumbs up  Any piece of memorabilia as long as you have a photo of  Leah Thompson holding it with a scowl  Was that a cry for help?  Was that like when like kidnappers  Make someone take a picture holding  That day's news  She was holding the hill valley  Leah Thompson trying to send us a message  Yeah she's been kidnapped  She's in the back area  At Universal that they  The sign just says fudgery on it  But there is no fudge being made back there  Just a table and a trapped  Leah Thompson  Let's get her out, save Leah  Well there's a head of that transformer  That you told me about  Well there's a bumblebee head  But I was more interested in the  Character specific to the ride, Evac  Which is the evacuation vehicle  That everyone is in that's trying to get out  And he's trying to avoid all of the  Evil Decepticons  You're in Evac  So I was telling you guys that you're in  Evac and I guess for some reason  Nobody knew what I was talking about  Because you're in a blue car  You're not in Evac  No that's it  Are you in his back?  Or you're in his car body?  His head is above your head  Well it's kind of in the engine right?  Wherever the heads go  There's no head, you're in a blue car  But it's in the front  You do hear his voice a lot  I never even  Thought we were in that guy though  Well you hear a lot of voices  In the ride so it could be  Right I didn't know we were part of a guy  You hear an open roof  But then at the end  Remember at the end, this belongs of course  In a full length Transformer episode  At the end when you decide  That no we're going to be the heroes  We're not going to just, he says I'm sick of running  Right? Is that something like that?  And he punches the All Spark  I'm not running anymore and then we kind of  Go closer to whatever the evil  Guy's name is  Megatron, thank you  Do you remember this part, the fist comes out of  The EVAC vehicle and he gets a  Real solid punch  On the screen or like physical? On the screen  Yeah so like your car runs up to him  But then the car sprouts an arm  And it just shoves this arm into the  Chest with the All Spark in it  Oh yes yeah yeah yeah  So that's EVAC's arm, so that's the head  You never get to see EVAC fully  So no one's, you think a single person's bought that head?  No I don't  I don't think anyone's bought EVAC's head  I just liked seeing it there  Do you think they have a way to ring it up if you want to buy it?  Yeah I'll take the EVAC  Oh I don't even know, we lent  Our ladder, we lent our  Step ladder to the other store  I don't even know how to get it  Does anyone, who has the keys?  I feel like we never got that key  This is unshatterable glass also  There's no way back there, there's nothing we can do  I don't want the audience to send me  Gifts, but  I would happily accept EVAC's  Giant head  I would be so happy  Inconvenient amount of money  Someone is just going to send you  A head  Is this what you meant?  This is  When I was, I was up there  A while back when this was, when we were beginning  This series  Not realizing we would all be touring it together  I wanted to make sure I covered the studio  Store, if I didn't get the chance later  And I was in that little  It's this little hallway  And one side is a mirror and the other side is this display case  With the nice stuff, like the head of EVAC  And there was a big ET there  And I was just standing there taking pictures  And then this group of guys came up  Which my natural inclination is  Oh no, young people  They're going to bother me, they're probably  They found something to pick on me for already  Instead, these guys started roasting  Everything in the case, and it was  A delight, watching them do it  They were saying, you know  One of them said to the other  Where they pointed at ET and said, that's what you look like naked  And then they  Started talking to me  And they asked me  They just pointed at ET and EVAC  Without naming either of them  And they said, who would you be more  Upset if you went on a Tinder date  And it ended up being one of them  Who would you be more upset about  And I said  I'd be more upset about EVAC  Because he's big  And his dick might be  Like an exhaust pipe or something  And he might crush me or blow steam at me  And they instead  And they said  You'd be mad if you got catfished by  This guy  And then they'd veered away from me  Because one of the guys thought  Of a joke, he pointed at the Mr.
 Fusion  And he said, what's that, a new slap chop?  And  Teens are so good  At roasting  And that was so  Funny that all three of them  Went running around the store  Sprinting around the store  Saying, oh shit, oh shit  Watching these guys  They were having such a blast  It was three guys ripping on theme park stuff  It was like this alternate  Universe version of us who, I don't know  I'm sorry to say, might have been funnier  They were  For sure funnier  I thought about what's that, a new slap chop  Done since then  So whoever you guys were  You gave me a lot of laughs  And thanks for not being mean to me  Like I still assume anyone younger  Than me is going to be  That's a really nice story  Yeah, yeah  So good memories  There, I was to any good awards  Anyone noticed, there's those weird  Off-brand Oscars  I took a picture of, let me see  Oh, I just took a picture of one  That's, you know, it's like, it's best mom  And best dad, best girlfriend  And best body, that was funny  Best dog sitter  Was one of them  But then very miserably  On the bottom shelf  Bottom is best me  So you, the person who goes to  Universal  Doesn't want to pay the price to get into the store  Or get into the theme park rather  Just goes to the store  And then wants something to remember  Is non-tripped Universal  Buys himself  A best me, looks in the mirror  This, this, I mean  Universal in general  Kind of has to  Because it's like, Hollywood  Baby, you know, California  Los Angeles, like  When you're in Orlando  In Universal or Disney, there's not a lot of racks of like  Orlando!  Crap, you know  Because people are coming from all over the  World, all over America  And, you know, they want to  They inevitably will buy  Some, like, Los Angeles  Postcards, or Hollywood postcards  So they keep a lot more of that, I feel like  Than other parks  Yeah, but the thing that I really love in any of these  Hollywood sections, and this is true of  The Studio Store, it's true in Hollywood Boulevard, it's true of  Any movie theme park  The off-brand Oscars  Is a really fun thing, because the Oscars  Are really specific about their  Their golden man holding  The sword, and the way that, the exact way  That's framed, so the off-brand  Ones where it's like, well he's holding his arms  The other way, and he's holding  A big star, or  Like, or a film reel  Or, like  Or, you know, or his chest  Is like two tattoos of cameras  Or, like  Yes, we wouldn't want to dishonor  The dignity of the Oscars  The Academy Awards  But I, maybe that's a business to get into  Is designing  Rearranged  Oscar statues  What if it's just like a tiny evac painted gold  That's the ultimate gift  That's for Universal, that should be, that's what they really should do for  Universal, they should have their characters in gold  With these different things, so like  ET in gold, and it would say  Best friend  Or something  Or like Ricky Ricardo  Best band leader  Norman Bates  Everyone's favorite Universal Studios  Character  Best clerk  Best hotel operator  Cindy Lou  Least crazy guy  Like a golden  Like a golden, like buff man  But then just the head is Woody  Woodpecker's head  And he's best mischief maker  Fallon  Best host  The people who pretend to be from New York  Who yell at you on the street when you walk by  Best  Best working class couple  I walked by that  Today, because I went in there for a few minutes  And like no one  Maybe you guys have covered this already, no one pays  Attention to them  And like it looks like they might just  Live there, and the deal is they have to  Be mic'd  And like just sit at the window  They weren't even like doing New York accents  Anymore, I thought  They were real New York, you know, point, anyway  When we were  When we were there, weren't they doing a bit with Beetlejuice?  Yeah, I think they were yelling at Beetlejuice  And they were like, hey Beetlejuice, what are you doing?  And then like he'd have  Be like, ah, I'm just on the street here, and then the woman  Would be like, no, I won't  I won't go out on a date with you, Beetlejuice  And then he's like, ah, come on  Come on, and they're doing a bit, and then you're saying  No one's paying attention.
 I saw people taking pictures  With a Beetlejuice today, who  Knows who Beetlejuice is anymore  He's like  One of the top five of universal characters  What do people think he is?  Like, a weird guy?  Just a ghost, a crazy clown  The walker-lion  He's it, they think he's it  That is like, do you think  People know Lucy better?  Because there's still a Lucy walk-around character  Lucy versus Beetlejuice? Still on TV  Yeah, that's true  Beetlejuice, you gotta be a cinephile to know about  That's a good point  Some random kid  There's a rumor about a new Beetlejuice movie every year though  That's one of those  The AV Club, I think if you  Added up all the AV Club articles over the years  15% of them are about a  Beetlejuice reboot that I'll never have  We're Bill and Ted 3  10% are about Bill and Ted 3  Big wave  25% is every time  Arrested Development might come back  These  Stories power the blogosphere  It's what it's all  Hanging off of  It's important  Best blogger  That's good  Best pod mass  Assembler  Best  We should be nice to them, shouldn't we?  They haven't written about the show yet  Write about the show, cowards  If you want your gold instead  If you don't want a best coward statue  include us in pod mass  That'll do it  Best coward  That's the most restraint I've exercised  Doing the social media for the show  is not just tweeting after a few months  at AV Club  Go, cowards  Hey Vulture  Split sire, Vulture comedy  Whatever you're calling yourself, you're in the clear  You've mentioned us a few times  We want that 50 listener  boost  You all give us  The best boost  That's enough of that, let's move on to  Luda Bird  A restaurant that you  guys both ate at  and I had in the past  What did you think?  Let's talk about the experience of it  Because we were at the  counter for what felt like  25 minutes waiting for  someone to come  We were there right at dinner time, right as the parks  like, gliding out for the day  The kid who was working there, and I say kid because  he was a child  He seemed like he was 16  There was fear in his eyes  Did you notice this?  I felt so bad for him  because he was running and doing 10 different jobs  I think he had braces  I think there was a whole thing going on  There was also 3 people back in the kitchen  I don't know what they were doing  And he was working so hard  So it's not his fault, it's the management  at Ludo Bird  or whatever the hell it's called  So you blame Ludo  Put the fryer, put down  the serving plate at  Petit Choua  Choua Mac  Papa Monti Universal, full of chefs  He's spending most of his time at City Walk  Right?  He's gotta keep an eye on that one  Not making TV shows, which they were playing clips of  The many Netflix shows  he's made guest appearances on  Who is it? Who's the guy?  It's this very famous foodie chef  Ludo  who has some  really good restaurants in LA  but also had this truck serving this  chicken and then made it into  a few franchise-y places  that are pretty mediocre  not great  not something you would say  like, oh, you have  I remember someone telling me about  the chicken truck years ago  Oh yeah, it's the best fried chicken  You would never say that about  Ludo Bird and City Walk  It might be one of the best  quick service  options  up at City Walk  I think in terms of chicken  I would hunt out in LA, it's been laughed by  Dave's and  Hell and Rays, the hot chicken places  If we're gonna talk about hot chicken, let's get going on it  because we have had hot chicken fever for over a year now  The wait here  wasn't quite as long as a Hell and Rays  but it  was different because there was no one online  The excitement level was a little bit lower  There's no music playing  There's no fun employees  They do the fun  weight part  to build the anticipation  That also happened when I went to  Menchies, which I know is a different  sector, but I went to Menchies  Don't anger the sector, Keech and Jason  I'm just saying  I finished making my little thing  and I realized  is there a cashier  in this establishment?  Oh yeah, I never saw one  They turned out to be standing right next  to me, and that was why, but they weren't  behind the counter, I think they were cleaning up  You thought about running out with it  I mean, I was also thinking about  just doing a free sample  down the line, but it was a little crowded  You did the sample  and then you did the main  I did the sample and I liked what I had, so I just got it  Black cherry  Tart, black cherry, very good  Simple one flavor?  No idea, twist with original Tart  and then I put a lot of chocolate and peanut butter stuff on it  Best?  We're not allowed to talk about this though  Saludo  You guys both had sandwiches  How were your sandwiches? I had a spicy chicken sandwich  The ingredients  were good tasting, like the sauce  is good, and there's like a pickled  onion and stuff, the chicken was definitely  very cold  and I think it had been  sitting around a while because they had  told you that they didn't have  Well yeah, so I ordered a grilled chicken  and I gave him my credit card  He said I'll be right back  and he disappeared for five minutes  and I forgot that I had a  sign or anything, so I was just like I'll let him go  whatever, and then he very quietly  and she officially came up to the table and was like  Oh I need you to sign this, could you please sign this?  And I was like, oh yeah, sure  of course, and then I'm sorry, I forgot, no that's okay  So then he took the thing back  and then he quietly came up as if  he was a director giving me a note  or something, like he didn't want to embarrass me in front of  him, we were out of the grilled chicken sandwich  would  something else be okay? And I was like yeah  and give me anything, spicy  chicken, and I was like sure, yeah okay  And then he basically had it in his hand  and then he just handed it to me  and yes, it was like  again, the ingredients were good, but it was  pretty cold  the chicken itself was pretty cold, which I've  eaten at Ludo before and  this was by far the coldest  I've had at Ludo  It was definitely cold  And again, not this kid's fault  No, no, no  Ludo's cold chicken  Ludo's coldest chicken  You're tired of the odd chicken, Chris  We had a honey, we had a honey drenched  Which was good  We went here after  the, we did it out of order  sorry sector keeper, but I  got it, we got it after the  water coffins and  that made me  sick, this wasn't good  Yeah, this isn't a good  restaurant, or whatever is going on  they need, it's  I feel like a lot of restaurants are kind of like  sort of, what's  the, not, like bait and run  that's probably not it, but like they're  started, there's a grand opening, the guy  checks everything, alright, it looks  perfect, and he never comes  again, it's just stressed out teenagers  you never get it right, and it's not  their fault, because they aren't equipped to do so  like once you're past the opening  ceremony, it places like City Walk, nobody  ever checks in again, that's I think City Walk  you can franchise yourself out  and if it's  bad, it doesn't matter  it, you know  it's like making a TV show now, no one  sees it, it just goes  out into the ether  and you never hear about it again, who knows  how would I even look that up  no way to tell anymore  look, this is a thousand factors  that's what the teenager  would tell me about the chicken  no, this used to be  Jody Moroni Sausage Kingdom  one of the finest names  of an establishment I have  ever heard, I think I ate there once  or twice, and founded a very serviceable  sausage establishment  I liked it  I've never actually, I never had the pleasure  of eating at Jody Moroni's  I've never traveled to the kingdom  you  well, you know, you served at the pleasure  of the king  King Moroni  did you have to say my liege after you ordered my liege  it's a very cordial  pot tucker  my napkin  my napkin and my plastic  fork and my tray  to serve  Jody Moroni  there's a kind of a trend  and Jody Moroni's was part of this  I think, because this was originally  just a single restaurant  in Venice Beach, it was a Venice Beach favorite  in City Walk I think some of the idea of it  was to kind of  borrow or co-opt  you might say, LA  favorites, I think there's been a history  of that, things that maybe there's, there has not  been a second location of and they do  now it's become a place that co-ops  Portland favorites  with, I mean  Buddha Donuts is an example of that, many monster  but they did it with, there was a Tommy's  I forget if there still is one, Pink's  Gladstones, which got  replaced by Bubba Gumps, but yeah  it's kind of this like, City Walk's  like the man  like snatching up  indie bands and signing them  but then not letting them do their thing  yeah, stifling their creativity  yeah, the sausage king  the real sausage kingdom  was, they've been crazy hot dog ideas  everyone  not everyone ate there  but everyone who did started a band  started a sausage  a sausage king restaurant  so, yeah alright, that's not  good either, let's keep going  Francesca  come on, center three, I have literally  not a note about Francesca's  which one was?  Francesca's the one we went in first or second  it's really just like clothing  and it's like a little bit of  kind of, gifty nonsense  you see, Francesca started back in 1999  when we opened our first  boutique in Houston, Texas  and filled it with a winsome collection  of hand picked merchandise  women everywhere instantly fell  in love with us, so that we now  have over 700  boutiques in 48 states  across the country  and counting, and then we also  launched our online boutique  francescas.
com, so you can shop  serve or play, whatever it strikes  your fancy, that's right from the Francesca's  website  did they become a sponsor?  did you, something I didn't read  it enough, it's something, it was maybe  Asian owned  it's just like an importer company  that does cute stuff  I mean, I know they have  carefully curated clothing  bright baubles, bold accessories, and playful  gifts, well you don't know that, you're just  no, he's doing it, he's doing it  all off the top of his head  he's not reading that  I mean, it was  a lot of knickknacks, it was a lot  of knickknacks, and one side  of clothing, I don't want to get ahead of  ourselves, but I spotted  some bath treats that were very  similar to the nectar bath  treats that will be coming up in a future sector  they were, you know, they were  like food shaped bath treats  bath bombs and soaps  and was not, not the first  appearance in this sector  of food based  treats, because that comes up in sublime  gifts as well, there was a lot of  oh sorry, oh no no no, go for it  I was just saying, there is a crossover with this and  sublime gifts of a lot of  stuff like a glass of  wine that says binge watching and  boozing are my favorite  stuff like that, or for a man  a beer cozy that says  this guy needs a beer  and then there is a little purse  that I, I don't know if it's  for an avocado  that you put in like a little purse  but it says time for avacardio  which I don't, is that  that means eating an avocado?  Like instead of  exercising, like the mouth workout you get from  eating an avocado, which is not like a  not strenuous, not strenuous and also  not like a crazy snack  indulgence, you'd be like  time for my cake sur-size or something  that would make more sense  and then one that we found that just a little  shot glass with a picture  of a cactus that says  feeling fan cactus  is one of the worst  versions of those kind of things  I found, I bought  an item from the store  which I don't need to unwrap on the air  because I know what it is, but I'd like to  see it again.
 The audience wants to feel though  you unwrapping.
 Yeah yeah, listen to that  binaural, binaural presentation  if you wouldn't mind.
 Yeah, do you feel like you're in great  moments with Mr.
 Lincoln?  So I bought a shot glass  that says, that has  a bird on it and it says  McCaw me maybe  and that's something I  oh now, I like it  I'm a Carly Rae Jepson fan  so I'm excited to have this  and the back of, wait I  oh yeah, on my patio I have a  sign that I bought in San Diego  that's something about like  two cans for the price  of one, I forget.
 So this  will go along with that, I'll drink  I'll stare at that two can  sign while I drink from this McCaw  shot glass and  I'll be very satisfied with my life  Lot of  crossover too in both stores  lot of unicorn  stuff.
 What have you declared the  year of the unicorn? Is that  There was a unicorn display at Ralph's  over here in Burbank, like the unicorn  everyone is doing it  Really? Yeah, I don't know why but it is  Starbucks is going on drinks  You know I like those drinks though  I haven't had one yet but it's  But you will, you know you will  Blue and purple.
 What do they call it?  Unicorn tears? Unicorn frappe or something  Unicorn tears  Or am I thinking of liberal  tears? You might be thinking of the new  Pixar Pier Bing Bong's candy shop because  you can eat Bing Bong's tears  What do they look like?  It's not open yet  But they are hyping the tears  The candy tears  I found a book in this  store called Book of Questions  And it says, I don't know if you guys  saw this, it says spark fun conversations  and get to know friends and family  better.
 So there are  maybe ten  pages in this book  And on each page there  is one question  And I will just read a couple of them  What's the best compliment you've ever been given?  I will read  a second one  What would your answer be for that one?  You know what? Good point.
 Let's all do this  Oh shit  Let's all do the Book of Questions.
 Jason, thank you so much for that suggestion  I think that  I think that podcast arrived  We could get to know each other even better  And Book of Questions  So Jason Sheridan, I would like you  to go first.
 What's the best compliment  you've ever been given?  I don't know  You know what? I'll say this.
 Anytime  someone says  that I was funny  or I did something funny, it  always means a lot  That's nice.
 Scott, what do you think?  You don't have to be funny.
 We can just say  serious things  This isn't the best one  ever, but it was  a big honor when I  performed at my high school  talent show and I won  the category of best miscellaneous  I consider that an award  compliment  I sang Kiss from a Rose  and it was  a lot of fun and I'm glad  to have been recognized but kept separate  from the rest of the singers  Jason?  I have nothing  I have blacked out any  compliment I've received in my life  Hey, nice  Lacoste shoes  That's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me  Sweet! That's my best compliment  What about when someone  told you great imposter  syndrome?  Mike? I'm trying to think  and also could I  keep our compliments more at the front of  our brains? It'll help us get through  the times that we're getting very few  compliments or three star  reviews.
 Don't you feel disgusting if someone  compliments you?  It's so shameful  Yeah  You gotta land somewhere between  You can't like swat it down  hard because that  embarrasses the other person.
 There's no gracious way  to take a compliment  It's cruel to compliment someone  You think so?  If you're like  oh thanks it was nothing  then you hear yourself being  falsely humble.
 Even if you're not being  false about it, it's like  I sound like I'm being falsely  modest  You don't want to acknowledge if someone  said what you just did was very funny or  very good, you're like hell yeah it is  but you don't want to do that because that seems like you're crazy  but also if you were doing something  that you put together or you did a performance  you thought it was good or you wouldn't have done it  but you have to meet it in the middle  you have two conflicting things at once that are happening in your brain  Yeah and I've done the thing  where if someone compliments a thing  that you don't really  think is good that you were involved with  then yeah to say that to them is like  to be like you're an idiot.
 Why would you like that?  You're like oh yeah  that wasn't very good, yeah that didn't come out very good  but thanks.
 I had a lot of problems  It makes me happy if somebody compliments  something I did that I know that I had  trouble with at any point  and I think I like to tell people that  I'm like oh good I'm glad it worked out  Yes I do that too because there was this moment  where it was not good and I'd know what it  could have been.
 But don't you still think they're lying?  They're the person giving the call?  I'm suspicious but I don't always  think for sure.
 That's nice  You know what the line  this is the exact line for  me about anything I've made or an episode  of the podcast.
 If anyone  can name one specific  from the thing  I know that they watched it and they thought  oh you know what I should say is that I liked that  if they just say they liked the thing I think they're  then they're lying.
 Yeah that's true  or the thing  they did like it but it sort of  failed on some level because nothing  actually broke through.
 But if  I get a compliment on a line  a dialogue in something  that's a good hack moving forward  when you're complimenting someone next  I'm gonna do it right now to Jason  Milder because I just  a few days ago for the first  time watched All That Jazz and  I had a much bigger appreciation of the  finale of Eagle Heart of the  last season of Eagle Heart  having watched that.
 That's the nicest  compliment I've ever gotten.
 Thank you  even not that you appreciated  that you remember  it and acknowledge that  it was a thing that existed.
 I thought it was very funny  at the time and I kind of  had a vague notion I was like  oh I know All That Jazz  like I know this ID  but I didn't really remember it that well but sitting  down and watching the movie from start to finish  I was like oh now I like.
 It's such a good movie  no that's true anytime like anytime I have  something like that like I yeah I'm  proud of that and if someone  liked it I feel close to them  and want to talk to them for longer than  they probably want to talk to me.
  Oh so it opens floodgates.
 Yeah  yeah yeah.
 No that's very nice Jason.
  It was interesting to watch a legitimate  compliment exchange happen and see how you  responded to it and I think you did  well with the compliment.
 You know what it was actually moving to me  so I take back everything  I said before I don't think you're an  idiot for liking something that I did.
  Oh god it's great.
  It's also just balancing out my karma for  drunkenly accosting  you at a party nine years  ago or something when I first moved to LA.
 Wait when?  Which party? Was that a Funny or Die party?  Yeah.
 Were we together and you were like  I want to know how much I'm judging so long there.
  Jason told me he was going to go  attack you.
 Did we know each other already?  No I mean I had only been in  the city like a year and a half.
 Can I remember  that? You were perfect  nice.
 No it was a lovely conversation.
 We  mostly talked about the best show.
 Oh  okay yeah.
 I remember that  that's crazy.
 I wasn't  I didn't see that conversation.
 Wait which party was it?  It was that Funny or Die party at that  what's that Sinus face  that got off of.
  They must  have broken fire codes.
  Oh my god.
 There was far too many people.
  That was yeah.
  Stressful.
 But you had a nice moment  within what is sort of a crazy  stressful party.
 I  took these pictures of this stupid book  thinking oh we're just going to  goof on this book.
 This  stupid fucking book.
 We're going to  oh four guys are just going to rip it up  laugh it up at this stupid  shit.
  This is what we're working in the entertainment  industry does.
 It just destroys your mind.
  You're like fucking compliments.
  The nicest moment that's  ever been on the podcast.
 It is because I was walking  through all these stores like  both being and trying not to be like  alright what's my take to make fun  of in these fucking places.
 It's like  wait what are we doing? No that's like  genuinely nice.
 This book is good.
  You should have bought the book.
  It's $60.
  Now let's talk about what do you meme  an adult party game for meme lovers.
  That was also on sale  in this store.
  Which is the exact thing funnier die did.
 Like  making captions for meme photos  they did funnier die the game  and you could buy that at Target.
  Well honestly the worst thing about memes is that you cannot  hold them on cards in your hand  at a party with your  adult friends and talk about how much  you love memes.
 Do you guys do  board games with  people? I have a lot of trouble with  that.
 Mike has looked over at  me because he knows I despise them.
  Okay.
  I like  Trivial Pursuit.
  I like that.
 I like Trivia games.
  I like that or I like the version  of Celebrity where like you write names  down and toss them in a hat.
  But then usually that it's like  alright now round two you can only say  three words and then round three you have  to act out the celebrity.
 You like get  very like worked up when  people suggest a game too.
 Like you get  like stressed out ahead of time.
 Like it feels like  you had bad game experiences as  you.
 I know my family would play them and  we all had a nice time.
 So what's the problem?  I think I like  talking more.
  I think I just force myself  to become a talker at some  point.
 So you're with people  you like.
 You want to have a free  really good position.
 You don't want to be put in a box.
  That's exactly it.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  I think I feel that bummer at  things where like okay now let's get down  to the task at hand.
  But there doesn't have to be a task at hand.
  Let's just hang.
  I'm honestly more okay with them like  one of those board game cafes  because you kind of know that's what you're  going for and that's what you're getting in.
 Those  feel weird to me.
  I've only been like  once or twice.
 That's too much of a show.
  It's a lot.
 Let's go in public and  do this.
 Seems weird to me.
 But at  least then you know the context you're walking  into.
 I see.
 I understand what you're saying.
 Yeah.
 Maybe you should try  playing the $400 Harry Potter  chess set that they have at the Universal  Studio store that we were at tonight.
  You might turn your right.
  It was in a cage too.
  Oh I didn't see that.
 Was it  the characters or was it? It's  like very ornate looking.
  It was in a cage.
 I thought a woman  guarding it but I think she was also selling wands.
  There's one woman's job which is to  guard this Harry Potter chess set.
  It's not even that expensive.
 No.
  It's less than the  Leah Thompson head or whatever you  call it.
 It was not a Leah Thompson head.
  It was a picture.
 I don't remember.
  So when the Transformers ride you're in Leah Thompson.
  That's what you're driving  around.
 And then in Back to the  Future, the old Back to the Future ride,  you would constantly be looking at  a picture of Evac that would be  dissolving.
 Disappearing.
 Yeah.
 Disappearing.
  George McFly is spying on Evac while  changing clothes in  his window.
 In ten  years when Back to the Future has been  remade and there are still ten more  Transformer movies and they cross over  because entertainment is a full  wasteland that will probably  happen.
 I mean, but that's going to be great  because Logan Paul's going to be Marty  and Jake Paul's going to be his  young father.
  Are these, is this, are  these like all ready to go as soon as Zemeckis  croaks and like  next week?  We've talked about this.
 Yeah, we think he's  day one as soon as  he's gone.
 I think Gale and Zemeckis have to be  in the ground.
 Dead.
 No, no, not dead.
 Not in the ground.
  Oh, I think Gale.
  Just not breathing for ten minutes.
  Have you guys seen the guy who did the video  about Back to the Future movies  predicting 9-11? No.
  Just look it up.
 It's the best  thing.
 It is  fully convincing.
 Do you have an example  of one way that it did? No, just look it up.
  Watch it on YouTube.
 It's one of, that's the  only thing I'll plug.
  It was made, I think the guy, it was the last  video he posted was three years ago.
  It is like the best edited, most beautiful  thing.
 It's not a crazy  person.
 It's someone who's like very smart.
  Whoa.
  It's something about like a  bigger thing of like  looking at reality in a different way.
  He's not like a crazy guy who actually  thinks this, I think, but it's  a real good watch.
 Whoa.
  Alright.
 Check it out.
 Best video.
  Yeah.
 And then he also  starts with this disclaimer with Tiny Type that's like  I just want to say I think Robert Zemeckis  is a great man.
 I don't think he knew about 9-11.
  Decided to do nothing.
  Whoa.
  Sounds like you do think that to propose.
  It's worth watching.
 Whoa.
  Alright.
  Well, you're not going to find any merch for that video  at the studio store.
  So do we have anything else in Francesca's?  Do we? Well, was it, was the  thing you just said from Francesca's or from  Sublime Gifts and Finds?  I think yours was from Francesca's,  right? That's the  compliment book.
 You're not going to be able to  compliment the store.
  It was, yeah, that was the second one we went  in.
 Do we never get to Sublime? They're  the same store.
 No, we went into Sublime.
  That's where all the signs were.
 So we went to both  but have we talked about them both? No, no.
  I haven't talked about Sublime.
  Alright, go for it.
 So, Sublime  Gifts and Finds, you know  this is the sort of, kind of  like, kitschy, it's  sort of kitschy, but then  it has like the illusions of like  a little more upscale  sort of gift shop sort of to  it.
 I mean, they have like  those Swell water bottles,  those airtight water bottles that are very popular  right now.
 They had some  patty wax candles, which is like  a higher end brand of candle.
  And  this is the only, the sort of  thing that can only exist in high traffic  areas or else you're  bringing in Marcus Lobotus and he's  going to redo it because  it's like, who  else is buying this stuff besides  like foot traffic, impulse  buys.
 Well, speaking of, in  the store, speaking of, we  found  casery phone cases from  a recent episode of The Prophet  and with no need to explain anymore  what that means.
 Y'all know casery.
  There was a really good episode  of the show that was a cliffhanger where  these kind of turdy guys  were, no, it was one turdy guy  and two non-turds  and they were all struggling to  make expensive cell phone cases  together.
 And then there's a schism  in the episode, but I don't want to spoil  it.
 But it was, yeah, once I realized  we were looking at honest to God casery,  I feel like we got to play to  this.
 We've gotten enough compliments,  the nice comps,  some of the nicest compliments I've ever received  about when we talk about The Prophet.
  So I feel like we have to.
 Yeah.
 So the  casery's still going strong,  but we know there's more to this story.
  There was a  rack of casery cases  in like a right, kind of  in the center of the store for sale.
  For thirty dollars?  For a cell phone case? Thirty dollars.
  Why would this ever be? Great margins.
  They said they paid like a dollar  a case wholesale.
  The margins on that are insane.
  That's, The Prophet in general  really opens your eyes to whenever you  think that something costs  too much money.
 It's always, what do you charge  for that? Sixty.
 What does it cost you to make?  Forty-five cents.
  I mean, that's this entire store.
  That was this entire store.
  It's a lot of, a lot of  wooden sign.
 I wrote down some of  them.
  Some of my favorites.
  This is  another thing that's kind of popular right  now, and it's a little befuddling to me,  is the, is Mermaids? Cause there was  like a bunch of, like,  bikinis? No, sorry.
  Kind of pissed about not being a  mermaid.
 That was a sign.
  Mermaids don't lose sleep  over the opinions of shrimp.
  That is a play on lions don't  lose sleep over the opinions of  sheep.
 What? But about mermaids.
  You never heard that saying? I don't think so.
  It's like an aggro, like,  dude saying.
  You can find it a lot of different, like, Instagram  photos.
  It's about not losing sleep  over dudes.
 About  not losing, so like, the one I've  seen, the phrase I  forget where, what this is traced back to  it's lions don't lose sleep  over the opinions of sheep.
 Oh, but the  mermaid thing flips it.
 The mermaid flips it.
  So like, mermaids don't lose sleep over  the opinions of shrimp.
  I'd say both are true.
  Yeah.
 Both are true.
  Nature.
 Both are true.
  No coffee, no workie.
  That was surprising to see.
  That is definitely a play  on no, what is it?  No tiki, no laundry, which is not  acceptable.
 This is a thing you would  see still at any point.
  At any farm, probably.
  They have like, or maybe  not anymore, but up until two recently.
  I bet we can find one down there.
  There's a Chinese laundry there, and I think  there's a sign.
 In Old West Town?  Yeah.
 I think it says no tiki, no laundry.
  Are you guys going to do that on this show? We're doing everything  on this show.
 We did not.
  There's one big episode.
 I remember.
  But you gotta do Ghost Town a lot.
  That's gonna be there.
 Oh my god.
  Yeah, we have to do the whole show thing.
  We're gonna go back and redo everything  in far, far more incremental  steps now that we know our real pace.
  I think you should do an episode on the Calico mine.
  Right.
 100%.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Now we'll start  breaking them into pieces.
  This wine is making me awesome.
  You're the flip to my flop.
  You're a little more awesome.
 This one is the biggest  leap that I saw.
 Bikinis?  Oh, hell no.
 I thought you said  martinis.
  Well, that's just a misunderstanding.
  Yeah.
  In sign form.
  There's a bunch of keychains,  and they have very similar  things, like phrases and saying  pretending to be a mature adult  is exhausting, which isn't even clever.
  It's just sort of a sentence.
 But the company  that makes these keychains is  snarkcity.
com.
  And I went to  snarkcity.
com into the sales  section, and they have a bunch of mousepads.
  And they have  primary business you should be in.
  They have one that says, nope, not today.
  And then they have, let me  check my give a shit-o-meter.
  Nope, nothing.
  Which I think they should have caught the nope,  nothing.
 No, I think they should have added  to it and be like, nope, nothing.
  Turns out I don't give a shit.
  I mean, it's already  a little crammed on here.
  It didn't even go up 20%  of the way to give some of  a shit.
 Here's what all the way at the  bottom.
 Here's a mousepad.
  Pull yourself together.
 You've  got bitches to battle and men to  destroy.
  On a mousepad.
 On a mousepad.
  These are poorly  graphic designed, too.
  I feel like I could picture this person coming  into their office and swapping  out the default mousepad  and saying, oh, I don't want to deal with them.
  I hope that's for a woman to  own.
 I hope.
  Yeah, so much.
  Wow, he sold a  crate to the proud  boys of Orange County.
  The sale's a sale.
  We could do an episode on snarkcity.
com  but that's just a taste.
 That's another one  William.
 It's crammed with signs.
  They have a lot of that store  sublime.
 Are those black  woodblock signs with like the  white text that  I don't, does anyone know what  their name is? I think it's all made by one company.
  And I know  there's an, I rented an  office and it's kind of owned  by a lunatic and in the bathroom is one  of these signs and  it just says, like,  replacing the toilet paper won't cause  brain damage.
  So every time I like use the bathroom  I have to like just be bummed out.
  But like it's like this very aggro sign.
  And so these have gotten, and it's  the same company definitely.
 And  the signs get so  over, like, so they're giant  some of them.
 And one of them is  like, live your life.
 Take chances.
  Be crazy.
 Don't wait because right  now it's the oldest you've ever been and the youngest  you'll ever be again.
  And that's the one with the least amount  of text.
 And this one  was on the wall.
  And I was saying  some of these feel like, you know, on the  on an iPhone, if you  just, if you have predictive text on it, you  just tap the word to randomly  assemble like a paragraph that sounds like  human speech but isn't.
  Marry your best friend.
  I did not say that lightly.
 Really truly  find the strongest, happiest friendship in the person  you fall in love with.
 Someone who speaks highly  of you.
 Someone you can laugh with.
 The kind of  laughs that make your belly ache and your nose snort.
  Your iris and your urn is healing.
 Kind of laughs.
  Wit is important.
 Life is too short.
 Not to love someone  who lets you be a fool with them.
  Make sure they are somebody who lets you cry to despair  will come.
 Find someone that  you want to be there with you through these times.
  Most importantly, marry the one that makes passion, love  and madness combine and course through you.
  A love that will never dilute even when the waters  get deep and dark.
 That's a sign.
  That's so much to put on your wall.
  Whatever just happened to an  Irish grandmother lives here.
  Something  simple and nice.
 All of these signs  sound like they are being bought  by someone who says the phrase  Hey, I'm not done talking to you yet.
  A lot of it.
  People are walking away.
 Hey, where are you going?  Hey, I'm not done with you  yet.
 Think you are too good for me?  Yeah, each one should end with  Hey, where are you going? I'm not done with you yet.
  This place is like a grandma Spencer's  gifts.
 Like it's got  some bawdy stuff but it's a lot of  signs and signs that are supposed  to show you what you're at.
 It's like  this is who I am.
 Read the sign.
  There's a lot going on because there's also  like a full wall of jewelry  cases.
 Yeah.
 Like  affordable jewelry.
  But I don't have any bearing on what jewelry is.
  There's the dad Annex  2.
 That's the one little  bookcase.
  John Wayne's guide to grilling and then  the rest of it is like shitting related.
  I took a picture.
 There was all these like  man soaps and I took a  picture just because this one had such a crazy  name.
 What was it called?  Oh yeah, it's a bar of soap  enabled navel supremacy.
  We just  sold a crate of 200  into the brown boys and orange.
  Dude Cannon Sublico.
  The one next to it says  productivity wins the day.
  And then  the one behind it is old Milwaukee  big ass beer soap.
  Oh, that's right up  a dad's alley.
  That's the Spencer's Gifts is what I'm saying.
 There's elements of Spencer's  Gifts, but it's a lot of  stuff.
 A lot of that.
 A lot of phone  chargers that might spark on you  and  those cords that will fray  very easily in your car.
 A lot of Kierkerland sort of  like we were looking at the pen that's also a  ruler and a level and  you know, an eraser or whatever.
  A lot of like gadgets  and gizmos.
 The specter of  cleverness has haunted this  particular retail zone because what this  was for many years and very strongly  in my memory of being younger and wandering  around CityWalk was that it was an art  gallery called Martin  Lawrence Gallery.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, if you remember that.
 Very  strangely and obviously  easy thing to comment on that  Martin Lawrence.
 Am I going to find  a painting of Shanae-Nae in there?  But not in, no, in  fact, I  found a quote from some review  of what it might have been and  the straight up quote  I think the literal art was  fun, such as a cow  standing on snow cleverly  named Cold Cream.
  Clever?  Is it? I don't know what that  means exactly.
 Oh, because a cow makes cream.
  Snow is cold.
  So you got cold cream.
  So these new places.
 Famous phrase, cold cream.
  Of grain the cow.
 Yeah,  it's like a popsicle stick joke.
  But the answer isn't something you've heard of.
  Is it someone who thinks that  ice cream is called cold cream?  Shhhhhh!  Can I see the dessert, man?  What kind of cold cream you got?  It's a regional thing.
  Yeah, it's a regional thing.
  You guys want some cold cream?  It's like when the  Simpsons where the Flanders have ice  milk.
  Yeah, flavorless, please.
  Quite similar.
 The other one is  a Scottish terrier being  lifted up named Beam Me  Up Scotty.
  Oh, that's pretty good.
  But as opposed to these being like  knickknacks you could buy for $30,  I think these are paintings that cost like $2,000.
  This is where  Tony Soprano commissioned that painting  of Pile by the Horse.
  I'm not watching  The Sopranos, so I'm out on that  one.
 It's pretty much all I watch anymore.
  Also, you could apparently  buy Warhols at this gallery.
  Really? Yeah, you could go  to City Walk and get a rain  stick and like a giant  pencil that or a  giant toothbrush from the Giant Store  and an Andy Warhol painting.
  Is the Giant Store still around?  No, that was an early.
.
.
 and I don't even remember  what sector that was in.
 That one's lost  to the.
.
.
 I don't know.
 If you know the name of the Giant  Store, please let us know.
  And I have another request too, which is  some of these things that we read,  these poems that are on these signs.
  I would like to see those little  like affirmations written  on top of photos of Jason.
  I think that would be  a blast to see.
  And those would come and they would feel like  the best compliments you've ever asked.
  Love my picture with  badass bitch.
  Battle some bitches today,  Jason.
 I would like  a picture, if we're asking more things,  I've asked so far on this podcast for  a $400 head of  the EVAC, the Transformers character.
  But I'd also like  a cartoon of Jason asking for  some cold cream, please.
  And probably like maybe tugging on  like his mommy's apron when he's like a child.
  Like Nanny from Up at Babies.
  And she.
.
.
 her pattern  to  acknowledge the original painting,  the apron is cowhide.
  And that  keeps it in black and white so you don't have to add color  to this painting that  you're going to do at home necessarily.
 So that's  your assignment, black and white.
  Within two to three weeks, please.
  And head of EVAC.
  Is that it? Do we make.
.
.
  Oh, also one of these used to be a sunglass hut where you walked through  giant sunglasses to get in the store.
  Oh, that's nice.
  That would have been a fun homage  to that.
 We don't  have.
.
.
 we've been talking forever and ever, but I did  think that maybe one final thing to put in  this sector, why don't we annex  the universal globe,  the spinning globe itself  that's  facing the.
.
.
  If you're watching Extra  where Mario Lopez broadcasts  every day, you come to LA, you can  be in the background.
 And the background  is the studio store.
  So that's why I think it's in this  sector.
 Do you  know what time they film that every day?  I was looking it up.
 I was wondering if I could  get onto Extra.
  You can.
  If I could have done that on the slide  today and then surprise you with my appearance  on Extra.
 But I think you have to like, wait.
  And then it's not just like you're standing  back there.
 I think you're like corralled by  like an Extras guy.
 So.
.
.
  But I don't know.
 We could.
.
.
  You want to go to.
.
.
 Why don't we make  other people do it? We keep commanding people.
  Go to Extra, hold up a  sign, says podcast a ride.
  We're busy.
 We can't go.
 We should get like a Stern  Show type thing.
 Like a Baba Booy.
  Or like a real like a trademark that people  can go interrupt shots from  like a new local news or  get in the background of entertainment  tonight or whatever.
 Scream hashtag  Jason for DLR.
 Jason for  DLR.
 Yeah.
  Cold Cream.
  You know what? I kind of like to see on some  signs.
 I mean, we're taking other people's material  here.
 But what's that? A new slap  shot?  Throw that on the sign.
 Hold it up from  the back.
 Yeah.
 Any of your favorite references  and we'll see what stick.
 Yeah.
  We don't want to create a Baba Booy.
  But I mean,  we don't want to force one is what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It has to happen organically.
  Yeah.
 I did watch that Dolan Brothers  clip that you sent.
  The Vine Stars were interviewed  at.
 So that's just one of many great moments  that happened on Extra.
 Well, I actually  didn't watch it.
 It was.
.
.
 Oh, really?  Mari Lopez asked.
.
.
  There are these twins that  started on Vine.
 They went to YouTube.
  I guess they.
.
.
 Oh, cool.
 They made the leap.
  There was a controversy  because, like, they were,  I guess, protegees of the Paul brothers.
  But then kind of had a falling out.
  But then.
.
.
 Did they get dissed in a rap?  Oh, I don't know.
 Mari  Lopez was like, what's  the difference between you  guys? Because they're identical twins.
  He's like, what's  different about you?  What kind of defines you guys?  And they're both like, we pretty much have  the same personality.
  Nothing, nothing, really.
  But I did think  of  for when they die,  my eulogy  will be for them,  which is the  Dolan Brothers didn't die.
  They simply became YouTube videos.
  Like in Westworld.
  Westworld.
  Let's see, I didn't get that.
  I don't get Sopranos and I don't get  Westworld.
  I like it a lot, though.
  Too busy getting caught up on the Dolan Brothers.
  Watch the first ten hours of Westworld  and that will make sense.
  Skip season two.
  Well, you should print that out, put it on a  big board of piece of chalk  and give it to the Dolan Brothers when they die.
  Alright.
  I'll hold that sign up when they die.
  At the Universal Globe.
  To honor them, hold it up in the background of Extra,  which was once their domain.
  That's very nice.
  Well, I think with that.
.
.
  Oh, the Sector Stone is appearing.
  Oh yeah, it does.
  Hold on, hold on.
  There's a teen is telling us that  this Sector Stone is not actually ready.
  They don't have it anymore.
  Really?  So we're gonna have to get a replacement stone.
  Oh no.
  Here it comes, here's the replacement stone.
  Oh, I see it.
 Hey, what's that? A new Slap Chop?  The stone is in the shape of a Slap Chop.
  The stone is in the shape of a  of a Mr.
 Fusion, but it's a new Slap Chop.
  And it's got  black text on it and it says  people who live at Glass Houses  should shut the fuck up.
  Is that us? Who's that?  I don't know, it's for Blacksing.
  All the songs are for Blacksing.
  Oh yeah, the stones have been around forever.
  Alright, well, Jason Warner,  you survived Podcast Thrive again.
  It's such a pleasure.
 Thank you so much.
  Do you have any projects  or any man-shops of  popular films and  major tragedies you'd like to plug?  Yeah, just check out  that Back to the Future video.
  It's a good video.
  Alright, check us out tomorrow  for Sector 4.
  You'll see what it is.
  Yeah, you'll know.
 Bye.
  Bye bye.
  Forever!  Dog!  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner,  Brett Bohm,  Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts,  please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows  on Apple Podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest  Forever Dog news by following us  on Twitter and Instagram  at ForeverDogTeam  and liking our page on Facebook.
