 Forever.
.
.
  Dog!  When your town has let you down  When your porch has fallen short  When you're too worn out to run  And need some ribs or a Cinnabon  You need a place, a place for rock  A place for roll, a place where Oakland Raiders merch is sold  A sublime hot topic and billabong  A place where you can purchase a candy thong  So let's go take a walk  Let's all go to City Walk  Tonight, tonight.
.
.
  The next chapter is Sector 14.
 Blaze Pizza, Starbucks, Hard Rock Cafe.
 Please don't discuss the retail store.
 Samba Brazilian Steakhouse.
 Good luck, boy!  I'm upset.
 It's not that I'm having a bad time.
 It's just Day 14.
 We've been at it for a while.
 I see the light at the end of the tunnel and I want to keep heading to the light.
  I'm willing to meet Scott halfway with my speed, I think, and Jason, I think, is willing to meet us at his own pace.
  That's right, Michael.
 Look, that's what people like for me.
 That's what they want.
  I think people would be interested in what.
.
.
  My normal bullshit.
  People would be interested in you at a peppy rate.
  I think I'm reasonably peppy.
  Really? It's all slowing down.
  So I went to the Blaze Pizza.
 I had never been to the Blaze Pizza before.
 At this location or any of them, I tend to like this to make your own pizza, like this flash fire pizza trend.
 I like pizza rev.
 I like pizza press.
  Somebody pointed out to me, though, when they say make your own pizza, everything's to make your own pizza.
 Every place is make your own pizza.
  Yeah, but the Chipotle model.
  The Chipotle model.
 You point to the ingredients basically as they're making the pie and then they put it in.
 You don't get to have that at Pizza Hut.
 You just call and tell them and they do all that magic behind the scenes.
  Yes, so that's correct.
  That's the difference between Blaze and.
.
.
  So you can also say a little extra of this or a little less of this or you drop the Band-Aid onto my slice.
 Please take it off.
  So I went to the one at City Walk before we were going to see a movie and I tried.
 So I tried the designer of pizza.
 I got a sausage, pepperoni, a little bit of basil and ricotta cheese.
  Ricotta cheese, you're not really supposed to use a lot of like that's first off, that's an expensive ingredient.
 Second off, like a little bit of ricotta cheese goes a long way.
 They put so much ricotta on my pizza.
  I very quickly did not get any bite that wasn't mostly ricotta cheese.
  Can I ask a question? Why do you not put lots of ricotta on just because it's.
.
.
  It's just kind of an overpower.
 It's kind of like.
.
.
  I had it before.
 I just don't know what you're talking about.
  It's a very mild cheese and it also like usually doesn't have a lot of tang or a lot of flavor to it.
  So you're saying it takes up too much space for not having a lot of qualities in it.
  It's not too spicy, it's just boring.
  It's boring.
 And so when you put it on a pizza, you usually make it in the shape of like a little ball and then as it cooks, it kind of flattens out into like circles or ovals.
  So there'd be like one ricotta ball per slice is what I.
.
.
 Like if you see a picture.
.
.
  Essentially, and then it just melted down to till it was mostly ricotta and like I couldn't even taste the rest.
  So I was just kind of a bummer.
 So I guess that was.
.
.
 I guess I should have said that's enough at some point, but he was just like putting on.
.
.
  Did you know the ricotta was going to be a problem as you were watching him make it?  No, I didn't because I get it all the time at these flash fire places and it's usually not an issue.
  You get ricotta cheese on the pizza all the time?  Yeah, ricotta cheese on a pizza is great.
 Ricotta and sausage.
  Okay.
 I just.
.
.
 I truly don't know that combination.
 I've had ricotta cheese before and I never started to think twice because it's not.
.
.
  You see it in stuffed shells.
 It's the main thing that.
.
.
 And this will come up later.
  One of the main things that separates a stromboli from a calzone.
 Calzones have ricotta cheese, strombolis have mozzarella.
  One more time.
  I didn't know that.
  Yeah, one more time.
  Calzones have.
.
.
  Mozzarella? What do you say?  Yes, strombolis have mozzarella cheese.
  Oh, strombolis have that.
  And then calzones can have mozzarella cheese, but usually the main cheese you're getting is that ricotta.
  Is that Pinocchio character stromboli named after that meal?  No, I think the stromboli, which I learned today, originates in Philadelphia.
  Very impressive.
  It's named after that or an area.
.
.
  You're very proud of that, I think.
  I was.
 I didn't realize it either.
 It's very popular pizza places in Philadelphia.
  Is the Philadelphia flag a stromboli?  No, I mean, it's going to be a cheesesteak.
 Let's be real.
  Yeah, you're right.
 Fair enough.
  But the animal is a cheesesteak with legs and a snout and it has a stromboli inside it.
  A stromboli and a little side of Scrapple.
  Okay.
  What was that we mentioned in an earlier segment?  Scrapple's back.
  So the other thing with Blaze, I mean, it always seems to have a crowd.
  It seems to be a big crowd pleaser with families when I walk by.
  When I was there in the late afternoon, early evening, the restaurant had kind of looked like it had been in a fight.
  And I feel like a few city walks.
 It looks a little dinged up.
  Like a Chuck E.
 Cheese or something.
  Yeah, like a Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  A lot of action has been seen there.
  So I think it was probably a busy day and the dinner rush hadn't started yet.
  So it was a little.
.
.
  I find the Blaze pizza, and I haven't been a ton.
 I've been like once or twice.
  And I find this so kind of boring.
 I find these places boring.
  Like with Chipotle even, there's something specific about the taste of Chipotle that I like.
  And I like the bowl.
 I like the burrito.
  Even there's a place called Qadoba that there's specific stuff where I go, oh, that's the taste I like from that place.
  That's true.
 It's not just that they create a burrito for you on this.
  Yeah, they've developed their own brand.
  Right.
  Stuff that you're after.
  And even garbage pizza like Pizza Hut or Domino's, I can imagine the taste in my head.
  It's maybe not necessarily the best ingredients, but it is more specific than this Blaze.
  Than the couple times I've had Blaze.
  It's just nothing.
 I feel like it's nothing in Blaze.
  Blaze was even, I found it more boring than the other kinds of pizza places in this sort of thing.
  Sure.
 There's no, this is what I'm saying.
 Blaze has no identity.
  It doesn't.
  There's no taste.
 There's no, I don't know why these places are expanding.
  It's got a flame as the logo.
 That's pretty strong branding, wouldn't you say?  Sure.
  Well, I guess that's, I'm trying to think of another pizza place with a flame in the logo.
 I guess that might be the only one.
  I think it's hopping on like the fast casual trend, you know, that Chipotle sort of started.
  But I think you're right with this entire genre.
 I actually do, I find like the logo boring.
 I find the brand boring.
 All these pizza riffs.
  There's nothing specific about it.
  And especially it has no identity because it's letting average customers choose ingredients, which as I've said on the, about Yogurtland, I don't like the, you tell me what's good.
 You give me your special recipe.
  That's not how I feel about Yogurtland because I think it's a novelty to get to put gummy worms next to Rocky Road.
 And maybe it doesn't make sense, but it's weird and fun.
  That is better.
  Pizza though, your primary meal, I am with you.
 I would rather somebody who knows what they're doing create a flavor combo for me.
  Because if you design, design it quote unquote, if you put, ask for too many toppings, it's going to be too much moisture and it's going to, it's going to lead to a soggy pizza.
  Yeah, that's true.
  You could easily fuck it up.
  Design your own burgers also can lead to chaos.
  Yeah, I've had some real bad times at the counter.
  Yeah, I don't like that place either.
  No.
  That's too much.
 Like it seems fun.
 It seems fun to mark down on a checklist what you want, but ultimately it's not rewarding and it's not going to give you something memorable.
  And the way that buffets also are kind of more fun to imagine than they are in practice and you almost, a lot of the time, maybe most of the time would rather just pick a good breakfast item.
  It would be 90% of the time because then you have to make like 90 items that are all memorable as opposed to just like having 15 menu items that are all good.
  So I had a very different experience.
 Can I do this now? This update?  Well, did you get special permission from the sector?  The sector keeper gave me permission to cover this breaking news.
  He gave you the stone of permission.
  He gave me the stone of permission.
  Can you pull it out and show it to us?  Show us the stone of permission.
  It also looks like a city walk.
 Gold.
  Sounds like you're making it up and you're holding it.
  Okay, I'm making it up.
 I don't have the stone of permission.
 But he said I had permission.
  If you can get him to produce it when he's around and at least let you hold it for a second, then I believe you.
  Anyway, what you're getting at is.
.
.
  What I'm getting at is I went to the newly opened Vivo Italian kitchen.
  Which technically should have been part of sector two nine weeks ago whenever that was.
  And we just referred to it back then as future Italian restaurant.
 We didn't know it was going to happen.
  As you know, there's also been some chicanery with Camaccio's closing.
  Look, this whole thing has been in flux.
  I feel like we're in a newsroom in the Trump era where facts are changing all the time.
  But we got to go to air.
  It's 5 p.
m.
 and we got to go on.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
 And you got to respond to changes as we go.
  So, you know, the shop cycle moves much faster today than it ever used to.
  So what can you tell us about Vivo?  So I wanted to bring this up in this sector because this was like kind of the opposite of my disappointment at Blaze.
  I was delighted by Vivo.
  Really?  I thought it looks it looks very nice inside.
  Again, it's brand new, but I had great service.
  I went like for a late lunch.
  I went to go do some work up there because I've discovered recently the Wi-Fi is very good.
  That free Wi-Fi where you Xfinity Wi-Fi, the Xfinity Wi-Fi.
  Is there a password on that thing?  No, no, there's no email in, I believe.
  Put your email in and my phone like reconnects every time I go out there.
  It's like, yeah, so does mine.
  Yeah.
 You're not on the Wi-Fi at CityWalk?  No, I didn't know.
  I didn't know about this Xfinity thing.
  And also it works at other Xfinity hotspots.
  My phone connects at Dunkin Donuts.
  Now they don't send you like spam emails that get in the way of important emails from places like Francesca's, do they?  No, no, I don't.
  Well, if they do, I've probably already signed up for most universal mailing lists.
  So I haven't put the show account.
  But look, I look forward to those Francesca emails every day.
  This was a Twitter thing.
  I was having a little fun on Twitter.
  Yeah, this came up on Twitter and not on the podcast, but you pointed out that we have our show account because I ordered a $9 shot glass that we've gotten emails from Francesca's every single day since then.
  Yeah, it's like getting emails from a lover who is off at war.
  I guess it's like that.
  It's just like that.
  But there's also great deals.
  You don't find the daily nature of it comforting the way that the City Walk Saga has been a comforting first thing in the morning arrival in everyone's podcast inbox?  You know, some days I do, some days I don't.
  You're not having Francesca's some days.
  Love isn't always easy.
  There are ups and downs.
  There are ups and downs.
 You got to work at it.
  Okay, so Francesca's, I went for a late lunch.
  There were people sitting on the patio.
  It was 89 degrees out, so I opted to sit inside, had the whole restaurant to myself.
  Wow.
 They started me off with this lovely little kind of crusty sourdough roll, which I ate about half of.
  Well, yeah, I was going to say, what's the size? What do we got size wise on that?  Softball?  Yeah, I'd say softball.
  Wow.
 And some dipping olive oil.
  Delicious.
  Dipping oil.
  I ordered this.
 This is what I was, so I ordered essentially it was a stromboli.
 They just call it stuffed bread.
  Italian salami, pepperoni, sharp provolone, arugula, roasted red peppers wrapped in pizza dough.
  Again, more delicious fresh bread.
 It came in this little darling little shape.
  The arugula and balsamic just kind of drizzled on top.
  How would you describe that shape? It's kind of a volcano.
  I was going to say volcano is how I would describe it.
  A bunch of arugula exploding out of it.
 Arugula lava.
  It's kind of like a square with like a raised X.
 The arugula was just kind of like draped on top.
  So I ate that off and then cut it in half.
  It's like a temple.
 It's like a little Indiana Jones temple kind of thing going on there.
  It's beautiful.
  Yeah, it's beautiful.
  It was beautiful.
 I got a little marinara on the side and it was delicious.
 It was really good.
  The cheese and the meats and the peppers and onions, very good.
  I could easily see, you know, getting this, cutting it in half or in fours and sharing it with the table.
  Should Mike and I go up there and put Vivo in serious contention?  Well, I feel like any time I find a restaurant or something I really like and really enjoy and I tell people, oh, you should try this.
  They're always like, yeah, it was fine.
 So I don't want to get people's hopes up.
  For my taste, I think this might be easily the best food I've eaten at CityWalk.
  Oh my gosh.
  The bar is rather low.
 So I think by being passable, I think a B to B plus range restaurant is maybe going to sneak in.
  I think an 86 percent is probably the best you're getting up there.
  I mean, I thought it was very good.
 They seem to really be pushing like, oh, they make the dough.
  You know, they make a lot of the stuff fresh.
 Although look, a few days prior to this, I was up there for different events,  which we will discuss on a future episode after this saga is over.
  And I had a lovely sandwich at Ludo.
 And I know you weren't super fond of Ludo.
  I wish I wouldn't call it lovely by any stretch of the imagination.
  Messy sandwich at Ludo, whether you like it or not.
  So, yeah, I don't know.
 But yeah, I liked Vivo a lot.
 The design was good.
  They were playing lots of Italian music.
 Sometimes like, you know.
  You mean like Lady and the Tramp music?  Sometimes Lady and the Tramp music.
 And then like sometimes it'd be Italian like techno or house music.
  Oh, wow.
  Which was very, a very funny switch.
 But it seemed like they had a stocked bar and yeah, lots of pizza, pasta, meats.
  I was into it.
  I wish I had footage of you in an empty restaurant eating while the Lady and the Tramp song was playing.
  Pounding water.
  Because it's 89 degrees.
  And sunny.
 Yeah.
  I'll try to get the security camera footage.
  I don't want to go out of order, but since you said empty restaurant, this might be my end to start talking about Samba Brazilian Steakhouse,  which I went to at two in the afternoon recently.
 And I was in fact the only person in the restaurant.
  Well, not I mean that and the people that I went with our friend, Andrew Grissom and another friend of the podcast, Buzz Buzz.
  And speaking of Buzz Buzz, there were also a lot of flies running around the restaurant.
  Oh, no.
  Unrelated to Buzz Buzz.
  Wait, on the patio or inside?  Literal and figurative bugs.
 No, inside.
  Ah.
  I'll post some photos on the Twitter of what the full breadth of the restaurant looked like with basically just me inside.
  So, you know, that's what I will set the stage there that I walked into an almost empty restaurant.
  The hostess slash waitress who was lovely, wonderful, gave us a great time, clearly like very bored because nobody was going in there and kind of like hung out and talked with us for a while.
  And rightfully so.
 I think there was nothing else for her to do.
  But I think she told us we were the third customers of the day.
 And in fact, they fired up the rotating meat skillets or whatever.
 What do you call it? The giant shish kebab, the rotating.
  What's that actual term?  The spit?  Yeah, I would say a spit unless it's like the shaped kind of like the shawarma.
  Rotisserie situation.
  Like there was a lot of stuff all in that range, but there was just nothing going when we walked in and they turned it all on for us, which I felt really I felt guilty about the entire thing.
  I think we could have given the staff the afternoon off.
  Oh, wow.
  Had we not walked in.
 I think they were having a real easy time.
  I went at 5 p.
m.
 and sat on the patio and for happy hour and had the similar experience of like no one else is here.
  The difference between this city walk stuff and like downtown Disney, for instance, is City Walk is almost a ghost town in the day.
 All these like a lot of these restaurants are empty.
  Where did you go?  Like when business districts peak in cities like lunch.
  But I'm saying.
  Lunch and dinner.
  Yes, although some cities like downtown clears out what you're right.
 Downtown Disney.
 There's there's never a time of the day where it's not packed.
  Right.
 People are like excited to go to downtown and I may be not excited, but they're like willing to just go to all the restaurants at any time of day.
  There's always more than 10 people at the what's the bar in the middle.
 Your favorite bar.
  The bar.
 Yeah, as opposed to.
 Yeah, when we we kept walking into different sectors.
 Apologies to the sector keeper.
  But yeah, we like passing by that center area with the five towers stages, which we'll talk about and also and then the big screen playing weird local music videos and whatever.
  There's just no one there.
 Yeah, it is such an empty space with nothing to distract from that.
 It is a big empty space and no one there at three in the afternoon.
  That's not such a bizarre.
 No time because you would think people would be going like, well, let's just have a break from the theme park because it's also close.
  Like it's very close.
 It's not.
 They try to make it act like like like it's a very far walk.
 It's not.
 It's like seven minutes to walk back to there in the theme park.
  And you've gone all the way down all the escalators and you're in.
 I mean, that's like miles to get from that's all the way from the end from the Transformers ride up to Samba Brazil.
  That is an hour and a half walk.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's very it's very exhaustive.
 Maybe that is what it is in terms of workout for a week.
  But I guess what maybe is odd is now while two o'clock is not a strange time for lunch, it maybe is a strange time for an all you can eat Brazilian meat buffet.
  That's how it works.
 It's it's it's similar concept to Fogo de Chow, probably a more popular iteration of this.
  You you walk in, it's just it's a twenty five dollar flat rate is a big lineup of cold salads and rice and, you know, and different amenities to go along with your meats.
  But then you just pay you just meat keeps coming and coming and coming.
 And you've got a weird little like a little rod thing that you have to either make green if you want meat to keep flowing and bread if you want meat to stop going.
  It's similar to the sign system at Bubba Gump just down the road.
  So several places at City Walk with a stoplight system.
 But I guess I can understand.
  It seems like kind of thing to be a lot more fun for dinner.
 Pretty odd to be just a couple of guys having a quiet lunch that entails people got the same guy going back and forth with swords over and over again.
  Yeah, because that if it's empty, that takes away part of the allure of just like people wandering around with the swords.
 Do you want some of this? Do you want some of that?  You feel like you're at a party with hors d'oeuvres and they're just flowing and like, oh, I couldn't possibly.
  Oh, I guess I will if everyone else is.
 But yeah, being in there alone, pretty odd.
  One guy do it just doing runs like one.
 Yeah, one sword wielding man who is making the food and then bringing you the food.
  And also, we all only took just one piece of meat every time and we were still, you know, totally stuffed and probably a little sick by the end of it.
  How many different types of meat? I think we I think lunchtime you get six.
 OK, I think we had all six and I should have remembered all of the types.
  But I don't know.
 You know, the types of meat.
  And then there's all the salads, because like this is too many to name too many.
 We there is one in Burbank that does it by the pound.
  I think that's a good way to do it, where it's like you dinner by the power.
  Yeah, I don't know.
 That was weird.
 No, I don't.
 I don't.
  We were there to get we've been at like two different Brazilian.
  Well, right.
 We were one in Vegas for a bachelor party and you almost fell out of your chair when you saw how much it cost.
  It's a lot of money and it's like a buffet.
 It's a glorified but it's a buffet with a little more of an experience on it.
  Yeah, that one had like 12 different meats or something.
 That was crazy.
 That it's so many.
  And it was like sixty dollars.
 I think at night you're getting more meats.
  I would recommend I, you know, look, I had a good time.
 I really I shot him in the leg talking about emptiness and flies.
  But the the the food was very good.
 Hostess was was fantastic.
 Great service.
 The the drinks were were great.
  What do you what do you call it? That's a Kyper in Kyper in.
 Yeah.
  Did you guys have those? Yes.
 Those are excellent.
 I thought wonderful.
  So made with a so that is like a it's a relative of sangria, but it's made with Brazilian.
  It's a rum.
 Rum like made with sugar cane.
  Kasha.
 Yeah, I looked up the pronunciation.
  Shassa guide.
 Kasha.
 And that was delicious.
 Yeah.
  Legitimately very good drinks.
 I think if you're talking kind of odd off the beaten path, the drinks at City Walk, you probably can't go wrong with Kyper.
  So I have a lot of good things to say about this.
 And I believe on the weekends they have Samba dancers and that kind of thing.
  Yeah.
 And they also said it's a great place to have a quinceanera.
  Should either of you guys be in the market to do so? Maybe one day we wanted they were going to let us tour the second floor.
  But that was right when the health inspector was doing it to.
 Yeah, we got to see the City Walk health inspector.
  Wow.
 And you didn't get an exclusive with him for the show.
 Oh, God, I'm sorry.
  I would have been a score.
 I missed the ultimate.
 I should have just barged in.
 I should have had a microphone with me or my iPhone voice memo.
  Just shoved it in his face.
 I want answers.
 What the hell happened to Camacho's? What did they do?  Also put him on the spot about how would you feel if you saw a bunch of boba and orange slices and fruity pebbles clogging a toilet?  Would you wish that that person had dumped it out into a planter or was the right move made?  I would have asked him about I would have tried to get Johnny Rockets in trouble when Jason was talking about how wet his burger was.
  Ah, you're right.
 And how wet the ketchup was.
 He should have really he should know about that to investigate.
  You know, this is all stuff that he probably missed him.
 I feel like over all these episodes, we have perhaps a lot of health complaints.
  Maybe we all together, maybe we fire file our first podcast lawsuit against the City Walk organization.
 Yeah, that's three counts as a class, doesn't it?  Yeah.
 Is he sure? I think.
 Yeah.
 OK.
  OK.
 Verena was fine, but I should have had words with that health inspector and I think he could have easily paid me off with, you know, picture of Capri.
  Yes.
 Half off at a happy hour.
  Oh, they're happy hours like so.
 I also say a bunch of Brazilian beers I've never heard of that look very good.
  And I think I was there, a crowd came up and said the bartender, oh, we're going to take a table.
 And they said and they asked you to Kyberinius and the bartender was like, yeah, they're like, oh, great.
  We're from Brazil.
 Oh, so stakes are high.
 Very curious to hear their opinion because I thought it was delicious and refreshing.
  They didn't like shout their opinions.
 They didn't yell good or very bad.
 No.
  On the on the website, it does not list the actual price of the buffet because I assume the price goes up at dinner.
 It does.
 Twenty five for lunch is what I've ever lunch.
  What is it? You know what it is for like 40 or something at dinner, probably?  Yeah, that this is very similar to the Disney World meal, Ohana.
 If you've ever had that at the Polynesian.
 OK.
  But that only is like three or four meats.
 I'm looking here just if you guys maybe this happened to Jason, you can add a half pound of extra large prawns to your meal.
  But that's premium.
 That's a premium.
 It doesn't say how much that is either.
  But there's the all you can eat Brazilian barbecue.
  And then it also doesn't specify what meats.
 So the meats must be changed up as well.
  And then I think there are seasonal meats.
 Yes.
 I think they explain that.
  OK, so probably ones for Christmas sausages with red and green flakes inside reindeer.
  Very prevalent in Brazil and very popular.
 Valentine's Day.
 It's like the hearts of animals.
  It's just mostly heart.
 In St.
 Patrick's Day, it's all there.
  They're all miniature.
 It's all leprechaun sized meat pieces, of course, from tiny cows.
  And you can get a big kid's meal, which is all you can eat for six to twelve.
 Six to twelve year old.
 Jason's smiling.
  Jason's remembering where he put his little beanie hat.
 His beanie with the spinner.
 The old kid's meal grift that you pull out once in a while.
  Yeah.
 Well, just remember where you put your razor as well.
 Get rid of that beard.
  Well, sure.
 Now you're talking.
 So I don't know.
 I don't have a lot like funny to say about this place.
  I think what I will say is I think they need to offer some kind of perhaps small lunch item option because just just having buffet available, I think, probably turns a lot of people off.
  My other complaint is that on the outside of it, there's a little path that leads to nowhere.
  And I think we saw people go into the path and then look confused and then leave.
 This happened to me.
 Yeah.
  I went down the path.
 I sat on the patio outside.
 That was what I was going to.
 Yeah.
 I wasn't sure how to get out.
  Oh, because the bar is two sided.
 So the inside bar, they go through a doorway and it becomes the outside bar.
  And there's just like a pane of glass dividing it.
 This is some real.
 This is some inception shit.
  Yeah.
 And I went through the door to go outside and I had I thought it was like I was leaving the rest and they're like, oh, no, just go right for the patio.
  But the patio is kind of fun because you can watch soccer on the screen while you hear the music from Jimmy Buffett from Margaritaville directly behind you bleed going on.
  Bleed central.
 The caipirinha sat very, very well and very light with that Vivo Italian Kitsch and meal.
  That heavy meal is a very nice, refreshing drink.
 You know, the caipirinha also put me in the mood for some entertainment.
  And I bring this up.
 This is far from the sector that we're talking about.
 Apologies to the sector keeper.
  But I feel more comfortable talking about this because he's not here.
 And you got the permissions.
 He'll give me the permission.
  He'll give me the permissions.
 Also, this is so chill.
 This is adjacent.
 Yeah, sure.
 Yes.
 This is adjacent.
  Surrounded by.
 Did you say this is adjacent? Oh, well, wait, wait, wait.
 Well, actually, I'm not talking about the stages.
  What I'm talking about is that during my time up there with our friend Buzz Buzz, we ran with bellies full of caipirinha.
  We ran into for the first time since we started going up there, a television taping at City Walk.
 Now, this happens a lot.
  I think we talked a little about how they film extra with Mario Lopez up there.
  But this was a different show and we had to stand around for a minute to tell what it was.
  But it was the show Street Smarts Street Smarts was a syndicated man on the street type show, kind of a cousin of Jaywalking, the Jay Leno, Jaywalking bit where he people, how dumb random people are.
  Their their dumbness is put on display.
 So we ran into just a real like a big field of of lights and flags and bounce boards.
  It was it was very bright.
 It was like a mirage.
 We realized it was for a TV taping and we stood and we watched it for a minute.
  The show where regular people are harassed for not having information.
  And we walked up right as the host of the show who is OK.
  So first, I think I'm breaking the news here that streets Street Smarts is coming back because this show was on from 2000 to 2005.
  And it is now this has not been published anywhere.
 I don't believe.
 And we heard the guy say, oh my God.
  Well, you know, it should be on next year, I hope.
 Fingers crossed.
 Oh, my.
  So I maybe have a little industry inside dope here for Street Smarts fans out there.
  This is going to get picked up by Deadline and Variety as soon as we put this episode out.
  This is a big breaking news.
 This is a hell of a told.
 It's like a Harry Knowles 1998.
  Ain't it cool news scoop as far as I'm concerned here? Here.
  I'm very excited.
 One of the great franchises finally back on television.
  And we so we got to walk right up as a, you know, a very dumb regular person was given an item.
  And I believe she was holding a, you know, like a nostril trimmer, an electric nostril trimmer.
  And the guy's asking what it is.
 And she says, well, was it a taser? And you're like, oh, that's stupid.
  How could you think that that's a taser?  Then they cut and then the host said, hey, that was great.
  So maybe try one more time and just really hit the word tase.
 I just want to make sure that like that really comes out.
  So in addition to the scoop, it's Street Smarts is coming back.
 Street Smarts also is a lie.
  It's it's all for show.
 And also also spoil some of their bits in that we watched the guy and another hilarious game of do you recognize this item?  He leaves, comes back around to the set and now he's wearing a mullet wig.
  He looks ridiculous.
 The balls of this guy to put himself out there and wear such silly hair on camera.
  I mean, you couldn't catch I wouldn't be caught dead wearing something like that.
  What is the movie Point Break?  It was sort of Point Break-esque.
  That's crazy.
  Yeah, he looked he looked so stupid, man.
 But, you know, I laughed.
  I was having a good time watching it.
 So look forward to this mullet joke.
  But also it really seemed implied that they didn't know when and where Street Smarts was going to air.
  So I wish I could get more specific than that.
  But if you want to put your Smarts on the line, head up to City One and where they are casting people just walking by.
  None of us were brave enough to do it.
  And thank God, because I didn't want to end up in one of those mullet wigs.
  Man, you look you look silly.
  I don't think I would ever come back for you.
 My bros from high school saw me looking like that.
  No way, man.
 Having this dumb hair and shit.
  Well, that'd be the end of me.
  Yeah, for sure, man.
 For sure.
  They never had me back to do a shot ski with them again.
  How would you road your ass at the homecoming game that you all still go to?  This now that I think about you, you've unlocked a city walk memory of mine real quick.
  And I will be very quick about it.
  One of the first times I ever went to city walk, they were filming or shooting a show there over by like kind of where the globe is, where they do shoot extra.
  Jason may know where I'm going with this.
 I know where you're going with this.
  They were shooting a game of slam ball.
  Slam ball, of course, is trampoline basketball.
  It was on Spike TV for a year or two.
  I hear it's still kind of big in China, but we walked over from city walk and I went, oh, my God, they're playing slam ball.
  And it was official slam ball, too.
 It was not some knockoff league.
  It wasn't some JV slam ball league or whatever.
  Tramp basketball or something.
 It was official licensed slam ball.
  The sport of kings.
  And I was so excited.
 I went there and we watched part of a game.
  You didn't jump into the game.
  You didn't grab a tramp, jump over the rails and get in there yourself.
  Believe me, I want to.
  But that's just such a highly skilled, you know, that's too it's out of my abilities.
  You haven't spent enough time on the tramps.
  Yeah, I haven't been on the tramps enough.
 So I'm not going to leave it to the professionals.
  Professional slam ball.
 But if they if in the success of street smarts and they start filming more stuff up there and they bring back when they do celebrity slam ball.
  But then the level, the stature of celebrity we will all have from the city.
  The city walk series.
  Yeah, we're going to be so big just at can you imagine once these are all out going back up to city walk and the kind of welcome we'll receive from all these stores now that we've made all of these cashiers famous, the people in all of these restaurants, we've turned them all into celebrities and we ourselves will be the biggest celebrities.
  Right.
 It'll be like walking through like the old country and everyone kind of is like outside the owners all are outside of the restaurant.
  They're offering us like they're great, like their loaf of bread and they'll be like, Jason, Jason, come here, come here.
  Try the new voodoo donut that has a Snickers bar inside.
  If I must insist.
  I guess it's the Simpsons joke where they're like Don Homer, Don Homer, Don Jason, Don Jason.
  There's a new there's new Cinnabon bucket.
 It has cinnamon bites, but they have pepperoni on them.
  No, I draw a line.
  Scott, we have a new McComby maybe shot glass.
 This one is a double please.
  Put some cappuccino in it please.
  Michael, would you like to see the new Marvel movie?  It's six months.
 It's a rough cut, but please come inside and see it.
  That's too good of a deal.
  Those movies, City Walk movies cost $48 each.
 They're not giving that away for free.
  Discount for dollars off and a dollar off at the McGuffins we have here, whatever we call it.
  $1.
75 off parking.
 The bill is only somewhat crumpley.
  Yeah, that's more realistic.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Well, that'll be great.
  And all that to say, get in the game.
 Get slam balling.
  All right, well, I will.
  Star of celebrity slam ball coming 2020.
  As Jason knows, I know the guy who created it.
  Yes, Mike does know the creator of slam ball.
  Oh, that's right.
 Why is this the case?  I worked on some clip shows with him many years ago.
  Oh, this is the second discussion of the clip shows.
  We'll get them on.
 It doesn't make any sense for a theme park podcast, but neither does City Walk really.
  No, this episode has been entirely slam ball and the street smarts.
  Yeah, no, all of it pretty well.
  To me, that's the universal Hollywood ultimate experience, seeing a television show.
  You're right.
  That seems related.
  But, you know, while we're moving past all of the perfunctory stuff, how about we get Starbucks out of the way?  Yeah, it's a Starbucks in this sector.
  There's a Starbucks.
 Always had good service there.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
  It is one of those things I think I've said maybe on prayer episodes that you get that surcharge.
  Everything's costing you a buck, buck 50 extra.
  Oh, the theme park tax.
  The convenience.
  The theme park, whatever you.
.
.
  The magic tax.
  Yeah, the magic tax, sure.
  I felt a lot of magic, certainly, in that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, you feel it more than some regular shit Starbucks.
  That's always crowded.
  You do wait a while.
 It gets pretty crazy.
  Look, it's necessary that there be a Starbucks there.
  Right.
  I think it's funny that Starbucks can straddle the line.
  They're in Disneyland.
 They're in Universal Studios proper.
  They transcend the theme park.
  Nobody had to settle for a coffee bean or a Peet's.
  Starbucks, I guess coffee bean is not settling.
  There used to be a coffee bean at Upstart Crow.
  At Upstart Crow.
  That's correct.
  That was pretty good too.
  They both coexisted.
  Starbucks ran them out of town.
  Yeah.
  I do wish there was some sort of.
.
.
  Because the Starbucks in California Venture and Disneyland are nicely themed because  Starbucks on Main Street where the Market House used to be, it is the Market House still.
  Nicely themed in there.
  Also, California Venture, nicely themed.
  And in the Florida parks, very nice.
  Yes.
  We could make this Starbucks a little bit like the movies or something.
  Let's have a little something in there.
  That's my only note for it.
  I agree with that.
  It's kind of a normal Starbucks.
  Let's make it.
 Let's fancy it up.
  I know it's not in the park.
  Isn't there a little scene in that Menchies?  Aren't there a bunch of frozen yogurts that are alive and starring in a movie or something?  Oh, wait.
  Is that right?  Yeah.
  It's something like that.
  Anyway, do that.
  Do that.
  Yeah.
  We have a bunch of mochas all up starring in a film.
  He's auditioning and he's trying to make it in the business, but it's very hard.
  Yeah.
  It's starting to get discouraged.
  It's a big cup of Teavana tea.
  He's holding his headshot, but he's in a row of seven other Teavana teas and they all look  essentially the same.
  It's all digital now.
  They really didn't need to bring that headshot.
  They just have a software.
  It's a formality.
  He's murmuring to a cup of cappuccino next to him.
  Why did I pay for this?  Do you have a cheaper headshot guy?  They're all trying to get drunk by people.
  That's their analog.
  They're not trying to be in Hollywood.
  They're trying to be, customers are going to drink them.
  That's their show business is being consumed by us.
  That makes sense because the one in Universal Park is very Art Deco-y.
  That one, I think, that one looks nice.
  Yes.
  They should plus up the City Walk one like that.
  I agree.
  Yeah.
  I think they have zero reason to do so with the issue because it's probably a very profitable  enterprise.
  Yeah, just as it is.
  It will not affect their bottom line.
  Let me ask this.
  Do they have the sippy cup lids for cold drinks there yet?  Do you know what I mean?  No.
  Oh, well, Starbucks was.
.
.
  I don't know if they.
.
.
  Sippy cup.
  Do you know about this?  Do you know about this?  They were saying they were going to get rid of straws and there was a different kind of  plastic that looks like a clear plastic lid, but it looks like the hot beverage lid.
  I know what you're saying.
  So it's kind of got that shape, but it's clear plastic.
  And it looks like a sippy cup for a child.
  Yeah.
  It kind of looks like a sippy cup for a child.
  And they were like, aha, we've gotten rid of straws.
  The only issue is that kind of lid uses more plastic than the lid with the straw.
  There's all sorts of problems with the straw ban, as we know.
  There's all sorts of like.
.
.
  Well, it doesn't really make sense.
  Still have the straws when I saw it.
  Okay.
  Are we pro paper straw or anti paper straw?  Paper straws I'm fine with.
  Yeah, paper straws are better.
  But I mean, like, for instance, like Disney, like there's so many countries, like they're  going to get rid of straws, but then those plastic bags are going to be handed out at  Splash Mountain.
  So like there's just, there's other things too that would help more as far as plastic  consumption.
  Well, at least they have cut back on the big thing that they used to do seemingly constantly  in the eighties.
  And one of Doug Jones' fantastic mashup videos shines a light on this, that there were all  kinds of Disneyland events in the eighties where they do gigantic balloon releases.
  There's 500 and everybody proudly watches them go, fly away, fly away friends, brighten  the sky, brighten the throats of birds.
  And the small propeller blades.
  Brighten power lines by making them explode when you crash into them.
  Those are the days.
  Yeah.
  I mean, Disney's made some progress, but when will Universal make progress and make this  Starbucks 2% more themed?  The answer is never.
  Never.
  But I think that, I think the Starbucks does have, unless it's on the other side, I'm not  totally sure.
  Can you guys confirm somewhere around there, there's like a neon light that says Cruisin'  and then like kind of an angular guitar-ish car and a headlight.
  Yeah I can picture that.
  I can't picture where it is.
  So that is theming I guess.
  I love that.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Yeah.
  That's probably City Walk 101, like first generation.
  You think that's like a leftover basically?  Probably that makes sense.
  I think that's probably been there.
  Yeah.
  I don't think since the beginning because this whole zone, don't forget, is post 2000  expansion.
  Oh, you're right.
  I think that's Starbucks was there, though I could be wrong, I don't exactly know the  confines.
  I don't think the Starbucks was there, but are you saying it was there whatever, is the  Starbucks a wholly new place?  Didn't it replace something?  Man, now we're looking like real rubes.
  No.
  Or has that been there the whole time?  I think the Starbucks has been there.
  I don't, I wouldn't be so sure.
  I don't know offhand.
  I mean maybe not since 2000, for as long as I've been going there, I remember a Starbucks  presence.
  I want to rock this up.
  I can sense it.
  I feel like you're going to have to do a lot of Googling here.
  Yeah.
  That's one thing we've really learned.
  There's not a lot of CityWalk history.
  There's not a lot of-  No one's keeping tabs on this except for someone in the Universal Enterprise, but as we said  before, they did not help us out.
  We're not interested in that.
  This will become the biggest record of that.
  This is how people will tell their children, their children's children about the history  of CityWalk.
  They're providing the ultimate history.
  Is it spotty?  Yes.
  But is that our fault?  No.
  We could have been helped out by the actual people.
  Because they didn't help us out, we are going to throw their parking garages under the fucking  bus in about five days or so.
  That's not a big spoiler.
  It's just, you know, that's what I was saying.
  Perhaps the general attitude.
  And hey, Universal clock's ticking.
  You got five days.
  If you don't want us to reveal everything we know about your parking garages.
  Well, look, if you're saying that, I'll say this.
  I searched for a term on Google today, trying to like reconfirm something from one of the  very early episodes in this series.
  And one of the results on the first page was our show.
  Whoa.
  We're immediately to the top of Google with this?  We're a source.
  Which thing?  The burger place?  KWGB?  World's greatest burger?  I searched CityWalk radio station restaurant and our show was on.
  It was like six or seven.
  But it was also the results before it were not what I was looking for.
  It was mostly like Yelp stuff of like restaurant.
  CityWalk.
com.
  That's cool.
  And I don't mean to plow just past that because that's an immense achievement that we've all  pulled off, but I'm not going to be happy until when you go to Google and you type in  CityWalk, the auto fill in is not universal.
  It's not Hollywood.
  It's not Orlando.
  The auto fill in is SectorKeeper.
  I want this to be popular enough that that is what Google assumes that you want to learn  about.
  So everyone out there with a blog, with MySpace pages and with the angel fires and GeoCities,  start talking about the SectorKeeper and help us build his legend.
  And tell us in words or drawings what you think the SectorKeeper looks like.
  Oh yeah, that's kind of in question.
  We've, yeah, we've seen him.
  Yeah, we've seen him.
  It's a fun exercise is basically what it is.
  It'd be cheating to tell you.
  It'd be cheating to tell you and then sometimes I get the feeling that we're all seeing something  a little different.
  Well, he is a Christ like figure and everybody has, you know, kind of their different views  of what God might look like.
  Do you any specifics you guys want to say about how you see the SectorKeeper?  Oh, well, sure.
  I see him.
  He's, he's like a kind of a projection.
  So he's like, he's big, you know, he's like, oh, you think he's big.
  He's a Snoke.
  He's kind of a Snoke, right?  Because like Snoke in Force Awakens is very big, but in reality, he's not.
  He's just normal size.
  He's like a hologram or something.
  Yes, I see him sort of like a Force projection or a hologram, Star Wars, like hologram, whatever.
  Either way.
  I see him very small because as you know, I'm afraid of giant things in small rooms and  he would never want to, you know, alarm me.
  He wants me to be comfortable with him.
  So I see him small.
  He tailors his appearance based on the soul of who he that to whom he speaks.
  Oh yeah, that makes a lot of sense because like he's in mine.
  He's wearing like a gold robe and he is horribly disfigured too.
  So he is like just Snoke, which by the, I guess now they think about it.
  Snoke is my favorite character from those new movies.
  So I guess he sort of knows that.
  So like he's making me feel good whenever I look at him, which honestly that's very  nice of him to do.
  Wow.
  I really appreciate that.
  Huh?  He, mine has, I see him with pepperonis for eyes.
  It's very similar to those that you ate at Wetzel's.
  That's got to be adjacencies too though.
  I well, yes.
  I mean the, my Vivo meal was the, the redemption of pepperoni.
  When you look at Scott and I, do you see humans or food?  Well, I haven't eaten a lot today.
  So at the moment it's kind of right on the right on the line.
  Do my arms just look like big pieces of pretzel dough to you?  What about me?  Do I stand, I'm a tall kind of slender guy.
  Is it sort of a beef jerky kind of thing?  I don't think I've talked about this yet because the other sectors were so packed full of stuff,  but that Wetzel's pretzel sector fucked up my stomach for like three days.
  Like I was just, I was just lying around the house the day after that experience.
  You say this with some surprise in your voice.
  I was a little surprised cause like pretzel like that has never, I think it was the combination  of the pretzels and the sugary drink.
  What food has made you guys feel the worst so far?  That's Jason's answer I would imagine.
  Oh yeah.
  Mike, I feel like you're steeled up enough to this bullshit that you don't, none of it  makes you feel bad, but I could be wrong.
  Well, I'm trying to think what the worst one would be.
  Mine was, Buka didn't sit great, but also.
  Yeah, Buka wasn't great.
  What's the, oh Ludo, you guys are crazy with Ludo Bird.
  I felt like a million bucks after I ate at Ludo the other day.
  I look, so I talked about the hot chicken craze has been sweeping for years now and  I can't, when I eat Ludo I go, this is fine.
  I don't dislike it, but it's not nearly as good as something like that.
  It's not in the ballpark.
  The first meal, first worst meal that pops into my head is one I believe I ate with Jason,  but it was not during the research specifically for this.
  It was a couple of years ago we were at Hard Rock.
  Oh that fucked me up too.
  Yeah, we both got sick from the.
  So I guess this is a good transition and this was not planned, but it was like two or three  years ago and they had like some sort of special barbecue kind of thing, spicy sandwich thing  going.
  Yeah, we got like, it was the pulled pork, which they've always had ribs and pulled pork.
  That's what Nat and burgers have been since they opened.
  The Hard Rock definition, which as I've said many times is very hard to pin down, but I  guess food wise, yeah, it's like just meat sandwiches and some barbecue sorta.
  Their corporate history, I think it was the story was like the guys were living in London,  but they wanted a little more of like kind of American like bar and they also really  liked music and they kind of combined that all together.
  And they liked making people sick.
  Yeah.
  And we like tearing apart stomach lining.
  And we were at jalapenos on it like regular pulled pork.
  I've eaten since I was a kid and it was always good.
  It's always fine.
  I didn't throw up, but I think it came out fast.
  It was like dumb.
  Yeah.
  As soon as we got down the hill, I had to go to the bathroom cafe.
  I didn't throw up, but I think it came out fast.
  I suspicious that is the riffs from a Van Halen record.
  The other thing that's made me ill is the adjacent Wetzel's pretzels.
  But I eat at the Hard Rock Cafe in Atlantic City, which is very odd.
  They just redid.
  This is a whole thing, but the Hard Rock Cafe in Atlantic City is located in the new Hard  Rock Casino, which used to be the Trump Taj Mahal Taj Mahal themed Casino on the boardwalk  in Atlantic City run by a bad man.
  And they full on.
  So the Hard Rock used to be in one location.
  Even when the Taj closed, the Hard Rock was able to stay open because they were like sort  of in the front of the building on the boardwalk.
  When the Hard Rock took over the whole facility, they moved the Hard Rock to the other side  of the building.
  And that original location became something else.
  And my family and I were just like, this feels weird.
  Right.
  And it's like a very minimalist.
  Like, yeah, why did they bother?  It was a very weird minimalist Hard Rock like the Johnny Rockets.
  So, but I ate there felt fine.
  But the Universal City Hard Rock.
  Yeah, we we Mike and I both kind of got fucked up there a few years ago from food to not  from drinking.
  Let me keep the excellent segues going by saying that I found some literature about  if you wanted to rent the Hard Rock up there for a party or something.
  And they point out in the official literature that they consider that location to be a Taj  Mahal influenced building.
  Really?  In did that occur?  That the city walk location they think is kind of like the Taj Mahal.
  Did that occur to either of you and anyone listening that that is anything like the Taj  Mahal?  No, I know.
  It's just a building with a dome that doesn't count as Taj Mahal.
  That it was painted white.
  But I always associate it that they kind of like expanded or were roughly inspired by  the mission style architect like the missions of California.
  It's much closer to a mission than the Taj Mahal.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  So that that's what I associate.
  It's kind of more of a teardrop shape.
  Right.
  This thing does not have to say that.
  That's a bunch of bullshit.
  There's other bullshit in this description.
  It's 1996 Hard Rock Cafe Hollywood since 1996 Hard Rock Cafe continues to rock Universal  City Walk.
  That's not correct.
  And is it since a date?  It continues.
  Not right.
  Since blank blank has been rocking.
  Yeah.
  I think.
  Right.
  Yes.
  It has been copious rocking.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  The denizens of City Walk Hollywood.
  Giant Fender guitar fountain.
  I can't argue with that one.
  You know, that's the interior.
  That's a Van Halen guitar we've talked about.
  Oh, yeah.
  OK.
  Specifically a recreation.
  I mean, I don't know if it's supposed to be looking like it at Lyft.
  Maybe it's copyrighted and it's supposed to be a knockoff, but it is.
  That's what it's for sure inspired by.
  All right.
  As you enter past a Stone Temple Pilots guitar or clothes worn by Velvet Revolver in their  first video.
  Uh huh.
  Oh, boy.
  They are speaking my musical language.
  And then you enter past like obviously you stop and you look at the Velvet Revolver clothes  for 25 minutes minimum.
  But if you can pull yourself away, then you keep going into the restaurant and you see  a big revolving Cadillac.
  There's a big pink Cadillac, which makes this the second unorthodox elevated pink Cadillac  at CityWalk.
  There are two and I'm not sure if it's still pink.
  I couldn't tell you exactly.
  Yeah.
  Either way, this adds to the seemingly endless array of unusual vehicles that are lifted  high above where vehicles usually are.
  Seems a little redundant, but I guess it's a cool centerpiece.
  Then you see one of my odd things with the Hard Rock Cafe is what's up with like rock  the planet?  There's all this weird environmentalism that's not committed to and what does it mean and  how do they actually help?  Was or is one of their charitable causes.
  But they're mysterious.
  Like, yeah, what is corporate?  It doesn't exist outside.
  They do the very specific political action of rocking the rainforest.
  Yeah.
  That's, it's easy to chart.
  Funny because there's a lot of wood.
  This is one of the Hard Rocks covered like there's a lot of old or a lot of dark wood  fixtures.
  And they said they switched to wood straws when everybody else was switching for plastic.
  Yes, you reuse those and they made and there's a little note on it that says entire tree  killed for this single straw.
  Rest of wood thrown out.
  But that is the thing I like about.
  I like the wood.
  I like how just a sheer assault of music memorabilia.
  This in the Orlando ones are what I think of when I think Hard Rock Cafe.
  Not like pure white cocaine-y whatever Atlantic City is going for.
  Yeah, I've seen I'm looking at the pictures of them.
  The one in Orlando is like the ruins in Greece.
  They're like the exterior.
  I love that.
  Yeah, that's pretty silly.
  I like that.
  Yeah, that's even though I'm not sure what that has to do with rock and roll.
  Yeah.
  I will not argue in the same way that's Devin Susser just said about how do you argue with  the giant King Kong?  A big guitar is a lot of fun.
  It adds to the skyline of some of the bizarre touristy places that Hard Rock is in, which  if you look at the entire list, it's like 750 locations.
  It's in every major city across the globe.
  But why?  Why are people demanding this specific restaurant?  I don't understand the hunger for it.
  And how could they possibly have enough guitars and picks and velvet revolver shirts to populate  all of them?  I think some of those are lies is what I think.
  I think we talked about that.
  I just have a lie.
  I just don't trust this brand.
  Would the CityWalk health inspector be able to also identify a counterfeit velvet revolver  outfit?  Maybe?  Is that a different part of the government that has to be checking into stuff like that?  If it maybe he tests it for like fluids or like, yeah, was is there like sweat for who's  the which one's velvet revolver?  Was that Scott Weiland as well?  No, this had two Scott Weiland bands.
  Yeah, I think that right.
  Isn't velvet revolver Scott Weiland?  That's really weird.
  Well, because it was slash for sure.
  It was part of Guns N' Roses with velvet revolver because at the same time, it's also confusing  as audio slave was happening, which Chris Cornell, which two of both of these singers  have passed away.
  So it was Chris Cornell and Rage Against Machine was audio slave and then velvet revolver was  Scott Weiland and Guns N' Roses.
  This is I'm so confused.
  They were in the Scott Weiland game, I guess.
  Maybe.
  I don't know.
  It is interesting, though, that they point out those two bands.
  Yeah.
  If you really ran the numbers, it is quietly 85 percent of the merch at all 750 locations,  all Scott Weiland stuff.
  They just have every item of clothing he ever wore, every all the boxer shorts, every sock.
  Is that Harper Ray's boyfriend?  Scott Weiland?  Oh, Harper.
  Well, then Harper's had a rough.
  Poor Harper.
  Gee whiz.
  No, Harper is dating Duff McKagan, I think, from Guns N' Roses.
  He's much more stable.
  Much more stable.
  Very talented.
  So a couple other things to say about this specific location, it is perhaps part of why  you think of this location when you think about the brand is that don't forget this  specific Hard Rock F.
A.
 used very prominently in the opening sequence of Keenan and Kel.
  Oh, sure.
  To the opening.
  Yeah.
  In which you're warned to watch out for Keenan because Keenan be scheming.
  That is all under the backdrop of the Hard Rock Cafe.
  Also a little cameo from our old pal, the giant King Kong.
  He factors in there.
  So outside of Honey, I Blew Up the Kid, one of the most prominent film uses of a Hard  Rock Cafe.
  So good on you.
  That's good.
  This location.
  And also Jersey Girl.
  That's where they have the record release party that Ben Affleck has put together.
  Is that right?  Really?  No, no.
  Just a Hard Rock Cafe.
  I don't think it's this one.
  I think it's a Tines Square one.
  Sorry, sorry to get your hopes up.
  Because then Jersey Girl takes place in Jersey.
  Takes place in fucking Jersey.
  A fucking city walk.
  Is it the Atlantic City location?  No, I don't think it is.
  I think it's in New York because that's before he's got to give up his big career.
  Yeah, that's before he learns that he has to go back to the suburbs or whatever.
  I think so.
  It's getting silenced for me on the Jersey Girl.
  I saw it in the theater.
  Yeah, I did too.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  Did it invalidate the rest of the View-esque universe?  It's not part of the View-esque universe.
  It's not part of the View-esque universe.
  But did it make you not enjoy the previous films, as Mudd did admit?  No, time did that.
  No, no.
  Clerks 2, much more damage.
  I thought Jersey Girl was fine, honestly.
  I thought that was a pleasant little movie.
  Oh, okay, he's trying a different thing.
  Jordan Harlan's nice in that.
  He's nice.
  He's very nice.
  He's very nice.
  He plays Ben Affleck's nice dad.
  It was good to see George Collin be nice.
  It was.
  It was.
  He usually says a lot of very offensive words.
  It stings the ears of us, the good boys.
  That's right, but it was very good.
  He kept it in his pants in this film.
  But there's one bit of history, which I think I've alluded to in prior episodes, but this  Hard Rock Cafe, very important to me because it was the location of my very first date  in my whole life.
  Wow.
  Just as I revealed, City Walk factored heavily into my eventual marriage.
  This also the very beginning bookend of my romantic career, so I'm very fond of it.
  I talked about this a little bit on my Dough Boys episode about the Hard Rock Cafe.
  I was doing the math also and realizing that the Dough Boys episode about Hard Rock Cafe,  two episodes about the Hard Rock Park, we talked about the retail store two days ago,  then there's this episode.
  And when Wallinor was back here, Hard Rock Park came up again.
  So this is the sixth podcast on which I've discussed the great brand Hard Rock.
  We will do another two episode arc with Hard Rock Park, I assume.
  Oh no, I don't think we covered it all.
  Yeah, there's too much.
  We haven't even barely touched on freestyle music park.
  I know.
  So we'll get, so this is, we're still early in the amount of eventually.
  I hope by the end of my podcasting career, there will be minimum 55 podcast episodes  where, but my first date on which I was very nervous about it and my dad coached me about  how to, I'd never just paid for someone at a restaurant, so my dad talked me through  it and he said, well, just the bill will come and you give them a card, it's very easy.
  And then you have to put down the tip.
  And I said, oh, how does that work?  And he said, oh, you know, you just, you know, you just give them, you know, like, like 10%  of what my dad's date advice was shitty tipping.
  Oh yeah.
  He continues to be a shitty tip.
  Wow, really?  Yeah.
  What is the, Jason said, what would you, do you say yes, affirmative to the 10%?  Was that a yes of, oh no, that was yes, that's good for my snow, especially California.
  You give at least 11 or 12%.
  Oh stop it.
  I tip appropriately.
  I was going to say California, it's a little easier because in a lot of places it's practically  10%.
  So you just sort of like double the tax and round up.
  You end up to about 20%.
  It saves you some mental anguish to just go to 20.
  But anyway, my dad gave me that advice.
  I was very nervous about the whole endeavor and in fact, I did not tell this girl that  it was a date until we were dropped off.
  Oh, she was visiting for the summer and I had arranged this whole scheme and we had  done a lot of touristy stuff already.
  So my mom took us and she assumed the whole time that we were going to be walking around  with my mom until the door opened and all right, have fun guys.
  So this is misleading.
  Yeah, what a great move off the bat to bum rush the person with that date.
  Important to note, I was 15 years old.
  She was 13 years old.
  Oh my gosh.
  The most romantic ages that exist.
  Jason looks a little stressed out about this.
  Although the meeting, the getting to the location and trying to figure out it was a date, sometimes  that doesn't go away.
  You don't have to worry about that anymore.
  But yeah.
  Thank you.
  I became such an expert dater thanks to all of these great city walking counters.
  I got to just blast through it, got to marriage as quick as I could.
  But thanks to dates like this hard rock date going so perfectly because spoiler alert,  after all was said and done, we went back to my parents' house in Woodland Hills and  the sequence of events of that evening led to my first kiss my whole life.
  So city walk.
  Wow.
  Sitting walk in your belly is a VHS copy of the Winslow boy playing on TV.
  I was just trying to estimate about what would have been out that time.
  I don't know.
  You can suck it in.
  I'm not sure.
  This is the year 2000.
  I think I might have gone on a date to see AI with her around that time as well.
  Well yeah, what a great, what a great day.
  But then you got out of the car and it was apparent your mother wasn't going with you  guys.
  Did you announce it's a date or was it just sort of assumed and you didn't speak about  it?  No, it did not come up.
  Right.
  After the fact, we talked on the phone about it and like, yeah, that was, I don't know,  that was like my little plan or whatever.
  Well, you got me.
  Another moment of this date that I don't think I talked about when we talked about Hot Topic  was that we passed by the Hot Topic on the way to the Hard Rock Cafe and she said, oh,  they have these back in my hometown of Houston.
  This store is pretty weird, like you.
  And I was like, eh, yeah.
  And you took it as a good thing.
  Oh yeah, no, no, no.
  That meant like, I was like, you know, I was adventurous.
  You were as cool as Hot Topic was.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  An old Hot Topic that was more focused on anthrax shirts.
  Yes.
  And I was like, oh, I'm as cool as that.
  And I took her in there and I said, oh yeah, I don't know.
  Maybe I'll try to find something.
  And I found a shirt.
  I found a spinal tap shirt that had it was a good shirt because it had all the tour dates  on the back of the film and they all get canceled as it goes.
  And I'm super playing up, you know.
  Yeah, it's this little movie.
  Like, have you heard of it?  Maybe you haven't heard of it.
  Yes.
  I'm going to do like waiting for golf.
  It's like, yeah, totally cool.
  Like, yeah, like not everybody knows about it.
  I know about it.
  I saw that movie five years ago for the first time.
  I'm not kidding.
  How was it to not grow up with it?  It was good.
  I think it's the last Guffman movie or the last guest movie.
  Or no, I never saw the movie studio one, whatever that was called.
  That's fine.
  That one's fine.
  And I can't think of the name of it.
  Yeah.
  But yes, that's great.
  I really got to show off my very deep cult film, the mental archives.
  But yeah, so super nervous the whole time, but felt pretty good about it.
  Didn't throw her with this whole first date switcheroo.
  We got back home and the sequence of events that led to the first kiss was that I was  like playing her CDs and whatever.
  And I put on like a slower song and then we started dancing.
  We started slow dancing.
  That's like a fucking movie.
  Yeah, well, that's because that's all I knew.
  I was like creating really contrived like movie moments.
  Yeah, it doesn't go away if you when you're 32.
  Your dates are like my dates at 15.
  That's delightful.
  Except you don't have braces.
  No, just fucked up teeth.
  You just let them grow out.
  And you drive.
  Character actor teeth.
  You drive with a girl to a place with another person and then you make the other person  go away and go, hey, it's a date.
  Just kidding.
  I find it comforting to know that there's a chaperone at least a chaperone.
  What do you say?  Chaperone.
  Chaperone.
  That's what all people say.
  Yeah, that's how you pronounce it.
  Because there's no other.
  It's not a macaroon.
  Are you thinking of macaroons?  I mean, always.
  We're playing this old chestnut, huh?  This old flute.
  It's one of the best songs we know.
  Why don't you give a shout out to the listener who sent us a picture of the original Hot  Topic facade?  Oh, that's right.
  While we're talking about it.
  Oh, it was so weird back then.
  There were gargoyles and flames.
  Gargoyles and ghoulies and flames.
  Oh my gosh.
  It really is a darker.
  That's like all the angst I had inside me at 15.
  It's as weird as you were.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I kept it pretty weird.
  Pretty weird.
  I also had hair twice as long as I currently have and braces.
  So picture all that.
  So we get into this slow dance situation, but the slow dance is in my sister's bedroom  as is my sister.
  And the entire point, so this was a childhood friend who came out and was being set up to  be a friend of my little sister.
  And instead she got lured in by the charms of her older brother.
  This is hard.
  It was a rough week.
  My sister was jealous and mad about the whole thing.
  And then we started slow dancing and my sister's reaction was to yell, oh gross.
  And then she left the room, slammed the door, opened the door again, slammed it again, opened  the door again, slammed it again.
  Rule of three is very funny.
  Incredible.
  There is a Kramer exit.
  You've done this genre before, but this is like an imagine the Wes Anderson version of  this whole date.
  Yeah.
  So you've got like you're straightening a bow tie in the mirror and then you've kind  of like planned the record and you put the record down.
  It's an overhead shot of the record for the slow dance.
  But except it's a CD, it's a fetishy shot.
  It's a Wes Anderson style shot of a CD being put down, the lid being closed, me putting  it on random mode.
  Right.
  And it's like you into the mirror.
  I have a crush on a girl.
  Like, it's perfectly, I can imagine this.
  Declaring how weird I am the entire time.
  I'm pretty weird.
  I'm a, but everyone's very emotional in the background.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  And I was wearing the braces as an affect.
  It was a joy.
  It was like a little, it was an endearing little touch of flair.
  So anyways, these are just, these are all the events surrounding my first date.
  You are madness.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  That's something.
  Shout out to at SC Jacka, who sent us that picture of the original hot topic.
  I'm glad we got to mention it.
  Absolutely.
  Thank you.
  Where we, we just see, you know, the show was just slowly painting pictures for people  of like, oh, here's why these men are like this.
  Yeah.
  Well that's, I thought that's all important context.
  Spinal tab shirt braces.
  This is, you know, now, now you know this about me and the, I think, I think what's  really going to make the city walk saga persist in people's minds is how much we opened up  and revealed our truth.
  Yeah, sure.
  And, and it's easiest for you of course, because this is, you lived your whole life at city  walk.
  I really have.
  When you think about it, thinking about how I saw a mission impossible two and then many  years later, six, right on the same location.
  That is crazy.
  It's like my whole life.
  I've been standing still and city walk has been changing in fast motion all around me.
  It's a garden state style, fast motion shot.
  The world just keeps spinning.
  It's kind of beautiful.
  That one rock named Ethan hunt has been the only there for our sins.
  He's changed.
  He's got lots of different haircuts.
  So is city walk, Ethan hunt and city walk.
  They've always been there and they always will be there, but they go through changes  like everything does.
  So those are really the only two constants I can think of in life in the world, in the  world anywhere.
  Yeah.
  It's off the top of my head.
  City walk has stood strong in its political tumult.
  Presidential term after presidential term, it just keeps on rocking and that velvet revolver  shirt just keeps on glimmering in the window.
  And waitresses at the Hard Rock Cafe keep bitterly looking at 15 year olds checks where  they got stiffed on the tip and throwing them down in anger.
  You did tip 10%.
  I think I may have on my dad's command.
  I didn't know any better.
  When did you learn that that was a little bit underwhelming for it?  With much later girlfriends who were like mad when they found out.
  I think, yeah, I think I very late in life left like a dollar on something that should  have been much more.
  My girlfriend's like, what the fuck is wrong with you?  Wait a minute.
  What card were you putting down?  I must have borrowed one from my dad.
  Unless I paid cash.
  Not sure.
  Yeah.
  Because I didn't have any money at the time, you know?  I didn't have a job yet, but I still want to, I still want to take a girl out for just  a good honest Hard Rock Cafe lunch.
  And the Wes Anderson version, of course, like you put the piggy bank down and it's an overhead  shot of the piggy bank and then you smash it with a hammer and then you collect the  money.
  Perfect little tink and then they're all, they're all old Spanish coins, which for some  reason the Hard Rock Cafe.
  They take that.
  It's, um, well, uh, oh, also there's a, like a stage where there's concerts and shit.
  I, I put it in this sector, but who cares?  I have nothing to say about the five towers.
  You'll see like a little dance recital going on.
  You'll see, you know, like it seems like schools get to like put things up there.
  Well, I'll tell you this.
  I thought this was very smart.
  In the summer they were playing World Cup games on the big screen above the stage.
  drew a crowd like people that was very a very smart move on their soccer very  popular oh maybe the screen is more the thing to talk the stage I don't know if  you guys ever sat and watched anything at the stage no I mean you walk by and  you go it's like a bunch of 12 year olds doing like a cheerleading routine or  something and I okay and I walk away I annex this but can wanted to talk about  it because I assumed if I googled there would be interesting concerts and stuff  that had happened there but like one of the only ones I found was the Hollywood's  most noted gossip columnist Perez Hilton will introduce octone recording artist  Kat Graham to perform her hit single put your graffiti on me so that's the best  thing that ever happened on the stage they don't do concerts it seems like it  would be perfect for some big splashy event sure when Jimmy Buffett was playing  the opening of margaritaville I go for sure he's gonna play the outdoor stage  yeah no no he played the tiny stage inside margaritaville for like you know  a hundred people so I don't they don't they just don't do that I guess I don't  know why and now here's another thing after all this is said and done how how  great would it be if we could do a live podcast the ride from the five towers  stage I think we should do it I think we should and now we can officially  announce the final episode episode 19 will be live from the five towers stage  and you know that's not cool they would never do that how amazing would that be  if we could end it there are days of our lives at the five tower stage which is  pretty cool it's so clogged with soap opera stars how are they gonna fit us  email I will email tomorrow we could you do this last one there really I mean we  should it really be a problem is the problem is the problem is Jason first of  all doesn't like fun and that's the problem but not but hang on that was a  big leap what do you mean I mean Jason doesn't like this for like 10 Jason  doesn't like like if you're like hey let's do something like spur the moment  quick or something this is like a sprung on him and he's like no there's no way  they'll ever let us do something like that you mean if we were to record an  episode of the city walk saga live at city walk like Jason would object to  that I think that if you're referring to a real specific incident when Scott's  suggested we sneak a microphone in the city walking this recording episode  there and Jason flipped out then yes Jason was so upset if that was a  specific situation yeah he would not like that and you also be sent  hypothetically was making a literal big frowny face right now you're making  false promises even I'm gonna email I'm gonna email nothing's gonna come to  that did what did I say these people false hope I'm not it's not when you  say false promises I didn't say you can bet your life that will do it I said hey  you know what I'll email we should do that I'm the one who started announcing  it was a straight lie halfway through the lie I should email and ask now I'm  thinking of course the last episode is this is the parking garage and we're  given given these secrets away people at this point are so fatigued by this whole  thing and they're like what are they gonna do like oh I was a wonder it was  the secret is out I was thinking that we're gonna do you know the garbage cans  in the parking lot for the last episode the sheriff's station yeah like so so  it's not like it's crazy but do we do an unofficial bum rush flash mob episode  from the top of we pull our car up to the top of the Jurassic parking lot and  just start doing it and a crowd shows up it's like it's like a Fast and Furious  Street Race we just start doing it and if the cops show up everybody everybody  skedaddles we get out of there but you know that's how we do it we're running  gun and should do it like what's the is it from Dukes of Hazzard the big car  with a big bullhorn on the top and just broadcast the show like like that yeah  you know what I'm talking about why not well somewhere on that universal  property is that Blues Brothers car oh that has the big with a megaphone on top  so in Blues Brothers an archic spirit we sneak on a lot steal the car hook up our  microphones to it which I assume that it is a functioning audio mechanism it has  to be yeah we hijack that baby using my knowledge of the universal roads from  being a tour guide we find a stealthy path up to the top of the parking  garage and that's episode 19 and I'll tell the listeners right now I promise  it will happen I would like to do it tribute to this room has an age well  everyone lean into the look at this comedy it's so funny however that's a  false objection you're upset about the idea that we would do a bum that we do  an unofficial thing and get in trouble you're not upset about the Blues Brothers  holding up just go to these places to drink wine I want everyone to lean  closer to however they're listening to this podcast and I want you to listen  this I promise you that would this is will happen that the 19th episode show up  what is it October 2nd or 3rd get to the second of the second go to the top of  just get up there pays a fee go to the top of the front of note from Frank  it's fine are you both doing I will give you Mike's the value of Mike's promises  on the line and I think he's got to prove it so I will see you and they call  him Mike the fraud car I will give you Jason Sheridan's address to you stop  and we will all meet up there before and we will all go is appearing together I  don't see it are you sure meet outside yeah no the stone that's a hailing in  here hailing in here yeah it's kicking in and Jason not until now I promise you  will make lemonade for all of us too before we get up there because we will  be part by the time we get up there I'll find ball of ricotta cheese which is  how you feel right now how I feel right you feel like a 14-day-old ball of  ricotta cheese rotting in the alleys behind City Walk which will be episode  18 another spoiler the out the alleys and the dumpsters and the and the pipes  and the and we promise you that's true yes and we will be doing the podcast  live from a bathroom stall mm-hmm so go into every bathroom stall at City Walk  open them all up don't ask permission just just your little feety underneath  pull a Larry Craig and slide your foot on and if we pull your big toe three  times then you know we're in there doing the podcast and you can be our special  guest mm-hmm well you survived podcast the ride Jason Jason sort of did mainly  did for the second episode I'm going to say I feel like I'm going to die and I  did not see that coming well wait until tomorrow when we go to sample some of  City Walk's finest nightlife mm-hmm we're all engaging in a little date you  know that I'm the king of the City Walk yeah social excursion and y'all will be  my 13 year old girl oh yeah tomorrow that's great on a trip on a trip to some  of City Walk's finest bars look forward to that one if you think you want to die  now Jason oh my god wait till tomorrow we're gonna feel it tomorrow yeah and so  will you our audience see ya  this has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson  Jason Sheridan Scott Gardner Brett Boehm Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey for more  original podcasts please visit forever dog podcasts calm and subscribe to our  shows on Apple podcasts Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts keep up  with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at  forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook