 Forever.
.
.
  Dog.
  When your town has let you down  When your port has fallen short  When you're too worn out to run  And need some ribs or a Cinnabon  You need a place, a place for rock  A place for roll, a place where Oakland Raiders merch is sold  A sublime hot topic and billabong  A place where you can purchase a candy thong  So let's go take a walk  Let's all go to City Walk  Tonight, tonight  Hi.
 Yep, me too.
  Maybe they pick it up here.
  Maybe they come back, you're right.
  Maybe they go, oh, 12 looks good.
  Maybe hopefully they come back for Paul Scheer.
  Paul Scheer is back.
  I am so excited to be in Sector 12.
  I wouldn't have it any other way.
  I don't want to talk about 5 or 4.
  I mean, 12 was the one, if I had my eye on any of the sectors, it would be this.
  It's the most elusive sector of City Walk.
  In my opinion, it's kind of hidden in the corner.
  It doesn't, yeah, it doesn't get the,  it doesn't get the sunlight of the tourists as much as the rest, I feel like, you know.
  This is a nice change of pace because our last guest, Nick Mundy,  was trying to annex things into his sector.
  Oh really?  It became a whole thing.
  Use the rules.
  No, no, I like my sector a lot.
  I mean, you know, you know, and we're going to spend, I would say what,  we agreed before the podcast, about 90 minutes on Samba, right?  The Brazilian Grill.
  Is that like, we're just really going to break down that.
  Well, Samba is in another, it's in another sector.
  Oh, it's not in our sector?  It is not in our sector.
  So you are not required to know anything about Samba.
  Samba is in sector 14.
  Now why? Because it's so geographically.
  The Sector Keep, these have been set years and years, eons ago.
  Oh no, no, as I know, and in fact, maybe this is a good time to get the reminder  from the Sector Keeper, oh, great master, what are we talking about today?  Boys, boys, Paul, today's sector is Sector 12, Margaritaville, Wetzel's Pretzels,  Hard Rock Cafe, retail store, and I fly indoor skydiving.
  Good luck, boys.
  So it's Margaritaville, Wetzel's Pretzels, Hard Rock Cafe, retail store only,  not the Hard Rock Cafe restaurant, and most importantly, maybe,  I fly indoor skydiving.
  Yeah, so we got to build to that, I suppose.
  I think that's probably last, although Margaritaville could be last as well,  but whatever, yeah, we'll build to I fly, I fly.
  I will say that in recapping from the Sector Keeper,  I had forgotten about the Hard Rock store because it was such a jam-packed sector  that I feel like I'm remembering it now, but it's been a big night.
  Yeah, it's been a big day, and we spent a significant amount of time  in that Hard Rock store.
  We did.
  I talked to the employee.
  We talked to the employee, too.
  Well, you want to talk about it?  Let's talk about it.
  So it's removed from the, it's not, as opposed to Margaritaville,  which Margaritaville no longer has the retail location, though it still says store,  but they took it out and put tables in.
  In Hard Rock Cafe, it's removed entirely.
  It's outside.
  It's far away from the entrance to the restaurant,  and you cannot access it from the restaurant.
  Which is a bold move because, you know, someone who has visited  Bubba Gump Shrimp Company, you got to walk through that gift shop.
  It's very, you know, Bank CES, right?  I mean, like, you know, you go through the gift shop.
  I mean, here, you know, here you got to exit and then go to the gift shop,  which is, that means that Hard Rock is so comfortable in the appeal of their merchandise.
  They're like, we don't even need you to walk inside  because you want one of these classic Hard Rock shirts.
  Yeah.
 Do they have merchandise in the restaurant as well?  My memory is they might also have some merchandise as well.
  So it's not only that.
 It's also just like it's an overrun,  like the embarrassment of riches.
  Well, this is for the people who, like, don't want to mess with the food,  but want the t-shirt.
  Now, I don't know if you guys can speak to this at all.
  This is a question I've always had.
  There's been so many Hard Rock shirts that you'll see  that identify Hard Rock Cafe in places that they're clearly not, right?  Is that like, that's like a thing, right?  I don't know.
 I think they're there.
  There's a lot of locations.
  There are a lot of locations.
  They are everywhere and a ton of international.
  Okay.
  Although they've started to maybe dry up and close a little,  but not near, that's not that much.
  Planet Hollywood, pretty dead in the water.
  Hard Rock marches on.
  I went to, like, the first Hard Rock when I was a kid  because I grew up in New York City and it was a real event to go there.
  That was like when, like, you know, Dan Ackroyd would like pop in  and do like a blues set or whatever, you know, like.
  Sure.
  But I did ask the guy behind the counter  because the classic shirt is the white shirt with the Hard Rock,  like the most basic, the one that you would see at like souvenir stores.
  Right.
  And he said that is the best-selling shirt.
  He's like, so much so that he sells out of them on a regular basis.
  Really?  He said that a woman came in and she's like, he's like,  I don't have them and I won't get them again until next Sunday.
  Wow.
  When I get my delivery.
  He gets a delivery every Sunday and he's like,  and it's he's he said that that shirt is the reason why people come in.
  It still has the staying power.
  Because people collect those.
  Like, if they travel a lot, I feel like people collect.
  There is, God, I got to see if I can figure out who this is.
  It's either like a journalist or like a Microsoft executive,  someone who was like an early adopter on Twitter  and someone found like someone realized they every time they traveled,  they're like in Macau, got to get my Hard Rock shot glass or got my Rock shirt.
  And there was just dozens of these posts.
  Well, he, the person by the counter is also saying that the two things that people come in for  are the pins that are specific to Hard Rock.
  He's a guest.
  The regular pin like the regular shirt is always a good seller.
  He said, but there's two specific ones.
  And there was one I actually had my eye on.
  It was a film camera that is shooting out the word Hard Rock.
  He said that's only available at Universal Studios because of the specific nature of it.
  And then there's a drama mask, like a happy sad drama mask.
  And that is also an exclusive to the club, the Hard Rock Club, the Universal Club.
  Paul, this begs the question.
  Are you a pinhead?  Well, you know, we really got into it there because it seems like Hard Rock got in  on this this pin craze so much so that they have a whole pin section.
  Yeah, it's a ton of black, which then delves into seemingly some double entendre.
  If you're always on the lookout for new ways to poke, prick, stab and stick it to your style,  then maybe you should be a pinhead.
  And this black goes on and on and on.
  And I guess relevant to theme park worlds that this is, I guess,  maybe perhaps inspired by the Disney thing.
  I don't know why.
  Yeah, I feel like people feel like if you have exclusive pins,  you have to get them or you're missing out on something.
  It's a collectible mentality of like we need to get all of these.
  Yeah, it's weird.
 I don't know.
  That's that's the thing that has stuck around almost at Disney because they've had little toy  like little vinylmation toys, but they got they seem to be phasing those out a little bit.
  Yeah.
 But like the pins remain.
  That does seem to be like a very consistent collectible item for adults.
  I am often disturbed by seeing older people with their pin books at Disneyland.
  You opened up on some sort of barrel and children approach garbage can garbage can.
  Yeah, there's a there's a lot of trading and it feels like it's gone to a seedier side than it originally was intended.
  I believe like the idea was that you were wearing a lanyard and you might have a couple on there  and then you would pass somebody and hey, I like that pin and then you would switch pins.
  But now it seems like a much more of like a market.
  Yeah, a dirty marketplace about the hacks.
  You can buy bulk lots of pins like twenty five to one hundred pins on Amazon for like twenty five bucks or something.
  Your eyes are getting all shifty when you're talking about this.
  And then you just take them to the parks and you trade with cast members for ones you really want.
  You get a randomized assortment of like real pins and for like a fraction of the price.
  So what are you where are you buying them bulk?  You buy them on like Amazon.
 You buy like a lot of twenty five for maybe like twenty five dollars.
  Are they real Disney pins?  Real Disney.
  So then the cast members are forced into this barter.
  Yeah.
  Or if you go to a shop and say like, oh, do you have any pins to trade?  Sometimes I'll have a little display.
  They keep behind the counter.
  Interesting, interesting goal of this being combative and trying to like I think the system.
  I wish I kept my original pins because when I went on one trip, I had an MGM Studios hat and I put a bunch of like Roger Rabbit pins on there.
  And it was very specific to Disney.
  Now, those would have been worth.
  Oh, yeah.
 Sweet, sweet coin.
  You know, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, that's all explode.
  That's like the only consistent I feel like collectible.
  Like that's still money, like everything else I feel like has its ups and downs.
  But that's only been on the rise for whatever reason.
  And you think that the hard rock is I mean, it's hard because you wouldn't be you wouldn't be walking around the hard rock trying to pin trade.
  This is only for your own personal gratification and satisfaction that you would have like a wall of hard rock pins.
  Like this is like, you know, and I could see someone who like also has like a tequila and hot sauce collection.
  Sure.
  And they're selling off their hard rock.
  They're Mr.
 Worldwide 2017 Pitbull collaboration.
  Do any of our listeners have a collection of Hard Rock Cafe pins?  Please post them.
  I would love to see them because I used to collect the Hard Rock Cafe shirts that had original artwork by musicians on them.
  Those short lived t shirt things.
 It was like, you know, the lead singer of Crash Test Dummies designed this Hard Rock Cafe.
  Whoa, it's Stone Temple Pilots have their own shirt.
  And it was sort of like in the mix of the Jerry guys and Jerry Garcia was like making ties and that nature.
  But it was like, did you have I had about five or six because, you know, it just sort of like, well, this is an exclusive shirt.
  I got to get on and get to get get in on this.
  And do you think that the era of the Hard Rock Organization having relationships with the current rock stars has waned?  Like because I don't I feel like I walked in there and into those restaurants in the 90s and thought, well, they are clearly in league with people of that nature.
  And now I don't know because like who's on the wall now is the bass player from Korn Monkey Shaffer.
  Well, I looked at that.
 I feel I feel like the gift shop had the lower tier memorabilia.
  Oh, yeah.
 Because it was sort of like that's not where you're going.
  You know, and then I'm also like, do you feel any special anymore when like someone comes up to you?  Hey, great set tonight.
 Korn killed it.
  Can we have that guitar for the merch store Hard Rock Cafe L.
A.
?  Like, do you feel like who does that? Who's collecting these things?  You know, is there a play? You know, I don't know.
 Is there a place you have to go?  Yeah.
 Who is the broker? Yeah, I would read a big like article or oral history.
  Hard Rock.
 All that stuff comes through it because I've also heard the rumor that it is fake.
  There is a Beck biography I read where he walked into a Hard Rock Cafe and something was labeled Beck and he's like, not as far as I know.
  So like, yeah, some guitar and it was not even recognized.
  Well, we didn't you walk we walked in a couple.
  It might have been three months ago and you pointed at something on the mall.
  You go, who's that? And the guy behind the counter went, I don't know.
  I think that was about are you there was one is one is Chiodos, Derek Frost from Chiodos.
  And I'm sorry if I'm the Chiodos might be a great band.
 I just don't know them.
  And what's the other one? A Treyu.
 Don't know Treyu.
  I've heard of a Treyu.
 Do you guys think that we should open up like the stream, the stream shack, a podcast themed restaurant?  Oh, man.
 Like sit under like some watercolors of Mark Maron's cats.
  You could see Joe Rogan's weights, whatever it is, you know, a replica of the ear wolf table.
  Everyone's eating on signed ear wolf tables.
 Look at that display case.
  It's a collar from Bosh, Sean Clements' dog that shows up on Hollywood and book a lot.
  You know, you could you could you can sit under the image of Dustin from Feral Audio and you could read his tail of woe.
  Oh, the full pop.
 The actual manifesto.
  And then at the end, you can pay with Mike Mitchell's actual credit card because it was actually stolen from him and he hasn't noticed.
  That seemed like something that would happen.
 Sure.
 Stream shack.
  Jason's working there.
  Yes, I'm laundering, I'm waiting tables and laundering money.
  When I first ate at Planet Hollywood, one of the first times again, it was in New York City was like one of the first.
  I think it was the first Planet Hollywood.
  I was so excited because I went there one day and Anthony Michael Hall was just eating like lunch there.
  I was like, Whoa, celebrities do come here.
  And I thought that was a real cool thing.
  And I feel like we could all do a shift at the stream shack.
 Yeah, sure.
  To kind of mix it up.
 Well, it starts the legend that, you know, the big stars like us, you know, really are.
  They actually do.
 This is their place.
  And it would be great to, you know, maybe the stream studio.
  I mean, that would be like the thing or be like a studio or you have to have like live shows there so you could be munching down on burgers and listening to great interviews.
  And this would all like stop happening as time went on like how ESPNZone used to do live broadcasts.
  And then after two years, like, nah, nah, nah, fuck it.
 Yeah, let's not get out there.
  But we start the.
 Well, we need a mascot.
  And it's interesting because we learned a little bit about the Hard Rock Cafe mascot, which I did not even understand was a thing.
  I Googled this right before we started a big, you thought I was just looking up the sector.
 I was looking up.
  Oh, this is a thing that given more time, we would have researched for days.
 Yeah.
  Just being hit with this information.
  So, yeah, we're going to do our best here, but we do not have all the information on the official doll doll of Hard Rock Cafe.
  She's a mascot.
 She's just it's I would say it's the mascot is personified by the doll.
  Right.
 I can't find her in other media.
  Oh, the top of my very quickly.
 Her name is Harper Ray.
  Yes.
 And we've gone through a lot of changes over the years, apparently.
  Yes.
 And she's different.
 So she's a she's in a sort of a Barbie like box.
  She is very similar to Barbie.
 The one we saw, she was like she had a drum and she had like a cool scarf and she had a shirt that said, I'm with the band with the Hard Rock logo under it.
  Can I read what the back says? Yes, please.
  It says Hamburg, Cancun, Bali, Rome, Harper Ray travels the world playing to packed houses at the coolest venues from Munich to Macau, Bogota to Boston.
 Harper Ray rocks every Hard Rock with a uniquely signature style.
  She's dressed differently at every Hard Rock, too.
 It says music is in her DNA.
  She was raised on late 70s blues rock and 80s metal punk.
  She has layers of rhythm in everything.
 That's a weird thing to say.
 And Harper Ray is a drummer.
  Sorry.
 And Harper Ray's drummer is a true rocker, never happier when she's improvising a drum solo.
 Where will Harper Ray show up next?  Straight up typo.
 Yeah, right.
  She is with the band or she is in the band? Because it should be like, and Harper, it should be like she hears a rhythm in everything.
 Harper Ray is a drummer.
  I guess it says Harper Ray's drummer is a true rocker.
 That's like saying that there's somebody else that we are not familiar with.
  Who's not available for purchase.
 Who doesn't even have a name?  And the single drum also strange for someone with such an inherent rhythm sense.
 Right.
 She doesn't have a sense you need more than one drum.
 Is it a snare or a tom?  It looks kind of like a tom to me.
 Kind of kind of thick.
 It's kind of a yeah.
 And she's got two sticks.
  I will say maybe I'm maybe I'm being sexist and I really don't want to be.
 But she's wearing a shirt that says I'm with the band.
 Yeah, that's what I.
 She's in the band.
 Right.
  So in.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like and I get like why that may be ironic.
 But when you look at the way that she looks, you would think, oh, she's like my first thought was, oh, is she like a groupie?  Like that's what she that's what she appears to be.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 See, there's different.
 OK.
 So this is a different Harper Ray.
 I found her on eBay.
  And she's wearing what basically looks like a Disney bounder like outfit, you know, like a right like a rockabilly girl kind of a thing.
 And she's got a guitar.
 So this one very much makes it seem more like she's in the band.
 Yeah.
  Versus just a fan of the band.
 And by the way, I guess I've read it and keep the same instrument.
 No, apparently.
 Yeah.
 But maybe that's the confusion.
 Maybe she comes with a drum.
  But that's for another character in the Harper Ray verse, which I was looking I was like looking online, trying to find if like Harper Ray is like a little sister named Midge or something or like summer, which I'm looking at.
  I don't know what store this is from, but I'm looking at a guitar one and totally different hair kind of black black with the street.
  He said, yeah, yeah, it is.
 Yeah.
 And this one says collectible pin included.
 Yeah, that's one here, too.
 Yeah.
 He said that she has changed her look many a time.
  I can only find two looks.
 I can to.
 So he said that, yes, she's she's changed looks either for some reason.
 People don't love Harper Ray like we all do immediately.
 Yeah.
 Not like putting her old dolls on eBay.
 Or there really are only two versions of Harper Ray.
  I think there's two in this one.
 The one that we're looking at looks more like Katy Perry and the one that we saw.
 I don't even know if she has a analogous person.
  Harper Ray like Barbie box reminded me of like a thing we Paul you noticed earlier.
 There were some L.
A.
 specific pins.
 Oh, yeah.
  The Harper Ray bar like box like we have very clearly skirting around like look.
 It looks like Barbie box.
 Right.
 Very clearly skirting copyright laws.
  Just like those other pins were at the Hard Rock store of like Dodger Stadium with no Dodgers logo.
 That was a bizarre choice.
 It was like co-opting L.
A.
 landmarks.
 Yeah.
 Not giving the due to the landmark.
  Right.
 Because that costs money.
 Because there was a.
 What was the other was a universal one.
 But it was kind of it was kind of it was a large dinosaur that we hypothesize either from back to the future of the ride.
 Right.
  Or Jurassic Park the ride we didn't know.
 And then a roller coaster that simply does not exist at Universal Studios which actually makes me go why doesn't Universal Studios have like a real like simple roller coaster.
  I mean the hippogriff ride I guess is a version of it.
 But I mean it would be really smart for them to just pop in the thrill ride.
 They have the one in Orlando that's very generic the rip ride rocket.
  I like that one.
 Yeah.
 Music.
 Yeah.
 But it's not themed or anything.
 It seems simple enough.
 It does seem like there's a real opportunity to make something that starts up on top of the hill and go down.
  Yeah.
 Is it an easy neighbors.
 I think it's a neighbor.
 They're right on.
 Oh you're right.
 Because they're like the roller coasters are loud.
 That being said they're running fireworks now at night.
  Like there's a they're being very lax about stuff.
 I mean you know you know me I'm just just waiting and hoping for that tonight show ride to get over there.
 I mean come on.
 Yeah.
  That in our fingers you know.
 Yeah.
 I know the barbershop quartet.
 I think we should skip right to the Seth Meyers ride.
  Alan.
 Oh yeah.
 Meyers.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 Why not.
 We don't want to clone.
 We don't want the world.
 Yeah right.
 Let's do things.
  Look I'll take a morning Joe right if you want to do a meek and just garbara.
 Sure.
 In the NBC family.
  We're talking about the VR experiences you could have on the VR episode where you could just do all the shows you could have a VR experience with everyone.
  That would be amazing.
 30 Rock.
 Yeah.
 Hard Rock Cafe where I would say that I think what I like about it is it feels or the gift shop I should say.
 Right.
  No we can't talk about it.
 It feels exclusive.
 It feels like it feels like you're going to get some cool stuff out of there whether it's jewelry which they do sell.
  Scott you look great in the leather jacket.
 You know I was just looking at photos.
 I don't think I look bad at all.
 Yeah.
  Actually I'm a man.
 Maybe I should get that jacket.
 My question is joining an IMF team.
  My question about that jacket is you have to agree on some level that you want a leather jacket right.
 Yeah.
 Which I just don't know if I'm willing to.
  Right.
 That's a big it's a big person.
 But then once you've committed to that you're going like well I'm going to get a hard rock one I'm not going to get like I'm not going to commit to like just a nice leather jacket like that you can go like it's odd that you would want it on brand.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And if you're going to choose a brand for a leather jacket obviously Taz clearly the only way to go.
 Yeah of course.
 I think maybe a lot of hard rock merch is bought and not worn or used in any.
  Yeah.
 I am around shocked that because this is a brand I think you was I realize now there's some crossover now between both of our episodes Scott and I episode of Doughboys.
  Scott had a hard rock cafe item are redeveloped episode and I think you were saying on that episode like what is this brand.
 Yeah.
 Who loves this brand.
 So when you're talking about the merchant like not only is a t-shirt fine a leather jacket that really proclaims that you're a fan of the hard rock.
  Well here's I'll add to this and say that I think that we all share one thing because my doughboys was Bubba gum shrimp company.
 Oh yes.
 Same idea.
 Who feels like I need to immortalize this meal with merch.
  I bought a shirt there that I thought was hilariously funny and I wore it once.
 It was an election shirt.
 I wore it on election day and it said vote for gump and it was a special election theme shirt.
  But then it looked too close to vote for Trump like if you look at it and so I felt really self-conscious about it.
 I put that right next to my adult swim when I was down there visiting them.
 They made these make fish center great again hats.
  So it was just like just Trump hats but they just replaced the thing but again it requires a real fine look at the thing you can't just glance and when you glance at these right they elicit a different response than you want requires a knowledge of the daily adult swim streaming only show fish center.
  Yes which is a very very niche kind of like if Decker and on cinema weren't on obscure enough for you if you want to go even deeper and streaming comedy.
 Have you guys seen the adult swim streaming show called like pitch session where like basically just like take callers pitches for TV shows and then they have like Walter Newman who is one of the adult swim development execs like will then like kind of give them feedback.
  It's odd that you really are pitching the shows.
 Yeah.
 Would they ever do it.
 Probably not.
 Yeah.
 So I guess that makes it like okay.
 It's not like nefarious.
 Yeah.
 But it is like if you have a good idea it could be that could be just whipped away from you.
 Yeah right.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well that's why we should save pitches from the show when we pitch great ideas we just throw them out into the air and like that when we just I worried about we just talked about that start to start tours this the story of Rex and star tours but it's it's sully it could be as far as you want to go it can be sully inspired could be sully shot for shot and but with Rex.
  Yeah.
 I'm worried that's just going to get taken.
 Well I mean I would be freaked out if I were you guys because I know that in was it Hong Kong Disneyland.
 They just opened that Apple dumpling gang thing.
  They announced that.
 Yeah.
 They were able to get enough kids and do the adoption thing.
 So it's like it and apparently they can turn over a hundred adoptions in an hour.
 But it is you know they want to kind of upgrade it a little more.
  Yeah.
 And they're going to have a lot of children there and that was the key.
 Why are we pitching it for Anaheim man and the right I heard now that I'm now that's Paul brings it over I remember and it starts in Shanghai Disney.
 That's where the right connects to Hong Kong.
  That's a bummer.
 I think I've had a breakthrough here of Mike.
 I've answered my own question.
 I think hard rock because like you're saying bubblegum and that makes a lot more sense to me to buy a bubblegum shirt really for whatever reason.
  It's so strange to have more specific for us.
 Yes.
 OK.
 Yes.
 That's what I'm saying.
 So that's all right.
 I think in general because you could end up with like some some joke or his weird philosophy right.
 Even a stupid is a stupid does shirt makes more sense to me than what.
  What is hard rock hard rock saying I think that I think the fact that it's so generic is the strength of hard rock rock is just like wearing a Nike shirt even though Nike is an athletic thing but it's just as generic it means nothing like it's for a dad to where he feels comfortable.
  It's as hard rock it's nothing weird but it falls into the same category that the hard rock park fell into which is like music is not like popular music is not that anymore.
 Like when we look about you know our the mascot I've got her name now already.
  Hey Haley Haley Ray I was going to call her Harper Lee Harper Harper Harper Ray who is like into like a blues and rock like that.
 It's almost like saying like Harper Ray is not of this world or of this musical like that's not.
  I mean that music is slowly dying out in popularity like it will always be around but like it's not the hot music so it wouldn't.
 I think when hard rock first started in the 80s it was like everything was the cool hard rock but now it's different.
  Yeah, yeah.
 And like so they had a leg in like 90s like you were like Stone Temple Pilots yeah grunge stuff and you've honored the club of classic masters because they led to this, but now what did 90s grunge lead to they lead to nothing it's gone.
  I would think that people feel less connected to Jimi Hendrix now than you know than than Mo you know I think he's I think he's you know I think he's just like losing popularity I were at least my mind I grew up like the cool yeah the doors Jimi Hendrix yeah they don't think kids are like going back to Jimi Hendrix.
  So what do you see on any show on the VMAs or the Tonight Show or anything that is well this guy's clearly Hendrix inspired right yeah yeah so there's more of the like current you know current R&B hip hop is more is influenced by older R&B hip hop but like there's no the rock lineage in terms of popular  scale seems like done yeah for sure I so so yeah this is this is a comfortable shirt for baby boomer dads and moms to wear but in addition I think it's such a generic brand and a generic logo that anyone can wear it and it's literally just like wearing a Hanes a blank Hanes shirt or something  that just says like music a shirt right music on it it's a place yeah you're less good like you're not comfortable wearing the band that you actually like you're like I need to just get something that represents music that I like yeah it would be like us like wearing your shirt just  said like funny comedy that would be like oh you like funny comedy like cool yeah yeah it's always like well like like funny or die almost started to feel I started feeling like what is this brand like because there's not a clear besides that will Ferrell's part of it  like anybody every like all the comedians all did funny or die videos and then what right what is it that's theirs besides sometimes will ferrell's like the thing of funny or die was so great at and and still great at is like finding humor and like the Kia or you know  ziplock bags and things like that you know and then the simple oil company I oil Gail yeah five Miller light spots I did in two days for the price of a half spot the Reds Apple ale you know that kind of stuff really you know the lighter side of all of that sure  Humor to be found in every classic Remington rifle  Boy well, did we keep marching on that we  We can we rock on well if we rocked next to it.
 How about we rock past?  What's what I want to just say one thing to what that we may lead right into our if we go to Margaritaville  I think there's a similar idea here, right?  We're Margaritaville I would argue is the best merch of the three Bubba Gump hard rock in this because Margaritaville  Represents I'm a Jimmy Buffett fan.
 This is like an out on offshoot of that, but I could at least buy  That your but your it's like another level of merch for someone you like  Like you know saying it's it's it's it has a built-in audience more than the other two.
 Yeah  Very specific also kind of co-opted island breezy lifestyle like somehow  I think there's probably people who like the restaurant and who are not necessarily even a too much about  Jimmy Buffett the guy and it's right really you think that that's a two  Two different sex of people people who like Margaritaville and people who like Jimmy Buffett.
 I think there might be there's a there's  There's people on the outliers  But like there has to be a crossover at least of people like I like the margarita mostly it's across  But I think that's the way he's made it bigger than right.
 Yes the brand  Yeah, you're right the brand itself now is so just insanely large like insanely huge and pervasive the restaurant  I feel like he that's how he became elevated  Yeah, but don't use these songs, but it as I get older and they understand  Things more feel like people feel really like they're cutting loose and they have like margarita, right?  And yeah, like somebody by calling your place a margarita like margarita bill sure the song obviously and but yeah  I feel like it's like let's go there.
 We're gonna have Margaret like it's like you you well  Like it's almost like now we're gonna cut like it's like it's a it's a perfect thing.
 It's not like they're like Jimmy Buffett food  It's like it's basically calling people in to get shit face like you're saying like let's have margarita  It's like I think people like always want margaritas.
 I don't know that like yeah, it's not a rate  It's not even like a beer is like a kind of a just thrown.
 Yeah a margarita  Suggests that you're somewhere that's like exotic or it's a little sugar  Having fun drinks before sipping and you're taking your time with it.
 It's right  In a place that names itself margarita, yeah, we're gonna probably have the best margarita  It's like that's the other thing too.
 It's like I can go to a bar get a margarita, but this place is I mean  It's it's on the wall.
 It's it's there.
 We know they're gonna make the best you sure  Did it deliver as promised?  Did you think well, this is my first time in a margarita Ville?  So this is you know, I was taking it all in and I was I have a couple questions.
 Yeah  I get to the margarita.
 I just want to like work up to it for one second.
 Yeah, of course.
 So  It's interesting.
 There's a lot of TVs there a lot of TVs that you would see like a sports center, but uh, it's all Jimmy Buffett  Mostly like once there's a Bieber song.
 Oh, okay real mismatchy  Modern music makes no sense.
 They're all read or Jimmy Buffett on the TV  There's no Bieber videos in that TV right what was playing while the Bieber song was on but some I think once every six songs  It'll be maybe to be different pretty buffett heavy rotation tonight.
 Yeah, it was just for the best there  Jason is falling asleep.
 I all right.
 Yeah, no, I'm good too much margarita  Oh, yeah, well the the idea that like  the the videos I was really in impressed by because  They look very much like heavy metal rock and roll parking lot videos  It's like there was one video where the average was having fun  It looks like all like back behind the scenes footage  But one video of like one of the fans like in a leg like a boot like they broke their leg or their foot  And it's just like they're just like dancing and like the cameras pans down to like a boot like you know  A corrective boot because they broke their leg.
 It's like oh alright  This is like it's it's just kind of showing all sides of the Jimmy Buffett's man  Yeah, this so there is a there is a documentary  I believe still on Netflix and I forget the name of it, but it's about parrot heads and it's produced parrot head  Is that what it's called?  It's on you've seen is why it's on a  Gulf what's the Gulf and Western?  Yeah, Jerry Jerry Diaz all these different trop.
 What do they call them chop rocks?  Do they call them chop rock guys, maybe and they're all  They're all like most of them are Buffett imitators essentially and they have I should look up some Jerry Diaz music  But the whole thing is a propaganda piece for parrot heads like they're trying my  Interpretation of it, and it's not a bad.
 It's interesting some of the stories or whatever  But my interpretation of it is they're trying to tell you that parrot heads are not just a bunch of drunken asshole baby boomers  You know we have a lot of diversity here.
 There's a lot of inclusion  And then there's a lot of like what good things for the community the parrot heads do when they put on their different concerts  So I do wonder if maybe it's like and then yeah take a picture of a guy with a cast  We don't care if you got a cast  Yeah, well, there's a good they saw Jimmy Buffett also wearing a shirt that said Hank what's the relevance of that? Oh that was um  What song came on? It was like an honky-tonk song came on.
 I don't know.
 That was like a Hank Williams shirt  Oh, hey good looking right? Yeah, right  Yeah, there was like six of them.
 Is that an original Jimmy Buffett song? No  No, that's a that's a  Yeah, so Jerry so just real quick so there's all these different Buffett imitators, so I highly recommend watching this  Mostly on his record label  Oh yeah, some of them are  But this I don't know that this gentleman is his name is Jerry Diaz and his his band is called Hannah's Reef  And here are just some songs that he wrote in this vein of Jimmy Buffett beer in the cooler on a beach in Mexico down in the  Cooler on a beach in Mexico down to the islands and welcome to Senorita Ville  Amazing  Just all people this is like if Harry Potter fan fiction was as popular or like  Well, it's popular as Harry Potter  It's interesting because  It's like I was watching him on stage and I had no no offense to Jimmy Buffett at all actually I but I was surprised that like  He is dressed like if you were to take it if you were to grab a random sampling of dads like like, you know  Mid 40s to 60s, right?  Just a random family across the country  I think that Jimmy Buffett would blend in if you have if you had no faces  But just like what they were wearing like he's one time like almost like wearing cargo shorts and like a little Hawaiian shirt  Like he one thing was tucked in and he's not like it's interesting.
 He looks like one of them  He does so here's I look I'm here just to start out.
 I talked a lot about this on that doughboys episode  I got very fascinated with this whole thing because it's and I follow all the social media of Jimmy Buffett  It started honestly it started when I we I could play the song.
 I'll play the song a second  And I'm sort of fascinated with what you're saying because I think at this point his whole life is a calculation  to maintain the appearance of  This man who surfs like every day right wears the clothes you're talking about chances are though.
 He sells the clothes  He's wearing as well.
 He's like Tommy Bahama, but another yeah.
 Yeah exactly  So like I think that like his instagram they just there's one day of one day a month  They go over to a beach.
 They have 12 different sets of clothes  They change them in and out of clothes and he's like going surfing again  Hey fans up and then like it's a different shirt  They get him in and out and it's like they post these periodically through the week  And then this is a very I have then they ran a restaurant and he's like crab legs  Go best gumbo in town  I'm they just get a lot of a lot of pictures of them doing stuff just to make you think  That this man is just always in a hammock or in the water or or eating crab legs or eating gumbo somewhere and like  He runs an empire.
 He's busy never alone meetings.
 They're always documenting him.
 He is busy in meetings  So like yeah when you're saying he's dressed like kevin the heart of  Trap rock.
 Yeah  Every second is a chance to be perpetuating the brand he lives and dies by that 12 inch ipad pro  That he is often photographed with yes, like he's always like working on it, right?  They show you behind the curtain of like look oh here's he's in the office  He is always on this ipad  So they will show you once in a while him in like a meeting  But he is there's so many videos and posts I will say this paul if you want to see him  Yeah a lot follow movie producer frank marshall  Oh, yeah, because frank marshall who's married to kathleen kennedy course is his like best friend  Okay, and I follow frank marshall and he is with jimmy buffett by the way  It says it right here when I typed in frank marshall's name followed by you  Right there at the top one like wow  With buffett  Like so much more than his wife honestly, that's calculated too.
 I don't know no frank.
 I don't think it's  Calculate brand just calibrated.
 That's just if you want to see pictures of jimmy buffett  I don't think frank has a handler frank just like loves jimmy and hangs out with them to see pictures of him  That's the way I want to see this  All the time.
 So how many followers do you think jimmy buffett has on social media versus how many margaritaville?  Is that where you're going?  just because i'm thinking of him as what we just talked about like this guy was like  You know all right, so on instagram, how many followers do you think he has probably low?  That lower than I think yeah 150 000.
 Okay.
 Anybody else?  Hmm do you get lower or higher? I don't know.
 I don't know.
 That's at 200.
 I'll go higher.
 All right, uh  300 000, okay 171  Because because part of me is like oh, you know what I bet you it's because  He's not probably doing that much on social media ultimately because his fan base is probably  Not on instagram.
 Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
 Yeah younger  User base, I believe.
 Yeah, but he it was  Isn't his entire rise and fandom  social media before  Social media it was like truly the definition of viral right just person to person spreading the gospel  So does he really need to be pushing it? But he might also be splitting his fan base because he's got  His account he's got the margaritaville restaurant account the margaritaville  Clothing account, right? Aren't these? Yeah, they're all yeah margaritaville itself has less than he does.
 It's got like 100 000  buffet too  Wasn't even big till the 90s  Yeah, he didn't charge the 90s for parrot head was coined in the 90s  Uh, and that's when the whole thing exploded into like yeah  Became a big touring.
 Yeah when assholes were then this is this is record  Shitting in the parking lot and not cleaning it up, which is like a couple years ago.
 What was the city?  It was on the east coast somewhere where there's like the police were like, please if you make make sure do not use  Make sure toilets in our parking lot and then leave them there  It sounds like a philadelphia thing  If it was so he didn't chart until alan jackson had him on five o'clock somewhere.
 Wow  Yeah, by the way five o'clock somewhere.
 It was a great um, uh piece in margaritaville a big giant clock that is stuck perennially  Yeah, five o'clock and it kind of looks like it's moving.
 Yeah, but it's yeah  Yeah, also the clock's like a lime too.
 Yeah, we should mention that we did sit in the giant boat man  Yeah, because we were occupied with what we had a place to ourselves that was great  Parties, i've really dreamed of being in the big boat.
 Yeah, they give you a lot all those restaurants  I mean there's like  It's it's disappointing to be at a boring table because there are so many great other options  A lot of those tiki booths and stuff like that.
 Yeah, I was a little worse to be the merch store  It's not a merch store.
 I mean to be in that like what am I in? I mean that is such an anomaly  Yeah, i've never seen this before in any other margaritaville  they open when they open there was a little store not a huge store about the size of the bubblegum store and  You really didn't see a lot of people in there  So they yanked the store out and filled in more tables because I guess they figure they make more  But uh, but oddly kept the sign up which seems so easy to take.
 Oh, yeah  Very easy one of the words you have to take the whole thing.
 Yeah exactly sure  Yeah, there's a dude.
 There's a good gift shop in margarita in orlando margaritaville.
 Oh, it's huge  When you talk about this is like the real mecca.
 I mean  Well, look i've said it many times this this is the margaritaville that has jimmy's real plane real life plane  The hemisphere dancer the one that was shot at by the jamaican government.
 Okay.
 He was not on board  I believe bana was on board at the time and that's why he wrote the song jamaica mistake  Right and I believe you might have told me this because that sounds familiar to me  And there's no one else probably you're told that the musicality of you saying this.
 I feel like you've heard it  seven or eight of nine  Maybe you've listened to it if not been told it directly  But I and and I now fear i'm repeating myself  But to say that i'm also a fan of jimmy buffett's appearances on hawaii 5-0  Oh, yeah plays a pilot a good friend of the main character.
 Yeah, frank frank bam  Yeah, and they and they and they uh, and they go to north korea in an episode  He flies them into north korea.
 Yeah  Yeah  I was sorry about somebody who was on  Uh, hawaii 5-0 and messed up a line and then one of the regular he was just on that episode and then one of the regulars  Said hey man, forget about it.
 It's okay.
 It's a white 50  That's a little of a shit thing  It's really good.
 I think things are a little more chill when you film in hawaii  Yes, yeah, yeah with real money  um the uh  Uh, we wouldn't we didn't really partake in the food.
 You had the uh, I had the i've had  Probably nine or ten things on the menu in my lifetime.
 Okay  The i have a burger in paradise.
 I've had the cheeseburger paradise solid chain restaurant cheeseburger  Yeah, uh, i've had you know, like the turkey version of it fine.
 It's fine.
 I had the ahi  Tuna or what was it poke poke?  Okay, yeah, and those were good very salty but pretty good for you know chain restaurant  And they have regional stuff at some of these margaret because the florida one is like fresh conch fritters.
 Oh, okay, but that is  The most serious  I they're delicious.
 I've had them a number of times before what are you talking about conch?  What's a good conch? I only know that it's a shell.
 Yeah, it's a good conch is what's inside the shell.
 It's used  Yeah, oh, interesting.
 Oh  Yeah, it's like I would imagine like a clam consistency very similar to a clam  Very similar to a clam for the conch shell mentors.
 The conch  You get down there or conch stew I forget what it is.
 Um, I felt like this place  Uh  Definitely keeps the spirit alive.
 I mean, it's a big one.
 It's definitely a big one  They have a whole outdoor dining area with a fire pit and nice like uh, like lounge chairs  Oh, yeah in shaped fire  Oh, we see that you see it from above and the big but the big issue  I think with the with this margaret of a location is it replaced what used to be was an arcade right that place jillian's  Yeah, one of a ripoff david buster.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, and that was two stories  But which made me think this will be a sprawling that's what we were all fantasizing about that.
 It would be something  There's this big stairwell by the fire pit that leads up to nothing you get to a locked door  and that's a big bummer if it was a massive two story because we talked why I would have in last episode about uh,  Bucatubepo yeah about that bucatebepo  sprawling many little rooms and pockets and almost like uh, it was like a restaurant that  We got so popular.
 We just had to keep on expanding.
 But like yeah, yeah, they don't like they didn't know one out of their apartment  Yeah, there's and broken there.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, but this one.
 Yeah, it's and it feels a little claustrophobic  Yeah, that's the problem as opposed to the vegas  Location very high ceiling in vegas.
 Yeah.
 Yeah low ceiling in orlando  But like kind of the shack kind of porch thing is very charming and inside is  Inside it's got a high ceiling.
 But yeah, I like the low ceilings because I could look at the artwork on the ceiling where it's one  was a  uh a cloud in the shape of a salt shaker  Sure, that was one of those is is weed like a part of the jimmy buffett culture.
 Yes  It is more drinking.
 He's he's very much on record  Supporting legalized weed stuff.
 Okay on his youtube channel  Yeah, there was a video of him in like florida where he's like I want to support prop 91 like legalize bear one in florida  Like so he is sort of behind that and got it.
 Okay his audience is a bunch of drunken high fools  So right sure, I think that has to be a big thing.
 Obviously they don't sell weed yet  Legally in these places, but I have to imagine that's coming soon.
 Maybe yeah  I feel like it's in a again a very baby boomer way where it's like they're mostly drinking boat drinks  But a little weed when the kids go to bed  We all take a toke  Secret dad weed is very charming.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah  That's that's one of my old mild.
 I feel like they should start making like cbd infused cocktails.
 So like yeah  It's also like it's not gonna get me high.
 Right me that at margaritaville.
 Yeah, it should maybe like have like a cd  However, I don't think citywalk is open to that kind of thing as we talked about voodoo  Don't know.
 Yeah is like a in portland is very  It's like this is clearly like acknowledging weed culture and this one looks like a dick and  Where this is a gay rights themed donut.
 Yeah, no none of that made it to la.
 Oh, so I which  Why why does citywalk think we're I guess it's a family.
 There's so  conservative serve so many  Demographics it ended up sterilizing.
 Um, but a ramp but you know what?  Halloween horror nights when things get a little more adults  Maybe maybe though maybe the citywalk locations need to get into the spirit too.
 Well, I also feel like you are  entering at your own risk at Halloween horror nights because it's like  They put a warning.
 It's like now you come in here  It this is an adult night.
 It's an adult night  You know, like I feel like citywalk can never do like this is like citywalk is almost like independent of Halloween horror nights  Yeah, you know, it'd be no way to go warning  You if you come in this voodoo don't know it still be a donut that has two men kissing drawn on it  Yeah, like you can't do that thing that I was on so disturbing is like during Halloween horror nights  They do those like crazier shows like it was like the Shrek fucks the donkey and the 3d show.
 It's a really vulgar  vulgar  It's like kind of replacing that Bill and Ted kind of uh, but no liquor in the part like no one's getting fucked up in the  Part Hollywood no Hollywood no Orlando all bets are off in a way.
 They do some liquor though, right? Don't they have beer in uh, universal day  I probably had  I think I was maybe beer.
 I was just there like two weeks ago and I remember seeing like cold Heineken's in  um  A bin.
 Yeah, you can buy it in the day.
 Do they stop selling alcohol for horror?  Might stop at our nights because it's such a young populace because I never heard local populace  I've been there every year for about five or six years and gotten private guides and stuff for it  Like that's I bring in a big enough group that we get our own guide and don't do all in her.
 Yeah  It's the best.
 Wow.
 You have to like pack it in and you gotta like do it now.
 You gotta like what's  What's the highlight? The highlight is you get a good oral tour of Halloween horror nights, but then you also  Uh, they know how to I've never moved around that park in a more efficient  Uh away.
 It's like boom boom boom boom like you just like they start in a very weird way and they and they  They just wrap you in and out like it's  I always find that park to be a little bit of a nightmare to or move around especially with that big  You know, especially when horror nights kind of goes into like the uh  Like streets, right?  Your streets.
 Yeah  so they they they  Are very adept at going this is how we do the whole thing and you leave and they kind of like  Edge you out of like don't do that one.
 It's not that good and this is  Our waitress tonight was very helpful in that respect margaritaville was very good about like yeah  That one's a little sweet.
 That one's a little like there was one or two drinkers.
 She's like don't  Yeah, don't do it.
 Don't do it.
 So then she was her.
 Yeah pretty pretty  Uh  Give it giving with information but not like really dragging anything  She's like well if you like if you're that's what you're looking for try this  Like I asked her should I get a key lime pie or strawberry shot cake or shortcake and she was like  Look strawberry shortcake is good  But they put the ice cream on top of the bread and the bread gets hard and a little cold  Just so you know, wow very good honest response.
 Yeah the problems of the which by the I did keelin  But we both again and that was good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I hadn't done dessert there.
 I like to uh, and sorry is uh, uh, they sell  alcohol at mows  Uh, just in mows, but you can't bring any alcohol into the mazes or anything  Okay, and like it seems like just at mows here.
 Okay.
 Um  So the margaritas we all had margarita.
 Yes a version of margarita  Yeah, I followed mike's lead and got what is it called the feeling hot hot hot margarita, right? Okay spicy  The margarita.
 It was spicy.
 Yeah, I was surprised at how much spice it had.
 I like the spicy drink  Yeah, I was surprised.
 I felt like a chain restaurant wouldn't go that spicy  It was actually a little spicier than I remember having it when I had it  Uh a week and a half ago.
 Okay, just on a leisure trip.
 I love it  So you go there not for just for journalism purposes.
 My friend works right over there.
 I said let's go to margarita.
 I said yes, please  um, so  Good or bad then? Oh, uh  perfectly fine not  Uh, not too sweet.
 Yeah, uh, not too much  And I feel like the liquor content was a little bit high or i'm becoming more of a lightweight because I did feel like I was  Like oh, yeah, yeah, I was at an empty stomach.
 We had just done an exciting thing too  But I I as soon as I had like three sips I was like, oh here we go.
 We're in margaritaville now  Yeah, I did like three fourths of that drink and I felt like that was a the right amount for me to do and then still  Drive, which that's good at that point if you you want to feel like because the drinks are a little expensive  You want to feel like the one is gonna kind of yeah, like get you take you home.
 Yeah  Uh fan of the shark fin, I think what I think that was a rum, uh tequila  Mambo and and uh, yeah, not too sweet rum could be a dangerous area  Oh, I had the one particular harbor, which was all rum and fruit juices  Are you reading the ingredients?  Hmm.
 Are you reading the ingredients? Are you all right? I was just summarizing  Yeah, I I will say that I found  I guess what my expectation of bargaritaville was was that we were gonna get  Almost an aggressive cheesecake factory like menu of drinks.
 I was gonna see like  What do you got here? Because this is a place where you like the goal is let's have fun, right?  Our drinks should be fun little cheeky-esque  Um, but no it was it was a fine fine menu of drink is a lot of drinks  A lot of drinks, but I I would argue that baba gump has a more interesting selection of alcoholic beverages crazier, too  Yeah, the atmosphere in there is crazier and the menu itself  Uh as like I ordered I mean, it's so crazy  I ordered a drink I thought was alcoholic and I didn't realize until I had the whole thing that it wasn't  Well, yeah, I mean look, I mean I think I think uh  Uh, baba gump was the first time ever had one of those mini carnita bottles like yeah in like shoved in the drink  Yeah, it was good.
 Amazing.
 It was great.
 Yeah  Um because it kind of like it actually lessened the taste it was like I think it was a margarita  with a corona stuck into the corona is kind of like  Uh like sucking out the sweet so you kind of have this like beer orita.
 It is i've had that before it is very good  Yeah, my city walk places  Is have a have a bottle and another bottle shoved in yeah, bless him my uh, uh, buddy richie  Uh, I I took I was like, hey, you know, let's go  Let's go to drink a margarita, but that'll be a fun  He seemed like a guy be into that and he was like  Uh pretty hard edged after and said, you know, I you know gotta be honest  I don't think this place is happening.
 I think it's too far  It's at the end of the right at the end of the whole thing as opposed to i'm thinking of baba gumps  As you say it's in the middle.
 It's in the hub of all the action margaritaville's  It is like literally you can't see it behind the hard rock  You might miss it and I don't think la is really  adopting jimmy buffett  Yeah culture could be wrong, but I think that two story thing is I I don't think I don't think uh  margaritaville's on the verge of a collapse or anything, but I don't know how if it makes I don't know  It's gonna be a gigantic.
 I feel like they should have stuck out with jillian's because  Because that well, I guess maybe it's hard because I would like a david busters closer  I mean, there's a david busters nearby in hollywood, but  It's that impenetrable.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's hard to get to and now it's close  Hollywood in highland.
 You're good.
 Yeah  I mean first of all what you guys are saying is heartbreaking and the idea that maybe this isn't the right spot for it  Or though like I think hollywood and highland would be a much better spot for margarita.
 Yeah, I think  Well, they have the cabo wabo  Yeah, tina's there.
 I think honestly a better place for it is third street promenade  That's right by the water.
 Yeah  The fear itself each yes  They were like bubble gump is there too.
 Yes now they should make it  There's i've been to the margaritaville at navy pier in chicago, right and it sucks  It is small and cramped and bad and it's too far from the water and it's like dirty  It's like it's so disappointing.
 So like if they did a full-on  Orlando style one on the pier.
 Oh  We'd be there all day.
 We we would never leave  I've been to the uh, atlantic city one which I would put on par with like the vegas one  Like it has a nice tall ceiling  It's built into the resorts casino right on the boardwalk and on the other side of the boardwalk on the beach  There's a land shark lager bar and grill  Um, sure it's got two and then there's the margaritaville casino area of resorts  Wow  so and I think the thing that that has a going because it's a casino and it's like always open or I think maybe they  close for a couple hours in jersey, but like  I remember going there around christmas one year and eating there and the place was packed  You see yeah, and that's a city walk.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, and so like casinos the vegas one's usually crowded  but uh city walk even like  you know  The end of summer ending summer, but like tuesday night.
 It's empty.
 Well, here's what I'm gonna say  it  Reads as an adult place if i'm a family which I would argue the majority of people in city walk are  If i'm a family and i'm going where are we gonna go to eat?  I think margaritaville doesn't feel like a family establishment buco di peppo feels like a family establishment far  Bump a gum feels like a fart, you know, like feel like johnny rockets  Uh old classic even saddle ranch which you know  I think like runs that gamut because it's like there's a little bit of an edge to it, especially when hollywood  But that one it was a little tamer.
 Yeah  You know it they're I just don't feel like it calls to families  I feel like you know it calls to the the parents even though you sit in there perfectly family oriented  But you might not know that yeah, sometimes there's stilt walkers making balloon animals.
 That's fun  Yeah, but not always you should see it in full swing sometime  I would love it is shut with a band that is instead why go in and just hear the recording of  margaritaville when you can hear a band playing  exact same way  Jason and I this is a video that never came out that I do have a copy of that  Maybe I will put online someday jason  I were we went to the opening of the margaritaville to cover it and saw jimmy buffett play on the stage  Wow, yeah 30 minutes there.
 So  We got to see the ultimate concert.
 I mean, that's amazing.
 Yeah  Yeah, and we also like that same that was last year  We went up there.
 I think all three of us on the day.
 It's soft opened  That's true  We got word that it opened then we went to the press event.
 Yes, that's true  Wow, we also went back for your birthday like a month or two later  People like oh hey, yeah.
 Yeah, so people started to we started to recognize  Waiters and still walkers staff has turned over those since because I haven't seen a lot of those folks  Yeah, let me ask one question.
 I don't mean to upset anybody here.
 Okay, go ahead the difference between kaba wabo and  and margaritaville is  Uh, I would say it's a little more of a specific what the lifestyle is at margaritaville  I see like what the vibe is what the kaba wabo is a similar vibe  But it's just feels a little more generic to me, but it's it's trying to do what margaritaville does  But I'm kind of pulling some hard rock energy  Yes, yeah, I'm letting the difference.
 Yeah, you're right.
 You're right.
 Also the menu is primarily  I'm sure there's burgers and steaks and stuff, but it's primarily tacos burritos  enchiladas nachos that sort of guy so it's a more mexican  Femme, yeah, right.
 Um, all right, so that's an interesting  I mean into when you look at the rock stars behind  Sammy hagar jimmy buffett hagar a little more aggressive a little more wild  I think I think kaba wabo is a more unpleasant  Brand, okay, so that to me, I don't know how other people I think that's right  And we've sat though with that cool that the big table at kaba wabo cantina and hollywood and highland more than once  And we sat there before a jimmy buffett concert before a jimmy buffett, which I went I went with mike to the bowl  To see just like two or three years ago already, which was  It was fun interesting  But why you went with us to wire's air as well  I was there and the it like I just by he played all the hits by half hour  And he like oddly stacked at the top and then I I was just like I am thirsty for a fourth chord  Give me one more just give me a minor.
 Give me a sharp  Anyway, it was gda city  For two and a half hours and then I  His guitarist do a song like two songs and he's like goes as a glass of wine off stage.
 Mm-hmm.
 Wow, it's so fantastic  Uh his show his live show.
 You got to listen to live recordings.
 He's barely singing.
 He's like, yeah  Like yelling this this is the noise that comes out of his mouth when he's singing now  uh  It's I can't wait till he comes back  We've been talking about it jason and I were just talking about it on the way over  I will not be joining just god is gonna be a real stick in the mud.
 It does not want to go.
 I just  Be curious to see what it would be like I just want to see what kind of  Uh, can like what kind of dancers he picks because in the videos we've seen there there's a real  mix between different shows  Um, we we we were going too long on margaret.
 I could do another two hours.
 So now we go to the main event  Well, no, I I'm so  There are two things that I must do all I was saying is that we're only going to do 10 more minutes of  Uh, I'll do you hold to it.
 I'll do one more.
 I was gonna play a little math sucks  Which is the song that math sucks on your own time.
 Yeah, look up the song math sucks  uk s  That's when I fell in love with jimmy buffett, uh, and it's from his album beach house on the moon  All right.
 Anyway, so a couple years ago, uh, I signed up for a mailing list because margarita ville  Is gonna have like a resort in orlando called margarita village and people will be able to live there  They'll be able to buy homes  There's going to be some sort of kind of water parky part of it and I think you'll be able to rent stuff for vacations  Are available for tours at the moment, but uh, they're still doing it all in phases.
 So the water park is not ready  So this is 2016.
 So I signed up for this mailing list just to you know, be in the know  So they would like send you stuff about like hey  Do you want to put 100 grand down on a house and I'd be like, oh no  Thanks or whatever like you get emails like that.
 So then I get an email from a guy and he says hey  Hey mike, it's time for us to begin submitting names for the streets of margaritaville resort orlando  I would love to have your creative help in naming our streets for the resort  Feel free to use song lyrics sea sun and ocean themes or anything that screams margaritaville lifestyle below are some street suffixes  To help complete the names.
 I really appreciate your participation and input as we create a truly unique destination in orlando  Finn's up david  So then of course he's like alley bay boulevardie suggesting things  So this is again pre podcast  I'm texting with scott.
 I'm texting with jason and anthony  Geo, yeah, we should have back on we should have  We sent them a hundred  Names for a street.
 We we we spent a day going back and forth on text really workshop  I like mine in mine individually.
 I tried to like  Yeah, really like like now that one's weak.
 That's gotta go or that one's that one's too soft  Uh, uh, yeah, I really hyper analyze.
 What how do we think we should I read a hundred should we read some?  midnight  It's a night a.
m.
 For the audience  So i'll read just uh, you know, i'll read uh  Uh picking at record it later put it at the end of the episode.
 I'm just gonna read 10 at random.
 Okay, uh  uh sunny side street  pelicans beak bay  lazy river road  working and playing way  colada cove  sand dollar drive  drunk drive  buccaneer boulevard  Skip and work circle  I'm gonna go a couple more.
 These are scott's damp ramp  rumble ridge  Uh margarita strida  Uh nautical mile shopping plaza  What was the one?  There was one you had this car it's just shorts street that was my favorite of yours  Why I was also proud of drinking drive.
 Oh, yeah, because I think I had drunk drive and you had drink and drive  And we submitted them both  When it's a hundred and jason's I think this is yours if there was a four or six way intersection port of indecision  And then I explained  I have a qualifier here because I said marshall park after jimmy's friend movie producer frank marshall  So we'll post all of these on twitter.
 Yeah, uh, we submitted all of these and then I got a response awesome list  Mike really appreciate your creativity and time put this put this list together.
 I will keep you posted on the results  Uh, so that was two and a half years ago years ago every once in a while.
 You get a construction update, right? But  So it's not open yet.
 No march 27 2018.
 Hey there david.
 Just wondering if the final street names were ever finalized  Thanks, no response.
 Come on david.
 So how do we put pressure?  on  The margarita village resort  How can we utilize our?  You're competing ardent fan base  uh  Hundreds strong to get them to make sure that we really love all streets is one of our names  And it could be any of them whatever we give them such a range such a great.
 Yeah  I mean, don't you feel that maybe?  it's it's just throwing like a little like uh chum  Um to like, you know their fans like go name our streets, but they have no intention of using those  Yeah, and then everyone just assumes like oh, maybe that was somebody else's cool name or whatever  Yeah, but they don't want yeah  I think we got to look up this guy on linkedin to start  Make sure he's still with the company and not with another company or in jail for financial fraud or something  There was a there was an email in between this exchange where he said mike  We submitted over 50 names, but he doesn't say our names 50 names to the county for approval  Once we finalize our site plan, we will assign street names  Probably later this summer.
 That's 2016.
 So we have a great holiday weekend  It's if it's a government issue, right people to storm this.
 Let's look up whatever county it's in  That's what we're saying.
 I mean, I feel like your audience can help  Get this together there had but but how specifically there's got to be a way  Maybe it's a dual approach of hitting the margarita village  uh  Homeowners board or whatever  um in the and the  And something in the city of orlando  But i'm worried tweeting isn't going to do I think someone has to introduce a referendum to make sure here's what we've talked about people  Oh, yeah, that's good, too  I was going to say somebody with a backpack has to hop some fences  And see if they can get a peek at them one of these urban explorer  Types that one that's look.
 I don't want anyone trespassing but I have already seen  footage of how this  Uh construction is progressing via  drone  Somebody needs to get a drone going over the in progress margarita village  And zoom into any signs that you see and get the footage back to us  So if you're an orlando drone owner, first of all great to meet you  And happy you're listening to the podcast.
 We may have a lot of other jobs for you, but thing number one  Get that drone going over margarita village  Do you think that the idea of the village has not been built and the street names have been picked?  Really are indicative of the fan and the culture of the parrot head like we'll get to it man, but first  We don't have to do construction every morning like yeah  Like this is like, you know, like they put it like you just do a drone video like footage and it's like  Like one house like kind of halfway done like like we're on island time  Hard to work with disney world down the road  so fun  We wanted to put a barbecue grill in the center of the house, so, you know, like just weird like  choices  Um, this foundation is crooked.
 No, it's not  What's fine to me?  now  Are we moving out of margarita village?  I would say it's hard for me to be ripped away from it.
 But yes, we should probably move on  pretzels as the next which you know, I I did not partake in a wet souls today.
 Yeah  But i've partaken in wet souls before sure  But my concern about wet souls at universal  Is that it's not going to be up to the high standards of my wet souls thing because they have to turn over too many pretzels  Yeah, I had a pretzel today.
 I we split a pretzel.
 I had a pretzel right before we did iFly  And I gotta tell you that first pretzel I thought was good.
 Yeah, like a mall level pretzel  It was warm.
 It had the salt on it.
 It was very good.
 Now we had a second.
 I did not like it  You didn't really know that's like a standard wet soul pretzel  Yeah, I just don't like the wet soul because I had it even like and it's because I was hungry because I didn't dinner  But I was like I could really go for some more pretzel.
 Like I was even like craving more pretzel once it was over  So that's always the worst because you go back for seconds and it's never as good  There was no way I mean it was because I was hungry.
 Yeah, like it was an amazing pretzel  What I what I appreciate and I think that the people who are listening to this obviously you're committed too because you're 12 or 14 episodes in here  You uh, you didn't just go over to voodoo donuts, which is only a mere feet away  You stayed in yeah, we actually stay in the sector.
 Yeah, you didn't yeah  You could have easily just broken for the second one.
 You already had your pretzel  You could just go over to voodoo and be like this is you know  Yeah, you know no  sector breaking anywhere  Oh really never straight  No, no  And even we had a piece of pretzel and we were in the hard rock gift shop and all of a sudden jason walks in  And he's got a big cup of like wet souls like pepperoni.
 Yeah  Yeah, yeah, he's rubbing his eyes  And like I will say I had one of those and those were not good  I fucked up.
 I was concerned about doing the skydiving on an empty stomach like  No, no, no, you have to do stuff like that on an empty stomach.
 I I was giving starting to fade  And I was like, well i'm gonna get a bottle of water and I was in there anyway this morning  Like eight or nine  Okay, i'm rocking a 6 a.
m  Yeah, I did 7 a.
m.
 And you're still here.
 Yeah  I do it.
 It's it's his loyalty to content.
 Yeah, I have to I have to place your loyalty to content  Every hour you're sleeping.
 No content  Yeah, they were um  They they were uh, that was I thought a good option.
 I thought it'd be interesting a good option  uh the pizza pretzel bites it said pizza, but it was really just like  Pepperoni baked into little bits of pretzel and it was  It was didn't look good to me  No looking at that cup that no, I don't like pretzels in the cup.
 I honestly after the the boat drink  And the skydive i'm starting to feel at all.
 You're jacked up.
 I can tell something is going on with you  I've keep mentioning it during the show.
 You're rubbing your eyes.
 You're yawning a lot.
 It's I am worried  We're gonna look over and you'll be as asleep as edwin is right now on the on the couch  Edwin nipped it me a little earlier.
 I think you went out he sometimes if you're if you're not me or lindsey  And you rub his little belly or his haunches.
 He doesn't like it on that.
 But yeah, my ride i'm screwed.
 Oh, you're no you're fine  You're gonna have to drive  You're gonna have to drop him off.
 You're gonna he's gonna have to know  So I can get under the cubs, you know get those covers  All right  Yeah, so  Let's also stick to the stick to the bottles of water and the regular pretzel was a was a b those  Pepperonis were a d minus you need some culpability and you really thought there was a world where a cup of pepperoni  Had those before i've had the full-size ones before and it's been fine full.
 What do you mean full-size?  Just a regular pretzel, but like little pepperoni baked onto the top  Really about this pretzel pepperoni  That's crazy.
 The thing also they were out of the hot dog pretzel  He's awake.
 Yeah  Masterpiece this is most awake.
 He's been all night.
 Have you noticed this? Yeah, I know  Pepperoni it looked like the thing you bought looked like a cup of discarded pizza crusts and somebody like smack  Like as we didn't eat.
 Yeah  Like you're cleaning out your car  We had a lot of  You know variables the the I we weren't sure if we were gonna hit the cutoff for the skydiving  So we didn't realize how much training?  Was here's what we've been talking and talking talking.
 We never said hey  We this is the one where we went indoor skydiving.
 It's the most exciting  Actual it's the only in all 19 of these fucking things.
 It's the only thing it's an actual  Full-themed experience and we never let's get excited about it now.
 It's a ride  We're building up to the end because we had to we started with it  You would not want to hear about wet's those pretzels.
 We got to walk  We got to walk into this like we you know, you get your this is it  This is your tom cruise find the helicopter sequence like they like  This is the moment you're gonna walk out remembering feel like you've done the halo jump now, yes, we all did it  I'm ready to be in a movie with tom.
 I'm feeling comfortable and with stunts.
 I fly  is  This experience that has alluded me but i've seen it numerous times  It's a big giant tube with a gigantic fan underneath that simulates  skydiving  and seems  Insane when you walk by it, but it gathers a large crowd  I think we all gathered a crowd in our time there  Yeah, it's interesting to see people just floating in the air and especially the instructors who are truly impressive in putting on a show  Yeah, during the day they can go real high they do flips.
 They do all sorts of tricks  Which now we know the system that they take in like eight at a time everybody at minimum gets to  Perhaps more and then when it's all said and done and you know how difficult it was  That here now watch what I can do and the guy does legitimately incredible like literally does a show off  Section which honestly I have to say I could do without that part  I like maybe it was because we saw about four people do show off  Minutes, but it was it was fun  but i'm also like  Well, i'm trying to get i'm trying to get up in this  Yeah, it's like it's like it's like lebron james like going like now watch me play and then you like, yeah  Like yeah, it's like, oh, yeah, you're great  Like all right that too buddy if he just got out of here cranked it all the way up and didn't mind me fucking myself up  Well, I mean like you look here's the thing.
 Oh, you should walk through the whole thing  But they only give you a minute at a time.
 Yeah, which  Seems when you're in there, it seems longer than a minute.
 Oh, it seems like 10 minutes.
 Yeah, it felt so long  But it also feels like not enough to get fully  Uh used to it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah kind of as soon as you're starting to feel although, you know what happened to me.
 I think  It's a long minute and that and the in like 30 to 40 seconds  I was like, I think i'm really cruising and then the rest like  Nope gone.
 I got too cocky now i'm wobbling around then it's not working out but yeah, but then  Yeah, I found the exit kind of fun.
 I like the exit yourself out there  I felt a little cool doing that even though i'm sure it did not look cool.
 Yeah, actually there was a  When jason exited it looked like a charlie chaplin movie like when they're like if you ever seen the gold rush  Where like he opens the door there's a big wind burst and he gets knocked back the first time you did it  You went and all of a sudden you got knocked back.
 I real confidently went for it and fucked it up  Yeah, which is not to say by the way, that's not the most i'm sure my first one was the most embarrassing of all of us  I mean, I think I think we all had moments.
 I I never felt  uh  Great, but I felt or confident.
 I should never they never have confident, but I feel like  It's so easy what you have to do, but it's so hard when a giant fan is pushing at you.
 Yeah  truly insane can we talk about first of all hats off to the ifly people because  Uh, not only did they make room for us.
 Yeah, they hunted us down  Yeah, we had given up all hope  Uh, and they found us in margaritaville and they brought us back in so  Kudos to the ifly team at universal studios if you are 12 episodes deep and you're hearing this you guys  Yeah, I know I said the thing about the showboating but uh, you guys are all uh,  Classy great people who cared about you know, giving us uh the the experience of a lifetime  Yeah, check kept checking in.
 We're really monitoring everything very it none.
 It was not confusing  They did a good job of paring it down to just the basics.
 You need to know right they throw  Yeah, I find i've found laser tag tutorials to be more complicated than what they present  It's like four things.
 Yes, and they but they also presented it like well  You need to go to school before you do it and there was a moment.
 I was like, oh wow  we have to like go in here and like learn something right and uh,  It's like I was saying in there.
 It's like  there  The uh the introduction video to soren  Uh, it seemed to be more serious than yes, so maybe we watched about a lot of guys  But then you enter this crazy yeah, you watch kind of a pre  Ride video where they show you the the hand signals that you need to learn  Uh, which I guess if we list them off, it's like the you know, straighten your legs bend your legs  Uh, just yeah chin up and relax  Toughest thing to figure out how to do because I would relax and I would fuck up  Yeah  Well, yeah  Like I would relax and I tried to get my body so relaxed then my arms would drop down right  Head up is the trickiest thing because you always got to keep your head kind of elevated your arms are out  like it is an interesting body position because  It's a lot of things you have to be focused on at the same time.
 Yeah, also in the preview video  They did a smart thing which I don't I don't even think I talked about this and I there was a bachelor party  I went to where I had to drive a fast car around a track with other fast cars and the pre video  Made everyone in there terrified because it threw  50 things  All right  So what you're going to do is look at the green marker when you pass the green marker  Then you put your eye on this other marker and you you you uh pedal to the metal you put your full gas down  You try to drive and it's throwing all of this terminology at you and we left there going  Oh my god, we're never going to be able to do this.
 What I liked about this was  They don't over explain everything they throw everything at you like basically once and then it's just posted on things  And they basically kind of are like there's no way these people are going to remember exactly what we're saying until they're in there  Which is what I mean all you basically have to do is lay down  Because the air is poor, you know  You just lay down and then kind of just be as straight as you can be  Ultimately with your head up.
 I mean it weird kind of like yoga challenge.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, just being yes still and and like  Centered which is what I blame any mishaps on with you mike is like I do feel like you just didn't catch like the  The initial drifts correct and I don't feel like that was your fault you're saying that because because there is a person outside of the  I've like controlling  The speed in the wind speed of the wind  So thank you for letting me off the hook because sure it is weird because you're not quite sure what you're doing  Versus what they're doing because then there's a certain point where sometimes they'll turn it up  He'll be like, you know turn it up a little bit and then maybe that one knocked you down if you're not perfectly  Like I think my issue was I where I was told I was like leaning too much into one of one of my hips  But it was hard to kind of figure that out because you're also like on air.
 You can't like you can't it's hard to find  Like that yoga pose because there's no ground.
 Yeah, are you ever?  On your stomach.
 Yeah  Like it's the rarest when I  When I was at eye level the arms I had the hardest time going like oh, so yeah  They are saying eye level but it's a little above eye level  Yeah looking like and I would say like when I was on my back, which was an inadvertent moment for me  Uh, it was way more fun  Because because you're you're kind of scooped and you just kind of are letting it like  Lift you and you're in this like zone.
 Whereas what they're what they're making you do is kind of like lay down  lay down  Flat, I don't know  It almost seems like it would be better if you lie down on your back on the metal grate and then you were like turn it up  Yeah, like it feels like you go up a little bit and you just be like hey  This is nice like that right to me like it might be a more pleasant experience  Maybe it's harder to control your body that way tricky because like you're walking into a room where  You're gonna basically fly up right?  You know, so you have to like feel confident like that was scary to walk in and you were the first one of us to walk  In scott made me go even though he was first.
 He was the next one  He was in the wine thing.
 So we were in there with a group of children.
 Yes  Children and I was right that children were much better than us  It seems like and the mom was too  And the mom was good.
 She went up pretty high for not having like the super high thing  Uh, yeah, the kids were very good.
 There's like also here's the thing the eye for a little different size  Like tunnels in different places because I fly is all over the country  So some of them like we even saw on the video have these like shooting up like, you know  Cartier ship kind of things going on.
 I think this is a small one.
 This one  Yeah, it's a tiny one.
 It's very tiny.
 I could have sworn in that video.
 You saw somebody flying through a hole  Yeah, and then went to another thing  I have like full like full like crazy training things like that.
 So like especially for me  I was bumping into the wall.
 I'm six three  Yeah, I'm a big guy too  And I feel like I was bumping into the wall.
 There's a lot of like yeah  So like well, yeah  The kids were really doing well because clearly perfect for kids are tiny and  They're getting hit by the right amount the right, you know ratio of air or whatever  Yeah, so like they were that being that being said were just a bunch of adults trying to  Make excuses for why we were so bad, but I think also at the same time just give us a little bit more time  We only had two minutes.
 Yeah to do it and that was broken up into  Segments.
 Did you see the chart inside? There's a chart on the wall that you could go back there to to study  And it is as big as the periodic table of elements  Yeah, all the courses that you could and can take.
 Oh, oh, yes.
 I did take a yeah, it is so complex  You said when we want to be 40 of them, right?  It's the levels of Scientology.
 Yeah, they're in Roman numerals.
 It was crazy  I was like what is going on here because at this point if I'm gonna spend that much money at iFlight it was  Which is it's kind of like for all of us with our universal discount.
 It was 190 dollars.
 Yeah, right.
 So 190 bucks  Um, yeah, still that's a step down.
 Yeah, we know  And if you were to do a package where you get more than two, it's really good.
 Yeah  Yeah, that's crazy expensive flight and you can yeah, you can i'm just seeing how much that would be.
 Yeah, that's  I don't know.
 It's like if you do why don't I just jump out of a plane? I guess is what i'm saying  Yeah, especially when you there's something about seeing that chart  Maybe that's like 50 bucks a person so seeing that like knowing knowing what you paid  And then walking in and seeing oh wait, i'm level one of  200 like literally that many little mini step outs.
 Yeah, what is going on here?  Maybe you would hope that the class gives you a little bit more time  In the air, but again is that skill?  The transferable to jumping out of a plane if you are a skydiver, please let us know  Claim that skydivers train in these  I think tom did and I think probably did I mean no he definitely did in for the halo jump  Like he did a lot of work in the halo jump.
 Okay, sure  Uh, yeah, I wonder if he like did he do something where he had to restrict his oxygen because the halo jump is the is the very tall  It's very high.
 He was having a tank so he had the tank so he could do fine in that tank.
 Oh, I see  um  Erin my wife who came with us she she went skydiving years ago and she  She was passing by the sci-fi thing and saying I think it's weird because I think it's simulating like the most unpleasant.
 Yes, right of it  It's not the part where you're just like gliding and it's like the most you're gonna hit in the face with the most like caustic  Part, but I don't know.
 I also by the way to simulate skydiving indoors.
 I'm not gonna fault  I think it's incredible technology.
 They figure it and I had a good time.
 Well, it's doing it.
 It seemingly is just a giant fan  Yeah, yeah  I had the preconceived notion going into that.
 I would feel a little unease of the feeling of falling which I  recognize clearly is foolish because  You mean I'm into the fan?  Yeah, like I had that it was we were sitting there and I was like what if this is the one time that the metal  Grading is gonna break.
 I do wonder they must have an emergency generator.
 Like if there's a power outage  Or like an earthquake which actually happened while we were there  I was a minor.
 I'm just yeah, none of us noticed but like there's got to be a backup generator that kicks in like  Pretty that's it.
 We should eat it.
 You figure that out.
 Otherwise you're gonna hit flat on your face.
 Yeah, but  Well, if you're the guy if you're doing the show  Yeah, that would be a concern.
 But I think ultimately what you're talking about is  So a fan shutting off is still rotating around so you would go down low  I will say this I just realized it right now and never felt like I was really in the air and I was so that's  Interesting thing for skydiving.
 I didn't I was never like I was worried about the height and when you'd see people go up and down  It doesn't didn't feel like you had I mean we we all were off the ground  We were all right really off the ground floating in air  But didn't I never felt like I was I never felt like oh, I'm like, oh like I don't know  I never had that feeling of such a height sensation.
 Yeah  It's really they could he just as easily call it air swimming.
 Yeah  There's a real presence of that  Yeah, so much because so much of it is just trying to stabilize you  So that is why it feels more like swimming than it does because you're taking your especially at this intro level  You're trying so hard just to stay afloat  We took an intro swimming class.
 Yeah, yeah, does anybody think that you might have looked cool or anything?  I haven't really gotten to look at these videos.
 Well, I'm curious not to it won't be interesting trying to make your fun faces  Sure, you're like here.
 I'll just throw yours.
 I know your direction.
 See what see what you generally think  I mean, I don't think I look cool.
 No, ah  It's interesting watching myself in the thing I'm like, oh interesting and I'm trying to see  Where I'm oh, yeah, I'm tilting.
 It don't look cool.
 Oh, I'm there.
 I'm up a little bit.
 Yeah  It's interesting.
 I can't even at two seconds as a victory.
 It was a really hard thing to maintain states  It's interesting to see you can see yourself.
 You should almost get the video.
 Whoa.
 Wow  Yeah, you should almost get the video right after you see it cuz I'm like I'm looking at myself and it's a totally different  perspective and an understanding of what I  Was doing versus what it looks like I was doing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I know what you mean total disconnect, but yeah  I'm like, oh, that's what I was doing.
 I have downloaded my video and  The funniest part about it is just a man carrying me into the tunnel.
 That's very funny on Twitter, by the way  Well, yes, there's a man just carrying me like I'm a  Mannequin see that was a good that was a good fly there.
 Yeah, I had like good 20 sec 15  I mean probably three seconds Margaritaville sign.
 Oh, I love it Margarita real sign right behind  Yeah, so like I had a decent run right here and then like something hit me and I flew  Mm-hmm, and then I kind of like lost but then I'm up.
 I'm up.
 I'm up  I'm there then.
 Oh, yeah, so then okay, so  At this point, I wasn't holding my arms out far enough  So if you're a wrestling fan diamond Dallas page does the diamond cutter and that's kind of what they're trying to tell you  It's like this, you know, it's like right kind of like this  So they're telling us to do that so they had a talk with all the four of us in between the first and second  The children were not the children had done it perfectly the guys like all right  Here's what you gotta do  You gotta do and he's like explains it and like they're like all right cuz like they were so dissatisfied like these two dudes working  We're like I feel like they were upset at us and then we asked how did we do and they were like, uh  You know not not that bad.
 Yeah, you know, I think we were pretty I think what they were real  I think what they wanted to do was really toss us up in the air and they were really hoping that on that second round  they could get the  You know, and I think we were all almost there  More we could have maybe oh, I think I think yeah, we just needed like I  would pay like a hundred dollars to be like  Give me in there.
 Like let me just like kind of you know, you're counting down that minute.
 You're in a pressurized situation.
 Yeah  Well, you go a little I think there's ways you could get six  But I also feel like on the other hand it might have gotten boring after that, right?  Maybe I was also ready to not be in earplugs and helmet and goggles  yeah, the guy though we have a video of it the guy pulls me in the middle and  Like truly like Tom Cruise throwing that guy through the window through the mirror in  Possible he like throws me like up against the thing  It didn't hurt or anything, but it's funny the video is funny and he's like no and he's like showing me higher your arms  Have to be higher and he's like showing me like very aggressively cuz like the minute the seconds are counting down and I was like  What's going on here? I know I was a bit intense moment  Yeah, it looks like he's like screaming looks like I just did something  Don't you threaten my wife?  Green yes, it's like the first mission of house everything's like mission impossible.
 Let's be honest.
 We were just as cool  Is that we're just cool.
 I felt like I was more confident with how mine went than than I thought  But then I went and I have only looked at two seconds of video  Right they told us to smile and I wasn't having fun.
 So I did successfully smile the entire time  but what I thought  Was like kind of a gentle glide.
 I when I looked back the wind was blowing my face back and what I and my  Smile to me.
 I I think I looked exactly like Stan Laurel.
 I  Look like a wax figure of Stan Laurel.
 I'm not super proud of this video  But I'll throw it up.
 Anyway, I look like a good  madam to so's wax figure version of myself that just says like a  Neutral face and I don't even quite look like me because the wind is blowing  And a man is throwing you into the garden a man is literally picking up the disposal of the girls  Yeah wax figure if you yeah, you'll look at this video on Twitter and you'll be like, oh somebody put a dummy in there  That looks like Mike  Repeatability under what circumstance would you like set for some reason go do it where you could get more?  Yeah, I would go back to I fly I would I thought the people were lovely there.
 They treat us really well  I just think I do think it's something that you need to  The from the first and the second time I felt very  Different like I'm like, okay.
 I thought there's a couple of things you just get over like the idea of like I'm walking to this  Thing I'm like and it's yeah, there's like I think you just get better exponentially.
 Yeah, I would do it again  I would definitely do it again if I get tired imagine like making a point  But if so if a group was doing it I'd be like, oh definitely and then I can kind of get to the chase a little more  I also wouldn't mind  Like it would be more fun to be in a group where it's all our group like we were four  Mixed with four right so we don't get upstaged again.
 Yeah  But he's a little kids.
 Mm-hmm, but the price tag is a little hefty  Yeah, 50 50 bucks and that's with a discount for two minutes  The fly time the way the thing is structured price wise is that to get like I guess like you can get a whole group together  And it's so like a whole group together and you get like so many more minutes  For like twice the price or something like like it like just spending double or something gets you so much more  So it's structured to try to make you go  I'm sure package with you know pitch more pictures and more time and I stuff so like  Yeah, I think that would be the way you'd have to do it is get a big group together and like do the special  Package or potentially.
 I don't know if I should say who but I guess someone who's been on the show  Did it on mushrooms? Oh, no, I don't know how to handle.
 Yeah, I don't  Yeah, I just like  Yeah, that feels intense.
 But also relaxing.
 Maybe like, you know, if you if you got a view  I don't know.
 Maybe that's the way that was the missing.
 Let's all  Let's go back right now make the  Bang on the door make them open it back up find some mushrooms on the way  Yeah, this would be great  4 a.
m.
 Fire up that fan and go  That's all it takes right? We're here.
 We're back  Get it going  We so the waiver you have to say you have to sign a waiver  Which is like, you know if anything happens bad to you, it's not our fault  Yeah  And it tells you like if you have any heart trouble back trouble or your shoulder has ever been  Dislocated and my shoulder has been dislocated.
 It was a casual dislocation  Right.
 It was a car accident and it was like  Hang in there for like a little and I was like, ah and like popped it back in  And like sometimes if I'm like leaning on it or something or weird or honestly  Sometimes if I sneeze into it, like it kind of goes like it can pop in and out a second  And I'm reading this and I'm like, oh my gosh, I'm gonna die  I'm gonna pop in and out a second and I'm reading this and I'm like, I hope this isn't a problem  But you braved it for the podcast.
 I mean that's it.
 I'm a theme park journalist  Content.
 Yeah  Glory to content  So yeah, so I was like I was a little worried going in and I was so tense the first minute  I think that's really more what did it but I was like, oh no, my shoulder hurts after this first round  And then I was like, does it hurt or is it in my head?  I can't tell and then that second time since I was so much more comfortable  It my shoulder felt better right after it popped back in so it well that didn't pop out during the  Yeah, so maybe but maybe it will never pop out again  So I do think like yeah that like tense like just a first a minute of like getting your but I know you scott and jason  Said they felt sued by it.
 Yeah, and I were saying we were tense afterward.
 Yeah, I felt like well  I felt this thing of like  um  Like my body was just being I mean, I guess my body was being beaten by a fan  so it's almost like my body was like hot from  Like a very like intense.
 Yeah thing.
 Yeah, it was interesting.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I wasn't relaxed  So definitely wasn't relaxed.
 It was like my body had to kind of like  Like chill out for a second.
 Yes, I felt like  There was a time when I went on like a stressful hike and like yeah  It was like it was going downhill and like I was like skidding on like dirt  And I remember just being stressed out for like 15 minutes and I got down to the I felt like  Like fucked up  15 minutes and it was because my body is warm and I was like, yeah  Yes for too long and like yeah, so it was similar to that but not as severe  But yeah, the second time I was doing good tired afterwards and then we got back to the car  I started to feel the like yeah, like I had had a massage  Yeah, but now you're a so what would you say?  Now I feel like honestly my stomach feels like I am dying  Yeah, you know  The the zen zone versus that massage.
 What oh, yeah sure.
 What what what is better experience?  I fly or the zen zone  uh  I play as a more interesting experience.
 Yeah  Yeah  What if it's relax massage i'm just talking about the massage after effect, uh, I think zen zone zen zone was so generous  They tossed in so much extra stuff.
 They were so nice.
 I fly they gave us free stuff too.
 They were also yeah  They were very nice.
 Yeah, which you know what which helps make up for all of the other the city walk  uh nonsense such as the  The parking I know you had a slight tail of parking.
 Whoa, yeah too much money  I thought it was a discount but still that only knocks off.
 There's a valet right and and the valet is a great  uh addition to any big theme park, uh, you know like to be able to get your car quickly and get out and it  Dumps you right into this heart of city walk.
 But one of the things that you have to do with that is  You pay a premium  And but you can get validated and I knew that we were going to be at margaritaville  And I knew that was going to be a validation that I could definitely use down the past  They lure you into this like idea that the movie theater can somehow validate  But it's it's not it's a very complicated process.
 Give you five dollars in cash  Yes, if you go up after the movie with your receipt.
 Yeah  which takes off, um a little bit on a very expensive thing so, um  Normally if you're there for over two hours, it's 45 dollars under two hours  It's like 25 dollars.
 I think that's about the ratio.
 Um, I could give or take  um  And so when we went to sky fly or ifly they were like hey  We can validate if you did valent as like I did he's like but you have to also make sure they see your certificate  I was like really because we got a little diploma you missed it.
 So I I I went there  They've already stamped it.
 They've rubber stamped the thing they in the valet center boom  Give it to him.
 He goes do you have the certificate? I'm like, yeah  so I had to unravel my certificate from my pants pocket and then put it up on the uh, you know,  Glass window like i'm  Hunter like, you know like robert denaro in the beginning of midnight run.
 I'm like boom.
 Look at those check marks  stable body got up in the air listened to the commands, you know, and and he looked at he  genuinely  looked at it  Examined it and approved it and then said okay, you've been validated.
 I've seen your thing  $25 and it was still  $25 with a validation like and that's the thing that I feel like back in the day  Universal when you could get validated they would give you a reasonable parking rate now  25 bucks is the most reasonable you're gonna get we did have the for I did dm you and say hey, so it's after six  general parking's 10  valet in theory will partially validate but we had a weird  We had a weird experience with our pal jason.
 Walter.
 I'm looking here and I believe our problem was  You would have gotten free parking if it was two and a half hours  Okay, so because it was probably two hours 40 minutes  Okay you which  Yeah, this all there should be this is a farce you were a great  You're a grown man showing another grown man a certificate up against a window that I'm flying  They only give it to you they only  Allow you to show your diploma on the first time flight.
 Did you hear what he said there?  He's like they only will they only will  Validate that first time if but meanwhile, it's more expensive than most restaurants  It's a $50 ticket to fly like why are we not validating this like and also?  What are you penalizing the students of the school, which I can only imagine are like in the dozens  Like you know, it's not like you're not like it's not like thousands of people are using this loophole of like I'm a  I fly students.
 Yeah, these indoor skydivers think they don't they're so entitled  They think they don't have to pay $45 for parking every time and I will say  You know and I saw that I could have parked in general parking  I could have even parked it for free because I'm an annual passport holder at Universal  But I have such an issue with their parking structure  I was like by the time I park in that thing and then walk to wherever ever you guys are  It's gonna like eat up another 15 minutes or something  You don't know what garage they'll send you to  I mean we're gonna cover this look where if you like what just happened if you want to hear more about all this  We're going to be litigating all of this in the finale  We haven't given away the full list, but the finale of all this  We're gonna go out in a glorious blaze of a ton of discussion of this nature  And we have got I here I'll start teasing it now and say I don't want to just this to be fruitless complaint  I want Universal to hear this discussion and I want these policies to change  As much as I want our street names in Margaritam  I agree  Here's what I think I'm gonna give it out to like take it into your episode  I believe that annual passport people should have the preferred parking  I feel like that should be up on the thing  Yes  At the park you're already spending X hundred  What does that cost them?  Yeah, what does that cost you and then I also believe that if you are an annual passport member  You should get a discount on valet a discount 10 percent 5 percent  Okay, yeah  Give me something because that that annual passport did really help us at iFly  Yeah  Just bringing it down bringing down the price from like 217 to 190  They really worked with us.
 They were great  Yeah  Yes, but this but the parking Gestapo at Universal is will is non-negotiable  I feel like it would be ridiculous to say annual pass holders should get something special at Disneyland  Because there are so many I feel like the annual pass holder for Universal is a much much smaller  You would think right?  I also think that the general I don't know your read if you tell people you're going up to city watch  I don't know if people are like really or if he'll make funny you've lived in LA for a while  It's a kind of a joke to think that City Walk Universal is actually like a vital vibrant part of LA  And I think a lot of the reason why people stay away from it up there is that parking situation is so terrible  I think they must start bending these rules and then yes and letting you like if you're parking on the right  If you're going to a restaurant on the right side get to park in the right side this thing where you have no choice  It's also I mean look there's so many big ticket items there if I'm gonna go see an IMAX you gotta go  I like that I like that IMAX  That's our movie  Yeah, that's where I hit it up all the spots so it's like I feel like let's just work out a better validation plan here  Let's see now is it still handing you cash? Grubby cash dirty money  Yeah, I think that we could not that I'm under the illusion that so many people listen to this  But I think by virtue of that we're the only people talking about this issue on any platform  I feel like we could affect change in real change and we're not negative.
 We're not naysayers  This is a water cannon shot over the bow of Universal  You know this is this is it yeah and also while we're at it  Look, I know we're not in a time that's appropriate for this  But uh if we're making changes at Universal we gotta bring back that Bill and Ted show I know  Oh boy  That's a whole other thing  It's something that I am conflicted about in many ways but I think you could bring it back and curb some of the overtly misogynistic and racist elements  I would say curb it entirely  This is a bizarre conflatings at the whip  The idea that vice has attacked us so now we can't do our homophobic show  We love that the pop culture characters are all meeting each other and dancing to Gangnam Style  Absolutely let's just be a little more socially sensitive  And this idea that like oh so I know everything's off limits now PC  No just don't be a jerk to these people otherwise do whatever you want  You just write something that's not so fucking base and I will say it got more and more base every year  And I think that that's competing with Nots Very Farms which has another show very similar  That's very like pushing the boundaries  When I first saw that Bill and Ted Excellent Adventure it was much more pop culture stupid like Kung Fu Panda eating  Like Kung Fu Panda eating, Panda Kitchen and then farting and all those seats shook  And I'm like that's a level of humor I'd like to see  You just want to see the Ready Player One do the backpack dance  Well you know there's this at UCB there's been a show that our friends Brad and Nick do that is the Bill and Ted show  Well I think that we might have started that because many years ago we did it for a special comedy bang bang  The Christmas comedy bang bangs  And we did it like for three or four years straight and we would call in all these dumb favors  And have Jonaham dressed as his mad man character Don Draper  And we would put like Brett Gellman and I would play Bill and Ted and we did like  Oh I didn't know all this  Yeah me and Scott Ackerman would write the scripts with Gellman too  And it was like a 15 page script and we would do it before the Christmas comedy bang bang  We did it for like three years  Gotcha wow wow  And it was really a challenge to write the stupidest thing you could possibly write  Which but also but like this other show and probably what you guys did  I imagine there were moments where like sometimes you're doing a snark version of it  But sometimes it is just a genuine  Like doing those kinds of jokes in a genuine fashion are pretty fun  We tried to write the show that we actually thought they would make  And not comment on the show that they were doing  And when and the grand like payoff would be to go see it and then see if we got close  And I remember one year we got very close to like three or four jokes and it felt really awesome  It would depend on what you were doing at a manager  But what if Universal Studios reached out and said we want you and Brett Gellman or whoever to actually do it this year  And you would hire the writers but you would have to do all the shows  Or a month and a half  Do a residency, a Universal Studios residency in the park  Take over in a genuine, in a hard comedy fashion  One night only, like Hollywood Bowl, like Willy Wonka, I'm in  Or you can have your script in front of you  I'm not going to give you a good show, I'm going to memorize it  Mild dancing, mild choreography  I'll rehearse, I'm just not going to commit to the seven shows a night for like a month and a half  I feel like, yeah I would do the seven shows in one night  Or two nights, I would do a weekend at Universal, residency as a small residency  Well maybe this is, 14 shows in two days  They should do that in exchange for an overhaul of the parking system  Oh yeah, if you, yes, look what you get  You get Paul Scheer as Bill, or I don't know who you were  I was, yeah I was always Keanu Reeves' character  Oh okay, wonderful  Yeah so it was a great, and look now they're coming back now too  So there's a chance for them to come back  This would be the time, how exciting, feel like when they did that Hell House show  Where like, where big comedians participated in this  Yeah, yeah  The original thing, yeah okay, so the carrot on the stick for Universal Studios  Falls in for 14 shows  And just give me a call, and I'll say one other thing as we're wrapping up here  If Margaritaville does close  I say, get a Void  Yeah, can they do that though?  I think Void is all up in Disney's stuff  So yeah, I don't think that they can  Do you want a Void alternative, because there are other companies now doing it  I mean look, put an escape room up there, put something, I think a Void would be  I mean yeah  There's IMAX VR too  I've done that, it's like home, I have home VR and it's the same  Void is way more  It's good  Yeah, but by the way, you know, get a Universal property in there, come on, you know, do something like that  Yeah, there's a lot of games  Kung Fu Panda  Kung Fu Panda meets Mika and  Yeah, Joe, yeah, sure, and Donny Deutsch  Well, I think on that note, Paul Scheer, you've again survived Podcast The Ride  Thank you so much  And the City Hall edition  I'm so happy to be back  Oh yes, well, thanks for spending your evening with us in this multi-destination  It was a real highlight, it was a real highlight to travel with you guys, to fly with you guys  Hey, brothers in flight  Yeah, we rocked out, we went to an island and we went up in the air, man  It was a wild ride, bro  Really did it, and oh look, the stone, the stone is descending  The stone is coming, we have done it again  It's in the shape of, oh it's Jason and he's indoor skydiving but not in a tube  He's inside a Wetzel's pretzel cup  And he's spinning around and there's pepperonis almost like air dancing around him  And somehow that Jason looks even worse than I feel  Than the Jason I'm looking at right now  Wow, well add it to the collection and you know, Paul, you also by the way, this idea was really announced and born when you were here  I know, I feel very honored that it's come full circle, you know, from Pleasure Island to City Walk  I really feel like I'm carving out a place for myself  If you ever want to talk about a ride, feel free  No, I only want to do around like, part Jason  So if there is a, if there is a  Do you want us to, we could do the Knott's gift shop where they just sell the jams and stuff  Oh yeah, I mean I'm down for that, I'm down for, you know, any of those boardwalks  Oh yeah, sure, yeah, yeah  Shop attraction adjacent to theme park  Yeah, where you get close enough but not in it  Yeah, no actual vehicle can move  If there's a sunglass hut nearby, I'm there  Lightly themed, but not too much  Thank you again  Well, see you in Sector 13  If I live  If Jason is still alive  Okay, Jason's really not doing well  Goodnight  Goodnight  Forever  Dog  This has been a Forever Dog Production  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com  And subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  At ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook