 Forever.
.
.
  Dog!  When your town has let you down  When your porch has fallen short  When you're too worn out to run  And need some ribs or a Cinnabon  You need a place, a place for rock  A place for roll, a place where Oakland Raiders merch is sold  A sublime hot topic and billabong  A place where you can purchase a candy thong  So let's go take a walk  Let's all go to City Walk  Tonight, tonight.
.
.
  That's.
.
.
  A lot of days, and I.
.
.
  For me, this is the first time I don't go back and listen to the podcast so much.
  I so much don't want to hear my own voice.
  I have been listening to these, I think because the pressure's off.
  They're less, they're more loose and less fact-based.
  And I don't feel like I'm getting anything wrong or I'm not as worried about rambling or whatever,  because we're just talking about these inane experiences.
  And I was getting pretty delighted around five or six.
  I wasn't like, oh, this isn't too much.
  It's like fun and funny how much there are.
  And right around 10, 11, I'm getting like this.
  Oh, now you're hitting a wall.
  It is too much.
  Yeah, I've already hit the wall.
  I hit several walls recording them.
  Now I'm hitting a listening wall.
  Right.
  I listened to sectors two through six in one day just to help Mike with the QC-ing.
  And I was physically tired by the end of the day.
  Well, I was also writing the descriptions, prepping the descriptions and scheduling some posts.
  Got very, like I had to divide it up because it just gets so, it gets a little monotonous.
  I've had less to like, some of them I've had a lot of ideas of ancillary content.
  And what was the one where I realized I had no ideas of what to tweet?  I think it was the one with like, Skechers.
  Yeah, I did the same thing.
  It's really thin.
  Some of them are just thin.
  And we don't, but that's I think the beauty of the sector division is you don't know,  some of them seem like they're going to be nothing and then there's so much there.
  And others are cursed or yeah, some are barren.
  But you know, before we go too much further, we should find out what today's lies,  what lies in store today and will it be full of material or a barren desert?  Boys, boys, today's sector is sector 18, the Universal Hotels Hilton and Sheraton.
  Good luck, boys.
  Well, now I'm in your back.
  Jason's back too.
  The hotels, baby.
  Yeah, I've been looking forward to this one the whole time.
  Oh, me too.
  And research for this, not a chore.
  I've done plenty of research in the past.
  I, well, I have not.
  Well, no, I did actually one time for my birthday, Aaron got us a room at the Universal Hilton.
  So I did stay at that one.
  But Sheraton and I haven't stayed at, but I've spent many a night at these hotels wandering around.
  And I'm just a hotel fan in general.
  Jason, I believe you have with your family stayed at.
  I have stayed at both multiple times.
  Wow.
  How many times, if I may ask?  I think two for the Sheraton and maybe four times.
  Really?  Yeah.
  And you just for the listener, you live within five minutes.
  Yes.
  I was going to give a street address.
  I walked over to City Walk sometimes.
  If you DM me, I will give you Jason's street address.
  Hey, you stop that.
  Yes, I live close by.
  But when my family comes to visit, it feels like more of a vacation for me if I stay with them.
  Wait a minute, though.
  But you choose.
  Are you in the same room as them?  No, usually we get connected.
  I think the one time my mom came out just because it was their first time out here and I wanted to make sure they saw everything.
  We got an early start.
  That's the thing to avoid with me.
  And I will go hang out with my parents at a hotel if I have my own space within it.
  But being in the same room as them gets real.
  I think the very maybe the first time like 10 or 11 years ago when my dad first came out, we stayed in the same room.
  But other times that he's gotten like two hotel rooms.
  Did you share a beer?  And was he like, I'm proud of you.
  Did you have a moment?  I think we did.
  I did it at the late great rainforest cafe.
  I think was the first place we had some beers.
  That was the first time you had a beer with you.
  I turned 21 when I was out here for school.
  Good morning, son.
  Oh, yeah.
  We saw a concert where Ben Folds, the backstage had just had his first beer with his grandson.
  With 18, with Louie, right?  Wait, what's that?  Louie is his son's name?  I don't know.
  Louie and Gracie, I believe.
  When I hear the name Louie, I just get a shiver.
  I think of the great Louie Anderson.
  No other comedy Louies.
  Do you remember where you first had a beer with your dad or has it not happened?  He doesn't drink.
  No drink.
  I see.
  So not applicable.
  We have had a sip of wine with him out in California.
  I mean, literally, I think he sipped, somebody put wine in front of us out here and I think he was just being polite and sipped some.
  So that's as close as it's gotten.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  I think I did it at an El Torito one time.
  How old?  Hills.
  22, 23, something like that.
  Nice moments.
  So sometimes we can talk about nice, meaningful things.
  Yeah, sure.
  Sure, yeah.
  People like that.
  I think this one might be a more positive episode in general because we've all had a lot of good times at these hotels.
  I think the outing that we had, we did a little hotel bar hop, one of my favorite activities to do.
  And I think this was one of the most pleasant CityWalk outings we've had the whole time,  partially because Aaron and Lindsay and tomorrow's guests were there.
  That was a blast.
  And that to me, that's kind of the heart of hotels and being cool and fun to explore.
  Those bars.
  I've been a noted hotel bar fan for a long time.
  I think partially because I've never taken to crowded Silver Lake at water downtown kind of places.
  I don't ever understand why do you want to be in a crowded, loud bar?  Why you ever want to be shouting over music?  It doesn't make any sense to me.
  And hotels are just naturally soothing, often 75% empty.
  They're wonderful.
  They're relaxing.
  And you also, as you've had staycations essentially with your parents when they come into town,  to even go spend a couple hours in a hotel, you get that little endorphin of vacation feeling without even leaving your city.
  And there's like, there's two, this is going to sound weird, but there's a level of anonymity at hotel or discretion.
  Like sort of like, yeah, it's its own little contained, you can kind of disappear.
  You forget about the outside world a little.
  You mean like, you know, if you feel like you check your troubles at the door.
  I think so.
  That may just be me.
  I'm sure there's plenty of people who don't like hotels.
  Certainly with the.
.
.
  I can't imagine who hates hotels.
  I know some people seem to gravitate more towards Airbnbs, which I find a little.
.
.
  I don't care.
  I'm fine with it.
  I'll stay in an Airbnb.
  Don't care for it though.
  I find it very utilitarian.
  I also don't like sleeping in someone's bed.
  I don't like it.
  I don't like sleeping in a stranger's bed.
  I know plenty of strangers stay in a hotel, but for whatever reason, I don't associate that with.
  I think it's become a necessity that people do Airbnb financially.
  And that makes sense.
  It's often a way, especially if you're spending more than a week, if you're spending a long time out of town.
  And that to me also is why like just going to a hotel in your city and hanging out there for a while,  you get that little fix without spending a ton of money.
  And maybe a fix you haven't had for a long time.
  Probably a lot of us more likely spend a lot of time at hotels as kids.
  We're with our parents who had money and were willing to splash around.
  Not to make any assumptions.
  But yeah, you're a vacation club kind of guy.
  Oh yeah.
  We would always stay at hotels in Florida.
  I don't think I had an appreciation for the hotel bar though until I started going to Comic-Con for multiple days.
  It's a big part of the culture.
  Because you try to get into big parties.
  And once in a while, I like some insane thing.
  Because on Comic-Con on occasion, I can sneak in somewhere and there's like acrobats and the music's way too loud.
  Maybe it's an open bar.
  And like that's fun to see that.
  But you know, one of the best traditions of Comic-Con is going to that Hyatt bar.
  Oh yeah.
  Is the Hyatt at the top of the.
.
.
  Well, I usually it's.
.
.
  I like that.
  You and I shared a sunset at that Hyatt.
  We had a romantic sunset.
  Two or three years ago.
  Staring at John Lennon quotes written on the glass.
  Yes, but I'm more referring to the low level or the first level.
  The lobby bar.
  Thank you.
  The lobby bar.
  Where the old comics perl.
  Old comics writers and artists are just hanging out there and you go and get a little table.
  And that's a nice tradition of Comic-Con for the last, God, maybe seven years now.
  Where the legends and the riff-raff can meet and mingle.
  It's pretty actually cool.
  But it's great.
  Yeah, I totally agree.
  I had more fun at that.
  Comic-Con, it's so strange, all that, the kind of jostling to get on the list and are you on the list?  No, you should be in this line and then you get in there and there's nowhere to move.
  I remember the first time I went to Comic-Con, there was a bunch of that.
  And there was a party at the Hard Rock Hotel down there.
  Oh, it's impossible.
  It's impossible.
  Four knocks.
  Lockdown.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Seventh Hard Rock episode where I reference Hard Rock.
  We're going to keep climbing them up.
  But it was whatever this party was, was promised to be star studded.
  They'd wait till you when you were mingling with the top tier talent in Hollywood up there.
  And the one recognizable figure was Wolf from American Gladiators.
  Is that the correct name or was he named like Coyote or something?  He's a real sweetheart.
  Oh, really?  He was like the nicest guy.
  Jason was a PA or an intern?  I was an audience page, which became like a catch-all for Do Anything.
  So you knew Wolf?  Yes.
  Wolf was very.
.
.
all the Gladiators were nice.
  That's good.
  You didn't get to have a beer with Wolf though.
  Wolf didn't say he was proud of you.
  No, we had some late nights.
  I think that might have been the latest I've ever spent on a studio lot,  is I spent 21 hours straight on the Sony lot once.
  How much did you get paid for that day?  Did you get overtime?  I think I did get overtime.
  Okay.
  It did get overtime because.
.
.
  At least double time.
  I double time if it's 21 hours.
  It was definitely double time at a certain point, but it was writer strike filler.
  And so they were churning stuff out.
  They were throwing money at these reality shows.
  Right after that, the arena was converted into, I believe, the set for My Dad Is Better Than Your Dad,  which is, as I say that out now, it's such a bad taste of my mouth that that was a TV show.
  You find that offensive?  Yeah, I find it kind of a poor taste.
  Everyone's dad has their good qualities.
  We shouldn't be judging dads one second one against each other.
  Yeah, I know.
  Give them a break.
  Can you imagine being in that scenario where that phrase comes out of your mouth and you mean it?  Awful.
  Yeah.
  What if things had gone the wrong way on our night of hotel bar drinking,  and we were all shouting that at each other?  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, that would have really devolved.
  What a nightmare.
  Let's put all of our dads at an official truce right now.
  They're at a truce.
  Yeah.
  I agree.
  So where were we going with all that?  Wolf, Comic-Con, hotels, hotel bars.
  Hotel bars.
  Affection for hotels.
  Great spots, room to breathe, oxygen to the brain, and we did a little tour of both of them,  and maybe we should go in the order that we hit them up.
  Sure.
  Now, is, okay, not to question the sector keeper's logic,  Right.
  but I have no problem, obviously, with talking about these places  and them being part of the City Walk saga,  would you really consider these part of City Walk?  Well, yeah, I mean, it's part of the resort overall, so it is.
  You can make an argument either way.
  If City Walk is just in the boundaries of that map,  but on the map, are the hotels sort of indicated or no?  I don't think they're on the map.
  I forget.
  If they're not on the map.
  Not in like an Alaska and Hawaii kind of thing in the corner?  Yeah, they're not just separate.
  I mean, probably not technically on City Walk because they're not connected to the street.
  But I guess the further we question this, we would be robbing the sector keeper of strength.
  Right, and he needs that going into this final one.
  He's almost there.
  We're kicking him out of the finish line.
  Not kicking him, no, that would take strength away.
  No.
  Okay, let's put him up on a pedestal.
  The sector keeper's wonderful.
  The hotels are wonderful.
  I'm glad to be talking about them.
  So, but if you are leaving City Walk,  actually we started our journey around the globe, like around the park,  and then we went kind of back the far way to the east of the property,  but now we're going all the way back to the west.
  So if you're leaving the theme park and you go from the fountain,  you have to like walk on side streets or through this weird pedestrian bridge  to get over to the Hilton.
  And the Hilton's the one more atop the hill.
  It's higher up and it's the more recently added hotel.
  It was added in the 80s and the Sheraton is,  I'm really putting a T on Sheraton because it's confusing because you're Sheraton.
  Yeah, I don't see anything from this hotel chain.
  Oh, you're not an heir?  My family sees no benefit.
  Yeah.
  Sorry to hear that.
  You've tried, but no one's going to.
.
.
  Oh yeah, I've tried, yeah.
  You've tried to claim you're a long lost child of the Sheraton family.
  Yeah, that didn't work.
  I remember claiming I was DB Cooper's son didn't work.
  You know, you got to try some cons to get ahead in this town.
  I got to see if I can claim that I'm,  if I started claiming I'm Scott Starwood to try to get Starwood awards points.
  Oh, well, you know, the family keeps growing.
  The Starwood family keeps growing.
  At the very least, that's a good professional wrestling name.
  Ooh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'll file that away.
  Scott Starwood, the heir to the Starwood hotel chain.
  So anyways, this one was added, this is the second hotel added at Universal.
  It was added in the 80s.
  And to really get it into my wheelhouse,  I want to talk about the architect of this hotel because I think this place is beautiful.
  This is like exactly my aesthetic.
  It's steel and big brass poles and those, like that super reflective glass and giant atriums.
  It just makes me.
.
.
  Multiple atriums.
  Yes, there's so many atriums.
  And that walk that you can do, kind of the way you end up entering,  because the official entrance is on the other side, like closer to the freeway into the hill.
  That's where the cars enter from.
  But as a pedestrian, you get to go through all these weird empty ballrooms.
  I mean, I'm sure they're not always empty.
  But typically late at night, there's no weddings going on or anything.
  But like, yeah, amazing grand event spaces and chandeliers.
  Huge chandeliers.
  Lift drivers, very easy to confuse.
  Lift drivers of where the hotel lobby or where they should pick you up.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Because if you type in.
.
.
  At least this used to be the case.
  I was up there once and called for a lift.
  And the button, the like pin drops when you look up Sheraton or Universal Hilton,  it drops by the ballrooms.
  It doesn't drop by the lobby.
  Okay, very confusing.
  So, yeah.
  I think Aaron and Cheryl were getting there.
  And then when we picked up a lift on the way back, the lift driver said,  so you guys from out of town?  Oh, no, we were just hanging out at the hotel.
  Okay.
  Are you like visiting friends from out of town?  No.
  So what were you doing there?  We were just like at the bar.
  Oh, really?  So they have a good bar?  Is it like, what is it like, you know, like good prices?  Is it kind of cheap?  No, no, absolutely not.
  Way more expensive than it would be at a regular bar.
  Oh, silence.
  Rest of the ride.
  It is a little hard to explain.
  But as we'll get to, that is not an uncommon thing to do for the Sheraton bar,  or at least it didn't used to be.
  Wait, what do you mean?  It used to be a big haunt for people to hang out.
  Including one notable luminary who we'll get to.
  Oh, yes.
  I think a lot of people would.
.
.
  One famous denizen of the Sheraton and the Sheraton bar.
  I think a lot of people would go, the articles I read seem to indicate that people would go and watch games.
  It seemed like.
.
.
  And the bar.
  It was really happening.
  Yeah.
  But let's let me talk about another luminary for a second.
  William Pereira is the architect of this, of the Universal Hilton.
  And let me just list some of the other things that he, or perhaps his firm, it might not all be literally this man.
  But William Pereira, one of the great architects, we talked about John Jertie who built CityWalk.
  He's one of those figures I've looked up and found very cool to read.
  But you just like, some of these people, you look at their works and your jaw drops.
  How could this all have been the same person?  And his is one of the craziest.
  The main one, the main feather in his cap, the LAX theme building.
  Which is that central Jetsons pod, that LAX.
  That's cool.
  Which at one point had a Disney alien bar on the top of it.
  The accountant.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Which that thing is like the only pleasant aspect of LAX.
  It's like the only thing that makes you okay with being there.
  That you get to see this cool, bizarre piece of architecture.
  I think, I believe there was a Beck tour where he used that, a picture of that as a backdrop.
  Oh, I'm sure.
  I mean that is so much shorthand in pop culture.
  I feel like this is shorthand for, you're in LA now.
  Here's the weird airport for this weird city of stars and celebs.
  Yeah, it gets you in the state that LA is a little bit kooky.
  It's different.
  Like you just landed in a UFO.
  You're not going to recognize, you landed in the UFO.
  I'm getting confused by my own point here.
  Some of these celebs do seem like aliens.
  Am I right, fellas?  If there's any truth to Men in Black.
  Men in Black too.
  Sure.
  Some of the other things this guy's built, the Geisel Library named after Dr.
 Seuss.
  This crazy abstract, brutalist library at UCSD in San Diego where Aaron went.
  If anybody knows this offhand, what I'm talking about, it looks like an Escher painting.
  It's totally insane.
  The Transamerica Pyramid in San Francisco, also this guy.
  Big famous San Francisco pyramid.
  The Disneyland Hotel was this guy.
  The original Carthay Circle was this guy.
  Not just the theme park, but the real restaurant that is now.
  The theater.
  Yes.
  Oh yeah, it was a theater, not a restaurant.
  The original place that now is the main landmark at California, but it's sorely needed.
  The original architecture was by this guy.
  Also built CommuniCorps at Epcot.
  Really?  Yes.
  I get a pretty Epcot-y vibe from this universal.
  It definitely seems like a lost pavilion and a very tall one at that.
  This guy, indelible influence on theme park world and theme park architecture,  and did awesome stuff in the 60s, 70s, and 80s.
  Also built most of Irvine and Newport Beach.
  Almost every primary building in those weird cities.
  If his works are Beck albums, what would this Hotel Universal be?  Carthay was early, cool one out of the gate.
  That's Mellow Gold.
  LAX theme building, just primary classic, so that's Odellay.
  Bizarre experimental one is the Geisel Library, and that would be Midnight Vultures.
  Then the acoustic ones, maybe those are more functional buildings.
  Those are just buildings that work well and keep people inside calm.
  Irvine is the whole of Irvine.
  Is it just Sea Change?  Yeah.
  Too sad for me, Sea Change.
  That's true.
  That's the breakup album.
  Beautiful album art, though.
  You never want to return to Sea Change, actively put it on.
  I'll go in just on Lost Cause once in a while, but I don't do the whole one.
  That's the one little bit of, boy, that one gets grim.
  I don't know that William Pereira built a prison or anything,  but maybe that would be Sea Change if he ever constructed a prison.
  Also, Beck doing pretty great work here later in his career.
  I thought Colors was cool.
  He's had singles recently.
  Beck's staying relevant decades in, just like William Pereira,  the final building this guy built, and it was opened after his death,  but the last one that he worked on, Fox Plaza,  the biggest skyscraper on the 20th century Fox Club, which of course,  Nakatomi Plaza from Die Hard.
  Also this guy.
  Insane.
  That list is so crazy.
  That really is crazy.
  Staying relevant, just like Beck.
  Just like Beck.
  Yeah.
  I would love to keep doing these architects as albums.
  This is a real wheelhouse for me, and thanks for setting me up.
  But anyway, we're talking about the hill.
  I don't know which, Beck.
  It's just a random, Beck.
  This is One Foot in the Grave.
  It's in there.
 I don't know.
  What came after Midnight Vultures?  Sea Change.
  What was before Midnight Vultures?  Did it also start with that?  Mutations.
  I always confuse those too, because they're back to back.
  He was kind of going back and forth of like acoustic and electric one,  and then it all kind of melded in the middle.
  Although the one has a very distinct, abstract, weird cover,  and the other is just a picture of him, if I remember correctly.
  Yeah, that's true.
  It's just kind of a cool GQ photo.
  And we have now established that we know about one band past 1981.
  Aerosmith.
  Oh, yes.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Which is kind of where it started in the 70s.
  We'll do an Aerosmith equivalent.
  So we'll compare Aerosmith to the works of Bob Gurr.
  We'll do that whole crowd section at some point.
  Look out for that chart on our Twitter.
  But let's talk about the stuff inside the building.
  We had an excellent night at one of the probably the grandest atrium  in all of the Hilton, which I've seen referred to as just the atrium bar,  but I also saw menus calling it 21 and over.
  Very catchy.
  But the Sierra Cafe is at the sit down restaurant with the buffet.
  Yes.
  Okay.
  And that is, I mean, I had been to the bar before, but I've eaten at the buffet.
  My mom and stepdad love buffets.
  So when they checked in and saw there was a seafood buffet and a breakfast buffet,  we hit up both the last time they visited.
  Wow.
  And I think that is an interesting part of this hotel.
  I mean, Universal Studios Hollywood caters to a large international tourism crowd.
  So I just remember the first day we went to that breakfast buffet,  and there's all the American breakfast go-tos,  and then there was baked beans and cooked tomatoes for the British tourists.
  And then there was also like pork shumai,  and this is the first and only place I've ever had jellyfish salad.
  So I think those were some of the more geared more towards the Asian population.
  You had it.
  Yeah.
  And it kind of tasted like gummy worm salad.
  It didn't have a huge flavor.
  It had more of like a soy sauce flavor.
  It was just kind of gummy.
  Strange.
  But it was a strange mix.
  And then at night, at least on the weekends,  very decked out like giant sculpture filled with shrimp,  multiple prime rib carving station.
  Like it's a lot.
  It's very intense.
  You're going to your happy place.
  Yeah.
  Just remembering.
  How was it? Do you remember?  It was pretty good.
  I am more of a, you know, I like to sit and I like buffets in theory,  but sometimes the quantity over quality can be a little overwhelming.
  But it was a fun experience.
  You can't control the quality of each food that way.
  You know, so like half the stuff is OK or even more sometimes depending on the buffet.
  Yeah.
  And we didn't but we did not eat there.
  We ate in the lounge bar and which, you know,  there's nothing much to talk about food wise there.
  You guys split a pizza, a burger is just largely basic stuff.
  But we need to talk about Jason's meal.
  Oh, yes.
  Which you knew this would be discussed.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  This should be half the show.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So I was looking at I mean, they had a lot of interest.
  It was a surprisingly large menu for a lobby bar.
  And not that pricey.
  I mean, still more expensive than the quality you get, but a little marked up.
  But not the worst you ever found in a hotel.
  But I was hungry, but not that hungry.
  And sometimes when that happens, I like to just have dessert.
  So I walked into the bar and got the dessert menu and just ordered the apple strudel.
  Right.
 With the ice cream.
  It came with ice cream on it.
  And it was delicious.
  Giant slice of apple strudel.
  Big thing of vanilla ice cream.
  And then some sort of like I don't know if it was a condensed milk sauce,  but there was a very sweet like cream sauce on top.
  Milk sauce.
  So we all, of course, had a nice laugh and Jason had dessert.
  Ha ha.
  We were all eating.
  Not that what we're eating is some gourmet perfectly nutritious thing.
  It's just bread and cheese.
  Someone had a Caesar salad.
  Someone had like some bites.
  Small bites from the appetizers.
  So I just to ask what your day had been like, I said, what else have you eaten today?  Oh, yeah.
  So like you were saying you were full.
  So I said, well, what's been the meals today?  So if you wouldn't mind repeating what you ate on Friday.
  I had lunch with friend of the show, Marissa Strickland.
  I had some sort of breakfast sandwich at a cafe.
  It was like bacon, egg and cheese and like braised greens.
  Pretty standard.
  Pretty standard, tasty.
  You know, a place with avocado toast on the menu all day.
  Kind of one of those cafes.
  Right.
 And then to say what your next meal was.
  I was a little hungry when I got home.
  I was stuck in traffic for a while and I just had some cookies and milk as a snack.
  Uh huh.
 So breakfast, breakfast sandwich, lunch, cookies and milk, dinner, apple strudel and a big ice cream.
  And a vodka soda.
  And a vodka soda.
  With a few limes.
  Now I decided to ask another question that everyone I think would want to know.
  I said, what kind of milk are we talking here?  And you said.
  Whole milk.
  Whole milk because the current thinking is that whole milk is better because it, it usually, I believe it's, it's more protein.
  It makes you feel more, a little more protein, a little more milk fat in there.
  It's going to fill you up and trick you into eating less.
  That's why it's recommended for babies.
  And what cookies were you dunking in the milk?  Oh, those ones that you get at like supermarkets that are like kind of a chewy sugar cookie with like a chunk of icing on top, like neon icing on top.
  And they were neon icing specific because this sounds like a thing I would want to buy.
  But also already kind of a soft cookie.
  So to dunk.
  Already kind of a soft cookie.
  Yeah.
  Because a chocolate chip seems.
  Didn't it disintegrate instantly?  No.
  And frosted in there?  Because it was a hardy cookie.
  I just only, I feel like I do something with a chocolate component.
  Chocolate chips, Oreos.
  Absolutely.
  If I dunk cookies in milk once every four years.
  But this is a, is this a frequent occurrence for you?  Yes, but I usually have chocolate chip in the house.
  I see.
  And when we say frequent, six times a month.
  Frequent cookies and milk?  Yeah.
  How often a month, how many times a month are you indulging in cookies and milk?  Well, sometimes I'll just have a cookie when I'm just puttering around the house.
  But that's not what I'm talking about.
  I'm talking about you making cookies and milk.
  Sitting down with cookies and milk.
  Or literally making a meal of it.
  Maybe like, oh, making a meal of it.
  Usually before like after dinner or before bed.
  Maybe like a handful of times a month.
  Five?  Five, yeah, sure.
  Six?  Five, six sounds reasonable.
  And do you.
  If I have cookies in the house, I'll probably have a cookie every day though.
  I get that.
  I think there's something different about doing the setup, creating the little Santa  display.
  That is the difference.
  That's what I'm wondering.
  This was definitely, I was looking at what I was in the house and I didn't really feel  like having a grill at the bar and I was like, oh, I'll have some cookies and milk.
  Because we were also trying to figure out when to meet up.
  I wasn't sure when I was going to eat again, but I didn't.
  Right.
  I'd had a very salty lunch, so I wanted something more sweet.
  And is it a tall glass of milk?  No, usually like a rocks glass size.
  What's a rock?  Like a whiskey glass or something basically?  Yeah.
  And then do you end up using all the milk for the cookies or do you end up drinking?  No, I drink what's left.
  Yeah.
  But is there a lot left?  Usually.
  OK, so it's not like you're completely submerging the cookie in each time you're going in for  a bite.
  No, I'm pretty light dunk.
  So light?  OK, so it's a light dunk and then you're just finishing the glass.
  I'm just finishing the glass and I'll usually have some water with it too.
  OK.
  But let's also the other meal revelation because since earlier in the series, we just we there  was.
  Are you talking about the hot dogs?  There was the hot dog revelation.
  Right.
  And the hot dog situation was recapped and in such a way that it made it seem almost a  little more reasonable than when it came up for the first time on the show.
  And you almost made it.
  I almost made it.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Out the door until you explained.
  And then, wait, and then I shared a trick that Mike knew of.
  It's like if you want to microwave a hot dog, the way to do it is you wrap it in a wet paper  towel so it kind of de facto steams it.
  And I accidentally added on.
  So if you need something quick and you're in a rush.
  Yes.
  And I didn't think that's I still don't think that's so you sometimes you plan your day  raw or like you're running late and you wait.
  So you're running late.
  So oh, God, I have almost no time left.
  Better cook this hot dog in the microwave really quickly.
  If you want some protein and you want something hot.
  So are you so then you throw it in a bun.
  Do you have buns on hand?  We actually didn't even get into that.
  That's usually no, because I usually have I always buy bread.
  OK, so just a regular slice of bread.
  Yeah, a regular slice of bread.
  It's OK.
  That's this is the worst detail to me.
  As a child, I hated hot dog with regular bread.
  You don't want to buy hot dog.
  No.
  Well, the hot dog buns are the lowest form of bread.
  Hot dog buns is like 99 cents.
  So I usually will get like a sourdough or a potato bread or a wheat bread.
  You're OK.
  The quality thing makes sense to me.
  But doesn't it like am I the only person who like those things have always been they they  cancel each other out.
  I didn't use to like it either when it was like Wonder Bread.
  But if it's slightly it's a bit if it's a better bread, you can also butterfly it.
  You can butterfly the hot dog, cut it down the middle, flatten it and make like a sandwich.
  Oh, I see what you're saying.
  You get it.
  We are.
  For some reason, I've always just like cut up pieces of hot dog.
  I don't like splitting it down the middle.
  Yeah, it's less fun.
  If you go to like a beer hall sort of German restaurant, some of their sausages, they'll  they'll butterfly and put between two slices of thick sourdough bread that you knew that  you knew the verb on the butterfly, the hot dog.
  Yeah, I don't think that's a crazy turn.
  You do home butterflying.
  But if you don't have time, you just wrap it like a dumpling in a paper towel.
  Well, and when I was younger, I briefly experimented because I saw this on the spoon.
  I was experimenting in college.
  My experiment was trying to cook hot dogs and butter.
  Uh huh.
  And it is very good.
  It was like a comfort food episode of one of the but you know, I don't really do that  anymore because hot dogs or sausage are usually there's enough grease.
  Don't really do it anymore.
  But have you at all?  Once in a while, do it butter.
  No, not really.
  I don't really.
  It's too.
  It's too much.
  Hmm.
  OK, well, I think I'm on a question for now.
  I think we can go back to the hotels.
  Yeah.
  And I feel a little bad that this is a bit of an inquisition.
  You're literally in the corner of the room and we're all pointing.
  Yeah.
  And asking.
  But the first hot dog revelation was one of my favorite parts of the saga.
  And there was more meat on the bone.
  Just something to me about if you're in a rush, the quick hot dog.
  If you're eating hot dogs, there's no bone to worry about.
  It's just meat.
  You mainly eat hot dogs six times a month because of, you know, part of it is I really  rarely buy raw meat.
  I, I.
 Yeah.
  I rarely buy raw chicken.
  I buy deli meat.
  Yeah.
  Deli meat or I usually had pepperoni or salami growing up, grew up in heavy, heavily Italian  neighborhoods.
  I don't think I ever went to a Jewish deli until I was like in high school.
  My conception of a deli was like an Italian deli.
  When was the last time you bought Scrapple?  I don't think I personally have ever bought Scrapple.
  Okay.
  And in not, I think there's one or two butchers in LA that'll do it.
  Let's keep it that way.
  The next time we have some kind of live appearance or something, I want, I want a fan to bring  Jason Scrapple as a gift for all of the episodes we've given you.
  Which is another East coast thing.
  Borg roll.
  Or Taylor Ham as it's sometimes called.
  Yeah.
  Which is not fun.
  I want fans coming with either soaps or Scrapple.
  Scrapple is usually a raw loaf.
  So be careful with that.
  Oh, you don't have to eat it.
  Get it fresh.
  Get it fresh.
  Get the Scrapple fresh hours before the show.
  I just want to see the exchange.
  Yeah.
  Although you're going to be tempted if free Scrapple comes your way.
  Well, I'm going to want to cook a big meal for everyone, you know.
  When we're doing these shows.
  For all the fans.
  For all the, no, for you guys.
  So if you guys get experience.
  That's the live show I like is Jason Cook's Scrapple and hot dogs for everybody.
  And we don't talk about theme parks at all.
  Live show, that is the one thing I've been asking.
  When it comes to live shows, more labor, please.
  More preparation required.
  Now you cater our live shows.
  Now I cater them.
  Let our fans bring the ingredients.
  And that balances out the workload.
  I guess that's true.
  Anyway, the universal Hilton Hotel.
  Right, go back to this.
  Yes.
  What else is there to say about this?  Several television episodes filmed up there.
  There was a Beverly Hills 90210 season one episode called the Spring Dance.
  And the Spring Dance took place at the Universal Hilton.
  It's mainly a darkened ballroom so you don't get to see a lot of that sweet architecture.
  But you see the fountain outside while Gabrielle Carteris shows up.
  And you can, with the view of the valley behind them, you get a sense of how this was the  height of luxury in 1991.
  Also, this is where Jerry and George stayed in the two part episode, The Trip, where they  come to LA, which of Seinfeld, I probably didn't say Seinfeld.
  Jerry and George stay there in the quest to find Kramer that ends up leading to the, wait,  is that separate from when they get the TV show?  I'm not totally sure.
  Kramer is to try his luck in LA and then he gets for the people think he's a murderer?  Yeah, but that has nothing to do with the getting of the TV show.
  Of the Jerry show.
  Anyway, point is, they show an exterior shot of the Universal Hilton, which makes me happy  to see.
  I'll skip the rest of the episode.
  I just want to see that lobby.
  But then it goes to Jerry in the room and there's a window and there is an ocean view  in the window.
  But there would not be an ocean view at the Universal Hilton.
  This was an egregious error on the part of the makers of Seinfeld.
  And the show is dead to me forever now.
  No more Seinfeld ever again.
  No more Seinfeld for me.
  I feel like these hotels are used a lot in filming, especially Universal owned stuff  because it's easier, it's easy to coordinate.
  I feel like I've seen at least the Sheraton in an episode of The Office or two.
  Oh, perhaps.
  You can also dress these as like hotels in anywhere USA.
  Yes, true.
  If it's just a ballroom or a generic kind of lobby.
  And it's right in the backyard of Hollywood.
  And I don't want to skip around too much, but this does seem like a perfect opportunity  to take us.
  Well, first of all, let's take the outside elevator down the parking garage to the Sheraton.
  So here's how it works.
  You exit the Hilton through like halfway to the ballroom part of the hotel.
  By the Peet's Coffee.
  Yes.
  You exit at a pretty arbitrary unlabeled point and you go to just a very minimal elevator  bank and you press the button and you wait for a very long time.
  But then you get in a glass elevator with a beautiful view, with the same view that  the 90210 gang got.
  I really honestly am recommending this.
  And that takes you down the parking garage.
  And that's a fun little ride.
  I think you guys are with me that, especially glass elevator rides or like little bonus  rides outside of parks.
  I like when they show up in hotels.
  I like when they're in malls.
  It gives me a little ride fix without paying an admission.
  Yeah, I would have completely agree with that.
  I like going between the hotels.
  I think it's not labeled well, but if you're staying at the Sheraton, you can in theory  get up to the theme park without waiting for the shuttle bus that runs between all of the  two hotels and then city walk in the theme park.
  You can take that glass elevator up, walk around the Hilton property and then take that  pedestrian footbridge up the block to the theme parks.
  It's a little bit when I was first out here and my dad stayed at the Sheraton, it was  a little bit of a like, how do we?  They said like, oh, there's an elevator and you go up and there's a path.
  And in Florida, since it's a full resort property, there's signs.
  There's kind of some pathways like that at University of Florida, little kind of hidden,  but then every 10 feet there's a sign.
  There needs to be like some expressway though from these hotels to city walk proper.
  They might run shuttles, but that's not a run for all day.
  Right.
  But like, yeah, we'll make it a little bit more like Orlando where you can just walk.
  I mean, obviously they have more space there, but they're they just built that big thing  over Lancashire, the big walkway in the last year or two to make it easier to get from  the metro to the tram.
  There's got to be a version of that.
  That's like your express walkway right into city walk.
  Because getting from city walk and the parks to the hotels is downright dangerous.
  Very.
  Do we, there's a real sector question.
  I know.
  Or maybe we save it for tomorrow.
  I think this is part of the park.
  I think we save it.
  Yeah.
  Without the sector keeper here to make the ruling, it's a little tougher.
  But what if he was here, he might cough and have us move on down to the universal Sheraton.
  And if you're going to go, if anybody does this, does this path that we're describing  starts gets a, you go get a drink at the Hilton, then take the glass elevator downstairs.
  It's the best way to arrive at the universal Sheraton because you get to see that beautiful  view, the flickering lights of a van eyes or something.
  I don't know.
  But then you really get to land on this like perfect sixties mod hotel.
  This place opened in 1969 and it was called the hotel of the stars.
  And you can feel this, this sixties height of luxury as you can with the eighties in  the Hilton.
  You're traveling a little bit back in time.
  You go a couple of decades back.
  And that's the thing I like about these two hotels.
  It's a similar vibe to Disney world where if you do a pass of hotels, you can feel the  eras that they were all built in and you're in totally different themes.
  It's like a much lighter version of that.
  But if they were two hotels cut from the same cloth, I wouldn't like it nearly as much as  super eighties hotels, super sixties hotel.
  I have to give them credit because they've redone these hotels a number of times.
  I feel like even in just the last 10 years, although the one time I stayed at the Hilton  that led to a very funny sort of bit of business where the elevators were being redone.
  So they had employees running the elevators, like an old style hotel with walkie talkies.
  Like you had to like someone had to call up and get like someone was downstairs and there  would be a person there and they would radio down to one of the other.
  It was very confusing.
  And then that was the same year.
  I think both my parents visited like six months apart.
  And I was like, God, I hope the elevators are fixed.
  And they were.
  They did.
  They turned it around pretty quickly, but it was very odd because you think like, oh,  old style hotels with hotel operators.
  This is much more like a guy who works at the front desk usually.
  And he's just like pressing the button and the override and going like, I'm going out  to this.
  Shops off.
  OK, I'm going back down like because only half the elevators were working.
  I disagree.
  They should have stuck with this.
  I want a guy on every floor.
  I want operators that really makes me feel like that.
  Now we're in like a 30s.
  Yeah, it was a little I don't know.
  It was a little bizarre.
  I want you.
  I want you to be the elevator operator.
  I mean, I want a beautiful lobby boy.
  Lobby boys here.
  Grand Budapest.
  Oh, yeah, totally.
  And it's not a walkie talkie.
  You answer a little like Dixie Cup string phone.
  Oh, yeah.
  Has to go all the way up to 40 floors of the hotel.
  But the Sheraton, when my family first stayed there, we're like, it's pretty nice.
  But they had let it fall off a little.
  But they've really restored that lobby.
  Done a good job.
  Really good.
  Keeping with the times.
  However, I'm not super pleased with I don't know exactly what it was like in the 1990s.
  But while I did have a good time at that bar, they are no longer paying homage to the primary  epicenter fact about the Universal Sheraton, the most famous resident.
  This was so fun to find out the Universal Sheraton, highly associated for many decades  with the actor, Telly Savalas, Telly Savalas, TV's Kojak.
  Lived there for like 20 years.
  He died there.
  He died in this hotel on the third floor on a third floor suite.
  Ninety three or ninety four.
  It was in ninety four.
  He died.
  This is what's crazy.
  He died in January 1994.
  You know what else was in January 1994?  The Northridge earthquake, which did substantial damage to the Universal Sheraton.
  So this this place, which through the 80s and 90s was beautiful and, you know, teeming  with life because of the constant presence of Telly Savalas walking around the lobby,  playing pool with people, walking around with slippers, say, hey, baby, what's happening?  He was like the heart of the hotel.
  And then he died.
  And then the life went out of it.
  Yeah.
  And then the earthquake, maybe Telly Savalas' death in some cosmic way triggered the North  Ridge Northridge earthquake.
  God was too sad.
  Yeah.
  He just he was he stopped holding the plates, the lines together.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The phone lines.
  And it seemed like he was very friendly to guests like people would come up to him and  talk to him.
  It seemed like he would shoot pool and gamble on Sportsgate.
  Like, yes, he was just hanging around.
  I found one quote from his obituary where a friend said the following.
  He could be eating a sandwich, you know, putting something in his mouth and someone would come  over and slap him on the back and say, how you doing?  He'd say delightful.
  How wonderful.
  Which is, it sounds so fun and full of life.
  I know.
  As opposed to like you hear the stories about like late in life, Dean Martin sitting at  hamburger.
  Marys?  Hamburger Marys.
  Yeah, at sunset.
  Really?  He was there?  Yeah.
  And it seems much sadder.
  My friend of mine has a story where he was at the Coppola Winery where and he was there  on a weekend where Francis Ford Coppola himself was walking around.
  And you might think he's in his element.
  He's at his wine place.
  He's probably more invested in that these days than the movies.
  And you might think wine's flowing.
  He's boisterous guy.
  You could come up to him and say, I just want to say Godfather, greatest thing, apocalypse  now.
  Hey, put her there.
  Shake your hand.
  He just, my friend just said, you know, you inspired me to be a writer and to do the creative  stuff that I do.
  And he just stared, didn't look away, stared at him while all this was said and then walked  away.
  Didn't acknowledge him or say anything.
  Just stared daggers as if to say you are dirt to me.
  Man.
  How awful, how heartbreak to meet you, to sell someone you're, you're my hero and then  get hard dissed.
  But in the universal share it and you could walk up to telly Savalas whether or not you  loved sell your Savalas or only slightly knew who he was.
  Need say, how you doing, baby?  We're in Telly town now.
  How awesome.
  So cool.
  The Coppola thing.
  I mean, that's not even an Irish guy.
  That's like a full on Sicilian goodbye.
  Like that's like an Irish goodbye, but there's more, more of a threat of menace behind it.
  It feels like I should mention my friend was slaughtered in his hotel that night.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, you know, didn't make it.
  Disrespect the outfit.
  Possibly at Francis's orders.
  You can only assume.
  I'm trying to think of another equivalent of like where like a famous person was hanging  around and they were just like the greatest.
  They would hold court or something.
  Yeah.
  Is there such a thing?  The closest thing I can think of is Lemmy Kilmister from Motorhead would be at that  rainbow bar and grill on Sunset a lot if he wasn't on tour and like you could buy him  a drink and you know, that was his hangout.
  Yeah.
  I mean, it's not, we can establish ours.
  It wouldn't be that rare to find us at the Burbank Holiday Inn.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  Up at the Crystalview Lounge.
  Yes.
  We were there one night.
  We closed it down and it's not open terribly late.
  There was maybe five other people in it and we met a very nice listener.
  Yeah.
  There's like no one in this bar except like us and maybe Aaron and Lindsay and of all  the places, one person was like, oh hey.
  Weird, right?  This is the dream is, well, I don't want to, I guess I don't want to change it from the  Crystalview Lounge because that's a perfect name.
  Yeah.
  But if it got, if the name got changed to the PTR Crystalview Lounge and there was a  booth name for us.
  Sure.
  That weird booth with a very low ceiling where you're kind of trapped that I want, I want  that whole part of the, hey, we know the bartender.
  He's our friend.
  I think we can make them.
  I want to be the Telly Savalas of the Burbank Holiday Inn and I also want to get a very  large and shave my head.
  Yeah.
  I will be living there by 75.
  I think we can make the booth happen.
  Yeah.
  I think also like, how about this?  Just if you like work at a restaurant or a bar in the Los Angeles area or Orlando area,  will you name a booth after us?  Can we have multiple booths at multiple places?  Or design sandwiches.
  Sure.
  That's a good way to get us to show up somewhere.
  Yeah.
  Name a booth after us.
  And, and offer a special of a butter flied.
  Butter flied hot dog.
  Hot dog.
  Yeah.
  Cookies and milk.
  With the side of cookies and milk.
  Note on the menu, prepared in a napkin.
  And then a wet napkin.
  I guess you couldn't do a butterfly that was prepared in a napkin.
  Well, you could have either or.
  You would want to do it after.
  It's complicated.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The Jason one and the Jason two.
  Yeah.
  And this, this is reminding me of the, one of the times my family visited and we're staying,  I guess we were in St.
 Ann at Hilton, but we went to, my dad always wanted to go to  Spago in Beverly Hills and we went and who was walking around shaking hands, but Wolfgang  Puck himself.
  Whoa.
  It was great.
  He was so nice.
  He was so charming.
  Shook our hands, gave every, he's like, Oh, you know, Oh yes, just here.
  Just checking in.
  And he, he gave out like little slices of pizza.
  He gave us some little like a mousse, a mousse bouche sort of thing.
  And it was just a delightful like experience.
  How often do you get to go to like a celebrity chef's restaurant and they're there.
  Yeah.
  And yet we went into the Bubba Gump and the actor who played Bubba Gump was nowhere to  be found.
  No, no.
  What's his name?  Something.
  Yeah.
  Williamson.
  Maybe we'd know who he was if he would put in a little FaceTime and I guess, wait, he  didn't play Bubba Gump.
  He played Bubba.
  Oh, so I'm also calling out Tom Hanks.
  Tom Hanks, you should be at Bubba Gump's far more frequently and the other actor should  be as well.
  They should be at a booth shaking hands.
  They can cover more ground.
  They can do double duty.
  One can go into one room.
  The other can go into the other.
  One can hang out.
  Tom can hang out in the gift shop.
  They can divide and conquer.
  I think you can for sure find Dennis Haskins at that Save by the Bell pop up.
  If I would imagine.
  Well, now that Dimples is gone.
  America's first karaoke bar.
  You know, actually what we forgot to say is that so the reason Telly Savalas was here,  was hanging out at the Sheraton was because he filmed Kojak on the Universal Lot and I  think he lived much further away.
  He was like, let me just start staying up at the hotel because we film late and then  I can just pop back in in the morning.
  He loved it so much.
  I saw an interview where he talks about why he loved hotel living and one of the things  was you know, I come downstairs while the maids go clean up after sloppy Telly.
  I go back in everything's sparkling clean.
  Sloppy Telly.
  I love it so much.
  So he loved it so much he just moved in and in fact raised his children up there.
  He moved his mother several floors up.
  The whole Savalas family was living in the hotel and then one time he's hanging out in  the bar and one of the owners or something is bemoaning the fact that there hasn't been  enough business in the bar lately and how do we drum it up and he says, why don't you  call it Telly's and before you know it, it is officially Telly's bar and then he's walking  around Telly's bar.
  How cool and you could walk up asking to play pool.
  He would play pool and then unfortunately he passed away but you know, but stayed there,  was living there when he passed away and on the third floor outside the door there was  a sign to ward off potential intruders that said no one can enter without permission from  the king.
  So neat.
  Wow.
  Telly Savalas running around.
  They need a new celebrity to live and raise her children there.
  Yeah.
  That's the thing that's missing.
  I don't know who it is.
  Well, I mean, you got Paul with Garland.
  To me, Garland is like TV legend royalty, gregarious guy.
  He's a guy who you can walk up to.
  I feel like your whole relationship formed from him just pointing at you and saying,  you're funny.
  He says, what an inviting man.
  That's true.
  This, if there was ever a person who should just be-  That's a good idea.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's what I would really like if you planned it this way.
  He'll come back on the show and we'll present it to him, I think.
  That he should live.
  We have a plan for him.
  It's an old Hollywood, it's been on an old Hollywood classic, living in a nice hotel.
  Sure.
  But I also would like him to shave his head bald like Telly Savalas.
  So that's probably an aspect of it that he's got to follow.
  We should say-  He's got to crank the drinking way.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh my gosh.
  Get much more unhealthy to make this entire thing work.
  For our younger listeners, Telly Savalas was a TV detective named Kojak.
  He was also Blofeld in On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
  And I believe nominated for an Oscar for his role in The Birdman of Alcatraz.
  Dirty Dozen too.
  Robert Osborn back in action over here.
  One of my neighbors used to work in the gift shop at the Sheraton Universal.
  And I mentioned it too, that I'd been out there at the bar and they were like, you know,  Telly Savalas used to live there.
  And I'm like, yeah, we talked about Telly.
  And I said, did you know any other stars that would come?  And they're like, well, you know, I never even saw him, but everyone knew he was there.
  I never got a chance to meet him.
  But they said, the one that I remember is a guy stayed there and his last name was Toma.
  Do you guys know about the one season TV show Toma?  No.
  No.
  Okay.
  But based on the biography and story of a real life detective who had a 98% conviction  rate, he was like this super cop and he wrote this book and he consulted on like the story  of his life and the show starred, let me see, Tony Mustaine and Susan Strasburg and Tony  Mustaine played David Toma and he said he was only going to do it for one season and  they, they didn't believe him.
  They thought that was like fina, that was him like trying to get more money for the  next season.
  But at the end of the first season, he's like, no, I'm walking and the show was doing well.
  So they're like, well, I guess we got to recast him.
  They recast him with an actor by the name of Robert Blake.
  And then they read the show entirely, got rid of the folk, except main character is  good detective.
  And that became Beretta.
  Whoa.
  And that ran for a number of years.
  And Strasburg, the actress stayed on it.
  I'm not sure if the actor, no, I think they replaced the whole case.
  It was just Toma became Beretta, like same idea.
  It was the same cameraman and makeup person.
  Yeah.
  And same.
  Yeah.
  And then a lot of the writing staff would go on to write episodes of the Rockford files  and at these hotels.
  Yeah.
  And, and, and stuff like that.
  And then later in life, Robert Blake, uh, would go just a few miles away to not murder  his wife at Vitello's Italian restaurant, Vitello's Italian restaurant.
  Yes.
  Located in the beautiful studio city.
  Yes.
  Wow.
  What great.
  So they, so I'm sorry, the actor who played Toma.
  No, the real life Toma.
  The real life Toma whose website says, uh, the website commemorating him is very.
.
.
  Toma stayed at the hotel?  Toma stayed at the hotel.
  But not regularly?  I think while they were filming either the series or the 90 minute movie pilot.
  So wait a minute.
  So you asked if there are any other celebrities that ever stayed at the hotel and Toma was  the.
.
.
  Toma was the only one that my neighbor had remembered meeting.
  That's so interesting that that's the memory.
  There had to be other celebrities.
  Of course there were other celebrities.
  But Toma was the one that left the impression.
  The real life David Toma.
  Did the maids go clean up after sloppy Toma?  Sloppy Toma.
  I also, clearly if Toma had been on the case, Robert Blake wouldn't have gotten away.
  Oh my gosh.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, cause Toma would have been right there too.
  If Toma was still staying at the hotel.
  Do you know that I was there the day that Robert Blake was arrested and taken to prison  because he lived in Hidden Hills, the skated community, uh, very close to where I grew  up in Woodland Hills.
  And my dad picked me up from school one day and was like much more hurried than usual.
  I got in the car and he said, here, get in, get in, get in.
  They're arresting Robert Blake.
  It's happening today.
  And we waited outside of Hidden Hills where the big police presence and helicopters and  stuff and then we watched the car go.
  You watched Robert Blake get taken away?  Taken away from the luxurious skated community Hidden Hills.
  Wow.
  And your dad was just like, I want to see this.
  Yeah.
  Cause my dad in general liked to watch car chases.
  Like if there's ever a car chase there, it's passing by our, and he'd go, we'll go find  any criminal activity.
  And this made it more tantalizing because it was Robert Blake.
  Uh huh.
  Uh huh.
  Any like thought about on the day of the Bronco chase, he was like, do we go to one of the  overpets?  Do we try to catch them?  Uh, well, which that was a big thing in LA in general.
  Like a lot of people, I mean, if you watch the footage, people are heading to those overpasses  and putting up signs and it was definitely, he was doing the math of a wonder.
  Okay.
  So he's heading east.
  How far would we have to go?  Could we intersect?  Yeah.
  That's kind of my, that's kind of, did you ever do anything like that?  Um, did he make a citizen's arrest ever?  No, no, no.
  He, uh, uh, I did go, I did attend the OJ trial one day.
  I forget if I've said that in this bucket.
  I don't think you have said that.
  One day I watched, he took me outside the LA courthouse cause he was a lawyer and he  knew where and when these things happen.
  And we watched Shapiro and Cochran head in for the day.
  Wow.
  Really?  And then the next day after we went to a very dry trial, there was a copyright dispute  between our favorite musicians, Brian Wilson and Mike Love who were suing each other in  1893.
  What a day!  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Honestly, one of my most cherished childhood memories.
  Hey, my goodness.
  And I wore the only, I wore a little suit.
  I had a little green suit.
  Like I, like all of green, like a chair would be made out of.
  So I'm in a little green jacket.
  Like a crushed velvet green suit.
  It was not unlike what the winners of the masters tournament are given.
  I was wearing, I think that's why I liked it.
  I was wearing a master's jacket.
  I was nine years old and I had to see Robert Shapiro and then sit in a boring, there was  just nothing but jargon until like, you know, 17 minutes in the like, and so help me Rhonda  among the other, uh, blah, blah, blah.
  Then anyway, affidavit blah, but the rest of it was just all jargon.
  It looks like we're all a weirdos on this podcast.
  You know what this is making me want to say?  My dad is better than your dad.
  Hey, wait a minute.
  It happened.
  I became a monster.
  No, just cause he wanted to fight crime.
  I just hadn't thought about it for long enough to know my dad's the best dad.
  He took me to see Mike love Sue Brian Wilson.
  I'm trying to think about what else, like staying at both these hotels, which, which  they're both nice.
  I think it's interesting now cause it's very clear.
  Now I think it's very clear as opposed to 10 years ago.
  They seemed much similar to me.
  Now it seems like the Hilton's catering to like families and stuff.
  And the Sheraton is a little more like, yeah, this is cool.
  There's like music in the lobby.
  There's an impressive hip fragrance being pummeled pummeling you.
  This weird, like it's a, it's a study.
  It's kind of like a library came to life after closing, but it smells very fragrant.
  Although when I went to use the bathroom, it's closer to like the, the room always.
  And that has a much more pleasant soothing scent pumped into it.
  But they're really pumping in that hotel.
  It's weird.
  I get, well, I guess not weird, but like it's trying to make up for the fact that there's  no newer hotel there.
  Cause universal in Orlando, they've built newer hotels and hard rock is the hip hotel.
  And even, you know, whatever the Cabana Bay is like a cool retro throw.
  Like, so the eighties hotel has to be like, where the cool, or no, wait, we were saying  the I'm saying the, the one built in the eighties, that tends to be more families.
  Okay.
  So the sixties one is the one now that has to take over a little cooler, but neither  of them are too kid oriented.
  And this is something that I kind of like, cause I feel like as a kid, even I sort of  didn't like when hotels were super cutesy.
  There was something interesting about the feeling of I left all of the cat left Alice  in wonderland and Mickey mouse and everything.
  And now I'm in just this, this dull like bit I'm in Nakatomi Plaza.
  It made me feel more, it made me feel like an adult, especially when my parents started  giving me, getting us our own key cards and stuff.
  Well, I don't, what the thing is, I think with the kiddie hotels is that no one, I'm  assuming nothing we went into and most, I'm sure there's not even a good version of this,  but maybe like Lego land or something.
  All the kiddie hotels probably also felt cheap.
  Yeah.
  Like the kid going to that whatever the star wars hotel is going to be cause they're going  to pump money into it.
  Like that's going to be like amazing.
  So like that type of kid experience, which of course now it's for adults too, but kid  hotels like that, there was a defunct land on the Nickelodeon universe hotel in Orlando,  which looks like a nightmare.
  Yeah.
  I want to vomit at every, every, every picture of that place is just an aesthetic barf.
  Yeah.
  You can't even as a kid, you kind of recognize what like dog shit is sometime, like not all  the time, but like you can feel the detail or you can feel to the child.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's talking down to you.
  Yeah.
  Absolutely.
  And to do it, and it pales in comparison when you're in a fully enveloped themed kids environment  with it's all there's a, but there's a lot of money behind it to then go into a place  with just kind of like a plywood Mickey is super lame.
  Right.
  And you can tell our kids are smart.
  So less kid stuff in these hotels, unless you're going to jack up the theming, unless  it's a fully themed Harry Potter hotel, which is obviously what they should do.
  And I wonder why they're talking about it.
  I'm sure they've been talking about it, but I don't know why they haven't done it.
  It's weird.
  I think it's weird in general that there has not been a third hotel, no hotel built since  bizarre the eighties.
  They are trying to build a gigantic wing onto the Hilton and thank God and the concept art.
  It looks like the old, it still has an epic.
  It looks like the other tower at the contemporary, which I was worried was going to not be the  cool seven.
  Oh yeah.
  But I like that new tower.
  I stayed there.
  Yeah.
  The Bay Lake tower.
  I like it a lot.
  That's and it does feel like the next evolution of the, it feels copacetic with the contemporary  they're trying to build a third hotel.
  The rumors we've heard, but like there's a lot going on and especially Scott, do you  get the universal evolution mailings?  Do you know the neighborhood mailings?  I got letters that were about like how they were changing the freeway.
  Yeah.
  So they, I mean, cause universal is built so close to residential streets and like the  freeways they, whenever they want to do like big work, they have to send out information  about it and present it to the, like the city count or the neighborhood groups and all that  sort of thing.
  And it's changed so much.
  It's because like the, the local NBC affiliate is, is on the universal back lot now as is  like the Telemundo headquarters.
  And there was talk about building apartments on the backlog closer to bar.
  That got scrapped.
  And then there's talk about, yeah, now there's talk about building the Hilton extension.
  Just recently in 2018, there's talk about building a 31 story tower by the Sheraton  and then there's land cleared by the Frankenstein garage that they're like, this is going to  be the third hotel and this is going to be over there as we pointed out, but it's going  to be 75 stories tall.
  If you built, if you build up and then yeah, you'd have to move a lot of earth.
  I mean, the thing with the universal city is you're competing with nature and gravity  because it's a hill.
  It's an earthquake damage.
  It's a, yeah, it's to, I think they're a little bit in a corner and it's interesting  to think about the future of, of, of universal hotels.
  And that kind of seems like a closing point.
  However, I'm going to backtrack instead because there's something more important to talk about,  which is we were getting a bar or we were getting a bar.
  We were at the Sheraton bar and as you mentioned, a lot of music being pumped into the place  and we've been, I've been pointing the finger at you a lot, Jason.
  Now it's moving to Mike.
  All right, bring it on.
  Uh, we didn't even talk about how my waiter owned my ass.
  Yeah.
  Oh, I was going to bring that up at the end of the show.
  Oh yeah.
  And then he said, yeah, you finished your Apple Apple strudel.
  And then he came around and said, so round two.
  Yeah.
  Like it was like, do you want another drink?  Eddie's like, do you want another apple strudel?  And the table just lost it.
  Great timing.
  Very pithy, great pithy delivery.
  I was very impressed.
  Yeah.
  You're not on your podcast game.
  What is this?  A live podcast, the ride here in the Hilton, a very good idea by the way.
  We'll try to make it happen.
  Anyway, so Mike getting owned lots, lots of music being pumped into this bar.
  But it was one particular song where you pointed up as if to the speaker and looked around  like, ah, here we go.
  And the song that you did that for was green days, good riddance time of your life, parentheses  time of your life.
  You that of all the music that was playing, and this was a lot of throwback nineties,  there was songs we were commenting on, but the one that made you go, oh yeah, was time  of your life.
  Yeah.
  Madness.
  What are you talking?  You enjoy the song time of your life?  I mean, look, I was being a little funny, but I mean, the song I think is a good song.
  I think that it's certainly been overplayed and overused over the years.
  It was overplayed two weeks after its release.
  I never, also because I think that was when I was graduating from middle school.
  So it was used at all, any event tangentially related to that, as well as the finale of  Seinfeld.
  The clip show, the Seinfeld clip show, I believe, that preceded the finale.
  I think that I don't put that song on, but when I hear it, I go, oh, there it is.
  You light it up.
  Here we go.
  I liked it.
  It's this.
  Everybody get ready.
  It's time of your life.
  I mean, I wasn't like, I didn't jump out of my seat and pump my fists.
  I think I put one single finger in the air from the couch.
  I think that's what I did.
  But to me, that to me is more reaction than that whatever, that song, whatever, Merit.
  Time of your life.
  Do you also like Vitamin C, Friends Forever?  No.
  Time of your life is my favorite.
  Time of your life is heads and shoulders above Vitamin C.
  I think I disagree.
  I think Time of your Life sucks.
  Really?  It's an awful song.
  I think this is more about you hating Time of your Life than me just putting sort of  innocuously.
  That might be correct.
  I think what I would add on to directly in front of us was also a TV playing HD Telemundo  on mute.
  So that's what if you looked away from the conversation, you could look at it.
  And occasionally the little mute logo would pop up on screen like every two minutes.
  Sure.
  Yes.
  What are you saying about that?  I just thought that was an interesting visual to go along with the audio of time of your  life.
  I liked muted Telemundo far more than Green Day's Time of your Life.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I get it that it's very overplayed, but it's overplayed like Smooth or if Smooth  had come on and we all.
  Smooth is a better song.
  Smooth is a better song and.
  Is Smooth a better song than Good Riddance?  Absolutely.
  Let me think about this.
  Oh my God.
  There's no question.
  Hold on a second here.
  Smooth is cool.
  That's a karaoke jam for me.
  You get the room.
  I don't.
  You would clear the room with a Good Riddance.
  What about Live in La Vida Loca?  Yes.
  Live in La Vida Loca is a good song.
  These are dynamic songs.
  These are fun songs.
  This is our coming of age.
  We made a coming of age movie.
  Even though Smooth is one of the biggest songs of all time, I think culturally Good Riddance  made more of an impact.
  So I wouldn't give the edge to Good Riddance.
  Yeah, it did, but songs that make impact often are shit.
  It depends what we're talking about, though.
  I mean, because a lot, like you can argue there's merit in something that's very popular.
  Smooth is funnier too.
  Oh no, very often.
  And there's nothing that makes me happier than when a very popular thing is very good.
  But I'm just, I like your music taste overall a lot.
  I think we have a lot in common.
  Shots by the Green Day.
  Well, yeah.
  I mean, look, I wasn't, again, when the finger went up, I wasn't saying number one song of  all time.
  I think though I am amused to hear it.
  I do like it.
  I do think Nimrod is a pretty good underrated Green Day album overall.
  That is the album for which that I'm in.
  You were also holding your fluorescent beverage that looked like wiper fluid.
  I honestly thought that's what I was going to get hit for right here, not the Green Day.
  But let's put the drink though.
  Yeah.
  So there's a big menu of drinks and we're, cause I had a Manhattan and maybe just like  a whiskey at the other hotel and then they have a whole list of drinks and I wasn't expecting  them to have fun stuff on this menu.
  I was thinking it was going to be, you know, going to be stuffy, a bunch of brown liquids.
  What am I drinking shit?  Right.
  But they have fun.
  Like, like I have the picture of the menu here and they have stuff like a Hermosa cocktail.
  They have different types of margaritas.
  They have a Bayou zinger.
  They have something called the corpse reviver.
  I mean that's fun.
  Like theme park shit.
  It's a little scary though.
  A little scary.
  I agree.
  Um, but at the top of the menu, they have something called the transformer, which has  to have been added when the ride, I assume this can't be on the menu forever.
  And I didn't know what to order.
  We were trying to decide and I said, well, that's got the most fun name and I, I truly  ingredients.
  It does have, but I, you have to believe me here when I say I did not look at the ingredients.
  I did not think I was in for a Mickey's fun wheel style, multi layered, multicolored cocktail.
  You picked it purely based on the name.
  Purely based on the fact that it was a top and it was a name.
  It's exactly what they want.
  Do you see?  Yeah.
  I've played right into their hand.
  Oh, the Jerry Maguire.
  Yeah.
  I was like, I know the transformers.
  I'm not even that big of a fan of the transformers.
  There's no transformer shit in this apartment.
  If it had been the good riddance time of your life.
  Oh my God.
  I would have gotten, if it was good riddance cocktail, eight of them parentheses time of  your life, I would have gotten it.
  Uh, but transformers.
  So when she came by, I was like, ah, transformers.
  And then I think she like kind of laughed.
  I think she thought that was funny or she like, she was a little judgy of us all night.
  I think she, well, cause we tried to go in Telly's cabana.
  There was a little, oh, they do still name the cabanas after Telly.
  And it was empty and we said, can we sit here?  And they said yes for $150.
  Which I think Scott and I were there years ago and a same similar thing happened.
  Like this place is not packed.
  Why is there a little tinted off area in this bar?  Yeah.
  That's $125.
  What you get is a curtain around you're not even a curtain.
  It's like a bed sheet.
  It's a bed sheet, a white bed sheet, a bed sheet once used by Telly Savalas, hopefully  clean since then.
  And now it's just strung around the table.
  That's also these hotels when it's not busy.
  They're not terribly expensive hotels.
  So you're practically almost at a room if you're paying for that cabana, I feel like.
  We may as well.
  Yeah.
  Well for $150, we should have gotten a room and brought the drinks up there.
  It would have been probably, I mean, there's a few went on hot wire or something.
  You could have probably gotten an express deal.
  That was like $98 from the lobby.
  Yeah.
  You could hotel tonight a room for less than the cabana.
  But the transformer, so the transformer is Pearl Vodka, Beefeater Gin, Cruzan Rum, fresh  squeeze, lemon squeeze, sweet and sour mix, touch of grenadine with a float of DeCouper  Blue Curacao.
  Thank you.
  I can't pronounce any of the words apparently.
  So they brought it and I was delighted because we got ourselves a rainbow cocktail in a tall  glass.
  Yeah.
  It's like candy.
  Blue.
  And I swear I didn't know it was that.
  I knew it was going to be something a little more touristy, sugary, but-  You just gravitate metaphysically to these kinds of drinks.
  But it didn't do you in, right?  Did you feel okay the next day?  No, no, no, no.
  Not like our experience at Howl at the Moon.
  Well, I had like three drinks over six hours and it was like, and this one was very sugary.
  This was a very lightweight.
  This was not a Howl at the Moon trough of liquor, of blue disgusting liquor.
  How'd that end up working out for you?  The Howl at the Moon?  Yeah, our Howl at the Moon experience two days ago.
  Oh yeah.
  Did we not talk about that?  I don't think we did.
  Well, we've had some action packed sectors, so we haven't really done an after-act report.
  God, I can't keep track of anything anymore.
  Oh, it was horrible.
  It was bad.
  Yeah.
  I felt that was like the worst hang.
  I didn't even feel like I was drunk.
  I just had a hangover.
  Because it was just pure syrup.
  It was pure syrup.
  It's really, it's an equivalent to if you just had a bucket of maple syrup, which is  potentially a dinner that Jason would have.
  Jason has had that before.
  Hey, I felt worse.
  I felt worse after the Wetzel skydiving Margaritaville than I did after Howl.
  Oh, that's an interesting sickest in the whole.
  Maybe we'll talk about that tomorrow.
  Yeah.
  What made us the most ill?  That's almost a more important category then.
  Yeah, that's a good category to add.
  Yeah.
  So.
  We'll post a photo of that fun drink though.
  I would recommend that drink.
  Wait, didn't you end up like sleepwalking or something?  Yeah.
  Oh, was that?  Oh, at the Howl at the Moon.
  Didn't you like blackout sleepwalk or something?  The problem is, is that I've been doing this a lot lately and this is a side note is that  I keep, uh, Lindsay has, she insists on blackout curtains that are, that truly keep the room  like completely black.
  So if I wake up at an odd moment in my cycle, in my REM cycle, I will, my brain will start  to invent places that I am.
  Wait, but you've had those curtains for years.
  You told me this story years ago that this happened to you.
  That's it.
  We really should be wrapping up.
  But yes, that is true.
  Uh, but when she had the curtains in her old apartment, she would find me in the corner  of the room in the middle of the night.
  Like the Blair Witch Project.
  She would wake up and I would be standing in the corner and she'd be like, Hey, uh,  what?  And I'd be like, I'm just going to the bathroom.
  I'm just trying to.
  And then cause like, it was so dark in there that I couldn't, you couldn't navigate.
  I couldn't navigate.
  And my brain thought I was still sleeping and this is what happens.
  So my brain, since there's no light whatsoever, starts inventing an area that I'm in.
  You know what I think is happening?  I know this is, this is one of these odd problems.
  You don't even know the source of it.
  You're doing bizarre things that don't track.
  I think it's clear that all this time you were being haunted by the sector keeper.
  He was trying to send you messages.
  Because he knew that this was coming down the pipe.
  Like eventually it was our destiny to meet him and for us to go on this journey.
  It's a good point.
  And for sure that was him haunting you on hell at the moon night because we didn't invite  him.
  So he's too young.
  Too young.
  He couldn't have come, but we should have gone on like in all ages, not gone or not  gone at all.
  We shouldn't ever exclude the sector keeper.
  That's what he was trying to tell us.
  And he's been speaking to you for apparently like a decade.
  So it's kind of like Star Trek 3.
  Or Ant-Man and the Wasp.
  Or like, yes.
  I guess if you want to use something that happened in the last year instead of the last  35 years, which is what we all like to reference more.
  Yeah.
  But I'm going to go back to mine.
  Back to Tally Somolis.
  Bones was possessed by Spock after Spock put his consciousness in him at the end of Wrath  of Khan.
  And he said, remember.
  So that's sort of what's been happening to me.
  I've had a child ghost consciousness inside of me that's been.
  That's exactly it.
  I'm getting it out.
  Yeah.
  Huh.
  What if one of us, you know what would be a bummer to find out is like, what if one  of us like triggered his death?  What if there was some butterfly effect kind of scenario?  I know I didn't as a child in 1994 or five, whenever he was in the closest.
  Yeah.
  I'm not saying that I like went up with a knife and jabbed this kid or something.
  But like, what if some, you know what might've happened?  You know, he died in the fountain and maybe I was in line at Jody Maroney and I was the  one person that made the line a little too long.
  So he said, mommy, mommy, let's go play in the fountains instead.
  And that's when he died.
  Like I don't know.
  I think that might be the case.
  I think we'd maybe looking back, like if we went and looked at photo albums of our whole  lives, we'd see the Sector Keeper constantly in all of them.
  Wow.
  That's very possible.
  Like, huh, that's something to really think about leading into tomorrow's episode.
  Because what happens tomorrow?  I mean, do we, we don't know how this is going to play out.
  We've been assuming the whole time that his spirit gets set free and that things go without  incident.
  But also, I don't know, we're dealing with forces we don't even understand.
  We might find out things about ourselves, about him, about our guests.
  We'll certainly find out things about the parking garages, thankfully.
  Yes.
  There's a lot to that.
  We're telling you right now.
  And you know what?  Let's just hype it, who the guest is.
  Well, the most electrifying man in podcasting entertainment.
  Why do we leave it at that?  Now we don't say who it is.
  Yes.
  You have to get that with those clues.
  Okay, yeah.
  This is the ultimate challenge.
  Yeah.
  Talking garages.
  And a man who's been a coworker, VARs and various guys, could you guess?  So I mean, a lot to look forward to tomorrow.
  A lot of loose ends are going to be wrapped, every single loose end will be perfectly wrapped  up of this dense sprawling Game of Thrones-esque epic that we've been building.
  But before tomorrow, we have to wrap up today.
  And there it is.
  The Sector Stone.
  The Sector 18 stone.
  It is falling.
  What is it?  Is it?  Wait a minute.
  Hey, it's Telly.
  It's Sloppy Telly.
  Sloppy Telly.
  He's shaking like his head.
  And he's smiling real vague.
  There's a little glimmer, a little light is hidden in his dome there.
  He's got a mouthful of sandwich.
  Yeah, he's a little drunk.
  A little wet.
  But like a good drunk.
  But you know what?  He's drinking a Transformer.
  I do feel like that even if we bothered him with that mouthful of sandwich, he'd still  play around a pool with us.
  Yeah.
  I agree.
  He was not one to turn down a game of billiards.
  But the stone is the exact size of a billiards ball.
  So we got to make sure it doesn't land on the table.
  Oh yeah.
  Yep.
  Do you think, sorry, so side note here.
  He was balled and when he would have a cue ball, does anybody go, hey, the ball's like  you are Telly.
  And he'd go like, aha, so funny.
  Do you think that would happen?  I think that's where he might draw a lot.
  Like he would let friends go away.
  Do you beat the shit out of the guy at the pool table if they did that?  Crack the cue in half.
  Stab you down the middle.
  Impale a couple of guys.
  The guy who made the crack and the guys who laughed.
  And then throws everybody out the window.
  They all land in the pool.
  And then he says, that's what happens if you mess with Telly, baby.
  And then everyone would just clap that was in the hotel that didn't get beat up.
  Yeah.
  Great.
  Because they got to see, it was like seeing Kojak live.
  Which would have been a great stunt show for Universal Studios with actual Telly Simulas.
  And he was there.
  Yeah.
  Big missed opportunity.
  That's our plus up of just like the 80s of Universal Studios in general.
  Anyway, I guess we made it.
  We're at the end of the episode.
  I guess it's another turning point of Forks Stuck in the Road.
  I feel like having to wrap this up, it's like time is grabbing us by the wrist and directing  us where to go.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Just like The Keeper.
  It's all tying together as will it all tomorrow.
  All right.
  See you tomorrow for the grand finale.
  Bye.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe  Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at ForeverDogTeam  and liking our page on Facebook.
