 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may contain a high volume  of recently passed kidney stones and our ashes.
  Thankfully, it doesn't contain the Lone Ranger and Tonto.
  Molly Lambert joins us for the wildest topic  in the wilderness.
  It's Big Thunder Mountain on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the podcast about theme parks  hosted by three guys who think it's perfectly normal  to text each other late at night about Imagineer Joe Rhodey.
  I'm one of those guys, Scott Garner,  also Mike Carlson is here.
  I am here, my name's Mike Carlson.
  I initiated, I think what you're talking about.
  It was an idea for when we get Joe Rhodey on the show,  which I cannot reveal because I was so tickled  by my own idea, I would never reveal it  until it actually happens.
  It's great, and I didn't mean to roast  that we were doing that because of course we should,  when we inevitably have our next great Imagineer  on the show, Joe Rhodey, we need to do a lot of fun stuff.
  I was just reacting to, I was falling asleep  and what am I doing?  I'm texting my male friends about Joe Rhodey right now  as I pass out.
  Well, I will bring Jason Sheridan in, Jason Sheridan.
  Yeah, hi.
  I will say this, I was disappointed  in both of your reactions to the idea  because I thought the idea, it was late at night  and I was so happy with myself  and I was waiting for like, oh my God, what a great idea.
  And you guys were like, oh, it was a very  not impolite response, but it was like, oh yeah,  and then a couple ideas and then there were no LOLs written,  there were no ha ha ha's.
  So I was like, oh, maybe it's not as good as I thought it was.
  I was probably asleep.
  I was probably texting you from a dream state.
  It makes a lot of sense that you would be asleep  at midnight.
  Yeah, I'm a real sleepy bitch.
  I had night will kicking in at the time.
  So to even get, I think I texted you one thing back  and it took a lot of energy.
  As will this, if I sound a little bit sick,  that's why, that's just too inside business for you.
  But why not?  Might as well speak my truth, my sick truth.
  Anyway, we will have Joe on, it will be great.
  And this bit is gonna kill, I think.
  Let's tee it up real hard,  but let's also talk about our guest today,  here to help us address one of the big ones,  one of the great rides in Theme Park World  from the podcast Night Call.
  It's Molly Lambert, hello.
  Hey guys, thanks for having me.
  Thanks for coming.
  Absolutely.
  I just wanted to say that as a person who's also  on a podcast with three hosts who text each other  about things late at night,  sometimes from different time zones even,  all the good ideas come right before you fall asleep.
  Right.
  But that's also when you're the least likely  for anyone to respond.
  Right.
  But also when you're the most excited about whatever it is.
  Yes, it makes a lot of sense.
  Like sleeping and I guess, it's lame,  like shower I guess is also the other time.
  Doing a shower is when you think of a good idea.
  But I can't text as easily.
  Yeah, driving too.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's always when you like have it,  it's the least write downable.
  But you have a time zone differential,  so that messes things up, I guess.
  Yeah, we all get it.
  We also just all, we all get excited about things  at different times of the day.
  So we all text, like we'll all just do bursts of text,  but at very different times from each other.
  Okay, so you just have to like marry it all later.
  It just can't all happen live in the moment.
  You might have to put the pause button  on an exciting idea for three hours or so.
  Also sometimes having those three hours,  you're like was that a good idea or was,  I just really drinking a lot of coffee  right around that time.
  Because your brain is reacting to it  as if you said the idea to a person in the room.
  So when you don't immediately get a gratification,  at least mine is, is like you say the joke  or you say the idea and then you're like waiting  for like an immediate response as if you just told a person  and then you don't get it.
  So your brain, even though it knows consciously  like what's going on, there's still part of it  that's like now we wait to find out if I'm good or not.
  I'm like this is the time I'll find out  if I'm real, if I'm a fake or not.
  Do you guys like, oh wait a minute,  I was, I realized, you were not on Twitter anymore.
  I was gonna ask a Twitter question.
  I know, I put Twitter.
  Okay, okay, well congratulations first of all.
  Here's headline number one.
  Thank you, I am very smug about it  and would advise everyone to do it.
  It makes, it made my life better.
  And the number one thing that I did that I now can say  was like a concrete thing I did  because I wasn't on Twitter was I built  a spooky Halloween carnival for my cats  out of cardboard boxes.
  Oh wow.
  That's moved on to healthy activities.
  It was the best thing I've done in just months.
  I was just like, oh wholesome.
  That's like low level imagineering.
  Yeah, low level imagineering.
  Placemaking.
  They could not have been less interested  in the haunted castle.
  Was it made of trash though?  Yeah, yeah.
  Because cats love trash.
  It was made of boxes that are from  things I've gotten from podcasting.
  It sounds perfect.
  I leave those boxes out for them anyway  because they enjoy them.
  But it was like they enjoyed it less  the more effort I put into it.
  I think they were like most excited  when it was just like some flat cardboard  and the more it became a spooky tunnel or something.
  They were like, mm.
  They could smell the desperation.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Yeah.
  Like now I'm not interested.
  Yeah, my cat always like not into like fancy toys  but into an amoeba bag.
  That was always the highlight of my cats.
  The more low tech the better.
  Yeah, cats are just real low tech.
  Let's be honest, you know.
  Cats and dogs, they don't like fancy stuff.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They're salts of the earth.
  Their favorite rides are the walkthroughs.
  Mm-hmm.
  Don't need anything fancy, yeah.
  When you talk about Twitter making your life,  getting off Twitter making your life healthier,  really the only reason I am not now is because,  like is really because not to just kiss  the ass of the audience but truly.
  Go for it, Scott.
  Like podcast the ride has made my Twitter feed  like so much more joyous and fun.
  It really, I feel like I unfollowed a lot of angry,  strident stuff.
  Yeah.
  And followed a lot of people talking about, you know,  gummy bears and whatever.
  Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Pictures of little elephants and rainbows  from Epcot Center in the 80s.
  Now your life is better because of it.
  Theme park Twitter is like Christmas day.
  Well, I've always loved theme park social media.
  I feel like you guys epitomize the best of it.
  I was very excited about the City Walk series.
  Oh, thank you.
  Oh, yes.
  But you grew up in the valley.
  Because I grew up in the valley.
  So I spent my formative years, like my tween years,  going to City Walk a lot just to like go there  because it was a place you could hang out underage,  you know?  Sure, mm-hmm.
  And I am just fascinated and obsessed with it  and so I really enjoyed the like the punishing,  the punishing aspect of it.
  The level of detail and how much did you really wanna go back  into your preteen years?  Well, it's like having been to City Walk  or I feel like this happens at a lot of theme park  and theme park like environments.
  It's like because it's such a high level of immersion  at a certain point, you're like, get me out of here.
  Anything else.
  Well, I feel that way.
  That's what Scott feels, but Jason and I don't have that.
  You don't have that, it never kicks in?  Never.
  What about Las Vegas?  Yes, oh, 100% Vegas.
  Vegas is too much.
  It's too much.
  Okay, see, so you have a point.
  Yes, you're right, that's fair.
  I do have a point and it's Vegas.
  And I love Las Vegas, but like for two days  and then you're like, I have to be away from here.
  I have to smell real air again or I'm gonna die.
  The escape is so thrilling when you need the Vegas.
  The arrival in Vegas is wonderful  and the leaving is perhaps even more wonderful.
  This is why I feel like living in space permanently  will never work.
  Oh, because artificial environments will drive you insane.
  Right, like eventually.
  And I've never been to Disney World,  but I'm a little afraid of it  because I'm a little afraid of Orlando.
  Like one of the things I love about Disneyland  is that you can leave at the end of the day and go home.
  I don't know, you're losing me a little.
  Give us a moment, hang on.
  I had a Disneyland pass.
  I used to, I worked for Disney for a few years  for a corporation that was under Disney and-  Oh, me too.
  Scott too.
  So it was like bought by them.
  Did you have the silver pass?  Yes, I got the silver pass.
  We both had like weird, like we weren't,  we didn't have to be like in the main Disney mechanism.
  Yeah, we got the silver pass.
  I got it for like two years  and it allowed me to get into the park for free  on all the days except the blackout days  and to bring in three guests, which is insane.
  Can you believe that today they're trying to eliminate  like all things like that.
  I feel like we could just bring in,  us knuckleheads could just bring in three other knuckleheads.
  It was like the motivating thing about work to me  was that I could go to Disneyland for free.
  Sure, the thing making you not quit the job.
  Well, but then I had a period where the job kind of was over  but we were sort of like had been laid off  but we're getting paid through the end of our contract.
  So I had the silver pass for a few months  and I went to Disneyland every day, essentially.
  Hell yeah.
  And I like told everybody, I knew,  I was like going increasingly over time,  just like more and more as I was feeling more manic  about like figuring out what to do with my life.
  And then I just was like, tell my friends,  I can go to Disneyland for free,  just tell me when you wanna go and we'll go.
  And so I was like going for the last month,  like a bunch of people realized it was gonna run out  and that now was their chance.
  And I went just like every day for like two weeks.
  Cause I was also like, I have to purge my system  of the desire to go to Disneyland  cause like I'm not gonna be able to do it.
  Like I'm gonna have to pay for it if I wanna go now.
  And that's a whole other experience.
  Did that work?  Did you feel like you got it out?  Did you hit a wall at some point?  That was the thing.
  I like, even by the end, there was like one day  where I was basically just like chaperoning my friend  and her boyfriend and I was like,  I don't wanna be here anymore.
  Like I was like-  It's always fun to be the third at Disney  cause there's so many rides  where you're like in rows of three.
  It was just like I had had it,  like it had been a fun way to hang out  with a lot of friends of mine to be like,  I could take you to Disneyland for free.
  You just have to drive or whatever.
  But this was just, I was sort of like,  you know, there's like a point when you're like,  I would like any food except the food in the theme park.
  I feel, I don't think you feel this, Mike.
  You guys love the theme park, right?  I really don't, I don't think you,  I've never seen you at the moment that I hit  where I'm like, I need a vegetable.
  I need something.
  The vegetable thing is real.
  But you can get a vegetable if you look hard enough.
  That's true.
  It's harder in Florida.
  It's harder, it's a little harder.
  It's getting much better.
  Hard, really hard.
  Formerly at Universal Florida.
  I think they now are, they're getting a little more with the-  What about the big pickle?  That's a vegetable.
  Big pickle.
  Yeah, the big pineapple is good for electrolytes.
  I've actually gone to Disneyland with a friend  who's a vegan and like just knows  what all the vegan things are in Disneyland.
  Yeah, there's websites that like track what food is vegan.
  But pineapple whip is vegan.
  Dough whip is vegan.
  Mm-hmm.
  You know, not so you can get just like a,  just a mango on a stick, slightly scored.
  That's a good snack.
  I think all of that should be a standardized  theme park snack.
  Molly, I have to ask,  because I doubt any other upcoming guests  could be in this position talking about Silver Pass.
  Did you ever go to Disneyland with Bill Simmons?  No, I did not.
  I went, I never went with like coworkers.
  It was like we just all had the,  but like I would run into other people that I worked with.
  Oh, also flexing their Silver Pass.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I remember like running into my coworker,  Jacoby and his wife and like their kids.
  And they were just like,  oh, we just came from California Adventure  and we snuck the wine from California Adventure  into Disneyland and nobody noticed.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  How do you guys feel?  What are you, thermos or what do you-  Like just in the stroller, I believe.
  Oh, interesting.
  Oh, that's smart.
  Oh, that's good.
  I would like to know,  how do you guys feel about the alcohol in Star Wars Land?  Oh, I think we're all on the same page  that we're totally on board for it.
  You're proud?  100%.
  You don't think it's gonna ruin  the family friendly spirit of the park?  No, cause I think they're gonna make people jump  through so many hoops to get it.
  I don't know that that's true.
  I think the waits are gonna be so long  that no one's gonna get back in line for round two.
  I think they're also gonna limit  how many you're gonna be able to order.
  Do you think the way the lines and rides  are designed for Star Wars Land  is like a disaster waiting to happen?  Potentially.
  Yeah, there's not enough capacity,  I think, already for the rides  cause they're not gonna be able to load enough people on  and then it's just gonna, where is everybody gonna go?  That's what I've heard.
  It's gonna back up.
  From mice chat.
  Yeah, are you a mice chat?  Oh, I'm a mice chat.
  You're on mice chat.
  Oh boy, oh boy.
  What else you got?  That's it, that's it.
  Okay, but not Screamscape or anything?  I can't very into it.
  I follow a lot of the Instagrams too.
  I was following a lot of like, haunt Instagrams.
  I do think, I will say real quick about the alcohol,  I think that Star Wars Land starts  just alcohol everywhere in Disneyland.
  I think maybe it takes a couple years to roll out.
  Well, it's always been funny that it's like  in California Adventure but not Disneyland.
  Yeah, it's just.
  But it's the one thing that they could be like,  here's why you have to go to California Adventure.
  Yeah.
  Primarily in the early days.
  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  Oh yeah, in 2001, absolutely.
  Right.
  The main feature.
  But yeah, we've talked a lot about how,  why is it like, no, this would be against Walt's wishes,  but if you go 100 yards away into another place,  then that's fine.
  Walt has no problem with that.
  I feel strongly that you should be able to drink alcohol  on fake Bourbon Street.
  Of course.
  Yeah, certainly.
  It'd be great, and in that new tropical hideaway,  give me a Tiki drink.
  Where's the tropical hideaway?  It's next to the Tiki Room, they're opening it.
  Oh, oh, is that where the bathroom used to be?  No, the bathroom is still there.
  The bathroom's still there.
  They love that secret bathroom, I'm sad that it went away.
  In a Latin's oasis, you're saying?  No, there was like a women's bathroom.
  No, that's still there.
  You're talking about that, that's the one  when you enter the Tiki Room.
  I think so, yeah.
  Yeah, it's still there.
  You sure?  Yeah, preserved.
  I'm pretty sure.
  Is it taking away the secret back access  to the Dole Whip stand?  Where you go pretend you're waiting for the Tiki Room  and get the Dole Whip?  No, that's real.
  Oh, that's smart.
  That's still there.
  Whoa, oh, very good tip.
  But the tip really now is the mobile ordering  for the Dole Whip,  because then it just is ready when you get there,  and you skip the line.
  That's too advanced.
  You and Scott are on the same page about a lot of things.
  I would do the mobile ordering.
  I can't count on my mobile to work in Disneyland in general,  is my feeling about it.
  They have spotty Wi-Fi.
  Yeah, the Wi-Fi is spotty.
  There's just so many people, I think, too.
  Let me clarify, Mike.
  I'm not against mobile ordering,  but I was against figuring it out in that moment  when we were five steps away from the actual line.
  I wanted Scott to mobile order a bangle barbecue,  and he didn't want to hear it.
  It was more irritating to me than just standing in a line.
  Well, all right, next time mobile order.
  Since we were next to a line we were next to.
  We were walking toward.
  We had forward momentum to a line.
  But I have here, back to that tiki thing,  which is if you don't know,  they're putting in kind of like a tiki bar area  facing the final part of the river of the Jungle Cruise,  but what is the point of it if there's not alcohol there?  There's gonna be food and stuff.
  Yeah, snacks and fruit juices and that sort of thing.
  Non-alcoholic drinks.
  But I still think, give us a couple years and maybe.
  Is there booze in Epcot?  Oh yeah.
 Oh my goodness.
  Is that where the California Adventure  Having Booze idea came from?  Is there not booze in Disney World,  but there's booze in Epcot?  Well, there's booze in Disney World now.
  That's also another reason why.
  Oh, there is?  All four of the parks.
  In the Kingdom?  Yeah, all in the Kingdom.
  Was there ever not?  Yeah.
 Yeah, or initially.
  And I think that Paris didn't have it initially,  but they got it very quickly  because that was feedback from Europeans.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They were like, we have to be able to smoke the cigarettes  on It's a Small World.
  And.
 Yeah.
  And feed them to the dolls.
  Our children need cigarettes.
  Maybe I could start bringing us into the topic  of today's show, but one of my now favorite memories  in any park was a beer that I enjoyed in the saloon  in Frontierland in Paris,  having just been on Big Thunder,  or in fact, having gotten off Big Thunder,  but we'll get to that later.
  But having a good draft beer in Frontierland, fantastic.
  Right.
  I think I've said it on the show maybe 10, I don't know,  10 times, how many times?  I said saloon has to have a beer in Frontierland.
  There needs to be tiki drinks in Adventureland.
  There needs to be some sort of space cocktail  in Tomorrowland.
  And then there needs to be maybe wine on Main Street  or like at the, what's it called?  Is it carnation?  Carnation, yeah.
  Yeah, something like that.
  And that's it.
  Yeah, no walk around alcohol.
  Oh sure.
  Yeah, yeah, you do.
  Wait, no walk around alcohol?  Not in Disneyland.
  I'm against walk around alcohol.
  Oh wow, this is strict.
  Really?  Even on Bourbon Street?  Are you genuinely?  Or is that like a good-  I like the stance.
  I like the hard stance.
  What about in the cantina?  You can only have it in the cantina,  can't leave the cantina.
  I think that Disneyland is so,  there'd be too many people carrying booze  as they go through that horrible Adventureland stretch,  which is my favorite part of the park,  but it's the tightest and I don't know, I feel like-  There's no way you expand it, it's very narrow.
  I just feel like I'm gonna get spilled on a lot.
  But maybe that's fake.
  Well, maybe they're gonna make some kind of a cup  that's like has a Darth Vader on it and doesn't spill.
  Probably won't have booze in Vader though.
  It'd have to be like a different character.
  It'd be like a Elsa frozen margarita.
  Or you have to like suck it out of like  the cow type creature like last Jedi.
  Oh yeah, you have to drink it out of the mudder.
  Yeah, you have to milk, if you want that alcohol that badly,  you have to milk it out yourself.
  That is gonna be a drink in Star Wars Land.
  You think so?  I think I've heard Reddit.
  Can you just walk up to it and squeeze it yourself?  I think they like, if you're a fan,  you know that's where it came from,  but I don't think it says like from milked fresh by Luke.
  You don't think it's gonna be scarring children  for a lifetime to see like animatronic utters,  like a cast member squeezing animatronic utters  for a milkshake, a child milkshake?  You don't think they're gonna lead with that?  I think if the milkshake is good,  it wouldn't scar a child too bad,  but no, I don't think that'll probably happen.
  But we'll see.
  They're gonna cook meat on a engine from a pod racer.
  Who knows what they'll do?  Fry up eggs on the top of it?  That's one of the art, the pieces of art.
  Is that right?  There's things frying on what looks  to be a giant pod racer engine.
  Do you guys like Star Wars?  I do like Star Wars.
  Are you excited about Star Wars Land?  Very excited, yeah.
  My take is I only care about Star Wars  because it's affiliated with Star Tours.
  Were it not, the movies themselves,  I wouldn't care about without the words.
  I never liked Star Tours.
  Ah.
  Because I-  That's where you guys break.
  Now I storm out.
  I like animatronics.
  And I was like, this is the beginning of rides  that are just gonna involve video screens.
  Oh.
  But you've got an animatronic right in front of you.
  The best animatronic.
  Not anymore, right?  Or do you still?  Yeah, it's still the C3PO.
  The best animatronic.
  I mean, I think also it made me a little sick  being on the ride.
  Oh, that's okay.
  A little herky-jerk.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Those were originally made as military simulators.
  Of course they were.
  Do you not go on it if you go?  I mean, I will if somebody really wants to,  but personally I feel like Tomorrowland  is my least favorite of the lands.
  And as it has become more of a Star Wars land,  I've become less and less interested in it.
  Although I enjoyed the Star Wars overlay  on Space Mountain just fine.
  I think I went with some Star Wars fans  and they enjoyed it so much that I was like,  this is fine, great, whatever.
  Oh, they convinced you, okay.
  But I also enjoyed the new metal Halloween skull overlay  that everybody else hated.
  I was like, this is great.
  Oh, the Ghost Galaxy?  Yeah.
  Which I think I've never heard it referred to  like that new metal.
  I did see, I saw somebody on Twitter say  that they think Ghost Galaxy is a better overlay  than Nightmare Before Christmas on Imagine.
  Well, Nightmare Before Christmas is a terrible overlay,  which I.
  Oh, whoa, okay.
  Coming in hot.
  Coming in hot with that.
  Let's hear it, let's hear it.
  It lasts too long.
  Agreed.
  Halloween to Christmas.
  When I go to Disneyland during Halloween,  I want classic haunted mansion.
  I don't want fucking Christmas.
  Can I curse on this podcast?  Oh yeah, go ahead.
  I don't want Christmas.
  Sorry, getting very passionate about that.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  It's also just like,  it's not as good as the regular haunted mansion.
  Regular haunted mansion is better, I think.
  I don't, you know, it's actually surprising to me  that there is this,  I feel like I've only recently caught  that there is an anti-Nightmare contingent.
  I like it a lot, and I don't, again,  disparate feelings from movie to ride.
  I don't really care about Nightmare Before Christmas,  the movie.
  I think I enjoy it.
  But I think the overlay is neat.
  I like that it's like jammed on top.
  I love that it seems like he quickly shoved the pumpkin  on top of the busts.
  I like that it's kind of this muted color situation  with like, you know, with bright ribbons haphazardly thrown  all around.
  Like, I think I like that they clash.
  And I like that it changes out.
  All right, the candelabra is zero now.
  And it trades out the familiar elements  of haunted mansion culture in a bit of fun.
  I think I'm just old school.
  I like the original elements better.
  I like that.
  I love like Madame Leota and all that stuff more.
  Yeah, I'm with you.
  As is award winning,  or at least award nominated actor, Ryan Gosling.
  Someone got him.
  Bring Gosling into this argument.
  Gosling agrees with us.
  Where's he on record?  Gosling will totally eat his words  when they ask him to like play Jack Skellington  in a live action.
  That's probably accurate because he'll get to dance.
  I'm not against the overlay entirely.
  I think it is fine.
  I wish it were just for Christmas.
  That's my feeling about it.
  Yeah, unless if it's someone in our Facebook group  presented that, like what if it started November 1st?  I don't disagree.
  That's not, I'll see that one.
  But I think I would miss it if it went away entirely.
  I appreciate how much it pleases  the Goths of Orange County.
  And isn't that really what we're trying to do  is soothe the Goths?  The Tim Burton Goths of Orange County.
  Also in Burbank, a very heavy stronghold,  home of Tim Burton.
  We're in his backyard right now.
  Wait, Tim Burton lives here?  No, he's from Burbank.
  Oh, is he?  Doesn't that explain a lot about him?  That explains so, yeah, that explains a lot.
  He grew up right near Disney, I feel like, in Burbank.
  And I think he speaks of, he felt like Luke  looking up at the two suns.
  He was dreaming of a world beyond this box mundanity.
  If you've never been to Burbank,  it's very just rows of small box houses.
  I have no problem with Burbank.
  But you can see how you'd extrapolate that  into the exaggerated hellish suburbia that he imagined.
  It's a twisted 50s dystopia.
  At least he had a local Burbank landmark dark delicacies  to go to every day, maybe.
  Well, there's always been a weird kind of Goth element,  I feel like, a slightly Goth underbelly.
  Maybe because of the haunted mansion,  people's love of the haunted mansion.
  Not exactly Goth, but David Lynch likes Bob's big boy  and had chilly johns when Peek's the return.
  It's like a David Lynch-y kind of weird,  oh, it used to be the 50s here,  and it kind of feels like it still is, but time has passed.
  And there's a bit, the major thoroughfares in Burbank  have, a lot of them feel like these are all the businesses  that were here in the 50s,  and only half of them are operating.
  And how can it be so expensive to live around here,  but half of the buildings are vacant?  Oh, well, that's Los Angeles for you.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Yeah, well, sometimes it feels like a ghost town,  like an abandoned mining town or something.
  Oh, gee, huh.
  There we go, I found it.
  A little thicker.
 You did it.
  Just a little thicker.
  The type of which can be found in our topic for today,  Big Thunder Mountain Railroad.
  We're doing it.
  One of the big ones, so excited to have you here for it.
  So, I mean, why Big Thunder,  rather than like, it's great.
  It's a great ride.
  I think it's like probably the best integration  of being a roller coaster  and a themed animatronic using ride.
  It's really nice.
  And it's not, as I'm sure we will get into,  there's bizarre backstory that's there  if you feel like looking into it.
  But if you just get on that ride,  if you are a child, if you're an adult  who's not paying any attention,  if you're someone who doesn't speak English,  there is no crazy, laid-on, thick mythology  that it's crucial that you know.
  It's basically just a runaway train.
  It's a runaway, it feels like a theme park ride  that could be in another theme park maybe,  but done so well because it's a Disney park ride.
  That's the real thing about it.
  We've spent a little time at Knotts recently  and talked about Knotts a lot on the podcast.
  I love the ghost town at Knotts, I have to say.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  A real life Westworld.
  Yeah, really.
  I haven't really done the ghost town alive experience.
  I love it, I went last year a couple times to Knotts  and I hadn't been in forever.
  And I was very impressed by Knotts.
  I was like, oh, the ghost town is amazing.
  I just love the way that it operates all day  and then they were printing the newspaper every hour  and I was like, print is alive here, let's all move here.
  This is amazing.
  Do they print?  Yeah, they have, one of the things they have  is like somebody who's the publisher  and every hour they print up the ghost town gazette  that's like, this guy accused this guy of something  and then all day there's the interactive play  with all the people.
  That's their new thing in ghost town.
  Can you as a guest end up in the newspaper?  I don't know.
  I don't know if you can participate in the story,  but I feel like maybe there were some kids  that got to be a gunslinger or something.
  Yeah, oh shit, maybe there's interchangeable elements.
  I like the old west town  and I like the old west rides in Knotsberry Farm  and it feels like maybe that is just sort of like  a pre-existing trope of California theme parks  is you have your old west ride.
  Yeah.
  I think so, it's pretty in the DNA of it, isn't it?  And that's what I was saying is like,  I think Big Thunder advanced,  it feels like those great old west rides at Knots,  but a higher tech next level version of them.
  Yeah, for sure.
  I didn't realize of how much DNA of Disney is at Knots  and it's clear from Frontierland,  you're like, oh, it's just ghost town.
  And it's just, that's clearly where they  were thinking about.
  It was right across the street basically.
  And Disney and Knots were friends  and visited each other's parks and stuff  and would comment on stuff.
  Stole ideas.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  I mean, the precursor to Big Thunder Mountain,  the Mine Train Through Nature's Wonderland  is very close to the Calico Mine Ride at Knots.
  Yeah.
  So that's this area at Disneyland specifically  was like, it was an original opening day attraction.
  I have to be honest, I don't know a ton about  Mine Train Through Nature's Wonderland.
  That's something I need to do a deep dive on  for when we eventually do it.
  But it seems like, this seems like an early case  of an attraction that is like crucial to the DNA  for people who were there in the first five years,  that it was just, they hit a wall.
  They had to take it out.
  It didn't have the capacity.
  It was, and people were probably mad that they took it out  and they had to find a way to do it in such a way.
  I think there's something, I don't know if it's still there  after the Star Wars remodel,  but there was something that was like,  there's like a piece of rock work that has a hole in it  that you sort of just see when you're walking around  in that area.
  It's still there.
  On the other side of the pond,  there's like the tunnel.
  There's like a tunnel to nowhere  and that was apparently part of Mine Train  Through Nature's Wonderland.
  Yeah.
 Oh, gotcha.
  But I think that was just like,  it was like a more low tech version.
  It was like a lot of the stuff that ended up  in Big Thunder Mountain that's sort of the nature  aspect of it, of the like, you're in a cavern.
  And there's colors in the cavern.
  It's the rainbow cavern.
 Yeah, the rainbow cavern.
  Yeah, slack types.
  It's that sort of Disney, it's like nature,  but better than nature.
  Because we painted it with Dayglow.
  We could control this nature.
  There were like spinning rocks on the mine train.
  Oh, there was like a tipping teetering.
  There were like rock effects.
  Yeah, I love all the things in the park  that are like dioramas come to life.
  You know, I love Primeval World.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We haven't talked about that much.
  We were talking on our podcast recently  about people who get their ashes scattered in Disneyland.
  Yes, yeah.
  Oh, we had a big story about that recently.
  It's very illegal.
  Very illegal, but like such a big problem.
  It's a lot.
  And then we were talking about what ride  we would each like to have our ashes scattered in.
  And my cohost Emily said, Primeval World.
  And I was like, that's so indie of you.
  Yeah, that is.
 It's off the beaten path.
  She was like, where would you do it?  I was like, Mr.
 Toad.
  Very edgy.
  That's in hell.
  But then I was like, I don't really mean that.
  I would totally not do Mr.
 Toad.
  And then I was like, what I would really want  is Big Thunder Mountain.
  Oh, sure.
  Where in Big Thunder Mountain?  And then I was like, actually,  I would not like to be like scattered in Disneyland.
  It's all a hypothetical.
  But if I had to.
  But do you guys have strong feelings about?  About where we would be scattered if we were cremated?  I'm trying to think.
  Yeah, like it would have to,  I would probably try to pick like the indie pick.
  Like Primeval is such a good Brian Eno style choice  for talking music.
  Oh, Emily would love that you said that.
  I will relay that back.
  I think I've said that on the show before.
  That's what I know.
  I compared Toad and Peter Pan.
  The underground.
  That the Toad is the best.
  Well, because Toad is, I think,  is the more indie choice of between  what's the better one, Peter Pan or Toad.
  But I argue Peter Pan is technically a better ride.
  Ah, sure.
  But it's a more mainstream choice.
  It's a lot longer also.
  Oh, a lot longer, yeah.
  Always gotta weigh it.
  And I think that's why.
  So you would like to be scattered in Peter Pan,  is what you say?  That's the mainstream choice.
  It was my favorite ride as a kid.
  Very Michael Jackson-y choice of you two.
  It was a creepy choice to me.
  Well, now you say that.
  I wanna be scattered in Peter Pan.
  And I can live forever.
  My ashes will live on the children.
  I want you to dump me on Wendy, John,  and little Michael in the bedroom  right when you come to the start of it.
  This podcast just played as evidence  in a trial in the near.
  Yeah, just dump me on the robots, the kids.
  Is that what pixie dust is?  It's just the ashes of the dead?  Yeah.
  Well, you guys know the creepy thing about Peter Pan.
  There's like a reading of Peter Pan.
  And then he's like a psychopomp who comes to kids' windows  and tells them to jump out the window and then they die.
  Well, no.
  I am not familiar with this at all.
  Oh.
  Go ahead.
  I think he was like maybe one of J.
M.
 Barrie's kids  died or something.
  Oh, and the guy who wrote Mr.
 Toad,  his son was like an itinerant drunk  who kept getting in car accidents and then died.
  Oh, man.
  From like crashing a car.
  He might have just written Mr.
 Toad  to try and process like his.
  Yeah, no, that's a hundred,  because I remember looking it up once to be like,  what the fuck is this ride about?  Like, because it's, see, that ride also feels like  it comes from like British seaside carnivals, you know?  Like that's what I like about that ride is it's like,  this is in the tradition of like dark rides,  earlier era dark rides where you would go to hell  at the end, maybe.
  You know?  A lesson is taught.
  But yeah, that is, that's what it's about, supposedly.
  Interesting.
  And wasn't J.
M.
 Barrie like a morphine addict or a heroin?  Like he had something.
  Maybe to process the death of this kid  that I don't, I can't prove he.
  Mr.
 Toad, the real Mr.
 Toad is based  on a teenage delinquent driver.
  Wow, because I didn't, I was actually just recently  going through other, there's like stop motion Mr.
 Toad.
  He was like a rich kid teenage delinquent driver,  which is why he could keep buying new like motor cars  or whatever.
  And then I think he died by like lying  on some train tracks or something.
  Whoa, like happens to you in the ride.
  Yeah.
  Whoa, that's crazy.
  Do you know if you, like in all the,  I mean I think every iteration of Mr.
 Toad,  like the crazy driving is a big thing.
  And I encourage everyone to go on YouTube  and type in Mr.
 Toad poop poop.
  Because in the stop motion Mr.
 Toad,  and I think in the book too, the thing that he says,  well like it's him imitating the sound of an automobile  is poop poop poop.
  And there's a bunch of videos that are called that,  you get to watch a crazy stop motion character drive around  and say poop over and over.
  Yeah.
 It's a delight.
  Well he's, those cartoons are great too.
  You know the stop motion ones.
  They're very fun.
  Or no, not those, I'm talking about just the regular cartoons.
  Oh sure, yeah, yeah.
  Like we watched this like a year ago and I was like,  these are funny.
 Except for the haunting  wind in the willow song.
  Am I wrong?  Isn't there like a lady singing a scary wind in the willow song?  Maybe.
 I'm not sure.
  Here just to cover where you put in your ashes, Jason.
  Jason, yeah we got to.
  Good question.
  I can go if you need to think.
  Yeah go.
  I gotta be Star Tours obviously.
  And I was trying to think of a place that is not,  that's out of the way of guests  and that wouldn't bother anybody.
  I, nobody would see this.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I don't want anybody choking on my ashes.
  So I would, nobody would know this was there  but my family would know it was there.
  Cause I love that the Ackbars work at Star Tours  is up in the top and if one of them had a coffee mug  and my ashes were in them, it was just like his,  one of the Ackbars bitter coffee while you know,  running maintenance on Star Tours that day.
  That is a good, very well thought out.
  And that keeps you all together too.
  Usually when you scatter ashes, you go everywhere  but this will be all concentrated so if,  it'll be all in one cup.
  Just for one Ackbar to love.
  As long as no maintenance worker ever like picks it up.
  No coffee.
  Yeah, until refurbishment and you get like shop vac'd  cause they forget you're there.
  What's this shit?  What do you got Jason?  So are we saying just Disneyland?  Just borderland?  Oh, anywhere in Themed Park.
  Of course you wanna bury your ashes.
  Well, anywhere in Themed Park,  it would probably be the scenic waterways  of Universal Orlando.
  Wow.
 Beautiful lush greenery.
  Really?  Great walking paths down there.
  In Disneyland in particular,  I think because it is so sweet and pure,  the wishing, the snow white wishing well  off the side of the castle.
  That's a great answer.
  Yeah, again, won't bother anyone.
  They supposedly collect all those dimes  and stuff for charity.
  Oh, you'd go to charity.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Your dishes would be fed to it, poor child.
  That's beautiful.
  He just wants to be next to money.
  I will finally be able to simulate  the Mr.
 Uncle Scrooge diving into.
  The big money bin.
  Oh, oh, oh.
  Getting dressed doesn't have to be complicated.
  Everlane makes it really simple.
  They go to the best ethical factories,  produce premium products,  and then sell them directly to you  without traditional markups.
  Everlane only makes premium essentials  using the finest materials without traditional markups.
  And they tell you their real costs  so you know you're never overpaying.
  Everlane wants you to know what you're paying for and why.
  They're radically transparent about every step  in their process from the materials they use  to the ethical factories they work with.
  Because Everlane sells directly to you,  their prices are 30 to 50% lower  than traditional retailers.
  Everlane's clothes look better,  cost less, and last longer.
  Essentials like their Cotton Crew T-shirt  are exactly what they should be.
  Simple, stylish, and made from quality materials.
  Some things I like at Everlane include the cashmere crew,  the Air Oxford, and the vinyl Weekender bag.
  Everlane's timeless essentials  are just what you're looking for.
  No frills, just quality.
  And right now you can check out our personalized collection  at Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  Plus you'll get free shipping on your first order.
  That's Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  Eee, eee, eee.
  Are you guys Uncle Scrooge heads?  I mean, I wouldn't, that's a bull.
  I wouldn't say that, but I really.
  Now that you've issued the challenge,  how do I become one? I love Uncle Scrooge.
  I love those comics.
  There's like all the good 50s adventure comics.
  Oh, sure.
  That's a blind spot for me.
  I know people like those comics.
  A lot of them were ripped off for Indiana Jones movies,  like Frame for Frame in the second one.
  And the Budget Duck Tales movie is very Indiana Jones-ish.
  I need to get all those collections, but anyway.
  Yeah, those are beautiful collections.
  Is it Banks or?  Carl Barks.
  Carl Barks, yeah.
  Yeah, I have one or the two of the Donald Duck ones.
  Funny you mentioned Indiana Jones  because I read somewhere that the sound effects  from Big Thunder Mountain were repurposed.
  That makes sense.
  For the mine cart in Temple of Doom,  like the mine cart scene.
  That totally makes sense.
  Yeah, back to the ride that we're gonna talk about.
  Yeah, I think it's just,  it's one of the best rides in the park.
  You get the best view of everything.
  Recently, if you do it at night, especially,  it's like such a great ride to do at night.
  Yes.
  Because you're outside for like a large portion of it.
  But then you're also in some things.
  Right, have you ever gotten on the ride at night  and had the fireworks been happening concurrently?  Only once and it was the most amazing thing in the world.
  Yeah, it felt like the end of Mario Kart.
  Oh yeah, very good point.
  And then I really enjoyed doing it recently  because you could see the Star Wars land construction  from the top.
  The last time I did it, that was happening  and I was like, this is great.
  You can see the construction.
  And the fireworks light it up so you can see it a lot,  it wouldn't be lit so well otherwise.
  Yeah, Mike and I were heading down to Comic-Con  and we did that and timed it exactly right  and going around the big curve.
  You're so right about Mario Kart.
  I was coming back from Orange County not that long ago  and I was like, ooh, are we gonna pass Disneyland  during the fireworks show?  And we did and I was so happy.
  That's great.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You can be right there on the five.
  I think that's a big thing to say.
  But a lot of what I love about this ride  is not this detail or that detail.
  It's just the basics of the experience  and one of them for sure is that it's great at night.
  And I think that's a thing that you,  not to be all fuddy-duddy about the screen rides,  but it's definitely why you need a mix  because it's so fun that Matterhorn is different  in the day and the night  and Big Thunder's different in the day and the night  as the park in general can be.
  They really are different experiences  and it's so, I was there last night in fact,  if you can believe it.
  And just walking around through those little lanterns,  there's like the dim lighting there.
  It's wonderful and sparkly and magical.
  It's great and it's interesting  because I wonder how it'll change  with the new passage to Star Wars land being there  because I went there, the last time I went there,  it was like they had just finished rebuilding  that walkway around there.
  To Fantasyland.
  Yeah and it like, it blew my mind  because it was like having a dream  where you like go somewhere you've been before  but it's different.
  You know, I was like, this is so weird.
  Like this wasn't here before.
  They did a great job on it.
  But will it be just destroyed  when it's filled with people like snaking around?  Yeah.
  Disneyland, it's gonna get a little bad  and maybe that's a question for everybody here.
  Do you avoid it for a little bit  or do you just, I'm going all summer.
  I don't care, I'm fighting through it.
  Scott, answer the question for me.
  I know, I know.
  What am I gonna say?  Molly, how do you cope with Star Wars?  I haven't been in a while.
  I would like to go.
  I would probably try to go before Star Wars land happens  because I'm not that interested in it  and I know it's gonna be such a shit show  when it gets going.
  Probably smart.
  See the place intact before all hell breaks loose.
  Jason, is that where your head's at too?  Or do you like?  I'm not sure.
  I mean, look, truthfully, I would love to go down  for some sort of press event  but as we've been told by multiple sources.
  Get your head out of the clouds.
  Don't press your luck, Jason.
  It's hard to get press passes for Disney stuff.
  Yeah, you know where you can get press passes to though?  Knott's Berry Farm.
  Knott's Berry Farm.
  We did it.
  We did it.
  That's how I went to Knott's Berry Farm twice last year.
  Oh really?  It was a press affiliate?  Yeah, we went once.
  I went once because my boyfriend was writing about,  I think, Ghost Town Alive  and then I went to meet Elvira.
  Oh nice.
  Whoa, how'd that go?  Oh, it was amazing  and I'd never been to Scary Farm before  because I'd always been too scared.
  My whole life too.
  Even though it was the number one group date destination  for all the kids.
  Sure.
 Really?  Oh yeah, spooky.
  You can go there underage.
  Many of the theme park things we talk about  involve being able to go there underage.
  But it was great.
  I loved it.
  I didn't do any of the mazes.
  We just walked through the scare zones  and saw the Elvira show  but I liked the scare zones way more  than I thought I was going to,  especially because I'd just been to the park before  so I was like, the ghost town is now a spooky ghost town.
  This is great.
  That seemed to be the most immersive zone  from what we could tell from trying to enter  and leave as fast as humanly possible.
  Just the amount of work  that people put into their characters,  that was very charmed.
  Oh yeah, you can tell  that they all probably have a backstory  if you were to be able to ask them.
  Yeah, you could.
  Right, I don't know if they're allowed to talk about it.
  We were backstage and we could have asked some of them,  we should have done that next time.
  Well, I don't think we knew the level of detail.
  I watched that documentary,  I think it's called Haunters.
  There's a few different documentaries  about people that are obsessed with doing stuff like that  and one of them was about this woman  who works every year at Knott's Scary Farm  as a scare actor  and a lot of them were Halloween widowers basically.
  A lot of people had partners who were like,  I just have to let them go for those that month.
  They're doing their thing.
  But one of the big things was that people would attack you  when you're a scare actor,  they'll punch you accidentally  and so her husband was like,  I just want her to get out of the being on the front lines  and now she works as an actor in the mazes  where she's not one of the people jumping out.
  She plays the scary teacher in the maze or whatever  and her husband was like, thank God.
  Now I don't have to worry about her getting punched  in the face at work.
  Because that would happen regularly.
  Because it happens regularly to people.
  They have the, cause we talked about it,  they have a technique where they come at you from the side  but still I imagine some people just, their arms flail.
  For sure, elbow.
  Yeah.
  A coworker of mine told me he did a very low-fi one  that was like a corn maze  and first guy who jumped out,  he just straight up punched him right in the face.
  It's like pure reflex immediately,  like sorry, sorry, sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, sorry.
  Just a reflex.
  Can't punch Mickey or you will get.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Bored from America.
  You'll get kicked out of the country.
  Well that's what they said, the universal people said,  is like they have figured that if you don't block  someone's path, they'll be frightened but less frightened.
  Like a lizard brain instinct kicks over,  kicks in if you cannot proceed forward.
  But what I found unnerving going through the one maze,  I mustered up the courage to do it nots,  was that when they started scaring the people behind me,  then I would just see something in the periphery moving.
  Once you start to get in the scare mode,  then just you see things in the periphery constantly.
  Because like I did six or seven of the mazes  and now that I'm a big.
  Which Mike is very proud of.
  Now that you're a big boy.
  Now that I'm a big haunt fan and a big boy,  yeah, you start to kind of get the rhythms of all of it  and it's still like, it's not like totally fun  for someone to like surprise you.
  But it's a lot, your brain kind of goes, okay, all right.
  It's like, I don't know, you figure it out.
  You realize they're not gonna stab you for real.
  Yeah, I think that's really, you just need like 20,  for it to happen 20 times and you did not get stabbed.
  Maybe that's bad conditioning though,  in case anyone ever does try to stab you.
  And you're like, oh no, no, I've seen this.
  I know, I'm sorry.
  Like if I was attacked outside of nots.
  Yeah.
  By just an assailant.
  Michael Myers was waiting.
  And I didn't react at all.
  Well, you were recently tracked by a wolf or a coyote.
  That was before.
  Oh, that was before.
  Yeah, well that was a very serious incident  where my dog almost got eaten by a coyote.
  Yeah.
  I don't think your scare training  would affect that in any way.
  No, I would be like.
  It would be equally as bad.
  Like don't worry, he's just gonna come at you from the side  and he's not gonna do anything bad.
  They tell him you can't actually eat an animal.
  Yeah.
  Have you guys done the Rivers of America,  like the Mark Twain thing where you take the boat  around the whole river?  Yeah, oh yeah.
  Yeah?  Not as an episode.
  Oh, I get it.
  But I ride it a lot.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That was shut off for a long time, I feel like,  because of Star Wars Land.
  I feel like.
  Yeah, they were rerouting it.
  Because I feel like, okay, so the old Westland  originally had a very politically incorrect  Native American village component of it.
  Oh, yes, yeah.
  Where Critter Country is today.
  That they moved onto the Rivers of America.
  They didn't just get rid of it.
  Because they never get rid of things in Disneyland,  they just repurpose them.
  Yeah.
  They were like, we'll just put it on over here,  and update it a little bit so it's not as racist.
  But that's back when they had real Native American people  in the park.
  Right.
  Legit doing ceremonies and stuff.
  And you could ride a stagecoach or pack mules,  which I recently found out that pack mules were ornery.
  They did not like the guests.
  Mules are ornery.
  Yeah, mules are not nice.
  They'll spit at you?  Yeah, they would spit at people, they would nip at people.
  Like children riding pack mules.
  I'm sure they kicked, yeah.
  You would have loved the pack mules.
  Because Jason's favorite were the goats  that used to be down in the ranch area.
  I love the goats.
  I was gonna bring those up earlier  when you were talking about getting the nipple milk  from the creature in Star Wars Land.
  And I was like, they used to have goats.
  You could do actual milking.
  You could milk those if you wanted to.
  They had nipples.
  I loved that area too.
  Yeah, I like all the things  where there's some real nature in the park.
  The baby ducks.
  Did you ever, well, no, you didn't go to Disney World.
  Do you know that there was a cow in the Magic Kingdom  called Mini Moo that had a Mickey  that they say was just naturally born with a Mickey ear.
  Oh, sure, naturally.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So they bought her and put her in the park.
  I mean, one of the things I find fascinating  about Disney World is how it's like  it's a Jurassic Park aspect of it.
  It's like surrounded by alligators.
  Yeah.
  And in fact, when they drained the rivers of America  to put in Big Thunder Mountain,  because Big Thunder isn't kind of a different place.
  It's situated differently in all the Magic Kingdoms.
  They have Big Thunder in Disney World?  They do, yeah.
  And it's more to the left of the rivers.
  It's like right alongside the rivers of America.
  So they had to drain it.
  And they also had to move the track of the riverboat  so that it wouldn't scrape the edge  of where they were putting Big Thunder.
  And when they drained the rivers of America in Florida,  they found giant snakes and alligators.
  Oh, of course.
  Living in there that had snuck in, I guess.
  I mean, you're in a swamp.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They're gonna.
  There was an amusement park in New Orleans.
  My boyfriend's from New Orleans.
  And there's this amusement park called Jazzland  that I think then became a Six Flags.
  And we drove out there  because they were shooting Jurassic World there,  my friend had told me.
  So we just drove out to look at it.
  And it was just a theme park  that had been just ravaged by Katrina  and kind of gone back to nature.
  And it was just totally in a swamp.
  And you couldn't go on the land  because there were alligators and snakes everywhere.
  But they had somehow shot part of Jurassic World using it.
  And then my boyfriend's little cousin was like,  oh yeah, yeah, me and my friends snuck in there  and climbed the roller coaster.
  Whoa, really?  Yeah, like nothing bad happened.
  Right.
  You know.
  If you got to the top of a roller coaster  and then got bit by an alligator  and then it made you fall off the roller coaster,  that's a scary series of events.
  Well, I know.
  Yes, that very complicated series of events is scary.
  You get to your last hand up at the top  and then like crunch, munch, and then you fall.
  Aren't there supposedly leeches in the Jungle Cruise?  Real leeches.
  Oh, what?  I have never heard that.
  I've heard that there are real leeches in the Jungle Cruise.
  Why is that?  I've heard there's an island in Bay Lake in Florida,  sort of the main body water by the Magic Kingdom.
  And that has just kind of gone back to nature.
  Oh, I read a thing about that too.
  That's the thing that used to be like  Island of Adventure or something.
  Yeah, there was a lot of birds and exotic animals.
  Right, and then there were these urban explorers  who swam out to it.
  Swam or used a rowboat.
  They swam and they made it there and back  and then later found out that the whole thing  was full of snakes and alligators  and swimming was the worst thing  they could have possibly done.
  But they made it there and then they took photographs  on the island and it just is so Jurassic Park  because it's like a Disney animal park  that the structures are overgrown.
  I feel like they might have turned it  into something else by now.
  No, it's still ending.
  It's still.
  We're talking river?  Discovery Island.
  But river country's a similar thing too.
  Yeah, urban explorers love sneaking in there.
  That is what's so weird about Disney World  that there's enough land there  that you could just forget about things.
  For sure.
  And foreclose things.
  And that there's just alligators everywhere  in the things you forgot about.
  Yeah, which people didn't really,  I mean you'd see them in the water  off the side of the road sometimes for many years  but until that incident where that poor child got eaten,  the early travel brochures and stuff for Disney World  were like stay at these hotels with beaches.
  Swim in this lake.
  Go swimming.
  Go in the water.
  Just filled with animals.
  It is because when we built the lakes,  because they're manmade,  there weren't any alligators in there.
  Right, right, right.
  We just happened to build them in Florida  where there's alligators everywhere.
  It's almost like life finds a way.
  Well thank God there's only imaginary critters  running around Big Thunder Mountain.
  So much, I didn't realize some of them  were part of the Mind, Train Through Nature's one.
  A lot of them are repurposed,  which I guess is a Tony Baxter staple  between Big Thunder Mountain and Splash Mountain,  the repurposing of critters.
  Have you guys done a Splash Mountain episode yet?  Yeah.
 We did, yes.
  Yeah, I mean that,  finding out that those were all repurposed  from other things.
  Sort of almost made it make more sense.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  How is this so expansive?  How are there so many of these around?  Well this is an interesting,  it's the same players involved in the history of this ride  where the ride was eventually done by Tony Baxter,  our hero who we had in our live show  and are still gushing about meeting.
  All coming from seeds of ideas  from an older engineer, Mark Davis,  who designed all of those animatronics  for the thing, the show America Sings.
  And this is a similar situation  where it's Tony Baxter achieving  what was at its core, Mark Davis' idea.
  He wanted to do this ride called Western River Expedition.
  And I don't know a ton about Western River Expedition  except that basically it was like Pirates,  but a boat ride where you do,  you sink and you go and see,  you go see cowboy old west scenes.
  Wasn't there like,  they were gonna do something besides Pirates  for Disney World and then everybody was like,  no, no, give us Pirates.
  That's this.
  Yeah.
  They were like, they've already got Pirates in Florida.
  They want cowboys.
  And people were mad when they went to Disney World  and were like, where are the Pirates?  We want the things from over there.
  So yeah, then they.
  They rushed it in.
  Pirates was open in 73,  two years after Magic Kingdom opened in general.
  And they had, I think they were probably trying  to figure out a way to do all of it.
  Well, can we also do Western River Expedition?  But by then, another problem too,  which is there's no roller coaster.
  And Space Mountain had been fast tracked.
  Pirates cost a lot of money.
  Space Mountain cost a lot of money.
  It became clear we are not gonna be able to do  this expansive multi-ride Western River Expedition area.
  Yeah, so we have to find a way.
  That was supposed to be like a mini land almost.
  So it was gonna be more than just the one.
  Do you think any of those things ended up  in California Adventure and like the national park part?  I don't think so.
  Seeds of some of the ideas seem to be elsewhere.
  Because I love Grizzly Falls, I was gonna say,  which feels like the California Adventure  corollary to Big Thunder Mountain.
  It's like the same ride, but as a water ride.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I don't know if there's anything like directly from,  I know that like the, in France,  there's a lot of frontier land is kind of  loosely called Thunder Mesa, which this thing,  that's like a term from this Western River Expedition thing.
  So that's what you find with a lot of like rides  that don't get built is elements of them fall  into other things, but like not exactly as envisioned.
  Do you guys have a favorite like unbuilt ride?  Yeah.
  There's a lot of those.
  I mean, I really, just because of the spectacle  of the story of the movie and what,  like that it could still be there today,  the unbuilt Dick Tracy's Crime Stoppers  based on the Warren Beatty movie.
  I was just talking about Dick Tracy yesterday.
  You would have been in like a police car with a gun,  zooming around, shooting a criminal.
  So like, and I'm sure the gun part would have been  taken out or downplayed or something as the years went on.
  I think they would have just painted the gun yellow.
  It would have been fine.
  It would be like the Buzz Lightyear.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, or it would have been more cartoon,  but they're probably, I mean,  if they had built that and then eventually like closed it,  there would, we would be reading articles about like,  how dare they remove Dick Tracy's Crime Stopper.
  Anytime something is closed or changed,  there's always the outcry of how dare they.
  Well, mine is in Westcott.
  It's that boat ride in Westcott,  which was the Epcot of the West that never got built.
  And it was like a 45 minute boat ride  that you could get off at multiple places  and it had so many robots and so many like drops.
  So many robots.
  So many robots.
  That's what Tony Baxter says at least.
  So.
  I don't even know.
  I don't know if this, if this had been built,  would it be my favorite thing?  Maybe not.
  It might not have even been that great,  but the name haunts me forever.
  It's so intriguing.
  What almost replaced America Sings,  Plekto's Intergalactic Review.
  I'm not forgetting a word.
  Yeah, what was that?  I'm not sure, but there was some like  alien country bears equivalent.
  Oh wow.
  At least the name Plekto I love.
  The embarrassing stuff they'd like us to forget.
  That's what.
  Plekto's fantastic intergalactic review.
  Everything involving that stage in Tomorrowland  that lowers and comes out.
  Oh yeah.
  Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
  Still going strong.
  Recently.
  Going strong.
  We walked by and the characters from the dog  and the child from Up were there  and they were dancing to Gangnam Style.
  Or no, it was who let the dogs out.
  And then the kid from Up pointed at himself, like me.
  I don't think it was Gangnam Style.
  Didn't it switch to Gangnam Style?  I think you're imagining.
  I don't know.
  I think you're.
  I wouldn't put it past him.
  But I think he hears Gangnam Style wherever he goes.
  He sees people dancing.
  Yeah, I think it was who let the dogs out.
  It was who let the dogs out  and then I think it switched, didn't it?  I could absolutely see.
  There's no way of knowing.
  But yes, Jason Notorious Psyhead.
  Yeah, he loves Psy.
  Are you aware of any stuff that almost got built  or anything that you've heard rumors of?  Now that I ask that question,  I have no, I can't think of anything actually.
  Oh no, I don't, yeah.
  But I just have always felt like they should have built  more dark rides around Beauty and the Beast.
  When they built the Little Mermaid ride,  I was like, good idea, but many years too late  to capitalize on this.
  But I'm like, why don't they have the Frozen ride  in Disney World now that replaced the beloved.
  Malfurion.
  Which also seemed cool because it's like Pirates of the Vikings  which I was like, yeah, yeah, more pirates.
  It's so good.
  We've really not done a full service to Maelstrom  and we will, that's such a big one.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  It's in my top five potentially.
  I love the Maelstrom.
  Maelstrom's in five?  Maybe not, it's not on paper a greatest, but favorite.
  In five?  Because I loved it and a lot of, this reminds me,  Molly, you wrote an article recently about older millennials.
  And I was thinking about that in theme park terms  because as I was reading it, you had a lot of details  in there that I very much related to of,  what was the phrase, too young for Nirvana,  too old for the Strokes.
  Ha, it's not where I land, yeah.
  Which I almost landed, but I was a junior in high school  when that album came out and I was really into the Strokes.
  But I very much related to too young.
  For Nirvana, but I was thinking about the older millennials,  the divide, do young millennials, did something like Maelstrom  hit for them and do young millennials know  who Michael Eisner is?  Like do they give a shit?  That was like our era of Disney for sure.
  I feel like the big ones that opened,  like Splash Mountain is what I remember being,  the event, there's a new ride is opening at Disneyland.
  With all the specials and promotion  in the way that could possibly be.
  Then it broke down all the time when it first opened.
  Oh, they always do.
  Anything new just breaks down for the first year.
  Yeah, it broke down constantly.
  Splash Mountain has always seemed like the weirdest ride  to me that it did get built because it's based  on a property that they wanna bury and not talk about.
  And yet, strangely, was re-released several years prior  to the ride opening to test the waters.
  Did you guys see the PBS documentary about Walt Disney?  It's like American Masters Walt Disney.
  I watched that one.
  It is the greatest documentary because they got license  from the Disney company to show historical stuff,  but it's not a Disney documentary,  so it's not like, oh, fascist.
  It's not like.
  Showing the party line.
  Right, it's about how Walt Disney was a dick  and stole ideas from everybody  and sort of about how he invented tech bro culture,  how he was like, we'll build a campus for our studio  and all the employees will live on campus  and that way they can come to work right away.
  Like Elon Musk, he called people pedos with no proof.
  Well, the reason, there's the rumor as always  that Walt was a big anti-Semite,  but one of the reasons that that was a rumor  was because he basically, he would pay the animators  a lot of money and no women could be animators  and stuff like that.
  So there were a lot of underpaid employees at Disney  who were supposed to just be happy to be working at Disney  and then this animator, I think his name is Art Something,  who invented Goofy, saw a woman pass out in the cafeteria  because she was so overworked and he was like,  oh, you need to pay people a living wage  and then Disney broke with him  and that was when the workers went on strike,  when the animators went on strike,  led by the guy who invented Goofy,  who was also a really cool Jewish guy.
  Oh yeah, that's good.
  Yeah, oddly enough, the Walt Disney Family Museum,  the one that is like daughter made up in San Francisco,  you can see in the Presidio, is pretty thorough  and doesn't really pull pun,  there is like a huge wing of it about that strike.
  It's really amazing in the documentary too  because it's like, and then Walt Disney  never trusted workers again  and isolated himself from everyone.
  Anyway, we thank our new corporate overlords,  Amazon and Netflix for all they do for us.
  We're just happy to work, we don't need those residuals.
  I was gonna say something about communists, but who cares?  Let's get back to Big Thunder.
  I was thinking though, the other thing that's not built  was gonna be back in that Big Thunder area,  I forget the name of it,  it was basically a reverse Tower of Terror  where it was gonna be like a geyser,  oh, called Geyser Mountain.
  Oh yeah.
  And you'd go underground and see people working  and then they'd be like,  luckily the geyser's not going to blow today  and then you'd go down and down and see more  and then all of a sudden the geyser blew  and then you would get shot up,  like the reverse Tower of Terror out of the ground  with water on all sides.
  Cool.
  That might be, I wasn't familiar with that one  before you alerted me to.
  That's rad.
  Well, okay, what do we need to hit about this?  Big Thunder is, I think Tony Becks,  I've heard him talk about this,  it's a lot of kids' first roller coaster,  which I think is kind of cool and important  and then cool that it holds up,  because there's stuff that when you go on it as a kid  and you're like, wow, and then you go on it again  as an adult and you're like, okay, it's fine,  Jason's gonna be upset,  but a Casey Jr.
 is a thing you'd go on,  it's not a thrill ride or anything,  but you can't go on that forever.
  Well, I can.
  Well, I never had it as a child,  because I didn't come out to LA until I was in college.
  You just love to go to the park  and just go straight to the little elephant train.
  I loved it.
  Disney, that was another early, early Disneyland.
  That place was dirty with trains.
  There were just trains everywhere  in the original years of Disneyland.
  Dirty with trains.
  Dirty with trains.
  Putting that.
  Casey Jr.
, mine train through nature's wonderland,  the Disneyland Railroad.
  They're all train nerds.
  There's art of Jason, Jason with dirty with trains  and then in terms of his hands, he's making it train.
  He's tossing trains out.
  Just throwing train cars at unsuspecting children.
  That's a tip, we have to put that on a shirt.
  I guess so.
  Keep adding.
  Make it train, Jason just dressed like Pig Pen.
  Because dirty with trains.
  A dirty, well, I think I'd be in a conductor outfit,  but it's filthy.
  Oh, okay, you're right, that's right, that's better.
  I feel like Pig Pen might wear a conductor outfit.
  Does he wear overalls?  Yeah, it's not dissimilar.
  Yeah, he's getting there.
  Just put the hat on, is it?  So kids, as a kid, kids go on,  the five year olds can go on this if they're tall enough.
  Good first coaster, good, it's thrilling enough.
  Stays a little thrilling as an adult.
  Yeah, it's a perfect, it's a perfect for everybody ride.
  And another thing is, I think that's what we keep finding  about it, it's just, it's there, it's trusty,  it's just always works, you always enjoy it.
  And one thing about it, like.
  It's always a highlight.
  It's always, yeah, it's always, you're always happy  when you get off the thing, and I think part of what,  part of why that is, is like, line, never that bad.
  If you are stuck in the line, it's a fun place  to hang out for a little while.
  Yeah, you're outside, it's better than being in one  of the lines where you're just in, in a tunnel.
  Uh-huh, uh-huh, and it changes and shifts a lot.
  It's not like, I think like box lines,  where you just go this way and that way  and this way and that way can be very oppressive.
  Midway mania, it's like, boy, if you can get a FastPass  for that, that's great.
  But, if you, and if you can get a FastPass for Big Thunder,  it's usually only like an hour away.
  It's not one of those where you, you get the FastPass,  it's nine hours, now your whole day is based around,  at the end of the day, we'll hit Big Thunder.
  You can plug it in between other things very easily.
  It's just, it's, Big Thunder's there, it's there for you.
  It is like the glue that holds Disney together.
  It's like Phil Hartman in the SNL cast or something.
  Like, it's truly like, it's always so dependable.
  That is what I find fascinating, but I told Tony  that that's my low-key favorite ride,  because I realized that after so many years of like,  it's the only one I'm always, I always want to go on it.
  Every ride is great and I will go on any ride at any time,  but like, that's the only one.
  You know, we just did that.
  Let's wait a couple times.
  I happily go on Big Thunder probably every time.
  Yeah, I don't know, there's never been a time  where I've been like, in that Big Thunder.
  I'm always, and this is, Lindsay talks, like she,  she sometimes should be like, we've done it a lot  or something, I'd be like, yeah, but it's great.
  Like, we could do it every time.
  Yeah.
  But I don't know, yeah, I feel like that's, I don't know,  I'm trying to think of another ride, like, and I can't.
  Yeah, I feel like of all the big ones, of the mountains,  and.
  Or maybe you don't go on, you know,  maybe you're with people who like, like,  as Space Mountain's like a little bit much for them,  or I didn't do Splash Mountain for a long time,  or Matterhorn, it's like, ah, it hurts my back or whatever,  and that line's boring.
  There's really no.
  Right, there's no.
 Grievance or limitation.
  It's like not rickety, it's a smooth, wonderful ride.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's like perfect, like, it's also like,  it's like the porridge, it's like, I've said this before,  I've used this before, it's like,  it's the exact right amount of like, it's not too scary,  it's not too intense, but it's also not boring.
  It's also, the line is perfectly, like,  everything about it is actually perfect.
  It's located in like, kind of a centrally part of where,  of Disneyland, like every single aspect of it  is sort of perfect and right in the middle,  like right there, I don't know.
  Yeah.
  I also love at the end when you like, get it off,  and then there's like the little miniature, like, saloon,  and that kind of stuff.
 Oh yeah.
  There's like good stuff to look at  even after the ride is over.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Mike, would you like to discuss the,  what is now in one of those buildings?  Well, yes, it's a.
  Recently added backstory of the attraction  that is a new invention, as far as I can tell,  in the 2010s.
  Let me, yeah, it was, I believe it was added when they added,  cause so, they've done like various things  to the ride over the years.
  And they've added like, you know.
  It was closed for a good what, like two years?  Or 14 months.
  They did a major overhaul at Disneyland  where they changed out the entire track.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And they, but they changed, like they put some effect,  the smoke effect at the end where like the mind blows up.
  Oh right, they added the like the TN,  I remember going on it and being like,  I haven't been on it in a while  cause I do not remember this part.
  Yeah.
  Which by the way, we talk about plus ups on this show.
  That's one of the top plus ups.
  They didn't have to do it, it was a fine ride without,  but now you get a great bang at the end.
  Sometimes it's not working, that's the only bummer,  but lately it's been working every time.
  But I'm always a little nervous when I start going up the hill.
  Were we not gonna get the big fireball at the end?  But when you do, you're so, I like cheer for it every time.
  I put my hands up and cheer.
  It's a great effect.
  And also like I've, Tony Baxter has even talked about  how the ride doesn't have such a great ending.
  That's like the visceral thrill at the end  isn't as satisfying.
  It doesn't feel like, oh, that's the biggest drop  or that's the biggest like.
  The stretch from hill two to three is the most exciting.
  Yes.
  Three to the end is probably the least exciting.
  Right.
  So it does peter out, unfortunately.
  Probably due to limited space.
  Yeah, I think that's what he said.
  There's so many baby animals along the way.
  Right, that's true.
  Well, and the infamous, the goat chewing dynamite.
  Oh, I love the goat chewing dynamite.
  Is a fan favorite.
  Everyone loves the goat.
  And we will do, we've said we'll do an episode  on the Patreon exclusively about the goat.
  How do we, that one, it sounds funny, but can we.
  I don't know, we'll see.
  It's the hat ghost of that ride.
  It's just everyone.
  Oh, the hat box, yeah.
  He's that, well he's the star  in the sense that he's the star, yeah.
  And does everybody know that if you look back at it  for as long as you can, you get a little extra thrill.
  That's the little like web secret.
  It's like just keep your eyes on that goat.
  And then I did it last night  and you do kind of get this extra weird little.
  You're just disorienting.
  You're describing.
  Be getting dizzy, yes.
  You're dizzy, that's what I'm saying, yes.
  That's wonderful.
  I'm just making sure like,  there's not a sound effect cue of like the goat saying like,  see you in hell, like or something that I missed.
  That's when they do the witch overlay on that ride.
  He shits in defiance of you.
  Did you guys watch Sabrina?  I haven't seen Sabrina.
  I haven't yet.
  There's a really good satanic goat in Sabrina, just saying.
  Oh, okay.
  That's fun.
  I'm the person who was a big fan of those comics  and was very excited about there being a show.
  It's pretty good.
  The Archie, original Archie Sabrina.
  Well, like they did a recent kind of like creepy.
  Oh, those, gotcha.
  Yeah, they did like a reboot that was kind of like  an EC horror comic type Sabrina  and the show is very faithful to it.
  Oh, good.
  I love Kieran and Shipka.
  Yeah, I recommend it if you like.
  If you like Ghosts and Satan, you'll enjoy.
  I like the Archie comics family.
  I love them.
  I love the dark Archie comics reboot, the Riverdale.
  I guess that's like.
  Oh yeah, dark horny Archie.
  Who could have predicted that this would be such a hit?  I could have told you.
  The kids always love it.
  This was something, well, Mike and me  and past guests on the show, Marissa Strickland,  were texting about last night,  I found a website that is selling like leather jughead crowns.
  Oh my God.
  A fashion brand selling leather crowns.
  Also, I found this because it was an ad  in the middle of Okay Cupid.
  Like saying, check out this leather crown website.
  It's like, wait.
  But it was targeted at you.
  But it was, I guess.
  I got it just right.
  I saw somebody who was on Halloween  dressed as leather jughead.
  So it's taken off.
  No.
  They looked at your search history and they said.
  They said leather man jughead.
  It's a match.
  Yeah, single man looking for a date.
  It's like the ever world's largest sandwich.
   And they're like, then the computer's like,  I know what to target him.
  I know what crown, leather crown.
  It's only $30.
  They said I would go in three ways with Marissa  if you want it.
  Yeah, but then I have to wear it.
  Yeah.
  I think it could be your thing.
  It's definitely a statement piece.
  What did the pickup artists guys,  you had to have a statement?  Or what was that thing called?  Oh, what did they say?  Peacocking.
  Peacocking.
  Oh yeah.
  They were into hats.
  Yeah, they loved hats.
  They were like, it's a conversation piece.
  People will be forced to talk to you  if you're wearing a leather crown.
  Or you stay very far away from you depending on.
  That's true.
  I was gonna say, if you start getting a lot of dates  because you start wearing a leather crown,  I'll be the most confused  about what's going on with our society,  with our world.
  Jason shared it in his trademark leather crown.
  Michael, did you wanna tell us about a certain.
  Yeah, so they.
  Someone for this round.
  So when they did that renovation,  they added a portrait in, is it the saloon?  It's in the saloon in Florida, it's in the line.
  Oh yeah, right, right, right.
  And they added a painted picture  of a character named Barnabas T.
 Bullion.
  And he looks like Imagineer Tony Baxter.
  He is a.
  Aw, look at that.
  A lot of people, if you Google image Barnabas T.
 Bullion,  a lot of people are putting him side by side,  not just with Tony Baxter, but with Donald Sutherland.
  He looks just like Donald Sutherland.
  The curly, mustachey old man.
  And is the lead antagonist of the Marvel comic  Big Thunder Mountain, the mini series.
  Oh, this is the inserted backstory.
  Yeah, so would you care to read that panel, Jason?  He says, so the lower we go, the richer the vein.
  Wonderful, thank you.
  Here's also a panel where they caught Tony  reading the comic in the same pose drawn  of him reading letters on a tray.
  Oh, let me see that.
  Is this the backstory that links it to the haunted mansion  and other rides in the parks?  Yes, yes.
  So he's a member of a club called  the Society of Explorers and Adventurers,  which is called C, which is nicknamed or shortened to C.
  And there are many other characters that own rides  across all the Disney parks.
  And they've, I don't know who.
  This doesn't count Doc Brown  and the Institute of Future Technology,  does it, the original named ride owner?  I think we could count it.
  Get him into C.
  I think he should be in C.
 C doesn't have to be  a Disney thing only, but he was in C.
  Well, C, hold on, let me get the full list.
  Mary Oceaneer.
  Mary Oceaneer, Harrison High Tower of the Tower.
  What's Mary Oceaneer from?  Well, she has, they just opened up a whole Mary Oceaneer area  in Typhoon Lagoon, I believe.
  And on the cruise ships.
  So it's a new thing to make up a bunch of imaginary bosses  of the rides?  Yes, she's a kind of.
  She's from the Adventurers Club too, I think.
  Yeah, so she's Captain Mary Oceaneer  of Oceaneer Labs and Misfortune Falls.
  And there's all these pictures of them.
  I think she's, I forget who she's based on,  like what, imagineer.
  So Haunted Mansion, Thunder Mountain,  and pirates are supposedly linked in a plot line?  Well, Haunted Mansion, because I believe I sent you also  this in the same conversation,  this is teasing what my bid is,  but I sent you a picture of,  I didn't realize that Hightower is the husband  who was killed in the Haunted Mansion.
  Oh.
  By Constance Hatchaway.
  So Hightower, so there's George,  it's like George Hightower,  who has some relation to Harrison Hightower,  the man who owns the hotel in Tokyo Disney Sea.
  So it's a rich, they're all members of C,  and we need to look and figure out if this is Rhodey,  all of this is Rhodey,  because I don't know who.
  It seems up his alley.
  It seems right up his alley,  because he's at Mr.
 Adventurers Club,  which is where all the members of C would hang out,  members like Lord Henry Mystic,  the man who owns Mystic Manor in Hong Kong Disney,  which is supposedly like the greatest ride ever.
  And which Rhodey was heavily involved in, correct.
  Is that right?  Maybe, maybe.
  I don't know actually.
  But yes, we're making up fake characters  who own all of the rides.
  Sure, right.
  Because there was not enough to just go on the ride.
  Yeah.
  What do you feel about when they try to like  add plot elements to rides that weren't there before?  It all depends, like this stuff is so subtle  that 99.
9% of people don't know or care  about Barnabas T.
 Bullion.
  The proof of Barnabas T.
 Bullion  is a painting of him kind of behind some doors.
  So you can absolutely avoid  the Barnabas T.
 Bullion backstory,  unless you're on a podcast about this.
  It's not in your face.
  Do I love it?  Yes.
  I love it.
  And I want more of it.
  And I want more, I want a show now  about all these characters.
  Has anyone been on Pirates  since they changed the bride auctions?  Yes.
  I think we all went on it together.
  Yeah, I think we've all been on it together.
  I've been told that they changed the redhead into a pirate.
  She is a pirate.
  It could be clean.
  It could make more sense.
  She's like a real, like,  now she's a pirate and they're auctioning off chickens  and she's sort of like, the men want the rum, don't they?  And she's got like a much-  The men want the rum.
  And she's like, it's a real aggressive, like,  because the old redhead people had a lot of affection for  but like didn't have a lot of personality,  didn't say anything really.
  But now I think they're like, she's a fiery pirate and she's-  And we've got merchandise you can buy of it.
  Yeah, you can get your picture with her in the walkway.
  I always liked that because I, as a ginger, like as a kid,  I was very into that scene because they're all like,  we want the redhead, everyone else sucks.
  Sure, representation matters.
  Yeah.
  So you walked out of there feeling like, oh right.
  Well, I think I was also like,  that's one of those parts of the ride.
  You know, there's things in Disneyland rides still  that are like vestiges of something  where you're like, this doesn't seem appropriate anymore  but it's still in the ride, like all of the Jungle Cruise.
  You know?  Sure, sure, yes.
  But it's grandfathered in.
  Right.
  To a certain extent.
  And then so like when they do decide to change things,  you're like, I don't know, is it gonna-  I realize now there's a couple, we just,  this will come out after our Tokyo Disney episode.
  Oh no, I can't tell it because Scott's here, shoot.
  There's a spoiler of something.
  There's a spoiler of something I won't say.
  I'll tell you after the podcast,  but I can't say it because I want you to be surprised  when you get there.
  I could go in the penalty box.
  Do you wanna go in the penalty box?  Go in the, how hard is it to get out  from under that mic stand?  I mean, I don't feel like getting up.
  It's all right, fine, we'll talk about it later.
  But yeah, there's stuff like that in Tokyo Disneyland,  proper, where you're like, oh.
  I bet if you told me I wouldn't give a shit.
  Yeah, this one might not be that big of a deal to you.
  Yeah.
  This one might not be like exciting.
  It's not exciting, it's just I was shocked.
  I'll say it and I'll see if I'm like, how dare you?  It'd be funny, yeah, react really if it's a spoiler  that you care about.
  The men still chase the women on Pirates.
  What the fuck?  Oh, that's interesting.
  I mean, you think they'll ever,  yeah, do you consider that like,  is that like in Japan, it's fine?  I don't, I mean, obviously I think it's the only place  they didn't change it, because in the Pirates famously,  they changed, that people were like,  oh, it's a little unnerving that these men  are chasing these women,  and I wonder why they're chasing them.
  Now there's food.
  Yeah, and then they added food.
  But then they.
  They reversed it.
  Then they just reversed it, so the men or the women  are chasing them with like a rolling pin or something.
  Yes, just much better for gender roles though.
  Very, yes.
  As long as someone's chasing someone,  there's always gotta be chases.
  We've got this circular platform, we're not wasting it.
  Yes, so, but in Japan, it's the exact same as it always was.
  You know what, honestly, I think I would have gone on  and not noticed.
  Oh really?  Yes.
  We were like, oh my God, because we didn't know about,  I didn't know, because they don't have,  they haven't switched the auction scene either,  but then you're like, wait, are the men,  oh my God, it's the same.
  So I mean, I guess maybe it's a cultural thing of like,  hey, right on.
  Um, did you come across the,  are you guys aware of the other Big Thunder character  who has been part of the ride for some time in Florida only?  No.
  Oh no, or maybe, say it.
  I did not, I've never heard this until today.
  There is an animatronic,  I was like, first of all, an animatronic, where?  And there's a couple, there's a guy in a bathtub,  and then there's a guy in a big,  like old, like a caboose or something,  or like an old medicine cart,  and it says rain making, or rain maker on it or something,  and this character's name is Professor Cumulus Isobar.
  Okay, I don't know that.
  He's a man who built a- He's a man who built a-  Cumulus Isobar, but I love him.
  He built, you know, when you see him,  you'll love him again, because guess what?  Top pet mustache.
  And he's a Tony invention.
  It was based on this movie, I don't know,  I forget the full title, but I think it's like Dr.
 Lau.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's Cumulus Isobar.
  Yep, and here's why, I was like,  I've been on this ride in Florida,  why have I never seen this old rain making man?  And it's because you have to look backwards to see him.
  You can see him better on the train circling the park,  but I've never noticed this before.
  But anyway, go to Florida  and go see Professor Cumulus Isobar,  who obviously also will get his own episode.
  He will eventually get a film  and needs to be invited into sea as soon as possible.
  Mm-hmm, he maybe was kicked out of sea.
  There is?  He's a fraud.
  He was in the comics as well.
  Oh, yes, yeah, yeah.
  And he says, do you want me to read his dialogue here?  Absolutely, sure.
  Cause I'd like to.
  All right.
  If there aren't rain clouds filling that sky  this time tomorrow, I'll eat my hat in both my shoes.
  Who needs swamp root?  Indeed.
  Works out of context, too.
  Beautiful words never said.
  I also, like, on Wikipedia lists, like,  the backstory about how, like, the mountain is cursed  or, like, mining the mountain is cursed  and that the, in theory, the trains  just kept running on their own,  even when people abandoned Rainbow Ridge.
  Did you guys come across that?  And how was that conveyed?  Cause it's a ghost town?  Yeah, that it's like a ghost town  and the trains are enchanted  and just never stopped running.
  Is that what we're on?  Are we on a ghost train?  We are on the out of control, like.
  Mine train.
  Which has no conductor.
  Which has no conductor.
  I see.
  Oh, that's interesting.
  But then, I don't know if that is kind of, like,  tweaked now that you end in a town  that seems very populated with, like,  rowdy noises and music and stuff.
  Oh, I thought they were just by ghosts.
  It's a ghost town.
  Yeah, I guess it could be a ghost town, too.
  There's, like, an evil backstory for the Paris one.
  I don't think I know it off, man.
  It says, like, according to, Shoshani, is that right?  Is that a tribe?  I don't know.
  The mountainous island in the middle of the rivers  of the far west is a sacred site,  the resting place of the Thunderbird.
  It is said that those who do not respect the mountain  will bring misfortune and hardship upon them,  a sign of the great spirit bird's wrath.
  It was left well enough alone  by the native people for this reason.
  So that's a real hardcore, like,  it's haunted story for the Paris.
  It's different stories in towns than a lot of them.
  But you know what?  They almost added an entirely other character,  mythology set of characters to this ride.
  If a certain film had been a hit,  they wanted to add animatronics  of the Lone Ranger and Tonto.
  Ooh, aren't we glad it was not.
  Just in case the Johnny Depp stuff  doesn't go anywhere better,  maybe it's good if there are not more  Yeah, come on.
  Johnny Depp animatronics in the park  especially ones where he's portraying races  that are not his race.
  He's one 16th Cherokee, right?  It's like Pocahontas.
  Elizabeth Warren.
  Yeah, thank God this did not occur,  Lone Ranger and Tonto.
  I feel like there was also talk of,  did they do a stunt show or something?  Yeah, I think there was rumors of a stunt show.
  They seemed very confident  that Lone Ranger was gonna work.
  It did not work.
  They were waiting for the big pirates,  new pirates franchise for it.
  Which I feel like every few,  westerns, when Disneyland first opened,  westerns were superhero movies now.
  There was just so many westerns.
  And now I feel like every few years,  a western comes along,  people like it, they move with the True Grit remake,  but there's no big cowboys.
  Do kids still play cowboy?  Like, I don't, I don't know.
  Do kids play cowboys?  You're pitching a lot of ideas for articles today.
  Do kids play, probably.
  You got Westworld now.
  That's our cowboy mythology,  but even that is.
 Children love Westworld.
  Of course, yes.
  All the kids are playing Westworld.
  Children love killer robots.
  That's why they like theme parks.
  Kids are all stripping  and pretending to be malfunctioning robots  and stored in a back room somewhere,  having existential crises.
  I wanna be Jeffrey Wright.
  I wanna be Ed Harris.
  Dips on Fancy Newton.
  Somewhere that is happening.
  Like at least to one set of children.
  Yeah, very precocious.
  But there is, I'm just glad,  I don't mind it staying this way  where there is only one speaking part  on the Big Bear Mountain Railroad.
  And that is of course the man who bids you farewell  before you go on the ride,  who tells you that this year  is the wildest ride in the wilderness.
  Totally fine that that's it.
  That guy is great.
  But outside of Paul Freeh's Ghost Host,  I think one of the best vocal performances  on any of the attractions, so much fun.
  And I think easy to get lost too,  because the voices, you can sometimes miss it  because it's out in open air.
  And sometimes it's easier to not hear that.
  So you have to kind of pay attention  to really enjoy his classic old prospector delivery.
  Does anyone know the voice of this?  I was gonna say, I don't know the voice of this.
  I just found out today, the guy's name is Dal McKennon,  or also called Dallas McKennon.
  Oh, I love it.
  If you look him up, he looks like an old prospector.
  Oh, great.
  Exactly what you want, a prolific voice actor,  but most notably, the laughing hyena in Lady and the Tramp,  which is a hyena laugh that is used in many other things,  including the Crash Bandicoot games.
  So he's like a pretty, when you think hyena,  it might be this guy's laugh.
  He's also Ben Franklin in the American Adventure.
  Oh, wow.
  He is Zeke in Country Bear Jamboree.
  Oh my God, this guy's a legend.
  I should've known this guy.
  And the strangest thing of all,  a voice that's nothing like any of this, he's Gumby.
  He's frickin' Gumby is that guy.
  So next time you hear that prospector,  he's also your old pal Gumby,  who probably you can't remember the exact voice of.
  No, I can't, but.
  Yeah, it's like, hey, pokey.
  It's really odd and kind of sh** and unpleasant.
  I think it's just like that.
  Hey.
 You nailed it.
  We gotta stop the blockheads.
  I'm never gonna watch Gumby again, I guess.
  Now that you know that's what he sounds like.
  Now that I remember, that's kind of what he is.
  They also made a Gumby movie in the 90s,  and they didn't make him cool, like new Chuck E.
 Cheese,  essentially, by its nature, yeah.
  But they didn't update the voice.
  He was just still that.
  I'm a movie now.
  Let me ask a potentially controversial question.
  What is Gumby?  He's a bendy man.
  Yeah, he's just like a little bendy green.
  He's just a bendy man, right, okay.
  He's a living, he's a celery stick.
  Why did you say controversial?  What did you think?  I don't know, I don't know.
  I just, I can't, I never considered.
  I feel like you had something in your head  that you thought baby Gumby is,  and you didn't wanna say it.
  I just never considered what Gumby was before.
  I think maybe you thought it was like.
  I was afraid I was missing it,  and it was right in front of me,  and everyone was gonna go like,  he's a tree, you idiot, like, but no,  he's just a little clay bendy man.
  I see, not controversial, like,  he's like the sign of a cross that bends or something.
  No, no.
  He's one of the Gumbloids, duh.
  Didn't you read the graphic novels?  He's a green clay humanoid.
  All right, self-tortured.
  I sure am, right, right, I'm a humanoid.
  Wanna hang around with me, kids?  Oh, he's horrifying.
  Do we know the name of the character, old prospector?  Does he have a voice? I don't think he's named.
  He doesn't have a voice?  I don't believe so.
  We'll have to add, the next time they shut the ride down,  they'll have to add like, am I a name?  You can see me on the Disney streaming service.
  The first thing that the guy who made Gumby,  Art Cloakie made, was a three-minute student film  called Gumbasia, a clay parody of Fantasia.
  Whoa, wow, Disney connection.
  He started with Fantasia?  He made clay Fantasia.
  Wow, geez.
  A parody, is that right?  It was a parody of it?  It was a parody, a stop-motion clay parody.
  So he was like, what's his name, Steve Odukirk,  who does those thumb parodies?  Yeah.
 Famous movies.
  Just like that thumb guy.
  He's like the thumb guy.
  When are we gonna get Steve Odukirk's thumb universe  into the Disney parks?  They need to stop buying all these expensive properties  and get me Thumb Wars,  fingers edge.
  That feels like, early 2000s,  I could see there being a California adventure attraction  based on Steve Odukirk's thumbs.
  It was short-lived, six months, no one went in it.
  They take you, they're the hosts in your journey  through a ring factory.
  Yeah, right, great.
  Also, if for some reason people don't know  what we're talking about, there's a series.
  I hope enough time has passed that they don't.
  There's a series of directed DVD movies  that are parodies of Star Wars,  and it's called Thumb Wars.
  And it's just all thumbs,  and I've never seen a frame of one of them.
  I've just seen the cases in movie play.
  Thumbtanic, Thumbler's List.
  Right, is there a Thumbler's List?  No, there's not.
  Thumbler's List.
  I don't know, maybe.
  It's a good joke pitch, but also,  maybe Steve was outrageous, I don't know.
  They did all the Holocaust movies.
  Life is Thumbberful.
  Yes, it's good there's not more animatronics  on Big Thunder, though.
  And as I said to Tony, I think part of it that I like it  is that it's you out there,  and I think it's a thing that Tony likes  when he's talking about ride philosophy.
  It's like there's not a lot of robots.
  You're not watching a show.
  The thing is happening to you,  and it feels, the experience feels much more intimate,  for lack of a better word.
  There's something about that.
  I love big robot bear shows, as everyone knows,  but there is something cool about it,  because it's just like you're on this ride,  and it's you, and that's it.
  And I guess also like 20 people.
  And of course, the other thing,  and then I'll try to wrap up my fact brigade,  but I had to say all of these.
  What you do have instead of animatronics is fake rocks.
  Oh, yeah.
  Y'all know we love fake rocks.
  Y'all know.
  This ride's the king of the, fake rocks?  Y'all, where are the kings of fake rock fandom?  This is the king of the fake rock rides.
  Oh, yeah.
  And it's perfect fake rock wise.
  And largely overseen by a guy named Skip Lang,  a name I had not come across before.
  He did most of the rock work that we love so much.
  Tokyo Disney Sea, this guy,  everything in Disneyland Paris.
  He was the on-site field director.
  Wow.
  Of all of the land.
  Like there were people designing these things from afar,  but Skip Lang is on the ground.
  He's building their big thunder.
  He's built, there's like a skull rock there  that's really cool.
  There's rock work in Discoveryland that's real cool.
  He directed the fabrication and painting of rock work,  show set installation, and finishes and facades  of all show related materials.
  That was his job.
  Tree of Life, I think he worked on as well.
  So many of these environments that we love so much,  I think we're overseen by this guy, Skip Lang,  worked in tandem with Tony Baxter,  also a big part of Indiana Jones Adventure.
  And quote from Tony, apparently in 1981,  he and this guy, Tony and Skip,  went to see a sneak preview of Raiders of the Lost Ark  before it came out.
  It was not heavily hyped.
  They didn't know what they were in for.
  They walked out so excited.
  They loved it so much.
  And Tony turned to Skip and said,  can you imagine if we could do something with this?  Wow.
  And then they did.
  They worked together for many years  and so many cool things.
  Big thunder, I think, seemingly, you know,  really the fruits of this Tony Skip relationship.
  Skip passed away two years ago.
  RIP did incredible work.
  We, that feels like, if only he was alive,  because we could have him and talk about  our favorite fake rocks with Skip Lang.
  A full fake rock.
  A two and a half hour episode of fake rocks,  just bringing up fake rocks and being like.
  Especially that Paris one,  the Paris Big Thunder is just so massive.
  And like on an island in the middle of the water  where you start on the shore  and then you go through a tunnel to get to the island,  ride around the, you know, the rock work and everything  on the island and then ride back through another tunnel.
  It's just huge.
  It's a lot more grand,  there's a lot more space than the other ones.
  And as I've said this on the show before,  but really on the true highlight  of my Disneyland Paris visit is that going up  that third lift hill in the tunnel,  the ride suddenly stops.
  And we don't know, we don't know this version.
  We didn't know if that was like part of, you know,  it stops for a second and you watch some explosion happen.
  It just stopped.
  Like, what's this about?  And then it kept going for an uncomfortable amount of time.
  Then the work lights came on,  then an announcement in French,  and we're starting to go, is this it?  Is this the walk off?  Are we the dream of many theme park fans?  And we got it.
  And at that point in the ride,  the furthest point away from land it could possibly be,  we got to walk the entire track backwards.
  I took a lot of video of it.
  I found it today.
  I'll cut it together and do a little thing for Twitter  so you yourself can see inside Big Thunder.
  But like, it was perfectly at dusk  and we're along the rivers there.
  So we're like, it's beautiful sky.
  We're going in and out of tunnels.
  We're seeing, you know, all of the like,  all of the chicken wire and everything.
  And then just like cabinets and boxes  and like people's sign in sheets in French,  all the not magical stuff going on in there.
  And then we walked off.
  Oh my God, that was so cool.
  What an epic walk off experience.
  Went and had the greatest beer in the frontier land,  the tavern, whatever you call it.
  The highlight of Disneyland Paris.
  So if you can make it to Paris,  make the ride shut down at that point  and then get a beer, you too will have a wonderful experience.
  At dusk.
  Exactly at dusk.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Just throw like a penny into the track  and see if you can make it happen yourself.
  This might be too early to start talking plus up.
  I don't know if whatever everyone else has to say,  but I think I've said this before.
  I've tried to figure out on the map, an overhead map,  is there a place where you could put a bar  that overlooks Big Thunder?  Because that's really my plus up as far as the riding.
  I'd love it maybe if the third, whatever,  two to three would be faster or bigger,  but I think it's impossible.
  But is it possible even just for like a five seat bar  where I can drink a beer and watch Big Thunder  and just live in Big Thunder for a little bit?  Maybe if they bring back the SkyTrams.
  Oh, the Skyway?  So like a Skyway would stop overhead on a wire  and you would drink in the Skyway bucket while Big Thunder.
  Like those pedal, those bars that pedal around town.
  Like not LA, but like certain towns,  it's like people sitting on those giant bicycles  that are bars.
  Maybe we just have to add another level to Disneyland.
  They just need to build a whole nother level  that looks down.
 Super exclusive  to look down on the commoners.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
  All right.
 So Sky Disneyland.
  Sky, well, that was the rumor of third park in Tokyo  was Disney Sky.
  Whoa.
 But it didn't come out there.
  It didn't come to, because they're instead,  I think they're just doing an expansion of sea.
  Okay.
 But Disneyland, Disney Sea,  and then Disney Sky was going to be third,  which is very cool.
  How is it going to be in Disney Sky?  Avatar land.
  Oh, of course.
 Yes.
  Because the mountains.
  There's going to be a million movies worth of material.
  Ups flying around.
  Ooh, I love Disney.
  Disney Sky is my favorite part.
  Yeah.
 Then that's your favorite unbuilt thing.
  Yeah, it is now.
  In the hypothetical.
  Molly, do you have any walk-off story?  Like has a ride broken down on you?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, pirates who once had a walk-off.
  Oh, where?  Like right when everything's on fire,  we were stuck there for a long time.
  Wow.
 That's great.
  Yeah.
 I remember thinking like the employees  at the front of the line had to like get in the water  and pull the boats over.
  I was like, man, that sucks for them.
  How far did you get to like walk through  anywhere weird that?  No, but like we went out through an alleyway  where people were like smoking cigarettes on their break  and it was very, you know, very glamorous.
  But did you get close to a robot at all?  Was you were leaving?  As close as I would like to get.
  You didn't get to kiss one or pick their pocket.
  Yeah, that would be,  that's the best part to get walk-off there though.
  I think in the fire or no, no, I guess right before,  not when the town is on fire, when they're just,  I guess the auction scene probably is the best  walk-off area there.
  Yeah, the town was on fire and then it was just like  a long period of like first the lights come on  and like they turn the sound off,  but you can still hear the animatronics like clacking.
  It's very scary.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Nope.
  Broke down next to the giant animatronic snake once  at Indiana Jones.
  That would freak me out.
  That was, were you on the end?  Yeah, I was on the end next to that big old snake.
  I get scared in that room in Indiana Jones  because of the fire effect.
  I'm just like, we shouldn't have fire in this room  around all these like chintzy props.
  Fair concern.
  I went on it last night and I forgot  there was a big flame right there.
  Because it's not always working.
  Sometimes it's like just a light effect  and I'm always like, it could just be a light effect.
  Like maybe this is from an earlier version,  but I think it's very expensive  to run the fire effect obviously.
  I'm disappointed when the fire doesn't happen.
  I think I forgot it was there.
  I did kind of go, oh, whoa.
  Oh, so it happened last night.
  Yeah.
  Because it hadn't happened the last couple times  I was on Indiana Jones  and I'm disappointed when it doesn't go off.
  Huh, huh.
  I think it's such a big part of when you zoom around  and you go, oh, the thing's shooting flames.
  Sure, sure.
  Well, are we winding it down?  Are we doing our final verdicts?  Yeah, I mean, I think this will probably be part one  of our Big Thunder Odyssey over the next 10 years.
  Oh, no, no, no.
  As with all of these.
  Let's talk plus up ideas.
  What do we feel about it?  Is it perfect?  Is there anything that could make this kind of  correct temperature ball of porridge any better?  Cinnamon and sugar to this.
  Oh, you know.
  Perfect.
  It's pretty perfect.
  And here, one more thing before we totally wind it down.
  I totally forgot about a bizarre block of stuff I found.
  For some people, this is beyond just a fun ride.
  There is a real sense of relief  that they get after going on it  because there was a study put out  by the Journal of the American Osteopathic Association  that found, there were a doctor who specializes  in renal calculi, better known as kidney stones.
  That a doctor found that several people had come to him  and said that they were able to pass their kidney stones  successfully having been on Big Thunder Mountain,  including somebody who went on three separate occasions  with three separate stones each time passed them  immediately having been on the ride.
  So with Disney's permission, this guy did a study  where he brought a 3D model of a kidney stone  onto the ride and set it up such that  if it was successful, there would be a simulation  of the pass of the stone.
  It worked just shy of 70% of the time.
  The same model was taken on Space Mountain  and Rock and Roller Coaster 0% of the time.
  It's something special about Big Thunder Mountain.
  So not only a perfect ride, it also saves lives.
  Also home to the coolest piece of Banksy art  for an hour and a half.
  Oh boo.
  Boo to that.
  Yeah, that's a part of, if you haven't seen Exit  through the gift shop where there's like a Banksy prank  happens essentially at Big Thunder Mountain  and if they like put a fake Guantanamo body or something.
  Yeah, and Mr.
 Brainwash records it.
  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  And they escape and there's a whole section  about how the Disney police tried to shake him down.
  Lamest thing, I'm getting over Banksy.
  I don't know what it is.
  Probably because he went after theme parks.
  That's probably why.
  This lame prank at Big Thunder that just freaked  a couple people out and made no point  and also Dismaland was stupid.
  You're just getting over it?  I was a big Banksy kid.
  Man in the 90s.
  Up until.
 Love the strokes.
  Love Banksy.
  Love Brian Eno.
  Yeah, yeah, that's true.
  Yeah, so I mean yes, it's pretty perfect.
  I don't know what else.
  What would you do to it, Jason?  I think I would keep as is.
  Is this the first one  where we're all keeping the ride as is?  I think so.
  Because I don't think we've ever had one  where I'm not like, well, we could do this  or we could add.
  I mean, if they put a bunch of country bears on it,  I wouldn't hate it, but just put those  on Grizzly River Run and make that much more interesting.
  Do you miss the country bears?  Oh, every day.
  Like a past relative, like a beloved uncle who passed.
  They never really goes away.
  They have them in Florida, they have them in Tokyo.
  So look, I've been with them multiple times  in the last two years, but I can't see.
  You know they're somewhere.
  You know they didn't get rid of them.
  They've got to be in a basement somewhere.
  We just have to find them and liberate them.
  I think the Oogie, this could totally be wrong.
  I think the Oogie Boogie on the Nightmare Before Christmas  is like a big L, is the big bear, I think.
  I could be totally wrong about that.
  The guts, you mean.
  We gotta find where they keep the country bears.
  That would be, if you could just with a God computer  know that.
 I just wanna bring one to this apartment,  like leave it here, and you just come downstairs  and find it.
  I mean, I would weep.
  I would weep.
  But of course, you're describing a privilege  that if done in an illegal manner,  it would cause, to get an operating country bear here,  it would cost seven million dollars, something like that.
  That's true.
  But yeah, if any listeners know where the country bears  are being kept.
  Where are the bears?  In Disneyland, let us know.
  I just hope they aren't rusting out in a field somewhere,  like the E.
T.
 Rides botanicus, which we discovered.
  That we found that out in a, or I found out that out  when I worked there, that he was just in a parking lot  without his skin collecting dust.
  I mean, that sounds like an amazing thing to see also.
  It really was.
  I am thankful, but I don't wanna be selfish  and hide botanicas.
  I don't wanna be the only one to get that experience.
  And botanicas shouldn't be slowly dying in a field.
  Right, their liver lips McGraw should not be  sitting out in the sun somewhere, decaying.
  It would be.
  Longs in a museum.
  Yes, thank you.
  So yeah, I don't know, it's perfect, I don't know.
  I guess it's perfect.
  How about, I got one idea.
  What if, same ride, exactly the same.
  So you get your experience intact as you want it.
  But then that saloon where the painting  of Barnabas T.
 Bullion is hanging out.
  Go ahead.
  You get to the very end and now your train stops  and an animatronic of Barnabas T.
 Bullion leans out  and says, hey, you came back empty handed.
  I need more gold, go back in.
  And then he uses the saloon door to kick the train backwards  and then you do the whole thing backwards.
  I thought that you were gonna say,  and then he hands you a beer.
  That's much too pleasant.
  I want him to give me an assignment.
  Here's some incentive.
  You'll get the other half of the beer  when you come back with some Bullion.
  Yes, and then you get to have a beer  with Barnabas T.
 Bullion who by now is not an animatronic  but Tony Baxter in a top hat  and you get to hang out with him and drink a beer.
  Or on other off days, Donald Sutherland.
  Sure.
  It's either or.
  Okay, also maybe an idea on overlay  is the Nightmare Before Christmas big thunder overlay  where Jack has taken over the mine train.
  Perfect, right?  Totally signed off.
  Yeah, makes perfect sense.
  Totally adds up.
  This is, it's honestly true.
  It's, there's not much you could say you wanna do to it.
  It's there, it's trusty, it's reliable.
  The little train that could, no offense to Casey Jr.
  But.
  Fuck Casey Jr.
  All right.
  I like Casey Jr.
  Yeah.
  I'm just trying to get into Jason's skin.
  All the trains are trying to rile it up.
  All the train crazy.
  Make it train.
  Make it train.
  Well, what a wonderful ride, what a wonderful time.
  Molly Lambert, you survived podcast The Ride.
  Yeah, thanks for having me so much.
  Absolutely.
  I'll see you guys at City Walk.
  Yes, any time.
  I feel refreshed, I could go back up there.
  Yeah, you're always there.
  Yeah, yeah, happy to do it.
  Hey, our new thing, we exit, there's a quote Banksy,  we exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Just a night call, everybody check out Night Call,  a podcast about weird stuff.
  Sometimes theme parks.
  Which are weird.
  Well, it seems like it, and you do have this depth  of knowledge and you taught us some stuff today.
  Love Dark Rides.
  Appreciate it.
  We all are united in our love of Dark Rides.
  Oh, jeez, as you should be.
  And I guess people can happily not find you on Twitter.
  Yeah.
  He's happy for you.
  Would it be fun if they tried to look  and then couldn't find you?  Would that give you a satisfaction of like, oh.
  Got away.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Where'd she go?  A Barnabas T.
 Bullion type character.
  She slipped out of my fingers.
  We would be okay though if you reactivated  for like one day to plug the show.
  Cause you get a lot of followers.
  You never know if I come back.
  Old bullion over here.
  You're as greedy.
  Always greedy.
  So you gold nuggets equal subscribers.
  Speaking of which, you can subscribe to our,  their Patreon at, wait, how do you find that?  Why is that you just type in patreon.
com  slash podcast the ride.
  Wonderful.
  You can also follow us on Twitter and Instagram  at podcast the ride.
  Email us at podcasttheride at gmail.
com.
  I think that's it.
  Yeah, all the other stuff.
  We have a Facebook group too.
  Yeah, more Patreon episodes are probably coming soon.
  They have to be.
  We're obligated.
  They will get them.
  Yeah, better be more committed than probably.
  Yeah, but hey, check out all the things.
  We'll see you next time.
  Yeah, bye bye.
  Bye bye.
  Forever.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
