 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast includes harrowing analysis of both hospitality industry wage  increases and an elderly mouse doing a K-pop dance routine.
  Not to mention a white knuckle unveiling of election results that have been publicly available  for three days.
  Today, the Good Boy War Room finds out what the hell is going on in Anaheim.
  This is Podcast The Ride.
  I'm going to podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast that is suddenly deeply invested in  local politics because the story involves sandwiches.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson and Jason Sheridan.
  Hello, my name is Mike Carlson, yes, and I love sandwiches, but not as much as the man  sitting next to me.
  Yes, and I'm Jason Sheridan.
  I have not eaten lunch yet, and that has fired off something in my brain.
  Oh, God, we lost you already.
  I chose the wrong word.
  I triggered you.
  That's okay.
  I think I'll be good.
  I had a slice of wheat toast with Nutella on it.
  Nutella on sale recently.
  Sorry, haters, but a big old jar of Nutella.
  How much was it on sale for?  I think it was how much was it?  Two dollars, two fifty.
  Two fifty off or two fifty.
  Two fifty after we had a dollar cash back.
  Okay, that's all I want.
 Got it.
  Okay, this is as you will hear, we're going to weave a story that relates to the very  recent midterm elections that does, in essence, emanate out from a sandwich restaurant.
  We're very excited to do this this highly topical, this politically charged episode  of podcast right titled What the Hell is Going On in Anaheim?  A question that we've had for a while and we're going to try to answer it here, although  the election sort of changes what might be going on in Anaheim.
  But before we get into that, I should mention, as always, the Patreon, the second gate, is  open and this week there's a new episode entirely dedicated to our good friend, hashtag Botanicus.
  Anything we'd like to plug, especially?  It's about 90 minutes of a deep dive into the secondary characters of the ET universe.
  As long as the episode that we did about the ET adventure, the entire ride, our first episode,  we've now equaled that length just about a single character.
  Yeah, we've gotten much better at podcasting.
  So you can basically pay five dollars a month.
  We have three extra bonus episodes.
  We did Disney Quest and now the second episode in November is Botanicus.
  We've announced third is Club 33.
  We're going to talk about our visit there.
  So yeah, if you want to hear all about the flop, gloppel and Senator Gribbleebs, the  other, the ET Senator and the third Star Wars prequel, please go over to patreon.
com.
  When I say it out loud, it sounds bad, but it's so good.
  And there's a strong episode, I feel.
  I feel really good.
  I was very pleased with it.
  It starts out with Jason eating a protein bar and.
  Oh yeah, more information about you haggling.
  Yes.
  Oh yeah, the protein bar incident.
  There's a great haggling story.
  There's a great time where we stop in the middle because it seems like you're taking  selfies during our record.
  So yeah, go ahead over there.
  Patreon.
com.
  That you can see on our Twitter.
  Slash podcast.
  You'll also learn about the book sequel to ET where ET helps Elliot make time with a  girl.
  Make time.
  Make time.
  Oh yeah.
  Or neck, whatever the wholesome old timey ways of saying that sort of thing are.
  And also where Elliot's phrase for his brother penis breath is put in ET's mouth.
  And I was thinking about that since we recorded it.
  And ET does not hear Elliot call his brother penis breath.
  Oh yeah.
  I think that's before he lands.
  And I think that's just like a one time insult.
  I don't believe, unless it's all off screen, that Elliot is constantly referring to his  brother's penis breath.
  Yeah, that's a good point.
  As will maybe be revealed, I could email somebody special to ask him about that question, but  I won't say who I'm talking about.
  And then I guess the last tease I have for this paywall episode of Botanicus is that  who is a mysterious new character that has been created?  Who is Potanicush?  That's all I'll say.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We'll leave it at that.
  Who is Potanicush?  You'll have to enter the second gate to find out.
  So go to patreon.
com slash podcast the ride and purchase your Patreon park hopper today.
  Yeah.
  Look, the holidays are coming up, lots of travel time.
  You need some more podcast content to enjoy on cars, planes, trains, automobiles.
  I like that you added that extra sell because it was like, well, if they weren't completely  invested in hearing about Botanicus, it was like, I do have a long car ride coming up  and I really should.
  You know, you got to look to the future, right?  That's true, you do.
  You know, we all engaged in an event this week that I would describe as being akin to  a long car ride.
  A major event in the world of Disney that in fact is on in the background as we record  this T-vode.
  I'm talking about Mickey Mouse's 90th birthday celebration.
  And before we get into the local politics of Anaheim, I feel like everything's happening  under the shadow of Mickey's 90th.
  And Jason and I were, I think Mike was not watching it live, eschewing your duties as  a journalist.
  Yeah, that's true.
  But doing a routine all three of us fall into where two of us are very active on a group  of people.
  One is sitting on the couch and one is clearly at the movies or driving or in the shower  and totally not engaged.
  Honestly, I may have been sitting on this couch watching something else.
  How likely?  I mean, we were sitting watching something, I think, and I was like, oh, they're watching  the Mickey special.
  Okay, well, I'll get to this later.
  And then also part of me was like, I don't want any spoilers, but I didn't get to watch  this.
  I'm watching a lot of it now for the first time and now I'm watching it with the sound  off.
  So yeah, I'd like to say that I put on this special 100% because I saw a silent clip go  by on Twitter in which Mickey Mouse with the fully articulated head that smiles and talks  and blinks that Mickey Mouse was playing the drums.
  And so in that regard, I was not disappointed because he sure did play the drums and I was  oddly little kid tickled by seeing a cartoon character play a real set of drums.
  If he'd just been pantomiming, nothing, but knowing you could see he was hitting every  tom and every cymbal and I really enjoyed that.
  Mickey plays the drums in several different theme parks.
  Disneyland specifically first, he plays at the end of there's the one parade, I forget  what it is in Disneyland, where Mickey is on the end of the float and he's just going  nuts on the drums and it's my favorite thing.
  And I don't know, they haven't done it in a while.
  But it was a parade.
  I'm trying to think.
  It's not soundstational.
  Soundstational was the Pixar one?  No, Soundstational was the one in Florida, I think it was the afternoon parade.
  I don't know about that.
  Maybe it was out here too.
  The Pixar play parade is the one you're 5, 4, 3, 2, fun.
  No human being could possibly keep all these parades straight in Disneyland.
  It is the Soundstational parade.
  It's coming back.
  It's coming back, it's coming back, it's Soundstational and the big finale of it is Mickey standing  up playing the drums and he's doing it, he's not pantomiming it and I have so many videos  from the years of being like giggling under my breath and I'm like, Mickey's playing the  drums.
  It's coming back.
  That is exactly where I was laughing in a gleeful, it just tickled me on this bass level.
  I'm with you, this is as pure as I can get.
  It's happening again, Agent Cooper, it's coming back.
  I tuned in to see Mickey play the drums and in order to get to that I had to wade through  a lot of other stuff.
  I have this whole thing where sometimes I'm watching entertainment that has celebrities  that I've never heard of and sometimes people say, well this is because you are old and  you just don't know who the hip new celebrities are and other times I feel I am being gaslit  and these people are not actually that famous and there was a time, there's an 80s, obviously,  okay, I'm always going back to 80s things, but there was a 1988 Mickey birthday special  where he goes to cheers and family ties and he's hanging around with Felicia Ristrad and  celebrities.
  I don't know who so many of the people in this special way, am I wrong or am I just  kicking and flailing and denying that I am old, but I don't like, look who's on right  now.
  This is NTC 127 and it's their first live performance of an English language song.
  They're a K-pop band.
  They're a K-pop band with about a dozen members and as I said in our group text, these swanky  words of ensembles always make me nervous because I have read articles similar to, they  operate similar to like Menudo did where like you have aged out, it is time for a new member  and they will swat in people and now Mickey's dancing with them now.
  Holy shit.
  This is your first time seeing this?  I'm just seeing the whole special for the first time.
  I know he danced earlier and I loved it and now he's back out.
  Here's what's, I will go right back to your question in a second.
  I had tickets to this show and each segment that comes on, I'm a little more regretful  that I didn't go because I asked my sister, I got tickets.
  I just signed up for them like any normal human.
  Then they said, you know, it's taping down by USC, which is like, if you live up in Burbank,  it's like, I gotta go all the way down there.
  Was it the shrine?  Yes.
  And then it's like, you gotta be there too.
  It doesn't start till seven, but you gotta be there at two and you gotta check in and  you gotta dress up.
  Oh yeah.
  I did that same, like that level of amount of time for the, in order to be a seat filler  at the 2005 MTV movie awards.
  And it was kind of a big hassle.
  Although my girlfriend at the time got to shake peak Lindsay Lohan's hand.
  So that was sick.
  The whole cast of Mean Girls accepted an award together.
  So actually, you know, maybe it was worth it.
  It was good.
  But it was many, many hours and kind of a pain in the ass.
  Yes.
  By and large, if you've never been to a television show taping, the word to call it would be  interminable.
  Right?  That's how you say that word.
  I think that's right.
  The worst.
  Except for the old, I'll speak up for my friends at the Conan show.
  They made that a pretty like tight, fun experience.
  I was always pleased.
  Like if I had friends who came to visit, it was like, oh, that was good.
  We weren't waiting around for hours and hours and there's no retakes and there's no, but  you could tell this Mickey thing from miles away.
  It must have been the most tedious event.
  Late night shows, because they're so timed out and structured, tend to be quicker.
  Sitcom tapings tend to be hell because it's like you go to see a play and if a scene in  a play didn't go well, you'll just see that scene again and again and again until someone  is happy with how that scene went.
  And then you end up like, you know, 11 hours in.
  It's like, all right, round two of pizza.
  Yeah, pass them down.
  Get them all the way down to your neighbor.
  Ensure you get a single slice of Little Caesars and your single bottle of water.
  Although, as you said that, did you have that thing trigger in your brain again?  A little bit, because I am a Little Caesars fan.
  Let's count the food references.
  Our Little Caesar.
  So yeah, so anyway, I basically I was like, you know what, this is going to be a big slog.
  And then I was worried because we watched that Disneyland special a few years ago, which  was like the anniversary of Disneyland.
  And I don't think there was barely any Disneyland in it.
  It was just a really shallow, like, look at the movies and TV that we have.
  And it was nothing about the park.
  So I was like, there's that maybe there's barely any Mickey stuff in this.
  But now I'm seeing it.
  Mickey has danced twice already.
  He's played the drums once and I'm really feeling like we should have gone.
  That's all pretty good.
  But again, like so much of it was a slog.
  I mean, I'm just going to like leaf through what we were texting each other.
  I like Jason's texts.
  I don't know of themselves.
  Mickey has made his grand entrance and now is doing a dance number to I Can Make Your  Hands Clap.
  All right.
  That was great.
  I'll say this.
  I saw it.
  It was great.
  I liked it.
  All of the dancers were very good.
  They were very good.
  And the singers, anyone singing, the singers were good.
  Although the implications of Meghan Trainor singing You've Got a Friend in Me to her father  with her father playing piano and then the West L.
A.
  Children's Choir backing her up.
  Like that was a very odd combination.
  What do you mean?  And her father was not like a muse.
  I was looking up who is Meghan Trainor's dad, because I thought it might be a clue as to  why Meghan Trainor has been foisted upon us.
  Like, oh, is he he's like a Clive Davis.
  But no, he's like a Halliburton.
  I think he's not really any.
  I think what is there are parents like both dentists or something or there?  Or jewelers.
  Meghan Trainor's parents are both jewelers.
  That's not nothing.
  Yeah, that's money, I guess.
  She could be Clive Davis's jewel.
  Like they could be Clive Davis's jeweler.
  You got to wonder if it's something like that.
  No offense to anyone who enjoys the music of Meghan Trainor.
  I do not.
  And I don't understand why she sings like You've Got a Friend in Me.
  Like you are the whitest, the whitest, whitest person.
  Why? Where did all these extra vowels in your singing come from?  Not a fan.
  I was just writing down quotes.
  Also, some of the copy in this special copy is incredible.
  Very strange, such as Mickey was dreamed up by Walt Disney,  an American man from the Midwest.
  It truly sounds like a five paragraph essay a high schooler wrote.
  I did see that.
  The Wester's defines Mickey Mouse as.
  It was all well, the whole thing was filler.
  And then it was that other bizarre copy.
  There was something.
  Oh, describing Mickey Mouse as a round faced cartoon character.
  Who described him that way?  Or is that in the narration somewhere?  That was it was either Sarah Highland or Kristen Bell.
  Like this special was written by they made the K-pop band  write it and then translate it into English.
  This is all like bizarre, the most base English I've ever heard.
  Well, and someone described like all the forms Mickey takes of like  and they show like, you know, a toaster toaster that looks like Mickey.
  TV that looks like Mickey.
  My favorite was or sent down the runway in the form of a handbag.
  And then as it right, they said that a fashion show happened  very quickly while Al City started to play the Al City song  from the end of Wreck-It Ralph that was tweaked for the paint the night parade.
  Like, when will I see you again?  Oh, oh, oh, oh, that one.
  Yeah.
 OK, so that is weird.
  That's coming up.
 I have I have that to look forward to.
  You get a fashion show and then they interview, you know, Annie Lebowitz  and like various fashion people about why Mickey is a fashion icon.
  And it's simplicity of design.
  And they show you circles being formed with a compass and all this bullshit.
  He is a round faced cartoon character.
  My favorite back and forth we had was I may.
  Oh, there's a warning on the screen.
  Meghan Trainor in three minutes.
  I think I needed that warning.
 Thank you.
  I texted a great for that was commercial.
  The narrator said, Josh Gad coming up.
  And I texted that.
  And Scott, you said always a good sentence.
  Anytime you've got Josh Gad in your.
  You'll be glad for Gad.
  I don't very, very bizarre thing.
  And then like also this probably the weirdest thing was this assertion  that like because Mickey dreamed Mickey's indomitable spirit,  open the doors to so many creative avenues  and then essentially asserting that without Mickey, there would be no  Star Wars and eventually or no Black Panther.
  Like, OK, I know Disney owns these things now, but Mickey did not.
  How what chart could you draw to where Mickey leads directly to Black Panther?  Extremely bizarre.
  Yeah, that is very bizarre.
  That Kirby buried again.
  Yeah, there's a weird I mean, all these corporations that rewrite their history.
  But this is particularly bizarre because they're making it like Mickey was a real  person that trailblazed for Black Panther.
  Like the narrative.
  He found spare time in his full time duties as a fashion icon.
  Right.
 To pioneer, to invent Black Panther.
  You also here's what I think is that, you know, I mean, there's there.
  I guess there's impressive celebrities who appear on stage like Kristen Bell  and Josh Gad, they're very famous people.
  The Goldbergs actress is on right now.
  I think they just had was it Lamar Odom?  One of the Hamilton actors.
 Lamar Odom.
  Is that? Oh, no.
 Lamar Odom is a basketball player.
  Yes.
 Ah, what is the name?  But then you then you have to sit through a lot of like  owned in like Neil Patrick Harris didn't come.
  He just sent in a video.
 Right.
  And then this really rushed appearance by  a bit the crown jewel of the ABC empire right now.
  The host of the Alec Baldwin show, Alec Baldwin.
  Hey, hey, happy birthday, Mickey.
  He's doing it like so you can you can feel that right where they cut.
  He's like, OK, I'm doing one more time and then I'm getting the fuck out of here.
  And this aired two days after Alec Baldwin's arrest  for punching a man in the face in New York City.
  Yeah, they did not edit that out.
  They did get a quick clip from The Rock, probably on the set of Jungle Crew.
  Like they got him to say like, hey, happy birthday, Mickey.
  And he is one of the biggest movie stars in the world.
  That one makes sense to me.
 Sure.
  But also, are we as a society,  is anyone still impressed by the phoned in  the video filmed between the trailers of whatever the real project is?  Is anyone at home like, whoa, they got Callie Cuoco  to step outside of where she lives for three seconds and like have the copy  half memorized and whether it's a Disney special or whether it's a commercial  encouraging people to vote like what are people are people?  Is anyone impressed by trailer videos?  Well, I don't know about impressed, but I will say I was emailing  with my mom about something else and she did email me a link to this  like the ad for it.
  And she's like, you did not tell me about this and I missed it.
  Really? Was I supposed to like it's of course, it's now all been cut up  and put on the ABC's YouTube channel so you can see probably  100 percent of it in in a playlist form.
  So I also also bizarre things like when the when Tony Hale comes out,  that we can make he says hi, a pal.
  Mickey or for Tony Hale and Mickey friends.
  Yeah.
 Well, Mickey's friend to all really.
  That's sort of his eye.
  But yes, specifically, it does seem like he and Tony have a relationship  that extends past just his normal friendship.
  I think it's interesting that Mickey is sitting there.
  Did you see that? Remember that Don Rickles, Spike TV,  like roast thing?  Mickey is sitting in a very similar chair to like Don Rickles was sitting  during his like couch.
  Yeah, like a velvet couch.
  The only thing that's different is that the people that come  don't go over and sit with him for the rest of the show.
  So like Tony Hale's not sitting with Mickey the whole show.
  They're like laughing it up.
  And there's certainly anything but a roast.
  It's yeah, no, it's just, you know, like praise that makes no sense about,  you know, he's beyond an American icon.
  He's an intergalactic icon.
  And then, you know, they chiseled Mickey ears into the they sent something  to Mars or whatever.
 Yeah, yeah.
  To correct myself earlier, the actor from Hamilton is Leslie Odom, Jr.
  won a Tony for the role of Aaron Burr.
 OK.
  Are you married to Chloe Kardashian?  I believe one of the.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Mm hmm.
  But both was both Lamar and Leslie  would not have careers without Mickey Mouse.
  That's an icon, a basketball lover and a historical rap lover.
  Yeah.
 He has always been all of these things.
  Mickey loves it.
  We just saw in between this.
  What are the commercials with this?  I was pointing out to Scott is for limited edition.
  Mickey Mouse beats headphones  and the spokesman in the commercial was Lil Yachty,  which is a very time like that is like, oh, OK.
  Yes, that that is very funny that Disney is in his heart.
  It is like the current crop of famous people.
  But like, yeah, Lil Yachty, Megan Trainor.
  But it's all right now.
  It's terrified me where Megan Trainor leads a giant children's choir  over to the couch where Mickey is.
  If I were Mickey, I'd be scared of that.
  Like 50 children all coming at me.
 Yeah.
  It's it was all a little odd.
  The cutaways, we're looking at a cutaway right now.
  The cutaways are the fakiest thing.
  And this is why it's good that you didn't go, Mike,  because I think you would have been directed for hours and hours.
  This would have become such a chore.
  Yeah, because they like direct the audience, like when the audience  like standing up and like look at everyone's faces.
  And during these like shows or awards, not award shows,  but like these weird specials, everyone will, if they're supposed to be excited,  will have these faces on that look so unnatural and not what excitement looks like.
  But it's clear that some director was like, all right,  now we need this section to stand up and clap as loud and as hard as you can.
  And it's just this fake thing.
  And they do this a lot and they cut in inserts and it's between in the end.
  Especially for I was saying for NTC 127's performance, the cutaways.
  You know the name of this band.
  In front of me.
  What is it? Say it again.
  NTC 127.
 NTC 127.
  That's a video format, isn't it?  You have to export an NTC 127.
  Aspect ratio.
  They the audience for that, I was saying, I couldn't tell  if it was central casting seat fillers or ABC employees, because it seemed like  it was just rows of of women who they're like, all right, they're good.
  Now we're on you and just look real excited.
  Clap like like you're really into this.
  I just my big issue.
  You know, I don't ever want to be just blindly nostalgic  and something is better because it was in the past.
  But let me say this, like I was an active fan of like the VMAs in the 80s and the 90s.
  Oh, yeah.
 And I like that there were sloppy.
  They were sloppy.
 There were mistakes.
  People did shit and they didn't have cameras on and they had to react.
  And somebody acted out or these Kanye moments even up until recently.
  I love things like that.
  There's an Eddie Murphy hosted VMAs where it is so sloppy.
  He is not rehearsed.
  He takes a camera backstage into a bathroom and everybody's like, ah, like,  you know, like he told people he was going to do it.
  It certainly wasn't blocked out.
  Why have we all accepted that these specials are so glossy and hyper edited?  Yeah, there's no room for anything remotely interesting to happen.
  See, I always like the movie awards better because they always came  at the start of summer and I'd get to see previews of like, oh,  what movies are coming out this summer?  And there was usually cool musical performances there, too.
  So but then the VMAs always came at the end of summer.
  And I was like, oh, now summer's almost over.
  The VMAs are here.
  Oh, so you have dread because you're like maybe like doing homework by then.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Doing like I had to do finish summer reading.
  I had to finish this.
  So you five days.
  You're saying you don't care if it's taped or live or slick,  as long as you get to see movie trailers and it's the start of summer.
  I well, I'm very easy to trick at the start of summer.
  Sure.
 But no, I agree with Scott.
  I like it when it's a little looser.
  It is so, so very slick.
  I mean, I liked I'm sure part.
  We talked about this on the Christmas like parade episode,  the Christmas specials like we my family watch that every year.
  Like Christmas morning.
  And if we so boring now, they're deeply boring.
  They've just gotten to the point, I think, where they are just trying  like mistakes are not tolerated.
  They just the control is tightened.
  So like because those old specials are boring, but because they were rougher,  they were interesting.
 Yeah.
  And again, this is this might be nostalgia tricking me,  but some of those specials were like, this is the shot live on Main Street  right now.
 And we're like, well, cool, Disney, Disneyland on Christmas Day,  Disney World on Christmas Day.
  And now it's all like they start filming that shit in October.
  They'll like take down the Halloween decorations and cordon off a little area  to like, yeah, we're going to film this for the Christmas thing.
  Oh, yeah.
 They're movies.
 It's inserts.
  Yeah, they're filming audiences.
  It's it's so preened as opposed to like,  let's let Regis do whatever he wants and like get people's names wrong  and miss here.
 Where are you from? Where are you from?  Where are you from? All right, back to you.
  So if we were going to plus up this Mickey special,  what do we get Regis or Eddie Murphy to host it?  Maybe both of them.
  I don't know about current Eddie Murphy, but current Regis for sure.
  Yeah, that's the solution.
  I just give them no time to rehearse.
  It could even be all the same stuff.
  I want people to trip.
  I want I want Mickey's eye to fall out.
  All right.
 Problems.
  And then like Mickey will speak a lot like whoever is doing.
  Mickey's voice has to be on a mic behind the stage  and they just has to react to whatever people say or do.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And the audience and everybody should be fed a lot of booze  and people should be able to shout whatever they want.
  Mickey and he has to deal with it.
  And still the K-pop band NTC 127 should be there, right?  No, no, no.
 They're staying.
 They're staying.
  Of course.
 Yeah.
  Mike, I don't want to ruin the end of this for you, but it does.
  That's OK.
 Mickey coming out in his classic, you know, red pants and tail.
  You know, the short tails.
  No, no, no.
 Like his formal attire, his form, formal conductor.
  Gosh, kids here.
  Josh Gad has just showed up on screen.
  My impression of Josh Gad is like the Pillsbury Doughboy was a kid.
  Well, I'm just kidding.
  That is kind of his voice when he's doing like his is like sticky voice.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He gets cheeky.
  I'm Olaf, the snowman.
  I'll also I, you know, I know he's not affiliated with the company anymore,  but no Disney special is any good in my book without the terrible acting  of Michael Eisner.
  So my request is that still, though, he's not in charge of the company.
  This event should be hosted live on stage by Michael Eisner.
  That's the only way I'm happy.
  Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
  Mickey comes out in formal where all his friends come out, too.
  And then he stands for his friends.
  Oh, Pluto and Scoofy and not NTC 127.
  I think everyone comes out at the end, actually, everyone from the special.
  And then Mickey is raised up on a platform that then becomes a tiered  birthday cake and he starts dancing again, but a little looser dancing.
  And the song that is playing is  Zero to Hero from the Hercules soundtrack.
  What now?  Yeah, now at the very end of the grand finale of Mickey's birthday party.
  But hey, he's the birthday boy.
  He gets a song he wants.
 Right.
  I know we need to wrap this up.
  But also my big comment is that this special,  if you're asking what the core of the special was, it's pretty much  people come out and sing When You Wish Upon a Star.
  And you've got a friend in me to Mickey, which makes me think so.
  Mickey only likes the songs that his company made.
 Yes.
  He likes songs where ultimately, like at the end of the day,  the songwriting royalties go to me.
  You performing this is money in my pocket.
  My favorite song is Corporate Synergy.
  Hey, have you ever found yourself at an airport with a dead phone  and an awful old carry on with sticky wheels?  You're stuck.
 You don't know what to do.
  That's what happened to the guys who started away.
  They had a better idea.
  Luggage with power away creates special carry ons and luggage  that are designed to be resilient, resourceful and essential  to the way you travel today.
  Both sizes of the carry on are able to charge all cell phones, tablets,  e-readers, anything else that's powered by a USB cord right in the luggage.
  The material is sleek and ultra durable.
  They use high quality materials while offering a much lower price  compared to other brands by cutting out the middle man  and selling directly to you.
  You can choose from a variety of colors and sizes.
  The carry on, the bigger carry on, the medium and the large.
  I'm going to Japan soon.
  I'm really excited, but I don't have a good carry on,  a good functional carry on that can charge your phone.
  I am so excited to try a way to take it to Japan with me.
  These things are easy to carry up and down stairs.
  They're so lightweight and I'll be able to charge my phone.
  I don't have to worry about it dying on the trip.
  It's going to make my vacation so much easier.
  And I'm very excited for twenty dollars off on a way suitcase.
  Visit a way travel dot com and use promo code theme park during checkout.
  That's twenty dollars off.
  If you go to a way travel dot com, use promo code theme park away.
  First class luggage at a coach price.
  Hi, folks, Jason here.
  You know, I'm a frugal man and I hate paying a lot for crappy quality product.
  At Everlane, that doesn't happen.
  Upgrade your go tos and your style and make Everlane's classics your new favorites.
  I've gotten clothes on Everlane for myself and for others as gifts,  and they're always a hit.
  Everlane only makes premium essentials using the finest materials  without traditional markups, and they tell you their real costs.
  So, you know, you're never overpaying.
  Everlane wants you to know what you're paying for and why.
  They're radically transparent about every step in the process,  from the materials they use to the ethical factories they work with.
  Because Everlane sells directly to you,  their prices are 30 to 50 percent lower than traditional retailers.
  Everlane's clothes look better, cost less and last longer.
  Essentials like their cotton crew T-shirt are exactly what they should be.
  Simple, stylish and made from quality materials.
  Some stuff on Everlane I'm fond of include the 365 crew,  the nylon weekender and the slim fit jean.
  Everlane's timeless essentials are just what you're looking for.
  No frills, just quality.
  And right now you can check out our personalized collection  at Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  Plus, you'll get free shipping on your first order.
  That's Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  The the subtext, of course, to this special  is that it was a joint birthday between Mickey Mouse  and the many anniversaries of when public domain laws have been changed.
  So Mickey and Superman do not go into the public domain.
  Sure.
 Which that'll be coming up again soon.
  Coming up again.
 And I wonder how they will rule.
  Yeah.
 Well, you know, when that happens,  Disney will flex their considerable muscle  as they have done in the elections that transpired on Tuesday.
  We are recording this hot on the heels of the midterm elections,  which I hope that wherever you are listening to this,  that you're mildly happy with whatever happened in your area.
  I think we can agree that was not a blue wave, but there was some blue.
  There are some blue speckles and some nice things that occurred.
  Very good stuff happened.
 California kind of ate shit, but  we'll be fine.
  We're saying there's some there's some good ones.
  We're just catching with a couple like this one in Orange County seems to flip  blue and Katie Hill.
  We have a new one.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 For some reason, California denied a rent control measure that,  you know, probably screws us and everyone who's ever been on this podcast  and everyone who's ever been on any podcast.
  A large portion of California residents rent not own.
  And that proposition had a lot of money coming in from massive,  massive real estate companies.
 The no on that proposition.
  So there's there are some bummers.
 There's some good things.
  But we were primarily invested in the midterms as to how it affects  Anaheim and the future of the Disneyland Resort.
  And this is all this is all legitimate stuff.
  And I think until we started talking about doing this episode,  I don't think we realized how much was on the line for Disney.
  And we will reveal to you as we go how things landed for Disney.
  Yes.
 Also, if you are not in California or Disneyland is not your like primary  park, home park, whatever, there will be plenty of theme park infrastructure  talk, which everyone loves when we do.
  So and we will make a point to try and contextualize it in terms of larger  theme park comings and goings and and if none of that interests you,  I will still like quiz Jason about his diet periodically during the episode.
  There'll still be some treat bullshit, I'm sure.
  So all right.
  If we're talking about Disneyland and how it compares to other resorts  in Florida, they set up this fake shadow government,  the Reedy the Reedy Creek Improvement District.
  I was reading about it.
 Yeah, it's crazy.
  They they're just their own government.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And they did that by design  so that they didn't have to deal with the surrounding city as they did in  when they started Disneyland in 55.
  You know, Disney has always had to curry favor with the city of Anaheim,  and they didn't buy all the land that they maybe would have wanted to  because they didn't know if it was going to be a hit or a flop.
  So by the time Florida comes around, they have a shadow government.
  Yes.
 But not the case.
  Right.
 I read that at Florida that Disney World Government can issue municipal bonds.
  Hmm.
 Yeah, that makes sense.
  That just Disney, the Disney Company.
 Yes.
  Ultimately.
 And I'm sure we're going to talk at some point about  Celebration Florida, but there was just a very good is the YouTube channel.
  Rob plays that the name of it, if that's what's in my head, it's probably it.
  There was a very good series of YouTube videos about Celebration Florida,  which was all this effort to that's Disney's town that they built on  the outskirts of the Disney World property.
  And it was like they were going to like lose the land if they didn't do something with it.
  So, all right, let's build a town.
  And they since have divested from the town and it was kind of a disaster.
  And it's going back to nature almost.
  It sounds like things are not going great since Celebration.
  Colonial houses are being reclaimed by Swamp Land and plants and alligators.
  The apartment buildings condemned.
  There's a very interesting article out there about the movie theater.
  And they built a big movie house and that the people actually really did love.
  And then I think AMC took over running it and then they divested from it.
  And then the locals tried to buy it.
  But then there was issues with that.
  And the building is not doing well.
  It's a real fucking mess.
  Now it's just filled with wasps.
  It's a wasp sanctuary.
  Yeah, probably.
  I.
 Yeah.
 So to.
  That's just funny that like, all right, what happens if Disney does control a city?  It's a horrible, notorious mess.
  So instead.
  But it doesn't seem to be any better necessarily when they have to do a little dance  with the city that they're in.
  So let's we'll step you through this bit by bit.
  If anybody listening to this follows Disneyland News,  then you're maybe aware of a couple odd things that have been happening all year.
  About a year ago, we recorded a podcast in which we eulogized  some businesses that were being removed from the downtown Disney shopping.
  Yes, that's right.
  Disney announced plans to build a luxury hotel at the outskirts of downtown Disney.
  In order to do this, they were going to have to get rid of the AMC theater,  the Rainforest Cafe, the ESPN zone, and of course, Earl of Sandwich.
  We did eulogies for all of these establishments.
  They were all going to disappear.
  And then they did disappear.
  All of these places were taken out of downtown Disney closed.
  And then to go back a year farther in 2016,  they first announced this new hotel.
  Right.
 And the plans had the plans have since changed a couple of times.
  This new hotel was going to be a 700 room, four diamond hotel  built on top of the downtown Disney resort.
  So north of these restaurants that closed.
 Oh, yes.
 OK.
 OK.
  And and they put out some very scratchy concept art.
  Mickey hugging a child in a lobby, a pool,  and then the rooftop bar, lounge restaurant that would have views  into the parking and be able to watch fireworks there.
  Sounded pretty nice.
  And by the way, four diamond resorts are a big deal for the city of Anaheim.
  Yes.
 Something that they want, something that they're after,  and something that they are issuing tax subsidies in order to encourage to happen.
  Not just Disney, but other property.
  The people who run the Garden Walk Mall that's right nearby  have talked about building four diamond resorts, too.
  It's better for their  convention business to have a higher tier of hotel.
  Yeah, because right now the only four diamond resorts  are the Disney hotel in the Grand Californian Hotel.
 Oh.
  But there are multiple other four diamond resorts coming.
  Yeah.
 Like you said, at the Garden Walk, the Annabelle Hotel,  which I always thought seemed like a very nice hotel mission style building  kind of right behind California Adventure closed over the summer.
  And they're leveling it and building  like a new Annabelle Hotel that will be twice as big  and will be a four diamond.
 Oh, interesting.
  And then I think there's two others coming on top of that.
  OK, so this is all this is all good news.
  Anaheim's getting along with Disney.
  They're they want to they're going to build.
  They're going to get these tax incentives.
  They'll add more parking for downtown Disney.
  And there was going to be a parking garage or next to it or underneath.
  For the new hotel and for downtown Disney.
  Mm hmm.
 But then but then cut to a year later.
  The plans of the hotel have changed.
  They've moved about a ball, only a block south.
  But the building looks  it was still about the same number of rooms, but it looks massive.
  It was going to encompass the monorail stop.
  And it was going to be built on top of like, yeah, the movie theater.
  The Starbucks on that part of the property.
 Oh, yeah.
  ESPN zone, the Rainforest Cafe and the Earl of Sandwich.
 Yeah.
  Which was not very old to the Earl of Sandwich either.
  Oh, yeah, true.
 Yeah.
 2012, I think.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And and I think part of the reason they moved it from instead of the hotel  being built over by the Mickey and Friends parking garage, which you know about  because we talked about it instead of there, they wanted to move it  onto the monorail path.
 Yeah.
  So they did this.
 It's fine, right?  It's just somewhere else on our property.
  It was not fine at the city of Anaheim.
  Furious about this.
  It technically to move the hotel required a different address.
  This is not the same.
  It's not with the plans that you filed with us.
  So we can't approve it in the tax subsidies you would get.
  Would not be part of this.
 Right.
  And it also cost the move cost jobs.
  It closed all for all of these businesses to close.
  Now, I believe they were trying to reallocate people's positions  within either the resort or these independent these companies.
  Starbucks, AMC, you know, find the employees new jobs.
  But that's still like a lot of businesses closing right at once.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So Rainforest Cafe gutted ESPN zone.
  If you go there right now, it still says ESPN zone, but there's nothing on the inside.
  This is a very odd thing for a Disney shopping district to have just shuttered  buildings, shuttered building, clearly playing football games on the outside.
  The outside.
 They still show the bill.
  Yeah, yeah, they're on.
 That's the weirdest thing.
  I I think you're right.
  But also I was thinking about what is the reality where these screens  aren't on and the lights aren't on.
  And it just looks like a scary building, probably.
  So it makes sense to me that something is on those TVs.
  But it is weird.
 Sure.
  And they've made an effort to make that this zone of downtown  Disney feel like a little street fair.
  They kept the stage going where you can see, you know, some swing band  or whatever it is.
 And they put up there's a bunch of food trucks.
  But none of it truly distracting from the fact that there's a gutted movie theater.
  So what has happened now is a pretty  unprecedented event in Disney history that a closed shop,  the Earl of Sandwich, has been reopened.
  The Earl of Sandwich is back.
  I saw it with my own two eyes.
  I ate there.
 A couple nights ago.
  Oh, now I've never really eaten at the Earl of Sandwich.
  I have only been once with me.
  I think right when it first opened.
 Yeah.
  What's the what's the read on the quality of the Earl of Sandwich?  It is above average for Disney.
  That is not good.
  Well, I wouldn't say not good.
  I would say like it's a it's very reasonably priced for Disney.
  And I don't know, I think it's one of the better options for cheap lunch.
  Yes, it's one of the few counter service options in officially in downtown  Disney, you go to the hotels and get decent counter service to  a couple of the sandwiches are better than others.
  I'm trying to think the one I like, like the one that's the first one,  whatever that one is.
 Yeah.
  Like that Gobbler.
  I feel like that was a big thing when they open.
  They have like the yeah, Gobbler's like Thanksgiving dinner on a roll.
  OK, I never had that one.
  But yeah, it's it's one of the better places to eat for seven dollars.
  Yeah.
 It was my salvation in Paris because they I was able to go in there  and get a cup of tea and a banana because I was so desperate in Paris  for something, not just soaked in salt.
  So, hey, thanks for the banana Earl of Sandwich.
  I think something about the brand weirds me out in general.
  I feel like at least in the Paris one, I didn't love the smell of the facility.
  I think some of the shots of the sandwiches gross me out a little bit.
  They some of them seem unbelievably rich.
  And and I have this other thing with the Earl of Sandwich,  which I think will become a Patreon episode at some point,  which is the owner of Earl of Sandwich, Robert Earl,  who also owns Bucatabeppo and Planet Hollywood.
  And there is a seer.
  I you know, I don't even want to get into it.
 I.
 Yeah.
  We may have talked about him a little in the past.
  Yeah, we will delve into this.
  The Robert Earl in general.
  But there's let me just say that Robert Earl gives me an icky feeling  about this brand in addition to the the icky feeling I get by looking at it.
  You can attest to the quality.
  The quality of food is like pretty good.
  Fine.
 OK, OK.
  I also will recommend the the pizza Napoli, the Vienna Napoli,  whatever the pizza slices to go in downtown Disney.
 Very good.
  I didn't know they did to go.
  Yeah, I think it's been closed for a while because I think they've been redoing  a lot of that.
 You have to demand it, though.
  What's that for them to do this to slices to go?  You have to stand at the desk and say, I want to win a gun.
  Yeah, Jason.
 Oh, I see.
 You're teasing me.
  Yeah, I get it.
  You know, downtown Disney is in a good zone right now.
  I feel like they are adding some good some good establishments in general.
  Splitsville is fairly high quality.
  So we'll get we'll get into this in, you know, a number of sectors  at some godforsaken point in the future.
  But this is just this.
  This is the odd crux events that made us have to talk about a lot of stuff.
  A sandwich place closed entirely, all the signage removed,  the all the kitchen implements are out of there.
  And now it is back.
  They hired back up and it's like it never happened.
  This awkward situation presented by the bizarre  nature of Disney's relationship with the city of Anaheim at this moment.
  And it started like once you start reading about all this,  and then it ties back to the parking garage fiasco from the year prior,  which is they were going to build a big parking garage  and have a whole new hub across from Harbor.
  And then the city was mad because they didn't want those businesses to suffer  because it would have just been a bridge from the parking garage.
  You couldn't access Harbor and the local businesses.
  Yeah, let's let's slow down because you're going very fast through that,  because that was long.
  Like visitors going fast above shitty restaurants.
  I was just trying to make sure the episode doesn't go three hours.
  So but the current state of the hotel is that it was the project was canceled.
  The Eastern Gateway, which was the name of this parking garage,  that was going to be for people coming from Disneyland from  south of the resort.
  They were going to direct their traffic coming from the south  to that garage and coming from the north to the Mickey and Friends garage.
  All this because and people who've been to Disneyland recently now know  that they are building a new parking garage right next to Mickey and Friends.
  And don't worry, we'll be covering it at length.
 Yes.
  But Disney is in sore, sore need  of more parking because Galaxy's Edge is going to be a clusterfuck.
  It's going to be so crazy when that thing.
  It's crazy already.
  Every time we're there, we talk about how are they possibly going to add  an entire Star Wars theme park, essentially on top of what we already have.
  New parking sorely needed.
  They had this whole plan for a gigantic structure.
  And the city of Anaheim said no, no, no, because they had this crazy scheme  that, yeah, to get into the resort from that side of the property,  you would have to go into like the ground floor of this massive structure  through the security set up and over the sky bridge.
  You would not be able to enter off of the street  anymore directly into the Esplanade to security there.
  You were going to have to take the sky bridge in so that they could send  everyone through security in the garage, take the walkway above Harbor in  then into the Esplanade that pissed off all of those restaurants.
  And there's quite a few hotels that are right there along Harbor,  many of which market themselves as like the closest hotels to the main entrance  of Disney, closer than the Disneyland Hotel and Paradise Pier Hotel.
  Distance wise.
  So now there's a big, clunky, concrete  bridge blocking views, blocking your path that they're like sending people  through the sky above local businesses that have been there for decades and decades.
  Yeah, it wasn't a good look.
  I will say this.
 It's a thing they need.
  It's a thing I kind of wish they would get to build,  but not the best scenario for the neighborhood.
  There seems like there was a solution where they could let people exit the  bridge and at least go down on the harbor.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But they want to do that because they want to they're trying to choke all  those businesses out so that eventually they go out of business and Disney can  keep buying up property.
 Yeah, that's what they're doing.
  I mean, I think they're hoping the Garden Walk  literally like folds into the ground before they buy it.
  Because like they want all of that.
  They want everything there, but they want to pay like dirt cheap prices for it.
  It's got to be the plan.
  And this is if you haven't been to the Garden Walk, it is the shopping center.
  Not even that close to Disney.
  It's a pretty awkward zone.
  But it does bridge.
  It would bridge a parking garage to a potential third gate,  which is sort of south of the convention center and all this stuff.
  So, yeah, I absolutely.
  And if you go around that mall, nobody is there.
  It is so desolate.
  If you can imagine that the opening  of the new House of Blues did not transform the area immediately.
  I really think that Disney is trying to  burn this mall to the ground without like technically doing it.
  I mean, just by the sheer nature of being a mall in America,  the diagnosis is not good.
  Yeah, why get into that business any time past 2005?  Yeah, unless you can fully commit resources  to like an outdoor mixed use Americana, Glen,  you're referring to the kind of thing.
  These are L.
A.
 Disney, ask mall, outdoor mall, the Americana and Glendale,  which has a trolley and Frank Sinatra music and a fountain show.
  Yes.
 So if you're going to do a fountain  show and a trolley, by all means, build a mall.
  Go nuts.
 But no, not a normal mall.
  So, you know, all of this combative  relationship is somewhat fueled by the the mayor of Anaheim, Tom Tate.
  And Tom Tate essentially was was promising to be tougher on Disney.
  And I think there's been this tension that has gone for many, many years.
  It goes back to our episode about the McEwen Friends garage where, you know,  back then, I'm sorry, in the 90s, when Disney was thinking about  building their second gate, not in Anaheim, but over in Long Beach.
  Part of that was Disney saying, hey, Anaheim, hey, residents of Anaheim,  taxpayers, build us a parking garage.
  Yes.
 And through the years, Disney has like the city of Anaheim has  stood up and said, no, we're not going to play ball like that.
  And it's probably never been tougher than under Mayor Tom Tate.
  Yeah.
 And like to just a few things,  there's a there's a big article in the LA Times about it, which is when Disney got  pissed and tried to pull like the access to early movies from the LA Times critics  and oh, yeah, yeah.
  But like stuff like that, Mickey and Friends parking garage, Anaheim paid for it.
  They just paid for the whole thing.
  And then they just charged Disney a dollar rent every year and Disney collects the  money from it.
  So there's like there's like so many examples of Anaheim paying for something  and Disney getting all the money that Anaheim wanted to put like a dollar tax  on the tickets and and Disney's like, no way.
  And yeah, in LA Times, it was like that would have been a billion dollars  for Anaheim, which is not doing so well as a city right now.
  There's a lot of problems in Anaheim.
  There was a little run where I was taking my bike down and riding along the river  that goes right past Angel Stadium and kind of weaves through the eastern zone  of Anaheim.
 It is scary around there.
  There are massive shanty towns like gigantic right at the border of Angel  Stadium and not that far from Disney.
  There are there are gangs and there are murders and like there's it's a like the  take Disney out of the equation.
  The city of Anaheim has a lot of problems and is really struggling and needs some  help.
 Yeah.
  California at large, like so many places, there's a huge homeless population.
  Like there's a huge homelessness issue  and Anaheim.
  Yeah, it's awful.
  I mean, I would say the city council and the Disney company should be ashamed  of themselves, but corporations and government entities are not human,  contrary to Supreme Court rulings and cannot feel shame.
  I hope the people in charge of these  organizations sleep a little poorly at night.
  They don't.
 They don't because they say this is how capitalism is meant to work.
  Like that dollar, the dollar of rent a year that happens all the time.
  Like anytime a sports stadium is built,  the city or the county or the state has essentially paid for that.
  Right.
 Yes, that's a common thing.
  But it's like it doesn't make sense if the place where you are operating your  business is suffering so poorly that you're not helping out at all.
  And where the people who live around there couldn't possibly afford to go to  the places that are getting all the money and you bring up sports stadiums.
  Let me bring another thing into this,  which is very similar degree of politics going on with the Angels right now.
  Tom Tate has been tougher on the Angels than  previous mayors and is like it's that kind of thing.
  It's like, no, we're not going to pay for you to get nicer luxury boxes or whatever.
  And the owner of the Angels is furious.
  And he, in fact, has been threatening to take the Angels out of there.
  They have to stay in Southern California  somewhere, but they're starting to look in Tustin.
  They're starting to look in Carson, I believe.
  So with all this Disney stuff going on,  same syndrome going on with the Angels, and it got so bad, in fact,  that people perceive the Angels changing their name to Los Angeles Angels as a fuck  you to Anaheim and to Tom Tate.
 Yeah.
  Like how dare you treat us like we're not going to even mention Anaheim and try to  get tourism to Anaheim.
 We consider as part of L.
A.
  We're not giving you a name check anymore.
  And that's one of the only things that that's one of the only time tape moves  that Disney may have liked, because there's also rumors that Disney will just  take all that land where there's a baseball stadium and level it and put at least  a parking garage or something or probably another park or potentially a third gate  or a fourth gate.
 Oh, my God.
  Yeah.
 Or something else they need desperately talking about people taking  advantage of stuff, employee parking, because employees have to park so far away  and get bused in.
  It's it's one of the biggest examples of wage theft in America by a company of the  workers, second, probably to like Amazon employees having to spend half an hour  going through metal detectors and not getting paid for that time.
  Is that right? That's the case.
  Yeah.
  Whether it's a conscious thought in the people at Disney, the higher ups at Disney  or not, I think that at least subconsciously or just by the nature of how all this works,  they are hoping that literally the whole city of Anaheim becomes uninhabitable  and everyone needs to sell to them.
  Like that is sort of I think the thinking of like we're going eventually this is  going to be as big as Disney World maybe in 30 years.
  Let's just wreck everything around us and then we'll come in and buy everything up.
  I don't know if they're really thinking in those terms, but that is what's happening.
  That is the desired result.
  And also, if that does happen, they're not going to share it with their workers.
  They're not sharing that wealth with their workers.
  There was an article.
  Come up to in this.
  Yeah, there's been multiple articles over recent years of like Disney employees living  super far away or in some cases living in their cars because they're being paid  such low wages by Disney.
  Yes.
 And now Disney has committed to paying  $15 as a minimum, but we'll loop back around to that because I realize there's a little caveat there.
  Yeah, that is incredibly loaded.
  So to get things closer to the midterms that have just occurred,  this luxury hotel is canceled and it's canceled because of this address change.
  You know, you said you're going to build it there, not there.
  Now, in another scenario  and with another mayor and with another city council, it might be like, oh,  that's an easy change to make.
  Absolutely.
 But Disney pissed off Anaheim with this Eastern Gateway parking garage.
  And I think there was pressure on the city council and the mayor to be harder.
  And that's what they were elected to do, was to be firmer to Disney.
  So they did not play ball.
  They rejected this this hotel thing.
  And then, OK, there's also the this is we're saying this this issue with the four  diamond hotels where any Anaheim wants these things.
  So they are offering tax subsidies, which would make it much cheaper to pay  and make it much cheaper to build these hotels.
  But as part of the tax subsidies, you would have to agree to a measure  which is on the ballot this week.
  And the measure is not just Disney, but all the all the hotels being built  in the near future have to start at fifteen dollars an hour and go up a dollar every  single year, very reasonable, like reasonable, a reasonable measure.
  And I'll go ahead and spoil this past, past bias, slim margin  in Anaheim.
 And, you know, this will apply to any new  hotels that are the tax incentive, any new hotels taking the Anaheim tax  incentives will start to go from fifteen, sixteen, seventeen dollars and a good wages  for employees.
 This is good.
  Wages have been stagnant across the country for years.
  So and let anyone who's like, wow, fifteen dollar minimum wage  and in a few years, eighteen dollar minimum wage.
  People living it up in California.
  The price of to live in California is much more expensive than where you may live  and be hearing this.
 Absolutely.
  So this is good, right?  Hotels will be paying people more money.
  Disney will be paying people more money.
 Not so fast.
  Here's what happened in July.
  Disney says we we've heard Bernie Sanders, we've heard what people have been saying.
  Fifteen dollars an hour and we'll start moving things up 45 cents a year.
  Different than a dollar.
  Pretty different from a dollar in August.
  Because of all of these problems with the hotel, Disney says, you know what?  Forget about it.
 We're not going to do it.
  And we don't need those tax subsidies.
  So don't worry about it.
  Thus, skirting Measure L, which this week has passed,  Measure L would have required them to pay more than 45 cents an hour.
  Would have been a dollar more per work.
  Right.
 So they're saying, you know what?  We did the math.
 Fuck it.
  We'd rather not get the tax subsidies, but also not have to pay our workers more.
  Yeah.
 So it's very but it's of course framed in a PR way.
  They're doing something very altruistic because they're saying, you know what?  Like the press release and everything was like, you know what?  It's just gotten too tense between us and the government.
  You know what? Never mind.
  Those subsidies, we're not going to take them because we just want a fresh start.
  We want everything to be good between the two of them.
  Also, there's one other twist to that.
  When they did agree to the $15 minimum wage for union employees,  for non-union employees, they gave them something like a $15.
65 an hour.
  A common union bustigue like shitty, like flipping off, flipping you the bird.
  Just a shitty little dig at the union, basically, to say like, fuck you for being in a union.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  Yeah.
 Wean, petty shit.
  So let me just let's reset and make this a little personal for a minute.
  As you can hear, we're not happy about any of this.
  And in general, you've certainly picked up that we are pretty on the left side of things politically.
  However, however, we love Disneyland.
  We love Disney World.
  You've heard us talk for many, many hours about all of these things.
  It puts us in a pretty odd place.
  I feel so mixed up at this point.
  Well, sure.
 Well, I mean, the bomb that everyone says nowadays is there's no ethical consumption under capitalism.
  Like, where should we turn our attention to?  Video games, Red Dead Redemption 2, they were working people a hundred hour,  like a hundred hour weeks to get this dumb ass fucking game done.
  That makes me so mad.
  I just want to chill out and just watch one of my favorite movies.
  Like, I don't know, Sausage Party.
  Yeah, people were treated great and with respect.
  Yeah, no, they pulled a real screw job on the animators.
  What? No.
  We all personally, I'm sure, have many stories of being screwed about various jobs in our industry.
  And we are all in at least one union.
  Yeah, I mean, sometimes multiples and sometimes ones that you have to join.
  But then they severely limit what that union can actually do.
  And they lay the unions weak, but you have to join it anyway.
  There's all kinds of odd chicanery.
  Yeah, boy, a lot of stuff's not good, huh?  Yeah, everything is bad.
  So when we're talking about this, it became kind of apparent to us.
  I guess we weren't even really fully understanding it until weeks ago,  is that in times where the government kisses Disney's ass and does probably bad  stuff for humans, individual people, that's the time when big stuff is built.
  Yes.
  So very quickly, it was obvious because, like, when we were talking back by that  parking garage, there was a whole other plan, supposedly for whatever Marvel and  was going to be and it was going to come out in the Esplanade.
  And like there was a whole California adventure was going to change because of  the nature of the bridge and because they weren't going to have to put security  where it currently is in that south side of it.
  They could claim a little of the Esplanade  property because no one was going to be walking.
  Oh, I don't know that, actually.
  I mean, this this was never like officially announced.
  But the word was we're pulling we're moving like the boundaries of Disney's  California venture out.
 This is all rumor.
  But I think it makes a lot of sense because when you see her,  because now they have this base, Marvel essentially most likely is happening.
  I mean, we know a lot of it is replacing  the land, but there was also talk of it  replacing kind of this desolate Hollywood studio area that's always been sort of a  problem.
 So for them to build on top of that and then expand outwards beyond it  would have been huge.
 Right.
  Because basically what would have happened is there wouldn't have been any  security there at that south point.
  And it would have just been a it would be a more narrow walkway because everyone's  now been through security and all it is is just people walking into the part of  the Esplanade.
 So like you could have moved Hollywood land out there, made a big  new ride, done a whole.
  So like there were all these plans that then got changed because that gateway  project got got shuttered or whatever.
  So it affected not just all this kind of infrastructural stuff.
  It's a little dry.
 It changed the makeup of of Marvel.
  Probably Marvel.
 Yeah.
 The chances are it was probably Marvel and it was going to  go over there.
 Now it's in Bugsland or whatever.
  And it should be said Disney doesn't need these taxid.
  Disney is kind of up there with like Amazon and Apple of like more money than  God, like can do whatever they want.
  Yeah.
 Once the Fox merger goes through with the start of 2019,  they will be a massive media company, even bigger.
  They're already massive.
  And the greater spectrum of media right now is the Netflix dropped a bomb on  everything and everywhere is struggling and until unless places can figure out  their streaming situation.
  And Disney is almost is one of the companies that probably the only company  guaranteed that when they start their streaming service, I mean,  unless something goes horribly awry like that, they're the Disney's.
  Once they pull all their movies and shows from all the other from Netflix, Hulu,  Amazon.
 Yeah.
  They're a force to be reckoned with immediately out of the gate.
 So they're,  they're new media.
 Future is fantastic.
  Of course, the biggest victim of that Netflix bomb,  the idea of curation and taste because Netflix is now  everything.
 Uh huh.
 Uh huh.
  But every, are you saying that not every Netflix show is a masterpiece out of the  gate? Uh, uh, that, that, uh, yeah, whatever the,  I can't even remember half of these shows.
 Like this four new series every,  yeah, it's, it's, yeah.
 You, if you liked Apocalypse now,  maybe you'll like the Miranda Sings show.
  So a friend texted me, a friend from high school texted me just yesterday saying,  like, it's very funny that Netflix is putting out, uh, uh, the, the,  they, they paid for the finishing funds for the other side of the wind.
  Orson Welles's last unfinished film.
 Um,  and it is available, uh, to watch now.
 And he's like,  it's funny because they have like no movies before 1980.
  So like the main sort of story point of the movie of aging studio director trying  to make an imprint in, you know, artists driven seventies Hollywood,  uh, there's no context there.
 There's no,  you can't watch the movies to contextualize this.
  They did somehow make two documentaries about finishing the other side of the  wind.
 So I guess that kind of contextualizes it.
 But, uh,  so many  Sean O'Toole Yeah, Netflix will increasingly become Netflix properties from 2015  and beyond, which is why they're making so much so that they can say,  we have a gazillion hours of shows because they're about to lose not just  Disney, but probably a ton of other media companies, uh,  cause they've all helped Netflix get rich.
 This is, it's madness right now.
  Everything's madness on our, on our level, on the, on gigantic media level,  it's, uh, everything's on the theme park level.
  Everything is bad.
 Like I said earlier,  Sean O'Toole So make sure to, uh, support your, uh, local, local, independent,  self owned media, uh, patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride podcast,  the ride on TV public.
  Sean O'Toole Don't just, don't just go watch star wars movies.
  Listen to us analyze characters in the background of star wars movies and  support us doing so.
  Sean O'Toole There will be a whole DJ rex episode for sure on Patreon next year.
  Sean O'Toole And you know what, since this has become, we'll get back on track,  but since this has become essentially a what's going on, not just in a bad ways,  but good ways, uh, in the current state of the Disneyland resort.
  Did you guys catch the Jim Hill scoop that apparently Disney is not confirmed?  It's not done.
  Apparently Disney has asked Paul Rubens to reprise his role as the voice of  Rex.
 I did not see that.
 I mean, that makes a lot of sense, of course.
  So that's very good news.
  Sean O'Toole If I love DJ Rex being there, but if it's not Paul Rubens,  I don't want him to talk.
 I just want him to be a prop.
 But if,  if they get him and there's new Rex dialogue, I will be so,  so excited.
  Sean O'Toole If Disney came to you, Scott, and said,  would you do the voice of Rex?  Sean O'Toole Absolutely not.
 No, I would not commit the sacrilege myself.
  Sean O'Toole Would you do a dialogue for the animatronic to say?  Sean O'Toole I would.
 And if they need anyone to do so.
  Sean O'Toole After we just trashed them properly.
  Sean O'Toole We'll continue to do so.
 No, we're, look, we're,  Sean O'Toole We're not trashing the creative people.
  Sean O'Toole We're screwing ourselves over in terms of the Disney relationship.
  Sean O'Toole I don't know.
 Thank you.
 There's so much media,  they'll probably never hear it.
  Sean O'Toole Absolutely not.
  Sean O'Toole The show isn't that popular.
  Sean O'Toole No, it's not.
 Hey, the Disney executives,  they got to finish watching Meniac and the Haunting of Hill House just like  everyone else, you know?  Sean O'Toole And as soon as, as soon as Scott gets the deal to write  the Guardians of the Galaxy spin-off TV show on Disney Play that  features Cosmo the dog, then we'll take this episode right down.
  Sean O'Toole Oh, yeah, I will be asking anyone to pull as much as possible.
  Sean O'Toole Although again, to contextualize it, it's not just Disney doing all this,  this stuff we're slagging.
 It's everyone, every company in every field.
  There is a reminder there's no benevolent companies besides charities.
  Sean O'Toole So back to us being conflicted.
  Basically the sum up was what we realized is that, okay, if a crazy  kiss ass government, there's a good chance we could get bigger, better rides  because now Disney feels much more comfortable.
  They're getting more money in taxes back or maybe they'll just get like,  Anaheim will pay for a new Spider-Man ride.
  Like who knows what crazy thing they can trick or make lobby their way into  getting from the government.
 So what's, what's, yeah, what's on the table?  Okay.
 Yeah.
 The hotel potentially,  Sean O'Toole All of these canceled plans could be back on the table.
  We have not seen this many things canceled since that beloved Disney  anniversary special hosted by the late great Harry Anderson featuring coming  soon rides, the majority of which never came to fruition.
  Sean O'Toole Yeah, we could be looking at something closer to a new Disney decade  where it's on happens.
  Sean O'Toole It's possible.
 I mean, obviously in the short term,  I would imagine that parking garages and hotels are of the highest priority  because they need more rooms because this, if you have,  if you guys haven't noticed lately, the park is insane.
  The parking garage fills up like Mickey and friends fills up in the middle of  the afternoon.
 Most days I get alerts on Twitter every day.
  Mickey and friends is full.
 It's like, we need more parking, more rooms.
  It severely impacts.
 Like, did you have a good time there today or not?  It makes it.
 Yeah.
 It makes you more tired.
  I can still have a good time.
  Sean O'Toole We tried to get out of the park.
  When we tried to get out of California Adventure, the crowd,  the one time we were there and, um, uh,  the, the paint the night parade was happening.
 It was,  the infrastructure had fallen apart.
 Like the parade was passing,  but the parade goes around the main entrance sort of pathways.
  So you could not cross,  you could not exit the park without taking an insane rat.
  And so it's just mobs of people.
 They don't have enough people working,  directing.
 It's crazy.
 It's crazy.
 And it's like, I am,  I mean, I'm just saying it cause I want another theme park, but it is,  once you, once you've been there and you've gone for so many years and it's been  like pretty bad for years now.
 It's like, make the third park.
 I mean,  do something, make it half the size of these parts, like something right now,  cause this is crazy.
 Like obviously so many people are going to this,  like, like they're just trying to maximize.
  The person had never been better the way they've juiced up California Adventure.
  You have two crazy high quality parks back to back only to be  improved by galaxy's edge.
  Yeah.
 And other parks don't have, as we said,  Disney world is sort of its own self contained entity.
 Uh,  they've got plenty of room to spread people out.
 Uh,  Universal Orlando kind of butts up against a lot of houses and  neighborhoods.
  They still have a lot of area to work with and they're expanding, uh,  down the road.
 They bought up a bunch of land and stuff to expand to.
  They keep adding hotels.
  Universal Hollywood is kind of in an odd spot because it's right in the,  you know,  right around a lot of houses and businesses and stuff on multiple elevations,  multiple elevations,  but it is a self contained movie studio and stuff that both universals on both  coasts, the issue they deal with is noise.
 They have their certain point.
  You'll notice universal Orlando not open super late most of the time.
  As opposed to Disney,  which just blares phantasmic and neighbors have to deal with it every night at  10 o'clock.
 Yeah.
 If you're Lee, I was, we were,  I was in the parking garage like hearing fantastic,  like that the far end of the parking garage and you could hear phantasmic  as if you were watching it.
 You said if you were right in it.
 Um,  so, uh, yeah, a lot's at stake.
  We beyond the infrastructural stuff.
 Um,  so this was a very important election.
 So let's,  let's say the, uh, the specific races and what was at stake.
  Mayor Tom Tate,  who has been tough on Disney and who has led a Disney,  an anti Disney dominated city council, Tom Tate,  uh, no longer the mayor.
 He has finished out, termed out,  finished his last out, reached term limits.
  So it's not like he was kicked out because he was, he was bad or anything.
  And when we say tough on Disney, it's still very,  very PR, very discourse heavy.
  Oh yeah.
 It's just basic necessity.
 Very, very, very tame.
  Like no one's cursing.
  No one's like that salty Beto O'Rourke saying everyone did a great fucking job  How dare you.
 I'm kidding.
  The most human moment in politics all year.
 It's Beto O'Rourke cursing on stage.
  Yeah.
 Uh, yeah, he tried hard.
 He did good.
 But the, um,  yeah, it's still, it's still civil.
 And even like the, the people who are,  when I say quote unquote anti Disney,  they're all still on record saying Disney is so important to this community and  we want this relationship to work well.
 Nobody's like kick them out.
 Um,  there's no, you know, so, so anti Disney is barely anything.
  But when you're dealing on Disney's level,  anything utter than do whatever the fuck you want is, is a problem.
  And that is why Disney has spent more in this election, uh,  than ever before.
  $1.
5 million in spending via a pack.
  Sorry.
 I'll get it to, I just saw today.
 The number is closer to 1.
6.
  Oh, all right.
  Most expensive unions also spending 1.
5 million, but regardless,  the most expensive election in Anaheim.
  Which would indicate, like we were saying,  like the plans they have are big probably for different things,  which indicates that they're willing to spend this much money.
  This is just as if we know about like there,  there could be stuff that isn't even on the table.
 It's not announced.
 And, uh,  so they have,  they've pumped a lot of money to certain candidates via an organization called  SOAR, which is, which stands for support our Anaheim  resort.
 Now SOAR isn't only Disney.
 It's also, uh,  you know, the it's garden walk.
 It's anybody building fancy hotels.
 Uh,  and right now Mickey has just risen atop a giant cake and  I like playing in the background.
  The background of all this has included the Disney special.
  Donald is in a sparkly sailor suit.
 I like this too.
 I would like to see this.
  This is, yeah, this is good.
  I like having a visual in the back.
  This reminds me of like taking meetings at like fancy companies and they have  TV silently playing stuff in the law.
 It's, it's, it, it makes me feel important.
  Keeping things alive and it's good to see future guests.
  John Stamos having a good time.
 Guaranteed future guests.
  John Stamos, uh, we'll make it happen.
 That's the white whale.
 Um,  so, uh, Disney, it's tons of money spent by Disney for,  so in via SOAR, uh, tons of money spent by unions, uh,  the most combative Anaheim relationship ever.
  So not only is the mayorship up for grabs,  but also three seats in the Anaheim city council enough to  flip things, uh, pro or anti Disney.
  Yes.
 It's, it is a seven seat.
 Okay.
  Local elections are confusing.
 Uh,  it is a seven seat city council, including the mayor is one of those seats.
  It's called a council manager government.
 That's the style of government.
  That is the style of government.
 Uh,  all of these seats used to be elected at large, meaning like everyone's voting,  uh, uh, for every candidate as of 2016 due to an  ACLU lawsuit, the, the seats,  the council seats are allocated more like,  oh, this person represents these districts.
  This person represents these districts.
 Makes more sense to me.
  Also it makes more sense because it is more representative of Anaheim at large.
  The older system apparently, uh, did not accurately represent the,  the people who did not benefit from that system was unfairly,  a large Latino population of Anaheim.
  Once again, these,  all of these breakdowns occurring while a TV is on mute in the background where  Pluto is dancing up a storm.
  This is the perfect synthesis of this podcast.
  Left politics meet Pluto dancing, dancing in a sparkly collar.
  This is how our brains are broken.
  Jason is talking about precincts and I looked in,  Scott is just looking like lovingly at the TV as Pluto is dancing.
  I was trying to do both.
 I was like, Oh yeah, Jason sings very important.
  There was a writer credits and there was a writer credit for Joe Saunders.
  Is that the Joe Saunders that we know? Comedy bang, bang writer.
  Do you want to text him?  Um, I am going to text him.
 You know what? I was going to,  I almost just went to.
  Host of Doe Boys spin off the breadcast.
  Uh, Joe Saunders.
 So a lot distracting me, but let's,  yes, let's get back to disenfranchisement.
  Uh, I, uh, okay.
  So what were you driving at Jason though, in terms of this?  Oh, so, so it's a, it's a, it's a,  it's a very specific kind of system and one that has just changed in  recent years.
 Now I think the change is good.
 Um,  the other thing that I learned about this and, uh,  this is apparently another thing, very common and more local elections,  because they tend to be more managerial positions.
  There is less of an emphasis on quote unquote party  politics, partisan politics.
 A lot of this is again, quote unquote,  nonpartisan politics where the candidates do not have an RDI  next to their names.
 That said,  if you are a registered Democrat or Republican, you are,  it's very easy to look that up.
  So you can kind of get a gauge of where these people may fall on the political  spectrum, which is more reliable than looking up the candidate websites,  all of which are the same cookie cutter templates and largely PR speak  and kind of confusing.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Sure.
 Uh, yeah.
 I mean, there's a,  it's just basically not putting that in your face because like I've noticed that  down, there's a race in orange County that still hasn't been decided.
 Uh,  and on all the flyers for both candidates,  they never mention Republican or Democrat,  even though they're clearly they have a party, but like just in the advertising,  either way, they're not trying to associate with parties.
 So like,  this is like an even more extreme version of it,  but like do a little digging and you can make a pretty good guess.
  Pretty good guess, especially some of them have ran for state assembly,  where you do know the political affiliation.
 Right.
 Well,  so what I'm thinking is we go,  how about we reveal this in backwards or let's because we have the results in  front of us.
 We know who was backed by sore slash Disney.
 Uh,  so you want to start with district six.
 That's what I'm thinking.
 Let's,  let's see.
 I let we're soaring over district six.
 Uh, okay.
  So, uh, the, uh, uh, all right.
  And I would say to council district six, uh, the, uh,  the Disney, uh, endorsed candidate, Trevor O'Neill, anti Disney,  Grant Henninger and Patty Gabby.
 And again, anti, I don't know.
 I,  I, some of these, I have numbers and some of them I don't in terms of who.
  Jose Moreno's district though.
 No, no, no.
 Okay.
 Excuse me.
 Um, okay.
  So, uh, but they, I'm also going, I think in backwards order of what they,  how much they spent on, on candidates.
 Uh, but okay.
  So again,  most of this coming through political action committees because there's a  certain amount individuals or companies can give, I think it's like $2,000,  2,500.
 There's a certain limit on what individuals can give.
  $2,000 is the limit.
 Yes.
 And, and,  but the way around that you give to a political action committee who gives to  your candidate of your choice.
  It's just a bunch of fucking shit that everyone's allowed to get away with this.
  So much cheating.
 It was all cute.
 It was very, Oh,  it wasn't a funny back in like 2006 when Colbert made his own political action  committee and we all laughed and had a good time.
 And now it's all, uh, hell.
  Since the Supreme court, uh, ruling in 2010,  that kind of changed and made corporations people, uh,  saying limits on how much money they could give essentially limits,  free speech rights.
 So like anything, it's all gotten a lot worse.
  All right.
 Anyway, but at least this one, depending on how it goes,  could lead to more rights.
 Uh, unlike other dark evil in the,  okay, so here we go.
 Disney's endorsed candidate, Trevor O'Neill.
  And in the election in district six, the winner was Trevor O'Neill.
  Disney takes a seat.
 Uh, all right.
 Moving on to district three.
  Uh, now they,  Disney fought hard in the last election and fought hard against a candidate  named Jose Moreno who you mentioned, uh, who is,  who has served since then.
 Uh,  and they put up a guy named Jordan Brandman who lost to Jose Moreno.
  I watched a little video of Jose Moreno seems like good, reasonable guy.
 Yeah.
  It seems, it seems like good, like good with the neighborhood.
 Um, and uh, you know,  again, not like it's not this harsh anti Disney rhetoric.
  He just wants the neighborhood to get a chair.
 Excuse me.
 Oh yeah.
 Disney.
 Um,  could we just a little tax, um, to fix some of the roads? Uh, no.
  Fuck you.
 Fuck yourself.
  Here is one of the hard, hard, firm,  ball busting lines of Jose Moreno.
 If Disney has its way in this election,  it's another worthwhile investment, a million dollars in an election.
  So you can get a $300 million subsidy.
 Moreno said at a council meeting  recently.
 Fuck you.
  Fuck you.
 Look, coming in hot.
 Communist son of a bitch.
  So they put up a candidate, Mitch Caldwell.
  Disney's candidate is Mitch Caldwell and the winner in Anaheim city council  district three is Jose Moreno.
  Does not take the seat.
 Uh, this seems good.
 Moreno seems good.
 Um,  so hopefully he is a voice for, uh, for the city of Anaheim.
  Nevermind.
 I won't say that until we're done with this.
 Okay, sure.
 Um,  so let's go back.
 Let's go to Anaheim city council district two,  uh, Disney's candidate, Jordan Brandman,  who had lost to Jose Moreno in the prior election.
  I don't know who was the main anti Disney.
  Vanderbilts I think is the name.
 Uh,  Disney spent almost $300,000 to support Brandman who  supported subsidies for Disney and luxury hotel developments while a city councilman.
  Uh, so Brandman is Disney's guy and in district two, the winner is  Jordan Brandman.
 Disney takes the seat.
  Two seats.
 Two so far of the three up for grabs.
  And that brings us to the mayor.
 Uh,  the main does eight candidates for mayor.
 Uh, probably,  you know, four or five were seemingly worthy of serious consideration.
  Main anti Disney candidate, Ashley Aitken, uh, again,  very just like should do their share and labor background, your hotel,  uh, service industry background.
 Oh, okay.
 Sure.
 The way I understand it.
 Okay.
  Uh, um, and by the way, also some of these, you know, did,  did Disney do these things directly? No.
 Did they funnel money into campaigns  that ultimately led to flyers that were like Aitken wants the homeless over  running the streets? And, uh, yes, Disney did lead to like scary flyers.
  Yeah, probably not dissimilar to Trump's like recent border fear tactics.
  So I'm the legal lead up to another candidate in this election was using the  angels logo in material.
 Uh, you are not supposed to do that.
  Oh, oh really? So that, oh, that's a, that's a cheat.
  Well, I think, I don't think the angels encouraged it saying, you know,  the companies don't typically want their official like logos and implied backing  of like, I want to keep this company.
 I want to keep the angels here.
  Like the angels were not funding that or something.
  So a little bit of shade in relationship.
 Yeah.
 Applied related.
  I see.
 Well, yes.
 So the,  the main guy who is soft on Disney who Disney supported a hairy Sid you is,  do we think that's the pronunciation? S I D H U.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I would guess.
 So, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Um, so,  and is he's been saying we're going to keep, uh, uh,  we're going to try to get angels to very, I mean, the easiest Google,  uh, is, is what political parties Harry said to you in a,  he's a Republican and he ran as a Republican for other positions and has a  lot on his website about like a business, small business,  the real heroes of America, small business owners.
  Like Disneyland, like Disneyland.
 Yes.
 And he's called it.
  He's called Disneyland the crown jewel of the city and we have to, uh, you know,  like, like we have to support them and it creates jobs.
 And, and by the way,  I'll voice that side of things that Disney builds hotels.
 It is,  they it is jobs.
 It is operated.
 It's tourism.
  It's a company town.
 Yeah.
 It isn't,  it isn't as if Disney having a free ticket to do whatever they want is like  specifically a malicious thing, but they just, they could treat people better.
  Those wages could be higher.
 Well, it's that article is Disney paying its fair  share in Anaheim.
 That's the question really.
 Yeah.
 And the answer is no,  I think.
  They could probably know.
  Or to pay more and think a little more about their workers wellbeing and not  just their shareholder wellbeing or executive wellbeing.
  Cause Lord knows Disney's executive compensation has followed the trend in  America of like workers wages go up a little bit.
  Executive wages go up a lot.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Absolutely.
 Um, okay.
  So Disney does not want Aitken.
  Disney wants Harry Sid you and the winner of the Anaheim mayoral election is  Harry Sid you Disney's man wins significantly.
  And I will say a lot of these results,  significant victories,  not a squeaker like so many of the midterm elections that we've seen.
  Disney demolished this election.
 They got everything they want.
  They flipped the council.
 The gates are open.
  They soared over campaign finance laws.
  Is very funny.
  Thank you.
 Yeah, they won a big,  I saw the number now that it's like basically the mayor also is Jason told me  before this is just sort of a member on the council.
 Basically.
  That's how this works is like everybody votes.
 He doesn't have any more,  really more.
 His vote doesn't matter more than anyone else.
  He's just sort of a ceremonial post as a figurehead and,  and also he represents Anaheim when dealing with the state government,  federal government, any sort of that sort of thing.
 Yeah.
  So it's in the current, the people who are pro and anti Disney stay.
  Uh, so, uh, but that, that brings it to, uh, what is it? I think it's,  I think it's five.
 Oh, five.
 I think it was five too.
 I saw it.
  I think that was about right.
 I was having trouble reading.
  I saw somebody's.
 Yeah.
 I was trying to read everyone,  but somebody said five to at least four, three.
  This is a another, uh, downside to media consolidation.
  It's very hard to find local coverage, uh,  or at least varied coverage.
 Honestly, the thing I was finding most up,  I was just typing into Twitter, Anaheim mayor, Anaheim city council.
  And that was kind of when we were texting last night, I was sending tweets.
  I was finding from the orange County reporters giving up.
  And like, like there's a, there was a couple, maybe one Disney Twitter.
  I'm going to pat ourselves on the back here.
  I didn't even see this as being a huge story for everyone.
  So like those bumper car boys really dropped the ball.
 Yes.
  By not covering this a little bit more.
 Only you're only getting the election  analysis.
 We were eyeing it last night.
 We were texting each other about it.
  This is, this is important info to analyze.
 And honestly,  I think this is a pretty big, I mean,  there's so much going on midterms wise in the world that I can see why this isn't  a more publicized situation.
 Hopefully in the next couple of months,  this is like, this does get more of a spotlight from, you know,  LA and orange County media, because think about this.
 This is like,  Disney has been boxed in by a combative mayor's office and city council and they  flipped it.
 It is pro Disney.
 They have their run of the city.
 Now,  they can do what they want and measure L passed, like you said,  but Disney thinks that it does not apply to them necessarily.
  The way the language is written, it doesn't seem like it does.
  The measure L thing is interesting because in the larger, uh,  picture of the midterms, a number of states, some of them very red past,  overwhelmingly minimum wage increases similar to this one.
  Uh, and I, I, I'll give him credit.
 I forget, uh, uh,  not him.
 Uh, I'll give them credit.
 Um,  their exact wording a writer named Alex Pirene, uh, pointed out like,  yeah, this is very interesting that, uh,  left leaning labor favoring, um,  policies, uh, uh, initiatives, propositions, that sort of thing,  do even in red states, red counties, red neighborhoods, uh,  are popular, are popular with voters, not necessarily,  but that doesn't always translate to Democrats or progressive candidates are  popular, but the ideas are popular.
  They like the ideas of the left,  but they wanted ass kicking, uh,  pile driving asshole leading the ship.
 We want real sons of bitches in charge.
  Really cornered ourselves in the insane cult of personalities that govern like,  uh, uh, politics in America.
  That's true.
 But it's always been like that actually, I think.
 Yeah,  I don't think that's wrong, but, uh,  we may have been cornering ourselves for 200 plus years.
 Yeah, no, I agree.
  Um, so, I mean, this makes me worried that, you know, if,  if Mickey is kind of like the,  the overseer unofficially of Disneyland,  are we going to see a rise of a more populist mean candidate like Pete or like  Captain Hook or like, uh,  are we going to start seeing Captain Hook leading the shows or James Woods is,  uh, Hades.
 Yeah, we're going to see Hades dethrone Mickey as the primary,  the most popular character in Disney is now Hades.
 Yeah.
  The planter is going to be Hades when you walk in,  you're going to look for hidden Hades all over all of the rides.
  The Alton Hades statue has been erected in Main Street.
 I hate to say it,  but I have read that like when Hades shows up in the park or like, you know,  spook like a ticketed defense, very popular.
  It puts Disney in a weird position cause James Woods is out of his mind.
  Well, as long as he's never going to do the voice again.
 So Scott,  would you take the role as Hades if offered to you? Yeah, that one.
 Yeah,  that one's no problem.
 Yeah.
  Sure thing babe.
 Yeah.
 I, uh, what's his deal?  He kind of talks a little more like a natural.
 He's kind of,  let's do lunch.
 Yeah, let's do it.
 Yeah.
 Go to Spago.
  He's like referencing 90s Hollywood stuff.
 Jokes Eisner likes.
 Sure.
  Yeah.
 Isn't that, that's my vague.
 All right.
 So there I've been to Spago.
  I like that.
  Or doesn't Hades sound like, uh, open the gates of hell.
  That's what, that's Hades voice, isn't it? Yeah.
 Okay.
  So what we have learned Disney, why everything we've talked about this.
  So what happens? What do we think happens?  It's a very good question because there's the,  there's like the depressing end and there's the least like, well,  I don't like that Anaheim is suffering,  but we do get two more theme parks in the next 10 years.
  I do feel like that.
 I think you're over optimistic.
 Yeah.
 No,  I didn't say that was happening.
 I'm saying there's the, there's the two extremes.
  I think.
 Oh, right.
 Okay.
 I think probably,  cause these terms like every two, they're staggered, these council seats too.
  So it's like every two years, I believe that some of them come up.
 Yes.
  Every two years, some of the seats.
  I have to imagine that we,  I think that we're going to just see a lot of these projects we're talking about  come back.
  I think we'll see more money for different things at downtown Disney,  maybe a paradise pier hotel redo, maybe one more hotel.
  There was talk also when that,  that hotel was initially going to be not where it is in downtown Disney,  that it was going to be situated that such that a wing of it would be the Star  Wars hotel in Anaheim, which they are building in Orlando.
 Okay.
  So there was talk that they would build that four diamond hotel,  but a wing of it is the interactive, crazy, expensive Star Wars hotel.
  So I feel like for two years,  they're just going to take care of that stuff.
  I think they'll build what they were already planning on building ride wise,  but I think that this,  this pro Disney thing has to last for years to get like third park because  there's, it doesn't seem like there's any, not a thought about it.
  They do not care as long as they're making as much money as they are.
  They can choke us.
  They'll do limited time events, other ticketed events,  and like they will put off new attractions for as long as they can.
  We haven't really had anything new, new, I guess guardians,  but that was a rescan.
  I mean, well, we've cars landed five, six years ago, whatever.
  And I do think we're in the, even without this, they're about to build more.
  Like obviously like Marvel, there's going to be at least some ride.
  We haven't even talked about how the sort of plans may be leaked.
  And there's the Spider-Man ride we thought was going to come is like now a very  like lame sounding shooter, 3d ride.
  Sounds a little gutted potentially.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But I mean, they're still going to,  there's the Mickey and Minnie's runaway railway is probably going to be built in  that is announced.
 And that is in that not for Disneyland.
  Is it not enough? It's, it's just a strong rumor.
 I'm saying,  but that has weird infrastructure implications too,  because that would go backstage in like the entertainment building,  which is also the building they launched the fireworks off of.
  So they have to figure out where to launch the fireworks,  where to put all those entertainment department.
 I think the residents homes,  people work out of the roofs of the apartment buildings behind the park.
  Yeah.
  I think the fireworks stuff was already like they were figuring out what to do  because of Star Wars land, but it is interesting that I heard that supposedly  they're just going to gut the building.
 The building is going to, is there already?  It's just an office building and they're just going to take the floors out and  then the rides going in there.
 Whoa.
  Cause it's a screen ride basically, but it's supposed to be very impressive.
  So it's just, they're going to,  the building is big enough where they can just set the screens up and have this  like a similar, I'm sure it'd be laid out a little different.
  And the only casualty in Toontown is a single gift shop.
 Like you would,  that would be the entrance,  but then you would go back towards this off backstage building.
  No attractions eliminated and you keep gadgets, go coaster,  you keep Roger Rabbit's cartoon spin.
  It's a best case scenario in terms of attractions and keeping Toontown intact.
  And it's like Tony said, there's a lot more land.
  He said Tony Baxter said in our live ups,  there's a lot more land than you think at Disneyland that's still available.
  And if you look on the map,  you can kind of see what he's talking about back there.
 So,  so there's my point was just that they're building a lot of rides.
  I don't know that that was going to change depending on this election,  but I think at least the next two years,  we're going to see a lot of that type of parking garage stuff, hotel stuff,  downtown Disney.
  Probably this hotel comes back.
 Maybe Eastern gateway comes back.
  Yeah.
 I think they're probably right now parsing what this decision means for  them.
 Do you want to take it a step further?  Do we think that it's possible that some of these local hotels in order to keep  them in compliance,  that we have armed guards with Mickey shaped armor  and heavy assault rifles like watching over the Howard Johnson across the  street.
 Do we have,  do we have armed Mickey guards policing Anaheim under the purview of Mayor  See You?  That's a sort of twisted idea I would expect from escape from tomorrow.
  Escape from tomorrow.
  Uh, there will, there will be a rise of cat flu.
  Mayor said you will know about it.
  Scott will not do anything that I mean, the,  the looking head to the future, uh,  should they confirm the Mickey and Mickey mini runaway railway?  Presumably that would mean brand new attraction back in Toon town.
  They're not,  they could not stop closing Toon town at like six or seven o'clock at night.
  I would think it would have to keep Toon town open all night to get people into  this brand new attraction that would take some people away from star Wars land.
  And, uh, even if they scale back on the fireworks,  do more projection a kind of stuff.
 Well, we got a brand new ride.
  We got people out of the mess of star Wars land.
  Is that a win win for a little while until we figure out a fireworks  alternative?  Wait, what you're saying that they're gonna, that that,  they're just going to stick with what they're doing.
  Well, I'm saying if the,  if they do confirm that the Mickey and mini runaway railway is going back into  town, they keep Toon town open later at night.
  It takes away some of the crowds from star Wars land.
 Yeah.
  Maybe the fireworks aren't as impressive for a little while,  but isn't that a net positive that we get some people out of star Wars land and  keep them distracted with the shiny new attraction.
  You sure fireworks become a screen fireworks or a screen.
  Yeah.
  They fly in Anaheim airspace loud noisy helicopters allowed by the mayor.
  Right.
 To go back to what Scott is saying, uh, the, with the armed guards,  do you think that the fireworks start to become missiles and they can shoot them  at people and businesses in Anaheim to make the businesses blow up?  Well, that's the sort of twisted idea I would expect it.
 Banksy's Dismaland.
  Like captain kids buffet will get shot at by firework missiles.
  They're asking for it already with their military imagery there.
 They've,  with calling themselves captain,  they've presented an affront all these years to the Disney resort and yeah,  now they're going to pay for it.
 Uh, they've, there's been talk about drones in,  in Disney shows, coordinated drones,  making shapes and making Mickey ears and stuff.
  What's to stop those drones from, uh, given captain kids or what,  what shooting fireworks bombs at them.
  I think that on the bridge will now be maybe extended and that you will have  little like kind of things that'll like areas that you'll jut out and you'll be  able to walk up and down Harbor above it and spit on the businesses.
  Like the tourists can spit along.
  Surely that would undo the parlay that Disney has had with captain kids  establishment for many years.
  Well that's what this is all about.
 I think.
  And there will be,  and they'll also have increased funds to have drinking fountains every five  feet on the bridge so you can be nice and salivated.
  So it's not just a soft amount of spit.
 It's a torrent of spit.
  When you want to, uh, you know, uh, forget what else is down there.
  The Annabelle they'll hand out a dip to.
  Oh, sure.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So you can, yeah, you,  you can blacken the sidewalks outside of these places.
  And then the Yelp reviews start going down filthy sidewalks spit everywhere.
  I would never stay here.
 I'd only stay at the new luxury star Wars hotel.
  You know, there's gotta be a review somewhere of someone going like,  I don't like going to Disneyland.
  I get a lot of dirty looks when I dip,  when I walk around with my dip cup.
  We got to Google that to see if that's, uh, that's the case.
  I'm thinking about something.
 I think maybe it's, you know,  what I'm concerned about with this increased power that Disney is going to  have by flipping these seats.
  I think it presents a problem for local businesses and local other theme parks.
  Like they're,  they have such power now in the face of places like knots who we've become more  friendly with.
 And I think it's important.
  What I think is that there should be legislation that kind of reaches a handout  to knots.
 And that's why I think we, uh, should,  our pack, the PTR pack should introduce a measure.
  And I want to call the measure measure ADG.
  And this would provide crucial infrastructure for the building of a ride that  would link Disneyland to knots, Barry farm.
  You didn't catch my drift.
 I mean, ADG would have,  I just chose those letters at random, right? But it could provide for the,  you know, for the installation of a ride based on the Apple dumpling gang,  the ride that we pitched to Tony Baxter that would shuttle people back and  forth between knots and Disney.
  And that would show that we are the greatest imagineers of the 21st century.
  Well, I think that is a great idea.
  I think we need to make everyone know that we are the greatest imagineers of the  21st century.
 But we also,  this also makes sense just from other stuff that we're doing on the podcast.
  What was the, is the pack is ADG? Is that what we call it? What did you call?  Oh, PTR pack.
  The PTR pack would, I mean, there's probably a, you know, way to disguise  that it's us, uh, you know, it's, it's some little acronym.
  It's it's im improve our rights.
 I, I,  I was pack the childless pack.
 Great.
 Uh, uh, and,  I mean, really we should figure out something that Wolf stands for us that we  can be the Wolf pack.
 Oh, that's good.
 You know, so like, you know,  well that's workers, uh, overseeing, uh,  I have to figure out the math on that, but the, you know, the,  the pod pack, the PTR pack, the Wolf pack, we all, we, whatever it is,  we introduce measure ADG and which I think,  and that's going to land with such a bang.
 I think it'll pass easily.
  And I think the person front and center of measure ADG,  Jason Sheridan will prove that he has what it takes to get further involved in  local politics and become the mayor of the DLR.
  Well, it's time we all rolled up our sleeves and use the levers of power to  our, to benefit our,  ourselves and others for we are the, the theme park going public.
  And I also would like to allocate some of the money from that pack from a  proposition I'm calling proposition T proposition T requires all  ice cream sold at Disney to come with one complimentary  topping unless you don't want it.
 I think it's time.
  Is there a discount if you don't want it? You know what? If you don't want it,  there is a slight discount.
 I like that.
  It's like not getting chips with your corn dog.
 You pay a little less.
  You should.
 Yes.
 I like the sound of this.
  This is like a pretty fully worked out proposition.
 It's, it's,  I think it's time to pass some of the,  the benefits of all of this development back to the guests,  you know, and it's certainly not going to be Disney lowering prices anytime.
  So that would be the craziest news story theme park news is seeding years.
  If they're like tickets are $20 less now.
 I mean,  they should do that.
 That would be great.
  But in the meantime,  we need to look for other avenues to get the benefits to people.
  And I think a complimentary topping of sprinkles or nuts or fudge or however,  you, the ice cream buyer,  guests choose to allocate that that is your choice.
  I think that is a great idea.
 I think that is a really nice first proposal.
  I had an idea and I tell me if this is wild.
  You've been doing some reporting for us lately.
  There's going to be an episode on the patron coming out.
  You did some good reporting.
 You went to report at universal horror nights.
  What if we send you Jason Sheridan, future mayor of Disneyland,  our cub reporter to interview the mayor of Anaheim,  Harry Sidhu and you sat down with him and you just talked a little bit.
  You sort of took his temperature on everything where it was going.
  I don't think this is out of the realm of possibility.
  I don't think there's a ton of people's we're talking about.
  It's hard to find good coverage of this stuff in Anaheim.
 Is there a chance?  First of all,  would you agree to a sit down with the mayor of Anaheim and do we think we can  make it happen?  I mean, I'd need to think about that.
  For the sake of the show, I'll say yes.
 For the sake of my wellbeing,  I'll say I'm now covered in a Jeff Garland episode, levels of Flopps.
  I don't have him here or anything.
 I'm not about to ambush you.
  Oh, not Jeff.
 Jeff is not here.
 Harry is not here.
  You're going to meet the mayor now.
 We're going to meet me.
  All right.
 So you'll think about it.
 I mean,  I think the fans would like Jason to sit with Harry.
  Hashtag Jason and Harry, I guess.
  Mayor meets mayor.
 Mayor meets mayor.
 Mayor meets future mayor.
  How many minutes do you think it would take for  my contempt for the current political system in America to  just seep out of my pores?  I think that's a good test for you because you have to work with people that  necessarily don't necessarily agree with everything.
  You have to work with Hades and Peet.
 You're going to have to reach across the aisle.
  Yes, you're going to have to reach out to that hook.
  Could cut your hand, but you could learn something in the process.
  There was.
 I did see a, I think it was Guy Selga posted a picture from,  I don't remember if this was when Poo ran for president,  but it was a piece of paper and one side you tore off to vote for Poo and another  side you tore off to vote for Captain Hook.
  What? He was the opposite?  Wow.
 Really?  Hook was running for, oh God, what was it? Was it president?  Which if this was, I'm not sure that that election corresponded with the  presidency of Richard Nixon, but I feel like it might have, it was in the 70s,  but I could be wrong.
  But if Nixon was the sitting president and then like there was, as I was saying,  like a little like weird right wing uprising, if Poo had lost the Poo  election and then they had to do events where Captain Hook is the main  president.
  I mean, it's entirely possible Poo went the McGovern route and lost  resoundingly.
  Poo at 8% crushing blow to the, his, his pro ice cream campaign.
  I will break a story right now that we teased early in the episode.
  Oh, the breadcast Joe Saunders did write on the Vicky Attaversary special.
  Wow.
 That was him.
  Wow.
 We got to sit down with him.
  Oh, that's a great reason to have him on.
  Put him in the hot seat and see if he wrote Mickey Mouse is a round face  cartoon character.
  Oh, why? Good point.
  What if those were like weird sly, like attempts at dry jokes and that we are  the, why they jumped out at us is because it was like the wry sensibilities of Joe  Saunders.
  It's entirely possible that our overwhelming sincerity about theme parks  and such blinded us to the irony part of our brains that have been destroyed.
  I, well, I hope it's possible that Joe Saunders just sent in a single pitch and  the pitch was Mickey drums.
  And then he left.
  He collected a paycheck and, and my brain was the better for it.
  I'm very well, we got to talk.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  We all show attempts to get the full scoop on Mickey's on the Mickey's 90th writers  or the oral history of Mickey's 90th.
  We have promised a lot on this episode and that's just another promise we've made.
  But I can't wait to get all of it by Friday.
  We promise more promises.
  Yes.
  Well, mayor to mayor sit down Joe Saunders, oral history, Stamos guests, Stamos  will be a guest.
  This is the cat.
  We're starting to make promises for 20 90 and the formation of our pack.
  And if there's anything else you'd like our pack to get up to, please let us know.
  You know, I think it's been pretty fascinating to, you know, view everything  going on in Anaheim through the lens of our current political climate and talk  about the way that corporations take advantage of the little people.
  I'd also like to say that the Earl of Sandwich newly reopened now is presenting  the item, the holiday ham featuring ham, cheddar, yams and cranberry sauce  on freshly toasted artisan bread.
  It will join longtime favorite holiday turkey starting on Monday, November 5th.
  Well, that was this week.
  So that's that I buried the lead.
  That's the biggest headline of the week.
  Enjoy those sandwiches along with peppermint brownie peppermint brownie  for the perfect quick bite holiday lunch at the Disneyland Resort.
  Wow.
 Did you you're triggering him again?  You know that he hasn't had lunch.
  You're trying to get him.
 The flop sweat is now doubled.
  I'm very curious.
  I have not sampled because they always seem to be out of them.
  When I was there, the Earl of Sandwich brownies, but I have had some  shitty brownies the last few years.
  I feel like they're the number one item you see in a bakery case that looks good.
  And it turns out to be very stale.
  Well, you can talk to Mayor Sidhu about that and see if he what his brownie take is.
  No more dry brownies.
  And maybe just maybe you guys can shake hands and have found common ground.
  You survived podcast, the right strident political edition.
  This was this was interesting.
  I've been looking forward to this discussion.
  We'll get back to to nonsense soon enough.
  And as we said, nonsense is available at the at the Patreon right now.
  All about botanicals.
  But for for for regular nonsense politics or not,  you can follow us on Twitter, Instagram, join our Facebook group.
  You can buy T-shirts at T-Public.
  T-Public.
  The T-shirt with we should make a shirt  that's like a listing of all of the political figures Jason will be sitting down with  on his on his mayor quest.
  Like like a concert tour on my burning bridges rounds.
  As long as you don't burn the Eastern Gateway Bridge.
  Sure to be built now at the Anaheim Resort.
  Yeah.
 Anything else?  I don't know.
 Yeah.
  Just support us on the pack.
  We forgot to plug the pack.
  Support the pack.
  We'll have another donate.
  We'll have a link for that.
  We saw this money.
 Support our podcast.
  That's good.
 Just a bunch of sops.
  All right.
 Well, we'll we'll see you next time.
  Thanks for listening.
 Bye.
  Forever.
  This has been a forever dog production,  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Baum, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
