 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Hold on, let me.
.
.
  Shove a full protein bar in your mouth?  I'm putting this in.
  Waiting for you to finish eating a protein bar.
 You just show- you couldn't have casually like nibbled on it during the show?  I guess that's bad form.
  You've got a full mouth.
 I am putting this in.
 This is the start of the episode.
  Podcast the Ride the Second Gate  for our very first character meet-and-greet.
  Welcome to the character meet-and-greet.
 Yes.
  You know, we talk about  rides for hours and hours, but in the course of doing so, skip, pass, getting to spend  quality time, right, with highly  developed characters and get like really getting to know them and getting to know what they're all about.
  Consider this if the, you know,  if the main show is a talk show, this is more of the sit-down, the one-on-one.
  This is like the very popular out of the gate Alec Baldwin show where he sits down and has a  great in-depth one-on-one conversation with one of his favorite people.
 Right, yeah.
  This is exactly like the Alec Baldwin show.
 So Alec Baldwin show of podcasts.
  Now this is just Alec Baldwin talking to Paul Simon every week, is that correct?  Every week it's Alec and Paul.
  Lauren's refuse, the people Lauren was willing to relinquish the numbers of.
  And in that spirit, every time we do a character meet-and-greet, it will be about botanicus.
  Teacher botanicus.
  So every time we do a character meet-and-greet, just botanicus.
  It seems possible that we just keep doing it.
  The only thing, only thing preventing this potentially is the lack of meat on the bone.
  Yeah, we don't know a lot as you have said.
  There is not a lot of  backstory, but as opposed to other barely there  theme park characters who just appear in quick scenes, there's a whole book that delves into.
  Yes, let's start with just a  brief summing up of both of our histories with botanicus.
  Yes, just briefly, some people probably know this and we've talked a little bit about it on the show.
 Me personally,  I became associated with botanicus from doing a show on the internet called Screen Junkies Movie Fights.
  Where you know, people.
  What ended up happening with Screen Junkies Movie Fights?  Nothing, because it's still going and everything was fine and nothing is going weird or wrong.
  And that's so yeah, it's fine.
 Everything's existing.
  Yeah, everything exists.
 So yeah, everything is great with them.
  And this is about four years ago, and I don't know.
 I think, no, I was on a show, it was Nick Monday.
  And I and Hal Rudnick and hosted by Dan Murrell at the time.
 Just the four of us, no one else.
  We were pitching TV shows based on things we liked.
 So Monday, of course, said Demolition Man.
  And because he loves Demolition Man, he loves Stallone movies.
  And I said that I would like a full show based on ET and the ET ride  specifically and that a big part of it, I wanted for a big part of the show would be about  ET's teacher, Botanicus, from the ET Adventure Ride.
  Right.
  And I signed off, I think the show sang hashtag Botanicus.
  And it is.
  If you had anything to promote, you can promote your own wares.
  You can promote it.
  I'm assuming this episode is going to be called hashtag Botanicus.
  Yeah, we might as well.
 I think we may as well do it.
  Solid idea.
  Because people will say, yeah, so it is a thing like that people will say to me,  like, which is embarrassing, I guess.
  Yeah, I've seen it.
  Yeah.
 When we started hanging out, it was almost a guarantee that somewhere  that somebody would say hashtag Botanicus.
  And then some people, some people would miss what it was.
  They just kind of liked the sound of it, I think.
  And then some people would like be like, hey, hashtag Botanical or something.
  Or like that botanical thing is really funny.
  And be like, oh, you know what I'm talking about?  Hashtag Mazebo.
  Yeah.
 So so.
  And it was kind of I think it probably  you know, you were you were starting to you.
  You had that platform of the screen junkies thing and that you were starting to like  you were kind of like outing yourself as a big old theme park nerd.
  Yeah.
 And I think probably a lot of people, it seems like from comments  and message boards were endeared to your mentioning of this and the idea.
  And like, oh, he's that he's obsessed with this odd little fragment of this ride  that a lot of people forget about.
  And this and but long before you had outlets to do nothing but talk about.
  Jason's taken some of his photos.
  Selfie of themselves.
  No, I'm listening.
  At least on the slide.
  Hold on.
  How are you?  You put it back up and let me take a photo of what it looks like.
  No, no, no.
 You put your phone back up and I'm going to post this.
  I'm trying not to.
  And this is what it looks like and I'll post it.
  And it looks like you're selfieing while we're talking.
  Well, I was trying to get all of us talking to post like a follow up to the anniversary.
  I think that's a great idea.
  Just to the to the naked eye, it appeared that you were like a 15 year old on a roller coaster.
  But you had this you had this going.
  You had it's fine.
  Yes, everything is fine.
  We'll post it.
  I'm just going to show I'm just going to show what it looked like.
  I am happy with how my selfie came out.
  We were both too distracted to not.
  Because I think we both thought you could see both of our heads going like,  should we ignore that?  Should we ignore that?  Because there was like two solid beats, I think, in both of our heads and went,  I guess we can ignore whatever he's doing today.
  OK, I understand Jason had a run in with a clerk at a 7-Eleven.
  All right, let's get this out of the way before Mike could talk about the Z-Bow.
  We're in the guy wasn't even there and I just heard about it.
  I was trying to buy a protein bar at 7-Eleven.
  It was on there on on the box attached to the box was a bunch of coupons,  as in like take take the protein bar and then take the coupon with you.
  You can use it when you buy the bar.
  And the guy looked like I paid in in some Eastern European  country that doesn't exist anymore as currency.
  And then a line started to form as he's figuring out he's like someone down.
  So that was a great way to come off our Haunted Mansion episode  and roll into this episode.
  It was funny.
  It was just a funny reveal to me because I was long through the 7-Eleven line.
  I was outside.
  I'm outside and then I watch it.
  What's going on?  And Jason looks frustrated and then the clerk is like waving around a coupon.
  What's going on?  And you can clearly see the text.
  Seventy five cents off.
  Realizing that was the sort of thing.
  I mean, the prices of those protein bars anyway, go back.
  So great that Jason was all doing a coupon for me.
  You're distracting in a million ways today.
  So this is where we're at.
  This is the level of snipping is now a year in and this is funny.
  We tweeted about this, but we did one one year ago  today, the first as we record this, not as you're hearing it,  one year as we record this was the first episode of podcast, The Riot,  which was about the ET adventure.
  And we chose that partially because of your connection to it  and my connection to it as well.
  And I think it's a nice sign of where we're at now  that we feel comfortable enough to ramble and rail about the just,  the single character that we already covered that we're going back for sure.
  We only did-  We'll overlap material here, I think, but maybe not.
  There's a lot of new stuff.
  We only did five to 10 minutes about Botanicus before.
  I feel like that's the audience craves more.
  Time standards changed.
  Yeah.
 So just to sum up.
  So yeah, I periodically, if I appeared on that show, Movie Fights,  on like once or twice a year, I would reference this and I would  pitch another Botanicus show or something and I'll tease for the end.
  So remind me if I don't that something I performed on a Movie Fights,  I found on the internet a cover of.
  So something I did a year or two ago, I found my, I'll just say a song I wrote  very quickly and to throw off some, a band covered it.
  What?  It's on YouTube and it's been, so we'll play it at the end.
  We never see that, do you?  No, I've never seen it before.
  I've just Googled ET Botanicus and up like the seventh,  like the seventh result or something, it says Botanicus, won't you love me?  And I looked at it and it says Botanicus from the Botanicus solo movie,  which I've honestly forgotten what I did.
  Like I make this crap up very fast when I'm doing Movie Fights.
  So I, he wrote, there's a link to the original song of my appearance and then it says,  Just a goof song by Mike Carlson.
  Whoa.
  And it's been viewed 265 times.
  But you've been covered, that's amazing.
  That after, like there were some nice covers of your composition, the City Walk.
  Yeah, that was crazy and I was not expecting that and that was very lovely and thank you  everyone who did that.
  Off covered artists.
  But those people made it a show, people were like, here, look what I did.
  This, this is just sitting here.
  No one tweeted this at me.
  Well, there wasn't yet a great hub for Mike Carlson fandom,  which we're now deep within here in the second gate.
  So yeah, that's a little bit about me and hashtag Botanicus.
  And then of course on the City Walk episode with your wife, Erin,  we delved into your personal relationship and the tragedy of Botanicus.
  You may have heard if we, if you heard that episode, but yeah, the first that my wife,  my now wife and I hung out in what became us dating and having a relationship,  she came to take my Universal tour and I was like, how can I spice this up for these guys  and my other friends who I was excited were there?  Why don't I go show them something that I got to see backstage,  which was the rotting corpse of the Botanicus robot.
  Missing its skin.
  If you're listening, you may now have seen the photo where like, you know, skull eyes,  robotic innards and the big platform that he's on, but everything else is not present.
  I think there was another one.
  There was another one of ET's friends, like mushroom guy also in a similar state.
  And I, you know, I also, first of all, before showing Erin this,  getting to like walking around the corner with a couple of tour guide friends.
  And being given no warning and like the exact dream of what you would want to find.
  If I were to go, you would say, if I went backstage Disneyland,  I'd want to see like a bunch of Lincoln's all in a pile.
  A mass grave of Lincoln's.
  Unclothed, just like body parts all splayed out.
  And that was backstage at this place.
  We joked about this when we went backstage at Knott's.
  You got very excited for dilapidated dusty rapids rides.
  Yeah, I was dragging and then seeing,  yeah, three rapid cars sitting around.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  You want it to be, you want the backstage theme parks to be like  that really cool ad from a couple of years ago for the Main Street Religious Parade  where it's this magic warehouse where everybody where Rex lights up and makes a sound  and the monster roars.
  And that was a rare case of that, except that Botanica is not in pristine condition.
  It's rotting out there, but he was this, it was this like  centerpiece to what became the primary relationship in my life.
  And I think like, I mean, you and I started hanging out, Mike,  from mutual theme park fandom, but I think I'm sure that I remember the  Botanicus thing being on my radar and like, no kidding, but he's a big Botanicus guy.
  So it's like, so Botanicus is a spirit of benevolence who brings people together.
  If you knew Botanicus, there you're in a certain level of weirdo nerd.
  Yeah.
 And to me, it's like everything that all of this stuff is about, like not to be too  pretentious about it, but then I feel like it's like the level is why I'm glad we started with  that episode of the podcast.
  Like the taking a little shred of mythology and taking it extremely seriously, perhaps  more seriously than the people who actually made the for sure more seriously.
  That's part of what's funny to me about Botanicus or anything like this is like it's there and it's  alluded to, but it's not really, it's not really explained super well.
  It's a little bit rushed past and you know that what it results in for 95% of the guests on the  ride, they end up leaving the thing and going like, oh, that was cool.
  And we saw the old ET, like nobody, and we're the only psychopaths who recall and like, no,  we have to think about this for longer.
  What is he? Who is he?  And why?  Millions of people wrote ET and it's gotta be-  They know Botanicus, but they don't know him.
  They don't know him, but they also just don't know his name.
  Yeah.
  And it's like, it is funny to me that millions of people have seen it and it has a name, but  there's, what do we think in the world, the amount of people that know the name Botanicus?  It can't be a lot because I was looking up hashtag Botanicus, I was looking it up on  Twitter and a lot of it's related to you and before-  And it hasn't happened as much lately.
  Sure, sure.
 But before you were popularizing this was, yeah, you're one of the Google image  results is-  Yes.
  Based on you.
 There's very little to go off of.
 So a number of people who know,  who think about, I don't know, 10,000?  I was going to say it's gotta be like 10, 20 at the most maybe.
  I remembered him as like a kid, like if not the first ride I would have written at,  like my family went down to Universal when we were in Orlando, like 91, 92,  and that probably would have been like the main, that and back to the future were the  main things I remember riding.
  So did you as a kid recall the name Botanicus or were you more like the old ET?  Didn't go on until I was a little older.
  Oh, okay.
  Didn't go on as a kid.
 So yeah, so, and even the first time though I went on ET,  did not know the name Botanicus.
 I think I was only when I started getting way into it  in the last 10 years when I was reading about stuff and I went, his name is Botanicus?  Like, huh?  And it's really, it's really something and you, and what it does is like open up this whole,  where I, I don't want to go out of order.
 I mean, we should stay focused on the ride,  but Botanicus is like the key that unlocks the expanded ET universe, which only exists in this  one, in this other book and has never been included in a film and is not really present  in the main movie ET, The Extraterrestrial.
  No, there's no hint.
  No.
  Of any of this, which of course means it was all created after and it was an afterthought.
  And probably in the efforts to capitalize on stuff like, I mean, from what I can tell,  obviously ET, the film, giant blockbuster when it came out, the soundtrack,  John Wayne soundtrack, massive deal.
  T-shirts, stuffed ETs.
  The Michael Jackson narrated record of the ET story of a huge deal.
  What?  So the single film, yeah.
 This is, this is like a bit, this sold a lot.
 This was a huge deal.
  Oh, I had no idea.
 I just, I feel like I just thought, oh, that's a picture.
  Like I can picture the picture of them, but isn't that for reading? Does it say like read on it?  Did they make that picture of the two of them? Like a library photo?  I think from that session, but no, there's a whole, yeah, there's a record of him  telling the story of ET.
 I have to be honest, I've never listened to it.
 I have it.
 I've never  listened to it.
 So maybe that would have been good prep for this.
  Sure.
 Is this song, is the song on it? The one where ET like, like has a little talk in the middle  or like either there's an interlude.
 What do you mean? I don't know.
 There's a song,  I'm like, oh man, this is stuff we really, there's actually a lot more than I thought there would be,  but there's a Michael Jackson song with ET like appears on the song.
  What?  He doesn't sing, but he has like a, I always, my sister and I would always be like joking that  he was like, thank you, Michael in the middle of the song, but it's not, let me find it here.
  I'll cut this out.
 Probably ET song.
 It's a, and somewhere, someone in the dark.
  Oh, that's from, okay.
 I know that it's not on that album released later as a thriller,  bonus track.
 But I actually don't, I don't know.
 I shouldn't have read it, but the, but like the,  the point is clearly they were thinking this is a, this is a big franchise that we've had multiple  like take home items and records and bits.
 So like we have to keep this going and which is where we  end up with this book.
 Yeah.
 And they did it in such a lazy way too, cause there's like talk of  a second movie too, we can talk about, which has, does not have botanicals anywhere in any story  treatments.
 It's mostly on earth and it's bizarre and dark and it's called nocturnal fears and it's  readily available to see the actual story, like outline or proposal.
 Jason, you want to look at  this book? Maybe we don't get into the book yet.
 Or should we talk about how he is like what we  see him doing in the ride? Okay.
 Yeah, that's good.
 We can start with that.
 But just for full  setting the scene in context.
 Cause it really, even though the ride comes after the book,  but your first, most people's first introduction to him is on, is on the ride.
 Yeah.
 So let's say  through the presence of specifically botanicus within this attraction, the first that you hear  of him is when Steven Spielberg himself is giving you a warning and giving you essentially your  permission for what you have to do during the ride.
 The first time around was him saying,  you're going to be in a movie and this is what's happening.
 Then it became you, you have to actually  have to save VT.
 So he explains that ET is in trouble.
 Scientists are after him, but it's even  worse on the green planet, which is where he is from.
 There's maybe something you don't know in  film.
 Do you, is the green planet named? I don't think the green planet is named.
  Yeah.
 And it has many names too.
 It's other prominent name is Brodo Ezoge.
  And that makes the ET race Brodo Ezogeans.
 Yes, exactly.
 Yeah.
 So that's what, if you're  wondering what ET is, they are not ET's, they are Brodo Ezogeans.
 They just kept hitting it out of  park when it came to ET stuff.
 Clean, simple mythology.
 So the green planet is dying.
 You  look at a very terrifying early CGI depiction of a planet just being stripped of its color.
  What's going to happen to our planet of earth in apparently 20 years.
 We should learn,  we should read, maybe the book of the green planet has the clues that we need to deal with our own  crisis.
 I think that's true.
 Everyone does.
 It's very important that everyone read this book.
 So  the green planet is dying.
 Only ET's healing touch can save it.
 And ET's teacher Botanicus.
  Botanicus, as Steven still very stultedly says.
 ET's teacher Botanicus.
 And that's really what  it's all about because you were hearing the director of the real movie ET say this word  with something between unfamiliarity and boredom all the way up to potential disdain.
 I don't think  Spielberg ever signed off on the concept.
 Maybe he signed off on it.
 I don't think Botanicus is his  idea.
 I don't think it was the idea of the screenwriter of the movie.
 This is the question  that I should have done this months ago, years ago.
 I did email William Cotswinkle,  the book, the guy who wrote the book, his blog.
 There's no response yet.
 So if something for some  reason comes up and he wants to answer an insane question, we'll add an addendum to this episode.
  And if there's no addendum, just assume he never emailed back.
 But yes, it's unclear who is actually  Botanicus' creator because it says based on a story by Steven Spielberg, but that could just mean  he gets the credit and those sweet book publishing dollars that come in.
 Who knows, really? Or it is  possible.
 Steven was like, well, of course ET heals things.
 So of course his whole planet is just  his vegetation.
 Maybe he just shit something out.
 And this guy, William, just came up with Botanicus  because it's a botanical.
 It's very lazy.
 It's not particularly interesting.
 I mean, I disagree.
  That actually is a better, there's some shitty names in this book.
 And Botanicus is actually one  of the better ones.
 But it's funny.
 It's based on a word from Earth for sure.
 Yeah, of course.
  Whereas everything else is named the flop, gloppel and teakley and all of these things.
  Yes.
 And like Orbitron, I think is the mushroom man.
 Orb-a-don.
 Orb-a-don.
 Oh, that's right.
  Confusingly similar to Orbitron, which is a Disney, Disneyland thing.
 And which is the one that screams?  That's Magdol.
 Magdol, yeah.
 No fan of Magdol.
 So Botanicus is a good name.
 I apologize to Botanicus.
  But it's funny also that Spielberg says it wrong or not.
 Or just kind of odd.
 I don't know.
 Like  not confidently in the pronunciation of it.
 Because I was always just botanical, botanicus.
  And he goes botanical.
 Like a sheep or a baa.
 Like if someone says chaperoon.
  Sure.
 Someone says something very strange.
 That's something you said on the show.
 Yeah.
  We haven't.
 Maybe there are people that are just listening to the Patreon episodes  and they don't know that you said that on the main show.
 That is true.
 Yeah.
 Well,  because it was in the middle of the City Walk Sock Us.
 So they may have tapped out for that  extra content and they tapped back in for this extra content.
 I think the legend of Jason's  chaperoon looms large.
 I think everyone knows.
 Chaperone mixed with a macaroon.
  I love a macaroon.
 That would be a good character for the E.
T.
 ride.
 Like a  chaperone that's also a macaroon.
 A little.
 Same chaperoon.
 You must save chaperoon.
  He's friends.
 Chaperoon.
 Chaperoon.
 Bouguette de Peppo.
  Bouguette de Peppo.
 Jason's mispronunciations are also a good E.
T.
 character.
 They all fit right  next to each other.
 And then one of my favorite E.
T.
 characters.
 Oh, sorry.
 Can I say one thing?  Yeah.
 Also, in addition to Spielberg saying it kind of odd, if you want, it's still, this ride  is still there in Florida and it's kind of permanently closed captioned.
 And so the words  of everything Spielberg is saying are on the screen and it's spelled botanicus with two T's.
  Yes.
 Right, right, right.
 Yeah.
 So even so, no, Spielberg doesn't know how to say it.
 The closed  captioners don't know how to spell it.
 It's all, this is such a clumsy mythology and it's all  based on not the film, but a book that no one, no theme park goer can write.
  Here's a secret about closed caption.
 I used to work at a post-production house.
  Closed caption files would show up well into the 2010s on floppy disks.
  They would just show up and everyone and when they were needed, it was very important.
  But a lot of times they're just like, enter it in the system, throw it in the box.
 Like people  are annoyed by it.
 And eventually the company transitioned to, oh, they're just going to email  it to us because dot cc file are so tiny, like tiny, tiny, like, yeah, what do you have to  transport them physically? It's tech with some sort of, but it was just like, yeah, that it,  they arrived and that people were immediately annoyed by the, like, this is, this is really  important for the people who need these to enjoy entertainment.
 Like probably wouldn't be jazzed  that everyone's so annoyed by the cc disks.
 Right.
 And there are people that they can't  hear very well that now spell botanic is the wrong way.
 Oh, God.
 That's a tragedy.
  You must correct them.
 That's the public service we're providing.
 Yeah.
 I'm sorry.
  Wait.
 I didn't have something years ago.
 What was I saying? I don't even remember.
 Oh,  my favorite.
 I don't think this is not created in the same time, but my favorite et character,  maybe the other than botanic is an et is in attack.
 No, no, it's in a revenge of the Sith.
  Oh yes.
 The Senator, Senator greeble, greeble, which is Spielberg spelled backwards.
 Yeah.
  And it's not Spielberg himself.
 No, it's not like when George Lucas is in makeup in one of those,  no, it's just an et.
 They cut to like a Senate hearing thing and there's a like a group of ets  there, a group of ag bar.
 Yeah.
 Ignacians.
 What are they? Brotozogean.
 Brotozogean.
 But I didn't  read.
 I think maybe we talked a little bit about this, but I didn't realize the voting record of  Senator greeble.
 Wait, wait, wait.
 Can you run by me? There's just a shot of a bunch of ets.
  Two or three ets on one of the little pods in the Imperial Senate in revenge of the Sith.
  How did they square that? Okay.
 What are you upset about? I'm just confused.
 I didn't,  I don't know.
 It seems legally dicey.
 In 32 BBY, Queen Amidala of Naboo called for a vote of no  confidence in Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum.
 Greeblebs and his delegation were present,  joining the fracas that ensued throughout the grand convocation chamber.
 Shortly before the  wars, Greeblebs funded an extra galactic survey.
 As the war neared its end, he became part of  delegation of 2000 legislators who filed a formal protest against Valorum's successor, Palpatine,  for actions they perceived as unconstitutional.
 When Palpatine turned the Republic into the  galactic empire, Greeblebs was arrested by Imperial intelligence on charges of conspiracy  and treason for plotting with the Jedi order to remove Palpatine from office.
 So Greeblebs is a  great resistance.
 Yes.
 Wow.
 So I think Greeblebs should be in some of these new Star Wars movies.
  Yeah.
 And Senator Greeblebs persisted.
 Greeblebs was, he was no, he was not some interstellar Jeff  Flake.
 No.
 He was on the right side of things.
 Yeah.
 Oh man.
 And the next one, you know, Ray and  Finn and the Luke's force ghost are just standing around and you just hear like, I think I can help.
  It's just, and they go Senator Greeblebs.
  Another one of JJ's puzzle boxes or whatever the fuck he calls it.
 Greeblebs is spelled G-R-E-B-L-E-I-B-S.
  So just in case, cause Scott is pronouncing a little different than I am.
 I'm not exactly sure.
  I have no, I just took a swing at it.
 Greeblebs.
 When Senator Greeblebs died, was there a lot of  back and forth? Some people were like, well, they don't make them like Senator Greeblebs anymore.
  And other people were like, yeah, but he wasn't a real.
 Senator Greeblebs was a maverick though.
  A lot of people don't know that about him.
 I mean, standing up to Palpatine.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Very much so.
  And Greeblebs' daughter is an excellent talk show.
 She's on the Intergalactic View.
 Megan Greeblebs.
  So, all right.
 So then you get, all right.
 So Spielberg mentions, that's really the only time  you hear the name Botanicus.
 Then you go into the line.
 And this is a crazy, this is for sure one of  the things that makes the ET adventure great.
 I mean, the line is so amazing in general,  and we talked all about it in our first episode.
 You can go back to that.
 But the, you know,  the smell and the forest and the sounds and the, the speak and spell, it's an incredible mood in  there.
 But the biggest thing that happens in the line is that out of nowhere from the ground,  Botanicus springs forth in essentially like a laser rave scenario.
 There is smoke and there is like,  it's very like 90s, like the laser show that would come to your elementary school or that kind of  thing.
 It's very like laserium.
 And he rises up and he delivers a message, which I have the script  of.
 I don't need to like, I need to read it all.
 But, you know, just essentially, but I like the  style.
 Earth people, Earth people, our planet is dying.
 Find the one you call ET.
 Bring him home  to the green planet.
 His friend Teakley needs the healing touch.
 Hide ET from the scientists who  seek him.
 Bring him on a spaceship or carry him on your bikes.
 And then ending with ET, help us.
  So I didn't, that Teakley is mentioned in the book.
 In the book too.
 I believe, yeah.
 In case you  know, they, they made this a lot more clear in a later, the, when they remade the video with  Spielberg, but he says, here, remember what ET's friends look like.
 So you can find them when you  get to the green planet.
 And those are, that's Teakley, Orbanon and Magdol.
 And, but also,  why Teakley then, I didn't realize that the Teakley is pulled out specifically and is in  Botanicus' dialogue.
 So you were like tasked specifically with remember Teak, go find Teakley.
  Yeah.
 That's, you have to carry that into the ride with you.
 And we were saying 95% of people  don't remember Botanicus.
 Within, we don't even know that Botanicus says go find Teakley.
 Right.
  I forgot.
 Yeah.
 I didn't know that.
 And his voice is like hard.
 It's echoey.
 It's hard to hear.
  And he doesn't sound like an ET.
 No.
 He doesn't sound like, also, by the way, ET's name is Zrek.
  Zrek.
 His name is Z-R-E-K.
 Z-R-E-K.
 Uh huh.
 Zrek.
 Why are you texting? What are you doing over there?  I'm looking up Teakley.
 I wanted to get a picture of Teakley.
 I'm always fiddling with you.
  That exact argument was probably had between Jason's parents and,  like, why aren't you doing your homework? I'm learning about Teakley.
  My friend Teakley.
 Yeah.
 So, so he sounds, Botanicus sounds different than ET.
 Yeah, why is that?  ET is out.
 He barely speaks English.
 Botanicus is fluent in English.
 Yeah.
 He sounds like Splinter,  Master Splinter or something.
 Yeah.
 But even more so, even Splinter is a little broken English,  a little bit.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 And Botanicus is like.
 Botanicus is like a scholar of the English  language.
 Yeah.
 Another question I have is why is Botanicus on earth? That is a very good question  because he appears to you.
 He disappears to you in a puff of smoke.
 So I don't know if, I think  they're trying to act like it's a projection.
 Now, if you read this book, ET, The Green Planet by  William Kotzwinkl, ET, like force projects himself constantly onto earth.
 Oh.
 So maybe  that is what Botanicus does because he does disappear and reappear in a puff of smoke.
  There's no question about it.
 So I think that's gotta be what it is because if Botanicus was on  earth, you would just go get him, I think.
 Yeah.
 You would think.
 Yeah.
 If he got there, you can get  ET.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 And he probably has the sense, or unless we do.
 In this thing, do we all have the  Elliot ET connection? Like, we know where he is and can feel what he's feeling.
 But  instead of Elliot, I think that might be the, that might be right.
 Everyone in that line has the  special connection.
 Has the special thing.
 Yeah.
 And just so I'm clear, when he tells you find ET,  that's when he shows up at the start of the ride or in the line.
 That's in the line.
  That's in the line.
 Yeah.
 Cause there was controversy cause they took him out for a while.
  And the last time we went to ET, we were walking through the line and I went, did I miss him?  Where's my friend? Where's my friend? Cause I was going to like, I'm gonna take a picture.
 It's  gonna blow up on the social media.
 And I was like you with the selfies earlier.
 I was going to be  like, this is going to be, this is a good picture.
 It can be a good picture of me, good angle with me  and Botanicus.
 And then it was not there.
 And I was like, what the hell? And then I looked at  everyone was like, where's Botanicus? And like, I think he's back now, but at the time he was gone.
  And I think there was like a furor.
 There was an uproar.
 Yeah.
 It was a lengthy refurb for the  Botanicus animatronic.
 Cause that ET adventure, it's always, it seems like it's always on the line.
  The rumor is like, it's always like, well, it's, it's going to go, oh no, it got saved.
 But I don't  know that that was, I don't know that they were like signaling that they were going to take the  ride.
 Cause his head is cut off and that's an omen that the ride is going away in the next couple  months.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I mean scaling back effects and that kind of thing isn't a good sign.
  That's true.
 So, so he appears in the line.
 So you're right, it's a horse projection kind of thing.
  And so he kind of, I don't know, he sort of just essentially reiterates what Spielberg already said  and told you about Teakley, but it's, I didn't retain that knowledge.
 Yeah.
 You got on your  bunch of boring non-Botanicus shit.
 Then you arrive movie like shit.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The cops and whatever.
 Yeah.
 Who cares? Then you get to the green planet.
 And I'm sure we  talked about it in the episode that round of the corner is so awful.
 Like, all right, we're flying  with ET.
 It's the score.
 And then like smoke doom, no color, hot, humid air blast death.
  And then you, then you see the, the other Botanicus appearance.
 And I'm curious by the way,  if I, I want to say that the one that I saw and that brought my wife and I together,  I want to say that it was the line.
 It looks like the line Botanicus for sure advanced.
 And I think  the other way, and he had this whole platform with them, which must've been what rose out of the  ground.
 I think the one in the line or I'm sorry, the one in the actual ride was more minimal.
 And  I hope he's safe.
 Unlike his friends.
 I hope they kept the skin on.
 I bet he looks just like those  leaked pictures of Stitch.
 If not worse.
 That's my biggest fear.
 If God, if anyone out there is  listening and knows where Botanicus is please.
 Stitch at least has bodies somewhere, you know,  committed sins before that movie.
 He was a killer.
 That is fair.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Botanicus didn't do nothing to nobody.
 He creates life.
 Also, uh, I, I'm not actually sure you  helped me out on this where the John Williams has a Botanicus theme that he wrote.
 Oh, you're right.
  And that's the score of the ride.
 I guess the name of the track is Botanicus theme, Botanicus theme.
  Right.
 Um, he composed that for the ride.
 Yeah.
 So, and I don't, I think it's not actually like  commercially available, but you can find it on YouTube.
 Just literally search Botanicus theme  and it's like black and white photo of John Williams composing a theme for Botanicus.
  That was a quick clock in and clock out.
 Oh yeah.
 He's looking at like a little model.
  Yeah.
 Not of Botanicus, but of the ride.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 So that's crazy.
 I don't think I realized  he did original stuff.
 Yeah, I didn't know.
 That's really cool.
 But he's like pointing,  like he's pointing at like the gaudy, uh, Brodo is OG plant life.
 Yeah.
 John Williams had to  pretend to be interested in that.
 Oh, wow.
 Wonderful.
 Do you think composing for rides,  I mean, I'm sure the, the people making the rides take a lot of the brunt work, but like,  do you think that's a pleasure or like a pain in the ass of like, no, it's a half a second,  it's a second too early.
 We actually need it because then it comes around the corner.
  It needs to hit here.
 I mean, I'm sure it depends.
 I bet that's like satisfying in its own right,  but I also bet that, uh, I bet John Williams is never dealing with that.
 I don't know.
 It's like,  certainly not.
 Yeah.
 Someone else in the composer mill.
 I would believe that's a time.
  I would believe for like the overlay, uh, Monsters After Dark, which has the original Monsters After  Dark song that they just gave him the amount of time, cause it's a different ride, another ride  from a different song.
 So they just gave him like the time, like, all right, 30 seconds here.
  Then like whatever the chorus is like, so he probably had, I bet he had like exactly how much  he needed and where it all came in.
 So it probably depends.
 Sure.
 Sure.
 There's like hard music cuts  in this ride though, that I, that I bet like, you know, this doesn't have like, we were talking  about Haunted Mansion.
 It's, it's not like a seamless transition from room to room.
 And I  guarantee that John Williams had nothing to do with the like synth marimba version that's playing  during the celebration at the end.
 Probably not.
 Um, yeah, he's not like, he's not playing a, uh,  Roland.
 He's not frustrated throwing the marimba against the wall.
 Like get it together people.
  I'd like to imagine he is though.
 It says no Island spirit.
 I'm John Bleep and Williams.
 Get it.
  I like the idea of him like riding the ride over and over again and be like, it's not,  score is not perfect yet.
 And he's like, just like in like consumed by getting the ET ride score.
  Perfect.
 Yeah.
 The bassoons back in.
 Yeah.
 It's probably not the case.
 Bring them to me.
 Firing  squad.
 He executes two of them.
 He's a real, yeah.
 I got, I got Joe is his number.
 He's not a, he's,  he's a spec.
 He's a Phil Spector.
 He would force, you know, we'll play it, play it one day.
  John Williams pulling a gun on an orchestra.
 You were not leaving until we finished this.
  I got a whole box of bullets.
 Cause there's a lot of you.
 70 piece orchestra has 70 by so many  bullet boxes.
 Specter only did it one full round.
 Right.
 There's only like five Ramones.
  There was one left for him in the chain.
 He needed it.
  They were recording.
 He was producing the Ramones, uh, the alternate version of the  Marvel McFay song.
 Oh yeah.
 Well, it was written for the Ramones and then, uh,  they decided to keep it for Astro world.
 Um, so you pretty quickly see botanicus on the,  on the dying green planet and the most upsetting part of it.
 And his, like the other, like flower  creatures are, are wilting.
 Yeah.
 And he, he looks weird there too.
 Like if you didn't know  who you were looking at, you'd go like, is that just a different ET? You know? Cause he looks so  Royal and regal when he's on in the line.
 But then when you see this one, I truly like, it took me  a few rides and looking up to be like, that's botanicus as well.
 Well, he's projecting the  best version of himself, the green planet he's been trying to keep together.
 So he's all fucked  up looking.
 Now I didn't know this and I bet you don't know this.
 Uh, I, I took a sec to watch the  ride through of the Japan version.
 Oh, I don't know.
 This is open in Japan as well.
 Um, first  of all, hearing ET speak in Japanese is a real delight and all of the other, the he is home,  or he's on a ride.
 Hearing that in Japanese is so much fun, but botanicus in his ride appearance  in the dying planet looks so much shittier.
 And I don't mean a shitty animatronic.
 I mean,  they made him emaciated and dying.
 He is very pale.
 He is wearing less clothes.
 He's not wearing  even his wilting, fake, iconic collar of Palm leaves or whatever it is.
 He is, he, there's like  veins busting out of his chest.
 He is saying his face is much more haggard.
 They, for some reason  took the time in Japan to make die botanicals much more sickly.
 That's interesting.
 And this is,  we haven't talked too much about my Japan trip yet, but, uh, this is, I'm very, very minor.
 So I  hope you won't be upset with me.
 Indiana Jones at the end of the Indiana Jones ride in Japan  is much more fucked up.
 Really? He's like, his clothes are way ripped.
 He's like bruised.
  Like we noticed that specifically like, Whoa, he's way more hurt than he is.
 And I just went on indie  out here two nights ago and I'm like, Oh yeah, he looks great here.
 And in Japan, I mean,  in what you're saying, the animatronic is perfect, but he's like, they made him more beat up for  whatever reason.
 I don't know what that is.
 Yeah.
 People are more comfortable with people in pain.
  They're just committing to the stakes more.
 The green planet is essentially  going through like a Krypton level.
 That's true.
 Like ET essentially stops Krypton from exploding.
  That's a good point.
 Because none of them, none of them else, none of the other ones have powers.
  That's what's a little unclear about the whole mythology because botanicus is very much  like the guy, the teacher, the one who's in charge and ET as we'll find out is just,  and this happens a lot.
 He's just called doctor by many people in the book.
 He's just a regular  doctor.
 So botanicus will call him doctor.
 He, there is a part in the book.
 I was, I have a  copy as well and I was leafing through it today and he at some point says, says, uh,  but I'm a scientist, a scholar ET says the character ET who we've only seen say,  and ready.
 So I guess, should we start on the book? Yeah.
 I mean, that's all in the ride.
  And he, in the last year, so you see him twice.
 One, he's very worried and one he's essentially  dying, especially in Japan.
 He is fucked up and you don't, and I'm going to give a little plus up  for him here, which is that in the celebration, you should see botanicus having a blast because  everything got fixed.
 He should have big sunglasses on.
 He should have like, like this, his like,  you know, plant wreath around his neck, but it should have led lights.
 Uh, maybe it's weed.
  Maybe he's getting blazed now.
 ET's healing touch made his like, you know, his flat little leaves.
  You know, he turned it into bomb Kush, the green planet, baby.
 Let's celebrate doctors.
 Rec puff  pass my man.
 And then ET, botanica should thank you too, at the end and then pass that dupe.
  Yeah.
 He should light a dude with his finger.
 Oh, whoa.
 Jason, you've got a lot of great ideas.
  And then he's, and then botanica's ET says goodbye to all of you.
 And the botanica says like,  want to hit this Mike, Scott, Jason, and he wants to listen to some Harry Nielsen records.
  Yeah, that'd be great.
 Absolutely.
 You should get, yeah.
 Why don't just save this thing in Florida  as if there's a final scene where you get blazed with botanica.
 Oh my God.
 Yeah.
 There has to be  a whole, at the very least, obviously this it's probably unlikely that they'll add a botanica  that smokes weed on the ride.
 But I feel like we still, still kind of prosecuted in Florida,  right? Like Florida hasn't done too much legalization.
 Am I wrong?  Jimmy Buffett was pushing for it.
 The last election cycle as a proponent.
 Yeah.
 We tried  a couple of years ago, we tried to, there's a star Wars character named yaddle or yaddle.
 I forget.
  Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Yaddle.
 We were calling her.
 We tried to start memes with her like,  looking like high, like hashtag four 20 and stuff with the adult and just try to see if it would  catch on.
 It did not.
 But I think botanica's memes where he's high or like kind of a weed,  like connoisseur.
 It's right there.
 Hashtag pot tannicus.
 Yeah.
 Cause botanica is like plants,  man.
 And like green planet.
 I think maybe.
 Botanicus.
 Oh, sounds better.
 You are both  pot tannicus.
 Botanicus.
  We're going to sell the tannicus shirt and a botanicus shirt.
  We found a new hashtag.
 Hashtag pot tannicus.
 Botanicus.
 I mean, this is,  we maybe we'll have to just release this section on the main feed so we can get this out to as  many people as possible.
 We'll reference it.
 We'll say like, yeah, we do here a special mission from  from within the second gate.
 A preview of what lies behind the second gate.
 And it's us talking  about pot tannic.
 Hashtag pot tannicus.
 We're getting crazy and innovative over in the second  gate.
 You got to see what they're up to.
 They get real experimental in the second gate.
 Forever  Dog has dropped us and somehow iTunes has too.
 I didn't know they could do that.
  Suggesting that a comical alien be seen smoking a joint.
 This is beyond the pale podcast, The Ride.
  You are banned.
 But we all own and operate a dispensary now.
 What? What is that? Well,  we were lost.
 We were kicked out of the kingdom by those people, but then we're rewarded by the  constantly growing marijuana industry for innovation.
 Well, I would think that the next  step from we are embraced by theme park fans, let's just get embraced by the weed community.
  Sure.
 Yeah, I think that's a great idea.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is part of making the crossover and  it will be the first weed collective slash podcast slash Patreon.
 We're only one of the  three of us.
 Enjoy it.
 Who doesn't love going to a store with a million locked buzzer doors  and security guards in full squat team outfits now with a blue lies matter patch right in the  way.
 These and that'll be great.
 It'll put you right to sleep.
 Cut to me.
 Why awake at 5 a.
m.
  I don't remember how language works.
 That was I over.
 I kind of overdosed on I took too many of  these gummies, which now I just take half of and it's great.
 Helps me sleep.
 It's wonderful.
 Yeah.
  But I drew I had to go into my job the next day and I was so fucked up from the two or maybe the  one and a half gummies are especially potent for whatever reason.
 Gummies hit harder than like  chocolate.
 Oh, OK.
 I don't know what it is.
 That's been my experience at least.
 The half perfect.
  The one and a half.
 I thought I was going to have to call my coworkers at the writing job that I  have and say I don't remember how the English language works anymore.
 That was actually  something that happened to me.
 That's like in a movie where a 15 year old smokes too much weed.
  I don't remember language, man.
 Does this sound like words?  And then I'm just on the street like what happens to Barkhud Opti and good time happens to me and  just cart it off to an insane asylum.
 That's had your instinct to call in and call ahead and like  check in and let people know still puts you a mile ahead of most stereotypes of dirtbag comedy writer.
  I feel like most people that would happen to just wouldn't just you just wouldn't hear from them  for like a day or two.
 Also, if I called work and I said, hey, how's everything going? A real quick  thing.
 I can't be in today because I don't remember how the English language works because I got too  high.
 They'd be like, that sounded fine.
 Why don't you come in? What am I? What am I talking about?  Look, I'm not as at ease with this with this stuff as as as pottinger.
  Yes, I got a mellow out like old botanical.
  But Potana Kush, if this is an alternate character, wouldn't if there was a green  planet emergency, he'd be like, it's fine.
 Yeah, don't worry about it.
 Yeah, somebody.
  I don't know, man.
 Also, he's a little no with the orb on it is definitely a bong.
  Oh, of course.
  Bonsai, a giant bong.
  And like if he was going to force project himself, he just forced project himself into a dead concert.
  Yeah, on stage, he's shaking a big like gourd with beads on it.
 Potana Kush did do a few shows with  the dead and friends that John Mayer fronted.
 Yeah, great.
 Potana Kush.
 John Mayer needs my help  to turn this jam up a notch.
  Well, back to the back to the actual canon character, right?  Tanaka, so I think we've now arrived at maybe now we get into.
  So if you've been if you didn't know this, if you've been wondering where did all this come from this  botanicals character and the denticly and what is all this? What are we talking? Oh, wait, I forgot  something that when when you see him on the planet, the thing he says is fine, teakley.
 Yes.
 Right.
  It's all about teakley.
 This is sort of I don't know what gender teakley is, but this is kind of a  well, in our world, the Helen test.
 What's the actual thing? The Bechtel test? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This  is botanicals is a character who only shows up to talk about teakley.
 He does not pass the teakley  test.
 There's not one scene where he's not talking about teakley or ET for that matter.
 What does  botanicals want? Yeah, we're deciding for he wants to get blazed.
 He wants to get blazed and you have  to read the book that came out six years earlier than the ride to find out kind of, but not really.
  Now, can we talk about chronology for the audience? Yeah.
 The ride, the movie, the book.
  The ride is 90 originally and later in the other parts.
 You're saying what the  storyline chronology? Yeah, I'm saying storyline.
 Well, OK.
 Well, even still, the book was like 85,  correct? The book is 85 for sure.
 Between the film and the ride within.
 OK.
 Within the world.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 Sorry.
 Yeah.
 The ride, I don't know.
 The ride's like an alternate.
 That's just like some other  thing that happened.
 The ride is confusing because, yes, it started out as the sequel,  but like you're not sure exactly why ET is back on Earth.
 So because ET doesn't go.
  Does he go back to the Earth at the end? I forgot.
 You're also not sure when bikes  started coming in packs of 12 that all ride in tandem and fly through the atmosphere.
  Maybe the ride is kind of like for any DC comics readers, it's like an Elseworlds.
 Earth 2.
 Yeah.
  That's the story.
 It's like, oh, the events of Batman happened, but it happened in the Old West  or Superman, but he landed in the Soviet Union.
 Because this is a direct sequel.
 This is ET on  the ship coming back from Earth.
 It's like New Hope right after Rogue One.
 It happens in the  moments immediately after the film.
 Right.
 So this is, yeah, we know where this is.
 We know where the  book is.
 We're not quite sure where ET, the adventure, takes from.
 So because we didn't  subject ourselves to this, although I leafed through it a little bit, but you clearly,  Mike, have done the biggest dive into ET book of the green planet.
 I took too many little passages  here.
 And at a certain point, if I feel like I've taken too much, you guys just go, you know what,  maybe this is enough.
 I'm going to do that halfway through the first one.
  So I know the tenor of this book and you can open here.
 How about this? I'm going to open to some  random page that's not about Botanicus and read the first thing I see, which will tell you generally  where what this thing is like.
 Dagon Sabad, who draws lightning from the clouds.
 Sabad,  who stirred the primal atoms, giving birth to the galaxies and to Reese's Pieces.
 Imagine how many  269 pages of this, the last page of which has stuff about Sinistro and Occulta and Electrum.
  This is a truly time waste, patience trying book.
 It's a very patience trying book.
  I'm just going to read a couple real quick.
 I'm going to go through some slacks and these are not  necessarily about Botanicus.
 I'm just trying to, as Scott is doing, paint a picture of the book  and how it fits into the canon of ET.
 So like ET is getting questioned by other botanists on the  ship.
 We should say he's like he goes, he's on the ship.
 He's just left Elliot and he's going  back to the green planet.
 Now he's getting, everybody's curious what happened to him on Earth.
  Yeah, and everyone, he's also like, everyone's mad at him.
 Everyone's so mad at ET for like  wandering off.
 Fun.
 Which is fun.
 Yeah, I don't know why everyone like.
  Oh, because they were all with him.
 He was with like a pack of Godot gazovians.
  And I think we talked about this in the other one.
 ET always seemed like a kid.
 He was like Elliot.
  But in this bizarre world, he's like a couple hundred years old and he's a doctor.
  He's hundreds of years old.
 That's so weird.
 And he just, and none of the language issues.
  He's clearly a kid in ET.
 It's a connection between two children.
 Why would he be a hundred?  It doesn't make any fucking sense.
 Unless, you know, Botanicus has been alive for 5,000 years.
  They allude to is that he has been, so I guess you could say in, if we're, everything's relative,  that he's young in his, but he's still like a doctor.
 He's nine years old essentially.
  An accomplished doctor.
 It's sort of like when we witnessed in front of our very eyes,  the sector keeper go from a gross child to like a 30 something year old guy who goes like,  I'm feeling great.
 I'm doing well.
 Yeah, yeah, very similar transformation.
 And he'd like also,  he's a doctor, but he's a naked doctor.
 It's a doctor who wears zero, not even like a necklace.
  Not a name badge.
 He's the naked doctor on CBS.
  So like they're asking ET questions and then one of the other botanists,  but what did you do on earth that was so wonderful? And he goes, ate candy.
  And then he's talking about like, I made a true friend on earth.
 He told the plants, he saved my  neck.
 He raised his neck further to a greater height.
 He, we went through all kinds of doodly  squats together.
 Doodly squats.
 I was like, what? What's this book written for adults or children?  Children.
 It's a children's book.
 But probably if you're into like fantasy.
 Yeah.
 I think it's  courting like a fantasy audience, a never ending story kind of audience.
 Yeah.
 He also, he says  there's a thing called, am I stepping on one of your quotes? No, no.
 Like he says, there's a thing  called, where they all dress up in costumes called hollow bean.
 Yes.
 There's a lot of that shit.
  Like fucking nailing it left and right.
 Just like the backboard keeps exploding.
  So there's a lot of that.
 And then the weirdest, really the plane of the book is that ET is like  projecting himself to earth to help Elliot like kiss a girl for the first time.
 That's really the  plot of the book.
 Oh.
 Everything else is like, is like kind of just.
 But you already, you kissed a girl in the movie.
  Yeah.
 It's weird.
 It's like everything else is sort of meandering.
 Like all the green planet stuff is  very meandering and doesn't have much place, much like there's nothing going on is really what I'm  like, it's like a feeling in his head.
 And it's like, he sees Elliot and there's this girl he likes,  Julie.
 And then he's like, he's seeing, he's seeing Elliot at the arcade and he sees Julie.
  Hi Elliot, she said.
 And Elliot felt a very odd sensation run through him as if his knees had turned  to soft ice cream and a bird had flown out of his heart.
 So he's like, part of it is Elliot meeting  Julie and then ET trying to help him woo Julie.
 You've got this my man.
 So what's bizarre is, and  I have too many notes here, I should have organized this better, is that ET will like force project  himself into situations on earth and he'll always like knock over something on a counter.
 So apparently  he's a solid projection.
 So in between just getting yelled at by everybody for what he did on earth in  the first movie, he's like appearing on earth again and like knocking something off of a table.
  And it doesn't make any sense.
 Oh, fuck.
 ET yelled realizing he knocked over a vase.
  His stethoscope falling off his force projection neck.
 Elliot wanted to say something really cool  and brilliant to Julie, maybe even remind her that he was the one who'd known the extraterrestrial,  but he wasn't able to say anything cool or brilliant because he just swallowed his gum  while looking at her and it was lodged sideways in his throat.
 Hi, Julie, he croaked, but the  noise of the arcade was so loud she seemed not to hear, or maybe she heard and just pretended not to,  which was a thing girls did.
 He was discovering that girls did many strange things as strange  and remote to Elliot as ET had been.
 Girls are from another planet, he said to himself now as he  was looking at the world.
  I mean, it's weird like coming of age novel too.
 It's bizarre.
 Not a fan.
 Not an inner spinner,  like back and forth a bunch of crap about the flop global.
 Yes.
 So here's a hollow bean.
  They have an important celebration called hollow bean.
 Everyone carves faces in fruit squashes  and dresses up in sheets.
 I myself dressed up in one.
 This is all ET still not botanicals.
  Have you heard this? Have you heard this one? This guy knows.
 My man knows.
  Then one of the botanists asks him like, did you meet the ruler of earth? And ET goes,  Elliot.
 And he goes, Elliot is the ruler.
 How old is he? Has he 10,000 years? He's 10.
 10.
 And he  assaults each one of these gentries.
 A man turns out.
 Some people on his team knowinya  Gaams Yeah, you see no buck back on you those.
  But this writer went almost 40 million miles here just beetle wild.
 So they bring back  OK, you see budget on this to that man speechclapping? So you have to do that.
 So only  three days to do that.
 So on three days to go back and forth.
 Okay.
 But like we're in  flap tacks, pretending, we decided to like, not spend the money, but you really can't  even leave it out, you know, swell balls? I don't even remember like how to actually  So.
 So they did this that day.
 They said, Well, this is Bill Wyatt, Ingredients,  Proceed said ET wanting to admit that he'd been.
 Oh yeah, they're talking about these  characters called the beeper beans here too.
 And they all like beep and that's basically  their deal.
 Then they mentioned like ET's parent and they call it just the great parent.
  And he has like a single entity parent.
 And it's like the queen in an ant colony.
 Yeah, kind of.
  And they say this parent, sole creator of ET's form out of its own nature was both  father and mother to him.
 And ET was bathed in the healing force of this and in its stern  judgment because the parent is mad at ET too.
 Everyone's just mad at him.
 Cause he just didn't  show up to work for a few days.
 Like Scott after taking a.
 He's a highly respected doctor.
  So then we've talked a lot about the flop gop, gloppel and the technical term for the flop  gloppel is the Igigi, Jirum, Hadda, Haba, Deba, meaning 600 vertebrae in the spine.
 But everyone  on the green planet just called them flop gloppels for one of their modes of travel was to flop  around like a long gloppy length of something with a tripodial arrangement of feet at the bottom.
  Of all things, they perhaps resembled most closely a pile of gray floppy socks.
  They were very fast, very agile, very stupid and very loving.
  That is, I don't know.
 Now I'm starting to get upset.
 I was on board with the language in that.
  So don't like tell us what it's called.
 What do you mean? They, it's called this,  but it's really called this.
 Shut up and say what it's called.
 It is trying to make it seem  like it's real.
 Uh huh.
 But there's the genus name and here's the hamburger sometimes abbreviated as  burgers further as birds or I look this, when does botanicals come back?  You're right.
 We got it.
 We got a, hold on.
 Let me do a couple more and then we'll go to botanicals  and then we'll finish this thing up.
 There are some green planet scientists who say that flop  gloppels are old and very wise.
 However, this has never been proven as flop gloppels enjoy  giving silly answers on intelligence tests.
 So a thing about this whole species.
  So they're funny.
 Okay.
 I'm back on board.
 I love to laugh.
  So that they're all doing tests.
 Like that's, that comes up with ET too, that he's,  he's doing tests.
 They talk about his exams and in general the poll, but the, all the,  in and of itself that ET had a teacher and he went to school.
 He had the LSATs and the GREs.
  Parent and teacher.
 Yeah.
 Who do we need? His tutor?  ET tells flop, his flop gloppel that he doesn't want to meet anyone right now and flop gobble,  which I assume by the way, flop gobble, I think, and then the ride maybe sounds like Edwin.
  I'm assuming it sounds like this, but that's because it's silly.
 He goes, why not? And then  ET goes, because I'm a in dis, I'm in disgrace.
 And then flop gobble tells him that's, oh,  that's nothing.
 It's nothing for you because it is, it is your nature.
 Oh, no, no, wait,  I screwed this up.
 He's all a flop gobble tells him he's always in disgrace for racing through  villages and otherwise acting up.
 And that's when ET says it's nothing for you because it is your  nature, but I'm a scholar, a scientist.
 This is sort of like if they wrote a follow-up to  Close Encounters and like Richard Dreyfuss tried to go back to work, like it was just navigating  everything at his job.
 Like, I know, you know about, you saw the news, it's worldwide.
 The ship  came, it's like, yeah, okay, man, but we gotta, right.
 We still gotta do graphic design.
  I feel like a jobless.
 If there's not, I would be willing to write the novelization of the sequel  of Close Encounters and add some sort of a planet, maybe a blue planet full of water or something  with different characters.
 I mean, there's a whole, there's a lot of things we could do,  I bet, with those characters.
 All right, here's the stuff.
 This is where we're,  this is what we're waiting for.
 Okay.
 Then ET himself felt a higher wave, far higher than his own,  an emanation partaking directly of the solar and lunar forces, the wavelength of his teacher,  Botanicus.
 Oh, the first utterance.
 It spreads through the field, touching all the growing things,  a power like ET's, but amplified many times the radiance of an adept in agriculture.
  There were only a few such on the planet and one of them, Botanicus, was the greatest,  which doesn't make any sense why he couldn't heal the planet then, if he's clearly more powerful  than ET.
 Oh yeah.
 His glittering thought wave, like a stream of diamonds, broke along the road,  dazzling all who stood there and dazzling still more those rooted there.
 So like, it sounds like  he's one of a chosen few that are the most powerful of all the characters on this planet.
  This is you, you read that like with the tone of somebody reading and like,  now we're reading from the book of John.
 Like that was you doing the homily.
  It's my ET, the green planet by William Cotswinkle is my holy book.
  And the different translations, you know, put in all this messed up shit.
 People misinterpret  these texts and it's a weird part of the green planet where they imply that male  Godot, Asobians shouldn't get married.
 But yeah, I'm not, I'm a very progressive  green planet book reader.
 Mostly your services are short and it's a lot of acoustic guitar music.
  It's a progressive sect of the green planet.
 Look, I don't want to come down on you with  some rules.
 I just want to read a cool book to you.
 I turn the chair like around and I get on it like  Slater, EC Slater.
 You used pastor 101, sit in the chair.
 Well, number one, sit in the chair.
 Cool.
  Number two, bracelet or earring.
 You want to earn their trust.
 They'll never trust you if you sit in  a chair regularly.
 That's what priests do and priests are molesters.
 You have to earn their trust.
  So I guess you're wondering probably like how he would be described here in the book.
  Following in the wake of this powerful thought wave, which is a different thing that I won't read,  botanicus appeared.
 His form was like the parent tall and slender of the advanced growth cycle.
  He was wrapped in a robe made of a large leaf whose tips were tucked around his shoulders  and under his arms.
 It clung to him undying, sustained by his emanation.
 His walk was slow  and stately and a large jade skinned lizard accompanied him forked tongue flickering as he  waddled along beside his master.
 He's got a lizard pet that has forked a forked tongue.
  The thing is like botanicus does not have a ton to do in this book.
 So all we get are these great  little moments of him, but he isn't, it's again, it's mostly about Elliot and Julie.
  So this ancient, this 10,000 year old creature is mostly tending to some kid and Silmar getting his  first kiss.
 Why doesn't he just ask her out? What does he have to lose? They don't know each other  that well.
 This relationship will last five weeks tops.
 Just get it over with.
 People are going to  talk about you anyway at that age.
 Don't be scared to take chances.
 The stakes are so low.
  The kids making fun of you are just jealous.
  So ET appears on earth and he's like talking to kids and it's very confusing why it happens.
  And then he says here, and he says, botanicus solved the riddle of life.
  Here he learned the innermost secrets of all that grows above and below around botanicus was a  Corona of shimmering light and plants swooned as he passed some falling, some rising, some reaching  out to touch him and draw more of his concentrate where his footsteps fell seedling suddenly  sprouted quickened by his impress and where his gaze landed there, a plant would tremble with  rapture.
 Most learned supreme scientist, Lord of the fields, botanicus.
  Lord of the field.
 He sounds so cool and then they don't do anything with it.
 Like everyone just  kisses his ass, the author included.
 And then like he doesn't really move heaven and earth.
  This is like wild, wild country where like the Raj Nish is like barely, you don't really get  a sense of what he is and he just waves from a limo.
 They just, they cart botanicus around the  fields in a limo and he waves once a day.
 But you know, ET or what's his real, Zrek.
 It's mainly  Zrek's story.
 Like it's mainly the story of that mean lady.
  Uh, uh, so botanicus finally turns his gaze now falling on his students and then on ET,  his large limpid eyes blinked slowly.
 Prize pupil.
 He extended his hand to ET.
 Come here,  pride and joy.
 You know, no, no, no.
 Don't all your, all your teachers, uh, for through your life,  call you pride and joy.
 And then when you guys run into the UCB program,  isn't he said pride and joy and give you a big hug.
 Oh yeah.
 He was a real men to our  figurative.
 I think I've got Matt Vester down.
 I think I get the character.
 Uh,  ET moved in front of botanicus botanicus put his leathery pole on ET's head and closed his eyes.
  Uh, resume resume resume.
 What is that word? R H I Z O M E boy, new words in this book.
  Home blocked sap down in the toes.
 What's wrong? That says botanicus.
 So botanicus can feel that  ET is in, is in turmoil.
 Uh, and then ET tells him that he got kicked off the ship and whatever.
  Um, and he's a real sad ET, a real sad sack.
 And he says that he was weeded out and kicked off the  ship.
 Um, and then there's more of this, like him like misinterpreting things on earth.
 And he tells  the botanicus about toys and they have like, he's like, there are other creatures on earth.
  They are called toys and have definite spiritual qualities.
 And indeed frequently spoke to me in  the silence of the closet.
 I believe them to be very advanced as our great meditative sages,  the mind holders.
 He paused to gather more profundities for his young listeners who had,  whose head moss was again beginning to glow amber and silver as they leaned toward him.
  So he's not, I think now I'm remembering the context more.
 There's a group of students in  the room that had transitioned to ET and botanicus and now ET is telling them about  the stuffed animals in the closet.
 They spoke to me in the silence, but then in other sections  of this book, he's like, maybe smart.
 Like this is totally inconsistent.
 It doesn't make any sense.
  Toys are geniuses and Elliot is president.
 Vice president.
 Also, how does everyone have a copy  of this book? I thought Mike was, this was one of Mike's weird ex-sensibilities.
 Okay.
 So Jason,  be sure to bring your copy.
 I want to see it highlighted.
 I want to see notes in the  botanicus would have given you a D.
 You've given me, you've shown me that book.
 And I had totally  for, I thought it was like more of a storybook.
 I thought there was more pictures or something,  but this is a full YA novel.
 Worst pupil dunce cap for you, Jason.
 We were expecting to record  a shorter amount of time than we've gone here today.
 So I'll just, I'll leave on that.
 I mean,  more botanicus, get the book.
 We could be here for another hour.
 And just, just because we alluded  to it, the sequel to ET that was never made.
 Oh, hold on, hold on.
 I have a little quote here,  and then we'll talk about nocturnal fears.
 The sequel to ET that was never made.
  This is one of my friends.
 This is not botanicus, but ET says to his friends about Elliot,  my friend is in danger.
 He is about to become the most terrible thing of all.
 He is about to become  man.
 My friend, the fucking virgin.
 That is sort of what he's saying.
 We gotta get him laid.
  It's Elliot's prom night.
 Elliot must get his rocks off.
 I tried to get him the kush to help  him relax.
 It did not work master.
 That is a good sequel is like pre-teen Elliot or teenage Elliot,  and ET comes back and he's also a teen and they're going on like teen hijinks together.
  It's like the dirty back to the future that was never made where they were like bootlegging VHS  copies and getting high and stuff.
 Yeah.
 And like some like Cyrano kind of stuff where like,  tell me what to say.
 And he's hiding in the bushes and tell her she shines brighter than  all of the cut.
 She's more intelligent than the toys.
 Tell her she has the spirit of a pile of  gray socks.
 She has a bright smile like the wah-wah sign.
  Yeah.
 So there's plenty more where that came from.
 If this was enticing to you,  if this is like a little reading rainbow.
 Yes.
 So if you want to hear more, check it out at  your local library.
 Unless the library threw the copy away after four months.
  Yeah.
 So we're waiting on any word from the author.
 I have emailed his blog or his website  and we'll see if I said, Hey, I'm one of the hosts of a theme park podcast.
 We're doing a special  episode about the ET ride.
 We just wanted to know, did William Cotswinkle create the character of  I have something to tell you that is similar to this.
 Oh really? And I was hoping that this  could be a surprise that I could spring on you, but I might as well be forthcoming where it's at.
  I was hoping that during this episode that I could surprise you with a, the tease of a eventual  interview with the voice of Botanicus, Ron Knight.
 But I cannot officially do that at this time.
 I  did send an email.
 I found that he's a professional VO artist and I found his website, which is like  KnightMediaCom.
com and I emailed him and I did get a response, but it was rather vague and I have to  keep pursuing.
 Right.
 But I am hoping to be, my dream of dreams was to come into this episode  and tell you, or even like, and now behind the door and then he's in your house.
 But this is not  true, but there's, I will say there's a possibility.
 I'm hoping there was a response.
 I don't want to say  much more than that, but I'm hoping that Ron Knight, the voice of Botanicus will someday appear on the  show.
 And also, and I'll send goodwill.
 I'll send my healing touch to you to hopefully in hopes that  William Cotswinkle may soon appear.
 There's a little, little bit of hope for Ron Knight.
 I'm just going to  be on show friends.
 Cotswinkle.
 Speak to us.
 William Cotswinkle.
 Unknown entity.
  What else we got? Well, you said Nocturnal Fears, which was in a, but you can read all about this.
  Just look up ET Nocturnal Fears and it's a horrifying story.
 No Botanicus in it where ET,  evil aliens come down to the earth and they capture all the kids and torture Elliot.
 And excuse me,  ET has to come back and save Elliot from just being tortured.
 Like it's.
 God.
 Elliot eat shit in all these movies.
  I don't, that scared me as a kid.
 Elliot stripped to his underwear by like a man.
 Oh my God.
 I hated that.
  I didn't watch the movie for years because of that.
 Yeah.
 Over the Spielberg filmography, perhaps I would  watch Schindler's List first before I would re-watch the, that's, that's not accurate and I have not seen  Schindler's List.
 So I, I just wanted to be a big man and say that there's a, but it's one of the  entire filmography and I wouldn't willingly, I wouldn't love to watch it.
 There is also, and it's not  available on the, in the Apple store anymore.
 There was an iOS game called ET The Green Planet.
  Yeah.
 Have you watched this? And I've watched a little bit of it.
 I believe Botanicus is involved.
  Botanicus gives you all the commands in it.
 I have some screenshots on my phone.
 I can read you some  of the brilliant Botanicus dialogue.
 Oh great.
 That's great.
 The game is called I think, the green,  ET The Green Planet.
 It was, yeah.
 It was an iPhone game.
 Some pretty, and he looks, he looks very odd.
  I can show you guys this photo later, but he's wearing, he's wearing that wreath, but he doesn't  look like he does in the ride.
 He's a lot more kind of, honestly kind of like ape-like.
 Yeah.
  And kind of, and like, like big, big doofy smile.
 Not, not the Botanicus we know from the ride.
  Right.
 Some standard stuff.
 The planet is dying.
 Only ET's healing touch can save us.
 We must work  quickly to restore beauty to our world.
 So, oh, interesting.
 Oh yes.
 Well, I'd love to help ET,  just like in the ride.
 Please let me help save the planet.
 Next line.
 First, clear away some of these  blighted rocks to make way for new life.
 Tap on the blighted rock and clear it.
 Tap the XP symbol.
  So this is, it's essentially, and there's a couple ET games that are like this that are essentially  gardening.
 Yes.
 That's what they're like.
 They're sort of like pseudo farmvilles.
 Right.
 This one's  pseudo farmville.
 And it's so boring.
 There's these other creatures who I think are in the book  too, that are called like, oh, what are they? They're like mini something or others.
 I don't  know, but you like plant these little creatures.
 Microtechs.
 Oh yeah.
 They're like your little  slaves who tend to your garden so you don't have to.
 Right.
 They're like picking strawberries for  you.
 And it's, I don't know, it's very weird and slow and depressing.
 And then you get, I just,  I got like 10 minutes in and I saw this.
 Would you like to pay a microtech 50 nutrients to tend  the lotta sapling? It will take two months to grow the next phase.
 Wow.
 Does that mean literally  two months? In real time or in game time? I don't think it is.
 It's like this shore.
 You have to  keep this garden.
 This thing was a couple of years old and it's not hard to see why it didn't last.
  This is still around.
 This is like how Mike is still committed to Simpsons Tap Out.
 I do still  play Simpsons Tap Out.
 Somehow.
 Six or seven years later.
 Six or seven years later.
 Which I think I  tapped out after a few months.
 You go to your Simpsons Tap Out, Springfield, and it's just a  vacant field and it's still there.
 Because it lost the data and I never was able to log back in.
  I think I lasted a little longer on the Riverdale Rescue, the Archie one.
 And I can't redownload  developers.
 Oh, it's gone.
 It closed.
 It closed.
 Yeah, because we were playing that for a long time  and that's a whole.
.
.
 There's no reason to do a play train episode about the Archie comics  tap to game.
 But I'd like to.
 Just pay some microtechs to rebuild your Springfields.
 I'm sure you  can cart them over.
 Use the Wreck-It Ralph like Depot where all the video game characters change  games and yeah.
 Well, now that's just that.
 Depot is now just different three letter stock names.
  All the video game stuff has been replaced by portals to different publicly held companies.
  Kids love that shit.
 Right.
 Ralph's going to go.
com.
  Just to sum up, Botanicus is a character that has not fully been explored.
 It's the same thing I've  been saying on Screen Juggies for four years.
 When are we going to get a definitive story about  him? His origin story, who he was as a young man.
 Let's really learn about him.
 And they're trying.
.
.
  These are all very lazy versions of it, this iOS game.
 And that's very strange that all of a sudden  like 2009, they're like, let's make an app that has the ET.
 Yeah, finally we got to bring.
.
.
 People  are demanding the flop couple and the microtechs and the gourds.
 If an original movie, like an  original IP, like ET, like a movie was a smash hit, there would be so.
.
.
 Instantly, there would be  so much stuff and probably very safeguarded stuff or some cheapy license stuff.
 But it is odd, this  super successful movie has the weirdest modern day merch.
 It's bizarre.
 It doesn't make any sense and  it doesn't hint the movie, as we said before, the movie doesn't hint toward this actual mythology.
  Doesn't make any sense.
 There was an idea floating around the Screen Junkies offices for a long time  that I would get to interview Spielberg on a junket and ask him about all this stuff.
 And that would  be all.
 I wouldn't talk to him about like Bridge of Spies or anything.
 I would just over and over  ask about Botanicus and pitch him ideas for things, but that never came.
 I'm sure he would have been down to play ball.
  Oh yeah, he would have loved that.
 I'm sure that would have been a fun part.
 As all Screen Junkies,  press junkets did, he would have ended up seeing over your wedding.
 Just like Mundy in the Rock.
  That's true, that's a good point.
 Yeah, he would have been your efficient.
 And Botanicus would have  been my best man.
 You may now kiss my orb.
 You will be united in time forever.
 What's that music coming?  What's that? It sounds like Andriks coming for the lobby.
 Oh, it's Pot Tanakush.
 He's crashing the wedding.
  But he's got enough edibles for everyone.
 Only have one bite of this wedding cake or you'll be freaking out.
  We jamin.
 I mean, there's never been a thing that needs more merch than Pot Tanakus.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Pot Tanakush.
 Pot Tanakush.
 Excuse me, I'm sorry.
 You've been recording a lot today.
  In the great tradition of like Pothead, Rasta, Bart Simpson.
 Yes.
 I want some knockoff.
 We should,  maybe that's the idea.
 Maybe we make a Pot Tanakush shirt that's like of the quality of knockoff parts.
  Well, we need to make a hashtag Botanicus shirt.
 Sure, there'll be a traditional flavor.
 A traditional flavor Botanicus shirt and then a really dirt like truck stop shirt.
  Which is just kind of the same shirt, but it's just like a really janky looking joint sticking out his back.
  Yeah.
 Oh, well, we'll get right on that.
 Yeah, I like that idea.
 Any other feelings you guys have to sum up about our friend Botanicus?  I love him, want to see more of him and I want him to mellow out.
 I can't wait to see him in his true state.
  All right, Jason.
 I also can't wait to see you in his true state.
 Fucking baked.
  All right, so as the final thing now, I will play you a cover of a Botanicus song that I wrote.
  Oh.
 By a pop punk band and I'm not even sure.
 Let me see if I can find the name of the band because it's not prominently.
  The YouTube, there's a, it's a YouTube channel called Pierced Liquid Nipples and there are three videos.
  One looks like it's a Simpson shitposting type video.
 One is a man in a misfits like half shirt playing guitar in a bedroom and the other is my song.
  Wow, that's crazy.
 Well, so to sign off, I guess this will play us out.
 So you survived podcast The Ride The Second Gate.
  And Mike, anything you'd like to plug?  Oh, no, I mean, hashtag Botanicus and hashtag pot Tanacush.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 We didn't know we were going to come out of this for the second hashtag.
  And it feels great.
 We're creating IP every, every episode, but this IP, I think is right caught above even the stuff we've created at this point.
  The money.
 And yeah, now here to play us out the song about your original hashtag.
 Take it away.
  Guys, this is late breaking news.
 I said that this would happen if I got a response, but I did get,  after we recorded this Botanica's episode, I got an email from the book, the author of The Green  Planet, William Kotzwinkle.
 I emailed his blog.
 I didn't know if he was running it or whatever,  but I got an email from him.
 This is the man, this was like a week later.
 And this is, so basically  I asked him, I said, I have a question.
 We're doing some podcasts about the ET ride.
 I just wanted to  know, did you create all the characters, specifically Botanicus? And he, and he has responded,  dear Mike, thanks for your email, except for ET himself.
 I created all the characters in the book  of The Green Planet and that includes Botanicus exclamation point.
 Good luck with your podcasts.
  Best wishes from ET and me, Bill.
 I mean, a fun, sweet email from this man.
 He created Botanicus.
  This man-  You corresponded with the creator of Botanicus.
  Yes, this man did it.
 He created all of this and then they just used all this IP he created  for the ride, which is pretty crazy.
 So it's sort of what we suspected, but I was still thinking  there was some Amblin think tank or whatever, and here's some other concepts or ideas.
 No, no,  just this man made everything up.
 And then they were like, yeah, let's use that crap for the ride.
  That's how it used to be done.
 And not like nowadays where they put like 20 people in a  writer's room of like, all right, what are these Transformers going to do next?  Sure.
  That's very true that all of pop culture now is like very stiff corporate keep up of a mythology  that was shit out by an old man 45 years ago.
 It was like, try to get off work to go to the bar.
  Everyone sit the fuck down.
 We're not going home until we figure out what kind of car,  strawberry shortcake fucking drives.
  So yeah.
  Strawberry mobile.
  Sure sounds good.
 Everybody go home.
  There is a very good chance that Botanicus gets used in like a high profile something in the next  50 years.
  Being the, oh, they'll, they'll exploit ET in some further way.
  Right.
 As soon as everyone's.
  That's the, I mean, one of the highest grossing films ever.
 Just sitting there with nothing to  be done.
  Yeah.
 I mean, a lot of the Spielberg stuff is sitting there until he dies or a couple other  people die and then it's, it's open season.
 But at that point, I think they'll be going  through the archives.
 And again, like this gentleman, William Kotzwinkle created Botanicus  and perhaps, you know, we'll see movie after movie after movie exploring all of his characters.
  So credit him properly.
  Based on characters created by William Kotzwinkle and let's have ET at the end of the ride after  he says, goodbye to all of you.
  Mom, my friends were created by William Kotzwinkle.
  Thank you, Bill.
  Thank you.
  You created everyone but me.
  Thank you, daddy.
  Kotzwinkle.
  Botanicus said, thank you, daddy.
  Kotzwinkle.
  When you walk through the queue, that would be the greatest.
  Man.
 So it seems like, you know, it's also nice.
 It seems like he has some affection for this  or he just thinks I'm like a nine-year-old.
  Including Botanicus.
  Right.
 He's like, best wishes from ET and me.
 And then he's like, a dumb kid.
  He's not like, oh, there must be a 34-year-old man on the other side of this email.
  No, he's just like, oh, that's great.
  But he could tell you're not a nine-year-old kid because what nine-year-old kid would give a  fuck about the ET adventure.
  It's a good point.
 So he must know that I'm of a certain age, you would hope.
  So anyway, very exciting.
  We're going to have probably more Botanicus scoops after this episode comes out.
  But you know, for now, that's the most up-to-date scoop we have.
  And I exchanged one more email with voice of Botanicus, Ron Knight,  but I have nothing further to report yet.
  I hope that changes.
  But I swear to you guys and to the audience, I'm trying.
  Thank you.
 We appreciate it.
  Jason, if you could do a little more work on this Botanicus stuff,  I think we would appreciate it.
  So I don't know what the angle is, but just think about it.
  Find the man who sewed his big leaf.
  Yeah, sure.
  Find the leaf man.
  Bonnet.
  Find where his staff was manufactured.
  Yeah, if you could find the staff manufacturer, that would be really good.
  So please.
  Anyway, that's been the end of the addendum.
  You've survived the podcast, the Ride Second Gate addendum.
  And yeah, we'll see you on the Green Planet.
