 Forever!  Dog!  Trigger Warning  If you're easily offended, today's haunt cast the fright might not be for you, okay?  So, uh, PC Police, turn your sirens off.
  Uh, Vice Reporters, go eat some avocado toast.
  And, uh, Snowflakes, get melted.
  It's time for twisted cameos from pop culture figures like Brad Evans, Nick Cerelli, and yeah, Dr.
 Evil.
  This is Bill and Ted's excellent Halloween adventure on Haunt Cast the Fright.
  Welcome to Haunt Cast the Fright, a scary themed podcast event that much like Universal's Halloween Horror Nights is spreading into November.
  Devilishly spreading past the month of October.
  Uh, there, that's my justification of why we're still doing this past Halloween.
  Uh, Mike Carlson is here, hello.
  Yeah, and it makes sense because all the other, like, theme parks do past Halloween.
  They go a week past with Horror Nights, they go, I think, with, with Knots, goes like a week past.
  So this makes sense that we-  It does, that's why this is fine.
  There we go.
  Uh, Jason Sheridan.
  Yeah, I had written down, like, oh, are we gonna use that justification?  I totally forgot to talk about it before this recording.
  Of course we are.
  And so I'm glad we just, like, all silently agreed to that.
  That's exactly why.
  If the audience would like us to keep explaining the justification, we're more than happy to.
  I don't think I said my own name, which is Scott Gardner, and now I will say the names of our guests.
  But first, why they are here, it's a very specific reason.
  I mean, first of all, they're very, they're very funny, very prolific writers from the UCB Theater in Los Angeles.
  But also, they are two of the gentlemen who were brave enough to carry the torch, or perhaps the skewer,  in order to keep today's topic, Bill and Ted's Excellent Halloween Adventure, going,  even though it had been canceled by Universal Studios Hollywood.
  You guys did a reprise of it at the UCB Theater for a couple of years.
  And yes, I'm talking about Brad Evans and Nick Cirelli.
  Thanks for being here, guys.
  Hi.
  Hi, thank you for having us.
  Absolutely.
  But and thank you for all for your work carrying this franchise beyond its sad theme park demise.
  Yeah, without without permission from Universal Studios or whoever owns the rights to the character.
  Yeah, whoever owns Bill and Ted.
  But they were parodying so many different properties.
  You guys were just carrying on that torch of parroting something that you didn't have the rights to.
  Yeah.
  That's really what that's the spirit of the show is what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
 And carrying on the tradition of skirting legality issues in terms of intellectual property rights.
  It seemed like Universal was haunted, fittingly enough, by like lawsuit worries.
  Yeah, they were unable to use certain characters in the Bill and Ted Halloween show because yeah, I mean, it should be covered by parody law, I think.
  Really? So that's why I was wrong.
 So there were like lawsuits.
  I learned so much today.
  That's the root.
 Well, that seems to be what they're implying.
  About why you can't they couldn't take photos or video at a certain point from the audience.
  It seemed like there was a certain point where like they were really cracking down on it.
  Then maybe there was like some sort of behind the scenes specific drama or something.
  That was bad while perhaps in the effort to not create PR hubbub, which ended up happening and ultimately killing off the show.
  Were they trying to keep all of the offensiveness hidden?  Secret.
 Yeah, yeah.
 All the sick jokes that they made.
  What they should do is, and this is getting way ahead of ourselves, but if they do bring a bag, they should just do what many popular standups are doing now and having you check your cell phone in a bag.
  There's a company that has a special plan and we can do the Bill and Ted show.
  It's just that there will be no footage of it and you will not be allowed to speak about it.
  Yeah, I think that makes sense.
 Yeah.
  The Bill and Ted show is like a standup that got kicked out of the industry.
  It happened.
 It was the original Me Too.
  This show was a Me Too four years before the movement began in earnest.
  They just talked to Dave Chappelle.
 He'll give them the name of that bag company.
  It'll be fine.
  The next few years of Marin are going to evolve.
  He's going to stop complaining about when they do the check drop and start complaining about when they do the cell phone drop, when they return your cell phone bags to you.
  Oh, is the way this is a big Marin's sticking point.
  Oh, about comedians complaining about comedy clubs like, I'm still doing the act and they're passing out the checks for the check drop.
  Is this the kind of thing that he says in the first 10 minutes of WTF?  Because if so, I wouldn't know.
  It comes up on like standup episodes complaining about the check drop.
  I don't I would know what the check drop is if you had said it.
  I don't know.
 Oh, OK.
  Well, it's similar to how do you remember when we went to the Pirates Dinner Adventure, how we're trying to enjoy the Pirate show and yet bills are landing and they're asking us if we which type of the cake that we brought.
  We want to serve to us.
 Right.
  And it's confusing.
  And we ended up with two desserts.
  And one of them stayed in my car and Jason still wanted it.
  Jason wept.
 Jason wept.
  But I threw it away because it had been in the car.
  Let's not reopen Old Wounds.
  What a nice show.
  Think of those poor Pirate Dinner actors, though.
  They're trying to focus.
  The cake drop is what they.
  On the Pirates exclusive podcast where they talk to past Pirate guests and new Pirate recruits from this season.
  Boy, let's get into the cake drop.
  Hey, but let's well here.
  Let's let's talk about this show.
  I'm not even sure where to begin.
  I mean, like basic facts for any listener who doesn't know.
  Universal Studios does the event Halloween Horror Nights.
  And they were doing it in Florida long before they were doing it in Hollywood in a fixture from early on for I believe 1992 on was this live Bill and Ted show, which I think was less this way in the beginning.
  But it evolved to become this grand celebration or or, you know, I guess, you know, an anti celebration of pop culture throughout the year.
  And, you know, it, you know, it went there.
  It was a little edgier than your typical theme park material.
  But I guess.
  OK, so was that was the show on your your guys radar pre 2013 or was it the article that got it is part of your fixation.
  I saw the 2008 Bill and Ted's excellent Halloween adventure with friends when I was in college.
  We went to Halloween Horror Nights and I didn't give it a second thought afterwards.
  I was just like, well, this this that was interesting.
  Yeah, that's the tapestry of theme park stuff like Cassie.
  You don't think about it.
  Yes.
 Then five years later, it got canceled here in Hollywood.
  And I was sad that I didn't get to see it more than once.
  Maybe perhaps not realizing the degree to which it changed every year and that you couldn't just see just one that wouldn't give you the full spectrum.
  Like this is a 20 2008 is not similar at all.
  The 2011 is not similar at all to 1994.
  Yeah, yeah, I think we were watching some early ones on YouTube.
  A lot of videos of this Bill and Ted's excellent Halloween adventure are on YouTube in their entirety, despite it saying no, no recording is allowed in a pre bag era.
  This was possible.
  But it seems like at first it's like just general movie characters are coming in.
  Yeah, it's just like the Blues Brothers are coming out and the Terminator came up frequently.
  Universal characters that were already associated with the park.
  Yeah, yeah, it started more.
  Yeah, it's just yeah.
  But and yeah, and it seemed like there were a lot of in the early days like the DeLorean opens, but then it's not Doc Brown.
  He was obsessed in general with fake outs.
  Somebody arriving you think it'll be and then it is so who's Mulder and Scully like six months, six years into the X-Files.
  They did it with with Scooby Doo.
  They have the mystery machine come out and they're like green smoke comes out.
  Yeah.
  We ate too many Scooby snacks.
  Green smoke?  Yeah, weed does.
  Weed is green.
  The weed color.
  I'm not doing the right stuff apparently.
  But you know not to jump around too much in time in the history of this, but like kind of like you said you saw it in 2008 didn't really register with you as anything good or bad.
  And then an article in Vice came out that sort of blew this whole thing wide open.
  I don't have the headline in front of me.
  It was by a writer, Jamie Tate, but it essentially alludes to that this show is extremely homophobic and racist and misogynist and all that.
  This article got a lot of attention, probably less people being upset about it and more like really that's what they do there.
  And Universal had to issue a statement if you weren't happy with the statement.
  And then they for that season with a couple weeks to go canceled the show entirely and never to return in Hollywood.
  It kept going in Orlando.
  It kept going in Orlando because the braying hordes of Florida were just like more please.
  But yeah, so this sort of it got all this notoriety for that reason, which then you know what probably in a couple years like 2015 you guys started doing this UCB show and it sort of imagines what it would have been had they done it that year.
  Yeah, it kept coming.
  Yeah, we wrote it with our friends Joe Quizzola and Chris Stevens and they played Bill and Ted.
  There's some very funny Chicago.
  Yeah, yeah, we were just we were like at like a party like in spring of that year just talking about it.
  And we were just kind of like, oh, it would be fun to just do that show.
  And then like I think one of them emailed us and we were like, hey, should we actually do this?  And we did it.
  Wow.
  And this was like no small feat.
  This was essentially like a play that you wrote every year just to do one time.
  30 people in the cast, multiple characters.
  Yeah, I remember.
  Yeah, that's we would be up after the first year we were up after this UCB show Ask Kat and it had like the UCB founders were there and we just had like 60 people backstage.
  We couldn't get to shut the fuck up and you could just hear them echoing into the theater, disrupting like a comedy show that isn't just, you know, making fun of a deceased theme park show.
  Yeah, we did.
 We did it for three years.
  Ours was called Bill and Ted's spooky Halloween spoof tackler.
  Oh, you had you amended it to make it a little more you skewered the title.
  That title is so, you know, it's right there.
  It's right there for you.
  We spoofed the title.
  That's one point I want to get across about the Universal show.
  I wouldn't say it's parodying or, you know, satire.
  This is these are spoofs.
  This is like, yeah, it's very much like like scary movie or meet the spark.
  Like it's that but live.
  It is so much the the Friedberg sets of school of comedy.
  The where it's not where the parody is that a character shows up that he's there is the like we we spoofed Austin Powers by having him walk in.
  I say the things people like.
  I'm wondering if that's why there were legal worries because it's like, well, there isn't really any parody.
  There's no exploration of the ideas.
  There's no connecting it to other ideas.
  There was no commentary.
  The big thing with parody law.
  I was just dealing with a boring issue where like we couldn't show the concept art of a building in Saudi Arabia that will be the build the biggest building in the world.
  But we could show it if we said like it looks bad or it might collapse in the Saudi Arabian sand.
  That was a lawyer's suggestion.
  Yeah.
  So that makes it OK.
  But we couldn't just show we couldn't show the building and say this is a building being built.
  It had to be commented on in some way.
  You had to.
  Yeah, you had to.
  Yeah, there's parody laws, but there's no spoof laws.
  Yeah.
  These studios are just begging for a take on Austin Power.
  They're just like what like, you know, you can do awesome powers, but like what do you have to say about this guy?  So he's funny for our culture.
  Yeah.
  What is it?  What is the definition of the word spoof as opposed to parody?  Like, is there actually a difference?  If I looked it up?  I don't know.
  I'd be curious.
  It feels like it's the combination of two different words, but I don't think it is.
  It in and of itself is it's an onomatopoeia in that it is doing its own purpose with by sounding so silly.
  Oh, is it the is the word goof part of the word spoof?  Hmm.
  Yeah, I think it's a way it's there.
  The word spoof is parodying the word goof.
  Yeah.
  We're already so far down the rabbit hole.
  It's spooky or combined with goofing.
  It's a spooky goof.
  Yeah.
  Can we just say what would be a spoof?  I would say all like the Wayans Brothers movies are spoofs.
  The airplane movies are spoofs.
  I would say.
  Are naked guns spoofs?  I would get through those spoofs.
  Those are spoofs, but they're not parodies.
  But like, wasn't it also a parody of a disaster movie like Airplane?  Yeah, like Airport.
  Right.
  They're like maybe 77 through 79 or whatever.
  A spoof is just like a dumber pair.
  Like it is just like a dumber parody of a thing.
  I have a definition noun, a humorous imitation of something, typically a film or a particular genre of film in which its characteristic features are exaggerated for comedic effect.
  So it sounds like Bill and Ted isn't even a spoof.
  You don't think so?  Sounds like they don't exaggerate anything.
  They don't exaggerate so much.
  Yeah, true.
  And Bill and Ted themselves kind of do what they did in the movie.
  I think there are spoof moments because, for example, the real Lindsay Lohan would not do a big line of blow with a thundering echoing sucking sound and then say Lindsay likey.
  Maybe I'm wrong though.
  You might be wrong about that though.
  Yeah, that might have come from a real story from someone who knows.
  That is seen in the canyons.
  The canyons.
  Sorry, Lindsay Lohan and James Dean.
  Who can forget the canyons?  Who can forget the canyons?  Yes, from Paul Schrader, from a very good director, this odd porn movie.
  Yeah, I watched about five of these from YouTube and it got to the point where watching the one from the year 2000, when the crocodile hunter shows up to save Britney Spears from being attacked by saber tooth from the X-Men, at that point it lowered my expectations so much I wrote this is at least a connection.
  Like this is at least connecting some disparate ideas and then the rock shows up and beats up saber tooth.
  The rock that would not obviously not the actual rock.
  But just like when he shows up at a real wrestling show, the rock got a huge pop from the audience just from his music playing and the guy walking down the aisle.
  A lot of these audiences seem confused that it's like not the real person.
  Maybe it's like tourists.
  They're at Hollywood.
  But like the guy that comes out as the rock people go insane.
  Yeah.
  And kiss shows up in a few with them.
  And there is one.
  There's a very funny one.
  I think it's the same year 2001 where a guy is commenting as he's videotaping and he seems to be very horny.
  And he went, that's kiss.
  Also, that may actually have been kiss.
  It was like the fourth generation kiss members.
  It could have been kissed.
  I bet it's not.
  I bet it's not kissed.
  Probably not.
  They show five times a night for weeks.
  Gene Simmons doesn't like to do stuff like that for free or a little money.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  But it's possible it's some weird iteration where like it's all it's one of their cousins and then three hired guns.
  Yeah.
  I felt the same way with one that I the only one I watched in full was 2007.
  So at the end you get an Avril Lavigne look alike performing the song Girlfriend.
  And I got the same feeling from the audience that they're like she gets a cheer and like is that Avril Lavigne?  Wow.
  Which that being like if you believed the reality of this like in a way.
  Yeah.
  Avril Lavigne showed up to only sing the chorus of her song and then left.
  And also the real Gerard Butler from 300 showed up and said is and the real cheerleader from Heroes.
  That's a really bizarre thing of mine.
  Maybe I think we probably all have our own to to show and tell the fact that Heroes was prominently featured in 2007.
  Inexplicable today.
  And the one big runner was a guy walks out with like big furry eyebrows.
  He looks like animals were pressed onto his face.
  And then it's like mumble explained that's supposed to be one of the actors in Heroes who apparently had thick eyebrows.
  Oh maybe the horned rim glasses guy.
  He didn't have glasses though.
  Oh he didn't have.
  Oh OK.
  Who was.
  Am I.
 Is this a wild leap that I'm wrong about.
  Is Zachary Quinto in Heroes.
  Yeah that was like his break.
  Yeah that was his big break.
  I think that's who it is.
  I think they're saying he has big thick eyebrows.
  Spoofing his eyebrows.
  I was like the first thing I thought of was Peter Gallagher but I don't think he was on Heroes.
  I don't think he was.
  He was on the OC.
  He was on the OC but he has very prominent eyebrows.
  He does.
  Yeah.
  I don't think Quinto is unless they're thinking he's he wasn't Spock yet right.
  No.
  But who has prominent eyebrows.
  He had a very specific look in that show.
  Let me see how his eyebrows looked.
  They could have just been making fun of the general idea of eyebrows.
  There was a general idea of 20 of 2007.
  Yeah what were the 2007 eyebrow trends.
  Because right now thick brows are very on trend.
  My mom though told me that I need to tweeze mine.
  This is true.
  She said I have two.
  That's two.
  They're too bushy.
  I don't think I agree.
  They seem fine.
  They seem normal from here.
  Yeah.
  Everyone says normal.
  Why am I in everyone's eyebrows.
  I don't see anything weird going on.
  I guess he has a lot of great sense of eyebrows.
  I guess Quinto has a lot of eyebrow.
  Yeah that's pretty prominent.
  But that's a I mean that's a reach.
  That's like a.
  Got a laugh.
  Everyone in the audience agreed.
  Oh yeah.
  That here you all know his big eyebrows.
  Is there a running joke on heroes about his eyebrows.
  No but it is weird.
  It is weird like just the thing going back and watching these Bill and Ted shows online the things that you're like was this even popular at the time.
  Right.
  Heroes I think was.
  We were heroes was it got fucked up by the writers.
  Like that was a show that got messed up by the writers.
  Also if anyone remembers a couple of years ago heroes came back for like 10 episodes.
  Oh yeah.
  Remember this.
  Yeah.
  Henry Zabrowski from Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell.
  Oh wow.
  Yeah.
  Interesting.
  Well Ben Bill and Ted today could have spoofed the return of heroes but vice I guess doesn't want that.
  That's too extreme for Vice magazine.
  Yeah.
  But these shows were all all excuse me only taking place at the horror nights.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  At night when maybe people were looser they were a little drunker very drunk maybe.
  I don't know the history of alcohol at Universal Hollywood.
  Some well someone told us there is limited alcohol at Hollywood now and that the Orlando one is is much more tame with alcohol now.
  Oh but it used to be like a free for all.
  Yeah.
  When my friend my friend and her family went when we were in high school and she said her she was like 16 and her parents were just buying margaritas for them and one for her and no one cared or paid attention.
  As opposed to you in Orlando got super carted to where you couldn't get.
  The woman at the Margaritaville Margaritaville stand though was willing to look at the picture of my passport on my phone and give me a margarita.
  She played ball.
  She played ball but the people at Disney were making my friend buy me drinks because when I went to Orlando in March my driver's license was expired.
  So there were many places who would not serve me alcohol despite the fact that I'm a gray haired 34 year old man.
  With facial hair.
  With facial hair.
  Prominent brows.
  They can't be too careful.
  Those brows you know some worked on them you might not be able to booze anymore.
  I'm too young.
  That's what my mom wants though.
  With your hat now with your Beastie Boy hat.
  I would love to come over one day and you had incredibly thin eyebrows.
  You're like I tried something new and I guess I just have to wait it out.
  I finally listened to mom.
  I finally listened to mom.
  This is for you mom.
  This is for you mother.
  Mommy mommy.
  Here's okay my overall because I assume that what this will turn into is saying all of the things that we found that happened in the show.
  Which is a remarkable thing to do.
  Like I just like copy and pasting sections from BillandTed.
org and thanks for passing that our way Brad.
  Just reading these synopses without affect is insane.
  But I truly like I was starting to go through it year by year and then I broke.
  I actually I was doing it today and I'll save the moment when I broke.
  That's just a tease for later.
  But there was something I you know like I guess I admittedly woke up this morning not feeling great a little like sleep hazy.
  And teetering on do I go back to bed.
  And then there was one thing I read that was like I'm getting back in the bed and I took a nap.
  I like this these synopses wore me out.
  And in general Jason and I talked about this too that sometimes the research for these episodes is a pleasure.
  Something like star tours which we love so much like you know my wife and I at home were like oh you know I need to watch more star tour stuff.
  You want to watch while we eat dinner.
  Oh yeah totally.
  And we watch specials and it's fun and I'll remember this this thing it came up I was like do you want to I need to watch Bill and Ted stuff.
  And she was like you know what no.
  And I was like yeah I know no I'm sorry I asked I don't I can't make you live with that in your own home.
  These things are so they're so headache inducing all of these shows.
  Aaron did you take off your wedding ring.
  After I.
  Yeah so this episode is passed I don't want to associate with you.
  Me and Nick loved researching this one.
  Psychopaths.
  High tolerance.
  Insane.
  You are very good at curating this sort of trash like this.
  I don't know how to describe the the the elements of our culture.
  You guys wrote a web series directed by our very own Scott Garner called Death Valley Tween Fest which is a very funny critique of like the current you know YouTuber culture social media culture and is now you can now watch it is now available to watch it available on YouTube and Facebook.
  Watch it's now a Facebook watch.
  Yeah.
  It's at Facebook dot com slash tween fest.
  Doesn't matter where you see it as long as like the shows the shows so much funnier than all of the the lame platforms it's on.
  If people send you guys like a blank DVD will you burn it and then send it back to them.
  Yeah.
  Definitely.
  Do you like eBay sales of Tween Fest before that show.
  Yeah.
  You guys made me aware of a lot of the horrors of because it's a show kind of like I kept describing it as like all of the worst components of 2016 influencer culture all like get into a giant collision in the insufferable heat of the desert.
  And it's like there's so much like so much horror you guys were aware of and like too much even to fit into the show.
  Yeah.
  The one thing.
  Oh because a big Drew Tarver the listeners might know from other podcasts and such very very funny as a character who is a way.
  What's the term the social social experiment.
  Yeah.
  He's based off Fousey tube and Josie Joey salad.
  Like see what it like these words.
  I recognize these words.
  They're very.
  Although but you're your whole thing on our podcast.
  You're the one who's up on the current youth trend.
  The most of the three of us.
  Yeah.
  And to me this even I have my limits.
  But then when I saw you sell stuff.
  You're right.
  Millions of views.
  My one of my favorite things on on Death Valley Tween Fest is the dabble dudes.
  Which are a parody of the bus former BuzzFeed try to try to try guys.
  Yeah.
  And now any time I see the try guys in like the trades or stuff I just go like do they mean the dabble.
  Do you know the dabble.
  Do you miss printed up in your brain.
  They dabble in different things.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They start dabbling and wearing high heels and stuff you know doing girl stuff.
  And then and then it becomes getting lizard brains and what else happens.
  Yeah.
  Replacing their blood with the hot sauce.
  Their sweat glands.
  Hot sauce.
  Cannibalism.
  Yeah.
  Check out Tween Fest by the way in general I was going to say at the end but also of notes for any theme park fans out there because I was very excited to get to work with John Michael Higgins who stars in the show who has done many one of the  wonderful things all the Christopher guest films but to me will always be the guy who explains what's going to happen to you in test track.
  Ask him about test track.
  I feel like it's not my story to tell but I got to hear all the great behind the scenes test track scoops.
  It was a blast.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We love garbage.
  I don't know.
  I just like to feel feelings you know I like good stuff and bad stuff.
  The okay stuff is the stuff I have.
  You do have very good taste both of you.
  Oh thank you.
  But then conversely you're also great at finding just these wonderful disasters.
  I think what's also like fascinating about the Bill and Ted show is that like the monotony of of every single year where it is like the exact same thing over and over again and like the same characters come back and like the it's the same sort of like beats as they follow that there is just some sort of just kind of like I don't know.
  There's like a dread and just like having to watch the same thing.
  Oh yeah.
  Well what are the what are the what are the components that do recur every year because your guys fictionalized show also have the same things but there's like the like the obvious all the references change but there's like the plot tent poles that are always the same.
  Yeah I mean some of the things they do every year in the show we couldn't do because it would make our show too unwatchable.
  They basically they open every year with like a warning being like this show is naughty and get out of here if you're offended.
  Yeah yeah.
  No photography and they're sexy dancers.
  Yeah.
  You don't like getting horny leave.
  Yeah.
  If you don't like racism.
  Yeah they put it all out there.
  Yeah.
  The original trigger warning.
  Yeah yeah.
  By the Bill and Ted show.
  Two thousand or something.
  But yeah they start with the dance number they always end with a big dance number.
  The dance and the dance number it's it's not comedy usually it's usually just a bunch of sexy buff men and women.
  Yeah it's like whatever like the sexiest men and women pop culture figures of that year come out and then they're they're dancing.
  They dance for a while.
  It's just a weird show because they bring in they get you horny and they make you laugh then they get you horny again.
  Yeah.
  It's book ended by these incredible by the end of the run of this these dance numbers were incredibly long.
  Yeah.
  Yes totally.
  Many many songs and that have bizarre like in the in the 2007 one you just get a performance of Fight for Your Right to Party.
  Yes.
  You just get the full Beastie Boys song but it's three guys who come out in the intergalactic wardrobe not the 80s Beastie Boys which I guess so that's I guess that's the spoof component.
  What if we put them in different clothes that they also wore.
  Some of the costumes are good and some of them are very bad.
  What's your favorite costume.
  I don't know it's all just a morass right.
  Oh I like the Mr.
 Byrds.
  Oh okay.
  Mr.
 Byrds.
  Next level.
  Well okay here let's let's say this then there is always one of the components every year is that there is a concerted villain.
  Perhaps multiple villains but it seems like typically a primary you know alpha villain.
  Yeah.
  And yes and this could be this could be a very scary character or it could be a funny villain like the Simpsons Mr.
 Byrds.
  What let's hear we can we can go all the all out of order.
  What what what what happens in this Mr.
 Byrds year.
  That's the 2001 Orlando that Mr.
 Byrds is the villain.
  It's the villain will always come out will come out and say this big evil plan they have involving Bill and Ted.
  They're going to take over the world using the theme park show and using their using their time traveling phone booth against them.
  Yes they don't really it doesn't seem to be that they time travel.
  No they don't use the weird thing about the Bill and Ted Halloween show is nothing Halloween based happens at all.
  And there's not too much Bill and Ted stuff aside from they host it and they have a phone booth.
  Yeah and they say and they say sixty nine and they say sixty nine so much that always comes back.
  Bill and Ted introducing themselves like in the movies happens at the beginning of every show and the audience cheers.
  Yeah just said that and I feel like your guys's show at UCB was was good at pointing out that like does anyone remember these movies that what like I feel like the sequel the second one came out in 91 which was when this show started right.
  Close to one and I feel like by 93 94 we had all kind of like checked out on Bill and Ted.
  Yeah right.
  Wayne and Garth despite having come technically later than Bill and Ted he had a much bigger pop cultural footprint is a much more quality holds up film does not have.
  Yeah.
  Doesn't have all the F words in it and I don't mean if you see K.
  I mean the other.
  Yeah.
  Yeah much more endearing characters Wayne and Garth Bill and Ted who love to say gay slurs.
  Yeah I would also just say though that it would be very weird if Wayne and Garth were hosting the Universal Horror Nights show in 2017.
  We are to you you think because it's a more like guarded property we're we're we're I feel like yeah I think you're right.
  Yeah I think NBC Universal owns it every now and then there's stuff that shows up in this where it's like the ambiguously gay duo shows up and I'm like well that they don't have to because they own it.
  But then they're just again they're just anytime a comedy person shows up like they're just doing the lines that worked in the mood like when Shrek shows up he like farts like that's it.
  Yeah no yeah they just it's like it's like cover it's cover band stuff it's like.
  Yeah that's a good thing the scream the killer from scream goes what's up which I'm pretty sure is right from scary.
  Yeah it is like it's scary movie killer guy.
  They took a thing from a spoof and did that.
  Yeah.
  It was already a parody.
  This stuff drives me insane.
  It honestly is kind of my like origin story of being a comedy writer because I remember very specifically that I like there was some like class skits project in ninth grade and I had worked hard on an original skit that did not you know that was about whatever we were doing in social studies.
  And it did not go over terribly well but I was satisfied because it was original and then the most popular kid in school went up and said yeah baby and everyone in the classroom cheered.
  And I like I still remember it I remember the point of view I had in the classroom when it happened how angry it made me I still things like this make me as angry today.
  Like the idea that you don't have this rule anyone who doesn't have this rule in their brain you cannot do a comedy thing and get the laugh that someone else thought of.
  It's not allowed but it's becoming allowed more and more we're breaking norms as we are in Washington in the comedy world norms are being broken as well and we need to stick with the norms.
  Yeah I try coaching improv or sketch students I am anytime they're like there is an improv scene about improv or like a sketch about I'm like hey okay maybe maybe don't do this.
  Yeah, because it's it's just it just becomes a circle it just becomes the snake eating its own tail.
  And it's not fulfilling.
 Yeah I mean I really feel like like the 2016 election broke everyone's like brains and now the like mainstream comedy kind of is doing this Bill and Ted cover band comedy type of things like Samantha B was singing Zendaya is Meachie last week like SNL did Meet the Parents.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
 You're getting the laugh off of Robert De Niro saying you fucker like that you are taking your laugh from something a different comedy from 20 years ago, not allowed not the norms.
  Yeah, really yeah Melissa McCarthy doing the Matt Foley character as an old board it's just like, this is what the billet edge show is, but with famous people and that's what mainstream comedy.
 Yeah, and sometimes now, Scott I very much relate to that like that like the stress and anger of like trying to make an original it's like this is draft eight of something it's like already.
  The guy's got to fall down this way in this line the rhythm needs to be like that that that that and then yeah someone goes out and goes like yeah do I make you horny baby that people cheer in the streets.
  I mean honestly I find this in a weird way I find when people get a laugh out of saying grab them by the pussy or dance around the phrase grab them by the pussy in a way aren't they like using Trump's writing.
  Are you like in a weird way getting a laugh off of something he said to be funny that obviously is very offensive and awful but isn't that like if you're all the joke you're doing is just saying grab them by the pussy it's just recognizing the reference yeah.
  I guess was an accident on his part maybe we'll never know with his follow up tweet yeah I know all this we yeah we have the same gene of this making our heads explode and your guys a show when you would do it at UCB there was a level of there was more commentary there was more like self awareness and irony to it which I  was saying to you guys last night like these bill intents if they had just been a little a little more irony a little more self-awareness it would have just been a UCB variety like show yeah it would have just and Brad you would said like these are at least consistent like these are consistent yeah and they're very short they're very fast paced.
  Yeah it was a more satisfying show than a lot of live comedy shows I've seen in Los Angeles.
  Yeah one of my favorite things in I think it was in the 2016 one or maybe it was 2017 but I forget whether it was Bill and Ted just turns to the audience after some disaster thing of the year and just went our culture is good and must be preserved.
  Like I think about that all the time all the time especially like yeah with the broken brain comedy which is like comedians like referring to it's like I don't call him Donald Trump I call him 45 and I'm like oh shoot me.
  Or other here without name checking anything there are there.
  Okay, John Oliver does the drum that he calls Trump drum yes there's other comedy that uses drum as a joke.
  But he you didn't think of that drum is not up for grabs you don't get to build on the joke of drums.
  This is what this is the highest horse.
  Yeah, I feel I'm so happy to vent about all of these things.
 Yeah.
 And look by getting into this area of spoofs and goofs, we get to where we're getting there these grievances so Bill and Ted's doing us a real service.
  Yeah, thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thanks Bill and Ted.
  I am so excited to tell you about a lovely meal kit delivery service that I'm obsessed with.
 It's called HelloFresh.
 HelloFresh shops plans and delivers step by step recipes and pre measured ingredients so you can cook, eat and enjoy.
  My favorite HelloFresh meal is the balsamic fig chicken.
 It's very very awesome, and I made it which is pretty amazing in the place that I live my home.
  All right, here's how it works.
 There are three plans to choose from classic veggie and family.
 Forget planning dinner spending money on take out at 10pm, worrying about gathering ingredients week after week, all the ingredients come pre measured and handy labeled meal kits, so you know which ingredients go with what recipe.
  It's easy.
 The recipes are simple and the instructions are outlined on pictured step by step cards, so it's like super hard to screw it up which is good for me.
  Spend less time meal planning and grocery shopping each week and get that time back to do more of what you love.
  Most recipes take only 30 minutes, so you can listen to podcasts right like you can listen to one fifth an episode of podcasts to ride while you prepare your meal.
  And HelloFresh is a subscription service so your meals come to you week after week, just when you need them.
  Okay, so here we have a very special offer for all you podcasts to ride listeners out there for a total of $60 off that comes to $20 off your first three boxes.
  Visit HelloFresh.
com slash theme park 60 and enter promo code theme park 60.
 That's HelloFresh.
com slash theme park 60 and enter promo code theme park 60 for $60 off HelloFresh.
  Alright guys, I want to talk to you about a new product called Eero Plus.
 Eero Plus is like a new Wi-Fi system that's designed to provide simple reliable security that defends all your home's devices against a growing number of threats such as malware, spyware, phishing attacks, as well as unsuitable content.
  The combination of Eero with Eero Plus provides complete protection for your network and all the devices and those who use them as they connect to the internet.
  Okay, so what's included in Eero? Total network protection.
 Eero Plus offers the ability to block malicious and unwanted content across your entire network.
  Advanced security.
 You know, by checking the sites you visit against a database of millions of known threats, Eero Plus prevents you from accidentally visiting malicious sites without slowing anything down.
  Content blocking.
 Eero Plus automatically tags sites that contain violent, illegal, or adult content so you can choose what your kids can and cannot visit right in the Eero app.
  Ad blocking.
 Get rid of annoying ads and pop-ups on all your devices.
 Ad blocking also improves load times for ad-heavy sites so you can browse and stream faster than ever before, including third-party security apps, VPN production from encrypt.
me, password management from 1Password, antivirus software from MalwareBytes.
  Here's the thing.
 The single-router model just doesn't work for an increasingly high-bandwidth world.
 It's simple physics.
 Like light waves, Wi-Fi waves don't go through walls well.
 Imagine asking a light bulb in your living room to light your master bedroom.
 It would be crazy.
  What you need is a distributed system.
 This is what offices have had for years.
 A considerable work and expense.
 With Eero, you can install an enterprise-grade Wi-Fi system in your home in just a few minutes.
  Simply download the Eero app on your iOS or Android devices and it'll walk you through each step of the process.
 It's quick, easy, and painless.
  Current Wi-Fi routers are really tough to manage and optimize.
 The Eero app lets you manage your network from the palm of your hand so you know how many devices are connected at any given point, as well as the internet speed that you're getting from your service provider.
 You can also easily create and share a guest network.
  Eero is protected with state-of-the-art WPA2 encryption, and because it controls the hardware and the software for your entire network, it ensures that you're always secure.
 Since traditional routers don't push software updates to their customers, they are left vulnerable to cyber attacks.
 Eero updates automatically so that you not only have the latest features, but the latest security at all times.
  Eero has incredible customer support.
 It's something that the company is really invested in.
 You can call and get ahold of a Wi-Fi expert within 30 seconds.
 If you have any worries about your other connected devices during setup, one of Eero's experts can walk you through everything.
 Their experts can also help you if you're not sure how many Eeros are right for your home.
 Just call.
  So what I like about Eero is that it was very, very easy to setup, and now I finally get good coverage all over the apartment.
 It used to be there was like a dead spot in the bathroom.
 No longer I can get good Wi-Fi everywhere.
 And let me reiterate, this is very easy to setup.
 I was concerned I was not going to be able to do this.
 I did it in like less than 15 minutes.
 So incredibly simple.
 Michael can do it.
  Okay, never think about Wi-Fi again.
 Get $100 off the Eero base unit and two beacons package and one year of Eero.
 Plus, visit Eero.
com slash theme park and a checkout ad theme park.
 You're going to be very happy.
  Okay, where do we? Okay, we I mean we could start anywhere.
 We could throw a dart.
 But as I said a while ago, as a case study, what is the what happened with Mr.
 Burns? Oh, yes.
 This is the 2000 Orlando show.
 Okay.
 Oh, I have my own synopsis.
 I can follow along.
  Okay, I still still like not totally crazy, but like by not 2017 2016 ones of just like super like there at least is an attempt at a through line and all the ones pre 9 11 seems so wholesome.
 Yeah, it's very nice going back and watching.
 Yeah.
 It's  So did the bill and Ted show in a way.
 I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, so it's Mr.
 Burns and this guy just has this freakish rubber mask.
 Mr.
 Burns, but it only covers half his face and then his I don't mean to like insult the theme park after the played Mr.
 Burns in the 2000 Bill and Ted show.
 But like he doesn't do a great Mr.
 Burns voice.
 That's a hard voice to do.
 Was it Ted Cruz? Sorry, Ted Cruz played all a lot of Simpsons characters in a BuzzFeed video.
  I sometimes I refer to this as if people know it, but often people don't look up Ted Cruz does Simpsons voices.
 Amazing piece of work.
 Yeah, I mean, I have a note just of all the I just wrote down all the people that are standing on stage with Bill and Ted by the end of the 2000 show.
 Oh, please.
  It's a real it's a real just clusterfuck.
 This bill and Ted, which like why are they on stage in 2000? But they're they're with Big Mama shaft, the Charlie's Angels, Mr.
 Burns Smithers, Karen and Jack from Will and Grace, Ethan Hunt, Storm and Mystique from X-Men and the crocodile hunter who never stops talking about how he likes to smear poop on himself.
 Yeah.
 Huh?  What's that about? I don't know.
 Is that like something like maybe there was an episode where he had to put like a I think that wasn't a feces on himself.
 Yeah.
 There is also a point at the end of the show where Elion Gonzalez.
 Yeah, I have Elion written down in all caps.
 He transforms into Enrique Iglesias and start and takes off his shirt and like dances.
 Janet there's a runner in the show.
 Janet Reno is chasing Elion Gonzalez across the stage repeatedly with like a big dog catcher net.
 Yeah.
  I'm just trying to get him and this just happens throughout just the I want to say a lot of these synopses thankfully are provided and kept up by Bill and Ted dot org.
 It's a great resource.
 Yes.
 Nonprofit website and work it is under the Halloween section.
 Yeah, there is a lot of donate to Bill and Ted dot org.
  Is there a Patreon for Bill and Ted dot org? But the way these synopses are written there's something about where they don't put a lot of like English on it and I think it's wonderful.
 Like the way like what you just described it was described by their synopses writer and as such Van Halen's running with the devil plays and Janet Reno comes out of the phone booth with a net in her hands.
  Alien Gonzalez runs out to get away from her and they chase about.
 Then after that characters who were apparently not on stage by the end Britney Spears and Lil Kim have a dance off that ends when Britney snatches Lil Kim's wig off.
 Then Britney is attacked by the villain wrestler, wrestler Kevin Nash from the WWF.
 The rock comes out to her rescue.
  What we will we hear was this again? Why is Kevin Nash? I think it was saber tooth, but he looks like Kevin Nash.
 So someone misidentified Kevin Nash's saber tooth is Kevin Nash.
 Wait, did Kevin Nash play saber tooth in the movie? No, that was Tyler Maine.
 Oh, excuse me.
  Rest in peace, Tyler Maine.
 Running Bill and Ted dot org is probably a very hard job.
 Let's just give the benefit of the doubt.
 The person describing these.
 Kevin Nash is in Magic Mike and he played super shredder.
  Really? Oh, well, then that's a indelible performance.
 I do love super shredder.
 By the way, if you're curious about what Mr.
 Burns' plan is, Mr.
 Burns has invented a pocket rocket that he has used to steal and store today's pop superstars.
 So like on a drive and there seems to be a part later where he like downloads characters and onto the stage.
  So they're using Kid Napster dot kidnapster dot com.
 He's going to sell the pop stars themselves.
 That's pretty good.
 Kid Napster.
  Very pro Lars Erlich.
 No, yeah, as far as the Bill and Ted show goes, Kid Napster is closer to a joke than this celebrity comes out and does their thing.
 Are we discovering that the show got worse as time went on? It got hornier.
 Yeah, I think it got worse.
  I guess I feel like the earlier versions of it were like they were strictly kind of like the universal properties of just like we have the Blues Brothers come out and then Terminator comes out.
 And then like at some point they were like, hey, let's get a little risky and throw in some of these other characters.
 So maybe it was just kind of like a cumulation of just too many characters and too much shit.
  I think the Internet made our culture bad and have too many things.
 It used to be in 2000 summing up all the things with Bill and Ted, you could just do an hour.
 Oh, yeah, we all know the popular things.
 But then it's like we saw one with the hide your kid hide your wife guy.
  Oh, yeah, once you knew was the auto news guy.
 Yeah, once like and it got like a huge response in the show.
 But once the once memes come into it, once they start using just like people from commercials, just do it like once they start doing like William Shatner is the price line negotiator who becomes like a main character.
  He is like he comes in like halfway through like like the 2000 and something one and you know, that was considered like a primary piece of pop culture at the time.
 Yeah, like for like that does.
 That's crazy that that is in there.
 But it is better than like stuff like in the 2005 one where they have the Dukes of Hazard and from the movie.
  And there's no way anyone cared about that movie.
 People probably did care about the price line man more than the Dukes of Hazard.
 So I think they write the show in advance is why sometimes.
 Yeah, they're they're predicting sort of like, oh, this will be a big deal.
 Yeah, we saw one where it's like it opens on the family from the vacation reboot.
 And they're like, hi, we're here looking and it's like the audience truly does not follow.
 Yeah, I didn't see that.
 How would you like represent them like the kids are just like too good to be.
  Guys, but they had a son and a daughter in the vacation reboot.
 It's a it's two boys.
 But in the live show is a son and a daughter.
 They didn't even see it.
 Huh? And possibly written in advance to where and they'd already cast the daughter.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What a funny thing also with vacation is like, you know how we're going to reinvent the wheel.
 Take one of the primary female characters away.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The problem we kind of we have a list of insane characters we saw a crosswalking 10 of these shows.
 Let's hear it.
 Strip.
 Arella Stanley Strip Arella.
  It's like a spike.
 Wow.
 From Spike TV short lived adult entertainment block.
 Yeah.
 With Ren and Stimpy's party cart.
 I got off a Ren and Stimpy when they did that again.
 Yeah.
 You were in and still John K was back.
  There was a G girl for my super ex girlfriend.
 Uma Thurman's character G girl.
 Oh my super ex.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Luke Wilson.
 Yes.
 I've been corrected.
 Yeah.
 God.
 Jet Li's character was seeing who from Lethal Weapon 4.
  One of the best ones is Russell Brands Arthur.
 He opens the show.
 In 2011 it opens on Melissa McCarthy from bridesmaids hosting it with Russell Brands Arthur.
 No.
 Yeah.
 And talking to the audience as being like, oh yeah.
 We're all here.
  How you all know who I am.
 We're here to have some fun.
 Yeah.
 The Sucker Punch girls.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 They maybe do a sexy dance.
 They are the sexy dance girls here.
 The Prince of Persia.
 Yeah.
 Prince of Persia.
  I think Prince of Persia is like the incentive for like what like the time travel element of that year is where he's like I have my dagger which can make us go back in time.
 So it is just like this thing no one remembers.
 So if something has a time travel component it could get bumped up into primary pop culture feature.
 Yeah.
  Even though they have the phone booth.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We have this thing.
 I assume one of the years must have had a Balthazar Nicholas Cage's Sorcerer from the Sorcerer's Apprentice.
 Oh yeah.
 That type of thing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We I mean the mystery men were in it prominently one year and they kind of take over the show midway through.
 We think it might have been like a backdoor pilot type of thing.
 It's 1999.
 These kids don't know Bill and Ted so good.
 What if the mystery men start hosting a Halloween adventure.
 Yeah.
 Universal.
 Oh and if it's a Halloween adventure.
 Yeah.
  If it's still to this day was the mystery.
 I mean I loved mystery men when it came out in movies I was like on board for that.
 I was excited for it and I thought the movie delivered.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We all know what song came from mystery.
 Yeah.
 All star.
 All star.
 I think people get their wires crossed and think that that came from Shrek.
 Right.
 But Shrek is I'm a believer.
 The cover of the monkey song.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 True.
 For me all star I really identify with rat race.
  I don't know.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 A lot of the big.
 Yeah.
 A sleet stack from Land of the Lost is probably featured in one of the pet.
 John Dillinger from Public Enemies Johnny Depp's character the gangster John Dillinger who also is real.
 Yes he's real.
 This is the character.
  Huh.
 I mean the love guru is in one and he enters to the Austin Powers theme song and does Dr.
 Evil zip it thing.
 He said he says they're like people don't know the love guru catchphrases.
 Let's just have our Dr.
 Evil impersonate.
 I mean Dr.
 Evil is the villain of the Bill and Ted show more than any more than bin Laden more than more than the Terminator more than Mr.
 Burns.
 Yeah.
 Dr.
 Evil shows up in the final one in the 2017 one and the audience is perplexed why Dr.
 Evil.
  Is there.
 I personally think Dr.
 Evil should have been the villain every year.
 He had a guy who did a really good Dr.
 Evil.
 Yeah.
 Orlando and the crap the crowd loved watching it.
 Yeah.
 That also if we're going to backdoor pilot if they were going to do a spoof show maybe from here on out it's Dr.
 Evil's layer of Halloween madness.
  I also think post 2012 there should have been a Gangnam Style sequence every year every single year.
 Yeah totally agreed.
 And I'm surprised when there was not.
 Yeah.
 If I also by the way if Dr.
 Evil hosted it every year then when those bags are passed out to put your cell phones in he could encourage everyone to zip.
  Oh that's great.
 That's really good.
 Pretty good.
 I hope the Universal Park people are listening to this.
 If the bad company is we can make them realize how much easier all the safety rules will be just by putting Dr.
 Evil at the very least is bad company having Dr.
 Evil be their spokesperson.
  Oh the 2010 show in Hollywood Ari Gold from Entourage is the villain.
 Whoa.
 Really.
 Yeah.
 He bought the Bill and Ted show and he's changing it up and he's like Bill and Ted are not relevant in 2010.
 So your places Bill with Justin Bieber who keeps getting mistaken for a woman and loves sugary cereal for some reason.
 He's a child.
 And then he replaced the joke.
 He's a little boy.
 Yeah.
 And then he replaced Ted with Snooki in this situation.
 Two people.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  This one Snooki I feel like and we'll do a full episode on the Disney California Adventure Aladdin show that I was obsessed with.
 Yeah.
 We have a clean version of a lot of this stuff.
 But Snooki was in that show.
 I mean not not a character but would be referenced almost every show I saw of the years.
 He would just the genie would say something and he would turn to the audience just be like Snooki.
  It wasn't even a joke.
 He would just like say a line from Aladdin and look at you and go Snooki and it killed.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Snooki played by a gentleman.
 No.
 He was a woman but he was drunk or horny or something.
 Yeah.
 Don't worry they spoofed her.
 They got her.
 They got her how drunk she was.
 Yeah we should say women don't fare well in these shows.
 No.
 No it's wreck it Ralph punching someone.
  Like it's there's a lot of that I feel like or dummies being tossed from the rafters of like yeah it's Britney Spears.
 Oh no get her out of there.
 And then they just toss it dummy down or something.
 Yeah.
 In general the I think like looking back probably a lot of pop culture has regrets about that.
  The way Britney was treated in the so-called crazy Britney which is what they call her exclusively in the 2007 show.
 She's there's a silhouette that you think is going to be Dr.
 Evil.
 But then when she steps into the light it is Britney Spears with a shaved head.
  It's dark.
 I do feel like today people would ease off a little let a person who's under an immense amount of pressure you know go through a bad time.
 Why is this so insane that she would like be upset and shave her head like oh madness that she would shave her head.
  And in general that one's pretty crazy as I mentioned the Lindsay Lohan I like blow section is really odd and Paris Hilton had just been to jail and she gets it pretty hard.
 But then in the in the 2013 one the one pre cancellation there is this bizarre thing where wreck it Ralph.
  First of all again wreck it Ralph.
 Let's not glaze over that but the wreck it Ralph punches Nicki Minaj and Amanda Bynes another person suffering having a breakdown.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Female mental illness is really taken to task.
  This year since wreck it Ralph is coming back wreck it Ralph would punch out all the characters in the Handmaid's Tale.
  Audience loves it.
  There's like a real like I think there's this real like hatred for anything that's for teenagers or like any pops.
 There's a real like Justin Bieber is for babies like we hate Rebecca Black and Kylo Ren sucks.
 It's like this weird like like aggro like what like a college person a college males opinions would be or whatever.
  It's like a 40 year old white man like it is just like from the perspective of like the people that are writing Kylo Ren is a hipster who drinks cold brew.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Got him.
 Got him.
 I wrote this down.
 This is the they went after Rebecca Black pretty hard in 2011.
  Rebecca Rebecca Black she gets pushed out in like a tiny car and then she gets killed by Mr.
 Chow from the Hangover and then everybody dances to sexy and I know it with Osama Bin Laden and then Thor gives him a D a lap dance.
  It's kind of just like the perfect synthesis of what what this show is and just the insane heights of just like jamming things together.
  So Osama Bin Laden reminds me like I made sure to watch the 2001 one because I figured like oh god people would have been watching this like right in the aftermath.
  Yeah.
 September 11th and I was thinking like what what would they have slipped in like did they change that was a very heavy handed patriotism.
  And the two things that stuck out to me were one Jay and Silent Bob are in it a lot.
 Yeah.
 Because that was the year Jay and Silent Bob straight back swept to the multiplex in the summer of 2001.
  Those seem like the perfect characters to still be hosting.
 Yeah.
 Actually that's a better idea strangely.
  And in this one also I hope I'm not jumping on you here Jason but they are they appear at the beginning of the show and throughout it seems like but then also separately Blunt Man and Chronic.
  Oh and Chronic as well.
 OK I'm glad there's both of them.
  No I assume it would be weird to have just Blunt Man as far as I know unless the description is wrong.
  Only Blunt Man.
 That's outrageous.
  Blunt Man is the more famous of the two characters.
  Is Blunt Man more famous than Chronic you feel?  I do.
 Blunt Man is like Batman.
  Oh yeah.
 Chronic is a sidekick.
 Chronic isn't really like Robin.
 Which one which character is Blunt Man?  Kevin is Blunt Man.
  So there's two Kevin Smith characters in this show but not two Jason Muses.
  Yes that's.
  Great chart that and also Cornelius from Planet of the Apes and then the synopsis just calls it one of the good apes from Planet of the Apes.
  But also Charlton Heston from Planet of the Apes.
  He's got a little sash that says NRA on it like baby new year.
 He looks like baby new year.
  But his sash says NRA and he's he's just doing Planet of the Apes lines.
  And and he also then Marky Mark Wahlberg is represented like they make fun of him for being Marky Mark.
  And Heston gives him shit for playing his his old character badly.
  And in fact Heston goes so far as to tell Marky Mark to eat his shorts.
  Wow.
  The page.
  In 2001.
  Yeah in 2001.
  It was post 9-11 you gotta remember everybody was punchy telling each other to eat their shorts.
  What else about patriots.
  Oh so of course if you're going to have Silent Bob there he's got to talk at some point.
  And his thing that he talks at one point is how he's proud to be a patriot and an American.
  Oh my god.
  It's a whole monologue about being an American.
  And then the other thing that happens that really stuck out because it is very long is at the end.
  There is a long sequence where they play the Hendrix Star Spangled Banner.
  Which I know which I mean it's pretty recognizable but also the person holding the video camera who  2001 the video online is great because this is one of our favorite things like in the Bare Metal  family in the Hard Rock Park where the guy is clearly entranced by the sexy ladies.
  This features a guy videotaping it but also commenting to his friend like oh boy I didn't  know this was going to be like that.
  Like he sounds like a sketch comedy like person wrote a comedy sketch and the only detail for a  character is like working class Joe.
  And he talks like he's kind of from Brooklyn or somewhere and he's just going like every now and  he goes like oh no I'm a married man.
  Like he's just saying it like that.
  But he goes oh Hendrix Star Spangled Banner.
  He says something like that and I think this I think this is one of the ones where people  in kiss makeup shows up and he also makes sure to acknowledge like that's kiss.
  Like he's so jazzed he's so excited.
  Kiss is here take that al-qaeda.
  And then at the very end he goes like I knew this was going to be good like I told you we should  I'm glad we came glad we did this.
  I think I can safely say he speaks for the whole audience.
  Yeah he speaks for the whole country.
  He speaks for them that's why this ran so long.
  Yeah.
  They all think that.
  They all are like wow kiss is here.
  Wow I'm married I shouldn't have sex with those women.
  They're thinking these thoughts and they're like wow that was great.
  Can I talk a little about 2002 because this is where 2002 is where my brain shattered.
  Is Osama bin Laden in this?  No still not.
  Osama bin Laden has got to be the bad guy in one of these.
  He's the bad his Osama and Saddam are the bad guys in 2003.
  We'll get into that after.
  Okay.
  We'll go in order.
  Let's just keep going.
  What I rely on you guys for because I was like I assume they will do it.
  I can't do this anymore and I will tell you where I stop.
  And you can see like my paragraphs were very long and then I just stops up for three lines  because here's just highlights the Osborn's come out they're interrupted by Dr.
 Evil.
  Par for the course Dr.
 Evil's back and then you know Serlina shows up.
  Of course the villainess of Men in Black 2.
  Lara Flynn Boyle's Serlina you should know that Jason that's from your favorite song  Black Suits Come and Not Yet.
  Serlina does not make a huge appearance in the Black Suits Come and Music video.
  It's the only reason I know the name is because like so this is chick Serlina right.
  She be tripping like oh yeah that's the only reason I know the name Serlina.
  Okay fair.
  But so Serlina and then the Men in Black are also there and they receive a transmission  from the ultimate supreme being who turns out to be triumph the insult comic dog.
  And then I melt then I went I left and I got in bed.
  I could not handle any more stolen characters from legitimate comedy enterprises.
  What do you mean triumph the insult and I assume from the I don't know if anyone else  2002 in front of you I just was staring at a paragraph that was much more of the same  and like you know what I will wait I'll do it on the day.
  They can tell me that you know like Jimmy Fallon's Nick Burns the computer guy comes  out and fixes the lighting the lighting grid.
  No more no more of this.
  One thing that's interesting to me is that just because of like what was popular at pop  culture in the time sometimes characters will show up who down the line end up in the universal  parks like Mr.
 Burns shows up in 2000 but the Simpsons ride doesn't come along till 2008.
  A transformer shows up at some point well before the ride Harry Pothead the Harry Potter take off  shows up long before I was surprised what year he showed up in because I feel like it was  the movies.
  Do you think they're testing the waters for the characters to see how big the pop is and  that if the character gets a great response at the Horror Night show that maybe they'll put the  ride in possible maybe the Dukes of Hazard ride was a possibility if they had gotten a bigger pop  when they did the show.
  I mean the rock killed and now he's in the tour.
  But if Nacho Libre had done better when he came out a real thing that happened maybe there would  have been a Nacho Libre ride.
  That's true yes or if Anna Nicole Smith had gotten a bigger reaction there would be an Anna  Nicole Smith ride.
  I could go meet that designer of hers or whatever it's a guy who had the weird name.
  I just know the lawyer Howard K Stern that he would have been in Robot on the Ride with the  baby.
  The judge.
  Oh oh Judge Larry.
  Yeah yeah.
  Judge Larry Sideland from the Anna Nicole.
  Why am I just insane things on this episode.
  That's just like villain Ted the villain Ted spirit has got you caught up in it.
  Listing things like the show.
  We are doing it.
  This episode is a big list and it's I can only assume very trying on the audience or people  have screamed as we've said each reference and I encourage you to at home just next time a  character has said just try giving a big yell.
  I think you'll have fun.
  You made a reference like Paula Dean getting punched by Django and Dr.
 Schultz.
  For a scream go ahead and scream at home.
  Wait by who.
  Dr.
 Schultz.
  Dr.
 Schultz is the Kristoff Waltz's character who helps Django.
  They use those characters in the villain Ted show.
  Yes and then they punch Paula Dean because she was racist.
  I say Garfield repeatedly gets mad about being mistaken for Puss in Boots so he pisses on the  W.
 Bush punches Dr.
 Evil and says don't mess with Texas.
  This is from the 2004 show.
  Everyone was like how is villain Ted the election years are very fun and their take in 2004 on Bush  and Kerry is what if Dr.
 Evil ran for president.
  Two years after any Austin Powers movie was made and his vice presidential candidate is Mr.
 Burns  and he assembles his cabinet and this is the best.
  If you're home please look up the 2004 Orlando villain Ted show.
  Dr.
 Evil is the villain and his cabinet is Mr.
 Burns the wicked witch of the west and  Michael Jackson is the secretary of child services.
  He carries Harry Potter off stage to have sex with him at some point.
  Django them out for balcony.
  He has Darth Vader kidnap Bush and Kerry.
  It's like this rogues gallery of all these cartoon even you're watching the wicked witch  the west and Darth Vader run around and be like hee hee hee.
  Why the wicked witch then because there's wicked witches in other years but when was that Franco  one the the the witch in many years later.
  Yeah so why in 2004 is the wicked witch.
  Because it's such a wicked maybe wicked come back.
  Dr.
 Evil so evil he's got to get all the evil.
  He's got to get all those bad guys.
  There's no reason for Vader to be in it.
  He got all the worst Michael Jackson the wicked witch of the west.
  They had to step it up there are other ones like that like in the early years it does  seem like the thing is combining all the villains like I have I made a just a pure list as you did  earlier bread of one point on the stage at the same time I believe Kirk Picard not evil but then  we get evil the Borg Queen Ripley not evil men in black not evil the Terminator Darth Vader  Poison Ivy and Mr.
 Freeze all at the same time and then we're going to be all over the map.
  Let me take you to 1997 really fast a couple good things here.
  The the back to the future theme starts and the DeLorean appears but then it's not Doc and Marty  that get out it's the cast of Seinfeld.
  I'm sorry Seinfeld says now this is a show about nothing then Bill's cell phone rings  and it's the villain from scream who appears in it's in his hood and mask then he throws  off the disguise to reveal he is actually Austin Powers then the men in black interrupt and  perform their song then Elaine from Seinfeld butts in and starts singing wanna be by the  Spice Girls Elaine does this along with the Borg Queen and Batgirl then the Bill and Ted's  band Wild Stallions who we should say factory in a fair amount they that's the that's the  right name right with all wise Wild Stallions yes because they constantly say it during the  and there's a giant Wild Stallions logo on stage sometimes and it took me about three  viewings like three years watching to go like what the fuck is Wild Stallion and I'm like  oh that's their band that's right these characters have a band like that's I did not remember you  get a lot of credit for knowing the basic facts about Bill and Ted at all I don't even think I've  ever seen those movies all the way through the second one used to be on Comedy Central all the  time so they'd catch it like 15 minutes at a time but otherwise yeah they they're pretty lost  I should also say then at the end Kramer blows up the set a thing Kramer would do  be like Gonzo the Muppet and like have a bunch of explosives and in season nine he might have done  something like that he was getting a little wackier toward the end yeah that's true yeah  where that gag where he sees where he's a chicken or whatever in in that 97 one it before Kramer  blows up the set it does end with Bill and Ted and Captain Kirk performing Smells Like Teen  Spirits again years after there's Captain Kirk why Captain Kirk sings he was in Star Trek  Generations in 1996 so that's why it's Kirk and the Hard together yes yeah yeah but the  gate is first contact so I guess that's yes you should do a listing year drinking game  yeah everyone should take a shot when something is listed every time we say something that  happened I mean this is what being at the Bill and Ted show is like right we're listing 26  years of things that happen in their show but they just list the things that happened this  year yeah did we also just do a dance break for 15 minutes at the end of the episode oh we all do  backpack kid dance oh yeah the one thing that keeps coming back is uh Ethan Hunt uh repels it  but okay here's my thing the even hunt drops from the ceiling in 99 but the second movie hadn't  come out yet and the first movie is a few years old then in the year that Mission Impossible 2  came out he drops from the ceiling again the same gimmick like in Mission Impossible 1 but they are  playing the Limp Bizkit song from Mission Impossible 2 that we like so much oh yeah our anthem for  skydiving so yeah and I feel like people going like Ethan Hunt like that gets a big pop but I  would I kind of want to Ethan Hunt Mission Impossible 2 Ethan Hunt to ride in on a motorcycle  I'm looking at 96 and Ethan Hunt of course comes out and performs old time rock and roll  yeah which is of course the underwear dance from Risky Business which is two Tom Cruise characters  so you could say that's kind of clever this show loves Risky Business Tom Cruise yeah we've seen  multiple we've seen ones from like 2006 where he rolls out yeah it's like they they really do they  love to confuse whoever the actor is with their right role like there's a lot of uh I've seen a  lot of the guy who plays Bill saying to the guy who plays Ted my movie career is not going as good  as yours Keanu oh yeah that's more sad than anything else Alex Winter though we've talked  to to tie it all to tie it back to you know tween culture we're talking about Alex Winter a prolific  director within that more didn't he he directed Smosh the movie yep he did yeah wow how about  that so he's up to a lot fine Smosh that I don't think has appeared I would like if they had started  to get to that zone we're like Fred like you too characters you're annoying hasn't appeared  Fred would be good yeah and Fred would be a good candidate for like an older more established  celebrity who dads like to if he punched uh Fred out if like oh yeah you know Judge Dredd uh punched  Fred in the face yeah you mean to tell me Bill and Ted did not address when the one of the two Smosh  that would be yeah for for the 2018 version the villain would be Anthony Padilla  for daring to break up the duo yeah he's trying to split up Bill and Ted well and you know that  when Bill and Ted got them yeah yeah he's like an end to all duos and then he'd get them back  together and he and the other Smosh guy would kiss and oh yeah to be like ew gross let's dance  let's ignore them and dance um anyone else say anything you like uh oh wait you know what I'm  sorry one thing that we've missed here and Jason I think you alluded to it in all of the all of the  characters that we have mentioned coming out we've forgotten and something that you guys kept up in  the live show very well is that they are always presented in a way of Bill and Ted saying in  one as well 96 always that delivery Brad and Nick in in one of your uh UCB shows uh my favorite  one of that was when uh the very funny Devin Field came out as uh the they went the founder  it was right croc right yeah we had the we like just combining things uh it was like there were  some Rick and Morty fans who were mad they weren't getting their Szechuan sauce from McDonald's and  the founder comes out and gives it to them they lap it up from his hands and Szechuan sauce does  show up in the 2017 version oh yeah we like predicted things in our show that they did in  like yeah anything else you remember there there was are the first it was the first year that we  did we did a thing of like uh it was like Jurassic World uh like uh taking like their their uh  dinosaur machine got broken so it was like celebrities were coming out and they're like  combined and then they ended up doing that they ended up the real Bill and Ted show did that like  the next year yeah wow yeah smart theirs were called Kardashian Raptors or whatever but we  had it was like the the hybrid celebrities it was just stupid like little jokes of like gamer  Gatlin Jenner oh my god I said Mike I interested so you wanted to highlight I was just gonna say  my favorite thing from 96 is just Sean Connery James Bond coming out and suggesting to Bill and  Ted let's get ready to rock I watched video that year and he does a big like it's like James Bond  comes out and it's a guy doing Sean Connery James Bond in 96 and he's like you were expecting  someone else and the gets no reaction from the crowd I think the crowd's supposed to cheer because  they like him and not Piers Brosnan is what but everyone liked Piers Brosnan yeah I think an old  man wrote it and was like we all miss this guy right and then he also wrote out in like a generic  kind of convertible like a Cadillac like not a British like not it was just whatever was  backstage that they could use and then the song that plays after that is Rock This Town by the  Straight Cats which would lead guitar by Mulder right right Mulder and Scully involved I left  that out I'm sorry yeah one thing I think that we alluded to earlier that I do want to talk about  so the no photography and videotaping okay because there's a lot of levels to this you know there's  been speculation online like we were saying that there was like legal threats or like they weren't  supposed to do some sort of stuff for other companies that threatened the lawsuits but then  the the other thing about the no oh and no photo and video so that like the media did not have a  field day with it so to enforce the no photo or video I'm reading this from Halloween Horror  Nights dot wikia dot com a very detailed website chronicling Halloween Horror Nights history  according to reports from Bill and Ted audience members in 2009 and 2010 team members assigned to  show security guards and officers of the Orlando police department have a top priority of seeking  would-be photographers in the theater and keeping all their eyes sharply focused on each audience  remember and will run right up to them with a flashlight the moment someone whips out a camera  universal excuse me universal has said to be borrowing top ranked officers from the  Orlando police department to work a billion dead and universal employees or security guards will  often turn the violator over to an OPD officer if they are caught and will allow them to deal with  the person some of the guests who have been caught using photography and subsequently turned over  claim to have been roughly treated by the cops on their way out of universal and some of them  other details that they had their camera permanently confiscated were taken to a backstage area where  were interrogated by an officer for answers were physically harmed or were incarcerated at the  Orange County corrections facility for the night most of the people thrown out had also been  reported to have been banned from the universal studios property ranging from a year to even a  lifetime why did you just kick them out for the night with a warrant like this is so intense they  essentially hired off-duty or on-duty police officers to be Pinkerton's for this  villain dead show too rough up they're looking for the elite of the police force the toughest  most well-trained people to drag a person with a cell phone camera out of their arena throw them  against a wall and say did you did you film the part where the wedding singer performs while  Bill Clinton plays sax to win Monica Lewinsky back is that on your camera hey give me your film  you piece of shit i'm a married man but i'm keeping your fucking gopro buddy  did you film the reggae predator smoking a bomb a real thing from the 2008 show  uh why what is the what after everything we've just described let's add to this nightmare  that it is being like that there are there's like military rules uh they like there's that  there's like the incredible surveillance also we didn't work they're all on youtube now yeah  every one of these videos has a warning saying not to tape it it's also interesting that just  what took down the show was just like and like a written article it wasn't like video of  yeah oh that's gay superman it was just like a guy dryly describing this is what the show is and  then just going beat by beat just being kind of like this was just saying what the show is and  like that's what destroyed it like they didn't have to go through all of like this secret police  it was not terribly judgmental and you know like far be it for me if there are more crazy details  to share well we can find a part to do it but maybe we could talk about the 2013 show that  brought the whole enterprise down or at least in in hollywood and you're correct that it's like  i mean i don't know it didn't feel to me like a super judgmental article because it is just like  laying out here's what it was which if i copy pasted some quotes and there's you know the  writer says there's a scene where a shark nato appears and kim jung-hoon comes onto the stage  to explain that the shark nato came into an exit into existence as a result of christin stewart  sucking his dick too hard and they made a shark nato happen rather than a regular tornado where  did the sharks factor in um i don't maybe there's some nearby sharks that kim jung-hoon owned that  swept up into the flurry of uh oral sex uh suction i uh and then like oh and then there's  a moment there's a thing about corrie monteith's ghost they are mocking the recently dead of heroin  glee star gory mott very bleak a little bit yes bleak for them um but really where the the thing  they did not get away with and rightfully so is that there is a and i just bolded these five words  a witch turns superman gay and what you have and there's video of this just the most like  mincing awful queen stereotype of uh of a gay person there is just no defending this or i don't  speak to you if you feel like defending this uh and it's not even i don't know it's not like it's  the most offensive thing you've ever seen but it is but also it's not funny in any capacity and that  could have saved it if it was like on the edge and like that's a bit of a stereotype but you know as  a guy performed it felt like this is not no this is not what this if this is like what this show is  this is the philosophy and it's what they're fighting for like don't um this is we should  let this go it it it was 2013 it was 2013 which does not feel that long ago i guess we've come a  long way since then and then we all fell into a toilet we fell we then went backwards well past  2013 i don't know i mean i have like there there is i have read people writing about like oh  mo erotic subtext in superman the zack snyder superman and stuff that does not seem like  something they considered for this or like they saw that you're saying this is not some sort of  a commentary on the zack snyder movie no i don't think it is uh but yeah this is just so i mean i  guess what year was the the uh i mean the horrible prop eight was passed in 2008 but when did this  legalize gay marriage was that 2009 2010 or something yeah so that was not that long before  2013 but like also this is that this show was done in hollywood in the entertainment industry  it's in the heart of the entertainment industry in a city with a very large gay population like  that this is happening and that no one went like hey maybe we should not do this he's just bonkers  single joke beyond that he's he's gay i don't think it's not the craziest thing in the world  for a character to like have like effeminate qualities but there are jokes beyond that but  this truly is like hey and that's it there's a single thing going on here which it happens  in the 2007 one i watched too where you know the pirates of the caribbean come out but then they  turn to each other and your jitterbug and wake me up before you go go starts and they just like  dance and flap their wrists around and like what are we doing what that's it that's what you got  is like yeah just like we're gonna show what we think gay people are like it's really weird it's  really it's like the same i'm a gay guy it's like the same way they would play like gay people in  like the 70s or 80s or something but like there's still bill and ted like gay people started being  treated like humans in like 2009 or 2010 or something and then this is still happening on  the bill and ted stage in 2013 it's the gay people from it's the gay characters from like  mel brooks movies which is very regrettable it makes it a little harder to watch those movies  pre-soap yeah yeah yeah i have a i have an interview with one of the writers just a short  quote about the 2003 show oh boy yes please said i am also proud of some of the risks we took this  year with some of our characters if you've seen the show you know who i am talking about i don't  the booze these two characters receive and how these boos turn to laughter when the audience  realizes how much fun we are making fun of these guys so much fun what a risk doing his part  yeah i think too like i'm really like sticking it to these guys yeah he was like helping america  but how they portray saddam and osama in the show is do you guys want to get let's  um they're all they're gay they're gay they're all they're just gay they're gay for each other  they're wearing a victoria secret underwear yeah oh okay all gay men do exactly yes yes  how do you make them even more evil i know make them gay yeah like i know everybody i know we're  all like scared of these guys and what they might do to our country next but keep in mind they're  gay i that said i think if if there was a 2018 bill and ted trump would be kissing every man  like that low hanging fruit of like trump kisses putin that happened on saturday night live  last year i think that's true that's what it happened i was not arguing that it didn't  suck no i know i know you weren't but yeah i finally got into how trump how much trump wants  to kiss spicer we all know it yeah what huh what are we like okay so this this article comes i mean  i sort of i guess i got into it earlier but then yeah the show is the show is canceled for the year  and their people are mad about it partially on the with the justification of well they had to let all  of these actors go and that's a regrettable thing that's not a good thing as with the  this the rosanne which played out in a very similar but with much higher stakes way this year  really bill and ted was really a like predecessor of we don't live in the bill and ted show  someone think about uh john goodman's financial stability no yes please everything  going on in the world please um but so like yeah that's that's unfortunate but also i don't know  maybe you like put all the other actors into something else but also but then there was a  follow-up article by the same vice writer uh who put i'll just read her quote which is a very  it's a guy it is a guy oh wait the name is the yeah the name's janey i was in the way yeah okay  okay so uh the the writer says um uh well first of all he says as people call him people wrote him  said like you know all these actors are out of work because of you you're you're a huge sack of  shit also are we sure about that they couldn't just make them scare actor they couldn't just  yeah they have other roles in yeah also it's a month long job more monsters like yeah also maybe  pay them out for the whole yeah it's on the actors fault because it's your fault for putting for  approving a lisp and gay character and probably we're not being paid a lot of money well yeah i  can only assume if there's specific skills that these uh theme park performers have some of them  get a higher pay that is true stunt performers or professional dancers or mike myer character  impersonators yeah man they have the strongest union in hollywood this is a quick side note i  texted you a couple years ago because i there was an uh a listing to play austin powers in  universal singapore and i thought you should just do that for six months what a time that would be  shipping jason off to singapore we didn't have a podcast at the time we weren't doing a lot so i  figured we did not have a lot going on go to singapore as opposed to now when we have so much going  talking about sending jason but you wanted to send me to singapore like normal gets shipped to  you like a crate i had a big crate that said to singapore and i took a trip i put a string of  treats on the ground yeah you kept trying to get into the box i don't fall i know you you eat the  treats and you leave the very last one i'm too smart for it now um but so the writer ends up  saying uh i never wanted to cause people to lose their jobs when i wrote that original article  i just wanted to you know maybe get them to be less viciously homophobic  if there were mass firings over this it seems like a very very extreme reaction from universal  studios we also by the way don't know for a fact that they let all the actors go this was like a  thing a commenter just lept to and like stung the guy on and of course people were all so mad in a  way of like oh what so we can't laugh about anything anymore all this pc boohoo sorry you  offended and this is i don't understand why these wires are crossed like i don't think we are  prudes but i think there's like i think there's speaking the envelope  but the like that's no free speech is important and that is why we must have to have superman  glitter lipstick like can't we do like push the envelope without the and again this all proceeds  i had all these thoughts in 2013 and now that this is the arguments you are seeing and having  every day of your damn life uh like i don't know there's a like can't we push the envelope without  being like just like not understanding of cultures and people who have a hard time  uh yeah there's my little oh i guess scott's virtue signaling even the even the terms that  have gotten in the popular culture is like from the worst people in the from the like  yeah far right reactionary you can you can trace anyone in the audience of a bill and ted show to  being a proud boy now for any everyone who attended it's a real microcosm of all america's problems  dr evil pretends to be trump in 2004 oh wow really yeah does he take off the wig he puts  he puts on the wig when he's running for president by the way guys i think the bill and ted show  called it oh yeah does it like give any clues of what does trump then blow up the set like kramer  i think he hires mr burns as his vice president so maybe that's where we're headed  this is gonna get fired then very sheer will be good but yeah but mr burns is kind of based on  rupert murdoch and obviously trump is in league with rupert murdoch so it kind of did uh presage  that in a way um and trump also factors in in 2007 because there's a part where there are big  thunderous footsteps like jurassic park and bill and ted ask if it's an earthquake but then no it  is rosie o'donnell and she is she is very large they've given her a lot of padding and then her  enemy trump comes out and yells at her and rips his sleeves off and says come here you  bitch and then like oh my god the trump is the hero of that what's that trump is the  hero of that scenario we're supposed to be on trump's side as the audience like today  trump is the hero in the versus rosie he did also presaging in the debate he like says with a smile  yeah i did make fun of rosie and then he's like waiting for applause which he gets uh like we do  live in the bill and ted show um and then also in the wrestling match he at some point calls her  java the rosie as opposed to rosie the hut yeah that's right much cleaner yeah yeah the rosie  you know we talk about in comedy punching up or punching down bill and ted was just punching  like was just walking in a room punching in any direction running head first into a wall just  no face blindfolded yeah it's a freak uh organism like the dinosaur hybrids that is all uh fists  and arms that has no it's just a big ball of punching arms yeah i don't rolling around i  hurt i just need to hurt i must hurt this is our like the id of america like the the dark side  of america is represented the bill and ted show which is then surrounded by haunted houses filled  with like fears murderers the asylums the pumpkin headed creatures scary killer clowns and uh  i am fascinated by the movement to bring the show back oh wow um and i went to the facebook  group which is a closed group save bill and ted and maga yeah that's a subtext i haven't come  across that statement but i believe that most people believe that did you have to change like  your uh your facebook picture to like a blue lives matter facebook photo to get in m m carlson  659243 it's like one of those ones with this string of numbers i did have to prove though  that i was a fan somehow and well not somehow but with a question and it said if you're a fan of  bill and ted uh what number oh very special what number are we thinking of and i wrote 69  of course i hit enter and i was approved within a minute wow so i think he got it i don't know if  i don't know if you can do an auto thing i do think an administrator got uh text on their phone  and it said oh somebody wants to join the group and she was like oh did he say 69 because i say  her because there's two female administrators uh so they approved me and this group has 1091 members  more than we have more than our facebook group yep yep yep and people are i'm just gonna put  first of all it links also to a petition there's a petition and this still active  facebook page to save bill and ted um so let's see here i wrote a couple of the these are from  the petition actually first um someone said bill and ted has become a holiday tradition in a strange  way it's like seeing the rockettes in new york city it's the only thing my fam whole family can  agree on when we do our annual trip to halloween horror nights uh that's okay that's this is another  person i've been going to halloween horror nights for 14 years in a row and the best part is always  bill and ted's excellent halloween adventure even though through the months leading up to  halloween horror nights i wonder if a particular event will end up in that year's show so they're  they're very excited about they're nervous uh yes it includes foul language scantily clad women and  men pyrotechnics etc but the main theme remains to be the same be excellent to each other  oh definitely they say that definitely the straight writers the bill and ted show are  being excellent to gay people yeah and then there's somebody who goes on and on about all like  my husband organizes a halloween horror night trip every year for his office and i want to let you  know that that's a loss of three thousand dollars if we don't go to horror nights this year  however will they make that back yeah board it up yeah  i everyone should go on the facebook they just say 69 and you'll get in um and i don't want to  start any shit with his facebook page though i'm like uh i don't want anybody bad side yeah  i think it'd be funny if we started the feud with the save bill and ted facebook group  that's all you my man all right fine we had a weird interaction with some oh yes  the yeah we were doing the show making fun of the bill and ted show at ucb for  a few years and uh one year i think i just wrote the description of the show in like a  just like i didn't spend any time i was just like the universal studio show was bad and we're doing  it now uh i guess a bunch of them saw a bunch of actors and dancers and a pyrotechnic guy  from the hollywood show saw it and were commenting and just being like this uh you guys are being  rude and mean we all worked hard on the show until like the facebook event for the show yeah well  i don't think if they're gonna be mad just about that two minute section they're gonna be very  displeased with the entire episode that we've just done yeah yeah we're in trouble i was gonna say  that's not no matter what um i was fine with them ripping the show apart until those two minutes  where they went on our page i just hope that that the in general that the take that's out there as  the writer from vice says she was not trying to end this certainly if people want it to come back  talk to universal studios who also years later ended it in orlando by the way it has had its  final year uh in orlando but like i just hope that no one is like viewing this issue as like  oh yeah well people got butt hurt now we can't have our fun show anymore because that's not what  happened no one said there was not some protest take the show down if had they eliminated the  offensive gay material we could have this could have kept going like i would also they're doing  a bill and ted show in general yeah i wanted to continue forever yeah actually yes and you guys  were trying to make it keep going yeah i would also argue they could have ignored the article  and kept doing the gay stuff and no one would have had said no one would have cared yeah no one  everyone the audience was would have been delighted and people might have gone to see it because of  the article that probably would have helped the numbers i want to go see superman yeah that's what  uh uh well i don't definitively know why but it's just an observation uh in orlando  this would take place in a giant outdoor stage covered stage that for many years was a wild west  stunt show which was fun like that show was fun to be cowboys shooting at each other and the  flat the set would fall down at some point eventually became fear factor live and remained  fear factor live well after fear factors popularity wait uh but it would be used for this bill and ted  show it is such a huge plot of real estate and in one of the most valuable theme park locations  in the war like it is crazy how this just takes up like a corner of the park this giant amphitheater  yeah it's right next to diagon alley in a perfect expansion area potentially for harry potter or  there's been a lot of speculation of like oh a ministry of magic battle right like in it's they  have this giant thing there they can have a harry potter a very hot head hot box experience yeah oh  man that would rule at least a halloween overlay of harry pothead oh yeah yeah sure oh that'd be  good i kind of like that honestly yeah but like it seems crazy to me that this not only that this  did for 26 years but that like it takes up so much yeah of this park uh fear factor also what  a strange that'll be when we get when we get around to the fear factor live episode that i saw a  couple times and it was never fun like it was very unnerving yeah um uh so i i do want to talk about  what the last year's one was because this is like the peak this was like accelerationism writ large  so it starts with sean spicer but not just any sean spicer melissa mccarthy on the rolling  podium sean literally from second one is doing a joke from a popular television show from a tv show  yeah but nbc universal property yeah so uh she scolds the audience that this is a joke damn it  leave if you're gonna get butthurt the word i just the word you just used which again it's just a  virus that has infected our language like a phrase used by just the worst people it's a super  condescending term extremely you get yeah uh and the audience cheers at that line it cheers uh and  then she mentions her phrase john friends john snow and darrett dan denaris what is it from game of  yeah um sexy ladies dance um the show recounting the minute  uh what's that the guy's even hotter i don't even understand what i wrote um uh sexy about  the dress the color of the dress yeah there wasn't i don't think there was uh the dress  in it okay so some sexy ladies dance to most of pour some sugar on me i looked it up in 2017  that song was 30 years old uh bill and ted appear to rock music then death shows up  that is a reference to bill and ted finally just yeah but who is it really it is death it is  it is just death the whole time this is the most shocking reveal of the episode  uh one of them says that the fear factor stage is a shithole which i thought was pretty funny um  death is there to drag bill and ted to hell unless he can prove pop culture is worth redeeming  and uh then someone says the twerk fest is officially open and then someone says  hey boss baby and then someone says sean spicer and it's spicer again but he's wearing a diaper  oh why would that uh the twerk fest uh see yeah he says we've got gender neutral outdoor poop  stations you need a unicorn frappe or unicorn fettuccine alfreight like it's just oh they're  mad at all that unicorn stuff yeah they're mad at the unicorn stuff and gender neutral things again  oddly right leaning um the power rangers show up from the remake oh from the family  yes from ryan cranston is uh lord zed no no no zordon zordon yeah yeah they form a human centipede  and john spicer says no ass to mouth and stop liking it so much eight years after human  centipede yeah which like shark nado is essentially a joke thing to begin with yeah yeah they got it  they got to stick it to uh eating booty uh let's see what else oh there's a reoccurring video  segment uh where like they play rock guitar and then they say like trump tweets and then  their trump tweets appear on screen that is nothing like that keeps happening but it's a  right silly one about the show about like oh he like he's being mean but yeah yeah okay um  hacksparrow shows up hacksparrow uh he has a usb drive of the live-action lion king which does not  exist yet and it's just an excuse to play a clip of lions fucking uh barb from stranger things  up and then 11 comes out and does the backpack kid dance and someone says yas queen so extra  zach effron's character from baywatch shows up hey watch uh justin beavers shows up and starts  speaking in spanish and despacito plays the official song of universal studios  uh dead mouse is also there deejaying and is never acknowledged um uh  then there's a big music break and that song that plays at the end of one of the fast and the  furious movies uh uh the fun one plays uh lobamba plays the macarena plays and this is how it went  the final moments of this the end of a multi-decade franchise they wrap it up with people dancing the  macarena yeah um they realize they're out of food for some reason and someone says bad news everyone  the only food we have left is 20 year old szechuan sauce from mcdonald's a character is now holding  a big fidget spinner which is not really acknowledged or used uh and then rick shows up and says wubba  lubba dub dub and takes the szechuan sauce uh rocket raccoon shows up uh and says someone says  hey check it out a trash panda ted does the i oh ted says i am ted a bunch like i am group  why don't you say that's a perfect example of the weird math what is it of this yeah why is that  anything um kids illegally vape vaping their dicks off i don't even remember what that is  uh muana shows up and they they don't know her name they guess every other princess's name  and then she sings a song she's saying like to the tune of that the main song from muana  and but the lyrics are like about how these lyrics suck oh and then she says uh silly water  always getting me wet because there's a guy in a suit that looks like water and the audience goes  crazy for the line about getting her wet then getting muana wet yes that's right yes how old  is muana not old enough okay uh then wonder man shows up which is a man in a wonder woman costume  it's not wonder man from the marvel comics it is not wonder i was hoping it was going to be  yeah it's a wonder woman and then wonder woman does show up and kick his ass yeah  take that wonder man take your girl clothes off wonder man how much more is there it's it's key  it's still going uh someone says it's like a sausage factory up in here and then and then says we  really into commercials in the billing tech show there's one with a buff like shirtless  guy from the old spice commercial and the crowd loves it um then below the beautiful ladies of  wrestling show up and someone says woman up you look like a couple of mcgregors which causes the  audience to lose their minds so they so we still are in the area of like these women look like  and these men look like women and that's bad still at the end of this nothing has been learned  yeah yeah uh then sexy lady i'll just speed up because it's it just starts to be callbacks at  a certain point uh sexy lady versions of bill and ted show up african-american versions of bill and  ted show up death shows up holding the it balloon not really acknowledge the avatar person from a  few years prior shows up and complains about how they have sex with their tails again uh and then  is that a na vi or is that yes a na vi yeah that is a joke and a few of them that the  na vi have sex yeah they're they're right digging at the the avatar worlds at disney world yeah  this they end the last four uh you know orlando ones with uh someone from avatar running in and  doing like the broadest performance i've ever seen they're dressed in an avatar costume and  then they have a mickey mouse like cap oh and they're like we they're screaming at the top of  their lungs we have sex with our tails we have sex with our tails and then they then they always  say what's the it's like uh avatar land coming in 2095 see now i can get behind that's a solid  joke because it's open that it did take a long time for that it's like the one perspective the  bill and ted show has is that yeah that's the one time it took a long time in politics yeah here is  an upsetting perspective they have uh i believe it's death says united airlines bring him to me  couple heavies come out and like grab a car rough him up united airline like yikes so uh but then it  very quickly jumps to someone complaining about how apple released the iphone 8 and the iphone 10  at the same time and where's the freaking iphone 9 kendall jenner shows up with a pepsi dr evil  shows up cash me outside is referenced but not the girl is not there uh they have to go back to 1991  to just go back to live their lives and that's that's kind of how it ends then they do a curtain  called to jump uh more sexy dancing an edge shearing impersonator death does a little dance  with david s pumpkins who is not named uh lady gaga there's so much more no no that's it hurry  up a lady gaga you can't take this anymore a lady gaga impersonator shows up and just does a number  um yeah and then there's a video there's a farewell montage of video stuff from previous  shows we are the champions pretty much just taking a victory lap so anyway i am physically tired  after that uh me too david has the uh the last uh i final straw words anymore i it should have ended  with just david s pumpkins in a spotlight going any questions and that's it like that would have  been he should have been the villain he's like the doctor evil of 2017 yeah so all right okay  this is oh this is awful this is very bad you guys got to you you got to imagine i mean it was still  going in florida but you were imagining for a little while what it would be like had it still  going in hollywood i remember i don't like i don't remember a lot from these shows even  that you were nice enough to have me in them and i had fun being in them i don't like i don't  remember anything from them because there was like a new thing every 10 seconds so i like that  accurately like the real universal one it was your show was such a barrage i do remember enjoying  betsy sudaro as uh the chubaca mom which was real and yeah mike hanford as trump's weird doctor  singing a duet and finding understanding because they both were in weird photos and got made fun  of so they fall in love um is there anything else you'd like to name check from your own  performances um in 2016 we had donald trump ask dirty grandpa to provide his dirt certificate  we had uh uh there's one uh let me see uh chris christy uh showed up and or oh no it was a  bill ordered uh postmates and larry willmore was his postmates driver because his show guy can't  that's like a lazy jothel doing these shows i'm like i do uber now so larry larry willmore drops  off his food and his food turns out to be the sausage from sausage party and then chris christy  comes in and eats it uh i think i really liked in 2016 again this was right before the election so  at the time it seemed like a very funny uh joke uh to to do ironically you had audience member  there was a box on stage where audience members could write down suggestions of things they wanted  to see in the show and then when it came time for that moment they just kept looking through and  said all the cards just said lock her up which was i mean that was that's crazy there was a  little news people were like not only should this person lose the election they should go to jail  yeah it's still happening yeah trump's gonna get bored but but you know by 2023 it needs like run  out of awful things to do it'll like maybe we'll get around to putting hillary in jail yeah but so  that yeah that's all great and i i think what i'm leading to is that i think we all we're a little  writers room here i think we owe the audience a take on what if god bless god bless god willing  that we're still going in orlando how would the bill and ted show be skewering 2018 thanos is the  villain probably yeah don't you think i was gonna pitch harry kondabalu is the villain  in the bill of dead show is like mad maybe he teams up with hannah gadsby and they're like  you guys should fuck up pc police yeah yeah taking or taking a boo away yeah i was gonna say that  pete davidson is the villain and they uh he has stolen bill and ted's big dick energy  and they you know what i had an idea but i think it could combine with yours which is there's a  revit like there's a there's a shadow he comes out in a smoke machine and there's no like you can't  see his face and bill and ted are like oh no slender man but then he comes into the light and  it's pete davidson that's great and i and i had another further thought because of course bill  and ted hallmark you have to incorporate characters from films that are intended to be funny so he so  he sees the back of the head of a girl with a ponytail and he's like oh sweet ariana come here  baby and he grabs her and starts to make out with her but it's a puppet from the happy time mergers  that's great um i i wrote i thought i was worried this would be too dark but then when i found out  they did the quarry montese the same year it happened uh zombie john mccain does the backpack  and his arms snap off in the end uh i i had i think i i wanted thanos because i thought there  would be an opportunity for like to have somebody come out and maybe you know this might be a little  too inappropriate but you have rose mcgowan come on start talking about the me too movement  and then thanos just snaps his fingers and she goes away and the audience cheers and all and of  course they can think that she is dr evil that's a good point i didn't think that's another layer  so there's room for multiple villains this is this there's a yes and situation a retread of 2004  where they just where there's like eight villains yeah and you know what let's get let's get the  terminator in as well yeah get him in there uh i just uh rupert murdoch and mickey mouse kissing  because of the fox disney manager oh yeah we know what merger really means yeah yeah they're merging  downstairs uh mister and missus incredible act out uh come out like they're gonna help and then they  just start acting out who's afraid of virginia wolf scenes oh what a reference yeah i know  this isn't the show you would write you got to think of what the i know well we're all so our  brains are all so irony poisons like fair enough they can think they can see a big shadow or big  shape coming and think that it's the supermoon and then they realize that it's mrs incredible's butt  oh yeah that made like two film reviewers horny yeah those great reviews yes um sarah huckabee  sings zendaya is mechi  it's very important a really crucial thing is that things be rough you can't just do the  recent past of 2018 you have to go back to you know august and things that no one remembers  already even though they happened in august which is why i would vote to get i want multiple malissa  mccarthy's i want her from happy time murders and i want life of the party running around and messing  everything up oh yeah they're hosting the show at the top they're they're getting malissa mccarthy's  and sean speiser and sean spicer malissa mccarthy ethan hunt dancing to old time rock and roll  oh for the long time fans yeah um lady gaga uh from a star is born but she's just doing the  like just doing that one weird part from a very good like a good song but the weird part they put  in the trailer yeah and then they like they're like get her out of here yeah that's it i don't  i was gonna say that uh you could also have uh the bradley cooper's character i've not seen the film  yet but the maybe maybe a runner is they are trying to they need to escape from the clutches of  of thanos and hannah gadsby uh so because he they are trying to get signed by bradley cooper so that  their star can be born like they're trying to get wild stallions oh yeah the star is born tree they  want they want to be on jackson mayne's label uh-huh i'm just realizing this how about instead and  there's like a misdirect with the fox disney thing that um disney does it gets outbid to buy fox  and fox is bought by the crazy rich asians oh that's pretty good that's good i like that yeah  i don't know that i trust the creative team of bill and ted to touch the crazy rich  concern that will be problematic immediately no i think they have the right take i'm sure they  have the right touch to make that i've got an idea that is is totally non-problematic which is that  um the three you know they need to bill and ted need to make some escape they're trying to get  into their phone booth perhaps to go get to bradley cooper but they can't because the pathway is  by the four older women of book club who are demanding to suck their dicks they won't get out  of the way and so and they're like oh older gross get them out of here maybe they start to do it and  then uh and then they turn they're like the blockers parents what are you doing here the  blockers parents stop them uh along this line they just have a line uh the pill and ted would  say in unison the players from game night the players from game night the blockers from blockers  and uh the players from tag the taggers from tag um actually the blockers being like them also being  like pc police like trying to stop every sex scene oh yeah they come around at the end they come  around at the end of bill and they all have sex with each other or with the tag guys yeah all the  all of the urrs all uh all get and get into a big dog pile yeah um and uh you gotta get big mouth  in there uh because you always need a character that like is good like the thing that people do  like so um that was an alt idea i had is that also the the uh speaking about being blocked from  maybe the maybe big mouth gets a big embarrassing boner and it's too big for bill and ted to get  into their time like that um they have to wait for it to diffuse but he's he's so horny that  it won't go away um the infinity stones are stolen from thanos's gauntlet by oceans eight  that's good yeah yeah um the oh cookout is it cookout kathy is that her name the woman  who called the police on people grilling in san francisco is just constantly calling the police  throughout the show and crying yeah oh yeah no that's good they yeah and then and then i think  maybe the victory at the end maybe they're too late to get signed by jackson jackson made jackson  maine well or he may have just passed by that as as all star is boards uh i still don't know i don't  know what happens in stars born don't tell me it's you say it's obvious but i don't know star  the first one was from 1937 they all followed the same you just told us to you spoiled it i'm  gonna have to put a tag on this i actually don't know what i've never seen you you haven't seen the  30s stars they made so many of them it's fine i don't know the 30s film uh uh i have one more  it is happily never mind yeah he signs them oh no i was gonna say maybe there's a reasonable hour  i was my idea was that there's like some distorted they get in the they get in the machine but they  end up they were just trying to travel in space they end up traveling at time instead and like  how do we end up here we're back in 1983 we missed it now we can't get signed but a cool dude named  brett cavanaugh rolls around and says bill and ted you guys would be perfect new members in my squad  hey meet squee and tobin and then they party all night long and then brett cavanaugh gets the venom  symbiote  you got dennis miller he's gonna write an article for babe.
net but he's like guys i need four weeks  to do it man that is a deep hole wow i don't even get it dennis miller said he was gonna take four  weeks to say his comments on uh michelle the white house course remember from nine months ago  the world moves very fast and it's constantly 15 things happen a day the world is moving too fast  it's always bad so that's where it's why we need this bill and ted show to summarize the year to  give us perspective yeah because the incredible pace of the new seagull how do we even know what  the year was and now that bill and ted's gone there's no way of knowing the ideas that we just  threw out and that was probably what five seven ten minutes that makes up about a minute and a  half of the show  we need 50 times those ideas yeah yeah you need like 200 writers minimum of these shows just to  generate the pure volume the pill and ted show is very much like those like spam pop-up ads of like  you're not gonna last five minutes playing this game this horny game  um well you know i would like to say as with many things if you're i think we just proved  our ability right as writer as bill and ted i think we proved that we could write in bill and  ted's voice so universal if you want to bring back the show as the facebook group wants we want this  too we just want like a little bit of an adjustment and i think we're the guys to do it so universal  you know where we are uh or if you want to switch it to jay and silent bob yeah we're into that  too the mystery men oh oh yeah now is the time to do the mystery men halloween spooks  or the show takes place in the house with the clock in the walls  clocks i don't know how many clocks are in those walls  um all right i think with that uh nick and brad you've survived podcast the ride thank you for  lending your your expertise and uh for pummeling us it truly is uh um but and you know what here's  a little thing here's a little side for mike and jason we haven't had a guest on in a second and  since the last time we had a guest on i realized we should not merely ask if they have anything to  plug we should allow our guests the opportunity to exit through the gift shop oh that's a little  theme parkification that's been sitting right there that we haven't done so now for the first  time let me say brad nick would you like to exit through the gift shop is there anything  you'd like to plug uh yeah yeah you can check out our show tweenfest at facebook.
com slash tweenfest  also on youtube uh yeah please do i buy yeah i directed and i also have these guys write in  this and it's so much fun like in a good way packed with jokes and references uh there's so  much stuff going on it's like a little movie in eight episodes it's so much fun and uh as i said  john michael higgins and joey king who we got to work with before she's like really enjoying a wave  right now from the kissing booth and other stuff and if you people on the show probably know drew  tarver and people and guests uh mike mitchell and nick mundy and dave ferguson have all been on this  show are all really funny in it and uh yeah yeah check out tweenfest yeah check that out and if  you want to if you want to watch our bill and ted uh show from last year we can message us or whatever  yeah yeah on twitter and we'll send you a link to it that we yeah the the two of us along with  the joke was all in chris stevens uh our buddies that we uh wrote it with we wrote it uh all bad  references what are you guys's uh handles on twitter i'm at bradford evans um at nick sorelli  and you're both very funny on there as well oh thank you hey and you guys do a monthly show at  ucb called atlantic city that is a is a blast i just did in a really good time always fantastic  people on it you guys write great stuff every month and uh so yeah listeners if you're in la  or if you stop by la want to see a good ucb show atlantic city oh thanks yeah the second  thursday of the month at eight at ucb franklin yeah come check it out hey wonderful um gentlemen  let's uh let's exit through our own gift shop sure uh follow us on twitter and instagram at  podcast the ride email us at podcast the ride at gmail.
com uh pledge to our patreon uh which you  know by now we're taking the bill and ted phone booth to the future when this comes out  yeah and yes the pay oh my god this is the first time we've done this uh and if you you pledge  right now you can get access to our disney quest episode which we won't spoil anything for but uh  very funny we've had two exhausting experiences lately yeah i feel i feel wiped by these last  couple we've recorded and so if you want that feeling somehow as a listener but it is a lot of  fun and it's an off request episode uh the disney disney uh quest yeah people have asked for that  so that's that's that's up and about and then like tell us stuff you want to see happen on the  patreon send us mailbag questions and stuff at uh podcast the ride gmail and uh that'll do and  that wraps up we are no next time you see us we will be podcast the ride once more uh haunt cast  the frights we'll uh head back into the grave for another year but we'll we'll we'll see you next  october we'll be back to normal next week bye bye forever dog this has been a forever dog production  executive produced by brett bohme joe cilio and alex ramsey for more original podcasts please  visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on apple podcasts spotify or wherever  you get your podcasts.
 keep up with the latest forever dog news by