 FOREVER!  Warning, unlike most things in the nation of Japan, this episode is anything but efficient.
  Not even all the hosts are by till the end.
 Set aside some time as Mike and Lindsay Katai  travel to Tokyo Disney on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the theme park podcast  that will tell you definitively how many days  you must spend at the Tokyo Disney Resort.
  The answer will be revealed  when we get to that part of the story.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  What a tease, you guys.
  Always joining me, Jason Sheridan.
  Yeah, I set that up so nicely.
  Did you think I was gonna say?  No, I didn't think you were gonna say,  but I don't think it dawned on me.
  Did I getcha?  I don't think it dawned on me the significance  that this is the episode where we finally.
  Yeah, this is where it will be revealed.
  But didn't we got the answer from our almighty Tony already?  That is true.
  That's Scott Gairdner.
  Yes, Tony did, and obviously Tony  is a better authority than me.
  But for the purposes of this podcast  and to pay off a narrative thread  that we have been threading along for months now,  since March, this is like a finale of a season in a way,  like of TV, like where you blow off something,  like Walt versus Gus Fring, like it ends here.
  It's that big of an event in entertainment.
  Well, and it's been a spoiler.
  Ross and Rachel Kiss.
  Oh, that's a guy.
  I know I haven't been introduced yet.
  I just really needed to say that.
  Okay, I'll give you your intro real quick  so you can join in on this.
  Writer-performer, this is our special guest.
  She hosts the podcast Teen Creeps in Public Domain Theater.
  She works on the upcoming cartoon network show  Infinity Train, is also my love, my girlfriend,  Lindsay K.
 Tai.
  I say that, I always refer to her as my love  in common conversation.
  It's a natural phrase.
  Yeah, I'm definitely familiar with that  and was not at all taken aback.
  No, I thought that was fun.
  I thought that was a fun way to say it.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Everyone's here, mom, dad, Uncle Scott,  all of my West Coast guardians, all of my West Coast.
  Never not disturbing.
  I love that definition of me.
  That makes me very happy.
  Uncle Scott.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Shouldn't it be Uncle Scotty?  I feel like it should be Uncle Scotty.
  Uncle Scotty?  If you're gonna go that way.
  Let's know, hey, hey.
  That's up to Scott.
  That's the Scotty part of it.
  No, that's up to the child.
  Now I'm disturbed.
  So yeah, Jason thinks of us as his family, not his friends.
  Sure.
  But like his authority.
  No, your friends.
  But like authority family, not like,  oh, you're all my, you're all my,  like God, he would say you're my family or something.
  We're brothers, we're not, none of you,  we're all above you.
  No, he would say like, you're my family,  you take care of me.
 Like literal.
  I look to you for guidance.
  That's the family you're talking about.
  I got the feigning disease for mom.
  I got the feigning disease for Lindsay.
  Well, this is what's exciting here among many other things  is that, well, like finally, Lindsay,  you're here on the podcast and you are like,  you're the only, you're the person who's been on,  the person, like, the person who's around us the most  doing all of these things who have not been on yet.
  And I'm so glad you're here.
  Thank you.
  The fans have been here.
  The fans have been calling for it.
  Every episode, it's like footprints in the sand.
  When you only saw one pair, I was holding you.
  And footsteps on the way out the door,  because often we are here in your living room,  taking up your space while you were trying to  go about your day and do things.
  So thanks for letting us invade your,  not Mike, Mike is a permanent invader of your space,  an allowed invader, but we're, yeah,  Uncle Scott's a guest, so thanks for giving us the studio.
  As Jason said, your family.
  Hey, oh geez.
  You make a lot of appearances,  if like eagle-eared listeners,  like they can hear in the background often like,  and then like a lock on, like opens up.
  That's me taking the dog out.
  And that's you taking the dog out,  or you coming back, or like, who knows?  Or me moving with laundry.
  The most you've been felt on the show,  just in addition to stories, is the City Walk episode  where we recorded drunk after Hall of the Moon,  and you texted me, you were being too loud.
  And then all of a sudden we all were like,  very hushed about the whole thing.
  We got quiet for about four minutes.
  Yeah, then we forgot.
  Then we got right back up.
  It wasn't even, I guess it was because  I was trying to sleep, yeah.
  Yeah, of course.
  It was one in the morning.
  It was late.
  And I think if we wanna like really attack somebody,  I think I said Jason's being too loud.
  No, I don't believe that.
  I was trying to protect our son.
  Yeah, I was trying to say we were all too loud,  but now he knows.
  I'm a mean mother.
  I'm one of those strict, like holding a martinis.
  Yeah.
  Like, oh, are we doing that today?  That general tone.
  That's the only way to learn.
  Sure.
  So yeah, so this is the, this is very,  well, let's like, real quick, we'll talk.
  There's gonna be other episodes where we get into more,  maybe history of our theme park journeys together.
  Let's get real quick though,  just a little brief version of the anecdote about Duffy,  because Duffy relates very strongly to Tokyo Disney.
  See, I promise everyone there will be a full Duffy episode.
  I have material I've been preparing  for a Duffy something for years,  and this is no joke.
  Years and years.
  On my desktop is a file that says Duffy,  and I've been going through message boards for years.
  And you've had to move that to multiple computers.
  Yes.
  It's been moved.
  There have been multiple evenings  where you have read aloud posts  from the Duffy message boards in bed late at night.
  Yes, that's 100% true.
  And by the way, if you don't know, Duffy is a teddy bear.
  Fair enough.
  This is a teddy bear character who mainly,  he came from Tokyo originally.
  He didn't come from there originally.
  He was originally in the States, I believe,  and he was not popular, and then they moved him to Tokyo,  and he was the second only to Mickey in popularity.
  And there's a whole Tokyo, Cape Cod section  of Tokyo Disney Sea where Duffy and his friends now,  there's a whole Duffy universe.
  They love Duffy.
  You see Duffy on everyone's purse.
  There'll be a big fluffy Duffy head  or Duffy's friend, Shelly May.
  Yeah, everyone has those old Duffy head purses  that they wear not on the side or even across their chest,  but hanging around their necks like a necklace.
  Right, so yeah.
  So when we first started going,  Lindsay and I started going to Disneyland together,  we would make jokes.
  Everyone has made,  I'm not saying this makes us unique,  but everyone would make a joke about Duffy.
  I'm like, oh, who's like, who is Duffy?  What is this, like the Disney bear?  Right, so we make Duffy jokes and blah, blah, blah.
  So.
 And it was a nice time.
  And then Mike, of course, had to take it.
  I took it.
 It was a nice time.
  I took it too far.
  I still don't think it was too.
  I wouldn't say too far.
  I wouldn't say too far.
 I'll give context.
  You tell it, I'm not sure exactly how you're gonna put it.
  Well, I think it was your 30th birthday.
  Yeah, that was the problem.
  But the thing here is the thing.
  I had gotten you other gifts and we went out to dinner.
  Yeah, now I remember.
  We were going out to dinner.
  So it wasn't like this was the only thing,  but I remember I was down there on a weekday.
  My mom was visiting and my sister and I were all down there  and I was like, it'd be funny.
  Lindsay and I were always joking about Duffy.
  I'll go, I'll get her a Duffy.
  So I bought you a Duffy and I bought two outfits.
  I bought his sombrero and poncho outfit  and then a full like pit crew cars outfit for him  that had looked like Lightning McQueen's colors.
  Like he was on Lightning McQueen's pit crew.
  I was like, this is so funny.
  And like, my mom was even like, oh, it's a cute bear.
  Like my mom wasn't like, what are you doing?  Why would you do that?  So I felt like I was feeling like I was getting, you know,  support from my family for doing it, which,  so I got it for you and you were like,  you were like, it was just not that you said it like that,  but it was definitely like.
  I imagine it came out like, oh.
  Yeah, and I'm good.
  I think I'm not even bragging when I'm usually  pretty good at gifts.
  I usually do a decent job.
  Yeah, our very first year dating,  I was blown away by the Christmas present you got me,  which was also Disney related.
  But I've gotten other, there's other gifts  that have been very, I can't think of one off the top of my head  but they're all pretty thoughtful.
  I think you're far better at gifts than I am.
  Yeah, so it's not like I'm a total heel,  but for the 30th birthday,  you were not thrilled to get Duffy in a pit crew outfit.
  It wasn't even, it was sort of like,  that was like the big gift of the gifts.
  I mean, I was so excited about the Duffy.
  And I felt terrible for giving a lukewarm reaction.
  No, it was not a big deal.
  I wanted to be more excited about it.
  I think if it were now, where I'm like.
  Now that you've gotten more used to my garbage.
  Yeah, where I've been like just broken down.
  Yeah.
  Taught to expect less for myself.
  Like just learned that I'm deserving of like less love  than I originally thought.
  Now I'd get that and be like, oh my God.
  Thank you so much.
  This is the best gift I've ever gotten.
  That's good.
  But at the time, at the time I still was like,  right, like pearl earrings, right?  30th birthday is a big deal.
  And also I think I was just like  to get maybe a little too personal.
  I get very personal on my podcast.
  And I talk about you and I talk about us.
  So I don't know.
  Probably far less than happens here.
  Yeah, that's a plug for Teen Creeds.
  Just go back and listen for Mike mentions.
  Yeah, we certainly tell stories,  but I think you get into it a little deeper.
  Yeah.
  But it was like a couple years into our relationship  and it's possible.
  I don't exactly remember the timeline.
  Go ahead.
  It's possible we had yet to say I love you to each other.
  Yes, I think that might be right.
  It took us two years.
  So it could have happened.
  Whoa, whoa.
  Wow.
  We're both weird, what?  Do it like me and say it after a week  and not know the gravity.
  Was that after a week?  I know you said it after like hearing Lionel Richie's hello  or something.
  Technically, our first time was during,  yeah, we were doing karaoke  and the part in Lionel Richie's hello came up  where I'm saying I love you.
  And we did look at each other and the guy like,  I know this is fake,  but is this kind of really the first time?  So that was kind of nice.
  But I mean more the other.
  I think I told on the podcast about a year ago  that the first time I ever said I love you to anyone  was after a kiss in a hot tub at a San Antonio Hilton.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And that when I'm 15, like you're tossing out  I love you willy nilly.
  It's like waiting until you know it is a good thing.
  Or waiting until Lionel Richie's playing.
  Yeah, or waiting until you get Duffy.
  He's a magical bear.
  It's because I hadn't said it before.
  So I was just like.
  To anyone?  Yeah.
  Oh, I see.
  It's a big deal.
  So it was a big deal for me  and that's why I was like holding out.
  And I don't know, we've always phrased it  when we first started dating  we were like two nervous kittens circling each other.
  That's fair, yeah.
  So that added to it.
  So I think that might have been part of it.
  It's all.
  What is this relationship?  For my 30th birthday I got a Duffy.
  Right.
  Well, I kind of remember though  any negative feelings Mike would have felt  about the Duffy thing were probably overcome pretty quickly  when me and some other friends were over  and he's like, look at this, look what I did.
  And he was showing off the Duffy.
  He was so pleased with himself.
  Yeah, I mean, again, it wasn't like you were like so mad.
  It was just like a little bit of a deflated balloon.
  So like.
  I think if it hadn't been like  what's supposed to be like a landmark birthday.
  Yes, it was.
  That wouldn't have happened.
  Yeah, you weren't like so furious at me or whatever.
  And then like you felt bad that like, I just was like,  oh, this is a funny, silly thing that's an inside joke.
  So it wasn't like some, so it wasn't like  it was some like horrible atom bomb in the relationship.
  And then Jason came over and I was like,  look what a little stinker I am.
  That was not what the tone of it.
  We did go look what a little stinker I am.
  Yeah, but it wasn't like, it wasn't in the context of like.
  But you did tell, it was very funny to hear you go like,  it was fine.
  Anything in a comedian's life, it's like,  even if it doesn't, like it becomes funny  30 seconds after the fact.
  Yeah, sure.
  It immediately is a funny story that you tell.
  So even if in the moment I was like, wow, thank you.
  Was it the grand finale?  Was it presented as a now you're final gift?  It might have been.
  It probably was.
  That is maybe the issue.
  It was the biggest part.
  It was the big, the bigger piece.
  I was the most excited about it.
  It was the centerpiece.
  I thought it was maybe funny,  but also like he's a cute bear.
  It was funny, cute.
  And like it's a fun piece of weird Disney.
  I had an ex who I was at Disneyland,  I knew she like Eeyore and I thought,  oh, you know what would be fun?  I found some Eeyore earrings.
  This is fun.
  I hadn't really been buying her jewelry.
  I still am.
  I'm afraid of jewelry gifts.
  I will sound vouch for Mike and say, what a stressful.
  I don't know that I have done it for her.
  I think my gift to her is not buying her horrible jewelry.
  No, I feel like you need to,  I feel like you need a link.
  I feel like they must supply a link of like,  this is something I like, or it's something you know.
  I know they have this in X color stone.
  I will get them the complimentary like another color.
  Some taste hints have to be given.
  I'm just saying pearl earrings are classic.
  And I don't know why everybody is so resistant.
  It's hard to mess up pearl.
  If I gave you.
  Did you ever get the fucking pearl earrings?  No.
  This wasn't something I'd said to him.
  I'm saying this because one year  I did get pearl earrings for my birthday.
  From who?  We don't need to talk about that.
  Hey.
  Yeah.
  If I had gotten you a Shelly May with pearl earrings,  what about that?  I don't think she existed yet.
  Oh yeah, maybe she was pretty new.
  I called on our first Orlando trip  and our first trip to Orlando,  which is four or five years ago, I guess.
  I called customer service and asked if there's any way  they could have a Shelly May waiting for us in the room.
  Oh yeah.
  But they only sold it in Japan.
  I would like to say that on a birthday  or maybe Valentine's Day or something after that,  I shipped a Shelly May.
  I got you Shelly May from Japan.
  Yeah, and then my sister got me gelatoni  for the Italian painter Kat.
  And then Marissa Strickland.
  Yes, got me Tippie Blue.
  And me Tippie Blue as well.
  And Jason Tippie Blue.
  So Jason and I both have Tippie Blues.
  You have multiple.
  The bird mailman.
  Your primary gift.
  I have four Duffy's.
  I have not kept up.
  I don't have cookie.
  I don't have, what's the turtle?  Oh, I forget the turtle.
  Alanu?  Yeah, but just Alani.
  Alani, yeah.
  We did not remember.
  Oh, that's why I didn't remember there was a turtle.
  And Cookie is exclusive to Hong Kong.
  And then the other character is Stella Lu the bunny.
  But she's available to you.
  Anyway.
  Oh, can I say really fast?  Does Mike quiz me on these names?  Yes.
  Just now and then.
  I am also annoying in the sense that I quiz.
  All of this also makes you tied  as our most patient guest.
  Tied with one Aaron Gerda.
  Yeah.
  Well, certainly, yeah, yeah.
  I am bummed at how typically male, female.
  Yeah.
  Binary idea of gender these relationships are  where it's like, oh, our men talk about sports  and we listen politely.
  Yeah, it is.
  Except that Aaron and I do both  really like the theme parks.
  It's just obviously not to the depth.
  No, that's exceedingly weird.
  That is what I try to tell people  because I'm like, you know, she doesn't like it as much.
  And they're like, oh, okay, I know what you're saying.
  I'm like, no, no, I think, but like,  she's in the percentile of people that really like it.
  Like for the average person,  just saying you go as much to Disneyland as you,  they'd be like, what's wrong with you?  Why would you do that?  So like for a normal, again, a normal person,  you're in a high level of fandom and interest.
  I think Lindsay and Aaron are in like, in the 90% zone.
  Yeah, that's.
  We are like 140.
  That's the issue.
  Yeah.
  You're at like the highest tier.
  We're at like an untenable, not sustainable height.
  If after 90, it started increasing exponentially.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's a half life, the reverse half life maybe.
  Is that what it has a half life?  That's exponential.
  Can I finish something really fast?  Oh yeah, sorry.
  It's not a straight detail.
  The girl, your earrings.
  Oh right.
  Oh right, I'm sorry.
  This is cute.
  You know, it's just a fun little thing.
  Who cares if they're cheap and whatever.
  And I gave her your earrings and her response was,  do you really think I would wear these?  Wow.
  Ouch.
  Heartbreaking.
  Oh crazy.
  Was that hot tub girl?  No, no, no, different.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  She might've been nice about earrings.
  But it certainly was an Aaron who is so nice,  who I appreciate so much.
  Who you buy her poo earrings all the time  and she wears them proudly.
  She's in her room.
  Everywhere she goes.
  It's like those pig cuff links  in that episode of The Simpsons, Lisa's wedding.
  Uh huh.
  We did, you know, our wedding cake topper was,  I think I said this on the show,  was there was an R2-D2 and a Ernie who was this robot  who was the mascot for the 1982 World's Fair.
  Right.
  So we did have, what's that?  Which I would never have heard of myself.
  Uh huh, if we were not carrying the torch for Ernie.
  Big Ernie fans.
  And the most important day of our lives.
  So anyway, look, Disney oriented gift giving can be tough  and there's pitfalls.
  Yeah.
  But look, you survived, you made it.
  Yes.
  I think you're great now.
  You just have to do it responsibly.
  Right, and I've done it more responsibly buying gifts.
  That Disney soundtrack, is that the gift you were talking  about?  That was their big Christmas gift.
  The Disneyland soundtrack thing I got you very,  and it was very, it's very cool.
  You also, can I just say, you were talking about  like things falling in a traditional gender binary  right after your boyfriend went on and on  about how many teddy bears he has.
  I just meant that dynamic.
  The dynamic, yeah.
  Sure, sure.
  Like traditionally, like women in the kitchen talking  about their things, men in the living room talking  about their things, kind of a, kind of a feel.
  Except your things are also the Disney parks.
  Yeah.
  It's just separate.
  But I think also it's like, part of that dynamic  is that it tends not to be a two way street.
  Well, I think a lot of it, and I try to pick my battles  is that I think for years I'm too dumb or oblivious  to realize that you didn't care about,  hey, did you know, here's what the speculation is  on the Tomorrowland redo.
  So I think a lot of the, it's not a two way street  in that way specifically, because you at a certain point  would be like, I don't really care about this.
  I don't necessarily care.
  So I think at a certain point I was sending you  every single website I read.
  And I was telling you every single rumor.
  And at a certain point you're like,  I don't need this much.
  You just redirected, he built the dam  and redirected that stream to me and Scott.
  Yeah, sure.
  And now here we are.
  Yeah, Scott is me replacement for that.
  Okay, great.
  But Jason was already in the picture.
  But I'm too much for Scott with the information I think too.
  I think there's, I think I, like.
  Only a little.
  There's a couple, there's a couple levels of,  not level, but like a couple areas too.
  You and I love the horse race kind of gossip.
  Jason and I think bond over the fact that we will,  we can do any version of, he'll listen to me talk  about the FastPass program.
  Whether he's that interested or not,  he is happy to hear 30 minutes on different ways  to get FastPass and MaxPass and the benefits of it and why.
  That's the difference I think.
  Which does make you and I more mentally ill  than everyone I think.
  Yes.
  Correct.
  I just need to think, if something could be framed  as a story, maybe that sort of,  you need to distill instead of reporting every little thing.
  It's like how do we frame it?  Yeah, there's not like a beginning, middle and end.
  It's an interesting thing  because I think everyone has different,  I think we've talked about it,  everyone has different friends for different parts  of their lives and different interests.
  And I'm a very, I text a lot,  I like to share stuff daily with different people.
  But I'm trying to think now, I'm looking at all three of you,  it's like all three of you are looking at me.
  It's a weird configuration now that I'm feeling it.
  Yeah, yeah, we are hanging up on you.
  Because usually that chair is moved over a little more,  so it's more of a square.
  Turned entirely to see Scott.
  But right now it feels like I'm on trial.
  And all our Mike stands are pointed right at you.
  Like the part in Captain EO where they're all like,  just shoving those sticks in your face.
  This is a scary experience for you.
  Your guys are pointed at Mike  and Mike and mine are pointed parallel.
  You're both pointed at Donald.
  It is true.
  We're on the same course off the cliff.
  I am realizing now we should have definitely  moved Scott's chair over there.
  Well it's usually fine.
  Yeah, it's fine.
  I'm usually like right here and the green chair  I think historically is actually more like there.
  So then it ends up being kind of more of a circle.
  Well you know what else is going on?  Not to jump too far ahead,  but since we are talking today about your guys' trip  to Tokyo Disney, and I think part of the reason  maybe that I am further out than typical.
  Oh right.
  Is that at some point in this episode,  I mean I'm excited to hear everything  that happened to you guys,  but at some point I wanna give you guys the freedom  to talk about rides that I have not been on  and then I wanna go on and I will be going in April.
  And it's such as I was saying before we started recording,  it's a rare experience to get to go on rides  that I know absolutely zero about.
  So there will be a spoiler divide  at some point in this episode.
  And when the spoiler divide begins,  I'm going to literally get up and leave.
  So you will hear for that.
  So listeners, that will also be a point  for you to shut it off if you wanna experience rides fresh,  but there are especially this Sindbad ride  I don't know a single thing about.
  I don't know what kind of ride it is.
  I have no clue about it and I wanna keep that intact  and other rides there too.
  So.
  And we're doing like 40 minutes on Sindbad alone.
  Oh okay, well then I'll wait.
  You sure you don't?  Cause I brought a map.
  I brought paper reference material.
  I brought maps of these parks that I've never been to  that Marissa and Justin brought back for me  a couple of years ago with the Tippie Blue.
  I think, here's what I think is gonna happen.
  I'm gonna leave about an hour and a half in  and the podcast will continue for about  three and a half hours beyond that.
  We have to.
  And then I will be the Scott.
  We'll be the Scott.
  We're all just replacing each other.
  We're all trying to fill each other's roles.
  Slowly but surely my shirt I'm wearing now  will turn into a short sleeve button up.
  It'll sprout a collar.
  And then we're just going into,  because we have the right number for this production,  a production of David Mamet's Speed the Plow.
  Speed the Plow.
  He was play two men, one women.
  Really is only Jason and me type reference.
  Yeah.
  I mean I know of it.
  The spheres of people's, yeah.
  Topic scenarios of interest.
  Mine doesn't cross into David Mamet.
  I would bet.
  Various Venn diagrams.
  I think it's a safe bet there's some Broadway people  in our audience.
  I know there's some in your audience.
  Sure.
  On your podcast.
  Some what?  Some theater people?  Broadway people he's saying.
  People that like Broadway.
  For sure.
  Yeah this is, we're gonna try to do,  I mean we went to Pearl Land which is like  should be an episode.
  Maybe we'll do Pearl Land.
  Are you guys going in April?  Yeah yeah.
  So maybe we'll do Pearl Land then.
  We all get together when we're back.
  When we're all back.
  We'll do it again.
  Yep yep.
  With Aaron.
  So we won't, yeah right.
  With Aaron we'll come on.
  We'll do five.
  Sure who cares.
  We've done five before.
  It's yeah Pearl Land's great.
  So we went to Japan.
  We should start now.
  Yeah.
  We went to Japan.
  We'll talk a little bit about the trip.
  The trip started out a little rocky  for a couple, like three reasons.
  First of all there was a massive hurricane.
  Intensely struck.
  No no no no.
  Typhoon.
  Typhoon you're right sorry.
  Massive typhoon the day before.
  Flights getting canceled constantly.
  Which my dad texted me about.
  He's like hey isn't Mike going to Japan this week?  Does he know there's a massive typhoon?  Massive typhoon.
  The day before Lindsey's mom would come up  to watch the dog and it was like,  we were like what are we gonna do  if the flight is just canceled?  Because like at International it's a little bit more  of a to do than just a regular.
  And I was like can we get on a trip,  can we get on a plane to Orlando?  But there was also a hurricane.
  But there was also a hurricane happening in Florida.
  So we were like okay.
  And it was truly like the typhoon was the likes  of which Japan hadn't seen in 25 years.
  Oh come on.
  It was a bad typhoon.
  So I just hit the dog.
  I just punched the dog in the head accidentally.
  He's fine.
  Is that evidence that he should give it to you?  I brushed up against his tail with my foot earlier  and everyone was like hey watch the foot.
  And even the dog like nudged me a little at the end.
  Well the dog liked me punching him in the head.
  So that was the difference there.
  The dog has also been taught not to expect as much love.
  Oh okay.
  You only give the dog Duffy presents.
  Look I am withholding, that's true.
  That's why sometimes when I come over.
  Nick Mundy called me withholding years ago  and that's true so I come to that.
  Yeah he says you aren't supportive with your laughs.
  That's what Nick Mundy said.
  That is what he said yes I am not supportive.
  And Lindsay agrees with him.
  I've always thought you were very supportive of,  at least of my bullshit.
  Oh that's because you're a goofy little character.
  I am, I'm a real pad.
  He laughs at goofy characters  not so much as hilarious comments that I make.
  I laugh.
  This kind of explains why sometimes  when I come over and sit down  the dog pretty much throws himself into my lap.
  Like just plops down and it's adorable.
  Michael pets Edwin all day long.
  whereas I can really only do about 30 seconds.
  Why are you staring at me speaking of?  She's talking to the dog not me.
  Or any of us.
  Edwin wandered over here.
  Typhoon.
  Yes anyway the typhoon.
  So we're like well we'll just play it by ear.
  Obviously there's nothing else we can do.
  So everything seemed fine.
  We went to the airport.
  We made okay time.
  We got into the lounge  because I've talked about the chase point,  the chase credit card I have that gets access to the lounge.
  I guess I leave now.
  Actually we didn't even make okay time  because we barely missed that bus.
  Yes but I'm saying we barely made,  we made at least for 35 minutes in the lounge  which Jason would love because there's free food there  and as much as you want.
  Wait, wait, hold on.
  What bus did you take the flyway?  Yeah but we were like  we should have been five minutes earlier.
  You're going to the greatest theme park on the planet  and we're talking about the bus to the croissant place.
  Well because the flyway is much more reliable  than the hot water.
  I'm also setting up a big thing.
  So we're in the lounge.
  We're having a nice little relaxing food.
  I'm like now I'm like yeah this is great.
  It seems like the trip's gonna be great or whatever.
  In the middle of eating you say something to me  that just shoots my blood pressure through the roof.
  This is after mine is already shot through the roof.
  Of course because you realized it,  of course because it was happening to you.
  So all of a sudden and I'm not sure  what triggered the realization  but I realized that I have left all of my psych meds at home.
  I am on two mood stabilizers  and I have left all of them at home.
  It was crazy.
  I had to hold onto the table as I realized it.
  I was like no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  No!  And you're in this dreamed about Michael.
  It's crazy.
  Well I'm just saying it was a crazy intense.
  I'm not crazy as fine.
  The Chase lounge is a dream to be in.
  That's my word and I say it's okay.
  Well it wasn't a Chase specific lounge.
  It was a different airline.
  They don't have their own lounges Scott.
  I've explained this to you via text several times.
  Here is your favorite subject.
  It's called the priority pass.
  Anyway, so at that point, yeah I'm getting on the phone  seeing if we can delay the trip,  seeing if there's any like situation,  like what are the options here?  I'm calling to see if Kaiser can mail me my medication.
  The answer is no.
  Is there a post mates for psych meds?  My sister was like how much time do you have?  I'll drive down there.
  And if we had made that fly away,  she might have been able to make it there with my meds  but as it was, there wasn't enough time.
  So we're like walking and like,  we're walking toward the terminal  because like the flight is about to leave.
  Like everyone had boarded like the commotion  and the calamity of like getting on the phone  and you trying to figure everything out.
  I looked and I was like, we have to,  if we're getting on a plane,  we need to go to the plane now.
  So we're walking and like,  I'm saying I don't think we should go.
  I think we should stop because like you need those meds.
  Those meds are important.
  And it's also not just that I need them  but if I go off of them, you go into withdrawal.
  Yes.
  And then I would have had to slowly get back onto them  when we got back.
  So I'm like in a blind panic.
  It seems to me like my mom is gonna be able to ship them  next day by UPS but I'm not positive.
  And so.
  So we're at the counter.
  Everyone has boarded the plane.
  There's no one else.
  We're there waiting for us to get on the plane  and we're at the desk and like,  we're like not thinking completely straight.
  And then we're like, can we get on another flight?  Is there like something like,  this is the only flight today you'd have to call,  you booked it through American.
  We were on a Japan Airlines flight.
  You have to call American.
  They can maybe see what you can do.
  And then you were, and you started going, I will be fine.
  I'm gonna be fine.
  Well, that's because I had made the mistake  of telling her in hopes that like,  it might help us get a different flight.
  Yeah.
  Kind of.
  I go up and I say, a medical emergency has come up.
  I realized that I didn't bring my medication with me  and they now think I'm gonna have a fucking seizure  on the plane or something.
  And so then I have to keep reassuring them like,  no, no, no, I'm gonna be fine.
  I'm fine.
  I'm fine.
  That you should not use the term medical emergency  if there's not a true medical emergency happening  in front of an airplane.
  So then you were like, we need to,  after it was clear that like there's not,  cause we were hoping, oh, maybe there's a flight  that leaves in three hours we can get on or something.
  Cause then everything won't be affected,  which of course there's not.
  Yeah, one of those international flights.
  Yeah, they fly in Japan.
  It's a popular country.
  It's LAX Tokyo, you don't know, whatever.
  So once it was clear that like,  cause then at that point I was like,  if it's a day or two delayed, like we should probably cancel.
  Like I don't like, we have a certain, whatever.
  So then you were like, no, well, I'll be fine.
  We'll figure it out.
  I was like, are you sure?  And then the two women are like,  are medical emergency,  are you gonna be okay on this flight?  And then we would be like, no, no, it's fine.
  It's gonna be great.
  I was like, no, I just meant, I just meant,  I need it, but like I'm not gonna have a fit.
  She does this all the time.
  You are embarrassing me.
  So we get on the, again,  I think for sure the last two people.
  Yeah, I think so.
  And they closed the door behind us.
  When we're like on the plane, I'm just like, oh my God.
  Like what's gonna, cause we don't know.
  Like they're like.
  This is sort of the behavior they expect  from two Wile Guy Jinn coming to their country.
  What?  Blanking on your.
  Well that's a.
  Guy Jinn or what they call,  that's what they call white people.
  That's what they're called in Japan.
  I was convinced you were making a Star Wars reference.
  Yeah, it's just.
  Wile Guy Jinn.
  Wile Guy Jinn.
  Famous character.
  It's a.
  He'll be on Batu.
  Yeah, non-Japanese and foreign people is what they call them.
  I know the term because they use it in wrestling over there.
  Which is a brief thing we'll touch on.
  So we get on the plane  and the Japan Airlines flight I enjoyed.
  I kind of enjoyed myself.
  It was great.
  It was fun, we were in economy,  but like there was a decent amount of leg room.
  I kind of took a nap.
  There was that weird Mickey game.
  If anyone follows me on Twitter,  where you have to like fix Mickey's pipes  before he's having a party.
  And I finished half of Les Miserables.
  Yeah, and then I was taking a nap  and I realized that, man, my nose is really running.
  And by the end of the flight, I was sick.
  I had a cold, not a bad cold, but a minor cold.
  But I was like, we got off in Tokyo.
  It's a long flight.
  There's no such thing as a minor cold with you.
  I understand.
  I'm also a pain in the ass when I'm sick of any kind.
  Like any type of sick.
  You get so upset.
  I really, yeah, I hate it.
  I think I was always very scared as a kid of being sick.
  So I blame it on my mom, I guess,  for really being like, you shouldn't go to school  if you're even sick at all.
  It's a big deal.
  You stay here and you sleep and you get better.
  See, I got the opposite.
  I was like, I think you're fine.
  Because sometimes it would make myself sick with worry.
  Well, that would do that too, sure.
  If we get you a little breakfast and get you on the bus  and get you set, get you in sick school,  you will feel better.
  Usually, right.
  Sure.
  So your medication, treats, was established at an early age.
  A big plate of waffles.
  Yes.
  Yeah, I mean, basically, what you ate as a child  in the 90s for breakfast before school  was sugary cereal or waffles covered in syrup  or, in my case, a lot of Jimmy Dean-based sausage.
  Sausage on a stick wrapped in pancake.
  Sounds right.
  Oh, did you have the pancake, the rat,  like the pig in a blanket on a stick that Jimmy Dean made?  Yeah, that was also, that wasn't,  they had been around for years.
  Do you know what I'm talking about?  The Daily Show did a whole bit about this.
  Yeah.
  But I was eating pancakes.
  It was like a breakfast sausage link on a stick.
  Yeah, like a corn dog.
  It was a breakfast corn dog.
  And then pancake wrapped around it  and you would dip it in syrup.
  Reminder, this episode is about the greatest theme park  on the planet.
  Just want to remind you.
  And we are talking about Jimmy Dean.
  John Stewart got ahold of this.
  We're painting a picture, Scott.
  Four years ago and was like, isn't this insane?  And it's like, that has been around since 1992.
  Like it's like not a new.
  Anyway, that was, you ate that every day, got it.
  So we're on the line.
  We're lined up.
  We get big boy.
  So we're in,  we're in Tokyo, we're in the airport.
  And like people gave us so much good stuff to like recommend  but there's still, there could have been a better paragraph  about navigating where to go out of the airport  because it's an hour away from Tokyo itself.
  So like I'm in a haze.
  I'm very cranky now because I'm worried.
  I'm sick.
  You're meds who knows what's going to happen.
  Yeah, both of our brains are just taken up by other things.
  And then we're like just staring around at everything.
  And so many things are in English and it's,  it was amazing to me.
  I was like, wow, we are being catered to  in a way that we do not deserve.
  It's so much easier than it feels right when you get there.
  Yeah, but there's just so much going on  and we're like barely able to think.
  Yes, so we got there.
  We do figure it out.
  We get yen, we exchange or whatever, get to the hotel.
  We stayed in a very tiny room hotel.
  And it's insanely, like two sides of the bed  were not accessible.
  Only one side of the bed.
  There was only one side of the bed.
  Three sides of the bed weren't, there was only one side.
  Oh yes, yes, you're right.
  I mean, I'm thinking the headboard part is never accessible.
  But you did make sure you didn't sleep in the entryway.
  Oh, I always climb over a headboard to get into bed.
  But you don't notice that.
  I guess I didn't.
  You didn't sleep just in the hallway like the Hills did  on that great two parking the Hill episode  or where they go to Japan.
  We saw those different hotels where you're in a pod  or something, but we did not do that.
  But that would have been almost the same.
  Yeah, I was gonna say it felt like.
  It wouldn't have been much different.
  And you're tall.
  It was just like too much.
  It was too small.
  And especially like sick, whatever.
  Excuse me, not enough, not too much.
  So we figured, yes.
  So we figured, thank you.
  We figured out the next day,  like we were looking at websites online  and there are two websites that specialize  in getting drugs to you if you've lost your drugs  or forgotten them and you're in a foreign country.
  Whoa.
  So we found a thing and you called  and it was like go to this doctor.
  It wasn't shady at all either.
  No, no.
  I was worried it was gonna be some weird.
  Well, you found the site.
  Like we both found stuff,  but I liked the one that you found more.
  And I call and there's a clinic  and we were able to go in two hours.
  And I saw a doctor.
  I paid like 30 American dollars to see the doctor.
  It was like a copay.
  All he did was I showed him my prescription off my phone  and he wrote up a new prescription with the,  you know, formulaic equivalent  and I paid like a hundred bucks  for seven days worth of my two medications.
  Yeah.
  So thank God.
  But also the harm was already done.
  Yeah.
  What do you mean?  Well, I mean in like missing a day or so  and in the medications being slightly different.
  So even if it's equivalent,  I don't know how much you guys know about medication,  but even if it's equivalent when it comes to psych meds,  you might not respond to it exactly the same.
  So I spent the trip still being like kind of like  with racing thoughts and paranoia  and not being able to get to sleep at night.
  It was better than nothing.
  Yes.
  For sure.
  So, but still, yeah.
  So you were so mixed up.
  You thought Gelatoni was the best bear.
  Yeah.
  And Gelatoni, he's a cat.
  Is he not?  Oh, far right.
  I have no idea.
  Oh, I thought that was part of the joke.
  I was like, yeah, I thought a cat was a bear.
  I don't, I haven't far from,  I haven't been quizzed about the Duffy.
  Yeah, I don't, I haven't quizzed you about that.
  This all plays into my theory that as Mike gets older,  he gets more caught up in hijinks than when we were younger.
  And he like, Mike, cause we have friends who deal,  feel like they have a lot of hijinks going on  in like anytime they have planning stuff.
  And Mike seems to like.
  Oh.
  Yeah, me too.
  I was gonna say it depends.
  I think.
  Well, this was my hijink.
  If you want to refer to  forgetting my necessary psych meds as a hijink, Jason.
  What a fun little like, wow.
  Boy, I'm really up to something now.
  Like, cause I like move my arm.
  I'm saying you got caught in the orbits of his hijinks.
  No, this was my hijink.
  There's people we know that seem very chaotic.
  And I think that, I don't know.
  I'm not, I know, I kind of know what you're saying,  but I don't think that chaos surrounds me.
  Like some people we know.
  No, I don't think it, I don't think it is,  but then I feel, I feel awful when I hear when you,  these sorts of things happen.
  Cause I'm like, well, Mike's dealing with a hijink.
  I'm so upset about Mike's hijink.
  Mike's gotten himself a hijinks again.
  I think of you, you are very responsible.
  And you do plan well.
  Yeah, I think sometimes maybe like,  my hijinks are like the city walk where I order a drink  that's gross and too big,  and I don't know how to throw it away.
  I think I have like very low stakes hijinks.
  Yeah, low stakes hijinks.
  Like that.
  I think that's maybe what you're talking about more.
  Yeah, I think.
  Yeah, okay.
  Cause I, cause yeah, I, oh no,  I ordered too big of a banana from,  from the popcornopolis.
  How am I going to eat this big banana?  Oh no, I forgot my psych meds.
  Whoa!  Mike and Lindsay's Tokyo hijinks.
  The Benny Hill theme plays as we're in and out  of Tokyo doctor's offices.
  I mean, that is a game show over there.
  Like,  find your psych meds.
  Depriving people of their psych meds.
  Folks, it's Michael.
  I'm back to interrupt all this wonderful theme park talk  to tell you just a little bit about a product called Eero Plus.
  Now you're asking, what is Eero Plus?  Well, it is a home Wi-Fi system  and it's designed to provide simple, reliable security  that defends all your home's devices  against a growing number of threats,  such as malware, spyware, phishing attacks,  as well as unsuitable content.
  The combination of Eero with Eero Plus  provides complete protection for your network  and all the devices and those who use them  as they connect to the internet, all right?  Now you're asking, Mike, what is included?  I will tell you, total network protection.
  Eero Plus offers the ability to block malicious  and unwanted content across your entire network.
  It's got advanced security.
  It checks the sites you visit  against a database of millions of known threats.
  Eero Plus prevents you from accidentally visiting  malicious sites without slowing anything down.
  It's got content blocking.
  Eero Plus automatically tags sites  that contain violent, illegal, or adult content  so you can choose what your kids can and cannot visit  right in the Eero app.
  It has also ad blocking, which gets rid of annoying ads  and pop-ups on all your devices.
  Ad blocking also improves load times for ad-heavy sites  so you can browse and stream faster than ever before.
  It's got third-party security apps,  VPN protection from encrypt.
me.
  It's got password management from OnePassword  and antivirus software for Malware Bytes.
  All right, so you're saying, Mike,  I have one single router in my living room.
  That's how I've always done it.
  And I say, no, that is archaic.
  That is outdated, okay?  You need a whole distributed system like Eero Plus.
  That's basically what people have been doing  in offices for years.
  So now you have to get with the program is what I'm saying.
  Here's another thing that's great about Eero.
  It's got incredible customer support.
  You can get somebody on the phone within like 30 seconds.
  I just tried to get on the phone with a ticket place.
  It took me 30 minutes, not Eero Plus.
  All right, so let me tell you about my personal experience.
  I got the box.
  First of all, the box is awesome.
  The box is very sleek.
  It's very satisfying opening it up.
  And it's like a very nice design,  which also the product's very nicely designed.
  It looks good.
  So I take it, I start installing it.
  15 minutes, that's crazy.
  I thought it was gonna take me like three hours  because I usually screw everything up.
  I did not screw this up, and it's mostly because it was easy,  not because I'm skilled or anything.
  So here's the thing.
  I had a dead spot as far as Wi-Fi was concerned  in this room where I keep most of my toys.
  So now after Eero Plus, I can get Wi-Fi  in the room where all my toys are.
  So it's very good.
  I highly recommend this thing.
  And let me just tell you right now  about this special offer for podcast to ride listeners.
  You can get $100 off the Eero Base Unit  in two beacons packages and one year of Eero  if you visit Eero.
com slash theme park  and at checkout, enter theme park.
  I think you're gonna be very glad you did.
  Make sure your figure room has full Wi-Fi coverage.
  So yeah, so we, luckily again, the cold was not so bad.
  Luckily you were working at like what, 70% capacity.
  Yeah, sure.
 Something like that.
  And then right across the street from the medical clinic  was the Tokyo Tower.
  Yeah, so the Tokyo Tower, which is a landmark in Tokyo,  we had no idea.
  It's actually not that famous,  but it looks exactly like the Eiffel Tower,  only it's orange.
 Except black and orange.
  It was so weird.
 It's orange.
  So we'll try, this is very touristy themed experience.
  You go up to the top,  but we paid to go to the very top of it.
  And before you go, there's a themed little show  where the creator of the Tokyo Tower  talks to a different painting of another man.
  It was actually very Disney.
  It was fascinating.
 Yeah, very, very cool.
  We got there and we're like, this is great.
  You can feel when your Imagineering pre-show is happening  and that's definitely happened there.
  And then you're wearing- Except all of the walls  of the little room we went in for,  the little Tokyo Tower creator guy  talking to you from a moving portrait.
  There were these just 2D walls,  just flat walls made to look like it was a library.
  And then one of the books was Harry Potter.
  Oh yeah.
 Not Harry Potter,  Harry Potter.
 Harry Potter.
  And you don't know what that,  that wasn't a pun that was clear?  You didn't- Not clear.
  No, I don't know.
  I think it was, and not all the books had the titles clear,  but one jumped out at me and it was Harry Potter.
  So we have like headphones in  that had English translation of everything.
  And you go up to this, the very top,  which is scary a little bit.
  You love it.
 You love those heights.
  Yeah, I didn't- The elevator was scary.
  The elevator is the scary part  because you're just like going in the middle  of the giant Tokyo Tower,  which feels like the Eiffel Tower.
  And then that was fun.
  And there was, we should have,  there was a theme park in the Tokyo Tower we didn't go to  because we were trying to get to some other place  by six o'clock.
  And this whole thing was just a-  Yeah, we were trying to get to Harajuku.
  We were flying by the seat of our pants  because of the prescriptions and whatever.
  But there was a full like weird, not like,  it was like a- Not rides,  but like pirate themed theme park  that we almost went into, but we didn't have time.
  There's a lot of that in Tokyo  where you all of a sudden just happen upon a theme park.
  And you're like, we don't have time for this theme park.
  We can't, we're going to another theme park in two hours.
  And that is a thing I think we should contextualize.
  Like when Disney opened in Tokyo,  like everyone was on board.
  Like immediately the culture was on board for it.
  The people were on board.
  They loved it.
  Unlike Paris.
  Unlike, yeah, unlike Paris  where it was like treated with disdain  and suspicion and stuff.
  And yeah, there's all of these theme parks in Japan.
  So the next day we went and again,  we tried to get to Tokyo Disney as quickly as possible.
  We were going to go see Japanese wrestling,  New Japan wrestling,  to see the greatest professional wrestlers in the world  in the main event, Kenny Omega, Tamiro Ishigae,  Kazuchika Okada, and Koto Bushi.
  And Geletoni.
  The Italian wrestler.
  And they were wrestling.
  The Italian Japanese wrestler.
  They were wrestling at a place called Kuriken Hall,  which is right by Tokyo Dome,  which is where they play a lot of baseball games.
  And honestly, we were just going to get tickets  and then go do something else.
  And we were walking toward the area on the Google map  and we look up and we see the Ferris wheel  and a roller coaster.
  Yeah, it was a goddamn amusement park out of nowhere.
  And we go, is that like a amusement park here?  And so we walk in and it's just like,  we couldn't tell if everything was running or not.
  It was very strange.
  It almost felt almost in parts of it abandoned.
  But then we see like Power Rangers show tomorrow.
  And we're like, oh, we can't go to that.
  We're going to another theme park tomorrow.
  And like, there's just too much,  there's too many rides here.
  And we're like, holy shit, what is this place?  And it's a very touristy place called Tokyo Dome City.
  And it's by far, I think, my favorite day in Tokyo itself.
  We only had four days, three or four days,  I forget, in Tokyo itself.
  Like all the areas of Tokyo we went to were very cool.
  Oh, great.
  But we just didn't have enough time with them.
  But we spent.
 Tokyo Dome,  we ended up spending a lot of time with.
  Wow.
 Tokyo Dome, basically city.
  Which was not, people have sent me lists of like,  here's what you should do when you go in April.
  And this has not been on lists.
  No, I have not.
  No one has ever talked about this that we know.
  This is just because of the magic of professional wrestling.
  It touches our lives once again.
  Of course.
  So there was a Taco Bell there that I ate at  and it was fascinating because you could order  your heat level on the menu there.
  So you could pick your meat or whatever.
  And then you could say medium  or mild medium or spy.
  I was like, this is amazing.
  This is the greatest.
  Greatest theme park in the world.
  Greatest theme park in the world.
  We went to a space museum.
  We went to a space.
  So then there's another building that's like,  has five levels and there's a roller skating rink  that you skated on for like 45 minutes.
  And it looks like it's straight from the 80s.
  Cause all this stuff is built in the 80s  and it's barely touched, but everything is very clean,  but it's not touched.
  Cause everything's clean.
  Everything is clean in Japan.
  It's great.
 Bathrooms are immaculate.
  I miss the bathrooms.
  Yeah, bathrooms are amazing.
  Every time I go into a bathroom now, I'm just disgusted.
  People have so much respect there.
  And then we went to the space themed like tourist trappy  thing where it was like two different experiences  where you're in a room and the wall kind of looks like,  kind of three, it's three dimensional.
  It's like boxy cubes, but then all of a sudden,  like the cubes all turn into stuff and it's.
  They're actually screens.
  They're all, yeah, they're all screens.
  And then there might be some projections as well.
  And they're just, we didn't,  we made the mistake of not getting like the headphone  that told us what was happening in English.
  Yeah, it was.
  So there's no way to know what it was.
  There was a fascinating aspect.
  But it was cool looking.
  Yeah.
  And then we went into a room that was supposed to like  simulate you're flying through the galaxy.
  So it was just a big screen in the,  like the bottom of the floor and you like lean over.
  It was like looking down into a circular IMAX screen.
  Right.
 And that was not as cool as the other one,  but it was fine.
  And then there's a whole, like there's like photo ops  where like I took, I made a,  I think I made the video on Twitter  where I was talking to the little prince.
  Yes, you did.
  Yes.
  And there.
  I think it was like, hey, it's your boy, Michael,  here with the little prince in Tokyo.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And then there's like picture,  like we have pictures with aliens and we're like,  everything's a theme park here.
  This is the greatest.
  Also there was like a little lab or like work room  in the space museum or whatever it would be called  that was actually like University of Tokyo, like.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Physicists.
  Right.
  There were like calculations on a whiteboard  and people at desks.
  And I was like, what the hell?  It was a science labs or theme parks as well.
  Yeah.
 Everything's a theme park.
  Yeah, it was like in the old days when you could see.
  I guess surrounded by a theme park.
  Yeah, like when you could see animators  at MGM studios basically.
  Chained to their desk.
  Yeah, it kind of was.
  So we, so then yeah, and then there's basically,  it's a weird configuration.
  It all feels like it was built up like piecemeal.
  It was not, there's not a grand design.
  So like there'll be store, store,  bubblegum shrimp restaurant, then a ride,  just in a section that looks like it should be  just another store.
  Yeah, there's a log flume ride.
  There's a log flume ride that just like goes  right by stores.
  And it's.
  Where people work or whatever.
  By people work and like it's not themed at all.
  It's just the track and a log or not even a log theme.
  It's like just a piece of plastic that you're surfing down.
  And we went into this weird like kind of buzzed  lightyear ride.
  And it's, let me bring up the picture of it.
  What is it called?  The.
  Oh yeah.
  It's not the depths.
  That's the maze I love, the haunted maze.
  You love haunts.
  I love haunts now.
  Oh please don't encourage this, Rosie.
  It was called.
  He loves haunts now.
  He's told me.
  Did he tell you about that?  It's one of the funniest things.
  I don't know what it was, but he just like  sort of apropos of nothing went, I love haunts now.
  It was just silence and then.
  We had been talking about something,  it was like, oh do you wanna.
  We were like maybe scrolling through Netflix  looking for a horror movie to watch.
  And maybe that's when you said, yeah I love haunts now.
  I was serious.
  Scott is this okay if I give you some spoilers  from the ride the dive at Tokyo Dome City.
  You're fine with this.
  Okay so like the dive is like kind of like  a steampunky thing and you're in a vehicle  that looks like this.
  What does that look like?  It's a big tall, I should have a picture.
  Kinda looks rocket shipy.
  You see that?  It's like a big tall like.
  Warm or kind of misshapen.
  It's like an underwater type thing.
  Some undersea exploring vessel or something.
  And you stand in it when you hold guns out the window.
  Whoa yeah.
  And you're shooting sea creature aliens?  Shoot what yeah.
  Well there's like, this is the skull captain.
  He's a character, it's hard to see it probably.
  But like there's kind of very cool designed  like steampunky like evil like underwater characters.
  Damn.
  So like it was very, it's too short.
  It's very very short but it was cool.
  Not dissimilar from.
  Don't, spoiler?  From a dream I had.
  Yeah great.
  Very good.
  So the dot, this is what the outside of it looks like.
  It's like just a weird, like this is themed  but this is just the top of another mall.
  It's just a weird like office park or something  and you're next to like a Papa John's.
  Yeah exactly.
  That's actually the training mechanism  for the Japan Self Defense Force  because they can't, they don't have a standing army.
  The dive?  Yeah the dive is, it's like that America's army  video game or stuff.
  Sure.
  You have to go through it 500 times.
  Now you are an official member of the Japanese army.
  Now the thing with my love of haunts  is that now I'm regretting because we walked by  a terrifying looking haunted house.
  And Lindsay wanted to go in it more than I did  but she couldn't bring herself to go in.
  But it was one in which you would be given rope  and you would have to bind a ghost's feet to get out.
  And also she was like under you  and could grab at your feet.
  Yeah.
  And it was, the story was this.
  You would take your shoes off right?  Yeah you had to take your shoes off.
  You had to take your shoes off in this maze.
  So the story of the haunted house was  that this woman accidentally destroyed  a moth specimen of her husband's  and to punish her he put like moth powder  or ground up moths in her face powder  and she used the powder and it disfigured her.
  And then he, and it turned out no she hadn't destroyed  the moth specimen.
  He and his lover just wanted to get her out of the picture.
  And so she dies and then they,  but then she haunts the house and you have to bind  her feet to free her spirit ironically.
  So you would bind like an actor's feet.
  Yeah.
  Whoa.
  To get out of there.
  You don't rub moth powder into an actor's face.
  No she already got hurt by the moth powder stuff.
  There's not some new components.
  No no.
  Or we're giving you moth powder.
  So we didn't do it.
  I think I would have done it now.
  I do think I would have done it even though it sounds.
  Post not scary farm.
  Post not scary farm events.
  I love feet binding now.
  I love it.
  Oh no bad reference in relation to Japan.
  They have the thing there.
  They're the ones with the psychosexual madness  of like let's make the feet binding a haunted house.
  Might be a Chinese thing now that I think about it.
  We'll cut it out if we look it up.
  I feel like.
  It's in the good or.
  If it's racist we'll cut it out.
  So yeah so we were like just running around that place  like children like whoa look over here.
  Look what this is.
  This is weird.
  And then you went roller skating  while I waited in line for tickets.
  They only have cash for the wrestling show.
  And then while I was waiting for you to be done  I went and had a drink and cheese sticks  at the TGI Fridays next to the Currican Hall.
  And I was like this is the greatest day of my life.
  Going to Japan and going to a TGI Friday.
  You remind me of home.
  And to Taco Bell.
  Yes I did.
  It was a very American day.
  And then we went and saw Japanese wrestling  in this just old ass like gym-ish type place.
  And we had just the worst beer and popcorn.
  It was great.
  We stood in the back.
  The main event was incredible.
  Maybe five star match.
  Oh my goodness.
  So then we went to Tokyo Dome City Hotel  or Tokyo Dome Hotel.
  And they have an amazing view of the theme park.
  It's the colors.
  They sent a picture to Scott.
  I've shown it to him.
  I'm like you gotta go here.
  As soon as we went in there we were like oh my God  Scott and Aaron would love this place.
  It was like very my taste.
  Weston Bond adventure but.
  Yeah it was like mid 80s.
  Yes.
  Like luxury.
  Yeah that hotel looked great.
  And it's not like been.
  It's like this exact same in the 80s.
  It's like the nice version of what it looks like  in the 80s.
  And there's a sizzler in the lobby.
  And we went up to this lounge and it's like  there's too many people working there.
  And there's only like it was like club 33  and there's like six people maybe 12 people.
  And they pull the chairs out for you.
  And you're just sitting at the bar  looking at this crazy weird theme park.
  And we're like this is the best.
  How many days do you spend in the Tokyo Dome?  That's my answer.
  That's the answer for me.
  Yeah I thought so.
  Maybe we stay there.
  We were talking about staying there  the next time we go.
  Oh maybe.
  I think that is probably what will happen.
  I'll keep in mind.
  And maybe during like New Japan's G1  when there's like a lot of shows, wrestling shows.
  So yeah we did that.
  You're just scrolling through your phone right now Justin.
  I was checking the show Twitter account.
  Don't do that during the show.
  I do it during the show all the time  and you don't say anything.
  I had notes.
  I feel comfortable in those.
  Lindsay came in here to razz and roast.
  That's something a mom's allowed to do.
  I mean I wonder where she got that from.
  She did it before me.
  Yeah she did it before me.
  So we went to Pearl Land.
  We'll talk about Pearl Land on the episode.
  We'll probably do a full Tokyo Dome city episode  and a full Pearl Land episode when you get back.
  Yeah for sure.
  But Pearl Land is great.
  We were running around the Gudetama, the lazy ag area.
  Oh it's delightful.
  Like children.
  My love.
  Oh my goodness.
  My beloved.
  Jason's favorite character in fiction.
  The listless, lazy ag.
  Your role model.
  Gudetama shows his, there are so many different versions  of Gudetama showing his butt.
  His little egg butt.
  His little butt.
  Like there's 20 plus different ways he shows you his butt  over the whole thing.
  And his human friend in the ag costume.
  Oh yeah what is that character's name?  The weird perverts.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  The weird gimp looking egg man.
  Well we'll figure that out for the Pearl Land episode.
  Is that an appropriate word?  Gimp?  Gimp?  I think gimp is fine I think right?  Yeah.
  We'll look that up too.
  Research to do.
  But I mean in like the pulp fiction sense.
  Yeah yeah the sex gimp.
  The sex gimp.
  I don't know what you're thinking gimp is.
  Yeah no I don't know.
  We'll look it up.
  All right.
  So yeah so then we did Pearl Land.
  And then we went to, we did amazing.
  Mario Kart virtual reality incredible themed experience.
  Like if that's like the Wreck it Ralph thing  they're built like amazing.
  Really?  Like I think people will go nuts for it.
  Cause it's truly, of all the VR stuff we did there too.
  Like head and shoulders above the others.
  Yeah it was really fun.
  People screaming.
  Me screaming.
  You screaming in every race.
  Screaming as soon as I got on it.
  Yeah.
  Like I mean Scott's gonna be maybe a little uncomfortable  because there's giant bullets.
  Uh oh.
  I'm scared of the big.
  But that was one.
  Oh we didn't talk about that.
  I hate when the big bullet goes by.
  So like you're immersed in the land.
  And the VR.
  I'll just forget how to duck.
  So yeah or take a Xanax before.
  I can't.
  Yeah.
  Get sleepy.
  So that was awesome.
  Another themed thing.
  We got too late to Robot Restaurant  as far as another themed.
  Again everything's a theme park.
  We did get, we were too late to many things I feel like.
  Yes that's true.
  So all right let's, we'll get there.
  So we take the subway.
  The subway takes us like into Tokyo Disney.
  And the difference with the Monorail Tokyo Disney  is that you have to pay for it  because it has to be a real line of transit.
  Yes.
  It is included in the transit.
  State owned.
  Right so we had to buy a pass for days.
  And I guess look I'll say it now.
  How many days.
  Yeah.
  We spent at Tokyo Disney.
  Cause we haven't, also you guys went to,  as we record this you guys went months ago.
  We've not, I haven't heard anything about.
  A month and a half.
  A month and a half ago.
  We've been out a bunch of times.
  I haven't heard anything about any of this.
  Right we've kept it for the air.
  Because you've been saving it for the episode.
  But also you don't want to hear half of it.
  Yeah no it's true.
  Although I will literally leave forever.
  But this is, yeah.
  Let's, do we get to the.
  So we ended up spending at the Tokyo Disney Resort  three and a half days.
  Okay.
  I'll take it.
  And you know what?  Are you saying that is the definitive?  I wanted five.
  And I will say at least four.
  At least four.
  I would have loved five.
  Five would have been really great.
  Wow.
  But I do think, I think there's a version  of Tokyo Disney you can do.
  And another thing we screwed up is I think we,  this trip was a sleepy one.
  Because of all the hiccups at the rough start.
  So we never quite got up as early  as everyone says to get up.
  For sure you can hit all the big rides  that you want to do in two days.
  And I'm sure if you were being real on top of it  you could do just the big heavy hitters in a day.
  But I think three, to really absorb the atmosphere  three days, like, because there's still stuff we didn't do.
  We want to see all the shows.
  We missed certain shows.
  We didn't get to go to the downtown Disney type area.
  We didn't even touch it.
  Not even close.
  And then somebody was, somebody messaged me  and said there was a theme park close, very close to it.
  Another one?  I don't even know what it's called.
  So I was like, oh, that's unlikely.
  But I'm great to explore that area.
  And also it's right by the ocean.
  And we were so happy to just be in a hotel room  where we slept in separate beds a couple nights.
  We were so excited to have space.
  It was like, no, get me out of bed.
  Stretching out.
  Like Lucy and Desi.
  No, I'm serious.
  Yeah, but we weren't fighting or anything.
  It was just like, nope, it's nice to not be in it.
  But it was also good because then I could not fall asleep.
  Oh yeah, that's true.
  So I would have kept you up.
  So yeah, so we did three and a half days  because the trip was ending.
  And at first I was like, well,  we'll do something for a half day.
  But then it was like the way the park hopper adds up,  it's like 30 more dollars for the fourth day.
  And it's like, well, you may as well.
  Why wouldn't you, yeah.
  Because it's not a full ticket.
  If maybe it was a full day of like the same amount.
  Because also tickets are not as expensive there.
  They're like 70 bucks, I think.
  I forget, 60 bucks.
  Which that used to be the price for like 10, 11 years ago.
  That was the price for a single day Disney,  a single day, single park.
  Sure.
  Can I say one thing?  When I talk about days and plans,  I don't mean to be some virtuous, valorous hero  for the people, for the less fortunate.
  But some of my thing with the days is spending.
  It's a relief to hear that Tokyo Disney is cheaper.
  But I do, I would like to voice that when we talk,  when we talk about what's an ideal Disney world trip.
  Well, it's 14 days and you spend $5,000.
  Like there are some people listening  who do have to think about.
  But we are saying ideal.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I'm just saying some of my arguments in all of this  is a little bit like what if you don't want to spend  whole fees or you can't spend OBS.
  Man of the people, Scott, does make the point.
  It's nice to hear that it's cheap.
  Scott, just cut your line.
  Cut your line consumption in like half for once.
  This new bit, this new bit about Scott and his wine.
  That I, yes.
  Old Ronnie Garner.
  Unhelpable wino.
  The weekly wine budget of two grand.
  Yeah, certainly it's not like the budget trip,  but an ideal.
  Yeah, I mean we didn't do, also,  I will, to speak to budget,  obviously if you only have a certain amount,  you're, I mean any of us have a certain amount.
  But if you have a budget and a limit,  obviously do what you can do.
  But like, this also isn't.
  Like you can do a hotel room for a hundred something bucks  and then it's 60 extra dollars for two people to go.
  So I'm saying it's not like you're spending extra grand.
  That's all my point.
  No, no, no, I'm saying it's nice to know that it is.
  Yeah.
  I just like, you know, I've had the thought  when we've talked about what is,  that a Disney World trip has to involve  like just a mind boggling amount of money.
  It doesn't always work.
  But we're always talking about,  I think we usually were talking about in like the-  We're both unemployed right now.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure.
  You made this work, it's all good, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It was mostly, it was a trip based on points and like-  A lot of which we got because I froze my eggs.
  That is true.
  We put Lindsay's egg freezing on credit cards.
  Although I did not, if I'm gonna be very specific,  those are the SPG points that we haven't used yet,  is your egg card.
  Edwin is having a bad dream.
  So yeah-  Having to deal with a future child in the house.
  Besides Jason.
  Yeah, besides me.
  Edwin and I keep the same sleep schedule.
  Fighting over scraps.
  Which is a lot.
  Yeah, fighting over.
  So yeah, ideally yes, where you get to see it,  especially with Japan where it's like,  it's not as easy to go to Japan as it is to go to Florida.
  So like, and Tokyo Disney Sea, I will say,  theme wise, the best theme park.
  Theme wise.
  Straight up theme wise, immersiveness.
  Are you disagreeing?  I'm just, I'm trying to figure it out  and I realized this is something I should have decided on  before the episode.
  Keep going.
  I was gonna say like,  Daigon Alley might be my favorite themed area ever.
  That's it.
  That's the one that I think is the absolute best themed area.
  Even though there's not much space  and there's really only like two, one ride.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, in Daigon Alley specifically.
  But I think that that.
  But I'm saying theme park overall,  just everything added up the most like, oh wow,  like, oh, there's this awesome thing.
  And the most amazing amount of like, views and care.
  Oh, care for sure.
  But like views too, where you would be in like  the Cape Cod section and be like,  holy shit, look at the view of the Tower of Terror  from here and look at the boat from here.
  Like it felt such, like such, I guess,  care as the word had been taken to make sure  that everything was so scenic.
  Cause like when you go in Cars Land,  there's that the one view when you're coming out of  like that food area, the book, like whatever the pier.
  And that's like such an amazing cool view  of that, of the Radiator Springs racer ride.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It seems like such a wide epic vista.
  And like it's, Tokyo Disney Sea is full of it  and stuff like that.
  Where you all of a sudden turn around and you go,  whoa, that's clearly, they did this on purpose.
  This was clearly built to be an amazing picture.
  And like a reveal, it's all very cinematic.
  It's very cinematic.
  And there's so much transportation.
  Yeah.
  Just so, like so much, like so great.
  I was looking at the maps today and just seeing like  there is a boat that does the whole like,  laps the whole Tokyo Disney Sea.
  Yes.
  Oh yeah, we took that.
  I mean, we took, well, we took half, like we would take.
  It like goes through the middle.
  It goes through the middle.
  Yeah, it doesn't go around it.
  Yeah, it's not like the Disneyland train.
  Yeah, and the rail, I mean, I got a lot of questions  about the train.
  It's gotta work for you to leave.
  Honestly, you got a lot of questions about the rail stuff.
  If you don't want the train spoiled.
  You're gonna be disappointed  because we didn't go on that train.
  No.
  Which, in what park?  Either of them.
  Michael, sorry.
  There were rides we, I'm saying,  there were rides we did not get to.
  We needed five days.
  I love when Jason says the full Michael.
  That's one of my favorite moments.
  I'm not mad, I'm just disappointed.
  I am disappointed too.
  Michael, I do wanna ask, so what hotel?  Hold on, let me just say this,  just so we get it out of the way.
  Didn't go on Big Thunder.
  Didn't go on Splash Mountain.
  Wow.
  The lines are so long.
  But also, there is a complication,  which is that I had injured myself.
  Oh my God, guys.
  Oh yeah, so well that happens,  hold on, that happens on D.
  It struck my lightning too.
  I guess this is, you know, this is a.
  I don't have the best health luck or.
  Accident luck.
  Because you injured yourself in Florida too  when we were in Florida  and we had to go to the Disney doctor.
  I kicked a suitcase by accident  and then my toe was just fucked up  the whole rest of the trip.
  But this is maybe, it was a very rainy day  and you slipped down the stairs of the do-  I slipped on a step and then landed hard.
  So hard.
  On my butt, on a step.
  We were in the middle of a giant crowd.
  You slipped and fell and it made such a loud noise  and impact, everyone in the station stopped.
  Yeah, they froze.
  Froze and turned in horror.
  And not just turned, they gasped.
  Yes.
  In unison for the same duration of time.
  It was like.
  Yes.
  The behavior of a graceless guy, Jin.
  What?  Will display for all of the trans.
  The behavior.
  I'm not gonna mess with you calling  my legitimate health scares, hygiene.
  No traits for you after.
  My financial situation would change drastically  if I cut back on wine.
  Jason is out of control.
  He's a real guy, Jin heel today.
  Yeah, this is a good phrase.
  You'll put it back on you.
  Sure.
  Well, I am the-  Guy, Jin, Jason.
  I am the most, yeah, I am the guy, Jin of this episode.
  Well, let me, so what, when you, well-  You have a chart out and a pen notes.
  Okay, so-  Oh, but just to finish up.
  So it hurt to even walk,  so I didn't wanna go on Big Thunder.
  You hit the stair.
  So hard.
  I was, I remember, I froze too,  because of the way much had happened.
  And the noise and everything,  and you said that you had the same thought,  I go, what's broken?  And we're hospital, like everything flashed of like,  okay, can she even walk?  There was a moment where I couldn't feel my body  and I thought I might not be able to walk again.
  Jesus.
  It was so intense.
  And I've taken a spill before, in a puddle.
  The clearest one I remember is,  I slipped in a puddle in front of a target  and then stood up and just laughed it off.
  So any time I have slipped before,  I've immediately stood up and just laughed it off.
  This time I was like, no, I can't move for a second.
  It was terrifying.
  Yes, it was terrifying.
  It was the most terrified I've been of you falling,  I guess, I don't know.
  You weren't worried about that one.
  Of my wellbeing?  Yeah, maybe, yeah.
  You were worried it would be your last hijink.
  Yeah, the final hijink to end all hijinks.
  At least it didn't go out with a bang.
  Oh, like I said, like whoa.
  It was that, but literally.
  Jason, yes, you have a question.
  Yes, I pulled out my paperwork.
  So when you moved to the Tokyo Disney area,  what hotel did you stay at?  The Sheraton.
  We're never gonna talk about rides.
  The Sheraton.
  Oh my God.
  The Sheraton Tokyo Bay.
  We just wanna keep you here as long as possible.
  Yeah, that is true.
  I have a dinner, I literally have to leave at some point.
  How deep are we?  We were like first, oh, time-wise?  It's 4.
51.
  Hour and eight minutes.
  So.
  The Sheraton Grand.
  Sheraton Grand, yes, Tokyo Bay.
  The Sheraton Hotel, which is a Tokyo Disney Resort  official hotel.
  That's correct.
  But not a Disney hotel.
   Tell me about a ride.
  Tell me about one ride.
  What is the ride you wanna hear about?  Let me see.
  Hold on.
  Let me give you guys your souvenirs.
  Yay.
  They're just, they're tiny.
  Honestly, I was looking for something.
  I'm losing energy like a little kid.
  We have two children here.
  Don't take me to a ride.
  What in the rain?  I don't even remember what's in these.
  I was looking for something very specific,  but they don't have,  everything's very general in a different way there.
  So I was looking for something like really cool  and specific to rides,  but they don't, it's lacking in that department.
  But I got something that I thought was a,  you pointed this out when we were in the gift shop,  the candy shop.
  I don't even remember.
  That there was a funny phrase on this.
  And then I guess got two of them.
  I was like, oh, this is a funny little thing.
  Oh, I do remember.
  Hand it to Scott.
  I don't even know what's in here, if it's good or not.
  All right.
  And look at what we got.
  I'm gonna read the phrase that's on this  and why we enjoyed it.
  It all started in 1983.
  Thank you guys.
  So much.
  Tokyo did and everything I love did.
  There's extra bags.
  If you want a bag here, you can have a bag.
  They give you extra bags.
  If you like, they censor buying it for souvenirs.
  What's in this tin?  I have no idea.
  Open it.
  Bags are beautiful.
  We bought it because of the phrase.
  Oh, you know me well.
  I'm sorry.
  What is the, I don't,  I'm really feeling dense.
  The park started in 1983,  but it's like a funny thing is the phrase.
  But that's not when it all started.
  The Disney phrase always,  it's all started with a mouse or something.
  Yes, okay, yeah.
  And then we're like, what?  It didn't all start in 1983.
  What do you mean it all?  It's a weird swerve of that.
  But it's similar to my favorite phrase  that Epcot, the 21st century begins October 1st, 1982.
  This is like a cousin of that.
  Yes, yes.
  It makes me very happy.
  Okay, tell me this.
  All right.
  What's the ride?  What's the ride?  I'm so excited to go because it seems like Tomorrowland  is locked in 1983 perfection.
  How is there Tomorrowland?  It's better.
  It's better than Disneyland.
  Okay.
  Well, I don't know though,  because the layout of it I don't love.
  There's awesome.
  There's just not much to it.
  There's not much to it.
  And.
  But if there's big old spires and fountains,  then I'm set.
  I think that.
  And weird tubes and shit.
  Don't put your expectations too high  for Tomorrowland and Tokyo Disneyland.
  I've seen photos there.
  I think they're right where they need to be.
  All right, maybe you're gonna love it.
  The blue and white look beautiful.
  All right, so I guess you asking the question  and us giving you an answer was unnecessary.
  I'm not satisfied with your answer.
  How's their Star Tours?  Star Tours, oh, it's, well, there's a,  you don't want any spoilers.
  We can't say that.
  We shouldn't tell you.
  We can't tell you that.
  All right.
  It's the same.
  It's the same.
  There's an area that's fun  and we shouldn't tell you about.
  Okay.
  There's an area, okay, we'll say this.
  There's an area that's like an extra area in the queue  and there's an amazing line thing  that we didn't realize was there.
  Oh boy.
  And we turned the corner and went, whoa!  Yeah.
  It's like very visually arresting.
  Jason, do you wanna write this down  and as soon as Scott's gone,  we'll reveal all the things we're saying?  Oh yeah, good.
  Good, good.
  Let me hear.
  Oh, that's actually a really good idea.
  Yeah, go for it.
  Do you wanna make a note on your phone  and then when you're scrolling through Twitter,  you can pretend you're writing it down?  Jason just pouted.
  Jason just frowned at me.
  This is gonna be a hard time.
  We all have our processes.
  We're all professional, we're all professional podcasters.
  What by the way, what is in there?  Oh, the tin contains,  they look like odd little like espresso bean kind of thing.
  Oh, that's mine.
  Individually wrapped, beautifully wrapped.
  Like everything there is individually wrapped.
  Okay, this wouldn't be a spoiler,  but I hear that that aquatopia is a very pleasant thing,  the water-autopia.
  Oh, in DisneySea.
  Yeah, yeah, we went on that.
  It's over by the Nemo and Friends Searider.
  It's the outdoor thing.
  I have such a bad memory.
  He's reminding me right now.
  It's the WiFi, it's WiFi basically controlled,  but it's on the water.
  It's in the back towards like Discovery Bay.
  Hold on, I gotta show you a picture of this.
  This candy is delicious by the way.
  I'm not even sure the flavor, it's wonderful.
  It's a wonderful tin thing.
  Oh, while we're talking about that  and Michael is looking up the thing  to jog my terrible memory,  I bought what is I guess a very Tokyo Disneyland item,  which is their chocolate rice candies  or chocolate crunch they call it, chocolate crunch candies.
  And they all came individually wrapped.
  I bought it in a little 35th anniversary bag,  zip it open and there are all these individually wrapped  chocolate crunch things and they were fine.
  Okay.
 Disappointing.
  All the lists were like, get these.
  Oh, I loved that thing.
  Yeah, really fun.
  Little boats.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, that thing was great.
  High tech looking bumper boats, essentially.
  Yeah, they don't bump into anything.
  They just sort of do a WiFi controlled little dance  in the water.
 And they spin you around.
  It's very fun.
  I would do it at night if you can.
  Ooh, neat, okay.
  That's when we did it.
  Candy is amazing.
  It's really good.
  What is it?  It's like kind of coffee and kind of butter.
  Is it like a melts in your mouth thing or is it crunchy?  It's more like a Werther's kind of texture.
  Oh, okay.
  It is, yeah.
  It's like a higher quality Werther's.
  That's excellent.
  Yeah, these chocolate crunch things are like a Nestle bar  but like lighter and fluffier.
  This is not particularly, I think from what I can tell,  it's a very similar ride.
  What do you think about Indiana Jones?  Oh my God.
   The tiny, it's basically the same but the tiny touches  that dress it up more.
  You don't want to know the tiny touches though, right?  I've watched the video.
  I'll just tell you.
  Oh, you have?  So the temple is incredible.
  Much better because of them.
  I like the intimacy of our queue, how small it is.
  But the temple, we did it by the way.
  And the queue is very cool though.
  Oh, it's great.
  It's like a big cavern with skulls  and skeletons everywhere.
  Yeah, we did single rider in Tokyo each time.
  So that's a good tip.
  It's just, you may as well just do that  because it's very fast.
  Barely anybody does it.
  And we kept getting put on cars at the same time anyway.
  Different cars but.
  Yeah, I mean, it was very simple  and that line is always very long.
  So we did it three times.
  Okay.
  And immediately you're like,  oh, it feels like the ride is new.
  It feels like the track is brand new.
  And you're like, well, why isn't ours feel like  this track is brand new?  Yeah.
  Everything is smooth.
  Everything was smoother but like threw you around  a little more I felt like.
  I think that's just the other smoothness of the ride.
  Who knows?  Maybe there's some difference.
  Somebody was talking online.
  I read about the fact that like they light  the one in Disneyland with more black lights.
  And I don't know what the other lights they use in Tokyo  are but it's kind of a cooler creepier lighting in Tokyo.
  Honestly, the only thing that I like more here  about Indiana Jones is Mara.
  Yeah.
  There's a cool crystal skull in that spot where Mara is  but other than that.
  I like Mara much more but.
  But that's it.
  But in terms of like the balance on the scales.
  For Florida.
  So in Indiana Jones.
  Tokyo is definitely better.
  Indiana Jones crystal skull thing is inferior in some way.
  To other Indiana Jones.
  It's just the skull itself.
  When you come in and where Mara usually is,  it's a tinier.
  Oh, I see you're making a joke.
  Oh, I get it.
  I see, I see.
  I'm being serious.
  I'm sorry.
  But that crystal skull predates the movie.
  It does.
  It is no much.
  There's no much.
  But then the big thing and I guess we're getting  the spoilers already so if anyone turn this off  is the fact that and the thing we said on the Indiana Jones  episode is that that last room or the second to last room  really or third to last room whatever where the darts  are happening is lacking.
  Not as much here.
  Yeah, skip that.
  I do know this from a video.
  The thing that happens in there rules.
  You guys know more than me because you went in person  but I'm so excited to experience it.
  And you don't want us to like watch it.
  I didn't know.
  Just describe it.
  I didn't know either.
  I didn't watch it.
  Skip ahead if you don't.
  The bigger spoiler section will come soon  because I have to leave for dinner.
  Sure.
  So the and wine.
  Look at his lips again.
  The new joke is that Scott's a wino.
  This will stick to my infinite torment.
  So instead of the dart room.
  What do we got?  No, there's a dart.
  There is a dart room.
  But at the end of the dart room.
  Start of the dart room.
  It is?  On the way to the dart room.
  On the way to the dart room.
  Your vehicle stops.
  I'm all turned around.
  Your vehicle stops before the dart room  which is in our Indiana Jones just blank, nothing.
  You just zoom through.
  You stop and there's a smallish Mara,  a kind of head with a giant mouth  that threatens you in Japanese.
  And then much like the effect.
  The crazy bellow.
  I wouldn't begin to know the words.
  I won't do my typical,  take my opportunity to do a bellow.
  But then voice is like this insane high energy scream.
  And we didn't know.
  So to be going through a thing that you know so well  and then having a whole new section or character  or something appear was so cool.
  And it stops.
  And then it's the same effect as I think  on the end of the big thunder refurb  where it's like it shoots fire at you.
  It shoots a fireball at you.
  Yeah.
  And I was genuinely frightened for a moment.
  I was like, ah.
  And then you go into the dart room  and the dart room is the same setup  except there's some dimension to it.
  There's like heads.
  There's three dimensional heads.
  It feels more like they're coming out of the wall  instead of just these 2D skeletons.
  And then all three times we went on  the ball effect immediately works.
  It was seamless.
  The last time I went into Indiana Jones a week ago,  we waited there under Indy for a while.
  We were waiting for something to happen.
  Then all of a sudden, oh, then the lighting starts  and the ball comes in.
  It's cool.
  But for whatever reason, the ride worked perfectly.
  Each time you get off,  Indiana Jones' animatronic is fucked up more.
  His clothes are really ripped and he looks beat up.
  In a way that the one out here doesn't  because I was just looking.
  I made a point to look at him and I'm like,  he looks fine in the California Indiana Jones.
  So like.
  Yeah, he looks real messed up.
  Indiana Jones is so good.
  Great.
  In Tokyo Disney Sea.
  That's very exciting.
  Here, let's do one more thing before I hit the road.
  Tell me about this boat, the ship.
  Oh, the Roosevelt?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay, well, the only,  I'll start by saying the only bit of weirdness  we've had with anyone in Japan  was in the Teddy Roosevelt Lounge.
  He's a real bummer.
  So yeah, there's the big steam ship that's parked  and it's not really like a ship  but it's made to look like it's a real ship  but it's in like the harbor of like old New York  and it's giant and they do like a Mickey review  New York show out in front.
  And I was very excited  because they have the Teddy Roosevelt Lounge  which is what we always saw a theme bar.
  We all are looking for.
  Yeah, you were so excited about it.
  So excited about it.
  And I liked it.
  I think I was very tired.
  I was extra tired that day too.
  And I think I was trying to get some energy back up.
  We weren't seated in the,  That's the bigger thing too.
  In a very cool part.
  We were like right in front of the bar  and there wasn't a lot going on around us.
  Yeah, but the lounge itself,  there's really, I think much,  like we could see the better part.
  We were like, oh, we only were there.
  Yeah, we should have gone back.
  We should have gone back again.
  Five days, we would have been back  to the Teddy Roosevelt Lounge.
  Look, just everybody, you know,  like you all make millions of dollars  if you're in the middle class.
  If you're in the lower class,  I just can't speak to you about it.
  The Moorlocks?  Yeah.
  The Moorlocks and the Eloy?  What?  The what?  The what and the what?  The time machine, the H.
G.
 Wells?  What's the second one?  Oh my God, geez.
  All right.
  I haven't read it, I'm sorry.
  Okay, I thought that was one everyone read in school.
  Nevermind.
  I know Moorlocks from H.
G.
 Wells,  I know Moorlocks from X-Men,  but what did you mean by saying Moorlocks?  The Moorlocks, it's a metaphor for fear  of the working class and the Eloy.
  What are we at?  I can't speak to the proletariat, but.
  120, we're doing fine.
  So we did like two drinks each  and they have such delicious, sugary fruit drinks.
  And the drink menu was so intense.
  There were so many cocktails.
  And what did you get, that cool purple one?  Yeah.
  Oh fuck, what was it called?  The violet.
 I don't know what it was called.
  Do you have a picture of it somewhere?  Yes, I do.
  We'll post a picture of it.
  But like special like purple sugar  or something like around the rim?  It was just amazing.
  Yeah, it was maybe like some kind of lavender syrup maybe?  There was something purple and special  and great about it.
  But they also, I felt like they don't put a lot of alcohol  in the drinks that Toby Disney.
  Well, I mean, you would have been real bummed  and I'm sure you've experienced this before  but we're really being judged for how much we were drinking.
  That's what we think happened.
  I experienced it every podcast.
  You know how it is.
  We had two, so basically what happened  was there's some confusion  and they brought the check after one round  and we just wanted another,  we're gonna have two other drinks.
  And then we tried to flag someone  and like we had an app to write down in English  what we wanted and show it in Japanese  because not everybody speaks English.
  Okay.
  But a lot of people do.
  And most of the time when you're ordering food,  if they don't, you just point to the menu.
  But since it's like, we got a check already,  it was sort of hard to convey.
  No, we want more.
  So we found somebody, like there was a whole confusion  and like another waitress we told we wanted another drink  and then she ran to tell somebody else  and then the other waitress came back and took it away.
  And then there was like an,  the guy who was in charge when he came back  that seemed weird and angry or like, okay, like here you go.
  And then we were like, did we do something?  Are we not supposed to have more than one drink in here?  It was so confusing.
  Cause we hadn't had any weirdness with anyone.
  Everyone is so nice and polite and helpful  like if you're not from the country.
  And for whatever reason, that was the one place  where we were like, what did we do wrong?  So we drank the drink and we're like,  quietly tiptoed out of there.
  I guess we did something wrong.
  Channeling the gruff mannerisms of Teddy Roosevelt himself.
  So we'll post the photos of the drinks  and all the photos from the trip.
  So I like, if we sat in the other cooler area,  I think it would have been better  and just there was some confusion  and we have to look up online  if we like made some faux pas or something.
  Yeah, I don't know what we did.
  Maybe we did something.
  They were really irritated.
  So like in their quiet, respectful way.
  Right, now it wasn't a-  It was just like this energy of we had done something.
  I messed up in asking for another drink and they.
.
.
  I don't even know.
  I have no clue.
  I have no idea about the Qui-Gon gins.
  I'm just choosing to think that was the word  because I'm not obtaining it.
  That is interesting because I think of Japan,  of Japanese culture as a drinking culture of like,  I mean, you can buy beer on the vending machine,  the Japanese whiskies are very good.
  Maybe it was a Disney thing.
  I don't know, yeah.
  Maybe there was just a rule like,  who knows?  I'm not exactly sure.
  Yeah, I mean, yeah, there's people drink.
  It's not a big deal.
  So yeah, I'm not sure.
  I had other cocktails around the resort,  but no one was upset ever other than this one time.
  You already learned it otherwise.
  But Tokyo, for sure, Teddy Roosevelt Lounge is like,  if we had Teddy Roosevelt,  we would be there as much as we were at Carthay, I think.
  Really, really?  Hey, that's nice.
  It's in league with that, okay.
  Yeah, you gotta do it theming-wise and you gotta do it.
  I didn't see the full Mickey New York show.
  At this point, I mean, what do we even,  I'm just gonna say some highlights of things  because there's too much to even talk about.
  There is a-  I think I need to get out of here.
  Oh, you wanna do it now?  Okay.
  So, well, in that case, I survived by chance the rest.
  Easily.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got off a little easier  than the rest of y'all.
  So, hey, this is great.
  Spoil away, listeners, beyond this threshold,  there may be things that you don't want to spoil  for your trip.
 Yeah, we're going in depth on rides now.
  Then, yeah, you guys have at it.
  I won't hold you back, spoil away.
  You better run, when you get to the little run,  because I'm gonna immediately yell the Star Tour stuff.
  Oh, God, okay, okay, I have 30 seconds  to clear out of the room or, well, guys-  Here's what's great about Saintepad.
  Oh, wait, no, okay.
  Here's what we'll do.
  We'll have a 30 second Jimmy Dean sausage discussion  with Jason as a buffer.
  Okay, and that will be the buffer  and a buffer for the listeners as well.
  Guys, this is great, I'm glad you had a good trip.
  I'm glad all of the issues got solved.
  And remember to end the episode at some point.
  I'm gonna sneak out of here.
  Without you here- We all live here, so.
  Without you here- Listeners, I have nothing to,  you can't blame me at this point.
  Here, I'll put the mic towards the ground  so you can hear me walk away.
  Okay, bye, guys.
  All right, so Jason.
  All right, what questions you got?  All right, so do you think that you ate those sausage  like once a week or like five a week?  Like how often were you eating the Jimmy Dean sausage?  Yes, excellent question.
  I think because they were microwavable and quick to make,  I would eat them a lot of weekdays.
  So I don't think five, but maybe three or four.
  Wow, that's a lot.
  That's too many.
  It's too many.
  You got the candy in your mouth right now,  which is funny too.
  This is the longest lasting hard candy I've ever had.
  It is shrunk so little.
  Five stars.
 It is so delightful.
  Yeah, five stars on this candy.
  Okay, I know I haven't talked about this,  but the other thing, lunch,  I was a very weird lunch kid in elementary school.
  Like I didn't buy lunch at school until like middle school.
  I think 30 seconds is up though.
  Okay.
  There was one year I took an egg salad every day for a year.
  Wow.
  And I got choked.
  We'll get to that later.
  We'll get to that at a different one.
  It's not as weird as the Jimmy Dean.
  All right, Star Tours line, spoiler time.
  There's an extra room when you wait in the queue,  which is themed and very cool.
  But the big thing is we walk around the corner  in the Star Tours queue,  and there are three hitchhiking robots,  three hitchhiking droids.
  And we were like, whoa, wow.
  We were blown away.
  That was so cool.
  As in Haunted Mansion.
  Haunted Mansion.
  Hitchhiking.
  Oh yeah, sorry.
  I think it's nerds that listen to this show.
  They know.
  What if it's the first time?  Fair enough.
  Did know about, I forgot about that,  but I had seen that picture.
  I'll hit some highlights here.
  Country Bears Vacation Jamboree.
  Holy shit.
  So fucking funny.
  I understand that it's the same show,  just some of it's in Japanese,  as they used to do in Disneyland.
  They used to do the shows,  three different shows in Disneyland,  which they don't do in Florida.
  But it's the Vacation Jamboree.
  They sing like Garth Brooks,  and they sing like On the Road Again,  and they're all in little fun outfits,  and like scuba gear, and bathing suits.
  And it is, we saw it twice.
  We should have seen it more.
  If we did the five days,  we would have seen it two more times.
  I think the highlight for me is,  I wish they all could be California Bears,  instead of girls.
  It was great.
  The Sunbonnet Trio is singing California Bears.
  So good.
  Oh, although there's the song with,  and I don't remember all the bears names,  cause you haven't quizzed me as often.
  But he's like having an affair with like a squid.
  Oh, I've seen that.
  He had a summer fling with like a squid, I think.
  Yeah, that is sort of what the idea is,  is that this bear is having a romance with a squid.
  Which bear was that?  It's not Henry.
  It's a-  Is it Wendell?  I think it's Wendell.
  It's the second one.
  The second-  Pretty sure Jason's right, it's Wendell.
  Box over from the end.
  Whoever usually is there.
  Wendell is the one you thought you were.
  Yeah.
  Really?  I don't see you as a that bear.
  I'm liver lips?  No.
  Okay.
  All right, let's keep moving.
  It's not Wendell.
  I'll look it up.
  I'll look it up.
  So, well, I guess tell me highlights.
  Let's go park by park.
  So let's start with Tokyo Disneyland,  cause I know DisneySea is something.
  So we get to Tokyo Disneyland  and their main street has like kind of a roof  over the top of it.
  And it's interesting and different.
  And as we're walking down main street,  all of a sudden streamers shoot out of this big-  Pop out of this kind of place setting thing  in the center of main street.
  And children and adults run towards the streamers.
  Towards this big center piece.
  And the theme of Tokyo Disneyland starts,  like the 35th anniversary.
  Dun, dun, dun.
  Like that big over-  I love that song.
  Like overarching song theme that they play a lot now  cause of this 35th anniversary starts playing.
  And it truly felt like we walked into magic.
  Like it really felt as we walked into some amazing place.
  Do you have that song up?  You should play a bit of that song.
  This is your world, come play inside.
  This is the story that we'll write.
  These are your friends, they light the way.
  A different adventure, brand new day.
  They call that entrance to the park World Bazaar.
  It's not a main street.
  Oh yes, yeah, World Bazaar.
  And it's covered too.
  Yeah, it's a big awning.
  Yeah, a big iron awning.
  So yeah, so that was immediately,  that was such a cool way to enter.
  I'm trying to think others.
  Do you have questions or do you want me to-  Well, I think it, I mean-  You got the man-  I'm realizing how funny it is now that Scott is like,  I can't believe we haven't gotten to Tokyo Disney stuff yet,  but like he doesn't want to hear any of this.
  I know.
  Drew.
 It's okay.
  Interesting to me, I mean, you didn't write it,  but the train in Tokyo Disneyland only goes through-  Right, because it can't be a full loop.
  It can't be a full loop, another transit,  Japanese transit thing, the way I understand it.
  Yes, yeah, it's weird.
  If it's a full loop, then it's legit transit.
  If it's a full loop, I think it would have to charge.
  Right, they would have had to pay, yeah.
  Yeah, it's weird.
  So it hits up Adventureland, Westernland,  which they call frontier land,  and a little bit of crater country.
  I'm just gonna go off stuff that I noticed  that I find interesting or cool.
  I find it interesting that certain rides  are the Disneyland version,  certain rides are the Disney World version.
  So Pirates is the Disneyland version,  but it's like a minute cut.
  So it's actually kind of, I don't know, kind of cool.
  Yeah, I didn't have a problem with that minute.
  You zoom a little through it,  there's a blue by which I didn't realize.
  So like it's the same sort of intro vibe, which is cool,  and then you do the drops,  and I was like, oh, that's cool.
  Disneyland version of Space Mountain.
  Great, the best.
  And that's the best one too.
  I hate that Florida Space Mountain.
  I refuse to go on right now.
  I'll go on it anytime.
  It hurts my back.
  But Haunted Mansion, Florida version.
  Interesting.
  But we went on with the Nightmare Before Christmas overlay.
  Oh.
  They do that there.
  Because they'd already started Halloween stuff.
  So it was interesting seeing, and there were more,  there was like an extra couple Sally animatronics,  or at least one.
  Which we were both like, as there should be.
  Yeah, Sally is hardly in.
  She's a huge part of the plot of Nightmare Before Christmas.
  They added like a static one to the graveyard out here.
  But there's like a moving Sally,  big Sally at the start of this one.
  So it was interesting seeing the Nightmare Before Christmas  overlay on the Florida version,  because you never see that.
  That's a nerdy thing to say,  but that's what I found that interesting.
  That is very interesting.
  But it's very similar to the one in Disneyland.
  Looking at the map,  I'm amazed how much of Toontown they replicated.
  Yeah, and we barely spent any time there.
  We walked around a bit.
  Yeah, we did a quick walk through.
  But yes, a lot of it's similar.
  Toontown is never our priority though.
  Sure.
  Right, yeah.
  So a lot of Toontown.
  One of the highlights.
  Oh, that restaurant next to,  was that what you were gonna say?  We barely talked about food at all.
  Yeah, for one thing,  the quality of all food in Japan is so much better.
  And I don't know if it's because it's more farm to table,  because there's just not as much ground to cover.
  They probably have stricter standards  about preservatives.
  And I don't know, but everything was better.
  And I have a big problem with seafood.
  I don't like it.
  I'm a big baby about trying new things.
  And still, but everything I would eat was so much better.
  Yeah, and this is just tangential.
  Now we're talking food.
  All the packaging at Tokyo Disney,  specific restaurant packaging for the food.
  So we went in the Camp Woodchuck area  to eat in Disneyland.
  And whatever, the burger as a wrapper,  and it's got the Junior Woodchucks,  Huey, Doomy, and Louie, and it's cute little art.
  Wonderful.
  And Duffy area in Tokyo Disney Sea is Duffy specific.
  And the trays, right?  The trays too, yeah.
  So stuff like detail.
  Yeah, it wasn't all 35th anniversary stuff.
  It'll be like blanket here in the States.
  Now here's a knock.
  All of the drink sizes are smaller.
  Which I fully support.
  Which you were totally fine.
  But I was like a true disgusting American  Wanted your big old soda drinks.
  Griping about the fact that I couldn't get  a big large iced tea or a big large soda.
  And it was everywhere in Japan.
  Like a large was not.
  Because you want that caffeine kick.
  No, Michael is not a caffeine person at all.
  I like idols true.
  He just likes a big drink and he likes to chew the ice.
  I like to chew the ice and I like business.
  I like keeping myself occupied.
  Instead of smoking.
  Yes it is.
  You have a big drink.
  Absolutely, it's the same thing.
  You're right.
  I like having a big drink.
  I like it just to do something.
  Especially if you're anxious or nervous.
  Having a lot of it means it lasts longer.
  And then having more of it means there's more ice to chew.
  Yeah, whereas I'm just constantly  chewing the skin off my lips.
  For sure.
  Oh yeah, I do that.
  That's what I do.
  So yeah, we could not get.
  So basically a medium was a large there as far as a drink.
  So that's one of the only things I was complaining about.
  But I was like damn right, they should be smaller.
  Well sure, of course.
  Too much sugar.
  I could have gotten used to it with a few more weeks.
  Did you have any of the sugary kind of boba drinks there?  Or the popcorn?  I know there's popcorn keys on the map.
  I was not blown away by the strength of the flavors.
  Because I got a chocolate popcorn.
  And it smelled so good.
  It smelled like buttery chocolate through the air.
  Pulled me to the little cart.
  And then I got it and it barely tasted like anything.
  It was a real shame.
  Yeah, I had some of it.
  It was not bad though.
  It was just I think the smell probably built it up.
  Yes, very high expectations because of that smell  wafting through the air.
  I found a picture of the purple drink from the.
  I don't think I took one.
  Roosevelt.
  I think you took it.
  Look, it was so delicious.
  That is like made for you.
  Well, Lindsay got it.
  It was in the wine.
  I got it twice because I think.
  No, maybe I took it.
  I had a nice little scoop of ice cream and a little cone.
  Perfectly cylindrical.
  Everything is perfect in a creepy way.
  It's in my Google history, violet fizz.
  Oh, violet fizz, there you go.
  It was so good.
  Everything there, food shape wise,  I almost found it to a creepy degree is perfect.
  Like ice cream, but even like we got.
  First of all, they have a lot of curry there, which is cool.
  We ate curry in Agrabah in Tokyo Disney Sea.
  We ate curry in Frontierland.
  That was always my favorite meal.
  And like the curry was good,  but like everything looks perfect.
  Like it's like there's a uniform look to the meal itself  and it must look exactly the same.
  So they like even like everything is just.
  I'm into that like curry and rice.
  I wish that was a staple in America.
  Oh my gosh, so great.
  Yeah, we were eating watching the parade in Frontierland.
  Yeah, so there was just better food in the park.
  Did you get the buns or the mochi  that looks like the little green aliens from Toy Story?  No.
  That's adorable and no.
  I got a Gudetama mochi though.
  Oh, wonderful.
  And it was pretty good.
  So the restaurant Lindsay was referring to  is a big highlight of the first day we were there.
  Next to Splash Mountain is Grandma Sarah's Kitchen.
  Oh yeah.
  And that's.
  It was so good.
  I mean the restaurant, the food was good,  but the restaurant was good.
  And it's like Grandma Sarah, which is like, what is she?  She's the possum?  She's an old possum that's like an animatronic  on Splash Mountain.
  And it's a fully themed Splash Mountain restaurant.
  I did not know it existed.
  We were running around in there.
  It's two floors and it's fully,  it looks like Splash Mountain.
  The walls look like Splash Mountain  and it looks like Grandma Sarah lives there.
  And her husband, her old husband who's a farmer  is on the wall here on the bathroom.
  That's good because she's just standing  with little possums in the ride.
  And I was always concerned she was a widow.
  No, no.
  Here's me and her husband.
  Question finally answered.
  Oh, he's a working man.
  They've got a little statue there.
  He's sleeping.
  Oh, not working too hard.
  Not too hard.
  But we were running around there like,  oh my God, this is the greatest.
  There's so many levels and details.
  Yes, and it's just fantastic.
  Also just like a slight side note,  I think on the culture at large,  but everything was so much quieter  in the food service area  because people weren't tossing things around  and doing things as quickly as possible.
  Everything is just done with so much more care.
  So it's like a plate,  everything is lifted and moved with two hands  and set on the plate and then carefully lifted  and handed over.
  Everything is done with two hands.
  You hand over your card, they take it with two hands.
  They hand back your receipt and the card with two hands.
  Everything is just so deliberately done.
  I miss it.
  I'm sure we did,  we handed people things and it was offensive.
  Yeah, and they have little trays  and I think that's where you're supposed to set your card.
  Like you're not supposed to hand it off or something.
  I'm sure I just was like.
  I think I did it every time.
  Like Randy Quaid from Vacation.
  Did you find,  it doesn't sound like you experienced much culture shock  or friction or anything.
  No, I was very,  I really expected a culture shock.
  There was one restaurant we went,  but when not in,  first of all, if you're in Disney,  everything is idiot English person food.
  All these maps are English.
  Yeah, so like one restaurant we went to,  we thought there was no English  and we just had to point to a picture on the menu  because no one spoke English.
  Then we realized there was an English part of the menu  that we hadn't seen until we ordered.
  But that was literally the only restaurant.
  I can't even remember which.
  This was the one where we were walking down  the like kind of narrow area,  excuse me, area ways or pathways, alleyways,  really what I was looking to say.
  Yeah, there we go.
  And I'm an idiot.
  And we went into that place with the ramen  with the tomato soup.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We couldn't figure out how to order  because there was no English.
  It felt so dumb.
  And then we were just like pointed at one thing  that had a picture.
  But it was like the thing everyone was getting anyway.
  Right, not a big deal.
  But then we realized there was English  on another part of the menu.
  So most, even the smaller places,  obviously I think if you go outside of the city,  it's probably a little harder.
  But like everything is so geared to America.
  And so many people at least speak a little English.
  Did you have any allergy issues?  I know you.
  I did avoid the baked goods  because I am allergic to treat nuts.
  So yeah, I just didn't wanna deal with it  on top of all the other things I was dealing with.
  Yeah, I feel like there's no way  we actually can get into everything here.
  But like we're just trying to go.
  Yeah, so what, so Disney Sea.
  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  We're not there yet.
  Pooh's Honey Hut.
  Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, it's so good.
  That's what the word was always that Pooh,  the Pooh ride there was so much better than the one here.
  Trackless ride system.
  And boy is it better.
  Far exceeded my expectations.
  Yeah, not that I knew a lot going in,  but my expectations just of like Disney dark ride type thing  in general, just what I would expect to be in the park  that is like that same type of ride.
  Yeah, it felt like a game changer-y kind of ride.
  Not that it's like so big or long,  but it's just the system itself.
  Because you're on a wifi and you're not on a track  and you basically come in in a row of three cars  and it feels like all the cars are connected  because the way they move.
  So you load in and so it feels like any other ride where-  It's just gliding around.
  It feels, yeah, but it feels like I think my initial thought  was like, oh, okay, you're in these three line,  like these cars and they just kind of move in this formation.
  But as soon as you're out of the loading area,  all three cars split apart in a very exciting way.
  So like immediately you go, whoa, what is this?  Yeah, so instead of like following in a usual line,  you split up and all of them turn  and are next to each other now facing the same screen.
  Great.
  There's like a cool screen.
  Everything also, the line is so much,  there's no queue out here at all for the Poo ride.
  It's just outdoors.
  But also no one goes on it ever,  so it doesn't really need one.
  Well, but that's because it's not as good.
  No, I know.
  I go on it a lot because there usually is not a line.
  You go on the, but yeah, you go on,  like there's a cool storybook outside  where it looks like the people walking through the line  are in the story if you're looking outside.
  Yeah, we're like inside the pages.
  And then inside it's like Christopher Robin's room  and like you walk into the store, like the line is so cool.
  And then the ride itself is just,  it feels so free.
 So fun.
  It feels like there's different paths you can go on.
  Yeah, you're just like whirling around and yeah, it does.
  It feels just like so open and smooth and.
  It does feel like you're living in it  more than a normal ride on a track  because it's like, it doesn't feel so linear.
  Yeah, you're exploring all through it  instead of just moving at a steady pace through the room.
  And then you're getting into the Heffalump and Woozle room.
  And I guess this is the last thing I'll say  because we could talk about this forever  is that the Heffalump and Woozle room  is a big fun zooming in and out party  between like four or five cars  and then a car full of Heffalump and Woozles.
  Full of the Heffalumps and Woozles.
  Yes.
  That is all of a sudden spinning around  with you and the other two cars.
  In the same ride, Vicar.
  As well it's on the ride too.
  It pops in and out.
  What?  Jason's making googly eyes.
  Yes, I agree.
  We went, oh look, there's a car  of just the Heffalumps and Woozles.
  That's so great.
  Yeah, as if they were riding with us.
  Yeah, so like that one really, we did it twice  and that one blew us away.
  Yeah, that was one where there was just like,  my eyes lit up and there was a smile  on my face the whole time.
  That one was really awesome.
  All the rides they take better,  like we went in Peter Pan  and I had been in Peter Pan six months ago or something.
  And the track feels like there's a part in the track  when you come down and like.
  It's a little jerky.
  It's jerky and you go, oh, and I go,  hopefully this is not gonna fall apart.
  Not any of that.
  The track was perfect.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, everything is just really kept up.
  So it feels newer, even though it's not that new.
  I knew what Jason was saying.
  Oh, I was gonna say, I showed you this earlier,  but on the map I have,  the Monsters Inc Ride and Go Seek ride,  the description delighted me and it just says,  board a train and search for the funny monsters.
  That's it, wonderful.
  Funny monsters.
  Yes, it's fair.
  This ride was a little underwhelming.
  Yeah, I heard people talked it up,  but then, and the animatronics are all very good,  but it's a ride where you have like flashlights.
  It's like a Buzz Lightyear style thing.
  But there's no points, you don't score points,  but you shine the flashlight  and then like stuff happens kind of.
  You're supposed to find the monsters  and when you shine the light on them,  they like pop up and reveal themselves.
  But it was like not that satisfying when it happened.
  Yeah, it was not satisfying.
  And it was like in a similar way  where I was criticizing Men in Black,  which is a much slower, I think more satisfying ride.
  It felt like there wasn't even time  to enjoy the animatronics while you're trying  to figure out what to put your flashlight on.
  That seems to me like some of the Harry Potter  like RFID wand effects,  where it's like the effect is cool,  but you see kids like flicking their wrists  like five times to like try and get it to work.
  Yeah, I mean a little bit of that.
  I mean at least though,  that is just like one thing to focus on.
  That's true.
  This is just your two, like.
  Yeah, it was too task oriented.
  Yeah, and again, it's like too fast.
  It was too fast to sort of enjoy it.
  But it was not bad.
  It was not a bad ride.
  Space Mountain has the Spawn logo font for some reason.
  I'll post a picture of that.
  Wow.
 Oh yeah.
  I don't know that it's exactly that,  but it looks like that to me.
  It's a very 90s looking font.
  That hits me right in the.
  You got emotional.
  Yeah, right in the heart.
  It's in your eye when I said Spawn.
  90s comic character Spawn.
  Tokyo Disney itself, Disneyland itself is cool.
  The shows we went to see, Party Grah, Let's Party Grah.
  Oh.
  We were never,  we never got there in time to get a good seat for anything.
  We needed to get there at 8 a.
m.
 every day.
  But every show was very cool.
  One of the weirdest things is that we,  Let's Party Grah.
  Oh yeah.
  Jose and Donald come out back  sort of toward the back of the theater  and they kind of clown around with people that are watching.
  Cause we watch not inside the theater,  but outside the theater.
  You can still see pretty well.
  Jose and Donald walk around and they kind of clown around.
  They say like, be quiet.
  Don't show, don't tell the people  that are in the theater we're here.
  And I have video and pictures of this to prove it.
  Is that all of a sudden Donald,  I don't remember which order it went.
  Donald starts patting Jose's back down  and then he starts just patting him on the butt.
  Like fluffing up his little.
  Fluffing up his tail on his butt.
  Really he's got to go on.
  He wants to make sure the butt looks good.
  Yeah, and then Jose turns Donald around  and starts doing the same thing.
  So I have pictures of.
  Fluffing each other's butts.
  So I have pictures of Jose and Donald  fluffing each other's butts,  which was very funny and weird.
  Jungle Cruise very good.
  I'll say this Jungle Cruise very good.
  I like it better than the one out in Disneyland.
  It's similar to the Florida one.
  Yeah, all right.
  I guess we go to Disney now.
  Cause I feel like we're racing against the clock.
  I mean, where to, I mean, tell me what you,  Tower of Terror, Big Band Beat.
  Oh, big, oh, oof, oof, oof.
  Guys, I'm sorry.
  I feel frantic right now.
  You are talking fast.
  Well, this is the problem.
  Like Scott, again, Scott was like,  when are we going to get to it?  And it's like, well, we want to,  like we're, we need to rush through everything,  but it's all going to be a spoiler.
  Yeah, right, right.
  And also the two days, like going for two days.
  I mean, God bless you.
  That's just shit on Scott now that he's gone.
  There's so much stuff we're talking about.
  You need more than two days, my goodness.
  So yeah, so.
  Well, with him gone, we can draw up the shirt  someone suggested of Scott is wrong again.
  Yeah, we'll do that.
  We like Scott.
  We all take turns playing the villain and the fool  and the hero of this podcast.
  We all make fun of each other.
  So we got into Tokyo Disney Sea  and it is really, your brain has to figure out,  what am I looking at?  Yeah.
  There's a big volcano in the distance  and it's a giant, massive, like water,  body of water right there.
  And which we come to learn, I didn't even realize,  there is a hotel when you walk in.
  Miracosta, Hotel Miracosta.
  And it's staying in there.
  I guess that slipped by me  when I was reading about this stuff.
  It's expensive.
  It is expensive.
  But it is staying inside the park.
  And we didn't realize it until we were leaving  and everybody staying at the hotel does this cute thing  where they turn their flashlights on their phones  and they just wave at all the people leaving.
  And so then everybody leaving pulls out their phones  with their flashlights and waves back at the people.
  It was so cute.
  Jason's eyes again going wide.
  It was just this sweet exchange of all these strangers  saying goodbye.
  You're lucky if you can get someone  staying at the Grand Californian on the balconies  to blast a big plume from their jewels, from their face.
  Let alone wave.
  No, everyone does it.
  Cause we were like, wait,  cause it was before we even realized that was the hotel.
  We were like, oh, are those just people hanging?  What is up there?  And then we're like, oh, it's a hotel.
  Yeah, you were like, is someone in an office?  Oh, it's a five star hotel.
  Yeah, those especially the park view rooms.
  Oh my gosh, I'm sure.
  Incredible.
  Yeah.
  A grand tonight, two grand and like something.
  Yeah, at least.
  So then, yeah, we went in there.
  Which we of course did because we have so much money.
  That's true.
  Well, sure.
  Yeah, that's how we can do four days.
  So we want- Crazy to hear someone, not me,  complaining about money on the podcast.
  That was an experience I don't often have.
  That's true.
  You're usually the miser of the three.
  Yes.
  So we walked.
  It's also like everything's forest perspective too.
  So like when we were, it was another day  where I was still recuperating from having a little cold  and I remember going, how long is the walk gonna be  to the volcano?  And it's not as long as you think it is,  but it is still a bit of a walk.
  I think California Adventure, what did we say,  is like five acres bigger than California Adventure  or Disneyland or something?  Oh yeah, it was like-  It's like-  I should look it up.
  It was like much bigger.
  It was like at least a quarter bigger.
  Yeah, so it is a lot of-  No, it was like a third bigger.
  Hold on.
  Closer to like an Epcot in size  than like a California Adventure in size, it sounds like.
  So California Adventure size is 72 acres  and Tokyo Disney size is 121 acres.
  Okay, so I said four acres, Jesus, 50 acres.
  Oh, 50 acres.
  Is more than California Adventure.
  And you can see Tokyo Bay in the distance.
  There's a sea wall, but the ocean is there.
  It was right there.
  You can see the ocean.
  There's a fake ocean and then a real ocean.
  Yeah.
  It's great, I mean, I love any sorts of nature,  bodies of water, and especially the kinetic energy  of like boats and trains and stuff in the parks.
  That is what to me is a thing that's really special.
  What a delightful statement.
  The kinetic energy of the boats and trains.
  That's what goes back to the Devil in the White City.
  It was a big focus of the Chicago Ferris  that we have to have a lot of movements  and colors and lights and nature altogether.
  Yeah, it's what a lot of Imagineers talk about it.
  And I'm sure, I think Walt for sure talked about it too,  because having a lot of modes of transportation  in parks and areas makes it feel alive.
  Which is like, yeah, why Tomorrowland out here sucks  because the people mover's not running.
  And there was so much movement,  it makes everything feel so much cooler and bustling.
  Side note, there is a biography  of the environmental designer  who planned the World's Fair Park.
  This Chicago one?  Is it landscape architect?  Is that the term? Maybe that's what, yeah, yeah.
  Landscape architect.
 That guy seemed fascinated.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He was like the fifth main character of the book.
  So the first thing we did is we went to  the 20,000 Leagues ride.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
  Well, we rushed to get our fast passes for Journey.
  To the center of the earth.
  So you go to the like.
  This is the thing I have been sitting on  since the 20,000 Leagues episode.
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  The ride system of the Tokyo 20,000 Leagues  is so much more efficient.
  Oh my gosh.
  It's so cool.
  There's no giant body of water to tend to.
  It's just bubbles and water.
  In a screen.
 In the screen.
  The window, not the screen.
 In the window.
  It's so much smarter.
  It's brilliant.
 It's so much more sustainable.
  And it also made it actually feel more fun.
  Oh yeah, and you can see more.
  Yeah, because it's just,  you can get the effects of going underwater  without the actual boringness of going underwater.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  So yeah, I mean, like the only,  yeah, so you're, it's basically like Peter Pan.
  You're on the, I think, right?  Similar like down into.
 So you're hung from the ceiling.
  Yes, the track is above you.
  Yeah, which is very, very smart.
  And like, I got a little scared.
  The lights went out in the first time.
  There's like a, like a electric eel shocks you.
  And you're not like strapped in either, which is fun.
  Yeah.
  It's not like you're getting bumped around a lot.
  And everybody's like not facing each other.
  Everybody's facing out in a circle around.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  So yeah, so we did that.
  There's an octopus in there, which is fun.
  And then like you get carried by fairies.
  They save you at the end.
  The only gripe I would have with that is I was like,  I wanted like a crazy giant monster at the end or something.
  Yeah.
 There wasn't like a good big,  I don't know what the word I'm looking for is,  but like a big.
  Well, like the boulder at the end of Indiana Jones.
  You want a big moment.
  Yeah, there's not a big, I guess, set piece.
  Yeah.
 That's good.
  Yeah.
 So.
 Same with Journey.
  Well, look, let's just, now that you mentioned.
  So Journey was the one, I didn't know anything about it.
  I do know there was some sort of monster.
  Do you've read about it?  Yeah.
 I, that one is interesting to me  because it uses the test track, that ride system  that's used on test track and radar, springs, racers.
  Is that right?  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which is, I always think that is an interesting choice  because that is so a malfunction pro.
  Yeah.
 And it did.
  It was, yeah.
  It broke down when we.
  Because we, the last thing we tried to do before we left  was go on Journey one more time.
  We had a fast pass for it and it broke down.
  Yeah.
 Right at the end of the time.
  And we sat waiting there for 50.
  We only had such a time crunch there to get to the airport  and it was like, we can wait for 10 minutes  to, but it did not open.
  That was.
 And I think we even,  we're like, we can wait for 10 minutes  and still be waited for like 20, just hoping.
  Yeah, I know.
  It was very sad.
 That was the half day  you had to get to the airport.
  Yes, right.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Is that easy?  And is it close, the airport to Tokyo Bay?  The resort is not close, but.
  The train.
  We didn't take a train.
  We took a bus.
 Oh yeah, we took a bus.
  There's a bus, they have a bus system and it's like 10 bucks  and it's just a bus takes you right to the airport.
  Yeah, directly from the hotel.
  And it's very simple.
  That's cheaper than any ways  to get to the Los Angeles airport.
  Oh yeah.
 Absolutely.
  So yeah, Journey in the Center of the Earth,  it's got a bunch of cool Jules Verne shit in the line.
  The ride vehicle is what you're saying.
  It's the Trestrak cars,  but it looks like this cool steampunky drill thing.
  And it's very cool.
  So we went on and my expectations were too high.
  Way too high.
  Because you're going through underground things  and there's some robots and fun.
  Everything was amazing.
  And it had just such a disappointing end.
  Yeah, so yeah, we're going through which,  I don't know the exact number of rooms,  but you go through three or four rooms  and it's a very cool vibe.
  I don't know, maybe there's some music.
  I think there's some music on it.
  Probably.
  And it feels very much like that first part of Big Thunder  where you're going through,  ooh, these are cool caves.
  And the ambiance is very cool.
  And then all of a sudden there's a problem  and you're racing a little faster through it.
  And then you zoom by this crazy, awesome lava monster.
  And at that point, I think we both felt,  oh wow.
 Oh, now the ride really begins.
  This is going to be amazing.
  Because I expected we're going to blow through rocks  and we're going to be in a room now  where it's lava everywhere,  like the Indiana Jones drawbridge or something.
  And then basically right after you hit that monster,  you shoot out into air.
  In a really fun drop.
  Oh yeah, in a fun little short drop into the open air.
  And you can see that from when you're standing around  in the mysterious island area.
  You shoot back through some rocks  and there's nothing really to see in there.
  And then you shoot your back out in the open air again  and the ride is over.
  Yeah, I expected it to be like,  oh God, I just forgot what I was going to compare it to.
  But you think once you encounter the lava monster  and you hit that first drop,  that then, oh, I guess I expected it to be  like Space Mountain after that.
  Where you're climbing, climbing, climbing, climbing, climbing.
  Lava monster scares you and you zoom away  on a longer experience.
  Yes, that is what-  With a bunch of turns and drops and stuff.
  Yes, I think that's absolutely what I expected  just from cool ride pacing and then expectations  from how cool everything else is and theming and stuff.
  So again, it's a good ride.
  It's just that was always what everyone was talking about.
  That's the crown jewel of Tokyo Disney Sea  and it felt like half of an amazing ride.
  Yeah, exactly.
  So it was like, ah, ah.
  Yeah, because you're like, oh man,  what crazy shit is going to happen now?  And it's like, no, nothing.
  No crazy shit.
  But there is a ride that you both have alluded to.
  Oh, well, hold on a second.
  Oh, okay.
  I just wanted to say-  I thought that was such a good segue.
  It was a good segue.
  You did a good job, but unfortunately-  Yeah, no, no, no fault to you.
  I just wanted to mention that both of these two rides  are in the mysterious island,  which might be the most impressive area to stand in  because you're in the middle of a volcano and mountains  and they got steam venting constantly.
  Yeah, it's cool.
  I have-  And it seems like there's a huge drill  in the center of it.
  Yes, and there's like Nautilus.
  I think there's a Nautilus sort of parked down there  and like you walk kind of down to 20,000 leagues.
  All of that is so cool and just such a weird,  like where am I kind of a situation.
  So now you segue.
  Well, I have to ask, did you have the goyosa dog?  No.
  No, it's essentially a hot dog or a sausage in the-  I know, I saw it.
  I think we saw it, yeah.
  Oh, I will.
  So here, I'll help set it up even more.
  So then when you leave the crap,  what is that area called?  Mysterious Island.
  Mysterious Island.
  Then you walk out into a further area with,  it's like what's the first thing you see  when you walk out of the Mysterious Island area?  Is it Ariel?  Yeah.
  Is it the sea area?  Yeah, there's an Ariel's area basically,  whatever you call it.
  It's, let's see the official,  a mermaid lagoon is the official name.
  Yeah.
  And it's kind of an indoor area  and it's got a fun mermaid show that we saw.
  It looks awesome on the outside.
  It looks like King Triton's castle.
  Yeah.
  So what do you, is that your-  And then you keep going and you reach,  what is that area called with the Aladdin stuff?  Agrabah.
  The Arabian coast.
  Arabian coast, yeah.
  And so then that brings up-  What Jason was segueing into  and now we're here finally.
  Yeah.
  Oh, you want me to just go?  We were trying to let you do it again.
  Yeah.
  But that's fine, I'll do it.
  Okay, I didn't have the official-  It's okay.
  I'm sorry.
  Sinbad's storybook voyage.
  Okay, so we heard from our friend Andrew  because he had a day in Tokyo Disney  and he did all the big stuff  and he said, you have to go on Sinbad.
  And I had no, like Scott was saying,  I had no idea what Sinbad was.
  I didn't know that it was there.
  I said, okay, we'll just go on Sinbad.
  Well, it's based on a stunt show in Universal.
  No, it's not.
  Sinbad and his sidekick, Kebab.
  It is not, there's no Kebab.
  Kebab is the character sidekick.
  Oh, okay.
  So we went on Sinbad and you get in a boat  and there was no weight.
  So much at this resort has just massive weight.
  So many rides have massive weights.
  Not Sinbad, it's a boat ride.
  You get like right on.
  Immediately you feel like, oh, it's Small World.
  I can see the scale of all the animatronics,  it's like everyone thinks small.
  And you're like, okay, like what?  I basically got in the boat going like,  okay, it might be a good Small World ride or something.
  But then this music swells.
  So yeah, immediately you're going on the boat ride  and there's music swelling  and you don't realize it right away.
  But you go through a normal town and hey, you're like Sinbad  and he's got this fun, cheery voice.
  Good luck Sinbad and everybody in the town  is out to see him off.
  People are dancing, people are holding signs,  have a good voyage.
  And like it's a very like classic setup  of I don't know, Disney movie-ish kind of a thing.
  My hero's journey begins.
  Right and I think it was scene two or three on the ride.
  And I didn't, I think what I said to you is I turned  and I went, I really like this Sinbad guy.
  Yeah and here's, I think I do remember when it happened  and here is for me the moment where I went, okay.
  And it was when you leave him, you leave the little town  and you are about to get out onto a rocky sea  and it's like storming and you see Sinbad  standing on his boat.
  Oh yeah.
  And it's like clouds and ominous.
  And when you go through the little tunnel,  it all of a sudden rains on you.
  Like there's this like, it kind of, yeah,  it kind of like hits you with some rain as you go through.
  And I was like, well, that was a surprise.
  And then you see Sinbad singing this song that plays  Yes.
  Plays through the rest of the ride.
  And I think a little after that,  and so he's singing this exciting song  about going on this journey.
  And I think that's when you turned to me  and you were like, I really like Sinbad.
  And I met him, because I met it personally at the time.
  I didn't mean the ride.
  I meant that this character Sinbad after three scenes,  I had it like, I felt a very strong connection to him.
  I was like, this guy feels like a friend of mine now.
  Or maybe it was just before he saves the birds.
  Yeah, maybe.
  Yeah.
  After the mermaids help him on the ride.
  So there's just like, so it very much is a small world  like ride system, you're on a boat  and there's little tiny characters,  but all the robots are great.
  All, so basically the idea of the ride is,  and we'll do a full two hours on it,  is that you're going into scenes  where Sinbad has just done something great  and saved something, saved somebody, helped somebody.
  And you're sort of seeing the aftermath and he's like,  look what I just did.
  I like, and he's singing this wonderful little song.
  And like, there's a scene with like a big genie  and it like, or an ogre.
  Ogre, yeah.
  And it's the best scene in the whole ride.
  And he's playing a little,  Sinbad's playing this little guitar.
  Yeah.
  And the genie's playing a big bass,  like, and they're singing to each other from across the way.
  And you're like, what the hell?  Yeah, and the ogre is huge.
  He's so, the robot is fantastic.
  And he's a really good animatronic, yeah.
  Yeah, so like we go through the whole thing  and it was a situate, like we felt like high from it.
  And like, we were trying to even sort out  what was going on.
 It was another like wide-eyed,  huge smile on my face the whole time.
  Like, what is this?  This song is amazing.
  So yeah, so we were getting, we're going down the stairs  and you're like, that's the thing you said on the ride.
  You're like, what song is this?  Who is this from?  Another thing?  So you're Googling it and you're like,  it's Alan fucking Menken.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's an original composition for that ride.
  Yeah, for the ride.
  I had no clue.
  It didn't originate with the ride.
  Right, I had no clue of this.
  Yep.
  So we're like, oh, I see now why that song is incredible.
  It's an Alan Menken song.
  Yeah, because immediately it felt like something  you knew from childhood.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And it's like, it's maybe the best dance song.
  I said maybe next to Party World,  the best song he's ever written.
  It's called Compass of Your Heart.
  And you played it before.
  We were driving.
  I did, I played it for you.
  When we were driving down to Disneyland,  you're like, listen to this.
  Because you bought the two disc.
  Three.
  Three disc soundtrack set for the 35th anniversary  of Tokyo Disney.
  But it was not on there.
  It's not on there.
  It's not?  Not on there.
  I played it off of YouTube for you.
  You played it off of YouTube?  You bought it like hoping it would be on there.
  Yeah.
  And you were trying to find the 12 disc.
  Yes, they didn't have it at the resort.
  Yeah, we went to multiple gift shops for that.
  People tried so hard to help me  when I showed them pictures of it  and they were like, no, we don't know.
  So yeah, so we went in Sinbad three times.
  And it's mostly in Japanese,  unlike a lot of the other songs in the park,  except for the title of the song,  which is Compass of Your Heart.
  Right, so he's like, that's whatever.
  And then, compass of your heart.
  So we were singing the song.
  We didn't have it down until maybe the third ride,  exactly what the melody was.
  But it is, I have an emotion,  like a strong emotional reaction to it now.
  It really feels like now Sinbad was a Disney movie  that I saw a ton in childhood.
  And when I hear it now,  I get nostalgic for a time that didn't exist.
  Yeah, it is.
  If I hear it, I imagine I'm like a child being on the ride.
  Like there's something extra odd that happens to me  about the ride and the music now.
  It's just the Alan Menken magic  where he just really hit it out of the park with this song.
  And again, we'll do it on the full Sinbad episode.
  But this was a reformatted ride.
  Yeah, this changed, this ride.
  This was open with, I don't know if it opened,  I can't remember when it opened,  but it opened as a much, like there was no cool song.
  Well, it's a lot more,  Straight.
  It's truer to the Sinbad stories.
  Where Sinbad is not necessarily like the plucky hero  that we met on the ride.
  That we fell in love.
  It was a bearded.
  That we fell, that stole my heart.
  And the Sinbad stories are a lot darker.
  Like when we were on the ride,  the mermaids are helping him because he's crashed his boat.
  Whereas obviously the traditional story  is the mermaids lure you onto the rocks.
  Whoa, whoa, they do, mermaids do what?  They lure you onto rocks, Jason.
  Oh, that explains all those boats I've destroyed.
  Jason always calling for the siren song  of pack of mermaids.
  But you love that kinetic energy of the boat  and you can't help yourself.
  I do, I can't help.
  You know I gotta go on a boat.
  You know Jason.
  If the boat's running, I'm going on it.
  He loves treats and kinetic energy.
  That's true.
  So yeah, so we can talk about Sinbad all day.
  It's incredible.
  Our favorite ride.
  But we didn't fully address the fact that,  so it was much truer to the original Sinbad tales.
  And then it was, nobody liked it.
  Because it was dark and unpleasant.
  Yeah, so originally like in the ride we saw,  Sinbad is saving all of these birds  from these like rogue, like marauders  who were trying to steal these birds  for their own greedy purposes.
  But Sinbad is setting the birds free  and tying up the guys.
  But in the original stories,  that's his crew doing that out of greed.
  And the ogre, instead of being locked up by the pirates,  the ogre is just looking on,  laughing at the greed of these men.
  But Disney took care of it.
  They sanitized the whole thing.
  They made it so much more family friendly.
  They gave him a cute little tiger cub sidekick.
  Chandu.
  Chandu is great.
  They don't have any Sinbad plush.
  They have Chandu, which is great.
  Yeah, popular and then Chandu tales.
  We should have gotten him.
  Why didn't we get him?  I don't know.
  I think I would have gotten Sinbad.
  I should have given you money to get me the sunbonnet,  the stuffed sunbonnet girls.
  Oh yeah.
  They bet they have.
  I got them for my sister.
  Oh, okay.
  Sorry.
  I got you a tiny tin though.
  That's fine.
  They cheered up the whole story.
  And then had Alan Menken write this song.
  That is truly.
  And it just blew us away.
  Top five Menken, if not top three Menken.
  You argued that it's the first.
  And then you keep going maybe part of your world.
  Part of your world probably best Menken.
  But I agree that it's definitely in the top five.
  It's top five Alan Menken songs, which is wild.
  And then there's like, look up Compass of Your Heart.
  Like listen to the official Tokyo Disney version  from the ride.
  Because we also love this singer.
  It's a Japanese singer of the song.
  And he's, I can't really find him in anything else.
  He's like a stage actor in Japan,  but his voice is so like lush and beautiful.
  Yeah, amazing.
  So yeah, look at all that.
  There's also a clip of Alan Menken singing it  at D23 in Japan.
  People like weeping in the audience.
  The one woman we talked to who was working  at the 20,000 leagues, she was like,  what's your favorite ride here?  And we were like, well, she's like,  did she say she suggested Sinbad, right?  I think she said Sinbad and we were like, yes, Sinbad.
  She goes, oh, it's my favorite too.
  Yeah, I can't remember the interaction quite.
  Which was interesting.
  Never.
  So that was odd.
  And then like, even though it's great not to have a wait,  we were angry that there weren't more people  on the Sinbad ride.
  Because we don't want people.
  I feel like they don't like flip attractions as much.
  No.
  But they did the, was it Storm Rider?  That had changed by the time.
  Oh yeah, Nemo and Friends.
  Yeah, and that was a fun little overlay thing they did.
  It was like kids star tours.
  Yeah.
  Oh, cute.
  So, okay, let's see.
  Let's, we can't get to every, there's plenty left.
  I mean, Tower of Terror, we haven't even touched.
  We have to do a little tower.
  We're gonna have to do a full tower episode.
  I'll say this just overall, before we get into,  we'll end with tower.
  The Tokyo Disney Sea, what makes it so amazing is that,  especially in like the New York area and stuff,  like the Imagineers clearly were able to go wild  with every whim they had.
  There are so many different billboards and posters  for fake products from the 20s.
  And like just.
  Scrooge McDucks, a department store that he owns.
  McDucks, yes.
  McDucks is the name of one of the gift shops.
  Like they wrote paragraphs on,  like I think we were looking at like,  when we were eating, I was eating like,  I don't know if it was, what was it, soup or something?  We were eating in the 1920s area,  and they had all this like,  they had all this like ad dialogue on like the tray  or something.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Just like the amount of detail in places.
  In English, and it was funny.
  Yes, it was funny.
  We'll post a picture of it.
  I think I have it.
  The amount just.
  Yeah, it was a deli.
  It was a deli in New York.
  Thank you, we've been recording for four hours,  and I've forgotten already what I'm talking about.
  But it's just so clear that they were able  to get the budget for all of this ancillary stuff.
  The stuff that I think they probably skimp out on all that,  like a lot of times.
  Yeah, and we were talking about how it was like,  oh man, these guys just got to go to town with jokes  because everything's so detailed.
  Everything's so detailed,  and if you wanna stop and read every billboard,  they're funny.
  They're funny, weird gags and jokes and stuff,  and it's just so clear.
  When you're watching a movie, and you're like,  oh, this feels like a real auteur,  this director and writer.
  Their vision was executed.
  This is completely what they wanted to do,  and I can feel their personality in it.
  It's like you can feel that when you're in this place.
  That's interesting.
  That sort of thing, I feel like,  is whether it's conscious or subconscious,  that is what makes people, really moves people.
  It makes people come back and feel like,  what a trip, what a vacation,  what an experience we all had together.
  That was really something special.
  And I think Tony Baxter and other Imagineers  talk about it.
  It's stuff that, even if you're not a nerd like we are,  you can feel it if you don't even notice it.
  You can feel detail, and you can feel things like that,  and it makes you feel a certain way,  but it's not a conscious thought necessarily.
  Yeah, you pick up on it, regardless.
  But it's hard to quantify with metrics.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  Make sure corporate entities need a chart or a spreadsheet  they can point to and say, this will cause this.
  Instead, there's just ticker tape  where their heart should be of the stock market.
  Desserts, limited time mugs  that no one can buy the mugs,  but you can only buy two of the mugs.
  Yeah, it's probably corporate culture.
  It's hard to explain to money people  why you need money for 40-gag product billboards  in the 1920s.
  But as money people ourselves, we understand it.
  The upper crust.
  The upper crust of fans, for sure.
  The 1%.
  Staying at your mid-range chain hotels,  and you're going to the, possibly the most affordable  Disney parks in the world due to government subsidies.
  Thanks to points you earned freezing your girlfriend's eggs  because it was more affordable than having a child now.
  Sure, when Michael needs his toy budget for his toys  as opposed to the child's toys.
  My budget will be higher than the child's.
  So, yeah.
  Yeah, you could just feel it.
  You can feel it there.
  There's so much detail.
  So much detail.
  I'll say, if I have to knock Tokyo Disney,  I will say they need more rides.
  They need better endings.
  There's not much catharsis to the story of their rides.
  And some of them don't feel as long.
  And I will say that's about Tower of Terror,  which I just realized there's an overlaid of Tower of Terror  that happens in January to March  where the ride is twice as long.
  That's what I'm talking about.
  The normal ride is only three drops in Tokyo Disney Sea.
  Yeah, which again, very anti-climactic.
  Right.
  Yeah, they don't nail the climax.
  Right, so I think they are a couple.
  Like if there was a real crazy,  I think they should add some sort of,  I mean, they're adding.
  They are injecting a billion, two billion dollars.
  Peter Pan, Frozen, and something else land there.
  And I'm sure it'll be amazing.
  However, the queue is so good.
  Well, for a Tower of Terror.
  Yes.
  Yeah, so Tower of Terror, it has a different narrative.
  It's not Twilight Zone.
  It's not Guardians of the Galaxy.
  It is a completely new narrative  about a character named Harrison Hightower.
  And he is of course based on Imagineering legend, Joe Rhodey.
  Getting there, I don't think officially working.
  Not officially, I say it.
  He's body of work, I think.
  He's in his 60s, he's been working there forever.
  I'll say he's a legend.
  Oh, I just mean in terms of Disney hasn't done  the ceremony with the plaque and the window.
  Oh, there's a literal ceremony where you are knighted?  Disney Legends, yeah.
  Put a plaque.
  Wow.
  I walked through the Legends Courtyard  on the lot the other day.
  Oh, so you mean like in very literal terms,  he's not yet been.
  Deemed.
  Yeah.
 Deemed a legend.
  Yeah, he's not up there with like Tony Baxter  and Whoopi Goldberg.
  But I'll throw him in there.
  There's some oddballs in there.
  Well, they all come from the range.
  Like Ed Winn got in the same year Tony Baxter did.
  Yeah.
  It's like the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame where.
  You never know, yeah.
  Some people don't get in right away.
  It was very weird though that Walt insisted  the first one of these be Lenny Riefenstahl,  my favorite director.
  It is weird, I agree with you.
  It's weird.
  So, Tower of Terror, Harrison Hightower, Hotel Hightower.
  Now, I am forgotten, again, we're talking detail.
  And this feels like roadie.
  We'll have him on the show.
  And I have mostly wanna talk to him about this.
  Yeah.
  He's done so many other great things.
  So good.
  But there's so much detail in this.
  So we waited, we went in it twice.
  Once fast pass, once not.
  And we were walking, we were waiting outside  in the garden outside.
  And I noticed one thing right away.
  So his character is like a robber baron.
  And he's a monster, really.
  He goes into other cultures  and steals all of their most prized artifacts.
  So yeah, there's painting, these immaculate paintings  of him stealing.
  So fucking funny.
  Stealing like the, I should find it here.
  In every single painting,  it is him and his manservant  escaping from the native peoples of a culture.
  Yes, and it's.
  Carrying off with a prized artifact of their culture.
  So like, it would be something like  one of the Easter Island heads or something.
  Something comparable.
  And there's paint, they're so,  the paintings are so amazing looking.
  They're all like oil paintings.
  Right, I don't know how they did it.
  It's amazing.
  Every single one.
  There's one where it's him and his manservant.
  Smelting.
  Smelting.
  Smelting.
  It's so good.
  He has a manservant and he's smelting.
  Let's get the hashtag Jason for smelting.
  But like escaping in a hot air balloon with smelting,  like I think like desperately trying to keep the artifact  inside the balloon.
  Yeah, there's just, I have pictures of them.
  Every time being chased.
  It's so funny.
  And that Easter Island head in a very tiny boat is so.
  Yeah.
  One of them isn't the Easter Island head.
  It is.
  It is.
  You're right, yeah.
  Okay, well sometimes my memory is bad  and then I think I've invented something.
  Right, but there's like a maculite stained glass of him.
  Yeah, it's so great.
  There's this great portrait of him inside.
  Everything is a monument to Harrison Hightower.
  There's no monster.
  They didn't have the context for the Twilight Zone  wasn't a big hit in Japan or something.
  That makes sense.
  So I also noticed in the line,  he has so many busty women's statues, like busty like.
  It'll be like mythical creatures.
  Kind of sphinxes and stuff like that  and they are all very well endowed.
  It is very funny.
  And he's just like paints this picture.
  You know how horrible this,  I mean, it's funny because of how.
  You're rooting against it.
  Yeah, but it's also like real, but it's elevated.
  Versions of him being real.
  So funny.
  Yeah, so like, and of course he dies,  he gets his comeuppance in the ride  because he's such an evil character.
  So.
  Yeah, because one of the things he steals is.
  A tiki god.
  Yeah.
  A little tiki god from an African tribe.
  He brings it back to the hotel.
  And also what's great is that the whole narrative  of the ride is that the New York preservation society  has deemed this hotel like a site since the accident.
  A historical site.
  Thank you, a historical site since the accident  where Hightower was killed.
  Okay.
  So you're going in a thing that's been preserved.
  As if you're going on tour.
  Right.
  A tour of the tower.
  That's such a good justification.
  It's so goddamn good.
  I don't know if it's the best cue  and the best narrative of all rides.
  I think the paintings to me make it.
  It might take it.
  Oh, but then, yeah, cause then it's awesome  when you get inside the place after the.
  Yes, it's amazing when you get.
  It's so good.
  And I didn't mean to correct you there.
  I was like, it's amazing.
  No, yeah, it's incredible.
  So yeah, you go through the line  and then I tried to take a picture  and someone yelled at me.
  They're not supposed to do that.
  I don't know why.
  In the line?  Yeah, so I think you only got a couple pictures maybe.
  So then the pre-show,  which is usually the Rod Serling pre-show  is in a big, big room  and the person says something in Japanese  and we're not sure.
  Yeah, exactly, his office.
  And then there's a big portrait of him  and they kind of tell you his story through this portrait.
  In very reverent tones.
  They were like, oh, the amazing Mr.
 Hightower.
  Practically our hero, our wonderful  New York legend benefactor,  philanthropist kind of a vibe.
  Yeah, it's very funny.
  That's funny and self and very self-aware.
  If you know that Joe Rodie as a person travels the world  to do research for these rides.
  And he's certainly not a plunderer or anything.
  No, I mean that's what's.
  He's like, yeah.
  But it's funny to see the polar opposite of him  in the fictional character.
  Yeah, taking that and lampooning him into a monster.
  Yeah.
  I'm sure that was everyone was enjoying turning Joe Rodie,  who's like very much a man who like,  I wanna go live with indigenous people  and I wanna learn about their culture  and I've adopted their culture.
  Like turning him into just the biggest,  crazy, horrible capitalist monster  who like desecrates culture.
  It's very, it is,  I mean, I'm sure they all thought that was fun.
  And it's sort of like the like employees on Tower of Terror,  their bit is to be like very spooky and ominous  if they're really committing to working the ride.
  And here it was like,  they're committed to respecting Harrison Hightower  as the bit.
  It's so funny.
  It's so great.
  And then the pre-show,  so there's the tiki god is in the room.
  They show this is the god that,  was here the night that Harrison died or whatever.
  And then the tiki god.
  Well, the story is that,  so what happened the night that he was like killed  is that he was having,  what was it like a New Year's Eve party or something?  Yeah, something like that.
  And a bunch of people were there  and he put his cigar out on the tiki god.
  Yes, and the thing was it got angry  and killed him in the elevator shaft.
  And trapped him in like another dimension  of the elevator shaft.
  Yes, so then the god comes to life in the pre-show,  threatens all of us.
  And at that point after whatever its evil smile appears,  the thing disappears.
  It fully disappears like magic.
  It disappears, we don't know how it happened.
  We went up to it and we're like,  it's not there.
  It must've been a projection I guess.
  I think I gasped.
  Yes, you did gasp.
  This would be in like the study.
  This would be in the pre-show anyway.
  Yeah, but it's three times the size of the study  like in the normal Tower of Terror.
  They put on a recording of maybe Harrison Hightower  or maybe a tour guide explaining what happened that night.
  And then Harrison Hightower's ghost  emerges from the painting  and is giving a warning about everything.
  And that's when the tiki god wakes up.
  It is so great.
  And then you go into the next room.
  Is tiki god the right way to put it  if it's from an African culture?  That's a good question.
  A totem or a talisman.
  I read tiki though on websites.
  So who knows?  They could all be wrong.
  Maybe it's not from an African culture then.
  Oh, I don't know.
  I think we'll look into it.
  So then the next in the loading area,  every different elevator loading shaft  is a different sort of collection of stuff he's got.
  In the big area there's like-  There's so many files.
  There's so many files.
  So many little drawers.
  There's just a room full of like rugs.
  One of the elevator shafts,  like you walk in and it's just all these rugs he's taken.
  And it's just, and there's also little hints of the god.
  Like his evil eyes appear in places  when you're in the loading zone.
  And it's so big and immaculate.
  And all the drawers have a bunch of jokes on them too  of like things he's stolen and put into a drawer  in this huge storage hanger.
  It is unbelievable.
  And then the ride is really, it's the exact same ride.
  It's the Florida version.
  Or it's, excuse me, the California version  of Tower of Terror, not the Florida.
  Yeah, so you don't like move forward through a room.
  And like you see like-  Could you imagine if you did?  Oh my God, it'd be great.
  I don't know why they didn't do it.
  I wish they had done that.
  It's crazy that that's the one-  Florida is definitely the superior.
  Oh sure.
  The one disappointing thing about the ride  is then it's the short version of Tower of Terror.
  So like you see the cool,  like you see him putting the cigar out on the god  and then you see him getting trapped and then you drop.
  But-  Not as many drops and not as intense.
  Not as intense.
  I think the main thing that jumped out at me  was that when you drop, there's not the then intense  like- Zoom back up.
  Zooming back up.
  Right.
  It's just dropping and then you lift again  and then dropping and you lift again instead of,  cause in California, it's almost like you feel weightless  and you can't tell which direction you're headed  for a second even.
  You don't, or at least personally,  I don't know if I'm going down or up for a second.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Which is very exciting.
  So that was just the only let down is like  expecting more visceral thrills  and not quite getting them.
  Obviously the fourth dimension room would be extra amazing  like in Florida, but whatever.
  Just these, so we're like,  oh, that felt like a minute too short.
  And then the other disappointing thing is that  they do not have any Harrison Hightower dolls or toys.
  There's a tiny key chain that I don't think  is designed particularly well that has him on it.
  But I, we were like, again, high.
  Three items of the souvenirs,  but mostly you get out and it's all just random park stuff.
  Like they should have prints.
  There should have been so much.
  Cause like it, California Adventure,  there is so much tower merch.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So, so like just a print of him of like getting,  stealing the stone head.
  Oh God, that would have been great.
  Something like that.
  Yeah.
  Prints of the paintings.
  But I, they, maybe they have them somewhere else,  but they did not have them in the gift shop.
  So we're like, ah man, bummed about that.
  Like bummed ride specific merch.
  Can somebody do fan art of Harrison Hightower  with Jason as smelding?  Oh, yes.
  Hell yeah.
  That's a great idea.
  We'll post the photo you, we want you to copy  and change smelding into Jason.
  So funny.
  Yeah, smelding, what a wonderful name.
  And then the last thing I'll say about it  is that Harrison Hightower,  a member of the Adventurers Club,  a member of C.
  A member of C.
 Society.
  Oh yeah, a member of C.
  Explorers and Adventurers, yeah.
  And like, just we were like,  well they've created his whole TV show or movie right here.
  Yeah.
  Amazing.
  He's the perfect villain.
  Like mid 20th century version of The Blacklist  Yes.
  With Harrison Hightower instead of Red Reddington.
  And being immersed in that just makes it all  the more disappointing that the Adventurers Club is gone.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So, you know what I mean?  You don't have to tell me twice.
  So yeah, going in there and-  Mike has told me about a lot of it.
  There's a guest book in the lobby  that has Rockefeller signed in and stuff.
  That's great.
  Industrialists.
  And obviously we've rushed through so much of this,  but barely scratched the surface on the details  of just this ride and other stuff.
  This is just a little thing.
  I don't think it really came up  and I don't think we talked about it,  but in terms of, we talked about the food stuff  and that there wasn't a lot of culture shock.
  What did you guys do for your phones when you went?  Because I have not traveled internationally since-  Mike doesn't have to do anything.
  I have AT&T and you can turn on this function  that is international traveling basically.
  And you pay $10 a day if you use it  and you don't pay anything if you don't.
  But obviously I'm using tons of data every single time.
  So my phone bill was very expensive.
  But if you just used wifi,  because I know you can buy wireless routers  you can clip on your belt and just connect to.
  I like that on this two and a half hour episode on air,  you have decided to close it out.
  I didn't mean to close it out.
  I was going to ask-  We don't have to close it out  without thinking of something else.
  Because then I was gonna ask anything else to wrap up.
  But it hadn't come up and there might be listeners  who are thinking about traveling internationally.
  I'm punching and I'm being an asshole, I'm sorry.
  No, it's fine.
  We've recorded an episode before that.
  We've been here a while.
  I know, I feel crazy.
  And Lindsay and I are gonna go around Disneyland now.
  You're going down to Disneyland.
  And I'm getting antsy.
  And I really thought this was gonna happen earlier too.
  How long have we been talking?  Two and a half hours.
  Okay.
  Well, I say that as though I'm fucking surprised.
  You guys talk about this nonstop.
  You guys have gone through two episodes of this  and then we went out to dinner at IKEA  which is a very funny thing to say now that I say it.
  And you guys talked about Disney stuff the whole time then.
  No, that's not fair.
  That is when Mike finally got me to sign up  for one of these Chase cards.
  Oh yes, you also talked about that Chase rewards trifecta.
  Chase points trifecta?  Chase cards trifecta?  No, no, no, just Chase trifecta.
  I just got that referred to the cards.
  I did my little telling.
  Yeah, this is your other.
  Mike loves comic books, wrestling, Disney,  and Chase rewards, and haunts.
  Yeah, but we're old now.
  So we talk about like,  oh, the comics aren't as good as they used to be.
  Well, that's true.
  Oh, they're all the writers we like.
  Chase trifecta isn't as good as it was in my day.
  TV money and movie money, fair enough.
  Well, I mean, closing thoughts.
  Yeah, I've said mostly what I wanted to say.
  I had some bullet points in my head.
  So if you can afford it,  certainly try to do three days.
  Certainly we can.
  But.
  Yeah, drop your monocle.
  And also your second monocle.
  And then when I went to pick it up,  my top hat fell off my head.
  This is so embarrassing.
  So yeah, so I would say like three days,  you could do it.
  You're just gonna have to hustle.
  Yeah.
  Four days is a lot more comfortable.
  Yeah, it really depends on how,  like if you are the type of person  who wants to immerse themselves in the experience,  rather than go to an amusement park for rides.
  If you wanna do, we had Jason Wollner's did a day,  and I think he had to buy then two single day passes.
  We didn't actually ask him.
  Oh yeah, we should ask him about that.
  Two single day passes, and then I think he just hit,  he started very early,  hit all the big rides that they don't have here.
  And that's for sure a thing you can do.
  I guess that's a valid life choice.
  Sure.
  That was all I was gonna say.
  If you actually, yes.
  If you're there and you're like a nerd like us,  three days at minimum,  but four is a nice comfortable time  to really absorb it and take it all in.
  But I would do five.
  But five would be great.
  Like the record show, you guys entered the turnstiles  in four days in a row.
  You had to get to the airport on that last day.
  Yes.
  But technically you were there four days, so I won.
  I won, me and Tony won.
  Well that's a good point.
  Jason does win, yeah.
  Jason and Tony win, two best friends.
  All right, look, we're gonna do a lot of single episodes  about all these things.
  We can't possibly get to all the details.
  Well, to close it out personally,  my final thoughts are I want five days of Disney,  I want five days of Tokyo on its own.
  Oh yeah, of course.
  And I wanna go back as soon as possible  and I loved the country.
  Yeah, I know.
  Japan was awesome.
  Japan is, so I-  And you haven't even been to Osaka or like  the million other neighborhoods in Tokyo?  We sped through it.
  That was kind of the thing is  we were having to speed through Tokyo  like somebody would have to speed through the parks  with three days.
  Yeah, no, Tokyo was great and so familiar  and I was nostalgic for it as I was there of like, oh.
  Yeah, just thinking about not being there.
  Right, thinking about not being there, I was already sad.
  And yeah, it's in the regular rotation hopefully  if we can afford it.
  Pinky's up.
  Pinky's up.
  It's in the rotation if we can afford to go next month,  but like I'm having to cut that cost.
  Can you wait that long?  So.
 Not next week?  Well, if I weren't unemployed,  I wouldn't have to wait that long.
  Lindsay is unemployed.
  So yeah, so it's great.
  Go to Tokyo if you can do it.
  And yeah, well, we're gonna do all this stuff separately  and waste a lot more of your time  only focusing on very small details  of all of this stuff we just talked about.
  Jason.
 I will say it.
  That I was gonna say, please.
  And I remembered that he said it about himself,  but not about you.
  Lindsay K.
 Tai.
  You survived podcast the ride.
  Yeah, I did.
  Thank you.
  Thanks so much.
  How about some plugs?  Thank you for having me in my living room.
  Thank you for having us in your living room constantly.
  Truly is never like something I'm annoyed by.
  Oh, good.
  And sorry if I was too loud after hell at the moon.
  No, it's fine.
  It's an experience you've never had before  in the 10 years.
  It's true.
  I decided.
  I decided not to accompany.
  That's all right.
  Right the correct choice.
  Fair enough.
  Yeah.
  Plug something, plug whatever you want.
  I'll plug all the things.
  I host a podcast, actually I host two podcasts  also on the Forever Dog Network.
  One is Teen Creeps.
  We review YA Pulp Fiction like Christopher Pike,  Arl Stein, et cetera, and Public Domain Theater  where we read aloud a story from the public domain  because they're free and interrupt and comment  throughout kind of like Mystery Science Theater 3000 style.
  And I write on the Cartoon Infinity Train  which will premiere on Cartoon Network in 2019.
  Sometimes.
  All very cool stuff.
  Check all of it out.
  Yeah, I mean, I don't know how to,  does there a Twitter for Infinity Train yet or no?  Just Cartoon Networks.
  Follow Cartoon Network and they'll let you know.
  Or follow Lindsey or I'll retweet something.
  That's easy enough.
  Oh, what's your name on Twitter?  Oh, Lindsey Kata.
  Just L-I-N-T-S-A-Y K-A-T-A-I.
  What was the thing I was gonna say?  I don't know.
  Oh, if you want to watch the pilot for Infinity Train,  just go to YouTube and type Infinity Train  and you can see the short that was made  that got it greenlit.
  Yeah, very cool.
  Oh, it's delightful.
  Four million views.
  Wow.
  Yeah, very popular.
  It's gonna be the hottest show.
  There's already a Reddit thread.
  Oh yeah, and people like point,  like figure out you were a writer and stuff.
  Yeah.
  People are nervous.
  Yeah, really paying attention.
  And is it on, is there like, is it on Tumblr?  Like have people been drawing stuff  or like speculating about it on Tumblr?  Oh yeah, there's a ton of fan art.
  There's people speculating about all the characters,  what's gonna happen on the show, what the train is.
  I mean, that's awesome.
  It's about a girl who finds herself on a mystical train  with an endless number of cars  and she has to figure out a way home.
  Yeah, it's great.
  Yeah, and she's voiced by Ashley Johnson.
  A lot of cool.
  And Ernie Hudson is also a voice.
  It's very fun.
  Yeah, check it out.
  Us, Podcast the Ride, Podcast the Ride at Gmail,  Podcast the Ride on Instagram, Twitter, all of it.
  Patreon.
com slash Podcast the Ride.
  Yeah, November, we've had exciting,  we've had a Disney Quest episode.
  We do three bonus episodes on the Patreon for five bucks.
  We got Disney Quest, we have Club 33,  and that very special episode  about my favorite character in fiction, Botanicus,  E.
T.
's teacher from E.
T.
 Adventure Ride.
  Mike's brand.
  Yeah, so.
  Oh, choose Botanicus or Sinbad.
  Well, if we're talking seriously.
  Real Sophie's choice.
  Botanicus I've been with longer,  but I mean, Sinbad is probably a better, more rich character  if I'm not being unironic.
  First of all, this is cruel.
  This is maybe the cruelest thing you've done to me  to make me choose on this.
  Wow.
  Toward the end.
  So I'm very upset.
  I ask the hard questions.
  Yeah, so I would actually like to see them both  on one ride.
  I would like to see Botanicus in the queue of Sinbad  telling you that you're about to go on an adventure.
  And then Botanicus starts singing,  compass of your heart.
  You know what's really interesting about that?  I bet they would both have things to teach each other.
  Mmm.
  Sinbad though seems like he knows everything.
  So he might not need that.
  He's really got it together.
  I love that Sinbad guy.
  He's so fucking plucky.
  He's so great.
  You're gonna love him.
  Yeah, I can't wait.
  He just got a real nice outlook on life.
  Yes.
  All right, thanks for listening.
  Bye.
  For this long episode, but goodbye.
  Forever.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner,  Brett Boehm,  Joe Silio,  and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram,  at Forever Dog Team,  and liking our page on Facebook.
