 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may include a horrifying citrus sausage, Jason lazily performing  a lazy Bob Hope routine, and Nixon, Nixon, Nixon.
  Please stand clear of the doors.
  It's the Monorail on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the theme park podcast  hosted by three guys who are exactly like the three caballeros,  except all whiter than Donald.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson and Jason Sheridan.
  What's up, fellas?  Hey, hello, I'm Michael, yes.
  Those three caballeros, I love them, they're great.
  Yeah, I do too, and I don't have a problem with them  being on that ride that they're on.
  Oh yeah, no problem.
  Some people get mad about just any characters  being added to anything just to be difficult,  but it's still, hey, as long as that ride is slow and creepy  and has zero weight whatsoever,  I'm happy with the Mexico boat ride.
  Oh yeah, that's great.
  I also would just say, not Donald, but the other two are cool.
  They are cool, yeah, it's just dawning on me now  that Donald is their Caucasian friend.
  Yes, so yeah, unlike the three of us,  Jose, what's the other one's name?  I'm blanking on the other caballero's name.
  It ends with an O, I don't know what it is besides that.
  I'm looking it up now.
  People are screaming at their phones.
  Yeah, come on, guys.
  I can picture them better than some family members,  and yeah, I'm blanking on Jose and.
.
.
  Is it Panchito?  Panchito, there you go.
  Look, anybody can think of some information  and immediately Google it and get it themselves,  but only in this source can information be delayed  by 10 seconds while other people look it up  while manipulating other machines that they're operating.
  I'm sweating a little bit now.
  I'm trying to get it under the wire there.
  Would you have known Jose though?  Did you guys know Jose?  I also don't know which is which.
  Oh, this is, hold on.
  Oh, I'm sweating again.
  Oh no, oh shit.
  We don't need to tell people which is which.
  I do not remember their last names though.
  I'm not sure they had, they're all Caballero,  and Donald adopted the last name Caballero  just for that series.
  Jose is the one with the hat, the straw hat.
  Gotcha.
  Not the sombrero.
  Which color?  He's this guy.
  Jose is green.
  He's green, yeah, I guess that would have been easier.
  Got it.
  Then showing me something that the viewers,  the listeners can't.
.
.
  Oh man, I'm covered in flaps.
  Oh no, okay, okay, well here,  let's get off the Caballeros then  and let's change topic.
  And I wanted to address something  that has just happened kind of freshly  as we record this episode.
  We're recording this pretty quickly  after the passing of former president George H.
W.
 Bush.
  He has just passed away, and you know what?  Especially in today's divided times,  there is always a rush with these politicians,  whether it's Bush, whether it's McCain,  to cast the final judgment on them  and to vilify them if you disagree with them  or to wash over their sins if you are a fan of them.
  But I'm not here to do any of that.
  We are theme park journalists,  and I think what we should do in light of his passing  is talk about his robot.
  The George Bush robot has been operating  at Disney World in the Hall of Presidents since 1989,  free of incident, free of oil leakage  that shot into the audience.
  His head never snapped off.
  As far as his clothes didn't slowly drift off  during a performance, that robot has been solid and sturdy  for three decades running, and I think it's only right  in light of the passing of his likeness,  the real human George H.
W.
 Bush,  that we declare George Bush  to be the animatronic of the month.
  Oh.
 Oh, okay.
  That.
.
.
  Yes, that's what that was.
  Okay, I wasn't sure where it was going.
  No, it was, no, I just want to, you know,  I just can't think of a better way to honor the passing  of a career politician and a, you know,  a grandfather, a public servant for many years  than to say his robot was cool.
  Right, so yeah, you're saying  this has nothing to do with politics.
  Absolutely, and that's like the benefit of our area  and the podcasts that we're doing.
  We don't have to make this rash decision  mere hours after he died.
  History will determine that,  but I will say that robot is great,  and I think, you know, he performs a thankless task  because he was the final president  who did not speak in his actual voice.
  Right.
  From Bill Clinton on, the real president  has gotten to do the voice,  and George Bush, all he gets to do is blink and nod  and look around and sort of gesture slightly  when each president is mentioned, and you know,  so it's, you know, I just want to thank him  for his years of mute service.
  I think he's done a great job.
  At worst, benign, the animatronic George Bush.
  He did not oversee the hall  of the Central Intelligence Agency,  which flooded the Magic Kingdom with crack cocaine  in the 80s, unlike possibly his living counterpart.
  He didn't arrange an animatronic war on drugs  and try to buy crack in front of the Hall of Presidents.
  Yes, they did not set up a 19-year-old.
  Besides the Hall of Presidents.
  The robot did not do that.
  The robot did not do that.
  He didn't set up a 19-year-old robot  and send them to jail.
  This is good, because then when Trump passes away,  we have to honor the Trump robot,  because the Trump robot did not do anything.
  No.
  He represents something, yes,  but he didn't do anything.
 He does that weird finger gesture  that we talk about.
 He does the finger thing.
  But he was programmed to do so,  and again, fully operational.
  I think really the only one,  according to a America's Funniest Home Videos clip  that I'm very fond of,  there was one time when Lincoln was giving a speech  and then he slowly started tipping at the knees  and falls backwards.
  So, and if that, such an incident happened  to any other presidents, I don't know about it,  or it wasn't on film.
  This might be where we as a country,  people always say coming together  and we have to see eye to eye on things.
  Maybe if we all embrace the robots  at the Hall of Presidents,  we all can become a little bit more connected  and a little more understanding of each other.
  Well, all those presidents,  not just on Democratic and Republican lines,  but on, you know, Republo-crat,  like whatever, like the Washington Generals,  like whatever the weird old political parties were.
  The Washington Generals, yeah.
  I think they were all part of the Washington Generals  that became the opponents of the Harlem Globetrotters.
  That's right, yeah.
  But you know, yeah, people of all kinds of parties,  the Bull Moose, the weird stuff Teddy Roosevelt was part of,  they all stand there and they get along.
  And they, it's civil.
  They all, well, I mean, they don't have a discussion.
  They all just sort of stand around and blink at each other.
  But even that, hey, that's something.
  That's better than most politicians get along these days.
  We should set up a poll,  and maybe we talk to Len Testa about this,  because Len from the Disney Dish podcast  is always talking about numbers.
  He's in charge of the guy that tells you  like how long wait times are,  like when attendance is gonna be.
  Yeah, great numbers.
 Maybe he can exit poll  for popularity outside of the Hall of Presidents  to see what the robot's approval ratings are.
  Because I think they're all gonna be high.
  I think if we all kind of take this mentality.
  How low could you possibly go on one of these robots?  What's your expectation of them?  I think people will give the Trump one low  because of how bad he is as a person.
  But I think Len will have to just say,  and specify, we're talking about the robot.
  Did the robot do a good job?  Did its hands move?  Did it look at you,  and then it shoot lasers out of its eyes at you?  No? Well then, that's good.
  That was a good robot.
  Did it emit a piercing scream that deafened your child?  If no, then it's a great robot.
  Did it say, why was I born?  And then try to crawl off the stage at you?  If it didn't, then it's a good robot,  and you should rate it high.
  So let's see if we can get all these robots  to have their approval ratings high.
  The robot does not stand there and describe things  as very legal, very cool.
  It would have to be programmed.
  There would have to be a human behind it to program.
  And even if it did that, the robot didn't say that.
  It's not the robot's fault.
  No.
  It's just repeating what a deranged madman tweeted.
  But even he didn't do anything wrong either,  as he asserted.
  Well, that's a different.
  I was thinking, it seems like something's up  with Trump and Russia,  and then he sent that very legal, very cool text.
  And I'm like, you know what, he's right.
  I'm letting him off the hook.
  I think he's, I get it now.
  I see now.
  The very cool.
  I was worried about it not being legal,  but if it's cool.
  It's cool, man.
  Yeah.
  If anything, we probably owe these robots apologies  because we have like endowed them with this fake skin,  these facsimiles of living villains.
  I don't know.
  History shows most presidents to be villains.
  An old Big Al country bear animatronic  who is now the Donald Trump robot, I'm assuming,  because that's how they do it.
  They do reuse things.
  I believe Big Al, and this could be totally wrong,  is the Oogie Boogie on Haunted Mansion now,  on the Haunted Mansion holiday.
  Oh yeah, that's an interesting theory.
  That's a possible, yeah.
  So they for sure do stuff like that.
  I don't know if that's specifically right.
  So it's a chance that the Trump animatronic  used to be a character you loved,  and now it's not his choice, his robot choice,  to put the Trump skin in the wig on,  and now everyone hates it.
  That's not fair to the robot.
  He was, it was potentially the head of like  a splash mountain crocodile or something.
  Sure, or.
  Or a goose, I guess.
  A crocodile would be too long.
  Yes.
  You'd be, I'm glad they don't cut all those corners  because if they installed a Donald Trump  and he had a big long snout like a crocodile,  you'd be like, wait a minute, something's up.
  They just painted a crocodile head flesh color.
  I would like to see that.
  among the Hall of Presidents a crocodile head.
  For you it appears as a crocodile.
  That's like taking your, you have a very funny  Hall of Presidents video on, where can you find it?  Funny or Die, who knows?  I don't, it's on my YouTube,  it's called Hall of Inaccurate Presidents.
  Right.
  Where it's like not the real names of presidents.
  Yeah, past George Washington it's all nonsense.
  Daniel Flintstone and Jonathan T.
 President.
  But the next logical step would be to like just add in  like anthropomorphic alligators in a suit.
  Yeah, well you know what we're talking about.
  You have to call this Hall of Presidents  under new management.
  Oh, that's great.
  Much as the Enchanted Tiki Room many years ago,  I don't know if all the listeners know this,  the Tiki Room's kind of been the same thing since the 60s  and never changed in Disneyland,  but in Disney World there was this brief bizarre period  where Iago and Zazu showed up and like wait a minute,  we're changing things up around here.
  So same thing, Iago and Zazu take over the Hall of Presidents  and turn them all into critters.
  Whenever we do the under new management episode,  that will also be the second Howl at the Moon episode  because that's the only way to make  under new management palatable.
  You mean we'll have to drink a lot of blue goo?  Yeah, we each drink a bucket and then we're like okay,  so then Iago, this motherfucker.
  So he burst into flames.
  The only goo is gonna get us through  talking about that attraction.
  Well, hey, I like this.
  Some like, just mixing and matching.
  Why don't the, like the attractions should all get to trade.
  I say put FDR and Truman and John Quincy Adams  on the riverboat in Splash Mountain  and take a goose and who else is on there?  I guess like an old country dog  and put them in the Hall of Presidents for a little while.
  Let them take little vacations  and visit each other and be pen pals.
  I think that's also a great plus up  because the Hall of Presidents is kind of a cursed attraction  and that they can never tear it down.
  The outcry would be so obnoxious.
  It would seem like a reaction  to whoever the sitting president was  and it's clear that from now on,  the president will always be a divisive figure.
  So you don't wanna piss off either side by tearing it down.
  Yeah, yeah, I mean it seems like Carousel of Progress  will probably be there for a long time  because Walt always wanted it to stay but.
  That too, Uncle Orville, pretend he was the president.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Put one of the presidents in a bathtub on stage.
  Orville D.
 Knapptaker.
  Well Taft famously couldn't fit.
  What was it?  He was a large man.
  He was a large boy.
  What if.
  That's not the first time a large boy  will come up on today's episode  which is about the monorail.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're getting to it.
  I had one more pit.
  I just removed, here, solved the Yeti problem  by removing the Yeti, putting him in the Hall of Presidents  and then taking Andrew Jackson  and installing him on the Expedition Everest  and have him swipe at you as you go by.
  Might be too scary.
  Or maybe a gun with a gun  or when he dueled.
  A big musket, sure.
  Famously.
  Yeah, who would've thought that at the top of Everest  is.
 Andrew Jackson.
  The ghost, presumably, or a zombie,  or an undead Andrew Jackson.
  Yeah.
  Which now it sounds like I'm pitching a sequel  to Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter.
  So like a real random movie.
  So random.
  So random.
  This is what's gonna be good when we do all these atrats.
  The rides are all great, but let's make them more random.
  So yeah, I love random humor.
  I think we all do, and the best part about it  is it's sustaining.
  It can go for hours.
  That's true.
  I mean, commercials are my favorite  of all the random humor I like.
  Oh, the best.
  Of all the content I like,  commercials are the random content I like.
  Yeah.
  That's probably right.
  Of all the content.
  Skittles commercials are the best media.
  Properties.
  Yeah.
  Well, a lot of great ideas here, and once again,  President Bush, the robot, I mean,  thank you for your service.
  We're giving you animatronic of the month.
  When December's gone, sorry, it'll be somebody else,  but hey, thanks for everything.
  Respectful honoring on our part.
  But hey, we're not here to talk about any of that.
  We're here to talk about the highway in the sky.
  We're talking the monorail,  which I feel is a perfect topic for this podcast  in that it's kind of a ride  and kind of a dull functional thing.
  It's sort of a mixture of the things  that we equally weight on this podcast.
  Well, it's definitely functional.
  I think it's far from dull.
  Yeah, you're right.
  That was not a good term, yes.
  I understand what you mean.
  A practical transportation thing,  although did not start that way.
  I learned a lot about the monorail researching for this.
  Yeah, this was very interesting research to get to do.
  Also, though, before we get into the origins of it,  I mean, it's been a fixture in Disney theme parks  since 1959 in Disneyland,  and I think a beloved part  and a fun part of the kinetic energy of the parks,  but I think we've been thinking about it recently  because it's been a weird year for the monorails.
  Sure, it's a-  A couple of odd incidents in Disney World, especially.
  Class action lawsuit waiting to happen in Florida.
  Right.
  There was a Wikipedia page called Disney World Incidents,  and the monorail section is huge.
  Three incidents in 2018 alone.
  God, that's what I thought.
  I knew there's been a lot of weird stuff lately,  and I thought, isn't a lot of it this year?  And in fact, it is.
  Those things, by the way,  so there was a monorail red down in Florida  was driving for a while with just a door open.
  Yes, and that video is on YouTube,  and will forever be on YouTube  because multiple people have duplicated it,  so you'll always be able to find a copy.
  Disney's gonna have a harder time getting rid of stuff,  making stuff go away in the social media age.
  There was also a giant chunk fell out of one of them.
  Yeah, I forget at which point in the track,  but it almost hit a guest who was walking by.
  There was a pedestrian.
  It wasn't just in one of the swampy parts.
  Just like a big, weird piece of space junk  fell out of the thing and almost hit a guy,  and then they had to stop it,  and people were trapped on there for a while  while they made sure everything else was okay.
  And then at the Grand Floridian station,  a door just fell off entirely  because a scooter hit it.
  A scooter, yeah, someone's scooter,  like they misdirected it,  and it just seemed like it dinged it,  but it's almost like if you accidentally banged it,  like, you know, shouldered the door a little.
  It doesn't seem like they were going  a million miles per hour and knocked it off.
  It seems like they dinged it a little,  and the whole door fell off,  and then it was just stuck there for hours.
  It's a very, like, animation.
  It's a very, like, Road Runner-y kind of, like,  tink, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
  Everything collapses.
  And the incidents where that one  and the incident where the monorail became disabled  and the air conditioner failed  and they had to go out, open the windows,  and a tractor had to come and tow it,  both monorail lime, both this year, both monorail lime.
  The same monorail.
  The same monorail.
  Oh, monorail lime.
  Monorail lime.
  Get your act together.
  So all of this is making,  I mean, we could talk about the monorail  at any time, and this is a good topic,  but I like talking about it at the end of 2018,  a decidedly rough year for the monorail.
  So, you know, let's talk about its history  and the better days of the monorail  and then talk a little bit about its future.
  Sure.
 Sure.
  I mean, when it opened at Disneyland  was the first daily operational monorail in America.
  Okay.
  And did not have an end point,  like it just left the station,  did a scenic tour, came back to the station.
  Oh, the original path was?  The very, very original.
  Okay, okay, yes.
  It was, I believe, 0.
8 miles.
  A pretty quick little trip.
  Yeah, compared to now.
  Now, is it the same path that it kind of does  before you land in Disneyland,  where it's kind of circular, weaving in and out  of the Autopia area and going around the Matterhorn?  I think similar-ish,  but a lot of attractions have changed  and the track's been changed so many times.
  They have to keep moving it to account for stuff.
  It's been close to 60 years in Disneyland  and reading about the different generations of it  in Disneyland, it has changed so many times.
  There's been four different generations of monorail cars,  monorails themselves, in Disneyland.
  Only two in Florida, which we'll get to.
  And that's, Florida's coming up on 50 years,  and it's bad, there's only been two generations, clearly.
  Yeah, I don't think they've updated it since.
  I saw several numbers, but either,  I couldn't tell if it was 1989 or 1991,  but either way, hasn't been a new fleet since then.
  Since then.
  It's pretty crazy and might kind of illustrate  why they're either.
 Kind of.
  There's been rumors of, are they phasing it out?  Yeah.
 It doesn't seem like  they are necessarily, but yeah, I think they need to do.
  There's been rumors, there's new ones coming,  and rumors that they're getting,  they're just gonna take it all apart.
  Yeah, which I think there would be a big public backlash  to just getting rid of it.
  Yeah, yes and no.
  I mean, like anything where you're like,  oh, people aren't gonna stand for this,  but then they'll do it,  and then what, people aren't gonna go?  Yeah, no, I mean, that would be how it goes down,  but it would be extremely, I feel like I associate  the monorail more with Florida than Disneyland.
  Because, okay, yeah, when it opened in Disneyland,  it just did a loop.
  For, since then, since the 60s, it has two stops,  one in the park and one at, well,  formerly the Disneyland Hotel,  now it's just, it's kinda downtown Disney in general.
  In Disney World, it is a vital part of the infrastructure  and getting from place to place,  and especially, probably the easiest way  to get from Magic Kingdom Zone to Epcot Zone.
  Yeah, still, despite the troubles,  it's still a more pleasant and usually more reliable  than the bus system.
  Oh, certainly, yeah, yeah, and the buses seem kinda,  unless I'm mistaken, if there hasn't been  a new bus set up in a while.
  The buses are, the last time, it depends, I feel like,  because the last time I was there,  the buses weren't so bad.
  Certain buses, they have, like certain places  have more buses.
  So if you're going to Epcot, it's not so bad,  but if you're going to, I'm trying to think,  Saratoga Springs, one of the weird off-road.
  Yeah, if you were trying to go from Saratoga Springs  to what's, that's on one end of the property,  what's on the other, is Animal Kingdom on the other end?  Like, that's gonna take you.
  I think that's the furthest, yeah, I remember,  I felt like I was driving forever to get to Animal Kingdom  from wherever I started.
  I should, I don't know the,  I couldn't remember the name of this,  but it's from this year, but there is a Disney Dish episode,  very interesting, about Florida's transportation systems,  because they brought on a former transportation person  from the San Francisco Muni system to consult at Disney,  and he was like, here, looking towards the future,  you need to start thinking about the transit systems  in the Orlando Resort as if you were a massive city,  because you are.
  Sure.
  So that's why, you know, so more buses,  and that's why you see the Skyliner is coming,  the gondola system, which is, I mean, from what I have read,  rather than extending the monorail,  because it would be something like over a million dollars  for every extra mile of monorail track,  for like a lot less money,  you can get a whole gondola system.
  So that's why they're getting that,  and for the demand for Star Wars land.
  I think it's very interesting.
  They seem to really be stretching out the announcements  about the Skyliner system, especially so far,  they have not used the phrase air conditioning  in reference to those Skyliners.
  I don't think there's going to be air conditioning in them.
  There is.
  I think it's just gonna be a little hotboxes  flying through the sky.
  Yeah.
  If anybody's listening and doesn't know what these are,  yeah, it is this new gondola thing,  it's sort of like, I mean, it's reminiscent  of the old Skyway that used to be there,  but they're bigger.
  It actually feels a lot like the Ferris wheel cars,  but you sit in them for a while.
  I'm scared of this thing.
  I am too.
  I'll be honest with you.
  I'm not dying to get in that thing.
  And I was talking about the air conditioning thing  with Erin, and she brought up a good point,  which is like, there's families getting on these,  there are babies getting on these things.
  The smell of hot, ventilated plastic cells  could get awful.
  And then what if it breaks and you're just stuck  over some trees in the middle of the swamp  in like 90 degree, like, this stuff stops sometimes.
  Yeah, so I am skeptical, but this is not like  the first of its kind sort of thing,  like the Monorail was.
  There are urban gondola systems all over the world.
  So it's like been tested.
  Are there really?  Is that like a part of cities?  In Asia, Asia or like mountainous cities.
  Like, yeah, these sorts of like suspended gondola systems  are like efficient and used by people in like daily activity.
  I think there's some in Hong Kong.
  Sounds like a gondola lobby representative over here.
  And apparently some of them do not have air conditioning  in areas like not dissimilar from Orlando's climates.
  But that said, you go to Orlando,  everything is air conditioning.
  Your brain kind of recalibrates to that.
  So then to get into a mode of transit  without air conditioning, I don't know.
  Look, I will try it.
  I will do it because we have to do it.
  We're theme park journalists, but I am weary of it.
  I don't like the dangling for that long also.
  Feels like you're gonna be up there for like 45 minutes.
  It feels like let's just take the fucking bus  or let's just like, let's walk.
  Like it'll be fast.
  Like, I don't know, maybe it will be fast.
  Maybe I'm totally wrong.
  Yeah, but keep in mind, you know, Nemo's on the outside.
  So that's fun.
  There's a painting of a character that you can't see.
  He's a journey and transits were so smooth.
  So what a smooth journey he had.
  To bring it back to the original Monorail,  has the Anaheim one ever been air conditioned?  I think it's always had just windows, right?  Just windows cracked.
  Just windows cracked.
  It doesn't feel like hot to me.
  It doesn't.
  I think it's more because of our kind of temperate climate  in Southern California gets away with it.
  Maybe, maybe that's right.
  But I was a little surprised.
  I feel like eerie.
  I don't know.
  I'm not uncomfortable in that thing,  but then you're not in it for that long.
  Right.
 That's true.
  Maybe you'd notice.
  Neither side of that path is super long.
  But some of them are,  you were on that Monorail and thinking like the clearings  on this thing are not a lot.
  Oh yeah.
  There's certain points of it where you feel like  if you stuck your hand through that open crack  that's right there that you could just do.
  Yeah, you could like, you know,  scrape your arm against the Monorail,  or it's the Matterhorn and it snaps clean off.
  Yeah, the clearings are very slight.
  Although I've read that they do do landscaping  for like trees and brush around the Monorail path.
  They like have it calculative.
  Like, all right, we have to cut it here.
  This is the farthest someone could reach out a window.
  Sure.
 Okay.
  To like grab a branch or something.
  Okay.
  Well, it would still just in case  nobody stick your arms out of the thing.
  Yes.
  Now that said there may be clearings, you know,  pre that may be grandfathered in from like building codes.
  I could grab something.
  When the 50s were a little shady.
  Yeah.
  Give it a try.
  I could grab something.
  There's a couple of places in the park,  which I think I can like grab stuff.
  And I think I've mentioned this before.
  The guy grabbed when we were on the Indiana Jones ride,  just a guy in the front grabbed the rope.
  Oh my God.
  And I was like, what, that shouldn't be possible.
  I thought they tested for this.
  So you couldn't know he grabbed it.
  He like had a good hold on it.
  And I was like, you're gonna pull the robot down.
  If or what if the other way,  what if he actually got hold of it, got out of the car  and the next car that showed up, there's Indy  and then another guy hanging behind.
  That's fun though.
  And his friend.
  And then he joined.
  He must be from part four.
  I don't recognize him.
  What is that adult Mutt Williams?  It's adult Mutt Williams.
  And he just drops in that car and gets out of there.
  Yeah.
  That would be fun.
  See you guys.
  And they're like, wow, that's the most like active,  realistic robot I've ever seen.
  That would be great.
  You know what, Ash, wait,  we're talking about monorail safety.
  I have with me.
  Oh yeah.
  My toy monorail.
  And I can, hey, I'll let the monorail speak for itself.
  Okay, so that's the.
.
.
  Okay, so that's the.
.
.
  Okay, that is the last one.
  Those pauses are super long.
  But, as I do have a toy monorail, I was so happy to bring this back with me from Disney World like a decade ago.
  And I love that it is a toy that says dry legally that year.
  Sure, it does not have, though, permanents there, sentados.
  Yeah, you know, I thought it did.
  Yeah, that actually is kind of a.
.
.
  That is such a big part of my vacations as a kid, as we used to say that in the Spanish.
  Yeah, me too.
  The Jack Wagner narration.
  Maybe that's why it stands out.
  It is like the obvious, like, stuffy old white guy saying a Spanish phrase.
  He's been replaced a couple times now.
  Well, they usually sound.
.
.
  I think they still have the Jack Wagner say, like, part of it.
  That started to get a little weird reading about, like, and then this person took over, and then this person started doing the spion.
  I'm like, all right, this is too deep even for me.
  I can't track all these voice actors.
  A lot of things, yeah, I had that in my research too.
  I also found, like, I don't.
.
.
  Like, my level of caring about the different marks was not what it probably should be as the host of a theme park podcast.
  I started going, so what's the difference between Mark IV and Mark V monorail?  I don't.
.
.
  Look, if you're listening and you care about this more, well, I mean, I wrote down things about the marks.
  I just don't care that much.
  I think it's hard to distinguish, like, generation by generation, but big picture, I think something interesting begins to appear.
  Okay, sure.
  Hey, guys.
  Michael here.
  I just want to tell you a little bit about a company called Away that makes some really great suitcases.
  Away uses high quality materials while offering a much lower price compared to other brands by cutting out the middleman and selling directly to you.
  You can choose from a variety of colors and four sizes.
  The carry-on, the bigger carry-on, the medium, or the large.
  That's for extended stays.
  Some key design features of the suitcases.
  They're all made with premium German polycarbonate, unrivaled in strength, and impact resistant.
  It's also very lightweight, which means that I can carry it.
  The interior features a patent-pending compression system, helpful for overpackers.
  It's got four 360-degree spinner wheels, guaranteeing a smooth ride.
  It has TSA-approved combination locks built into the tops of all the bags to prevent theft.
  It's got a removable, washable laundry bag that keeps dirty clothes separate from clean, which is great because I just usually use a plastic bag.
  Both sizes of the carry-on are able to charge all cell phones, tablets, e-readers, and anything else that's powered by a USB cord.
  A single charge of the Away carry-on will charge your iPhone five times.
  It's got a lifetime warranty.
  If anything breaks, they will fix or replace it for you, for life.
  It's got a 100-day trial.
  You live with it, vibe with it, travel with it, Instagram it.
  If at any point you decide it's not for you, return it for a full refund.
  No questions asked.
  It's got free shipping on all the way orders within the lower 48 states.
  All the carry-on sizes are compliant with all major U.
S.
 airlines, while maximizing the amount you can pack.
  And if you're in town, please be sure to visit Away at their retail store in New York City.
  Now folks, I use my iPhone a ton.
  An Apple employee once told me I use it twice the amount of a normal human, so I constantly need to charge.
  These suitcases charge for you.
  It's crazy.
  You don't need to go to some plug.
  You don't need to go to some fancy lounge where they have all these plugs and champagne waiting for you.
  No.
  You charge your iPhone right to the suitcase wherever you are.
  It's great.
  So here's the thing.
  We got a special offer for all your listeners.
  For $20 off a suitcase, visit away travel dot com slash theme park and use promo code theme park during checkout.
  That's away travel dot com slash theme park and use promo code theme park during checkout.
  You will be glad you did, especially if you use your phone a lot like me, Michael.
  Going back to the very beginning, it was originally called the Disney Owlweg monorail.
  Owlweg was a company that sort of designed the basics of it and then Disney sort of customized it from there.
  Well, the story there, if you wonder what that phrase Owlweg is, it is a shortening of the name of a Swedish entrepreneur named Axel Winner Grin.
  So Owlweg is a weird, almost Disney-esque.
  There's a lot of those weird Mapo.
  There was a.
.
.
  What is Mapo?  It was part of Imagineering and it's short for Mary Poppins.
  So some functional engineering wing of Imagineering was called Mapo, which is nonsense, the dis-shortening of Mary Poppins.
  It was the actual fabrication division of Imagineering.
  Did Mapo work on the Owlweg?  No.
  No, I think the later ones, the later ones when Disney was designing it.
  Then eventually when it got to a certain point, they outsourced it a little more.
  So Owlweg, there's this weird, there's some conjecture that this is a kind of made-up-because-it's-cute kind of story,  but Walt's fascination with monorails supposedly began when he was in Germany, or he actually, I think he was leaving, or maybe this was Sweden.
  He was leaving the set of Third Man on the Mountain, which is the movie that inspired Matterhorn, where he left that, or he was on the set,  and he sent home a postcard of the Matterhorn and said, make me this.
  So he's riding high with Matterhorn ideas already, and he's leaving with his wife, and he's driving along the countryside and then sees a beam monorail,  and is fascinated by it, lights up, and he follows it until he can see the name on it, and the name is Owlweg,  and he writes that down and says, or maybe he just went to the building right then and there.
  So that's, okay, so the version I read is that they were on a, him and his wife were in Germany on a suspended monorail,  one that has the track on the top, and the monorail is suspended, and it was shaking a lot.
  And making her dizzy.
  And making, yes, Lily and Disney dizzy.
 Lily and Disney.
 Lily and Disney dizzy.
  And she, supposedly she said, this would be nice if it didn't shake so much, and they were driving,  and then they saw that, more of a version that you know of, the monorail.
  The beamed monorail, which she was not aware of existing in the world.
  And then supposedly Walt was like, take me to the office, and he spoke with the engineers and people there, and that's when it starts.
  And yeah, that's the company.
 But then they were working with the company, and something fell apart, and then they were like, we'll just build it ourselves.
  So they just, Walt Disney.
  So they had to have the name.
  There was a legal situation that they had to use the name.
  The guy's name is also like, Alweg is just the first letter of each of his like.
  Yeah, Axel Wener, it's A-L, it's the first and then the last, and then it's very confusing where he got to Alweg.
  By the way, Axel Wenergren popularized the domestic vacuum cleaner.
  He thought that he was the one who believed that industrial vacuums could be adapted and simplified to work in the home.
  So you having a vacuum cleaner in your home is ultimately due to Axel Wenergren.
  The other thing about him is that it is rumored that the actress Greta Garbo was working as a spy to spy on him.
  Really?  Because he was friends with Herman Goring, who is a major Nazi party official.
  Oh, I didn't know it was this guy, this monorail man.
  Yeah, Greta Garbo is a spy spying on the monorail man, I guess.
  That's incredible.
  Yeah, isn't that crazy?  What do you know about our local connection to the man?  I don't.
  Alweg proposed a Los Angeles monorail, a system for Los Angeles in the 60s.
  And they were going to take, apparently they were going to take the financial risk for building it.
  And then, of course, the project just fell apart.
  A big proponent of the project, the sci-fi novel author Ray Bradbury, a very friend of Disneyland, Ray Bradbury.
  And apparently held on to that grudge because when LA finally did build the Red Line, did build a subway, he was pissed.
  He's like, 20 years ago, we almost had a monorail.
  Yeah, he said he wished it, when they asked what he thought, he's like, I want to go, what I think is we should go back in time and take Alweg's offer.
  And we didn't just have a monorail.
  And his point was that subways are for kind of like cold, dark places.
  It's like to provide a little bit of warmth and light in a city like a Moscow or Toronto that's snowy a lot.
  So why would you have claustrophobic, no sunlight transit in a always sunny city like LA?  So yeah, we should have.
 That's true.
  So Alweg was like a Musk, an Elon Musk of his day, except maybe he built more things.
  Yeah, he smoked big old J's too.
  Also has ties to a questionable upbringing and political.
  If you were raised in the mid 20th century, white with money in South Africa, you're going to come out a little weird.
  Sure.
 Would Alweg have loved Rick and Morty memes though?  Oh boy.
 I think yes.
  My answer is yes.
  In his memoirs, he spoke of a fondness for all things dank.
  Yeah.
 Alweg loved dank memes.
  I found that.
 So the official designator for the Disneyland Monorail, the first daily operating Monorail in the United States and the Western Hemisphere.
  Wow.
 Geez.
  And you know, I think it was like also clearly important to Walt Disney because if you follow the, you know, clearly what he started getting into beyond from the success of Disneyland and beyond,  he started dreaming of utopias and making life cleaner and society cleaner and transit cleaner and which culminates in the dream of Epcot when it was an actual city and community as opposed to the theme park it became.
  So to be able to show off this cutting edge technology, show how clean and efficient it was and say everyone could have this if you talk to your local governments and it didn't really happen.
  It didn't.
  A couple of places at Monorails but not so much.
  It kind of lined up with the rise of driving culture and car culture in America.
  But even then, and this is a thing I'm very excited to talk about, the grand opening footage of the Disneyland Monorail.
  Even back then in 1959, there's footage of gridlock.
  There's roads of like, you know, cars.
  How do we alleviate all this gridlock with these cars?  Well, Mr.
 Disney may have found the solution.
  Does that mean that you saw the same video that I did where they illustrate traffic by, they're showing a lot of overhead traffic and then cutting to like sheep all packed together and cows and animals all like screaming.
  And then cutting back to people honking and then back to animals.
  They're doing like a like crazy old like manipulative editing style to show like this is you.
  You're a cow or a sheep stuck in a herd.
  I think I saw some of that.
  I think I just kept seeing so much stock footage of cars.
  I was like, let's just get to the fucking part.
  Oh, you might have skipped it.
  I jumped to the Nixons.
  It became like a weird like exploitative documentary like like propaganda.
  Wow.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Your sheep, you stuck in your cars.
  But with the Monorail, you're free.
  You're free range now.
  That's very funny because then with the other hand, they also had a traction sponsored to you brought to you by the automotive industry.
  Sure.
  So buy it, but also feel bad about it and try to get one of these.
  And indoctrinating kids via the Autopia to want to drive cars and specifically the loudest, smelliest cars.
  Yeah, the loudest cars.
  And you love that smell, right?  You've said, Jason, did I say I love it?  I think you liked it, right?  I don't think I mind the smell of gasoline.
  I think what I'll say on the smell of gasoline, I like the smell when you're pumping gas.
  OK, it's kind of pleasant, but not the smell of Autopia.
  That's very unpleasant.
  I think Autopia should be first on the chopping block.
  Sure.
  I think we've talked about that.
  But I'm talking about the smell of Autopia.
  It's bad.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, it's definitely worse than a regular gas station.
  But you said you liked it.
  Probably just from the association of memory.
  I mean, I don't love the smell of chlorine in pools, but it certainly reminds me of leisure and time with my family.
  Well, chlorine, it feels very like the theme park.
  Yeah.
  The ET water smell.
  Yeah.
  So I can deal with it.
  It's a much more pleasant smell than the Autopia.
  I mean, that's true.
  I think this is a classic Carlson.
  You notched it, and Jason might have said, I don't mind the smell.
  And in the intervening months, it became, you know, Jason loves the smell.
  Maybe.
  I swear you said I like it, though.
  I.
.
.
  Maybe it's possible I'm wrong.
  I mean, it's possible I did.
  I don't think I said I liked it in the way that I said I like Jack Jack's cookie num nums.
  Well, I didn't say you like it more than a cookie.
  No, man, you go huff gas and then load up on num nums all day.
  You're a freak like Dennis Hopper in Blue Velvet.
  Oh, yeah.
  You just have a little.
.
.
  Get all dranked up and go num num all day.
  You have a tank full of fumes from Autopia that you huff.
  Yeah.
  The fumes make my head num num, and then I go eat num nums.
  Fuck Pirates of the Caribbean.
  Autopia gas smell.
  You're out of control, Jason.
  You're scaring me.
  Folks, Mike here, I'm interrupting for just a quick second to tell you about a clothing  company called Everlane.
  They make clothes that I am wearing right now.
  So folks, Everlane only makes premium essentials.
  They use the finest materials and they don't have those traditional markups.
  And they tell you what the real cost of the clothes are so you know you're never overpaying.
  Now Everlane wants you to know what you're paying for and why.
  They are radically transparent about every step in their process, from the materials  they use to the ethical factories they work with.
  Because Everlane sells directly to you.
  Their prices are 30 to 50% lower than traditional retailers.
  Everlane's clothes look better, cost less, and last longer.
  Essentials like their cotton crew tee are exactly what they should be.
  Simple, stylish, and made from quality materials.
  I have a few of them.
  I love the crew sweatshirt.
  I love the nylon weekender bag.
  I just took it for a Thanksgiving trip.
  I was really enjoying it.
  So folks, this is good stuff.
  This is clothes that Michael has used.
  Yeah, that's very important.
  Now Everlane's timeless essentials are just what you're looking for.
  There's no frills, just quality.
  And right now, you can check out our personalized collection at Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  Plus, you'll get free shipping on your first order.
  That's Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  I am wearing the clothes, folks.
  I like them a lot.
  Let's talk about that opening because I know what you're heading for.
  I know what happened when the Monorail opens.
  The grand opening attended by so many stars of Stage and Scream.
  I mean, the broadcast had I figured I kind of reverse engineered that.
  I believe it was our art link ladder doing like commentary  and then cutting the ribbons while you had Uncle Walt with him,  the vice president at the time and local Orange County resident Richard Nixon.
  Yeah.
 Lovely wife, Pat.
  And then OK, so here's the setup for this.
  So Walt does this big spiel about like we're happy to have the vice president here today,  blah, blah, blah.
  And he says this is the part because I always knew the thing about the ribbon not cutting right.
  Watching the footage, I had never seen this before.
  And two really weird moments.
  One, Walt says he's joined by his lovely wife today, Pat, and his daughters.
  This is how he says it.
  Julia and Patricia.
  Like he says Julia and Patricia in the weirdest as if they're foreign names,  as if he like got tongue tied and tried to catch himself.
  He goes, Julia and Petrius.
  And I'm like, what the what the hell?  And I had to go back.
  And yeah, that's the way it sounded.
  And then it also gets weird because then he turns and is like,  and now to turn over to the vice president, Mr.
 Nixon and then Richard Nixon.
  Mr.
 Nixon.
  And then something and it's hard to tell from like old kinescope footage or whatever.
  One of the I don't know if it's Walt or Nixon says vice president.
  Oh, yes, yes.
  And I could not figure out whether Walt's caught himself and he was like,  oh, I shouldn't call him Mr.
 Nixon.
  I should call him vice president.
  Or if Richard Nixon, one of the most petty men to ever lived, went,  actually vice president, it's a voice.
  But he says Julia and Patricia, Mr.
 Nixon,  vice president, and then Nixon stands steps up and start talking.
  OK, this is very this is very strange.
  Well, and then they forgot that he was the vice president altogether  because he got on board the monorail and did a pass.
  And in and imagineering the veteran and still with us,  Bob Gurr, who built the monorail, it was a primary figure in building it,  was at the helm himself driving it around.
  It was this the original monorail had this big bubble.
  So he's standing up and piloting this bubble car around.
  He does the pass with Walt and Nixon and his family in the car,  pulls back around and realizes, oh, we left without the Secret Service.
  So I had been driving around an unsecure vice president without realizing it.
  Or as Bob Gurr puts it, I kidnapped the vice president.
  And he says that I suppose I think he tells this to Bob Gurr,  tells the story of like Nixon laughing and Nixon, like calling the Secret  Service incompetent, like Nixon, like making goofing on his secret service  while they're going around like they can't get anything right or whatever.
  That's extra funny because you know, all of them were drunk.
  Everyone was just dragged like a fish back then.
  Of course, probably the most notable anecdote from this.
  And you can see this right after the weird pronunciations and weird,  mysterious utterance of vice president is Walt pulls out a giant pair of scissors.
  The girls are going to cut the ribbon.
  The ribbon does not cut.
  Everyone is a laugh.
  Walt ends up just ripping it himself.
  OK.
 Ribbons are hard.
  It's like guarantee.
  It's like they're trying to doom anything with a ribbon cutting.
  Because it's like the most it looks like the most easy thing to mess up.
  And he and he's like giant scissors, too.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's like that's if he just had regular scissors, it would have been fine.
  But he has to go and make a big show of it because it's the Disneyland  Monorail.
 And that's, I think, really what screwed him.
  Just use regular scissors.
  Uh, yeah.
  The oh, but you know, by the way, also Richard Nixon, the the sitting president  for the opening of the Hall of Presidents, he was the first  the first in the series of presidents who were like currently president  to have a robot built of them.
  Well, I would have loved that because Walt loved Nixon.
  Walt loved Nixon.
  Nixon and Disney go together so much like.
  Yeah.
 So many times.
  So we've said another Orange County weirdo of another Orange County weirdo.
  Nixon, as we've said, Nixon gave his I am not a crook speech  in the basement of the Contemporary Hotel in Florida.
  Of course, years after Walt's death.
  It's like there's just constant Nixon in the timeline.
  There's also footage, actually, when I was trying to find footage  of George Bush at Disneyland, there's a YouTube video  that compiles the sitting president's appearances at at Disneyland  or at Disney World, rather.
  And there is footage way later in the 70s.
  I don't know if pre or during or post presidency of Nixon  getting out of the monorail and looking real, you know, just like sour  and then like suddenly lighting up for camera.
  All right.
 Are we doing this?  But like right before he turns it on, he looks so dead inside.
  If you can imagine that.
  I can believe it.
  The I want to someday we'll get the iTunes review.
  Enough Nixon bashing already.
  I what did he ever do to you?  He's a great man.
  We apologize to Nixon.
  No, I'm so I'm not.
  I'm knocking him down one star.
 Yeah.
  The story with Nixon and the original Disneyland  monorail is interesting to me because it's the day that Nixon rides it  is the day after the first successful test happens, supposedly.
  Wow.
 Of the monorail in general.
  Yeah, they had like a lot.
  I believe I have this right.
  They had many tests leading up to that.
  You know, things would fall off.
  Things would catch fire.
  Things would not make it around.
  And I believe the day before Nixon gets on is the first day  that the thing makes it like it's on its path.
 Whoa.
  That's amazing to change, to change, like to show you how much stuff has changed.
  Obviously, now there's you have to test something 10,000 times.
  Something creates I don't know the number, but like before they put a human being on it.
  Now think about a day before is the first time this thing's actually worked  and not caught fire.
  And you're putting the vice president.
  Vice president is family and the head of your company.
  All on this thing.
  Not the Secret Service.
  Wow.
 Crazy.
  If some premonition of things to come.
  Disney early adopters at shit falling off monorails.
  Yes.
 It's been part of the monorail story from the beginning.
  It's a rich tradition of shit falling off of the monorail.
  If there's been some weird like electrical fuck up and like a flame  hit Nixon straight in the face right before they got back.
  And then the doors open and like a ghost rider flaming head,  Nixon starts wandering around the station.
  That's great.
 Oh, kill me.
  Or like this feels right.
  I like this.
  You cannot kill that which has always been dead.
  I'm more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
  He stays ignited.
  Everything else still happens.
  He becomes president in the 60s, but he's got a flame head.
  Yeah, I don't think he resigns if he's got a flame head.
  I think everything goes much better.
  And he does he does his full eight years.
  He does the Frost Nixon interview and he's just like,  how'd you get that cool flame head?  The notable.
  Yeah, I'm the spirit of vengeance.
  Yeah, the ghost riders, Danny Catch, Johnny Blaze, Richard Nixon.
  Oh, I wish.
  Bob Gurr fucked up.
  He didn't cause that flame head to happen.
  I mean, what could have been someone draw that?  The so another from the that opening footage that we're talking about.
  Art Linklater's commentary, he name checks a couple of it's like  there's lots of luminaries here, specifically Fred McMurray  was also on that car that from my three sons.
  Not always you said the nutty professor, the nutty professor.
  I know he was.
 Yeah.
  Oh, the absent.
 OK.
 Yes.
  And then Art Linklater, the reason I figured it out, it was Art Linklater.
  He's like, there's my family, Mrs.
  Linklater and my family, including he literally says, including my big son, Robert.
  Like I just got so delighted at imagining Art Linklater's large boy,  his large son Robert, but that's a daddy's little thing.
  My big son.
  Are they in the video?  I can't remember because I watched a little while.
  Are they is his last name Linklater?  Isn't this last name Linklater?  Or do they call it because Richard Linklater is the director?  I just can't remember.
  But I believe they're spelled the same way.
  Letter, letter, link letter is spelled with Ali TTER.
  So it's letter.
 So it is link letter.
  Art Linklater.
  Linklater is a director.
  You think of Richard? Yeah.
 OK.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  Great.
 Clarified.
  For any future references to well, when we cover the opening day special  in, you know, minute by minute for 10 weeks in a row.
  Are we going to get out of Disneyland even in this episode?  With the monorail?  I suggest it.
 Let's gun it.
 Let's do it.
  The monorail is one of the fastest rides anywhere.
  You know, that's a fact that I I remember hearing in one of these.
  I think it was the show Disney World Inside Out, the weekly  Disney World commercial that I watched as a child and was my favorite show  on the Disney Channel.
  Just this is why I was like I'm a I'm a walking example of brainwashing.
  They showed me ads every single week.
  And now I'm like this.
  Now I talk about them.
  I do free promotion for Disney every single week.
  But I do remember that they did like a little like before the break,  like what is the fastest ride in Disney World?  And they're like, you know, tipping it by showing you quick clips of Big Thunder  and Space Mountain.
  And you're like, oh, for sure, it's Space Mountain.
  But in fact, it's the monorail  because it is a real piece of trance.
  But even then, the monorail only goes like 35, 35.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I don't think that must not be true anymore.
  What would my dreaded launches?  Oh, yeah.
 Rock and roller coaster has to go fast.
  That's got to.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You would you would think.
  Though I've been doing it, man.
  I've I've now I'm into in credit coaster.
  It's all happening.
  But I got to go to Disney World to actually because there's a lot more launches  down there.
 So that'll be my proving ground.
  Well, and there's some very interesting innovations coming down the pipeline  that may be testing you.
  But we'll get to that on a different episode.
  Oh, yes.
 Yes.
  So another notable thing about the the monorail in Disneyland,  the monorail Matterhorn and submarines, the original e-tickets,  the original e-ticket attraction.
  Interesting.
 Yeah.
  The books literally only went up through D.
  There was no e-ticket.
  So and that they all opened on the same day on the same day.
  And imagine Disneyland without all of those things is like,  imagine there's nothing in any of that.
  It's just like fields.
  It's like daisies or something.
  And then suddenly on the same day, Matterhorn, submarines, Monorail  and not just those, not just the subs, Matterhorn and Monorail,  expanded Autopia and a motorboat cruise.
  So five attractions opened in one day.
  Geez.
 Essentially the equivalent of like more than Cars Land.
  Like opens in one day.
  That's like probably the most like important expansion of.
  Yeah, for sure.
 In a way, because that it also gets you your first  steel rollercoaster, the first rollercoaster in general and  and the first fake rocks.
  Yeah.
 So this this is a mega event, for sure.
  Well, even going out further,  the first expansion that Disneyland can expand and change.
  And also that it's doing financially well enough to be capable of doing this.
  Good point, because in that first year, yeah, they can't think about  they're just trying to think about staying afloat.
  Yeah.
 They do like, oh, we're here.
  We're we're doing fine.
  And we can even add big, expensive, experimental,  potentially vice president murdering technology.
  So the second we hear, we'll keep moving to Disney.
  I think we're going to get I feel good about it.
  But the so the the first big expansion in the Mark two  was where it starts going to the Disneyland Hotel.
  They expanded out now it's two point five miles.
  And when they do that, it becomes the first monorail to cross a public street.
  Excitement.
 There's so many firsts in this episode.
  Also acting as an actual form of transportation,  taking you from one location to another location.
 Yes.
  Now, how often do you guys use the monorail to get in and out very often?  What's your what's your relationship to the monorail in a functional capacity?  At Disney? Yeah, Disneyland specifically.
  I feel like I go and I go in phases, monorail phases.
  I feel like I'll use the entrance  like a couple of times in a few months, and I don't think I've used it  in about a year and a half.
  I would agree.
  I wish I wish you could do.
  I mean, you used to be able to just buy a ticket and do a round trip  and not even step foot in the parks.
  I wish you could do that.
  You cannot do that anymore.
  You could just get on the monorail and not go to Disney.
  Go down to Anaheim and buy a ticket and just not see it.
  Don't do any rides.
 Well,  no, I wish you could just take a Grand Circle tour like you can on the train.
  Let's not buying the ticket.
  But you're saying you would do that, though?  I would do a round trip on the monorail, leave Tomorrowland,  come back to Tomorrowland.
 Yeah.
  You mean you can't do that anymore? You can't do that anymore.
 OK.
  I feel like I mostly get out when you get to the other side.
  Yes, you have to get out either way.
  I can just go around, right?  Or no, you can't load it all in Tomorrowland.
 Is that right?  What's that? You can get on.
  What's confusing everyone?  I just want to take the monorail from Tomorrowland, downtown Disney,  stay on the monorail, go back to you.
 You have to get off.
  Well, first, here's where the confusion first starts,  is you were saying you wish they still sold a ticket to let you do that.
  So it seemed like you were lamenting the fact that you wish you could just go  down and buy a ticket and have a seven minute, 12 minute monorail ride.
  I'd probably not go to Disneyland.
  That's what I was communicated to both.
  Which seems possible when you said it, we were laughing about it,  but it also seemed like that's funny.
  But that is a little extreme.
 OK.
  You we could see you doing that.
  I could see.
 Yeah, I could also see me doing that.
  To answer your original question, I feel like I mostly use it to get into the parks.
  If I left the park, like in the afternoon,  like it's less crowded than going down Main Street.
  Or if at the I was there like later in the evening  and I want to just get the fuck out of like I just want to get out of there.
  If you're leaving from Tomorrowland and you don't and there's like fireworks  or a parade going on, the only I walk through Main Street to get to the trams.
  Then it can be kind of great, kind of a lifesaver.
 Yeah.
  But, you know, it can it can be a bummer.
  Get it like to get into the park via the monorail.
  Good news.
 You can like walk through that turnstile there.
  That is you're technically in satellite Disneyland.
  And as I just learned, you can start getting Max passes.
  If you have Max pass that monorail entrance counts.
  So you can be not even in the park and start reserving stuff.
  However, that pathway in is so many weird loops around the Autopia  and the Matterhorn and all that.
  And it could take many, many cars before you can even get on the thing.
  So it's maybe not always the best way to get into Disneyland.
  You could.
 This is maybe I was this is the most proud I've ever been of Scott  as he texted and he let us know because I didn't even think about this idea hack wise.
  That you could start getting Max passes, not by going into the two main entrances  of the Disney parks.
  You can go in the monorail, which then you could also just go through,  go back out, go over Trader Sam's and have a couple of drinks  and just get rack Max passes up the whole time.
  This is this is the hack.
  And I'm finally like I'm finally playing the hack game.
  Welcome to the hat culture.
  It's I'm Julian Assange now.
  You want you go.
  All right.
 Easy, easy on that.
  No, I want to be him.
  That sounds cool.
  You you.
  Does that make me like I'm the Assange of theme park hacks?  All right.
 Good.
  I'm happy with that.
  Well, the other day you were you were checking on our friend Andrew's.
  Oh, yeah.
 Passes from here, from your apartment, from San Diego, from San Diego.
  I was in San Diego.
  They're away.
  You're on your app going, I see you're getting on in credit coaster in 12 minutes.
  So what happened was, yeah, this this literally perfectly timed  because Jason had texted me and he asked me for a photo, which was in my app  because it was a photo pass.
  So I had gone in the app and I this always happens.
  I forget about this is that if you're linked ticket, what ticket wise to a friend  or another annual pass, all their stuff will show up.
  So if you say you were with a couple of friends  and you all have it linked so you can get Max passes at the same time,  you're linked for a year for them or forever unless you break  the annual pass cycle, I think.
  So I went into the app right before he was texting like a photo or two from Disney.
  And I was trying to get the phone and went, what the hell?  I have a fast pass.
 Oh, wait a minute.
  He must be at the park.
 Andrew was at the park.
  So when he texted, I immediately was like, ha, enjoy your ride on whatever.
  And then Scott thought that was creepy, which I acknowledge it is.
  But I had just seen it.
  So then he asked.
  He wanted an in credit coaster.
  But they didn't have the Max pass.
 They didn't have one.
  I go, I'm on it.
  So in the app, I was able to get him an in credit  coaster fast pass Max pass from San Diego remotely, essentially.
  Even though you were not your ticket was not right.
  But his was activated.
  So I could have gotten him Max passes all day.
  He was leaving, unfortunately, and I could not do that.
  But I got I got the thrill from remotely in San Diego.
  Yeah, he's a very kind man who likes to help his friends out.
  And I felt like that was like a dad, like letting his kid show,  like his like diving trick over and over like, watch me, dad.
  Watch what I can do.
 Very good.
 OK.
  I he was humoring me, but then he enjoyed it.
  And you got him on the coaster.
  I think it's a flex.
  The kids call that flex.
  What does that mean? More cool terms like your pose, like you're like,  oh, me getting Max pass.
 Yeah, well, that's true.
  I'm sure that's part of it for me.
  I think we've got an ultimate  Patreon tier, which maybe we can call the flex tier.
  I don't want to put a price on it, but I think it's premium.
  I think this is like a fifty dollars a month.
  But for this and you to kick it off, you would have to go  to Disneyland with Mike and then get linked with him forever.
  And then Mike from that here on out will program your day  of Max passes from his apartment.
  They can send me a picture of the ticket and I can I can just link it remotely.
  So then we're opening up potentially a world of pain or pure pleasure for you.
  Yeah.
 To be able to program our fans days at.
  I feel like you will is the perverse.
  I like the idea of it.
  I do like the word that you mean to say is compulsions.
  I think you're opening up a world of.
  Yeah, I think you are simultaneously giving Mike a curse with this idea.
  But also he will feel the compulsion to he's like, well, I can.
  I I have the ability to check.
  I guess I should.
  You can check it.
  Imagine the honor for the listeners of the show for you to do checking for them.
  For them.
 Yeah.
  And this is we've talked.
  We've already brought Len up a few times.
  This is an idea, actually.
 Len had is that there would be a service  that you would pay somebody to remotely check for you all day  while you were at the park.
  So we're we're now just we're just dipping our toe in the water.
  And the idea of me checking for people you did offer,  because my mom and stepdad are currently in Orlando.
  They'll be gone by the time this airs, so no one can murder them.
  But no one can try and track down my family and murder them.
  What do you think of our fans?  Somebody's going to try to kill your parents.
  No, it's just like,  uh, I don't know.
  I don't know that they were OK.
  Holy shit.
  I thought it was a funny line.
  It is.
  World of averages, there's a murder somewhere in our audience space.
  Oh, yeah, sure.
 That's, you know, who you are.
  Thanks for listening.
 But don't murder anybody.
  Please don't murder.
 Stop it.
 Stop it.
  You you did offer like, well, if they want to give me their Disney IDs,  I could book some of their magic.
  Yeah, I would absolutely do that.
  And the thing was, I was like, oh, we might have to do it  because my mom is not the most tech savvy.
  But honestly, she she has not been in a long time.
  And she got right back into it like she jumped right on.
  She Scott, the thing she's like, well, we've been here two days.
  Here's what we've done.
 It would have made your head spin.
  Like the number of things that these a couple of 60 year olds  like knocked out in two days.
  Although after three days, she's like, my legs are starting to hurt a little.
  And I'm like, well, yeah, you're  none of us are as young as we used to be.
  And also, but also we're getting up there, dear mother.
  You and your mother are the same age.
  You forgot to mention somehow.
  Rare mother, son born on the same day.
  But also, if you just keep doing it, you work through the pain.
  This baby is having a baby.
  And one of them speaking immediately, oh, my, I'm alive.
  Hey, I have a more dulcet tone than that.
  I can't speak to the accuracy of that.
  OK, that's fine.
  Yeah, so we're way off tomorrow.
  This is the monorail.
  Yeah, I feel like I'm like Max.
  Yeah, but I think we you as the Assange of this, I think this is  you'll be the head of Disney leaks.
  Oh, yeah, that's true.
  And you'll program people's.
  So you set the price.
  Maybe this is really premium.
  Maybe this costs three hundred dollars.
  This might be highly to paying Disney the ten dollar max.
  Because if I do what I want to do it right, if the price is sort of low,  I'm not saying I'm not going to do it, but I would like to give you the full  premium checking experience.
  And that would take a lot of my time in a day.
  Maybe it's check leaks.
  I think that's the phrase is good.
  The three hundred dollar tier, you get access to the checky leaks network.
  Uh huh.
 So I'm going to have to  we'll have to be on like a discord.
  Oh, no, we're giving like another distraction.
  A discord channel where I'll have to be conferencing in  and sort of seeing what people want, where they're at.
  And there will be just to be clear about the terms.
  There is no there's no there's no tier of this podcast  that would have less Scott Gardner involvement.
  Yes, I would I would ghost any responsibility for checky leaks.
 Right.
  Is that less?  Is that possible?  Oh, we're going to roast you.
  We're going to roast it today.
  I think we were really just informational for so much of the show.
  And we're going to be hard to get back.
  We just end it sooner than later.
  We'll do the monorail again in four months.
  Yeah, too much.
  I specifically when we said all monorails for this episode,  I tried not because I do it's become a compulsion of mine to go like,  well, how many episodes could that be?  Like, could we just do the Disney?  Could we just do the Disney World?  And I'm realizing it's like, oh, I'm a topic uniter.
  You're yes, that's true.
  But then I'm like, oh, I'll be topics that will come up.
  And you'll be like, we should do one on this.
  And I'm like, but this is tiny.
  So there's certain tiny ones you like.
 That's true.
  I can be.
 Yeah.
  You go back and forth on tiny topics.
  I can be slanted in my amount of fractional.
  This is true.
 We're all I think.
  Yeah, I don't deny that my opinions factor into it.
  And that, yeah, if say doing three parts on Duffy came up,  I would probably say no.
  But there was one we're talking about doing really.
  I think this could be a full episode.
  And I was like, but wait, you were mad yesterday about doing multiples on  I know all the pens.
  I can't deny I can't deny hypocrisy.
  It all depends.
 I can't.
  So OK, so Michael, credit where it's due.
  We all have insane compulsions.
  It's not just we're all insane.
  Oh, I'm fine.
  Honestly, goofing on me about checking.
 I love it.
  There's certainly topics where I don't like being goofed.
  But talking about how good I am at finding Max passes,  you're just getting me going, baby.
  Also, we've all benefited from your checking.
  Of course you have.
 This is true.
  My checking has brought nothing but joy to everyone around me.
  Well, it's nothing.
  I would double check that with Luthor.
  But I'll call her down here and make her say it into the microphone.
  Honey, nothing.
 But this is good.
  Tell them how much you like my checking.
  There's two.
 We we may be going on Tuesday with a friend of ours.
  Yes.
 And I think it'll be a full day.
  And I am getting ready because what I'm finding is that I'm not invited to this day.
  Jason says yes.
 And I've never heard of this.
  Oh, yeah.
 Well, we just talked about it the other day.
  Oh, yeah.
 Well, well, well, it really is all coming out.
  You texted us from Universal the other day with with Bugsie.
  Bugsie.
 Yeah, that's what actually you made an accident.
  I didn't we we were we were in the area and I didn't realize he had a pass.
  What that was not a concerted visit.
 All right.
 Fine.
  We don't all have to go together.
  That's true.
 Yeah, you guys go on Saturday all the time and I am  you're left in the lurch.
  Dishing out money for that Saturday, although I probably will  have to take out a bank loan with Star Wars.
  So it's just to get any pass.
  Well, we're going to have to pay like the giant ticket fee  to get for the one like the party.
  That's the problem.
  They should offer a they should they should offer like a Star Wars bank  to bankroll people who think they can't afford it.
  And when like the guy comes out to negotiate the loan, he should be like  like a big weird swell.
  Let's see how badly do you want to get it?  It's on car plot.
 It's on.
  Oh, yeah.
 So you'll you'll like sign a lease  that he doesn't give you much time to read on car plot.
  Makes it very good.
  Come on in and enjoy.
  And then you you're like in the tank to owe him like twenty thousand dollars.
  It's like Scientology basically, where they just make you indebted to them.
  You have to work at Star Wars land for the rest of your life.
  Funny enough, on car plot, the Bob Hope of the Doughboy show comes up  on car plot because we're really really consider him the Bob Hope  in terms of how many appearances on car plot has made on the show.
  That's a really easy,  teasy sort of episode.
  Yeah, well, it really rolled.
  We got away.
  Not the last Bob Hope mentioned on this episode.
  OK.
 Oh, yeah.
  If we get well, just do the next one.
  All right.
 Do it now.
  I don't care about the marks.
  What does everyone want to talk about?  We don't have to talk about everything.
  I like the marks because it reminds me of Iron Man's armor.
  I like it that it's Mark one, Mark two, and that's what Iron Man's armor has.
  You know, Mark one is the silver bulky Iron Man armor.
  And then what's the new what's Infinity War's mark?  It's got to be like a ton.
  It's like a hundred or something.
  We'll Google that.
  What's your favorite mark, everybody?  I like the newest mark.
  I think the newest mark.
  I do, too.
 Yeah.
  What is that mark seven?  I think yeah, I think you're right.
  Yeah, I think it's great.
  The current monorails you get on, it's kind of like a sort of a retro vibe.
  But without being so retro that it blasts flame in people's faces  and big chunks fall off.
 Yeah.
  It looks it kind of looks like the original ones, but like mixed  with the kind of like molded plastic Star Wars, you feel of of the 80s ones.
  Yeah.
 And which then they don't have those in Florida.
  So I feel lucky and special here in Disneyland to have this nice mark seven.
  So marks one through three, five and seven are just Disneyland marks.
  Huh.
 What would that be?  Four and six are Disney World.
  It makes more sense.
  Numerals makes it even harder to remember.
  Yeah.
 My brain is not.
  I made it numbers in my notes.
  So it makes sense that since the the Disneyland  Monorail has been operating since 59, they have more generations.
  That said, again, coming up on 50 years in Disney World,  they should also have more generations of Monorail.
  They are on generation two in Florida.
  So like my fondest Monorail would probably be.
  Oh, God, what is a six marks six?  Yeah.
 The current generation is Florida, because that's what I rode in  when I was a kid.
  But they're the same goddamn Monorails like they've rebuilt one or two,  but not a lot of them.
  This is what happens when people protest any change at Disney World.
  Keep it like it is.
 It's perfect now.
  Well, that is what happened with the Monorails.
  And now there's big chunks hitting people in the head.
  There's got to be a way to, you know, make that not happen with the old ones, too.
  But I guess if they're just the way they're built,  maybe it's just hard to maintain as they get older.
  Maybe you got to.
 Mm hmm.
  So, well, it's it's also very expensive to buy a whole fleet of Monorails.
  And there's like five companies in the world that can build it.
  That was the speculation, because I think it was Bob.
  Was it Bob Gurr recently who said, oh, they've ordered a new fleet of Monorails.
  But then the last company that built the Monorails, they they  an order of that size has to be noted in public records  and had not been noted yet.
  But then people are speculating that like, oh, well,  maybe this other company is building it.
  Siemens offered to build them a fleet for cheap or free.
  But it would have had to been the Disney Siemens Monorail.
  But they didn't want that.
  They didn't want it co-branded.
  Hmm.
 So is Gurr full of it?  What? Why is Gurr?  He's like he's flexing.
  He's like acting like he knows stuff and doesn't know it.
  He's just trying to get publicity.
  Bob Gurr publicity.
  The Bob Gurr feud begins.
  Let's let's keep talking about Disney World.
  We're kind of in it.
 I mean, that's what like I think it's exciting that  like like what a cool like if Disney World is this like  gigantic exploded out version of Disneyland in general  to now have the Monorail that just is like a cute little thing  that makes two stops to have it now be like this primary transportation system.
  And I like I'm so happy as a kid getting on that Monorail every time.
  And the excitement of like the first arrival at Epcot, like getting in that way.
  That's the only way to get to Epcot.
  I feel you got to arrive in style.
  Yeah.
 And you see.
 Yes, I agree.
  I the I'm trying to think because the Disney World is such a  it's obviously such a giant place.
  But there's something special about it not being in the parks there.
  It's the ride that's outside of the parks.
  So it's your first taste of a ride.
  It looks like yes.
 Tomorrowland.
  It like there's something like you're getting you're doing a ride  before the rides are here and a free ride.
 It's free.
  Yeah.
 But as a kid, I was thinking you can ride it for free.
  Even as a kid, I was like, well, hey, this is like a ride for free.
  I think that's what I that's what I got confused on early  is I didn't contextualize like, yeah, it's the first ride you can go on.
  It's also a free ride.
  You could just ride it all day around this massive property in Disney World.
  That's a feature I miss from Disneyland.
  It doesn't really make sense to do it in Disneyland,  but I do feel nostalgic for it.
  Unless they were to roll it around all of Anaheim in some fun way.
  Which is if we ever got a different park, like if suddenly  the Anaheim Stadium becomes a park or they build  like they build in some weird other zone.
  Maybe we do have monorails crisscross in the Anaheim streets.
  Yeah, that would be cool.
  I mean, I think an interesting thing about the Disneyland one  is how many times the tracks been moved.
  It had to be moved when they built the show building for Indiana Jones.
  Had to be moved.
  Actually, I don't think it got tweaked too much for California Adventure.
  It but stuff got built around it.
  And I do think it's a huge missed opportunity that there's no DCA station  or a Grand California station.
 Yeah, true.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It drives right around.
  Like it's it's crazy to me.
  And that that might actually justify some of the Grand California  pricing nowadays if it was a monorail hotel.
  Yeah, but it's weird because it's like, well, I guess you could go to Disneyland.
  But it's like the big thing with Grand California is you walk right into the park.
  Um, yeah.
 Oh, that for for California Adventure.
  Yes, that is that was sort of the unique feature.
  I guess that was the trade off.
  Yeah.
 Now you have a quick line straight now, but you could just put  across the street to Disneyland.
  It would take longer to get there.
  Exactly like it like it would make more sense to have it.
  And it would make more sense geographically to put it in Paradise Pier.
  But it would make more sense since that's a little out of the way  versus Grand Californian.
  It would be cool if it went through it and didn't stop.
  I'll say that.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Through what? Through the Grand California.
  And if there was like a you could see that atrium, it shoots through.
  It does go through it.
  But like through a literally into the like contemporary like style.
  Oh, right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which which wait, and we haven't talked about that yet.
  That's the big thing.
  Well, the thrill, the joy of the Disney World,  Monorail actually going through a building.
  Yes.
 Right through that contemporary.
  If you have the toy like I have and I have the toy contemporary as well,  you can send that Monorail shooting right through that contemporary.
  Just like in real life.
 Delightful.
  Do you put it around your Christmas tree?  Uh, I don't.
 I don't have enough room to.
  I was really ambitious when I bought when I came home with the Monorail toy.
  I also bought extra track.
  I'm like, I don't need more track because this is going to really like spread out.
  And I was like living in a house with other roommates.
  I don't know where I thought I was going to like to.
  I don't know what space I was going to take over with a giant Monorail track.
  Like a goal thing.
  It's like when you buy a shirt that's a little snug and you're like,  I'm going to lose some weight so the shirt fits nicely.
  Yours was I'm going to buy extra track.
 Yeah.
  Do you still have the extra track?  Yeah, I do.
 One of these days.
  I'm going to have the densest Monorail network.
  How much feet? How many feet of track do you have, you think?  Well, the feet number is not going to be impressive because, you know, it's,  you know, six because it's small.
  But like, I don't know.
  Maybe it's bigger than I don't know.
  I mean, it's not a ton of extra track.
  That's still pretty good.
  I mean, I only ask about the Christmas tree because there's a picture  going around where someone instead of a train set around the bottom  of Christmas tree has a Monorail going around, which I've seen before.
  And I think looks very cute at Christmas time.
 Yeah.
  I would I would like that.
  Yeah, you're right.
 Goals, Monorail goals.
  And then if you could build it up so it goes through the tree somehow  around the tree and then down somehow.
  I don't know how you do it, but yeah, that would be cool.
  Well, and you know what's something that I actually didn't know about my Monorail  until today is that, you know, you there's a lid on the top  so you can put the characters inside and there's little like pegs  you can make and there's like little versions of all of the of Mickey  and Minnie and Goofy, all the main characters, you could send them  on a Monorail ride.
  But what I didn't realize is that there's also little doors that open and close  and they can stay open, which means like the real Disney World Monorail.
  You can drive it around with the doors open.
  So you could buy like a Max from Goofy movie with like holding  like if they had a modern Max and he had an iPhone.
  Or you could even like make a little iPhone out of cardboard  or plastic or something and put it in like it'd have to be microscopic.
  Yeah.
 And like with the door open, record the door falling off.
  Oh, you can.
 OK.
  So you chose Streetwise Youngster Max.
  Yeah.
 To be documenting on social media  the collapse of my Monorail.
  The only young person, modern young person, I feel like Disney has made  or I guess the kid from Coco is a modern young person, technically.
  Vanellope from Ralph Breaks the Internet.
  I would call Vanellope a fictional character who lives in a magical world.
  So where age doesn't.
  Yeah, but he calls.
 She's a kid.
  Ralph calls her a kid.
 That's true.
  But she's a kid forever, presumably.
  What about Hipster Mickey, who is always on his phone?  But Hipster Mickey's not going to narc on his own company.
  I don't know.
 He's got a different tune.
  He's got a different attitude than regular Mickey.
  Do you think he's like the Edward Snowden of Hipster Mickey?  No.
 He's like giving out leaks.
 OK.
  I think he just wanted to get more hits.
  He wanted to get more Instagram views, basically.
  So he's going to put the video up because it's going to get Instagram views.
  Oh, I see.
 He's just in it for the views and for the social media.
  So he's an influencer.
 He's a content creator.
  He's absolutely an influencer.
 Yeah.
  I feel like we are so tangent prone.
  I think it's obvious we were wanting to like escape the Monorail.
  We're talking about any any and everything, but which I'm loving all of it.
  I'm now I'm just like I'm just getting down to like, what are the basics?  What do I what do I not want to miss?  Well, we get out of here.
  So the Monorail in Florida, of course, has three different lines.
  There's the express line that goes right to the Magic Kingdom.
  There is the right to the Magic Kingdom from the Ticket Transportation Center,  which used to be a hub.
  I remember when we would stay places, stay at some of the hotels in Disneyland.
  You used to have to get to the TTA to transfer for some locations.
  Now there's a lot of the TTA.
  TTA.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
  That's Tomorrowland Transit Authority.
  It wasn't even the right thing.
  T ampersand ticket and transfer.
  Fuck TTC.
  TTA is what the people move around on.
  But the ticket transportation center and TNA is used to hey, save it for universal.
  OK, it's rowdier over there.
  So the express line goes right to the Magic Kingdom from there.
  The resort line stops at the Magic Kingdom and the Ticket and Transportation Center.
  But all the hotels along the route, the Polynesian, the contemporary,  the Grand Floridian, Grand Floridian added last to that line.
  And then there's the Epcot line that goes from Ticket and Transportation Center.
  That is the main thing now that you have to transfer there for the Epcot line.
  And that goes straight to beautiful Epcot Center.
  Yeah.
 But before you land at the station,  you get to do a big pass, though it doesn't stop inside the Epcot Park.
  You do get to do a big pass and weave in and out and around some stuff.
  And that was open before Epcot opened.
  So the summer before you could take the monorail down there,  go down to like a preview center and see it all still under construction  with your own eyes, do a big pass.
  My friend Dennis made a point of doing that as a kid.
  Like, yes, of course, I'm taking out time to go see the like  almost built Epcot and go like watch a video about what it's going to be like.
  That's like when I there used to be an Islands of Adventure preview center  in Universal Studios, Florida, and I I went there like, hey, can we go back?  It's like we were there this morning.
  And I'm like, yeah, but we only come here for a day.
  But we have to see this because when the park opens, they'll close this.
  This is a unique attraction.
  You had that thought as a kid.
  As a kid, I knew this wouldn't be here forever because the park will be here.
  And I wanted to learn more about the park because at the time  I just kind of like a marathon everything in Florida,  because outside the magazines like magazine TV specials, you didn't have as much.
  Could we do a full episode about preview centers or does each preview center  require its own? Well, you know our answer.
  I just check in the boundaries.
  See, I this this I think I'm going to walk the tight rope on  because I think it would be funny to do a series about preview centers.
  But I don't think they're terribly well documented,  especially Universal Hard Rock Park, surprisingly well documented.
  And another one that's another preview center  that is well documented is the Paris one, which was taken over by French street  thugs because it did stay open, but they gutted it and took everything out.
  But it became full of graffiti and people were skating around and living there.
  So the plot of Les Mis happens to the preview center.
  And Disney Army came in and seized the land back.
  Let me say another thing about the Epcot one.
  I mean, I'm curious.
  I should throw out to you guys other your other favorite like Monorail.
  Your favorite Monorail stop.
  But for me, obviously, is that Epcot one that that place is such  eighty six.
 I love it so much.
  It is so horny thing you ever said on the show is a word about the Monorail.
  Makes a lot of sense.
  Texting Aaron to start the work on the such eighty six  T-shirt done in so that each letter has like the triangles of Spaceship Earth.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, you know.
 Yes, yes, yes.
  No, I'm no.
 I'm.
  Hey, look, I'm I'm into that.
  Yeah, I like clearly on a deeper level show.
  Horny.
 Or is what I say?  No, I am.
 I'm weird.
  Like our our friend Doug Jones and guest on the show put out a new mix  where he had a lot of clips of old commercials for seven up  made by a graphic designer named Robert Abel.
  And we watched it last night.
  And like during some of these, Aaron and I are both like, oh, God.
  Like some of these like some of the neon in this stuff really does.
  Look, I don't know.
  I'm putting myself out there too much.
  I get it.
 No, no, I'm always horny on Mike, my man.
  No worries.
 I'm on board.
  Yeah.
 It's num nums.
 And for me, it's neon.
  We all got our thing.
  I don't want to get too sidetracked, but I don't know when this will come up again.
  Doug Jones just texted me out of the blue.
 Pizza Rizzo is good.
  And I was like, oh, and I'm like, oh, I just thought I was like kind of sparse  of like, you know, there's tons of Muppet details.
  And he like shows me like pictures of like  just a very like small, I don't know what you call it,  like a bulletin board of some kind with like some vague Muppet references.
  And he's like, it's good.
 And the food is good.
  That's what I was going to ask.
  What's what's my wait? What's what's pizza?  Rizzo for just for a Disney's Hollywood studios.
  And it's like supposedly a Muppet themed pizzeria.
  But you walk in there and there's barely anything that would let you know  that it was Muppets starting the Doug fight again.
  And so I'm not even upset about I'm just I just think it's funny  because I must have said I must have trashed it on an episode.
  And Doug, like that stuck in his head and he was like, I'm going to tell him it's wrong.
  Well, we'll hammer all this out on the great Pizza Rizzo with the Jones,  a three part series with Doug.
  With Doug, yes.
  There will be an episode for the prosecution, an episode for the defense  and one that is the arguments, I guess, then closing arguments  will have to be their own thing.
  And OK, so we're getting into five.
  We'll have to find a judge, though, a partial judge to answer your question.
  I think for me, I agree.
  Yeah, getting off that Epcot station is great.
  Of course, the contemporary is great.
  But like the Polynesian walking out of this like kind of cold, futuristic,  very well air conditioned work used to be seems like it breaks a lot.
  The air conditioning in the monorail,  the contrast of that from that future mode of transit into this  like a lush tropical paradise, like I always even as a kid, I was like, this is awesome.
  Let's rank.
 Let's rank the stops.
  Oh, and personal, this is personal, like because I think if you if you're going  like overall iconic, it's contemporary number one.
  But personally, personally, I also go Polynesian.
  We stayed there a lot as a kid.
  There was something very fun about coming out the doors to the top  and getting on that monorail.
  It felt like you were leaving.
  Like it felt like a real jarring transition from like a futuristic thing  to the fun Polynesian vibe to get up cut in the top three.
  And I'll I'll shut up.
  I think Epcot is number three.
  I think it's number three credit to the Magic Kingdom.
  A lot of wrought iron turn of the set, like Victorian architectural style  to complement the main better than Blade Runner, RoboComp, Boxy Slant.
  I will not have wrought iron defeat Boxy Slant.
  Magic Kingdom is not.
  That's four.
 Damn right.
  That's four for sure.
  Then it's Floridian.
  Then it's the Ticket and Transportation Center.
  Yeah, TTC.
  TATC.
 Is that what we were? TATC?  Yeah, that's it.
 That's probably it.
  And you have to say it for throwing your wrist back and with your voice going up.
  TATC.
 That's how we say it.
  Current current Disneyland ones.
  I have two way tie for last for me.
  In terms of a static, I mean, yeah, they are so good.
  I agree over Tomorrowland.
  And I guess to bring it back to Disneyland before we then spend 20 minutes  just clowning on Florida's catastrophes.
  I am so disappointed that I never got to see the Monorail Cafe,  the restaurant that used to be on the ground floor of the Monorail station.
  The throwback kind of diner.
  The verdict online seems to be the best milkshakes at Anna Hyde.
  It was just basically kind of like a 50s style diner with like sandwiches and stuff.
  And that's got that's got some boxy 80s.
  I like the architecture of that.
  This boomerang sort of looky 50s design.
  My grandmother had that on it like her like kooky throwback Nickelodeon Nick at night.
  Like the way the 50s equals weird shapes and things wiggling around.
  There is a there's a cool aesthetic to the Monorail Cafe,  but it had to go and then Disney opens.
  But that was that was a thing that was open from like 55 on.
  It was just called the coffee shop.
  And then it became the Monorail Cafe way later into the runs.
  That was that's an it's an old establishment.
  Stuck around for a long time.
  I think the history of the Disneyland Hotel is fascinating  because I was wondering reading this because you always see the signs  that say like over 30 shops and restaurants.
  And I'm like, where did they put them all?  And the answer is they essentially built a mall  that they then bulldozed to build downtown Disney.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  There was a lot in there and just like not even like Disney ish,  just like some dress shop, a watch store, and they weren't magical in any way.
  Yeah, it's just like a boring office building.
  It was like very much like the early days of the contemporary,  also very interesting in terms of changing taste,  because there was all sorts of like this is a resort by your resort where  and here's the counter where you order a box of citrus to ship home to your family.
  That used to be such a novel thing before.
  Refrigeration really was the as good as it is now.
  I was like, oh, yeah, fresh, really fresh citrus at times of year  where citrus was not in season like that was a great gift for someone to bring back.
  And you are upset that you can no longer go down Anaheim and ship citrus.
  Orlando, I mean.
 Oh, sorry.
  Are you upset about that?  I think that would be cool.
  Did you guys get oranges in your stockings growing up?  We got tangerines.
  Tangerines.
 Yeah.
  So that's that's a lingering.
  Wait, what tangerines in a stocking?  Yeah, this is a lingering sort of thing when like citrus that was like a treat.
  I believe citrus season is you get oranges.
  Winter.
 We yeah, my my grandparents would give us give us stockings with.
  Scott, no citrus in your stocking.
  No, never.
 What a deprived childhood.
  Yeah, that's it.
  I never left a tangerine for me.
  Well, here's the thing.
  If you forget about it at the bottom of the stocking,  as you're eating your way through the candy, a couple of weeks later,  it will be a moldy tangerine covered in red stocking for.
  Is that happened multiple times?  Yeah, of course it happened multiple times to me.
  Come on.
 Several years you.
  I neglected a tangerine.
  You fondly recall why no tangerines, but then you left them die.
  You let them die in your stocking was not a big fruit boy growing up.
  Not a fruit boy.
  Fruit is so sugary.
  I know, but it's not chocolate.
  Sugary.
 How interesting.
  Favorite fruit hot dogs.
  That's what's crazy.
  My mom, my mom would have us eat it that day.
  She would just take them out then and like, just serve it to us.
  We were mostly sticking to summer sausages.
  Did you get summer sausages in your.
  No, we didn't.
  But we sure as hell got and gave a lot of hickory farm samplers.
  Did you guys not?  That was like, I don't think we ever got or gave from.
  Extended family or coworkers.
  And I'm not trying to act like we're a but we ate like crap, just like you did.
  But I don't think we ever gave or received sausages.
  Chicago is like, are you?  You just lived it.
  That was like water to you.
  Chicago is just like one of the sausage.
  Your house was covered in sausage.
  I don't think we ate a lot of sausages, honestly.
  We had we had hot dogs and as I've said, liver sausage once in a while.
  Jerry, a bunch of tangerines stuffed together in a row  and then wrapped in sausage casing.
  Oh, wow.
  What is a good tree?  It's a great thing you made.
  And of course, wrapped in red stocking.
  Yeah.
  This is I'm going to have a nightmare about that.
  I'm looking forward to that character in that new adult swim.
  Vernon Chapman and stop.
  Lamb skin wrapped tangerines.
  I will have a nightmare tonight where a flaming head.
  Richard Nixon hands me a red fur tangerine sausage.
  Boy.
  I'll skate the most off the rails episode.
  Oh, sure.
 Hey, I got I got one.
  Did you guys ever get a chance to ride in the captain's  the cone of the Monterey Island, Florida?  My sister did without us when she was very young.
  Really? We were walking.
  So my family was there.
  And I don't know if it was the captain or was another family  who was like, we have one more space up here.
  Does your daughter want to ride?  And I guess my mom was like, OK, my mom's highly paranoid, highly very worried.
  So my sister went up with this strange family and we took the loop from maybe  Magic King, let's say Magic Kingdom to or probably contemporary.
  I think it was just one loop.
  So maybe it was back from it was back from Epcot.
  It was Epcot, Dickin Transportation Center.
  And my mom was the most tense she's ever been.
  Just sitting while my sister just sat with a strange family in the captain's area.
  And she was everything was fine.
  Yeah, like she was going to get abducted out of a monorail.
  That's what she thought.
  I mean, it was a family.
 They people had kids like.
  But yeah, my mom was real stressed out about that.
  And that story often.
  But I didn't get to go.
 My sister did.
  But I wasn't also something I cared that much about.
  And now I would care about it more than I did probably when I was little.
  Oh, my whole family, the four of us got to go up there once  and ride it demanded.
  I would like no, we were politely asked, probably because I think it held  for in addition to the captain.
  Of course, now the monorail in Florida is automated.
  There is still a captain in there just to keep an eye on the controls.
  But they have not allowed people to  guess to ride in that code since the  2009 accident where two monorails collided, resulting in one death.
  Yeah, no, you can't go up there.
  It's been a rough year for the monorail, but that was that was that was really bad.
  And then there was also this.
  What this is such an insane thing, because like this is was very unfortunate.
  No way anyone could have predicted.
  But like that was when Starbucks was it 2009 or 2014?  I whenever that incident happened, resulting in the death  Starbucks, those Starbucks parks mugs had just come out with a little cartoony  and the monorail on that.
  They had to scrap all those mugs because it was the purple.
  That was 2014.
  And that was 2014.
  Sorry.
 Then the automation kicked in in a few years before.
  So there were mugs depicting a murderous monorail.
  Yeah.
 So now eventually they scrapped all those,  reissued the mugs with a different color on it.
  And then they just totally got rid of the I think was the purple monorail.
  They just changed the colors entirely so that to not be associated with that.
  Right.
 It's weird.
  It's also just weird because it's like, I guess it makes sense.
  But it's just like, well, that color is gone.
  So don't don't remember that bad incident.
  Is it really is thinking lime?  You just ride lime, which lime would go on.
  They've all had problems, it seems like.
  I think people are not going to remember the color stripe.
  I think they're going to remember the general incident.
  Yeah.
 But who knows?  What do we do with these things?  The Disneyland one's fine.
  I think Disney World just needs a new fleet.
  It just needs a new fleet.
  I mean, it was brand new when we were children.
  And it's like this is like the longest fleet, I feel like.
  They've just let this go.
  This happens in Florida.
  They let these things go for so long.
  People notice it a lot less because they only go to the parks  every couple of years down there.
  Yeah.
 But to the point where you have cough on the door and it explodes off.
  It's getting down the the like slant of Space Mountain.
  I don't know.
 Is there somebody can somebody make a cheaper monorail  so we can get more monorail?  Because it does feel like it just I wish it went everywhere.
  I always did as a kid.
  I was like when we went to MGM for the first time,  I remember having the question like, well, why doesn't it go here?  And then why doesn't it go to like, why shouldn't it go everywhere?  Why shouldn't it be a harder question for your parents to answer  than why do bad things happen to good people?  Is there a God or?  Why does the monorail not go?  And of course, there weren't great podcasts like this one to speculate.
  And they didn't have the information that this is an incredibly inefficient,  overpriced mode of transportation that's not caught on with the public.
  It is efficient.
  Like, OK, fair enough how many people ride it every day.
  I think it's the most fair enough.
  It's not the third most used monorail in the world.
  There are other monorails ahead of it,  but it is very highly used.
  And honestly, it's amazing.
  It's been used that much and lasted that long.
  But like, yeah, you got to get some more monorails in there.
  If they're they should be working on it right now to have new ones  ready for the 50th anniversary in 2021, because unlike with Richard Nixon,  now when new monorails are introduced, they test it.
  They put it on the track and test it without people or at least without guests  for weeks or months.
  They're not like testing it and then like, all right, good to go the next day.
  So we can't put Pence on a experimental.
  No, we cannot.
  Day one of testing.
  Too bad.
  It'll be it'll be thoroughly tested before Mike Pence goes on the new monorail.
  Yeah.
 And he certainly would not get in a monorail car with strangers.
  If he was stuck in a monorail car with a woman who was not his betrothed.
  Only mother, only Michael and mother.
  He would he would knock the door off himself.
  He would kick the door off and jump out.
  He's already covered in flop sweat from the shape of that monitor.
  That the phallic nature of the monorail.
  Disney World is a place of hedonism.
  Oh, and the taxpayers are going to have to foot the bill for him to go down there,  get on the monorail for a second and immediately leave.
  It looks like an offensive penis.
  Well, can you imagine him in the captain's car going into the contemporary?  No.
  Oh, my.
  And it's stuck.
 It's going to.
  I don't know what's happening.
  It's going back and forth, back and forth in and out of the contemporary.
  My God.
 Man, his brain would explode.
  One of the most famous monorail guesses I alluded to earlier, Bob Hope.
  Did anyone watch that? I feel like we've watched.
  Oh, my God.
 I've watched that a million times from the grand opening special.
  I'll do a whole show on that grand opening.
  I mean, we'll have to do a commentary.
  I love that.
  As they show the monorail go into the contemporary and who gets off it  with two very young, attractive looking plaids.
  Bob Hope himself.
  Or is he looking plaid?  So guys, two very attractive young guys.
  Plads.
 They call them plaids.
  Really? We've talked about the mic.
  Got a plaid when he was down there.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I think the combination of words.
  Did you get a right? I think you're right.
  I think you're right about them being called plaids.
  But the words you said in this sentence, I think was what made it seem a little strange.
  Sounds racist or something.
  As a partially Scottish person, I'm offended by the use of the word plaids.
  You know, to me, it sounded like people calling me a dirty plaid.
  To me, it sounded like imagine like a crazy like a bar, a guy in a bar being like,  look at those attractive plaids over there.
  Like that's too attractive.
  Well, plaids are in general neutral.
  I meant it to mean guides.
  Anyway, back on track.
  So he gets off the monorail and onto a platform that no longer exists,  clearly built for this and has like stairs and a handrail that he is holding on,  doing some very lazy jokes into for an audience of the oldest people  I have ever seen on film, like the cutaways.
  Everyone looks a million years old.
  It's shot in such a strange way.
  I can't really tell if they're really reacting to the jokes or that was just shot  without an audience.
 Like there's some things weird about that.
  I think there was an audience there, but there's some just the way it's edited.
  It is very odd.
  Well, they also keep doing cutaways to the the balconies,  the the hallway balconies inside the contemporary.
  And you can kind of see people, but not well.
  So it just looks like it's shots of an empty hotel interior.
  We've all done we've all done live comedy, especially you guys.
  And it does.
  You could probably attest to that.
  So the probably not the greatest acoustic situation to do a comedy show  in a gigantic atrium where some of your audience is 90 feet above you  and others are on stairs way below you.
  Not the optimal.
 No, no, no.
  You see, B3 will be in the center.
  The way they edit it, there's way too many applause breaks.
  We were the quality of like, well, he paints at the Mary Blair mural  and he goes, wow, when John Wayne Doodle, John Wayne Doodle,  he really and John Wayne Payne's he really paints.
  So like I also want to go back real quick.
  He sends the plaids away and he goes, meet me in Adventureland, girls.
  And you're like, yeah, super creepy.
  I will say he he had a there was a solid joke in there  because he talks about going up to his room and Donald Duck is there  in the or sharing a bathtub with Donald Duck.
  And he says, you ever tried bathing with a duck who was playing with a rubber man?  Which is kind of funny.
  That's pretty funny.
  It's like, oh, yeah, by that, if if Bob had a rubber duck,  I understand that would have a rough.
  It's an upsetting image similar to the tangerine sausage.
  Did he buy it seems to me like he didn't care about the answer.
  Did he pull each audience member and ask if they had tried to take a bath with the  I know, because many of them had already fallen asleep.
  Or we're putting diet during an aspirin under their tongue just in case because that  yeah, so he there's a little bit of monorail stuff in there.
  It's it's a really weird.
  Unless you did you have more sorry, I don't want to cut off.
  You want to tell us the whole routine?  No, I do.
 It is funny to me.
  The idea is doing a whole special bit.
  Oh, I guess the right job.
  Hope comedy routine.
  They're just kind of this place is so big.
  By the time you cross the lobby, your luggage stickers have faded.
  It's OK.
 It's all right.
  I don't know.
  You like the rubber duck one, but you don't like the faded.
  I think that's at least a standard old joke.
  I think some of the other ones are just like barely a premise.
  Yeah, I get that.
 At least it's a simple premise.
  It's clear.
 It makes sense.
  This is a big place.
 And oh, my gosh, it takes so long.
  OK, got it done.
  Here's one.
 He says something about fantasy land.
  He goes fantasy.
 You do have all the jokes written down.
  I have some.
 Fantasyland.
  He's not even on the monorail in this.
  This is just contemporary.
  Yeah, you know what? You talk about episode division.
  I think this is clearly contemporary material.
  I agree.
 This is contemporary.
  We'll return.
 This is the post credits card.
  More of the routine.
  Yeah, but it is how exciting for a stand up routine to begin  with the person being delivered on a monorail.
  Yeah, fantastic.
 Yeah, that part is great.
  If only all stand up routines began with experimental  transportation, like landing with a with a jet pack or fantastic.
  Yeah, with a big crazy propeller machine.
  Trump should have when he announced the presidency  should have gotten off a monorail and gotten on the escalator  or whatever the hell when he was in his Trump Tower.
  That famous.
 That was kind of similar in a way to the Pope routine,  like the strangest entrance you could make to a speech.
  Poorly staged.
  There's no good way to shoot it.
  Yeah.
 And Bob Hope also did a chunk about  Mexicans being rapists and thieves.
  Yeah, that was a quick, quick thing.
  They cut that from air, but right there in person.
  It played well live.
 Mm hmm.
  I'll say that in terms of old entertainers phoning it in,  I I'm definitely a Dean Martin man myself, like like Dean Martin  about to fall over half delivering dialogues.
  Delightful.
 I agree with you that I Dean Martin is better than Bob Hope.
  Yeah.
 Hmm.
 I guess so.
  I don't know.
 We're ranking her old time entertainers.
  Now let's rank.
 Yeah.
  But where does Joey Bishop fall?  Low.
 Oh, low.
 I think so.
  Yeah.
 Unfortunately tied with Peter Loughford.
  I was making Lindsay's mom and sister watch videos of Sammy Davis Jr.
  do Mr.
 Bojangles over the Thanksgiving break.
 Sure.
  As funny or were they just nice?  Did you want to like nice move them?  Oh, they were very confused.
 Why?  They were.
 I was like, well, I just sort of started  watching these videos the other day and I.
  Wait, we need Thanksgiving entertainment.
  Have I got the thing for you? I will say this.
  They were like kind of non.
  They were not interested in that and the Sammy Davis.
  But then Lindsay was like, well, put on because because they had  we had done a whole like couple days of mostly them picking movies and watching.
  And they're like, well, because I was like, look, what I like to do  is just get YouTube up and just roll through videos.
  And after the few Sammy Davis, Lindsay was like, well, show them what you  usually would do.
 And I go, all right.
  And then I went right to freak like me.
  The Spider-Man, Letterman performance.
  And they were much more into it than the Sammy Davis Jr.
  They were very key, like they were paying attention.
  Funny.
 So they wait.
  Also, several Sammy Davis performances.
  There's a couple.
 I mean, that was one of his signature songs.
  Several of the same song.
  Well, the banter changes.
  Got the banter changes.
  The banter changes.
  It's like the Genie in the Aladdin musical.
  I can't remember.
  This one is facing stage right here.
  Look, it was just like two different performances, I think.
  So we're talking all time.
  Well, Jason's not the only weird maniac on this show.
  That's never we've never.
  We've never.
  We haven't made that the most clear in this.
  There's no disputing that.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm over.
 I'm over here.
  I'm over your orgasming at neon.
  And Mr.
 Bojangles and Max Pass is my.
  So what else?  What else?  To this episode?  I don't.
 Well, in terms of plot, this might be the easiest plus up.
  Florida, please stop making the monorail a death trap.
  Please, please order new monorails.
  Disneyland.
 Keep up the good work.
  I feel like we haven't had.
  I mean, yeah, any transportation, buses, cars, planes, monorail,  anything's going to have incidents.
  And it is like there has surprisingly not been that many deaths  or major injuries on these things that run every day for decades.
  Mm hmm.
 I all I want is more and new.
  I want more in Florida.
  I don't think it's ever going to happen now.
  They've obviously gone different ways with the transportation.
  I just want more and new ones.
  I mean, yeah, I don't know.
  There's nothing else.
  But I think in the meantime, let's not.
  Why not?  Like we could just quietly retire these death machines  that are currently operating, or we can send them down with a big Viking funeral.
  We can start trying to crank these babies to 80 miles an hour.
  Let's see.
 Let's see how fast they can go.
  Let's see how crazy we can get.
  Let's start racing them.
  Let's see how many laps you can do.
  Oh, yeah, that's great.
  Monorail races.
 Yeah, I will.
  I think they should give.
  They should have new monorails for the 50th anniversary.
  Like that's such a given to me.
  And it's crazy to me that that's not like been announced.
  As far as we know, yeah.
  With the old ones, I think they should clear the routes  and clear the parks before and after hours  and give them over to the jackass guys and just see what happens.
  The jackass guys just run.
  Just if we're sending them out in a Viking funeral, who better?  Do you want Steve? Oh, a 50 year old.
  I want Johnny Knoxville to.
  They're all old.
  You want skateboarders to pilot around broken trains?  I want to get you ram the monorail into the wonders of life building.
  It's barely being used if we're going to start fresh on it.
  Let's set it down.
  They're going to get some stuff.
  Get it to jump off the track.
  Maybe maybe Ollie off of.
  I don't really know skateboarding like bounce off the wonders of life building.
  I don't know.
  Believe me, I, as you know, I love that a lot of Epcot.
  But if you could get the monorail, the monorail to just impale spaceship  earth worth it.
 Cool.
  Blow it up.
 I'm there for that.
  Couldn't we get like the impractical jokers, somebody younger that, you know,  but they don't put themselves in physical.
  That's true.
 You're right.
  They can come to jokers X jackass.
  Mm hmm.
 This is a hit.
  This will run on cable every hour of every day.
  But they're going to compete specifically with monorail related hijinks.
  I don't see why not.
  Jokers is very popular on cable.
  Very popular.
 Very popular.
  We show on cable, I believe.
  If you put on like, you know, you put on TV land,  it's just a footage of a mirror playing a play, playing true TV  speed of impractical jokers.
  Highest very highly rated.
  Sal Q, all the gang.
  We know the names.
  Wig wag.
 Yeah.
  All of them.
  You know what? I have one more nice little monorail thought,  which is that do you guys recall if the if all right,  if there was an origin story of us not becoming the serial killers we are today,  but showing our cards of insanity,  do you guys recall the moment where Mike, you got that you got us this hookup  via somebody who knew you from recognize you from screen junkies to go tour  engineering.
  Oh, and I didn't know Jason very well then, but you invited all of us  as the as the Disney, the Disney freaks.
  And we we rounded a corner up until that point.
  The Disney Imagineering building, you know, we were so excited to be there,  but there wasn't anything like jaw dropping.
  And it's just it's it's an office and it's fine.
  And then at some point you round a corner and the hallway is a monorail.
  You are inside a monorail.
  And we all like, oh, it was the most embarrassing display  for a bunch of grown men to do.
  And the the the woman who had you gave you the hookup was like,  oh, she was like weirded out by our collective shrieks at the monorail hallway.
  But hey, I stand by it.
  And I like passing that info to the listener that there's a frigging monorail  hallway.
 Yes.
 Well, she did ask, do you guys want to see the monorail hallway?  And probably more.
  No, I think that was it.
 She did.
  No, no, no.
 That's I think the monorail hallway was just a normal.
  The way we had to go that way anyway.
  I think she's talking.
  I don't think it was announced.
 That's why we.
  Yeah, yeah.
 It was not.
  You're thinking of there was another hallway that just had pictures  of imagineers on the wall.
  And she said, well, yeah, you want to go down that hallway.
  It's got some pictures of imagineer.
  And we went, oh, yes, please.
  Yeah.
 And then she was like, and then we're like, oh, look over there.
  It's it's Tony Baxter on the wall.
  And there's Bob Kerr and there's like Marty Sklar.
  And then she was like, huh?  I will say, though, when I first walked in the building,  I was enchanted because like a newsroom,  they had clocks with all the times of the world, like world like, you know,  and in newsrooms, it's usually like New York, London, Paris, all that.
  But they had it for Anaheim, Orlando, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Tokyo.
  And just delightful.
  I was delighted by these very simple store bought clocks.
  Mm hmm.
 So you were also delighted by the cafeteria.
  Yep.
 Which was a normal cafeteria.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You insisted on getting a sandwich and I had to pull you out of there.
  You didn't let me get it.
  She's like, she's got to get back to work.
  And I'm like, she's still ordering her coffee.
  I never did get the sandwich.
  That's one of the craziest things I've ever seen.
  Were you trying to get that sandwich?  Yeah, you're no way.
  No, no way.
  I am 100 percent right about this.
  She wasted so much time in the gift shop.
  She was to be nice enough.
  We had spent like an hour and 15 and she was like,  Oh, can I go get a sandwich?  And she's like, yeah, sure.
  And then like you're waiting in line and I'm like, no, she has to go to work.
  She was still in line for her thing.
  You know what? No, there's no way.
  The punchiest episode.
  There's no way of the podcast.
  And I I hate to say it.
  I'm sorry, I went mic on this one.
  Of course.
 The rules of society.
  That was my memory.
 The rules of society.
  Polite society.
  The the look that was my lunch break, too.
  I had to get back to work.
 I had to eat.
  You were late.
  You were late coming.
  You were late coming there.
  No, I walked.
 You were late.
  I walked up to the entrance with her.
  We parted.
 She was coming from the.
  I declare you were late because we were supposed to be there time.
  And Andrew Scott and I were there.
  And she our guide wasn't there yet.
  I walked in the same time.
  Oh, my God.
  Because I was messaging her when everybody was there.
  So I said, well, you know, we must well start.
  Hopefully, Jason gets there.
  And then I remember we saw you park and we saw you walk the wrong way  down the street a few blocks.
  And we're like, no, he's going the wrong way.
  Well, you know, sometimes the door falls off your vehicle.
  Sometimes you just go the wrong way.
  We all have little oopsies.
  Little oopsies for a monorail or a human being.
  I think if I don't say we survive podcast the riot now, we might not.
  Yeah, we got out.
 Oh, yeah.
  We better get out.
 I'm exhausted  before we end up in fisticuffs.
  But and you the listeners survive as well.
  Thanks so much.
  If you enjoyed this version and this trip on the highway,  in your ears, that doesn't really line up.
  Hey, let's all here.
  I'll plug the things now.
  Go to go follow Sanch where an Instagram and check out the Patreon  at Patreon dot com slash podcast The Ride.
  I think we've recently done one about the tortilla factory.
  So yes, if you're still on the edge of your seat from our monorail journey  and you want to hear about the old mission, you factory like another  shocking episode to two shocking episodes back to back.
  What is the I guess that it's that there are some shocks in there.
  Sure.
 Absolutely.
  Yeah.
 So more shocks await behind the second gate.
  Yeah.
 And did I miss anything?  Mm no.
 I don't know.
  T public shirts, whatever, you know, you got, you know, you guys know.
  And if there's real demand for checky leaks, please let us know.
  I bet there is.
  I bet there's like five listeners that are like, yeah, I would do that.
  Yes.
 And I like Mr.
  Owlweg, a wealthy Swedish industrialist.
  And I yes, I can pay you five hundred dollars a month to plan my Disney days for me.
  It's like I was a ghost kind of guiding their hands while they're at the park  and they're on the app.
  So like I would be there with you in spirit.
  So think about that when you're thinking about how much money  you would pay me to do this.
  Imagine getting on a ride and Mike is kind of massaging your hands  and just play an unchained melody in your head.
  As it happens.
  Or the yeah, yeah.
  Well, we're done.
 We're good.
  There was only one set of footprints.
  That's what Mike was carrying.
  Mike was signing up, signing me up for the 110 Roger Rabbit's cartoon spin.
  All right.
 Let's get it.
  Yeah.
  This has been a forever dog production,  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
