 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning!  The following podcast is an appalling pile of putrid emblem that would sicken a stink bug  with syphilis.
  It's Grinchmas on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to a very special holiday podcast, The Ride,  hosted by three wise men,  wise mainly in their ability  to navigate Disneyland children's menus.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson  and Jason Sheridan.
  Yes, hello.
  We speak from experience, you guys speak from experience.
  We all just went together, all of us,  and Aaron and Lindsay and our friend Anthony Geo,  and I know there was a lot of kids menu ordering.
  And our friend Andrew.
  And Andrew Grissom.
  Yeah, so kids menu in general ordering is tough  because a lot of places, the policy really is  that you should be a child.
  You don't, like they don't necessarily wanna give you  whatever the deal is unless you're actually a kid.
  Right.
  To entice parents to come in and order adult meals,  big boy meals.
  But now with this new mobile ordering,  you can order kids meals all the live long day  and they won't know who it's for  because you're not, you don't have to have a kid there.
  All it is, you order it and they put it right up  by the mobile ordering spot and you grab the tray.
  It's so easy, you don't feel guilty at all.
  Well, I believe that Disney has always been like,  yeah, whatever, yeah, buy a kid's meal.
  As long as you're spending the money, we don't care.
  Most places are like that.
  But there's a social stigma.
  Yeah, most places, like besides like McDonald's,  doesn't care if you're ordering the happy meal.
  Right.
  Why does that not feel as stigmatized as other kids?  Certainly you would not do it at a sit down restaurant  nor do I have a desire to.
  No, is McDonald's because everyone knows  it's a little high in calories and salt and everything.
  So like happy meal does shrink your portions.
  Like is that?  Maybe it's just happy meals are just such a part of culture.
  Why would you deny an adult the opportunity to buy one?  To get a toy, yeah.
  I'm not sure, I know there are places,  I don't have an example that really are like,  you have to have a kid to do the kid's meal.
  So I think probably there's, you know,  most places will do it for you.
  But yes, there's a stigma, you don't wanna look stupid.
  And I think some places, the kid's meal  is kind of a discounted meal.
  Yeah.
  So, but I don't know, not necessarily at Disney probably.
  But we.
  So doing this order is kind of, that's a little trick.
  It's a little.
  That's a hack to you.
  I thought it was pretty cheap.
  Well we went, so we went down just to contextualize this.
  Mike and me and Anthony Gia went down,  like we left LA at like 6.
30 in the morning  to be there with Disneyland.
  We did rope drop.
  We did rope drop.
  Almost to close.
  We did 15 and a half hours.
  Something like that.
  Wow.
  And so we started to get a little case of the Hungries  around 10, 10.
30.
  We were in Cars Land and we all kind of wanted a snack.
  We had gone on Guardians three times.
  We went on three times.
  Cause we did it right at one o'clock.
  Just walked right on.
  And so we went, we walked into Flo's.
  There's still seven breakfasts.
  The kids options of breakfast,  a couple of us got like a little serving of eggs,  a little thing of potatoes, turkey bacon,  a little pile of fruit.
  You had little waffles and turkey bacon.
  Little waffles, yeah.
  Little waffles.
  Your new nickname.
  Little waffles.
  My new nickname or his?  Yours.
  Oh, okay.
  Even though Mike had it.
  It's better for you.
  All right.
  Better for you, little waffles.
  Yep, little waffles.
  So yeah, so and it was like a few bucks.
  It was like five something with the AP discount.
  Yeah.
  So like when you're looking at a full plate of food,  even at Disney, a full plate of food is never 5.
75.
  It's at least I think now $8, seven or $8.
  So to have a very decent portion of food  is pretty unheard of,  which is why I think it's maybe a little discount.
  I mean, obviously everything's marked up way high,  but all you have to do to get it is fraudulently pose  as a child or a caretaker to children.
  What we did is we all four of us had big lollies  and we held the lollipops up  when we went to pick up the trays after mobile order.
  And in your case, Mike,  you had to hold it to block your facial hair.
  But a big enough lolly will do that easily.
  I believe I was there to pick up the two trays  with the four meals.
  And the one when there was like,  oh, you can come back and get the other tray.
  And I go, oh no.
  And I pointed to Andrew and I said, oh, I have a helper,  which is something that my mom or dad would say  like when I was little.
  Really playing the part.
  So and then we did this again later at night around seven.
  I got chicken nuggets and it came  with fries, apple slices and a Coke.
  Similarly priced like five or six bucks.
  You had two children's meals on this day.
  Well, but Mike, and at that one,  Mike ordered the toddler meal.
  I ordered what?  Essentially a small,  the smallest serving you've ever seen of mac and cheese  and then a pouch of applesauce.
  Yeah, it was like.
  Why that?  I wanted a little snack to tide myself over  until like an hour or two.
  And they had mac and cheese  and I didn't know the portion until I got it.
  But it was like.
  A baby cup that would fit on a tray of a stroller.
  It was probably about four spoonfuls.
  It was like a little pudding cup full of macaroni and cheese.
  That was very small.
  Five noodles.
  And then I sucked applesauce out of a little plastic package.
  Out of a tube.
  Out of a tube.
  This is perverse this day.
  That was to tide you over to then  when you had Jambalaya a few hours later.
  Then I had an adult meal.
  I had an adult meal.
  A full adult portion of Jambalaya.
  Oh, oh.
  But I had.
  We should talk about this too.
  I have to talk about this.
  I mean this might be one of my greatest  like Indiana Jones sliding under the falling wall  and grabbing his hat at the last moment.
  This was one of the most,  and I've been to Disneyland with you a lot.
  This is top five moments with Jason at Disneyland.
  And there was a Sunday.
  So there was a Sunday that was holiday exclusive  and they were only serving it at the Golden Horseshoe.
  Yes.
  And what was the Sunday?  Sure, it was peppermint ice cream.
  Sure.
  With candy cane pieces, brownie chunks, fudge.
  Fudge or chocolate syrup.
  I don't think it was, it wasn't hot when I got it.
  So I think it was just chocolate syrup.
  And then two mini churros that were filled with caramel.
  There's still stuff in the churros.
  There's stuff in the churros.
  Within it, then these are buried deep,  many layers into a sundae.
  No, they were sticking out like the sides.
  So you could dip and put it back and then spoon  and then when you were ready for more churro.
  This is a thing, you know,  they've been doing a lot of limited time food stuff.
  So that's kind of how they're paying the bills nowadays.
  That's a fun thing they do, yeah.
  Because otherwise Disney's shutting the lights off.
  No more AC at Disney.
  They'd have to build more rides or something.
  Which yeah, they're not doing that at Itosu.
  They're barely doing that.
  So I really wanted this sundae  and I didn't see it until like,  I was looking through the app and I saw that.
  And right as you guys were finishing eating.
  And your eyeballs turned into little mini churros  and exploded out of your face and then stuck back in.
  Knocked me out of my chair across the table.
  Ouch, hey Jason.
  But I said, oh, I'd like to walk over to Golden Horseshoe  and get this.
  And Lindsay said, that's great.
  I have a giant cup of Disney coffee,  disgusting Disney coffee that I need to finish.
  Right, before we went on Haunted Mansion or something.
  I forget exactly what.
  So we walked over there and there was a time crunch  because the Golden Horseshoe closes.
  Closed in about 25 minutes or so.
  I believe at like nine o'clock or was it 10?  It closed at nine.
  At nine, so we're walking toward Golden Horseshoe  and you're like, this might not be right  but in my mind you're like rubbing your hands.
  Like you're licking your lips and rubbing your hands.
  Like you're very excited about the Sunday.
  And all of a sudden, what could be here,  I'll ask this to the listener,  to Jason, what could be more attractive than a Sunday?  What would he be more excited about?  Because that is what he saw.
  Especially in the frontier land area.
  In that clue.
  Yes, like when you're looking right at Golden Horseshoe  toward the Big Thunder area, what is right around there?  And an even more limited offering than Sundays.
  You can always find a Sunday.
  I know you're all shouting the answer right now  because the answer is the Mark Twain,  open at night because Fantasmic is not running.
  Yes.
  And you were like, oh, like you couldn't,  you were collecting yourself.
  You were like, oh my, can we, is a Mark Twain open at night?  Oh, a night Mark Twain ride?  Like you kept like kind of like just questioning  the reality of it.
  Like can we go on the Mark Twain right now?  And then like it was like, we saw you make like the decision  of like Sunday versus Mark Twain, Sunday.
  And you're like, oh, when am I gonna get on the Mark Twain  again at night?  Because Fantasmic is usually running.
  I'm not sure why it wasn't running.
  Yeah, I don't know if it was just the lower crowds  because it was a weekday or it was the weather.
  It was a little chilly, but.
  Yeah, nothing crazy.
  Nothing crazy.
  Our guest Anthony Gio had not been on it before either.
  And he had said, oh, I'd like to ride,  like to see you with a shitty eating grin on your face  riding that boat.
  And we didn't get around to it during the day.
  So we just kind of written it off and then we saw.
  So we were like, okay, you're like, okay,  I think there'll be enough time.
  There's 25 minutes or whatever.
  The boat ride isn't that long.
  We got on Mark Twain, we went up to the top.
  It was a beautiful night.
  We were standing there for a while.
  Yeah, so we were standing there for a while  and we're like, is it just staying in,  is it staying docked?  Is it actually going to go around the rivers of America?  So we asked and they said, oh, it's like 10 minutes.
  845, it departs at 845.
  It departs at 845.
  So then now this is where stuff gets interesting  because Golden Horseshoe closes at nine.
  So we're like, oh, well, how long does it take  to get around?  It's probably like 12, 13, 14 minutes to get around.
  And we're standing on the top deck  and somebody encouraged you to maybe go down  to the Sunday and bring it back.
  Yeah.
  And you were like, yes.
  So you ran down.
  So I tried that.
  I think I texted Scott at this moment and I said,  Jason's going to try to get, and I have a video of it.
  Jason's going to try to go down and get the Sunday  and bring it back on the Mark Twain,  but he only has so many minutes.
  Along with a lot of gifts of Ethan Hunt,  barely escaping explosions, clouds of fog.
  So we were doing a bit where it was like  Mission Impossible, Fallout,  and you were running after Sunday.
  And I think Anthony Gio was like, same old Jason.
  I am screaming at strangers.
  I'm working on it.
  So we watch you as you run into Golden Horse.
  We're like, oh man, he's got to make it, he's got to get back.
  I go, oh, it would be horrible if he missed the Mark Twain,  but he had a Sunday in his hand.
  The best if he could barely jump, barely make the leap.
  With Sunday intact, it almost splashes out of the,  it leaves the cup entirely  and then splashes back down perfectly.
  Or it landed in a lady's hat  and then he eats it out of the hat, like a lady's big hat.
  And then he's like, excuse me, madam.
  And then he takes the hat.
  A makeshift bowl.
  I'm MacGyvering this.
  So all of a sudden we see him emerge  from the golden horseshoe with no Sunday.
  And we're like, what the fuck, what's going on?  And I did though, like,  Yeah, yeah, you made a signal.
  When you call this motion, like nah,  not gonna happen.
  We're kinda running your hand across your neck.
  And then you come up and you're like, line's too long.
  It's not gonna happen.
  Line's too long, line was not moving.
  No one was getting, it was taking a while.
  So then, Mark Twain,  and then the boat starts going around  and we're checking the time  and it's a lovely little trip around at night.
  I don't think I've ever done it at night.
  It's very nice.
  I think by the time we passed the hungry bear  I had put it out of my mind the Sunday  to just enjoy the boat.
  Cause I'm like, well, we're not gonna get back in time  and get unloaded.
  But I still have my eye on the time.
  But Mike still had his eye on the time.
  And I was like, it's gonna be close.
  So we're coming back at the dock.
  And we come back on the dock  and it's a short little jaunt from the dock  to golden horseshoe.
  You held your phone up.
  Yeah, and was it 57 or 58?  It might have been 58.
  It was 8 58 when we docked, I think.
  So even then that's a process  of waiting for the doors to open.
  You gotta get the people out of the way  and you're trying not to knock people out of the way.
  So I was like, I think you maybe can do it.
  So you went to the front  and Anthony Geo was right behind you.
  Yeah, this has been documented.
  Multiple photographers, multiple angles apparently.
  I've only seen some of them.
  So the boat, finally they open up all the doors.
  You and Geo and I, I'm also like in tow, I'm behind.
  And you guys take off.
  And I look at my phone and it's 59.
  It is 8 59.
  And you are walking, walking, walking, walking.
  And I'm looking and I can see now.
  And then Lindsay got held up for a second.
  And I kind of like looked back to check where she was.
  I looked over, you make it in the door.
  I can see the employees.
 I can see cast members.
  I can see the employee taking the exit stops  out of the door.
  Anthony Geo makes it in right.
  The guy closes the door behind him.
  And you guys made it in and I couldn't believe it.
  It was like the most triumphant moment.
  You made it into Golden Horseshoe.
  Saloon doors that were closing.
  And you got your goddamn Sunday.
  I got it, I got it.
  And I got to witness the,  there's like two people ahead of me.
  They're running two different,  there's serving hot food on the one side.
  And then there's another guy making ice cream stuff.
  And when the person ahead of me just orders like  chicken fingers, I can see him kind of leaning next  on the cashier.
  Like he's like, what's this last guy gonna do?  What's this last guy gonna do?  And I say, one peppermint holiday Sunday, please.
  And he didn't throw his hands up, but I could tell he like,  I could tell he was like, all right, one more.
  Like kind of got up from his lead and made it.
  And he made it fast.
  Like he was ready to go and it was delicious.
  And like we had an Indiana Jones fast pass  and you were like, you guys go.
  Go ahead, I'm eating this Sunday.
  I'm not gonna scarf this down.
  So you ate it alone,  but you ate it in the Golden Horseshoe, you took it out.
  I took it back to where, across from the Jungle Cruise.
  By Bengal Barbecue.
  It's very nice indoor seating area by Bengal Barbecue.
  And walk, and then we came and rejoined  because during all of this,  Aaron and I had broken off  to have a quiet dinner by ourselves.
  I'm very pleased with that decision.
  But I, to walk back up to you having,  just sitting here with the final,  I think you'd left the churros as the final component of it,  or at least one of them.
  Well, I was, yeah, I was kind of going back and forth,  trying a little bit of everything.
  And yeah, I definitely left some churro  for the end for dipping.
  So this, in level of like, tier of treats,  this is a high tier treat, you think?  Yeah, I think it was a high tier treat.
  And I kind of did something,  usually I like to have some bigger meal throughout the day,  but this day I sort of just kind of snacked through the day.
  And I did find that very satisfying.
  And it was extra satisfying to have this high level treat  at the very end.
  With steaks, and with the wind lapping behind  of the closing doors of the saloon.
  The fallout of all my good intentions?  Delight!  I will say this, there were two points,  because we showed up much later,  and split off for a little bit,  and both times that I needed to convene or reconvene  with the group, both of them,  one was Andrew and one was you, Mike.
  It was, like, so where are you guys at?  Well, we're getting Jason a snack.
  Which I love the we're getting, it's very parental,  like, he needs his juice.
  His go-go juice.
  He already had his packed snacks,  so he needs a purchase.
  And you did have packed snacks.
  I did have packed snacks, yes.
  You really do, you bring a big bag full of stuff  to the parks.
  I mean, it was a long day there,  but you bring a whole thing, like a picnic lunch.
  I used to be real no bag, and then I found it better  to go back to an old Boy Scout trick,  and when you're camping or hiking in colder weather,  it's better to wear lots of layers.
  Lots of thinner layers, and that way, if you get hot,  you just remove some of them,  but you still gotta put them somewhere.
  So rather than carrying one big bulky coat,  I had a sweater and a t-shirt and a lightweight coat.
  And a Swiss Army knife that every piece that came out of it  was a pretzel or a.
.
.
  A granola, yeah, Nature Valley crunchy granola bar.
  Or a peppermint stick.
  Yeah, an important tool for the parks.
  Well, harrowing adventure here,  and on the snack front, we should say,  as we record this, we're enjoying a holiday feast  that is far greater than five macaroni noodles  meant for a toddler.
  We've generously been provided a huge plate of meats  and cheeses from our friends at Cheesemongers  of Sherman Oaks, our friends Kia and Tyler,  who listen to the show and have come up on the show before.
  They made us a really nice little platter  and a note written to us good boys,  and we're working on clearing the plate.
  We will not be leaving drops behind,  this is just as Mike is want to do  at your Liberty Taverns and such.
  No, I would not disrespect the plate  like I did the plate at Liberty Taverns.
  Our eyes were exactly the right size for our stomachs.
  And yeah, that was great.
  This is just, they're not an official sponsor  other than that they gave us cheeses and stuff.
  But I'm just, I'm a fan of what they do,  and if you're in the LA area,  go to Cheesemongers of Sherman Oaks  and tell them your podcast's a ride, fan.
  Because Kia once got recognized as being a fan of our show,  and she was very delighted by that.
  To be recognized for fandom.
  She also, she made an effort to make a plate  that was suited to, like it's cheeses and meats,  it's not super sweet,  but brownies were included for the treat boy here.
  And I said best brownie I've had all year.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, before we start recording,  yes, that's high praise.
  I've had some dry brownies this year.
  I feel like- This one was not dry.
  This happened in 2018.
  I don't know.
  I feel like any time I go, you know,  you go into a bakery or cafe in LA,  and they have like a case of stuff,  and so many times been like,  ooh, that brownie looks good.
  Oh look, it's got a little caramel drizzle on top.
  Then God knows how long it's been sitting there.
  It ends up being very dry or overcooked.
  So, but these brownies, Kia,  I'm gonna be asking for the recipe.
  Yeah.
  This was perfect.
  I was like, we're trying to figure out,  what is their way to customize it to us?  And she was asking me, what are the guys like?  And I'm like, well, Jason likes sweets,  and Mike likes blue alcoholic goo.
  Colors.
  Which is why she included kintz paste.
  That's as close as she can come.
  It's almost like a Jell-O.
  That's a really undercutting kintz paste.
  Like a spread.
  Yeah, a spread.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's as close to like a jam or something.
  Yeah, it's jelly.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, so that's an attempt to get,  that's as close as they could get  to your variety of alcoholic beverage.
  If she could have dyed a wheel of cheese  all the colors of the rainbow,  that would have been something I'd be into.
  The olives are pretty brightly colored green.
  Yeah, but not bright enough.
  Cheesemongers tip for Kia,  just set, you need a kid's menu.
  You need a wheel of cheese that is  where you have dyed all of the,  you've dyed the cheese every color from red to purple.
  Neon colors too, like those crayons  they introduced in the 90s.
  Remember when they were like neon crayons  in the Crayola box?  Oh, sure, yeah.
  You know what I'm talking about?  All of those other colors that goldfish are.
  When you see goldfish that are not just the orange,  when they're also green and purple.
  Yeah, that's it.
  Yeah.
  That's the answer.
  If there's only one plus,  so that's the plus up we would do  with this fine cheese store establishment.
  Ruin the cheese with colors.
  More dyes.
  More dyes, please.
  I also, I was trying to find Disney connections  to any of this and what they included.
  And in the plate there was some duck salami.
  Yes.
  Like Donald.
  Oh, eating it.
  So it's like we got to feast on Donald's remains  as we sat here.
  That's nice.
  Isn't that a sweet way to put it?  Yeah.
  And also a type of salami called mole salami,  but it looks like mole.
  And she has had to assure people  that this is not meat made out of a mole.
  I would bet it would be fun  because mole is a Wind in the Willows character.
  So we're like, we're eating mole.
  Toad's friend mole.
  Yeah, so that's another like theme possibility  is yeah, toad meats and badger meats.
  I'm sure they're all fantastic.
  So yeah, there's a menu.
  That's really what Disney should put on the menu  is you should be able to visit all your favorite characters  and then meet your favorite characters  and then eat your favorite characters.
  Sure.
  Eat a mouse.
  Oh man, if Mike could get an all you care to eat  family size platter of mighty Akron meat.
  Oh my God.
  Whoa, I like how you said all you care to eat.
  Well, that is, I'm just following the-  Is that the new way to write it?  That is Disney switched, I think a lot of,  some restaurants switched to from all you can eat  to all you care to eat as a way to try and trick people  to like don't just eat until you can't eat anymore.
  Just eat a normal meal.
  I think it's a thing that came up.
  I'm sure it's working.
  For the obesity epidemic, yeah.
  But yes, I would feast on the Banshee AKA the mighty Akron.
  That would be, they don't serve that.
  They really should serve like,  the canteen and Avatar, which is one of the best  quick service restaurants at any theme park I feel.
  They don't make fake, they don't say like chicken  is Akron or something, but they should.
  That would be fun.
  Also something that Bikia Cheesemongers  or any aspiring restaurateur could do,  somebody, and you could spell it differently.
  It doesn't have to be spelled like the fox  and there's eventually Disney owned word Akron.
  You could spell it like crab with a K.
  You could get it off a little bit,  but if you could be the first establishments  to get Akron meat.
  And also it's a small investment,  but you would have to like, I guess, travel to Pandora  to get it really, but if your restaurant  got a teleportation, an Avatar pod,  and then you could go to that world,  hunt the Akron, kill it and bring it back  to earth with you, that's a hell of an angle for a restaurant.
  Yeah, that's great.
  I mean, theme parks are getting more immersive  and maybe that's the next step of we'll be able  to hunt our own quick service meals.
  That's the only way to eat at the Evermore Park,  the fully immersive one is you have to  kill your meal before you eat it.
  Or like a mystical creature.
  A boar isn't mystical.
  And in the Disney of the future,  you have to walk up to a Clarabel cow.
  Oh, and milk her.
  Yeah, get your milk from her.
  She's friendly about it, she's perfectly,  she knows what she is, she's a cow.
  Some of those cheeses did say made by Clarabel on it,  so I guess that's what.
  That was another, is that real?  No.
  Okay, I don't know the name of the chi.
  I've got the ones Kia provided.
  Yeah, sure.
  You said she works closely with the farm,  so she works with Clarabel's home.
  Yeah, she worked with the big Thunder Ranch before it closed.
  Oh, sure, yeah.
  It was all cheese from those goats.
  Yeah.
  One of my favorite things on the trip was that  we all had waters from that kid's meal in breakfast  and you went back to the counter to exchange it for a milk.
  Yes, because it's protein.
  Protein helps fill you up.
  Also, I had a giant bottle of water in my bag.
  A carton of milk, though, like a school child.
  So here's the part of the podcast where the eater  of the toddler mac and cheese is roasting  the drinker of the child's milk.
  I sucked apple juice out of a little packet, like a.
  Apple sauce.
  Apple, excuse me, apple sauce.
  I slurped apple sauce through a straw, essentially,  in a, what do you call it?  Not a juice box, what are the?  Capri Sun.
  Like a Capri Sun.
  It was like a Capri Sun and I sucked apple juice out of it.
  But I didn't go back to get it.
  That's the difference here.
  That's the issue.
  That's the thing that makes it better.
  We finally found the line.
  I was also.
  It was a return trip.
  I was getting Tabasco, too, for the eggs.
  That's true.
  And you also said you were gonna go get a roll or a biscuit.
  I was gonna buy an a la carte biscuit  because the biscuits looked really good  and I decided I didn't need the carbs.
  But then you came back with the milk.
  I came back with the milk.
  I just thought it was fun.
  Yeah, it is fun.
  It was like a carton of milk.
  Now you know, if you're wondering,  what is the dream world of visiting the parks?  A lot of people, yeah.
  Think about that.
 With the guys themselves,  the real guys.
  You know it involves carb considerations  and child's milk cartons.
  Thrown out the window as I made everyone wait  while I went to a little pop-up shed  to buy a pot roast sandwich.
  That is true.
  We were waiting there and it wasn't so long.
  It wasn't so long.
  They have the food festival now in California Adventure  and they have all these different foods.
  And you went to buy.
  I went to get jalapeno spicy latkes  because I was like, ooh, that sounds good.
  Jason was eating 11 a.
m.
 spicy latkes  at one of these carts.
  They were out and so then I went to the next cart  and I got a small beef sandwich,  small pot roast sandwich.
  Pretty small, like Club Earl.
  We should post the timestamps  of when all of these meals occurred.
  Should write these in a fancy calligraphy font.
  Should make this a limited edition.
  So like a tapestry that you could mount on a wall  if you wanna honor Jason's meals for the day.
  Or it's a 2019 calendar honoring  every month is a one through 12 items you had  on this particular day.
  Oh cool, March is a Clif Bar and coffee he made at home.
  All right, merch on the way in 2019.
  But hey, we can't skip past 2018  because we're currently in the holiday season  and we have to acknowledge the reason for the season.
  The real, the true, like why this time of the year matters  and that is Grinchmas.
  Merry Grinchmas to everyone.
  Grinchmas, I don't care if it's PC to say or not.
  I'm saying it, Merry Grinchmas.
  Happy holidays.
  I've been saying to everyone on the street,  I don't care who hears it.
  Okay, so Grinchmas if you don't know has been a tradition  for almost two decades running at Universal Studios  both Hollywood and Orlando.
  Really just ever since the finest film  thus far of the millennium, the Jim Carrey, Ron Howard,  How the Grinch Stole Christmas came out  in the year 2000.
  We're now, we're heading into 2019.
  We're almost 20 years into this millennium.
  Has a film topped it?  We got off to such a strong start.
  It is still the movie to beat in the 2000s.
  It is an unstoppable juggernaut.
  Everyone has a tradition with it.
  We all do obviously now.
  We're excited, even though we don't have kids,  we are all thinking about having kids to show them this,  to continue the tradition on.
  It would be the primary reason, yes.
  To pass the fine tradition of Grinchism  down to a new generation,  because I'm worried it's gonna slide.
  And everybody's so mixed up now,  what with this new one?  This new Grinch who's, he's making it a little too personal  with these ads all around LA telling you  your acting career isn't going good.
  He's too mean.
  You didn't learn those sides well enough.
  Are those customized for each city?  In Detroit, is it about the auto,  is he roasting the auto industry?  The water, the drinking water?  Oh God.
  They criticize farms in Kansas,  and they tell Pittsburgh steel workers,  hey, your steel sucks.
  The Grinch goes there.
  Did Donald Trump reopen those steel mills?  I didn't think so.
  He's roasting coal miners.
  But just like Trump, we like, he speaks his mind.
  We want the Grinch to be honest.
  That's what we like about him.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But even still, I think this new Grinch is too rude  and too animated.
  And I want my Grinch will always be,  well, not the original Grinch, that was animated as well.
  To me, the Grinch needs to be live action,  and it needs to be an actor who is suffering  for 20 hour days covered in yak fur,  and have in so much pain that he needs a CIA expert  to help him cope.
  Yes, I think that's right.
  I think that you wanna see that suffering on screen.
  And that's a big part of what makes the Grinch,  you really believe why he's such a Grinch.
  It's because you can feel Jim Carrey's pain,  and having like PTO, no, I guess that's later he has PTSD.
  Panic attacks in the-  He went hard.
  He's covered in a lot of makeup,  and he went hard in that movie.
  He did, and that is a true fact that he,  it was like, I think the first makeup application  for this film took eight hours,  and the story is that he kicked a hole in a wall  and said, I can't do the movie.
  What a prima donna.
  Yeah.
  He's not willing to do eight hours of makeup every day,  and I think they got it down there, it got better,  but I think where it truly got maddening for him  was the contact lenses,  because he had to put in the little reptile style contacts.
  And I did a video one time where I was like,  it was kind of Grinch,  I was playing sort of like a Dr.
 Susie character,  and I was essentially naked,  and then covered in fluff,  something was sprayed on me to give me a furry texture,  and then there was talk of giving me contacts,  and I think I must have flashed to Jim Carrey and gone,  I think I'm going so insane already,  I think that will be the final thing,  because there was one other video where I did wear  little contacts, and it drove me crazy,  because I don't wear contact lenses to begin with,  so then these weird,  that's a hard thing to wrap your head around,  putting those up, but apparently, anyway,  back to Jim Carrey,  apparently he put those in, and for some reason,  the fake snow that was all over the set  was just gravitated to those contacts,  so he has no, none of Jim Carrey's real skin is visible,  or he's covered head to toe,  and then fucking snow is filling up in his eyeballs  that already have contact, horrible, what are you doing?  Can you see, you can see out of him,  just like everything is green as well,  and also distorted because of the way the thing looks?  I'm not sure, I haven't done that level of monster,  I haven't done the Marilyn Manson contact lenses,  I just did something that tinted my pupils blue one time,  and I hated it so much.
  When did you see blue, basically?  No, I don't think I did, it ends up being fine,  but if you're not used to putting on contact lenses.
  I'm sure they make it a little cloud,  I have never had contact lenses,  and I did ask an eye doctor once,  I was like, oh, could you size me for them,  just in case I decide to try them out,  and they're like, yeah, just a heads up,  just a reminder, you're pretty bad  at stigmatism in one eye.
  And so he's like, so he put one in the one eye,  and that felt okay, felt a little weird,  but I had never had it done before,  he put it in the other eye, and within 30 seconds,  I was like, take it out, take it out, take it out.
  Did it hurt?  It did hurt, it was simultaneously painful and annoying.
  Oh, interesting.
  Now there are special contacts  for people with this stigmatism, you can get it,  but it does cost more, and you have to make sure  you get the right ones and stuff, but.
  The one that always seemed the scariest  was that when Jordy and Star Trek The Next Generation  would take his visor off, they'd have to put  an opaque contact, because he's blind on the show,  and he couldn't see anything.
  Oh.
  Which always sounded like I would have a panic,  claustrophobic panic attack with that.
  No kidding.
 But I was like, God,  how often did he, once in a while,  he would take the visor off.
  Yeah.
 But, yeah.
  Just a solid wall inside your eyeballs.
  Yeah, they would have to coach me through a technique  to make, we just did, maybe we'll talk about it later,  we just did a seance at the Magic Castle,  the Houdini seance, and this,  I sometimes sleepwalk in the middle of the night,  if the room is too dark, I get weird,  and I'll be like, where's the bathroom?  Or something, or where's the door?  I usually can't find the door, and Lindsay  will have to be like, oh, it's over here.
  And she sent me into a brief panic attack  because the guy running the seance was like,  all right, I hope everyone's okay being in the dark.
  She goes, I hope you're okay being in the dark.
  She was kind of joking, and I spiraled for a minute,  just a minute of like, oh my God, yeah, what,  and I'm like, okay, it's fine, it's fine.
  But I truly was like, should I tell them  I'm going to be bad in the dark, or should I?  Wow.
  It's funny, when he said that,  it will be pitch black in here when I turn it down.
  I did think, like, hope old blackout curtain mic's okay.
  Yeah, but, so I could see, like,  I have that sometimes knee-jerk little panic attack thing.
  I put on, for a funny or die, I put on a helmet,  a racing helmet, because those are very tight  over your head.
  Yeah.
  So the idea that it was tight, I think,  is the psychological thing, so I like squeeze it  over my head, and for like a minute or two,  I was like, you're not going to get out of this ever.
  It's never going to, you're never going to get out of this.
  And I had to be like, okay, all right,  it's fine, everything's fine.
  They're going to have to chainsaw you out of it?  Yeah, and the same thing happened when I was fitted  for this thing that the bit I never did on Conan  is when I had to put on a big fat suit,  and they squeezed me into it, and my arms were over my head,  and they got stuck over my head, and that was the worst,  because it was like, you're never getting out of here.
  You're never getting out of here.
  And then they pulled it down on top of me,  and I was like, kind of seeing, like,  I was a very small circle in the room,  and no one's paying attention.
  Obviously no one notices, because I'm not, like, screaming.
  And then I was like, could we, could you, like,  put this on a different way?  He's like, oh, yeah, yeah, maybe,  luckily they cut it off.
  But like, so I can see, those things, which are very minor.
  You thought you were going to have to live as a fat man  the rest of your life.
  I was going to.
  When the doctor breaking the news, it's not coming off.
  It's grafted to your body now.
  Your skin has accepted it, and this is just your skin now.
  This is your skin.
  It's slowly turning into actual skin, cell by cell.
  Hey guys, it's Mike here.
  I have a little message about a company called Everlane that makes some awesome clothes.
  Look, would you buy a t-shirt for $50 if you knew it only cost $7 to make?  No, of course not, you would not.
  With Everlane, you never overpay for quality clothes.
  Here's some great stuff about Everlane.
  They only make premium essentials, using the finest materials without the traditional markups,  and they tell you the real costs, so you know you're never overpaying.
  Everlane wants you to know what you're paying for and why.
  They're very transparent about every step in their process,  from the materials they use to the ethical factories they work with.
  Now, Everlane sells directly to you.
  Their prices are 30 to 50% lower than traditional retailers.
  Their clothes look better, cost less, and last longer.
  They have essentials like the Cotton Crew t-shirt,  and they're exactly what they should be.
  Simple, stylish, and they're made from quality material.
  Now, I got some Everlane clothes.
  I wear them a lot.
  I have the Air Oxford shirt.
  It's like a salmon-y color.
  It's wonderful.
  The 365 fleece.
  It's relaxed crew.
  It is, I look wonderful.
  People compliment these clothes.
  They say, Michael, you look good.
  Here's the thing.
  Everlane's timeless essentials are just what you're looking for.
  No frills, just quality.
  And right now, you can check out our personalized collection  at Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  Plus, you'll get free shipping on your first order.
  That's Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  Everlane.
com slash theme park.
  You guys will look as good as me.
  Now, to contextualize all of it, so like, yeah,  so when you get stuff like this on,  you either have costume contacts, costume fat suits,  costume makeup, you have to be in it for hours and hours  on a film set or a TV set.
  And people like Jim Carrey, if you're the star of it,  they check up on you a lot.
  But if you're just kind of in the background,  like, good luck.
  You're just, they check on you every now and then.
  You just have to raise your hand.
  Just don't pass out.
  Please don't pass out.
  Yeah, so there's many who's extra,  the who's in Whoville that had to go through  a crazy process as well.
  They just, there weren't PAs rushing over to them with fans.
  There was like one fan for 30 Whovillians.
  Yeah.
  Well, and I bet the big concern was like,  will Jim leave?  Will he stop doing this?  Right.
  Because he had to be in that costume  for 92 shoot days or something.
  And they finally got it down to where it only took  three hours to put on and one hour to take off.
  Madness.
  This is the kind of, thinking about all this,  this is in kind of a crucial juncture  where movies are changing a lot.
  And I, hearing about all this, you kind of go,  yeah, maybe everything should be CGI.
  Maybe that's right.
  Maybe like, I'm, as much as any,  I love seeing an ET puppet in a scene  instead of a CGI creature.
  I prefer that in my Jurassic Parks or what have you.
  But when you're talking about a guy going mad,  needing a CIA torture expert to help him through the process  and require, and every second of the day,  he's like, his face is getting touched up.
  And like, yeah, maybe computers make sense.
  Not the worst idea.
  I was watching a video of Ninja Turtles,  the first Ninja Turtles,  and they were doing fight choreography,  but the guys were in the suits doing it.
  And I was like, man, are we ever gonna see  a Ninja Turtle movie where the guys are,  people are in the suits again?  And the answer is no, there's no way.
  Like, there's just no way.
  Because you really imagine, and then I'm like,  oh yeah, thinking about the day of work  and how hard it was to puppet,  because there's a puppet tear off to the side  moving their head, but then there's a person  in that just insane suit, big, thick rubber suit.
  I think there's fans in there,  but like, how hard that must be.
  They did three Ninja Turtle movies.
   Speaking of Conan, I don't think you worked with this guy,  but the special effects guy who worked at Conan  for a long time did the costumes for number three.
  Oh, he did?  He took it over for number three.
  And I don't remember the stats,  but he had a photo up in his office  of all of the turtle suits dangling down.
  And once they were done,  when you were done with the day of shooting,  it was gone in the wash an entire day.
  So there had to be, I wanna say,  four separate suits for all the main characters,  just those.
  So they would clean them, essentially?  Yeah, like, you're out,  the cleaning process is so intense,  like a full day is gone.
  So you're not shooting with that suit for an entire day.
  That's like a major, major wash in a shop  for a long time.
  Because they would be sweating so bad in the suit  and it would stink so bad.
  Yeah, and probably paint comes off  and probably you gotta touch up.
  But seeing this creepy dry cleaner setting  of all turtle skin hanging around.
  I'd still like to see it.
  Oh yeah, it's cool as hell, yeah, yeah.
  It's terrifying, though.
  Same guy did Short Circuit,  so there's like a, what's the guy, Johnny Five?  Oh, right, right.
  One of those is hanging around the office, too.
  And you had to wash Johnny Five every day, too.
  So you need like four Johnny Fives.
  Massage it, also.
  Make sure it's comfortable.
  So, you know, at Universal Studios,  every year you can still visit a tribute  to this glorious age of incredibly inconvenient film.
  Yeah.
  Oh, sorry, go.
  And not, again, to reiterate,  not the current Grinch movie,  current box office gross,  211,690,175 people.
  Very successful, gonna top the original's gross,  which was already, which I think was like around 250,  240 million.
  Not acknowledged.
  I went up there last night.
  There is not a drop of new Grinch.
  Why?  It is still Jim Carrey Grinch.
  I think I saw one poster from a picture at City Walk,  but that might also have been the week it came out.
  The main, the actual area of Grinchmas,  which I don't think I've clarified  if you haven't been up there,  it is essentially, this is a place called,  is it called like Universal Plaza or something?  It's like taken over this little zone  that's this little Whoville winter wonderland.
  It's not necessarily a thing through the entire park.
  So there's this miniature Whoville setup,  and within that, no acknowledgement  of new current smash hit film, The Grinch.
  Maybe next year.
  Maybe they didn't have time  and maybe they didn't wanna like muck it up.
  A different style, a very different style of film.
  It seems like they do,  like Universal was doing the illumination Grinch though  to like weave the Grinch into their universe of movies.
  And it feels very synergenistic or whatever the word would be.
  But so it's bizarre that they didn't roll that out  in this year, cause that's the Grinch now.
  Well, and they're starting to, we've got all these films  Grinch's illumination entertainment as is Despicable Me  as is Secret Life of Pets, which is coming to Universal.
  So all of that, and supposedly that's coming out  on the upper lot.
  So there'd be this little,  there's already this little illumination zone.
  Grinch is right there.
  It would make sense.
  It would all tie together really clean.
  So maybe next year is the time to roll out  the Gumber Batch Grinch.
  However though, maybe it happens  and then maybe I kinda miss Jim Carrey Grinch in a weird way.
  I think it's kinda funny that they're still committed to it.
  Well, some of the set dressings that I saw looked like  painted in the Seuss style, painted in the book style.
  Yeah.
  Sort of mixed in just.
  Well, and there's a lot of imagery around of the Seuss Grinch.
  So it's a big old mess of all Grinch.
  Yeah, the interesting thing about the Jim Carrey Grinch  is how perverse it seems to me.
  Every time I see a photo of it, it's like scary and weird  and illumination Grinch seems, you got it.
  He's straight ahead.
  It's normal.
 Sassy.
  Let me ask, did you guys see the Jim Carrey Grinch  in theaters?  No, I've never seen the entire film.
  Never seen the entire film.
  I haven't either.
  So I remember going to the theaters that weekend  and my dad and brother saw it  and I opted for the other big release  of November 17th, 2000.
  Arnold Schwarzenegger's The Sixth Day.
  Whoa.
 The Sixth Day.
  Really?  The cloning one.
  That's the one where there's two of them.
  It was fine.
  It was fine.
  I enjoyed it at the time.
  You know, this is a time of.
  The hell one.
  Is that the hell one or is that?  No.
  Oh, what's the hell one that came around that time?  That's right around that time.
  I can't remember it.
  It's like last two movies before Governor.
  It was Sixth Day and there was something about hell.
  I don't know, who cares?  Who gives a shit?  Both fine.
  Yeah, I don't know why they were insistent on seeing it  and I was like, oh, maybe I'll go see The Sixth Day.
  What'd they think?  I think they liked it.
  Yeah, I think they liked it okay.
  Like we laughed so much.
  We laughed up a storm, Jason, and you missed out.
  You missed it.
  This was also the time of Charlie's Angels  would have been at theaters.
  The first one?  Oh yeah, 99.
  The first one, yeah.
  No, 2000.
  2000.
  I think it was, I think Charlie's Angels is out there.
  I didn't see that in the theater either.
  I don't think I did.
  I've seen it though.
  Too bad no theme park presence of McG, Charlie's Angels.
  That would be, that's a perfect universal stunt show.
  Something, hold over and you're like,  hey did you see when there was a Charlie's Angels thing  still universal?  That is perfectly, yes.
  They would still have it today.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  But there's new Charlie's Angels coming so maybe.
  Well one happened a couple years, few years ago, right?  Is that longer?  There was a short-lived ABC TV revival.
  Oh, was there?  And it was so bland.
  God, I don't know.
  It was gone before Christmas I feel like.
  Wow, oh End of Days is what I was looking for.
  That was also kind of fine.
  Both of them pretty fine.
  Sixth Day and then Collateral Damage was the other one.
  He was getting, he had his eyes out the door I feel like  of the movie career towards the end.
  Well in Collateral Damage I believe was one of the movies  that got delayed because of 9-11 because like,  oh there's way too many, we gotta dial back  the terrorism attacks of this movie or people are going to.
  Yeah, a lot of movies got hit right after the fact.
  While we're talking about the film which influences  the park show and the way it has been  for many years running now,  maybe not everyone would use this term but I will call  what is on Who's Face's snouts.
  All of the, I characterize these bizarre noses they have  as snouts and to me, this may have come up when we talked  about Cat in the Hat but I am truly bothered  and disturbed by the snouts.
  I understand that if you read a Dr.
 Seuss book,  they don't quite look like you or me.
  They don't have human noses.
  However, had Ron Howard just made the decision,  yeah then it'll be a bunch of humans.
  I don't think a single person is bothered by that.
  Scott, I'm 100% with you.
  Yay, I was worried.
  I haven't written down why are the residents of Whoville  disgusting pig faced people?  I don't understand it.
  There's just.
  The Twilight Zone, that one with the pig faces.
  Yes, I wrote down are they related to the characters  in the Twilight Zone's Eye of the Beholder episode  because it looks just like that.
  It doesn't make any sense.
  I went and found screen grads from the cartoon special  and from the book and I'm like they're just kind of,  cartoony but they're still human.
  Their hair is weird.
  It's not full on, they do not have bizarre animal faces.
  That was a big swing for the Howard movie.
  That was a big choice on their part  and now we're stuck with it.
  And forever now, minimum wage actors on both coasts  have to get these jobs where in order to perform  robotic dance routines many times a day,  to have that honor, they have to put on  bizarre prosthetic snouts.
  Every single day.
  Some of them don't.
  Yeah, some of them have tiny little noses.
  Well, there's a bizarre, okay, so evidently there's a show  at Islands of Adventure that is part of,  that is not in Hollywood.
  There's a whole production in a sound stage  and you'll be interested in this.
  From the pictures I saw, it looks like it is  in sound stage 19, technically on the border of Islands.
  You enter through Islands of Adventure  but you can see into the other park.
  Sounds in age 19 often used as the impact zone  on impact wrestling.
  Oh, of course.
  Yes.
  But they build a full set and do a retelling  of the Grinchmas.
  And I didn't watch an entire performance of this  and if you, the listener, are mad that I didn't watch  a full Grinchmas show, just please have some  Christmas forgiveness for me.
  But I did skip to one random part where there's a little  girl and she does not have a snout and there's a strange  line about, well you just haven't grown into your nose yet.
  Ha ha ha.
  What do you mean?  They start, they're born with regular noses  and develop snouts through puberty?  What are we talking about?  First of all, I just came upon a picture of  Matthew McConaughey at Grinchmas.
  Did anyone see this?  No.
  No, I did.
  It's Matthew McConaughey and Grinch and then like  two Whovillians or whatever.
  I don't know what it's from.
  I don't have any context for it.
  It's fun.
  I do, like, it's not just snouts.
  I think when you say snout, it undersells.
  Because I'm pro snout on humans for a lot of things.
  I grew up with a show called Zubilly Zoo  and they were all animals.
  They all had, some people find this show a bit terrifying.
  Yeah, I know.
  I'm no Zubilly Zoo fan.
  You know what I'm talking about.
  Ben Varine, classic kids show.
  And I get that that's a little creepy, but I like it.
  But it's an extra level of snout.
  It's an extra level of, I can't describe  what makes it so weird and creepy.
  This upturned, I think it's like having a seal's face  melded onto your face.
  I guess that's maybe, it does look like,  it looks like experimenting was done.
  It looks like, it doesn't look natural  and it looks like experiments were done on the Whoville.
  So there's maybe some horrible backstory  of some island of Doctor Moreau  where he engineered the Whoville's residents  to be half snout, half human.
  Once humans have been synthesized with seals  then I will have achieved my ultimate purpose on this earth.
  Yeah, why?  What is that?  I mean, like, I don't, it doesn't square  with my image of the book.
  I read the book as a child and I watched the special  and I did not think, oh, oh, mom,  can we put on the special where the monster  bothers the seal people?  It is not an accurate, they could have absolutely,  so much plastic is saved over many decades.
  They don't do this.
  And they're not like that in the special.
  If anything, their hair is the interesting part.
  They're furry.
  And they're kind of furry, yeah.
  Curly-Cue hair, yes, that's plenty.
  They're all furry and like,  they could have all just been furry.
  Yeah.
  Just make them all like Chewie.
  We're just none of it, which is one of the only  good choices in the Mike Myers cat in the hat.
  Right.
  Is that we don't have snouts.
  Or, what do you call a seal's face?  That's, we need to, what's the actual term here?  Face is fine.
  But a, I guess a seal has a snout.
  A snout isn't specific to one type of animal, is it?  Don't think.
  Well, there's no seal people is the point  in the only good thing.
  But you know who is a seal person?  Thing one and thing two.
  And they are horrible in that Mike Myers one.
  I mean, they're definitely freaks of nature.
  Another thing, by the way, just side track,  we already covered, we talked about the Mike Myers movie  a little bit a while ago.
  But did you guys come across this,  that when Theodore Giesel's widow  made the deal with Universal,  she was really, she really specified,  the actors who star in any of these films  have to be of the top tier box office talent.
  Like it's, we're talking, and they,  she listed like Jack Nicholson, Tom Hanks, Jim Carrey.
  And so one of the people on her list was in it.
  But in the, if you think about it now,  in the pursuit of getting the biggest stars in the world  to be the Dr.
 Seuss characters,  Jim Carrey is like literally going and say  he might snap entirely because he's on a CILA  level of torture.
  Mike Myers, do you remember the fact that he like  was forced to do that movie?  Because of the Sprockets?  Yeah, the Sprockets movie fell apart  and it was to like make good with DreamWorks  or Universal, I guess.
  And like there was all, in the fallout of the Sprockets  movie, people were like following him and bugging his house.
  And he was like being, there was this like  bizarre top tier harassment going on of Mike Myers,  thus resulting in him being forced,  resulting in him being forced into fur for many hours.
  Both of these films are just literally torturing  giant movie stars.
  And I remember, I mean the story is that  the Mike Myers cat in the hat made the estate go like,  no more live action, no more live action.
  But the other thing, and this stuff came up a little  when we talked about Cat in the Hat with Jenny Nicholson,  the initial deal as reported in the media  was for three movies.
  And the third I think was Oh, the Places You'll Go.
  And that just never happened.
  They never made the third movie.
  And that was gonna be Jack Nicholson maybe?  I was gonna say, are we gonna use him?  We're gonna go to a lot of places.
  I flew with Jack's contract.
  Like famously Jack has like, in his Batman contract,  I think he got to take off for Lakers games.
  Shooting, like it was something where he got paid  so much more than Michael Keaton.
  He didn't have to work that many hours  and then he got to go to any home Laker games  if they were on the schedule.
  I don't know, he would have had going in character probably.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He would have been courtside as one of the characters.
  With a seal face and big swoopy hair.
  I think if there was apparently almost,  like somebody pitched a version  of a Jack Nicholson Grinch movie.
  And I think had that panned out,  they would have taken him into the makeup  and costume trailer, shown him all of this.
  So you'll be, it's actually Jack's fur  and it's gonna cover your body  and then we're gonna paint your face  and it'll be kind of like whiskers.
  They would have taken him through the whole thing  and then at the end, like nope.
  And then it just walks away.
  I don't think so, man.
  Not happening.
  And then they would have just like put him  under a green light and that's your Grinch.
  How about a gel and we're done.
  You know, talking about, hey Listers,  Matthew McConaughey was there  and I hear when he was visiting Grinchmas,  they did ask him, hey Matt, what do you wanna see?  What would you like to see at night  when it's dark on the tree?  And he said, all lights, all lights, all lights.
  Oh my God.
  Man.
  We really had to wait for that.
  That required, hey speaking of Matthew McConaughey,  10 minutes ago.
  How do you think I feel?  I've been waiting for that for 15 minutes.
  You've been trying to concoct that,  I think for 15 minutes.
 I have been trying.
  You're like, okay, all right, all right.
  What is the rhymes with right?  I'm thinking about the deal for the live action  Zeus movies.
  That was very good.
  Very good.
  You earned your milk.
  Here you go.
  Thank you.
  I need milk to wash out the duck salami.
  So because of the way this film is,  you get a lot of seal people and you get to go  hang out with them and watch a little show.
  Have you guys experienced a Grinchmas of any kind,  either here or in Florida?  Most of my experience with Grinchmas is going on  the studio tour around Christmas and then doing  the Grinch show for the Tram.
  The Whoville sing along on the studio tour,  which has since been canceled.
  Cancelled, right?  Oh, they aren't doing that now.
  So you would go, so generally on the Tram tour,  you go see the War of the Worlds where there's a down,  a plane and a bunch of houses or whatever.
  And then, I don't know.
  It's right before, literally next to the Psycho House.
  Oh wait, this is the day after then?  It's before, I'm getting my geography wrong.
  Weirdly, the Whoville sets back right up to the Bates Motel.
  Literally, you just share a wall.
  It's very odd.
  And yeah, you pull up in front of the Tram  and then they sing a song toward you and then that's it.
  Like a chore, that's accurate.
  And then it like, as you're pulling up,  I don't know much about this.
  I don't have a lot of the song in my head  except that a guy on stilts is like,  we've been waiting for you!  Which makes me uncomfortable.
  Why you shouldn't have?  Listen, listen seal people.
  And there are a lot of performers in my memory.
  It might be 25, but it's a smallish space.
  It's a small space.
  And you always go by it on the tour.
  It's just usually there's not performers there  and it's this weird,  it looks like it's really faded in the sun over the years.
  They have not painted it.
  And usually around Christmas time,  they just put stuff on top of it.
  Yeah, but there's like, it wasn't unfun.
  It was kind of like, oh good, the people are here.
  The Who's are here to sing.
  But it wasn't, it was.
  It's better than you would expect.
  It's not super, they put more into it than like,  like little not snoopy shows.
  Yeah, so it's not nothing,  but it is, does it make my enjoyment of seeing that set  10 times higher?  No, maybe 1.
5 times higher.
  Like, oh, oh, that was nice.
  Great, and we're going on.
  I mainly am just thinking about the madness  that sets in with the performers  because they're in seal faces.
  They got their snouts on and they're like tram after tram.
  They have to perform the exact same routine.
  There's no room for deviation  because it's a pre-recorded musical number.
  So they got to hit it exactly.
  And that's also the same zone where a Norman Bates  has to wait around to attack the tram.
  And it's like, it's kind of weird up there.
  It's like in the hills and literally there's like coyotes  wandering around that lot.
  That's the weirdest part of the tram tour, for sure.
  It's a weird juxtaposition of things, of scenes.
  The most happens up there, I don't know.
  And then no live person has shown up  for 50 minutes.
  Because stuff, yeah, stuff would happen periodically.
  And I haven't taken the tram tour so much  in the last couple years, but sometimes you would get  performers doing stunts earlier, sometimes you wouldn't.
  There would be stuff that would pop up here and there  on the tour.
  There's a little history of, yeah, I think they did  like maybe a little western shootout.
  Yes, that's what my memory is that there would be like a guy  who would do a stunt out of the second story  and fall onto a mat, do like a stunt man fall onto a mat.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, and I remember a couple times  when Norman wasn't at the Bates Motel.
  You never quite know what you're gonna get.
  Did you do the tram tour while Grinchmas was happening?  Yes, and I specifically remember not really paying attention  to any warning that this was going on  or it not being clear to me.
  So I was just, I was talking.
  I was in the middle of a boring sentence about  the Ron Howard film, which used over enough snow,  fake snow to cover eight football fields.
  And then rounding a corner and then just a musical starting.
  And I feel like I was probably in pretty high danger  of saying on mic, what the fuck is this?  I truly didn't know.
  Wow, so you were just caught off guard entirely.
  Yeah, yeah, it really threw me.
  I had to stop what I was saying.
  It's like I had not been like, I hadn't rehearsed it  or been told about it.
  There's a whole bunch of people doing a thing  and you should be aware of it  and here's what you do around it.
  Or I may have, they like, everybody had little like cubbies  where they'd like slip pieces of paper  that give you new like pages of the script.
  In your first year, you're really studiously looking at that  and okay, so I'm talking about Crossing Jordan today.
  All right, good.
  And then by the last, your last couple months,  you're like, what, I don't know.
  Like, I'll figure it out.
  So I may have just missed the memo.
  During slower production years,  80% of your script was about Crossing Jordan, right?  That was, I think for most of the late 2000s,  the primary, I still don't know what it is or.
  No idea.
  The summer I started, there was a lot of,  we had to talk a lot about Carpoolers.
  Of course.
  Which was a show with Jerry O'Connell  and I knew about it because Bruce McCullough directed it.
  So we were really trying to hype people up on Carpoolers.
  And then currently, this is different  because I think people actually watch Superstore,  but it was funny having to watch a tour guide say,  and if you look to your left,  you might see some familiar shopping carts  because they're trying to get you jazzed up  for a bunch of shopping carts.
  Shopping carts.
  The famous Superstore Blue.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  People go to the theater.
  So yeah, I didn't know how to respond  and I'm mainly worried about the stir craziness  of those actors and I still worry about the Normans up there  just playing a psycho and just sitting there by yourself  for hours on end.
  I was on.
  Crazy.
  I was unnerved.
  We were taken up around there.
  We had a walking tour of some of that area not long ago  and we stopped in a golf cart right by the psycho house.
  Yeah, by the psycho house.
  And I briefly considered,  oh, maybe I can get a picture on the porch  and then a tram came by and Norman Bates came out  of the house because they were still repairing  the motel from Horror Nights.
  Normally, Norman comes out of the Bates Motel,  he comes up to the tram, that's it.
  But they had put Norman in the house this time.
  So he comes out to terrorize the tram,  but we're on foot like 20 feet from him  and he turns and looks at us and I was like,  ah, he's gonna come after us.
  Oh, if you look to your left, look out,  there's Norman Bates and next to him,  a couple of dipshits next to a golf cart.
  Yeah, we broke the illusion.
  We did.
  For sure.
  Us and the VIP trolley, we kind of followed up that road.
  That's true, there was a VIP trolley,  we were all coming through the wreckage of the neighborhood.
  I take that stuff seriously and one time  I was wandering the lot, I was walking around there  with our friend Ryan Perez and we walked up  to the back of Jaws, so we're across the lake  watching the thing happen and I was like,  I can't let this place down, this is my alma mater,  we gotta do this right, so I made him react  to the death of the fisherman getting eaten.
  It's funny you say that and I will keep the,  whoever took us to do this secret,  I don't know if it really matters,  he said that he'll go over there on a lunch break  and they'll always react to it, so he was like,  hey, we're gonna go over to the behind the Jaws  and we'll react when the guy gets eaten.
  So the tram pulls up, we were waiting for this,  the tram pulls up, the diver, the blood, the whole thing,  he and I go, ah, we react, I look over,  Jason's on his phone taking a video of it,  not reacting at all and we go, Jason,  this is the whole thing, we were gonna all pretend  and oh, I'm sorry and then it didn't,  but you ruined it for those tourists.
  I showed them the real behind the scenes.
  You were like some sick sadist who just wanted to capture  and capture his films.
  You were playing the part of a snuff filmmaker.
  It does count as something.
  It does count as something.
  It was so funny though, because I looked over  and you were not reacting, you were just on your phone.
  When I was looking on YouTube,  I think there actually was some additional tour content  at some point in time for the Grinch,  which is that, okay, so it's not there anymore,  but in the place that is now Fast and Furious,  there was this tunnel that was,  initially when they built it, it was an avalanche  and then they painted it and it's like  an infinite tunnel effect that's spinning and spinning  and it really bugs out your perspective and makes you dizzy  and the whole tram fits inside of it.
  And so it was an avalanche first and then they painted it red  for Dante's peak to pretend you were in a lava flow,  which was a pretty tough sell.
  And then it became the mummy's tomb,  the tomb of the dragon emperor  and so it was just painted tan,  but what is it, what do you mean it's spinning around?  Avalanche makes more sense to me than that.
  It was always really odd, the whole thing was weird.
  Great effect, great effect, very story-enthusiastic.
  Yes, it does, yeah, it's a very neat,  very big haunted house effect.
  Hard to find a property to climb onto though.
  Yeah, not a lot of things fit in terms of rotating tunnels.
  So I think they did, at one point,  they tried to make that tunnel Mount Crumpet, the home of.
  Oh, they did.
  They tried to make it like a avalanche  in the Grinch's mountain home,  but by then it was already painted brown for the mummy.
  So they just kind of made it all bright green light  and bright red light and it was that you were rescuing Max  somehow, Max the dog.
  So when it was over, the Grinch is on screen  and like, you rescued Max, but I did, how?  I just saw flashing red lights in a tunnel.
  They really, a lot of lazy stuff with Grinch,  like a lot of half ideas, not a lot of money put behind it,  but here's our Christmas thing, here you go.
  I'll say this, I think you can get your picture with Max.
  Supposedly from stuff I read, Max, there's like 11 Max's,  they're rescue dogs.
  Oh, that's nice.
  Isn't that nice?  Like, yeah, they get to showcase a rescued dog,  maybe get them adopted and.
  Well, you know, they're not too aggressive.
  Hopefully they're not too aggressive.
  No, no.
  You should adopt one of the Max's.
  You should get a dog, I'm trying to get you to get a dog.
  Cute little Max.
  You should get a Max, yeah.
  So I went up there last night and there's a,  you can read a sign of Max Fax,  which are, you know, that in the film there were six Max's.
  Okay, all right.
  It says the names of all the dogs  that played Max in the film, fact one.
  Fact two, the film featured enough fake snow  to cover nine football fields.
  One of my favorite things to say on the tram.
  Let's relate everything to football fields.
  Important context.
  That's fact two.
  Fact three, Max is much, much more  than just Grinch's loyal dog and unwitting accomplice.
  He is also his moral compass.
  Fact?  I get, about the character?  Now we're not so much in logistics.
  Fact four, please listen to the trainer's direction  when you meet Max.
  Thank you and merry Grinch's.
  So there's really only two facts in there.
  One is just kind of a little character analysis  and one is just, hey, don't be mean to the dog.
  Yeah, don't turn your flash off.
  That's an instruction, not a fact.
  Weird sign, guys.
  Yeah, that's what, I think I feel good about this podcast  where I harangue makers of signs in theme park locations.
  Put them in their place.
  Yeah, they should know what's coming.
  Signs in front of places where rescue dogs  are given opportunities to care of people.
  But I do have to say with the interview I saw  with an animal trainer, he's like, yeah, you know,  get people thinking about rescue dogs this time of year  and people getting dogs for Christmas.
  No, don't get people thinking about that.
  This is like a bad time for it  because what happens is a lot of people  get animals for Christmas and then a week later  they return them to shelter.
  Like so, folks, alls we're saying,  if you're gonna adopt an animal,  make sure you can commit to that.
  Do it in the off season.
  Do it in the off, just please, yeah,  it'd be great to clear the shelters for Christmas.
  Just make sure you can handle the commitment of an animal.
  Can you?  Can I?  Yeah.
  No.
  You're going away for the holidays.
  So in January you'll get one, I got it.
  Okay.
  I'm gonna get you a St.
 Bernard for Christmas,  but I'll give it to you in January.
  You know, I hear are, I mean, it'd be very fun  if I had a giant dog.
  Dog and man, same size.
  Dog and man, same size.
  I think-  He's gonna have the barrel around his neck too.
  I hear they're very, very manageable dogs  and they are beautiful gray hounds.
  Oh yeah.
  They're aren't they gray, oh, they have a ton of energy.
  Not really, that's what we associate them  because of unfortunate history of racing.
  But if you take them for a couple quick walks a day,  they mostly like to sleep.
  Oh.
  And they're very affectionate and yeah.
  So you want a gray hound, not a purebred gray hound?  I would love a lanky alien look.
  I like that they look a little spacey gray hounds,  adorable dogs.
  Yeah, well, I'll think about it.
  I think those might be,  well, I guess St.
 Bernard expensive too.
  Muts are obviously always cheaper than-  You're gonna buy Jason a dog?  Well, in this hypothetical comedy-  Please do not adopt me a dog.
  Comedy scenario.
  But I'm not gonna, yeah, I don't know.
  That's a little bit of a, that is a little far for a bit.
  But the idea of him and a gray hound or him  and a St.
 Bernard living together is great.
  Yeah.
  You should just do it.
  No one should, it's your choice to make.
  That's true.
  All right, fine, I won't adopt Jason a dog.
  I won't forcibly adopt him.
  You can cover the adoption costs.
  Let's compromise a bit.
  Oh, the adoption costs, they have deals.
  We got Edwin, I think he was 75 bucks.
  Yeah.
  You can get a real deal if you go into these shelters.
  Less than the price of Universal Studios admission.
  And you get a lifelong friend.
  Wow, but at Universal you get a $15 beer.
  That's fair.
  Which by the way, I was wandering around up there  last night, checking out the Grinchmas festivities,  got myself a Dufftoberfest, the seasonal,  which I think I mentioned previously,  the current seasonal Simpsons beer.
  I think in the running for, like,  could be best theme park beer.
  Could be like best, not that there's a lot  that are made specifically for theme parks,  but it's like, I don't know, I mean,  I like those Harry Potter ones a lot too,  but Dufftoberfest is solid and nice and like wintery  and toasty and no line at like the Duff Gardens area  walked right up.
  Dufftoberfest completely original theme park Simpsons IP.
  There's never, is there an episode of Simpsons  where they have Dufftoberfest?  Could be like on the Duff tour maybe,  but I kinda like that.
  The original Simpsons IP now created in the park  and maybe you could see it in the show.
  If we tweeted Al Jean, we can get Dufftoberfest  into an episode.
  It'll be a whole episode probably.
  They're out of ideas obviously.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever they can take.
  Yes, absolutely.
  So you were up there, I mean, reading the marketing,  it definitely feels like the holidays,  universal marketing materials for Orlando and Hollywood,  they're really pushing the Harry Potter Christmas stuff.
  Grinchmas is still on the websites and all.
  There's still show times, all of that,  but they're coming hard with that Harry Potter stuff.
  Yeah, and it was so crowded.
  There was a line just to get into the land.
  So I didn't give it a shot.
  And it was just like,  just super crowded up on that upper lot in general.
  It was kind of a mess.
  And the main thing that kinda drives people to Grinchmas  at night is this tree lighting ceremony  that happens every half hour.
  And this is a zero sight lines experience.
  There is no, it is so impossible to get an angle  of this thing, because there's just pillars and trees  and signs everywhere.
  So there is so much jockeying for space  and people standing up on chairs and climbing up on planters  and pushing each other out of the way.
  And I went and stood up on something to get a view  and I thought I had cleared some people behind me,  but I had not.
  So I heard somebody behind me, excuse me.
  I turned back, I'm very like, I'm just like,  oh my God, I thought I was not in front.
  I thought I'd clear you guys.
  A husband apologetic wife staring at me  like that clerk who wouldn't approve the gay marriages.
  Just like staring daggers.
  So, and in general, everybody's getting bumped  and jostled and nobody, they gotta figure out  how to meet the demand of the tree lighting ceremony.
  The spirit of the citizens of Whoville.
  No, they're so kind.
  Their hearts grow and grow.
  And probably have less of a problem in Orlando  because they have all of Seuss Landing to decorate  and play around with and stuff.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They're like trying to confine it to this tiny space.
  All told, I ended up being somewhat present  for three separate tree lighting ceremonies.
  Wow, wait, they do it multiple times a night?  They do it every half hour.
  Oh my God.
  And then you know what is a little neat,  though I didn't make it into Harry Potter,  it's kind of, there's certain views  where it's in your periphery  so you could see the projections on the castle  and the fireworks going off in conjunction  with the snowfall in Whoville.
  So that's kind of fun.
  I did get pictures of fireworks in the deep background  and fake foamy snow in the foreground, which that's fun.
  So that's always, that's a theme park staple, foam snow.
  We had foam snow on Disney.
  Yeah, as we were leaving Disneyland at like 1130  or something, it was doing that,  and the foam smelled like nutmeg.
  Really?  They made it smelly?  Yeah, it kind of had like a fall,  that sort of fall, candle-y smell.
  This seems like a good holiday thing  to add to our vernacular of what we like and obsess over.
  Fake rocks and foam snow.
  Nutmeg foam snow.
  Nutmeg foam snow.
  If you're looking for a holiday present for us,  not that you have our address or anything,  just get us a box of nutmeg foam snow.
  That's on Jason's Amazon wish list.
  You can just buy him gifts.
  That and colored lights.
  That's one of my favorite colored lights.
  We were talking to Zach Ryder,  we were talking about the Tron coaster,  and I was like, I do want to see those colored lights.
  Yeah, I said, me and I don't know,  he was so skeptical about the Tron.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But I am a real sucker for colored lights.
  Colored lights, fake rocks, nutmeg snow.
  Colored lights, who is the Grinch  that doesn't enjoy colored lights?  A colored light.
  Fun neon lights in the dark, that's the greatest.
  You got one of those light bulbs,  a few years ago you got a light bulb  that you troll with an app on your phone,  and you were delighted by it.
  Yeah, it's great, any color of the rainbow.
  You can change it for the season,  you can have red and green in Christmas,  and purple and orange at Halloween.
  Yeah.
  You know, yeah.
  What else, what are we gonna say?  Colored lights, of course, my god.
  Let's be very clear about this,  we are pro colored lights.
  If anyone in any of these theme parks  is thinking about not decorating for the holidays  in one of these years, save some money.
  Don't do it, we need it.
  Okay, so what else in my Grinchmas excursion?  You sent a postcard, right?  I did send a postcard, I guess here,  yeah, I can get into that.
  So, one of the things, one of the activities at Grinchmas  is the Whoville Post Office,  which has some sort of confusing terms.
  It isn't a place where you can send a letter  to a loved one for the holidays  with like a special Grinch stamp or something.
  It is a, I mean, it's a good thing what it is,  it's that you send a postcard to the Grinch,  and they give you an address for the Grinch,  which is listed as Whoville WV,  which I guess is another Whoville,  like Whoville, Whoville,  like it's New York, where it's the state.
  However, there is a state that is WV,  it is West Virginia, and there's a zip code listed,  so I'm like, so this is Whoville in West Virginia?  Does How the Grinch Stole Christmas  take place in West Virginia?  Anyway, you send a postcard to the Grinch,  and by doing so, they make, for every one of these postcards,  they make a donation to a different charitable cause  every year.
  This year, School on Wheels, an organization  that provides one-on-one tutoring to homeless children,  and is the only organization in Southern California  dedicated to educational needs of homeless youth.
  So it's a nice thing, I think it changes every year.
  That's a good thing, you just write a fun little postcard,  and then a donation is made.
  Good job, Universal.
  So, but to do this, you have to write a message  to the Grinch himself, and here's what comes before  the blanks of this postcard.
  Dear Mr.
 Grinch, I grew my heart three sizes this Grinchmas.
  Here are my good deeds.
  And then you have a three-step opportunity to prove  that your heart grew via good deeds.
  And there are three of us, and I thought I should list  a good deed for each of us.
  So I'll post this on Twitter so you can follow along,  but here are what I consider Podcast the Ride's  good deeds for this Christmas.
  Number one, Mike cleared his plate  and did not waste one drop of food.
  Very good, Mike.
  Number two, Jason accepted his time in the penalty box,  and thus he and Nick Mundy tolerate each other.
  And all they had to do was kick and scream  while I was in there.
  And refuse to go the second time.
  Rightfully so.
  You did your.
  All of our limits.
  Did your due diligence.
  And number three, Scott kept wine grape growers  and happily employed, and sowed the seeds of tolerance  between hashtag launch queens and hashtag no launch queens.
  That's true.
  And for these three, I think all of our hearts grew bigger.
  This year, and thus.
  That's nice.
  Universal will make a donation based on these deeds.
  So you're welcome.
  What's the size of that donation?  17 cents.
  Hey, every.
  It's an annual pass holder discount on a beer.
  Everything helps.
  So that was fun.
  I sent a postcard.
  I got to see this show where you see the moment  where the Grinch flips, where he turns and becomes good.
  You see his heart grow as a bunch of red lighting  that conveys that.
  And then the actual tree lighting things  is impressive and fun.
  And so that little show is nice  and you get to see some seal faces.
  You also get to see a beloved character from the film,  Mayor Augustus Mayhew.
  Yes.
  Let's talk about Mr.
 Mayor.
  Uh oh.
  Uh oh.
  I mentioned this on the charity land stream  that I wasn't sure you had come across.
  I was wondering.
  Yeah.
  We just did this thing for defunct land,  a little this charity.
  We're very charitable in this Christmas season.
  And Mayor came up and I was wondering  if this is who you're talking about.
  Yes.
  So I saw a report from Grinchmas,  either last year or two years ago.
  And the vlogger spent some time talking to Mayor Augustus.
  And as I said on this live broadcast,  as we have learned at this point,  all other theme park based mayors make me furious.
  Mayor Augustus was no exception.
  Yeah.
  I think he's reckless.
  I think he is not,  if one person can make Christmas go to shit in Whoville,  clearly the mayor has not put precautions in place.
  He's mayoral sash has a bunch of medals and stuff on it.
  And I want a full accounting of how he earned  all those medals because if not at best  that stolen valor at worst he is like the hollow figurehead  of a banana Republic.
  Yeah.
  What wars are occurring?  What are there like Susie and beasts stomping around?  Maybe, I don't know.
  Maybe he slayed a pack of Grinch's.
  You want medals for earned distinctions  like it being your birthday at Disneyland.
  Yeah.
  He should have had a birthday button  that would have made more sense.
  Yes, that's fine.
  Everyone has a birthday.
  I'm sorry you feel this way.
  I wasn't, I was also disappointed to hear like  who played him, who embodied this character in the movie.
  It was Jeffrey Tambor.
  Yeah.
  Kind of a creep.
  Though unrecognizable on some level.
  Yeah, once you know it,  once you know who's under that snout.
  But Martha Mae Whovier, the singer,  star of the musical review at Christmas  played by the great Christine Baranski.
  Always happy to see her at work.
  You know who was not happy to see her though  was Mrs.
 Geisel, the widow.
  Really?  Because her, she had a lot of like,  well she before the film came out,  she made a lot of cuts in the script and said,  that American pie stuff has no place in Seuss.
  So things were offensive to her that were cut from the film  and now she only has one problem with the finished movie,  which is the, as the article describes,  pillowy cleavage of Martha Mae Whovier.
  Odd word chosen by this entertainment weekly.
  By the way, I agree with her.
  Oh boy.
  Button up.
  You'll catch a cold, it's winter.
  This is a child's film.
  I do not care for that.
  Mike is chomping on his emergency graham crackers  to keep his temperaments down,  his inner humors balanced.
  The theater should at least provide an optional fence  that can be put up if the audience votes  to not see the pillowy cleavage.
  No bosom.
  I will not be subjected to that.
  Not for the holidays, it's a time of morality.
  But that's an instance, I don't think Martha  is wearing a nose, right?  Because she's gotta sing.
  She's gotta have that all clear.
  I don't know, but in the film she does.
  Oh in the film she does,  but at the Grinchmas live review,  quick little musical numbers,  and the backup dancers also didn't seem to be.
  Okay.
  Covering noses.
  Hard to sing in snouts.
  Hard to sing, yeah.
  By the way, some of the things that were cut in the,  like some sexual innuendos were cut from the movie,  but also a sequence about a family  that did not have a Christmas tree or presents  called the Whosteens.
  Oh really, Jewish Whovils?  Yeah, that was a joke in the,  I mean, probably written by a Jewish writer,  because a couple like Seinfeld guys  like uncredited wrote on this movie.
  Oh okay.
  That's fun.
  And actually, no, I bet there were like,  yeah, that's not so bad,  and then also that there was a,  that on the Grinch's wall was a stuffed  head of the cat in the hat.
  That's kind of fun.
  Grinch murdered the cat in the hat.
  You seem to see a little dark for that movie, but sure.
  Not too bad.
  I mean, here's my thing with both Grinchmas  as like a theme park event in that movie,  and I will say apparently the theme park event  is very popular, and it seems like it was packed.
  Yeah, yeah, not any room to breathe, in fact.
  I can't figure out the,  like the comedy of it, I don't know.
  I think in our comedy, we'd probably say,  I'm not sure what the game of this is.
  Like I don't know what the point,  it sounds like it is the very vestige of like,  Jim Carrey wacky, like 90s wacky, but like for families.
  Yeah, it's like, well, if there's one thing  you can pull from it, it's that the Grinch is rude  and cantankerous, I guess that's the meat of it,  and like I'm gonna go meet a guy with a lot of attitude.
  But real schticky too, right?  Yeah, yeah.
  There was, I highly recommend,  Universal made some like viral vids starring  local actors playing the Grinch,  and there's one where, especially I liked,  where the Grinch reads nice tweets,  got an inverse of the Jimmy Kimmel bit.
  People have tweeted nice things to the Grinch,  and he hates all of them and like mock vomits,  and one makes him so sick that he says like,  somebody get me a glass of motor oil  filled with broken glass.
  Which I like, I like a rude guy who eats inedible things.
  Egg shell pie, please.
  Dead is good stew.
  Yeah, that's something.
  Give me a carton of light bulbs already, jeez.
  That voice by the way is like, what is it?  Yeah.
  All these actors have had to learn this,  I was appraising it as kind of like,  sort of like Jimmy Durante.
  Yeah.
  Cha cha.
  Yeah, does he have, has anyone watched an interview  with Jim Carrey where he says like,  oh I put Jimmy Durante together with  McGruff the crime dog.
  Oh, it is like McGruff, absolutely.
  When we're talking McGruff, like it's kind of this.
  But it's a little more like,  rocks in the mouth or something.
  I bet McGruff would also,  McGruff would probably take a bite  out of the cat in the hat.
  I'll take a bite out of him.
  Sometimes I gotta take the law into my own hands.
  Unruly cat was not given permission to enter.
  Home invader, home invader.
  This is, I just decided now where you have  to eventually do the Patreon about the songs  that McGruff does that you tipped me off on  to a few months ago.
  Yes.
  Because I listen to them still a couple times a month.
  This is a McGruff album is what Mike's referring to.
  A couple of them.
  Yeah.
  You think you told me about one  and then I found another one.
  Oh wow.
  There's like a Pizza Hut tie in,  a separate McGruff album.
  And they're all about not doing drugs.
  So we'll do a Patreon only.
  Catchier songs.
  Good songs.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I know how to play them now on keyboard.
  Particularly, well I found out about it  from the Beyond Yacht Rock podcast I'm a big fan of.
  And there's a McGruff song that is like,  legitimately good attempt at Steely Dan style.
  Oh yeah.
  That is about alcohol abuse.
  Is it called alcohol?  I think so.
  Alcohol will make you sick.
  My favorite two are Make Your Body Last and Inhalence.
  Don't do inhalence.
  They'll suffer in your brain.
  And the kids choir in all of them.
  See I reach for notes.
  The Steely Dan one as he has to go high and go,  someday.
  There's one on inhalence he's like,  when some kids, other kids are taking drugs  I want you to play.
  And like he could hear the effort  and having to go down notes.
  So get ready for Mike's pitchfork level  dissection of a McGruff song.
  Oh God, do I love those songs.
  Podcasts that write classic albums.
  I played those for Lindsey's mom and sister at Thanksgiving.
  Like on an instrument?  No, no, no, the videos of them.
  So to go back, I forget what other episode  we mentioned this in.
  Mr.
 Bojangles performance is two of them.
  Two different ones.
  And then the McGruff songs.
  The McGruff songs.
  Is what you offered up as.
  The Spider-Man turn off the dark letterman performance.
  So you're just doing like a late night comedy show.
  It's like found footage festival for.
  I think I say.
  Mike's twisted.
  Videos.
  Mike's twisted vids.
  As I said, I think they had chosen most of the movies.
  So like it was the last day and they're like,  well, I go, well, you want to watch it?  I don't care about anything.
  I go, I just usually watch YouTube videos.
  And they're like, well, what YouTube videos?  And I was like, well, here we go.
  So they're doing inhalants.
  How'd it go over?  They liked inhalants.
  They thought inhalants is fun.
  Everyone who I play inhalants for really enjoys it.
  And everyone at the Thanksgiving festivities  dropped the inhalants that they were currently doing.
  Wow, Mike, you really taught us a lesson with these songs.
  Where were we?  McGruff sounds like the Grinch.
  Yeah.
  Oh, we can't, I can't figure out the tone.
  The tone of it, yeah, I don't know.
  Gruff, Gruff but schticky.
  It is like much more like,  he's Beetlejuice too, right?  In a weird way.
  Kind of.
  Yeah.
  He's like, but I mean.
  Beetlejuice also eats light bulb salads, I think.
  He likes grist things.
  I always, it's weird because the Grinch,  another of this, this just came up too.
  You have a video that you did, a very funny video,  but the Grinch and that song,  sung by another future Patreon episode.
  Oh yes.
  Thorell Ravenscroft.
  Thorell Ravenscroft, who is,  as the moon climbs high over the dead oak tree.
  And then also, you're a bad banana with a  greasy black food.
  Like they make the Grinch,  they're talking about the Grinch,  but there isn't a lot of evidence in the original cartoon  or in, and I can't remember about the book,  that he truly drinks motor oil  and he enjoys all, like he eats nail clipping.
  No, he's just a miser.
  Lives on the outskirts of town.
  But he's like a, he's kind of like a little fancy man.
  Like he's not.
  Little fancy.
  He's not so gross.
  He's not so grotesque in those things.
  This did fulfill sort of the promise of the Grinch song,  I feel like, and make the character much more grotesque  and weird and aggressive.
  Am I wrong?  Do you know what I'm saying?  Yeah, yeah.
  Cause from the cartoon, I was never like,  ugh, the Grinch.
  I was just like, oh, that's that kind of like miserly man.
  But it's a big leap that he eats, you know,  that he would eat a rat fetus pizza.
  Yeah, but they kind of say it in the song of the cartoon.
  Yeah.
  But they don't show you that he does that.
  No, but the song is,  Is it all?  Why did I, I made that video  because there's this weird song,  it's a type of sauce, what is it?  Oh God, why can't I think of it?  It's like, I think it's more, it's comparing him.
  It's about you're a rotten egg.
  Okay, right.
  In hollandaise?  Mixed with a Dracula fart.
  So it's not, yeah, so I guess nothing in the song  actually says he eats any of the things,  just comparing him to the worst stuff.
  So okay, so he's standing.
  It's not saying that unless they cut a little side track,  which he eats.
  So then that, I guess, makes my point better, actually,  that he's sort of, it makes sense that they cast  like Cumberbatch as the Grinch,  even though I saw somebody just post online,  which was a good point.
  Why doesn't Cumberbatch have to use his English accent?  Yeah.
  Which he's like uses that boring Dr.
 Strange voice.
  Yeah, why would you hire him to not?  The Dr.
 Strange voice that sounds like just so,  he's got the greatest British voice,  and he has this Dr.
 Strange voice,  and it sounds like the most effort  that he possibly can exert, and it's like, why?  Why wouldn't he just be the fancy Grinch?  Not required to be American.
  Yeah, so why isn't the Grinch just,  Sherlock, who has such a great evil voice  and not this less good American Cumberbatch voice?  The snooty guy who doesn't want fun.
  By the way, what I was after was arsenic sauce.
  Oh, right, right.
  Arsenic sauce.
  Yeah, arsenic sauce.
  He does, now most of it is,  if you take the stuff literally,  it is, if you think, that the Grinch's brain  is actually full of spiders,  and that he has garlic in his soul,  but it is a leap to say that he eats  scrambled cockroaches every morning.
  Right, like the actors said.
  Yeah.
  So that's the take, it's the full,  like a gross, it's gross Grinch.
  Their take is he's gross now.
  That's the difference in the Grinch's, I feel like,  is he's gross.
  I'm wondering, is it possible,  because I don't know if this is in the movie,  but this is a screen grab from a YouTube video  walking around Grinchmas in Florida, I think,  and one of the Cooville residents  has a shopping bag from Who Mart,  and it kind of looks like the Walmart logo.
  Do you think he was just kind of put off  by the capitalism, by the rampant consumerism of the season,  and he's just retreated to Mount Crumpet  to get away from that?  Which, the Jim Carrey Grinch?  Yeah, or any of them.
  I guess there's Jim Carrey one.
  But that's specifically in the Carrey-verse.
  Is that in the movie, Who Mart?  I don't know, I'm just saying,  if it's in the theme park version of Grinchmas,  which is not the illumination,  then that's just in the Jim Carrey version.
  But I'm saying, I don't know if it's in the Jim Carrey  version, or if that's a theme park exclusive IP,  like we were talking about.
  But I'm saying, because it's in the Grinchmas,  which is in the theme parks, which is the Jim Carrey-verse,  Oh, you're saying it's in that tab.
  that's the closest one that it's tied to canonically.
  I suppose.
  So, I think you have to say then it's in the Jim Carrey-verse  and not the original or the new illumination.
  We also know from the documentary Jim and Andy  that Jim Carrey goes method.
  And you have to wonder if during the production of this film,  he drank motor oil with broken glass in it every day.
  The legend, if he did,  I feel like we would have heard about it.
  Yeah.
  Because he would have talked about it a lot.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  He would have been so happy.
  There'd be a full documentary about that.
  And that's when I decided the Grinch was gonna come back  and make his movie.
  He was inhabited by the Grinch.
  Isn't there a video like this?  Or is there a different Jim Carrey movie  that he made a parody?  I think there's some mashup.
  There's some Grinchy implying this, essentially.
  And he really did like fires  every time he played Fire Marshal Bill.
  Those look like fun little, you know,  just smoke goes up and he gets charred like a Looney Tune,  but he really lit himself on fire every single time.
  You gotta respect it.
  I have a question.
  Where does my favorite Jim Carrey verse character  show up in the park?  And I think the answer is nowhere.
  Where does Baby Grinch show up?  It's a real lack of Baby Grinch.
  I noticed that too.
  I want more Baby Grinch merch.
  I wanted little doll of it.
  I was once, I did, okay, this movie is on Netflix right now  and I did skip to, I went and braved specifically  the Baby Grinch scenes.
  I once again stand by my assertion  that saying that you like the Baby Grinch  is a provocative opinion that cannot possibly be true.
  I do, I'm looking at it.
  I'm trying to like analyze what you're saying  and to see if I can find it in my soul.
  You're staring at the hairy green baby nipple  and trying to find how anyone could not like this.
  I like him.
  Hold on, I'm taking an extra.
  I think that this might be.
  This is his favorite.
  Yeah, take your phone over a little.
  How?  If we take a photo of it.
  That's good.
  Mike, your brain is full of spiders.
  That's fair and I'm sure there's many reasons  why it's full of spiders, but I think Baby Grinch is good.
  I've had a year, we've talked, we've, a year.
  You've had time to think about this.
  Nine months and I've sat on it and I mean,  I get this is a little scarier, this Baby Grinch.
  It's the most scary thing.
  But like this one's good, this picture of him is good.
  I don't know what that is.
  I don't know what this is.
  Everything you're showing is not good.
  These are different.
  Jason, you had my back about the snouts.
  What do you think of Baby Grinch?  You like Baby Grinch.
  I kinda like Baby Grinch.
  I don't like Baby Grinch with that black matte backdrop,  but when he's in his little chair  and there's some colored light shine on him.
  Look at Baby Grinch.
  Looks a little softer.
  I like him.
  He looks mischievous there.
  Why are his eyes so big?  I like it.
  Grinch ends up with tiny little beady eyes.
  Why does when he's a child, why does he have big old moons?  Somebody made like a full Baby Grinch shirt.
  No.
  Let's see how much it looks like it's $30.
  I found this picture.
  You may be aware of this.
  I found on Inside Universal.
  Here is just a picture without any context  of the Grinch sticking his head in a garbage can.
  I think this is very funny.
  I like that a lot.
  Yeah, I left it that a lot.
  Puking or eating, it's funny.
  And Scott, I almost texted you to get me the shirt up there  from the gift shop.
  It's the Grinch and it says King of Naughty.
  King of Naughty.
  They also have Queen of Naughty.
  If I ever, if I show up somewhere  and you guys are walking up to me  and Jason's wearing a Queen of Naughty shirt  and Mike is wearing a shirt that is just the full face  of the Baby Grinch, I am turning around and walking away.
  No questions asked.
  I don't care if we're in the front row of a concert  and we paid two grand for the tickets.
  Like the Rolling Stones.
  I'm hightailing it.
  If we're in another Rolling Stones bowl,  I'm walking right away.
  You know, we gotta, if we can get you a shirt  with like Jim Carrey with half the makeup on  and him looking in the makeup chair,  looking a little like, oh, can you believe this?  We can get you that shirt  and Mike and I wear our respective shirts  and we can rent like a convertible  and drive down Sunset Boulevard.
  We can recreate the entourage  and they get both Grinch shirts.
  In a bright green.
  In a bright green Cadillac convertible.
  The Grinch guys.
  The Grinch guys.
  Some of the year's superhero.
  That is, this is a scraping the bottom  of the barrel podcast if there ever was  with the full, all things Grinch with the Grinch guys.
  Hey, we'll maybe there sooner than later.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Like, remember that, remember when you said  that was a bad idea, do we still think it is?  No, fine.
  I guess not, let's do it.
  There's those two Grinch shows now on TV  and there's two Grinch movies a year.
  Pretty much none of them or will,  they won't use the song from the cartoon at all  or they'll remix it in a weird way.
  How did they, does Jim Carrey,  seems like it barely uses the song.
  I think the song is iconic.
  Sure.
  Certainly the Karloff, Boris Karloff did the narration  and the voice of the Grinch,  Thorol Ravenscroft did the singing about the Grinch.
  Well, my friends, I'm glad I almost forgot to bring this up.
  Maybe they don't make, I mean, for sure Jim Carrey  performs the song and he sings it.
  You're right.
  I mean, that does happen.
  But they had to make room for a whole lot of other songs.
  The Grinch movie soundtrack has appearances  from legitimately some of our favorite artists.
  Mike, you love Bare Naked Ladies.
  They sang Green Christmas.
  Good song, good Christmas song.
  Ben Folds is on there, Lonely Christmas Eve.
  That's a decent song too.
  The eels are on it.
  Wow.
 Really?  Bizarre soundtrack, but let me,  I'm not even gonna say the artist of this.
  I'm just gonna play it and I'd like for you to listen  to the original song, the second song in the soundtrack  entitled Grinch 2000.
  This is a Flip Mode Squad.
  Oh my God, Flip Mode Squad.
  Labo, now.
  Busta Rhymes?  Mizzerebel is Hezl!  Yes, Busta Rhymes.
 I can't tell if the other Flipmode squad is on it, but yeah, this is a Flipmode squad.
  Jim Carrey Collabo!  It's listed as Busta Rhymes and Jim Carrey.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Finally.
  The two, the wackiest characters in their respective mediums.
  Sure.
  The clown prince of rap, Busta Rhymes.
 I do love Busta Rhymes.
 I haven't listened to that entire song, but I'm excited to learn that they have a Collabo.
  There's a Smash Mouth song on here I've never heard called Better Do It Right.
  You got N'Sync?  It's all feels very.
.
.
  Faith Hill? It's a heavy hitter soundtrack.
  End of the century.
 End of empire feeling like so much 2000 stuff does.
  Grinch 2000 was like a bookend of.
.
.
  Simpler times.
  Humanity in some way.
  Grinch, it's fascinating to me.
 It's like doing a whole Scrooge land.
 Because the Grinch is like Scrooge.
 He's a curmudgeon that doesn't like Christmas that gets turned around.
 So like, has anyone ever done a Scrooge land?  The Cranks land.
  The Who, Christmas with the Cranks.
  Yeah.
 Other Scrooges.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, it's time to acknowledge all of the Christmas haters.
  Mm-hmm.
  And all Fred Claus land.
 That also seems like something Universal would do.
 Just committed to Fred Claus.
  A walk around Fred Claus still.
 Did you know that? Oh yeah, I didn't.
 Yeah, he just walks around in the New York area and like, he hassles you.
 But it's like, oh that's Fred Claus.
 I've seen that guy, but I didn't realize.
  He just looks like a man.
 He's just a regular looking guy.
  Do you guys get the feeling with like Christmas movies, new Christmas movies that aren't like, you know, cookie cutter kind of Hallmarky kind of movies? Because I know people like those and they're fun, fluff.
 Does it feel like with Christmas movies now everyone's trying to go like, well, Elf was a hit a dozen years ago.
 Maybe this could become a classic like Elf.
 Which I am still surprised.
 Yeah.
 Oh yeah, people apparently really love Elf.
  Well, movies take like the crater, the meteor crater that is left by a single hit movie for so long, we're still watching Hangover ripoffs way down the line.
 It's crazy.
  Oh, the Hangover influences, Game Night is, you can draw the line between like the R rated comedy of that.
 Yeah, for sure.
  Well, that's how, because comedy hits are so rare.
 If one happens, hurry, scramble, it's all this now.
  Yeah, it's like The Beatles and then The Wake of the British Invasion and all the other pop bands.
  Except some of those bands are good though.
 Oh sure, well some of the movies that get made turn out to be okay too.
 I'm not saying all of them.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, no that's true.
 Yeah, there's things that probably happen as a result of Hangover that are fine.
  Fish Out of Water Christmas movies, I don't know.
 Any good ones lately? Yeah, I don't know.
 I don't know if there is.
  People seem to like that.
 There's a Netflix one where Kurt Russell plays Santa Claus.
  Do people like that or is that ironic? It's the novelty of like, oh look, it's fucking Kurt Russell and he's playing Santa Claus.
  I like the idea of it.
 I'll look at a little bit of it.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Well, I should say one more thing that I did during my excursion to Whoville, which I have to step away from the mic for.
  Let me go grab this thing, fill the space wherever you see fit.
  Alright, I'm going to talk to Jason about eating those pancake sausages again like we did on the Tokyo episode.
  So you said three to four a week you would eat of the stick, the pancake sausage on a stick when you were a child?  Well, it's hard to feed.
 You know, you got to feed kids and you got to get them dressed and on the bus to school.
  I get it.
 They were real easy to microwave.
 Sure.
  I mean, my mom would go to what was called Market Day and she would like get a lot of sort of frozen things.
  There was a thing we would have like chili crispitos and they were like weird frozen.
  But then they were like, I don't know if there were beans in them or rice.
  And we all hated them and she would buy them every time.
  I would just reheat them because it was an easy thing to do.
  Did your parents have a garage? Yeah.
  Do you have a separate fridge in there just for soda? No, but that my grandmother did.
  My grandmother had a downstairs soda fridge as well.
  All right, Scott, modern day snacks.
 Here we have a French donut.
 Oh, my goodness.
  Oh, my goodness.
 This is your first good deed.
  Hey, all of our hearts are going to quadruple now.
  Look at that.
 I think this looks good.
 I think like visually.
  Yeah, this is an exciting display.
 And hey, I got forks.
 Dig into the Grinch's face.
  This is a treat heavy episode.
 I think we're all going to vomit.
  But we're going to be have our heads in the trash like the Grinch.
  We should do this while we're on air, can we? I guess we can.
  People will probably hate that.
 So, you know, no reason to do that.
  Imagine we're eating it right now, though, but we'll be eating it after.
  We are all.
 I just want to stab right into the Grinch's face.
  And I think this makes me feel like, you know, when you're looking at this,  when you're looking at a delish, that is a thick layer of green frosting.
  I think this looks fantastic.
 And, you know, we talk about plus it up and stuff.
  It's hard to even think about a plus up when you're staring at a dessert of this magnitude.
  It's fine.
 The only way it would be better is if it was a baby Grinch donut.
  Sure.
 This does look fun.
 And I have to I do it to give universal credit,  because I remember when Grinch was like 10, 12 years ago, I thought it was all kind of thrown together a little cheap.
  It does seem like they have pumped more money into it.
  And regardless of that, I do think that Dr.
 Seuss curvy Christmas tree does look nice.
  I think that's fun.
 Absolutely.
 Even if Scott did not really get to see it because it's surrounded by load bearing pillars.
  People sure fighting you at every corner.
 Yeah.
  You know what? I had a blast.
 I think it's I think it's kind of funny that it's still Jim Carrey Grinch.
  Another 50 years of this.
 Who like? Why not? Yeah.
 You know what?  I'm feeling generous.
 I'm full of I'm full of duck sausage and and I'll be full of green frosting.
  The spirit of giving is here.
 I say great job, Universal.
 Thanks for donating that money.
  Thanks for duck toberfest.
 Hey, I feel great.
  It's the end of the year.
 It's the final podcast, the ride of 2018.
  And I'm full of holiday spirit.
 My heart.
 My heart's growing many, many sizes.
 My heart is growing as well.
  Sure.
 Jason's eyes are growing looking at that donut.
 It is.
  And thank you all out there listening.
 It's been a wonderful 2018.
  Thank you for all your support and your kind messages.
 Yes.
 Very nice.
  It really has.
 I don't want to go on about this too much, but I was into the last one we're recording in 2018.
  I was thinking about the first one that we recorded in 2018 in Mike's other apartment.
  Yeah, we had been we were network orphans.
 Our network had fallen apart entirely.
  It was clear that if we were going to keep doing this thing, it was going to be much more inconvenient.
  Oh, yeah.
 Kind of a pain to do.
  I don't think we really talked about stopping, but it was like, oh, come on, really.
  And I think the main thing keeping us going in my mind was the fact that it's been very fun to do.
  And I think that's what it would be.
  There will be even back then there was a little base of people who I knew would be sad if we stopped doing it.
  And that base has grown like the Grinch's heart.
  And I'm so glad we kept it up because if you think about like from those from that bad 2018 start,  this year has been now we're with Forever Dog.
 We're wonderful.
  We launched the second gate.
  The live show Tony Baxter, the City Walk Saga, all of this in 2018.
  Pretty crazy year.
 Yeah, really.
  If you put it all and stack it up like that.
 Yeah.
  Wow.
 Club 33.
 We get to go to Club 33.
 It is pretty crazy.
  We conquered fears.
 I wrote down.
 I mean, the haunts now.
  What's that? I love haunts.
 Yes.
  You're a haunt guy.
 I'm becoming the launch queen.
 I'm on my way.
  Jason had nothing to conquer.
 I got married and divorced.
  Why didn't we ever bring that up? We never talked about your brief fail.
  We don't have time, though.
 We have to wrap this up and say thank you to everyone.
  And I have the number.
 I want to say the number because I realized between the City Walk Saga and the second gate and the regular show.
  We in this year released 73 episodes.
  Wow.
 Mania.
 Gee whiz.
 What a jam packed year.
  But they were all blessed.
 They were all great.
 I had a great time.
  So many of every single one of them.
 Perfect.
 There's no error that could be taken out of a single one of them.
  Audio quality pristine.
 Yes.
 Mike cord rustling non-existent.
  Didn't have it in your head.
 We're leaving that in 2018 too.
  Hey, yeah, that's it.
 We have Mike stands now.
  Look, we were scrambling in the in the chaos of a network collapsing.
  You can have time to think about getting a stand.
 But we got it now.
  We're stands for stands.
 And I'm using that hip language now.
  No, really, this has been a great 2018 and and, you know, big stuff coming in in 2019.
  Such as an episode about McGruff.
  And I bet we'll do one about that circle of life movie in the land pavilion.
  Yeah.
 And that's that's all the ideas we have.
  We're very tired.
 It's been a big year.
  We'll figure it out.
 OK, don't hold us to the fire.
  In the meantime, follow us on Twitter, podcast, the ride on Instagram podcast, the ride.
  Join our Facebook group, Patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride.
  You're December episodes.
 You got the mission tortilla factory.
  You got Blizzard Beach just released.
  You'll have actually I don't remember what was just released.
  Blizzard.
 Well, this will all by the end of December.
  This will all be and this year, you know, the Queen Mary.
  My Tretz of the Queen Mary.
 Yes.
 And now that you know, now that we've done  Grinchmas and Blizzard Beach, there are no more Christmas topics.
  That's it.
 We have run through it.
  And even that one, Blizzard Beach is a stretch of a Christmas topic.
  Yeah.
 More of a winter topic.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 We got to be loose with this thing.
  But we've got a lot.
 We've got a year now to figure out the next one and a lot of other stuff along the way.
  It's going to be great.
 Hey, you survived podcast, the ride 2018.
  Seventy three episodes.
  We made it.
  I feel great.
 It's a great year.
  Thanks, everybody, for your support and seriously for, you know, making us want want to keep doing.
  Yeah.
 So much encouragement.
 It's nice when people like a thing you're doing.
  It really is.
 That's right.
 It is everything, isn't it?  Yeah.
 And hey, Mary Grinch, Mary Grinch, Mary Grinch, to us all, especially Edwin, who is sleeping on the courts.
  Mary Grinch, Mary Grinch, everybody.
  Hi guys, it's Mike here with a quick addendum.
  So after we finished recording this episode,  we got a very interesting email  from Universal Studios Hollywood.
  They wanted to send us to interview  a very important Christmas figure,  yes, the Grinch himself.
  They wanted us to come out and interview the Grinch,  and how could we say no?  So we said yes.
  Now normally we would have sent Jason Sheridan,  our Cub reporter, but look, it's the holidays,  he's already back on the East Coast  enjoying the holiday festivities and treats,  so it was up to me.
  So I went up there and I talked to the Grinch,  and look, it got a little controversial  in regards to another host on the show.
  He hasn't heard this yet,  so we're gonna have to find out his reaction  in a couple episodes probably.
  But you are about to hear my interview  with the man himself, the Grinch,  the one who stole Christmas.
  We have video of this too,  because I'm not gonna, it got cut off a little bit  is what I'm trying to say with the video,  but you can see most of the interview on our Twitter  and probably on our Facebook page.
  It's very good, it's probably the best viewed  in a video and not just audio,  but also there's a video, I met the Grinch's dog Max.
  So look, I was doing a lot of good journalism  and good in-depth interviews,  and please enjoy this little addendum  to the Grinch episode,  Mike Carlson's interview with the Grinch.
  Hello, Mr.
 Grinch, I'm here, yes.
  It's a pleasure.
  A pleasure to meet you, Mr.
 Grinch.
  Oh, of course, thank you for coming.
  Thank you.
  My name is Mike Carlson, I'm from Podcast the Ride.
  Podcast the Ride?  It's a theme park podcast.
  Like the radio?  It's like the radio, but I guess it's worse, probably, because less people hear it.
  Oh, that's disappointing.
  But I mean, there's a small but very, like, excited fan base.
  Oh, perfect.
  So that's good, and they're very excited.
  There are 10, 13 people.
  At least 13 people listen, and they're going to be very excited about this interview.
  So I just have a few questions for you.
  What does it mean to you to have a holiday named after you, the Grinch?  Wow, yeah, well, being a celebrity is really a big responsibility.
  Having a whole holiday named after me, it fills me with complete disgust.
  They want to commercialize me, and I do not approve.
  Do you know, I don't get enough royalties for this!  That's a breaking coverage right there.
  Well, yeah, hey, I understand that.
  We don't get royalties for a podcast either, so like, yeah.
  Do it, Mark!  It's fun, I guess.
  It's Mike also.
  It's okay, though.
  Okay, Paul, whatever you say.
  Anything is fine.
  You know, you seem like you're a bit of a grump sometimes,  but have you made any friends here at Universal Studios,  like with the famous Universal characters like Transformers or Lucille Ball?  I don't know what you're talking about, Peter.
  What I make friends with is who I already have, my friend Max.
  Have you met Max yet?  I have not met Max.
  I'm excited to.
  He's just sitting there.
  You don't need another friend, man.
  All you need is man's best friend.
  His dog.
  And possibly Mothermay.
  Wow!  Yes, yes.
  Woo!  I'm very excited to meet all the people from Whoville.
  Wait, Mothermay too?  Look, she's taken, man.
  Back up.
  Okay, well, I wasn't actually.
  There's no, like, sort of thing.
  I was.
.
.
  There's not a thing between, is there anything?  Yeah, I know, because she's with me.
  This guy.
  Okay, well, I just want to say, yes.
  You guys have a good time.
  I won't even talk to her, you know?  I won't even.
.
.
  I would appreciate that.
  Thank you so much, James.
  So, yeah, as far as, like, just being here at Universal,  have you made it out to City Walk or anything,  or are you just kind of stuck here talking to folks all day?  Have you not seen the chain around my ankle?  No, I can't go anywhere.
  They don't let me go 10 feet out of this space.
  Okay, well that.
.
.
  No, I haven't been anywhere else.
  Okay.
  I know, and so does the boarding.
  There's a great Margaritaville restaurant that if you get done with Grinch-erence,  I think you should go.
  Wait, explain to me of Margaritaville.
  What is this?  Is this a town?  Well, it is.
  It's kind of a place.
  It's a state of mind, really, but it's a restaurant where you can have a margarita  and, like, a wet burrito or something.
  It's very delicious.
  You should try it.
  Wet burrito.
  Sounds sloppy and delicious.
  Right on my alley.
  Yeah, so when you're done, you might.
.
.
  Maybe we'll all go and get one after this.
  Ooh, you're not kidding me?  I am, yes.
  All right, we have to devise an escape plan to get me out of here.
  Yeah, well, I'll figure it out after this.
  And just to wrap up real quick, on our podcast,  we often have a debate about the Grinch,  and specifically you as a baby.
  There are a lot of pictures of you online,  and it's very cute.
  I think you're cute.
  I think you were a cute.
.
.
  Yes, I am cute.
  Yes, I agree with that statement.
  Okay, so basically I just want you to solve the problem.
  Are you cute?  I think, yes, Baby Grinch is very cute.
  Well, who's.
.
.
  All right, I want the names.
  List them out for me.
  Who thinks I'm not cute?  Well, my co-host, Scott Gardner, says Baby Grinch isn't so cute,  and I disagree with him.
  Oh, okay, where's a baby picture of Scott?  Because I bet he's not that cute either.
  Oh.
  Well, look, next year I will bring Scott's baby picture,  and I'll show it to you.
  What do you think is a baby picture?  I think he's cute too.
  I think you and Scott as babies are cute.
  Oh, so just a general, oh, baby's a cute thing?  Yeah, I like babies.
  Thank you so much, Mr.
 Grinch.
  Oh, thank you.
  We say at the end of a podcast,  you, Mr.
 Grinch, you've just survived Podcast the Ride.
  Hooray!  Wait, did you want me to say that?  Oh, you could say it too.
  Yeah, let's do that.
  You've just survived Podcast the Ride.
  Pretty good.
 Thank you so much.
  Pretty good.
 That was fantastic.
  Amazing.
 That's what I meant to say.
  Thank you, Mike.
  It was a pleasure.
  Oh, I love your padded coat.
  Oh, thank you.
 I like your coat too.
  See, there's the juices here.
  Yeah.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our channel.
