 Five, four, three, two, one.
  And welcome to Podcast the Ride, the second goth.
  My name is Jason Sheridan, here with.
.
.
  Scott Gardner.
  And.
.
.
  As Miguel Carlson?  Yes, now we're going to talk about the tortilla factory.
  And that is the extent of my Spanish,  and I had to look up half those words.
  Phew.
  Did you take Spanish in high school?  I took Spanish middle school through high school.
  Okay.
  And.
.
.
  I took French.
  Oh, how about that?  My parents discouraged me from doing that  because they thought Spanish should be more useful,  but I forgot all the Spanish.
  Right, what was next?  It could have been more useful.
  It could have been more useful.
  I learned it, I learned the answers to the test.
  I learned how to take the test and memorize tenses and stuff,  but they were not great at teaching like conversational,  like actual Spanish.
  I took seven years of Spanish.
  Oh, wow.
  And you can't speak it at all.
  I can't, here and there, I get a little.
  What you said at the top, was it,  welcome to podcast Ride the Second Gate?  Yeah.
  Just for our listeners who may not want to look up  what you said.
  And it was, and fuck, Scott Gardner and Mike Carlson.
  Yes, I segue to the say your name parts  right as you were both taking sips of your beverages.
  My shorts, Mike Carlson, like something insulting.
  Did you say, did you insult us?  No.
  No.
  No, I said hi and welcome to podcast Ride the Second Gate.
  I'm Jason Sheridan here with Mike Carlson and Scott Gardner.
  Today we're gonna talk about the tortilla factory.
  We're talking the Mission Tortilla Factory,  an opening day California adventure attraction.
  And this is the first that we're quantifying  in the quality, in the category C tickets.
  These are a little bit smaller  and we're talking about the oddball little rides.
  That's, you know, the little rides that could  or that tried to have could,  but that people were not terribly fond of.
  But this one, I don't know.
  People seem to, here's what I know.
  We threw out the C ticket idea, kind of as a joke.
  One of them maybe could,  what if one of them was the tortilla factory?  Immediately several people said, please, the tortilla factory.
  And now you got it.
  Now you're in it.
  I hope you enjoy it.
  Which I wonder if that was subliminal suggestion on our part  because we did capitalize that in the Patreon copy.
  Yeah, that might have provoked it.
  Or there's a lot of big tortilla heads out there.
  We'll find out.
  But yeah, one of the first attractions  at California Adventure when it opened in February, 2001,  it's certainly one of the attractions used  to assail the entire park.
  And to say, across the way,  you've got Splash Mountain and Indiana Jones.
  Here you have a tortilla factory.
  Now to a young Jason Sheridan, that's a selling point.
  That's a, whoa, I can't get a free tortilla  over at Disneyland.
  I can't get anything free, really.
  You can really carbo load in the Pacific work area  of California Adventure  because you could do the sourdough bread tour,  a future episode, and then do the tortilla factory  and get a nice warm tortilla.
  You save 11 cents.
  Yes.
  The cheapest stuff to make.
  The cheapest stuff to make.
  They are handing out.
  Ooh, that'll come up later.
  Oh.
  So I wanna preface this by saying,  this was, sometimes we'll be talking about doing episodes  and one of us will kind of have an interest maybe  that's stronger than the other on a topic  and we'll say, you know, I'll sort of take the lead on this.
  This is maybe, I don't wanna say the first time,  but maybe the most excited time that Jason has said,  I'm gonna take the lead on this one.
  Like this is, you showed a very specific interest  in this topic.
  Well, I thought it was also my turn to kind of take,  you kind of took the lead on Botanicus.
  No, don't try to undersell it.
  I'm just saying there was, you had a special connection  to this tortilla factory tour.
  I used to, I thought it was fun.
  Sure.
 You know, you go through,  you learn how tortillas are made,  you get to weigh yourself at the end  and see how many tortilla, of course, the scale  that would tell you how many tortillas you were.
  How is this for you?  As far as I can, you did the episode,  just shouldn't we be done now?  You just said everything that can be done there.
  No, no, this rabbit hole goes much deeper.
  I am excited.
  All right, take us through it.
  So yeah, this open February 8th, 2001,  opening day California Adventure Attraction  closed May 31st, 2011.
  So over 10 years, this ride was operating.
  Ride, sort of.
  It's not a ride.
  It's a walkthrough.
  This building was open.
  And there's this area of California Adventure  that is still there, that's the Pacific Wharf.
  And the good side of it,  it's where you get some of the better food in that park  and drinks and everything.
  Margaritas.
  And margaritas and Carl Strauss beers  and Alcoholics Carl Strauss beers.
  And then there's these factory tours.
  There's a sourdough factory that's still there.
  And then there's a tortilla factory.
  This all was stuff that Eisner was very excited about.
  Like you, Jason, used it as a selling point.
  He's like, and we're gonna,  this isn't just like a lip service tribute to the state.
  We're gonna show workers,  Californian workers doing their thing.
  He thought this was great.
  And he specifically,  I was trying to find a quote where he said that.
  He's a little more verbose about the Bountiful Valley Farm,  which was this very tepid area  that was the first thing torn out.
  I believe for the,  it's tough to be a bug or a bugs land.
  So Eisner loves getting to see how workers do their craft.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  That's another reason we gotta get him on.
  Cause he and Jason obviously share a lot in common  about stuff they wanna see in a theme park.
  Oh, sure.
  I mean, I do think Pacific Wharf is like,  for what it is, a glorified food court  and some factory tours,  there is some nice theming going on.
  Oh yeah.
  Get to stand in a bucket of fish.
  Get to stand in a bucket of fish.
  Yeah.
  A little unnerving, the kind of,  side of the building that's like Cannery Row themed.
  Cause I don't think that's a particularly  optimistic Steinbeck.
  It's not a romantic vibe, no.
  So the description from the Mission Foods website  about this attraction when it was open  in a park that showcases the diversity  of the California culture and landscape.
  Mission Foods is proud to demonstrate the history  and the making of the traditional food  of ancient and modern Mexico, the tortilla.
  Which, I mean, yes, that is all,  that all makes sense.
  This made sense in the storytelling as, you know,  there was a very large Latino population in California,  especially Southern California.
  I think it's something like the second biggest  Mexican population outside of Mexico is Southern California.
  I'm not a hundred percent sure on that statistic,  but it kind of makes sense.
  And Mission Foods was founded in Los Angeles  in, I believe the 1970s,  but we'll put an asterisk on that and come back to it later.
  So this attraction used to have two giant,  it kind of started outside with two giant silos.
  Two big silos.
  Of corn and wheat flour.
  Let's see, 14,000.
  But they didn't let you jump into it and swim around.
  14,000 pounds of corn flour,  which could make 408,000 tortillas  and 15,000 pounds of wheat flour,  which could make 390,000 tortillas.
  So you would see those big drums outside.
  Drums.
  Big drums, big silos.
  Flour.
  And then you would go inside  and the first room was a pre-show video  of children giving a presentation  about the history of the tortilla.
  Like doing like a monotone book report  that's in that little kid zone,  like how they say, I pledge allegiance.
  Got annoying pretty quick.
  And also a little weird to think about like,  wait, so the pre-show video on this is children  doing a presentation.
  Oh, what's the pre-show video at the sourdough?  Oh, it's the two big ABC stars of the time.
  Colin Mochrie and Rosie O'Donnell.
  The biggest star on ABC, Colin Mochrie.
  Whose line in the Rosie show were big hits?  This is true.
  I just don't think you'd call Colin Mochrie the number two.
  I didn't say one and two.
  I said two of the biggest.
  Wait, also Rosie was syndicated.
  Rosie was not on ABC.
  Was she syndicated?  She was a syndicated daytime talk show.
  I think she was on NBC when I was watching.
  Was it an ABC Produce show?  When I was watching it, Rosie every day.
  No.
  Or a touchstone?  I mean, she did a lot with Disney.
  She was certainly very friendly with Disney.
  Okay.
  But two of the biggest stars on ABC.
  Two stars of their time.
  We're never gonna get through this if we.
.
.
  All right, I'll let you keep going.
  So, yeah.
  And you learn facts in that pre-show video.
  Like different groups.
  The Mayans and worshiped.
  Some would worship the tortilla as a god.
  Or worship, excuse me, worshiped corn as a god.
  The Mayan legend is that the tortilla was invented  as a gift from the king.
  So there was animated interstitials telling you this.
  Including an animated dog who said maseca.
  Maseca is corn flour used now in modern times  to make tortillas.
  Obviously the maseca dog will be getting his own episode.
  The maseca dog.
  I don't have a park star of him though.
  Then after this pre-show video,  you were led into a little room  with what I saw described online as little ghost windows.
  Little windows you would look in  and see little ghost-like images,  ghost people making tortillas.
  Similar to the effects from the.
.
.
  If you had wings or the Mexico boat ride  on a much smaller scale.
  We're talking like.
.
.
  Trapped in tiny cells.
  Trapped in tiny cells that you could then walk up  to a wall and stare at.
  And then you would go around the corner  through two swinging double doors,  which it's a little crazy to me  that they were letting people just push  through swinging double doors.
  Like all day, like that seems like someone.
.
.
  See a silo, push through a double door.
  Push through a double door.
  You would see.
.
.
 Watch a trapped ghost.
  See the sign that said production line  from dough to tasty tortilla.
  So at this point I wanna do the first round  of something I'm calling tortilla toss-up.
  Do you guys prefer corn or flour tortillas?  Option three, a corn flour mix.
  At least when it comes to Trader Joe's products.
  The corn flour mix is fantastic.
  But if forced to choose between the two,  if I feel like a treat, I will do flour.
  If I feel like being on a diet or watching my figure,  I'll do corn.
  But I'd probably veer corn more.
  I'm a flour man.
  All right, that was the end of tortilla toss-up.
  Round one.
  Do you get to play?  Oh, yes.
  I will go with.
.
.
  Well, I mean, it's kind of dependent on what you're eating.
  You can't have a corn tortilla for burrito.
  That's ridiculous.
  You want a flour tortilla.
  Of course, it's not a stop.
  Corn tortilla for tacos.
  But usually I think I prefer flour.
  All right.
  And that has been.
.
.
  That round one of tortilla toss-up.
  So then you would go into the production room  and learn about how, you know,  the tortillas were made and heated.
  They'd be cooled.
  And the best part of the tour,  you'd be given a freshly made tortilla  for you to enjoy.
  Sometimes corn, sometimes flour.
  And then you could get on a scale  that was you could weigh yourself  to see how many tortillas you weighed.
  Which I went through an old laptop and an old hard drive.
  And I swore I had a picture of how many tortillas I weighed.
  I could not find it.
  Oh, man.
  Very disappointed.
  I don't know that I ever did that.
  I don't know if I ever weighed myself  via using tortillas as a measurement.
  I mean, it was kind of the one of two things  you could do in this tour.
  I went through this with you though, I'm sure, right?  Or did we not go together until 2012 or 13?  It might've been around 2012 we went, like the first.
  Yeah, maybe.
  We were going a lot when DCA first opened.
  We met in 2009, right?  Or end of 2008.
  I think it was end of 2008, actually.
  You know, I will say getting that tortilla was nice.
  I make fun of the idea that it's a value,  but it's Disneyland, you're being gouged on all levels.
  And I still, I went and got that bread yesterday  just as a quick little snack.
  And I would like getting that tortilla.
  Some of the trouble, what's nice about the,  they give you the bread right away now.
  You can just keep walking.
  The tortilla, you had to really think twice  how badly you wanted that tortilla  because they stopped you.
  You had to watch that kid video.
  Yeah, you could not push through those double doors.
  They opened automatically.
  No.
  But that tortilla, pretty excellent.
  I'm gonna say I'm not really a fan  of the Mission Tortilla brand necessarily,  but I feel like the tortilla,  the first tortilla they gave you was of higher quality  than you'd get just in a bag at the store.
  And it was warm.
  And I did like getting that tortilla.
  I also read that you could,  apparently I saw no proof of this,  but at some site I found said,  on your birthday receive a package  of one dozen tortillas for free.
  Whoa.
  Now that's something.
  I didn't know that.
  And we'd be in there on all of our birthdays  where that's still going.
  Does that hold for the sourdough?  If you tell this, will they give you a loaf of sourdough?  I mean, probably not.
  Because I'll tell you this, I love sourdough bread.
  There's no way you haven't walked in there though  with the birthday button.
  So they would have hopefully given you a whole loaf.
  Yeah, you're right.
  I mean, maybe you could ask next year.
  Will they give me like an extra piece of that mother dough  so I can start my own factory?  Well, the mother dough is very valuable.
  Let's say that for the sourdough.
  That's a break in.
  You're in oceans 11 territory  if you wanna get some of that mother dough.
  There was also in the factory area,  there was a demonstration kitchen  where they would show you the many varied ways  you could use mission tortillas.
  You could make little ham and cheese wraps.
  You could even use them in desserts.
  That's insanity.
  Who has ever used a mission tortilla  with like strawberries and.
.
.
  Jason, have you?  I don't think I ever.
  I think, well, we've gone to like Acapulco or like El Tori  and they have like dessert nachos or whatever  that are just kind of like tortillas that are fried  and then covered in cinnamon sugar.
  So that's technically a tortilla.
  I've never made it at home.
  I've never made dessert tortillas, no.
  We finally found.
  With my hot dogs and Nutella.
  Have you ever put a hot dog in a tortilla?  Oh.
  And isn't that not a bad idea  now that I say it out loud?  That is a popular, the Oakey dog on Fairfax.
  I mean, really it's actually very,  it's probably a little less caloric than a hot dog bun.
  I just don't think they mix.
  I think they do flour, not corn.
  I think a lot of like the LA burger stands  do some sort of pastrami burrito  or hot dog pastrami wrap sort of thing.
  So when you're, instead of wrapping it in a paper towel  on your way out, you wrap it in a burrito.
  Oh my God, you're saying I could, yeah,  that would steam the both of them.
  I mean, you can hear how he lit up when he said that,  but his legs shot out and extended from the couch.
  He was so excited.
  But I think it's a, yeah, I think you should do that.
  Well, the next time we're gonna see you walk into a record  with the finishing up a dessert hot dog taco.
  Well, let's not be ridiculous.
  You wouldn't make match dessert with it.
  You would have a second dessert dog.
  But I think if we accustom you to hot dog tacos,  step one, then step two, it's only one,  it's a slippery slope.
  Then you're doing, it's how long before you're doing  dessert hot dog tacos.
  What, I mean, do you know the Oakey dog?  Like down by Fairfax?  I am not familiar with the Oakey dog.
  It's like two hot dogs and pastrami and tortilla.
  Oakey dog.
  Okay, I.
  Okay, I.
  I think it's a fusion thing.
  I mean, pastrami burritos.
  Oh, I see, I see.
  I think, I mean, this is the thing Jonathan Gold wrote about  and then past guest Molly Lambert and her,  she wrote an article about knowing him,  wrote about like the pastrami burrito in Los Angeles  came from like Jewish immigrants  and Mexican immigrants living, you know,  in neighborhoods next to each other in downtown LA.
  That's fun.
  I'd like to show Scott a picture and see if he throws up  a picture of the Oakey dog.
  This is the Oakey dog.
  Yeah, I.
  Pastrami and four, well, like two hot dogs.
  Two hot dogs and a half cheese.
  No, no, no, no to this, no.
  It is a soak up the booze the next day kind of food.
  It looks disgusting.
  That being said, I would try it  and it is probably pretty good.
  I'm not gonna act like I ain't gonna try it,  but I'm just saying that like it is,  it is pretty unsettling looking.
  I think that stand in, there's a stand in Burbank.
  That tells us.
  I think they do like shimmy changas with hot dog inside.
  Oh, like Deadpool.
  Yeah, like Deadpool knows.
  So I mean, in form and function,  that kind of brings us to the end of the tortilla factory  and the free tortillas were definitely the highlight.
  I think that's what people liked.
  I thought it was interesting learning how tortillas are made  because I didn't really know.
  And going into the research of the episode,  I was all prepared to make a joke that like,  oh, the tortilla factory got gentrified  by this bougie ice cream parlor,  the Girodeli ice cream parlor moved in.
  And I looked up the estimated annual revenue  of Mission Foods is about 10.
8 million.
  And then I looked up Girodeli chocolates,  which pulls in about 170 million.
  So that in theory is right  that this bigger company moved in,  although Disney had been trying to get Girodeli  into California Adventure back in the early days  and they saw what the park was gonna be  and they were not into it.
  Like they were not impressed.
  No kidding, really?  So they were holding out.
  The story about Girodeli moving in was broken  by Mice Age writer Al Lutz,  who I don't think we've really talked much about.
  He was another rumor.
  Blogger we probably all read in middle school and such.
  A lot of Disneyland insider.
  He got the, no pun intended,  he got the scoop on the ice cream parlor.
  You intended that.
  I intended it.
  That they were gonna move in and then it did happen  and that opened in 2012  with sort of the re-imagining of California Adventure.
  This is the kind of scoops that you're gonna have to get  as a cub reporter now  is when an ice cream company moves into a theme park.
  This is this type of stuff that is your beat  as far as I'm concerned.
  So you're gonna have to keep your ear to the ground.
  Speaking of scoops.
  So I told you guys as I was researching that like,  I found a twist.
  Oh boy.
  Which I started reading about the,  cause I was like, oh Mission Food,  who is their parent company?  Who owns them now?  Cause no company is,  everything is owned by something else now.
  And I found out that my joke about gentrification  is only kind of half right  because Mission Foods is a subsidiary  of a company called Gruma.
  Gruma is a Mexican company  that makes tortillas and corn flour.
  And Gruma's estimated annual revenue is $3.
6 billion.
  And in fact, this company was the ones who,  they popularized the use of corn flour to make tortillas.
  And before this, the traditional way to make tortillas  is that you boil hominy, which is corn,  but not the kind of sweet corn on the cob  that we eat as a side dish.
  It's closer to like, almost the way you cook,  like raw hard beans.
  So you boil hominy and then you form it into masa,  which is corn dough.
  And then you make tortillas out of that  on a hot grill or a griddle.
  And apparently much more flavorful and sweeter and stuff.
  And this is how most of the Mexican population,  they would go to their local tortilla place  and corn was subsidized by the government  until the Gruma people started pushing corn flour  as a cheaper alternative.
  And the mass production of tortillas shifted away  from like small places, like shifted away  from like masa dough, like handmade  to like industrial corn flour making tortillas.
  Similar to the way bakeries, like the way we buy bread,  we buy bread in grocery stores in America,  loaded with preservatives that are good  for like two, three weeks at a time,  as opposed to going to your local bakery every day  or every other day for fresh bread.
  And then Gruma got involved with like some very,  like weird political dealings,  pretty much got the government to subsidize them  and their expansion.
  So, yeah, so they were the ones who like invented  the Maseca corn flour brand  and kind of made a less flavorful tortilla for everyone.
  So the standard, the base of what I just said earlier  about I think those mission tortillas are a little bland.
  That's partially due to the like general watering down  of the concept of a tortilla by this Gruma company.
  You are 100% accurate.
  Who is the CEO of Gruma?  Well, he seemed like a weird, I forgot his name,  but he seemed like a weird guy.
  They also involved in this, there was,  Mexico had their own sort of presidential crisis  where the Supreme Court awarded it  to the guy who like maybe won, but just barely in 2006,  very similar to America's like 2000 Supreme Court crisis.
  And that guy was tight with the Gruma people.
  So I have a quote here.
  Let's see, Gruma, I found out there's a independent media  website called gris.
org and they wrote a long article  about this insane transition away  from like traditional tortilla methods  to this factory tortilla manufacturing.
  Are they also by the way secretly made of people?  No, thankfully they seem not to be made of people.
  Low quality corn flour.
  Okay, the twist was, you said the twist already, right?  Or is there more twist?  No, it's just that it's this massive conspiracy  of like shitty tortillas.
  Okay, and they were being indoctrinated  through this factory tour into liking the crappy way.
  As of this article in 2006, Gruma now controls 70%  of Mexico's corn flour market.
  And similar to America, the shift to more preservative-laden  or preserved stuff has led to obesity issues in Mexico,  rising costs of tortillas, which led some people  to switch to white bread, which Gruma also has  a massive business interest in.
  So when you said twist, I mean, I honestly,  and maybe I didn't mean to sell you short in my brain,  but I was like, oh, this twist is gonna be one time  like Imagineer Mark Davis ate a mission tortilla or something.
  I thought the twist was gonna be something like that.
  You have actually done some cub reporting here.
  You've done some investigative journalism.
  Price fixing.
  This is a real legit thing.
  Supply fixing here from this Grist article.
  Maseca began offering to sell small tortilla makers  equipment to switch from masa-based production  to flour-based production.
  And the government provided extra incentive.
  These tortilla makers who refused to buy Maseca's equipment  were punished by the government,  which set them the worst corn and strictly limited  the amount of grain the shops received.
  Hundreds of shops went out of business.
  And meanwhile, like in this walkthrough tour,  the pre-show video has the dog saying Maseca  mixed in right with like the stories about like,  the Mayans and the ancient people of Mexico,  how they made tortillas.
  So they're putting their industrial corporate product  mixing it in to like the story.
  As if it's central to what tortillas are, but it was not.
  Got it.
  That's pretty screwed up.
  It was the Mayans and then it was Maseca  and here we are today.
  Not true.
  There wasn't Maseca.
  Whoa.
  Jeez.
  And then of course, a lot of that corn flour made by cheap  imported corn from America.
  Cause we got corn coming out the eyes in America.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, very similar to like American shifting  to like preservatives, latent breads,  except for Trader Joe's.
  You gotta freeze that bread or use it real quick.
  Not a lot of preservatives.
  You do, but it's better.
  And I do freeze those tortillas and they hold for a while  and they're excellent and they're easy to heat back up.
  And I assume there's less nefarious stuff going on  cause I think Trader Joe's is a cool company.
  So wow, by trying to bribe us with free tortillas.
  So meanwhile, also Mission Foods is currently  and for a while has been headquartered in Texas,  not California.
  So kind of weird.
  Real Californian craftsman work.
  Jear Deli was founded in California  and is like goes back to the 1800s,  of course located in San Francisco.
  Associated with San Francisco.
  Makes a lot more sense.
  And that's kind of a Bay area of the park.
  So it's right in.
  Yeah, it's better.
  This was certainly a trade up  and you still get the free square when you go in.
  When a free piece of chocolate is superior to a free.
  A free piece of chocolate is a trade up.
  As a big time treat boy, I look forward to that chocolate.
  Absolutely.
  Before the end of this twist,  let's do round two of tortilla toss up.
  A taco, burrito or quesadilla.
  Which do you all prefer?  I'm a quesadilla man.
  I don't know what it is about it.
  I just, I mean, I like I'll eat a burrito,  I'll eat a taco, but I like a quesadilla.
  Yeah, I don't know why.
  Scott?  I would be burritos if I wasn't more health conscious,  but I end up having tacos a lot of the time.
  So I'll say taco, but if I were really indulging,  it'd be more burrito.
  Yeah, I'm a bit more indulgent.
  So I'll go with burrito.
  All right, that was round two of tortilla toss up.
  Oh, what a blast.
  To bring our twist to a conclusion,  Ghirardelli, of course, while more associated  with Northern California,  was sold to Lint and Sprungly Chocolatiers,  the European company in 1998.
  Their estimated annual revenue is 4.
2 billion.
  So kind of an even trade.
  And of course, like most chocolatiers,  caught up in controversy about sourcing their cocoa.
  I think that what I read was that,  not as bad as Nestle.
  I mean, Nestle is a pretty vile company.
  The heinous company.
  Who Disney worked with, obviously.
  Yeah, Disney worked with for a long time,  but I forget, I think it was Ghirardelli,  or Lint was caught up.
  And it turns out a lot of that cocoa was being grown  in national parks or preserves within Africa.
  Jesus.
  So this-  It's almost like Disney does business  with some not so savory companies.
  It's like, I learned, maybe it was a couple of years ago,  that like cereals, when we were kids,  cereal, they used more like real grains.
  And then everything switched over  to high fructose corn syrup.
  So it's a tradition in all these terrible companies  to eventually switch ingredients  to something that's cheaper and probably worse for you.
  And then it also affects the taste too,  because I remember, this is how I had the conversation.
  I remember talking to somebody who's way into cereal,  believe it or not, more than me.
  Into cereal with characters on it.
  And he was like, yeah, that's because,  I don't know how many years ago,  tricks switched over from whole grains  to just corn syrup and corn.
  And I was like, I had a memory flashback  to tricks rebranded and they're like new shapes.
  And I remember eating the tricks and going,  it's something different about it.
  It was still okay, but I remember the switch.
  I remember that happening.
  And this has happened so much  in these different companies.
  Of course there's the new Coke conspiracy  that the entire new Coke debacle  was this weird flashy way to distract people  from that we're changing the formula.
  I feel a lot of these in my,  I can't tell how much of it is I was a kid  or did these things actually change?  I certainly recall KFC being of higher quality as a child.
  Sure.
  I mean, they've definitely gone downhill over the years.
  Yeah, and I'm sure a lot of companies have,  but that's how they get,  this is like this weird gaslighting of like,  you were a kid, you didn't know,  but was that, maybe it did get worse.
  But then there's also like consuming stuff  to the point of, do you guys know the story  about bananas and banana extract?  Oh, that the flavor, the candy flavor  is what bananas used to be like.
  Yes, but that strain of banana doesn't exist anymore.
  So banana flavored stuff tastes like bananas  you can never actually taste.
  Wow, I actually didn't know that.
  So like banana runs are more what bananas taste like  than an actual banana, like original banana, classic bananas.
  People associated with bananas back in the day.
  Really?  Wow, I didn't know that.
  So, why that odd flavor  that doesn't really seem like anything we know.
  Cause it seems like artificial  or like you would have it in like a fruit drink  of some kind, alcoholic drink, you would get it,  you know, Trader Sam's or something.
  And it's like a very aggressive kind of banana-y taste.
  I mean, there's probably pineapple in there too, but.
  Huh, huh.
  Well, nefarious stuff that is not explained  by the little children.
  And then via a corporate merger,  the formulas were changed  and smaller companies were shaken down.
  Bad corn was sent out to farms to punish them.
  Yeah, that was the other thing.
  Mission Foods was founded in Los Angeles,  but by Gruma as an attempt to break into selling tortillas  to the American, the North American market.
  And now I think Gruma has like almost a worldwide  like stranglehold on selling corn flour and tortillas.
  Man, oh man.
  And of course in the history of Disneyland,  you have attractions sponsored by Monsanto  and there's a lot of weirdo.
  And that's the general observation I wrote down  about the tortilla factory is that, you know,  I think there was this Eisner turn  that happened slowly through his era.
  And you know, he arrives in 84,  as we've talked about very excitedly,  brings his son Breck around and like do that roller coaster  and that roller coaster and great rides and Pleasure Island  and all these cool hotels and expansion of Disney  where all this neat stuff happened in the early Eisner era.
  And then it starts to turn in this icky way.
  And this to me in general, we will go into  in many other episodes, I'm sure the weird,  the California Adventure was initially supposed  to be this cheapo park.
  It was kind of like how little theme park contents  can we put into our theme park without anyone noticing?  Kind of like tortilla companies  and real corn and real ingredients.
  I mean, they, a lot of people point to, you know,  the three guys, Eisner, Frank Wells and Jeffrey Katzenberg  as like, they saved Disney,  but Frank Wells was the mediating force.
  And when he passed away, you just had these two bulls,  you just had Eisner and Katzenberg just going at each other  and eventually Katzenberg left  and Eisner was just kind of left unchecked.
  And that's when stuff started to get weird.
  And then he could finally put a tortilla factory.
  A tortilla factory.
  Nefarious plan.
  But also there's the syndrome of Disney Paris  didn't do so well, so he starts thinking,  how can we expand these parks  without necessarily doing these grand,  multi-billion dollar masterpieces of theme parks?  And it's things like this, it's things like the farm,  it's things like the tortilla factory.
  He's like, will this work?  And he puts it out there and it obviously does not.
  And it perfectly correlates with 9-11  and a decay in tourism.
  It's this disaster for the company  that they've had to reverse  and now they've made California Adventure so great.
  But it also goes back to, I'm sure at some point,  we have not done an episode about in Innoventions.
  Then Innoventions was really where Eisner's wheels  start turning of, can we, can the selling of products,  can we do it essentially an eternal trade show in the park  and have that be an attraction?  And it worked out a lot better for Innoventions  and less well with these California Adventure things.
  Do you know who supervised Innoventions?  An Imagineer named Barry Braverman.
  When the plans for Westcott were getting way out of control,  Tony and his pie in the sky dreams,  who takes over the second gate?  Barry Braverman, mainly off of the strength of,  well, he made this trade show attraction  so much better than it should have been,  what could he do with an entire park?  Cut to the park's about to open.
  Here's a quote from Braverman.
  He's walking this reporter from area to area.
  They're going through the tortilla zone.
  Braverman said, this part of the Golden State area  reflects Eisner's longtime fascination with the workplace  and seeing how things are made.
  In fact, Braverman said,  heading to the final portion of the tour,  this whole farm area was his idea.
  So this to me feels like Braverman's like this henchman  brought in to like, can you make corporate stuff be,  seem like enough of a theme park?  But he does not want it, even in the press,  he's like, this is Eisner's idea.
  Yeah, he doesn't want to take credit.
  Yeah, rightfully so.
  The farm was the first thing to go.
  So I think this, I would imagine this will be a theme  through further sea tickets is like weird corporate  masquerading as an attraction.
  This was part of the parks in the early days.
  Walt is trying to get, I don't know,  some company put up something.
  And still, I mean, Splash Mountain is Ziploc bag,  like central now, like you get a Ziploc bag  on Splash Mountain.
  So there's still candy.
  Ziploc, it's branded.
  Isn't it Ziploc, right?  Yeah, it's Ziploc.
  And they have a Splash Mountain logo on the Ziploc bag.
  Oh, interesting.
  Well, yeah, that's a little odd, but there's still a,  initially Indiana Jones is sponsored by AT&T,  but there's a big difference between like,  why don't you sponsor a cool ride?  And why don't you make,  why don't we just show your products for a while?  And it's not dissimilar to my area of interest  in like the weird decay of the funnier dices  and the other and similar companies in like,  what if companies sponsored fun videos?  Or what if we just kind of made ads?  Would the audience be able to tell?  Yes, they can.
  It will hurt your company.
  It may plug a hole in the short term, but don't do it.
  This is, it's a syndrome we're seeing everywhere today.
  And you see with Eisner in this thing.
  I have two things.
  One, we're recording this the week.
  And before I came here today,  I saw a bunch of pictures on Twitter.
  Citizen Watches is a sponsor of the parks now.
  And in Florida, yeah, I think it's in Florida.
  The clocks at the entrance of each time that tells you,  it's 9.
45.
  So people know like, oh yeah, my FastPass kicks in now.
  Those sort of like face clocks have all been changed  to have the Citizen logo.
  I mean, they're all attraction appropriate clocks,  but under behind the hands, you can see the Citizen.
  Like you would see on a watch face.
  The other thing is I think trade show to me seems,  that seems so much more insidious than like museum exhibit.
  Jason Woolner told us about, and I subscribed to it.
  And I do like getting it every day.
  This, the website Blue Loop,  which is a trade like themed entertainment  and also museum companies.
  Like museums are getting real into like having  a thematic element to exhibits  as a way to sort of draw people in more.
  And that is very interesting to me,  see in these daily and weekly newsletters,  the, you know, museum articles about museums  doing new exhibits or wings kind of intermixed  with like theme park adding a roller coaster  or theme park adding a new dark ride.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, that's cool.
  That I think is, I think that's better.
  I think having the museum.
  Which in the best view of this thing could be  that it's a tortilla museum.
  The nefarious thing is you're just walking through  and nobody, if, you know, the bread factory is still there  and it's fine.
  Nope, you wouldn't be mad about  a Mission Tortilla sponsored thing if there were better,  there was better stuff in the park next to it.
  And there wasn't.
  Right.
  I also think the bread factory does a better job.
  Like the history.
  Well, you can breeze through it easier to get that bread.
  Well, you can breeze through it,  but I'm learning about sourdough bread,  which like the starter dough and it goes back to the miners.
  Do you know how it's made from being in there?  Sourdough bread?  Yeah.
  I don't know, we don't wanna ruin that  for the sourdough bread.
  I was just saying.
  I do know how, yeah.
  Cause I've never retained any of that information,  much like no one's here has retained any foreign language.
  I've had friends like make sourdough bread and they,  yeah, it's the same process.
  And they only, and their only knowledge  was walking through the exhibit  and not writing anything down.
  No, and they just churned out a perfect round dough shape,  but they're always shaped like Mickey ears.
  So sourdough factory clearly superior is what we've learned.
  I have one more observation, which is the bizarre fact  that the demonstration kitchen that you mentioned,  where they show you different,  here's what you could use tortillas in.
  The fact that at the end of the demonstration,  they do not give you that, nor is it available for purchase.
  And I was just imagining a little scene  of like a guy concocting a dessert tortilla thing  and then showing it to you and you going, okay.
  And then like putting your arms out and him saying,  no, that's just for show.
  It's not to eat.
  And then you jumping over the counter,  pushing his face into the tortilla.
  You son of a bitch.
  Exactly.
  Here's a thing that is more along our,  less along the corporate conspiracy agles  and more along the park logistics.
  Of course, right next to the tortilla factory  is the food court with all these different stands.
  Sort of sharing the same wall used to be Cucamonga Cochina,  the Mexican restaurant kitchen.
  And then across the way used to be Lucky Walk Fortune Cookie.
  A number of years ago, they swapped places  because Lucky Walk Fortune Cookery  was in a much larger space.
  But Cucamonga Cochina.
  I'd like you to keep saying the names of these  over and over again, please.
  Was the more successful restaurant.
  So they're like, oh, well, let's move this over here.
  But using tortillas, presumably that they would make  at the tortilla factory.
  That's my question.
  Were they making those tortillas and then using them?  In the park?  Yeah, I think they were.
  I mean, just like they make the sourdough  that they use the sourdough.
  At the, for like bread bowls and stuff?  Yeah, for bread bowls.
  So do we know if they're still using mission tortillas?  Oh, that's a good question.
  I don't know.
  You'd have to see who sponsored.
  Well, we're gonna have to do some investigative journalism.
  Drop them, Disney.
  Or else make, set up a new demonstration kitchen  and make the food available to eat.
  What I found interesting is just looking at Yelp  and the rides are reviewed on Yelp and restaurants.
  And like I was looking, Blue Bayou Restaurant  at Disneyland is four stars.
  And I looked at Carly Circle, four stars, good rating.
  Mission Tortilla Factory is rated  still here, four and a half stars.
  Higher than Carthy Circle?  Just solely because you got something free?  But yeah, everyone is so jacked  about getting that tortilla at the end.
  And it's like five star, five star, five star.
  Delicious warm fresh tortilla, five star.
  OMG, the five stars, five star.
  Like this place is delicious, yummy and free, I'm there.
  Like it's constant people just being like,  hell yeah, free tortilla, five stars.
  Hell yeah, they showed me a dessert I couldn't have.
  Five stars.
  I'm a tad confused by that, but hey, yep.
  I did like that free tortilla, I'll tell you that.
  I did too.
  Let's play the final round of tortilla toss up.
  Construct your, you said what you preferred  in the last round, construct your favorite,  your perfect one.
  So Mike, your perfect quesadilla,  what would you like in there?  Oh baby, okay.
  So it's hard because some quesadilla,  I'll say my favorite quesadilla is a place in,  is probably at a place, a chain called Bajito Mas.
  And they do what's called a nature's grilled quesadilla.
  And they load it up with a lot of vegetables.
  And I'm sure it seems maybe like it could trick you  into thinking it's healthy,  but I think it's just fried in like delicious fat  or something.
  And it's loaded.
  It's the messiest quesadilla.
  It falls apart very easily.
  But full of vegetables, really good taste.
  You can add meat in there if you want.
  I've done it before.
  So if I'm, I'm going to say the Bajito Mas,  nature's grilled quesadilla,  and I'll add carnitas to it.
  Yeah, they do good carnitas there.
  It's a good, it's a good chain.
  I love the Burbank one specifically.
  Scott, your perfect taco.
  I think I want like as little on it as possible.
  I like those little guys with,  and maybe I want a variety.
  Like I want those like real thin tortillas,  not overwhelming.
  And just like a steak and a carnitas and an El Paso,  let's get a little variety.
  There's little other stuff as,  but like I think just the pure just meat and tortilla,  really good stand taco.
  And just like a little strip of salsa.
  Yeah, probably something.
  I mean, I like the stands and just like,  I don't know, General Green.
  There we go.
  Yeah, I do too.
  So yeah, more simple the better.
  I like a nice al pastor burrito,  especially LA chain cactus tacos.
  You get al pastor, rice beans, onion, cilantro, hot sauce.
  And topped off with a hot dog.
  And add some avocado and sour cream.
  Maybe a hot dog.
  At the end of tortilla, it's awesome.
  And I think we've reached the end of our first seat ticket.
  Our first seat ticket.
  Thanks for cashing in your seat ticket  as a peel off of your Patreon park hopper.
  And thanks for subscribing to the Patreon in general.
  We hope that you're finding our tortilla picks  worth your patronage.
  Yeah, this is fun.
  Let us know what else you want to hear as a seat ticket.
  Let us know if you want to hear more foreign language speak  throughout these episodes.
  And like, what do you want Jason to investigate?  What companies do you want him to investigate  that are related to theme parks?  And I'm not being, I mean, it's a fun idea,  but I'm not being facetious that you did a good job.
  You did a, it was interesting.
  And what other companies do you want Jason to investigate?  Oh my God.
  What have I done?  I'll post a link to that article.
  I did think it was very interesting.
  Especially what's like scandalous presidential elections  get involved.
  Is there a Ziploc controversy perhaps?  Is there, who knows?  Like, let's look into this.
  Let's see what the bag Ziploc bag.
  We all probably shouldn't be using them.
  Well, that's true.
  But yeah, we just, yeah, let us know.
  Send this cub out for more scoops.
  Let us, he wants to look for some more honey, I guess.
  Honey equals scoops in my analogy here.
  All right.
  All right.
  Well, you survived the second gate and yeah,  check us out for more of this stuff  and listen to the regular show  and find us on Twitter and Instagram.
  And yeah, you know what you're doing.
  We'll see you next time.
  Adios.
