 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Christmas everyone, this is a podcast,  the ride special Christmas surprise present.
  Hope your, hope your morning's going great.
  This is Scott Gardener with Jason Sheridan  and Mike Carlson.
  Hi.
  Hello, Mike here.
  Hey, excited to give you a little extra something.
  You are beloved second gate subscribers.
  Here's what's happening in addition to the regular  December episodes, we thought we'd try something,  which is we're going to do an audio commentary  on an old Disney special.
  And I think it's a particularly special, special.
  It is the Mickey's very Merry Christmas parade from 1991,  which I think is like, this is in the dead center  of all of our childhoods, probably right around  when we all went for the first time.
  Jason, you were saying this was right in the heat  of your early days of Disney fandom.
  Yeah, my family went down with my,  with both my grandparents and we all stayed at the Polynesian  and it was very much a different time because  I just remember my mom talking about how like, yeah,  when we went that time, the parks closed pretty early  at nights, cause it was a very slow season.
  It was, the thing was colder than everyone expected it to be.
  And it was the week after Thanksgiving, which now,  by that point, they got the holiday stuff up.
  I mean, they got the Christmas stuff up before Thanksgiving  now, but after Halloween, they had not even started  putting it up.
  So, and Tomorrowland hadn't been redone.
  My grandparents, everyone in the family was walking around  singing the best time of your lives.
  The other Sherman Brothers song about Carousel of Progress.
  Your whole family.
  We all loved.
  One, two, one, two, three, four.
  Now is the time.
  Now is the time.
  Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
  You picked some percussion, you picked your harmony parts.
  Jason is like the kid in Step Brothers in the back seat  who takes the high part.
  Well, yeah, and this is, it's kind of the first  Christmas parade that I remember.
  A lot of moments of this linger with me,  although I don't remember it super well.
  And here's the other thing, cut us a little slack.
  This is a bit of an experiment.
  This isn't gonna be like mystery science theater.
  We didn't write out our jokes.
  So we're gonna be sort of reacting to this as it comes,  but I think it's gonna be fun.
  We're gonna riff along to this track,  but it's truly improvised.
  Mm-hmm.
  So we get a lot of credit.
  Give us more credit, is what I'm saying.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We're gonna be really sweating it here for you.
  It's a special Christmas gift.
  So if you're at home and if you're frustrated  with how your holiday is going,  you need to get away from the family.
  You need some distraction.
  Or yeah, even if you're having a great time,  if you're, hey, put this on.
  Make your parents or grandparents, all of them,  all generations, listen to us synced up with a YouTube video.
  Yes, the link is in the description for this episode.
  And unlike most modern Disney parades,  there is 0% chance of seeing any Meghan Trainor in this one.
  So no offense to Meghan Trainor,  but the last couple specials they have aired  sure have had a lot of Meghan Trainor.
  No offense, not again.
  Just a lot of vowels, as many vowels as you could fit in.
  So make sure that you, I mean,  the link will be in front of you,  but you should be watching  Disney's Very Merry Christmas Parade, parentheses, 1991.
  It is posted by Mike Newell, December 7th, 2017.
  I'm just giving you every little bit to verify  you're watching the right one.
  He explains that due to a copyright claim,  the audio of Through the Years by Kenny Rogers  has been muted.
  So apologies for that.
  Although I checked, I think it's in there.
  So we will also be muted.
  We will be totally silent  in respect to modern copyright laws.
  I think you, actually, we shouldn't do that.
  And you should just sing Now Is The Time during that part.
  Oh, I mean, I guess more appropriately,  I should learn this Kenny Rogers song.
  Yeah, that's good too.
  That would be, but we don't have time for that.
  So now is the time.
  You'll sing it.
  Okay, so here, we'll give you a say.
  So pull it up.
  I guess you're gonna need multiple devices.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's right.
  Here, yeah, maybe we should give 15 seconds.
  So make sure you do whatever it takes.
  If you have to get past a 15 second or a 30 second,  hopefully it's just a five,  but get that video in front of you.
  The first frame's gonna be black,  and then it's gonna go to Mickey and his friends  surrounded by a presence in a tree.
  And, but yeah, we'll sync this thing up.
  And maybe, I was saying,  maybe we do it in California screaming style.
  Oh, okay.
  So I guess it'll be on one.
  I'll go from five to one.
  So everybody get it ready.
  And here we go in five, four, three, two, one.
  Okay, Mickey and friends as promised.
  What?  Who people have a giant watch, but that's not, that is not to scale with his.
  I hope that scarf he gave Minnie is cashmere too, cause that watch probably costs more.
  Now this is Mickey's house in Orlando, am I right?  Yeah.
  Because I've been in this house.
  Pre-Tune Town, you've been in the house.
  I'm pretty, yeah, we went into some Mickey's birthday, like Mickey's birthday land house.
  Well that means, that means you've been in the den.
  You need to make a phone call, use the den.
  That's a very specific thing from another special that I've referenced before.
  We'll get to that one eventually.
  So this is the fantastic opening showing Disney's MGM Studios.
  MGM Studios would have been pretty, still pretty new, still pretty glossy and new.
  And this is before drone, this is a helicopter shot I'm assuming.
  The Grand Floridian also still shiny and new.
  Yes, this was a very exciting time for the party,  and a very exciting time for Teal Graphics.
  Oh, I love, yeah, that's a great one.
  Oh, the Mardi Gras Parade.
  I mean, we were talking about in the email, the Mardi Gras themed parade.
  Well, that's what, see, you get the regular holiday parade in this one and the Mardi Gras parade  with appearances by, I want to say the dinosaurs.
  Oh.
  Joan London.
  Joan London, Regis of course.
  And Regis.
  Mayim Bialik.
  Regis Bialik, who only this year, she was not brought back.
  So I don't know what she did.
  I don't know how she fucked up.
  I don't know how she wronged the Disney company, but not asked to put this in.
  Oh my God, look at those dancing, are those horses?  They're awfully strange.
  They kind of, I mean, we'll see them again in a bit.
  We're just getting the preview here.
  Would Beauty and the Beast have just come out?  Is that right?  Yeah.
  December 91.
  Oh, and we get the preview of Disney Paris.
  And Spectrum Magic.
  This is the doll-faced man of Jason's Nightmares.
  My nemesis.
  I, Spectrum Magic was such a cool show, like such a cool parade, except I was never comfortable  watching it.
  Ninja Turtles.
  I'll talk about it more when it comes up.
  Yeah, we just saw the Ninja Turtles.
  Doll-faced men.
  And the dinosaurs from Dinosaur.
  This is a big special.
  This is a major one.
  And as always, you have the, now these are dolls that I like.
  I really like the marching dolls from Babes in Toyland.
  And I also like the Disney Reindeer.
  I think they're a lot of fun.
  I like them too.
  I also like the Disney Reindeer.
  That's stuff to look forward to in the holiday seasons.
  The carriages that only come out.
  The little armies they had.
  This here, you'll see, you'll notice the room font on screen.
  Shout out to the room font.
  So, Joan and Regis, kind of the classic lineup.
  And they started veering from Joan and Regis.
  I remember there was one year that was Jerry Van Dyke, and I want to say Suzanne Summers.
  Oh, yes.
  And that was the one I brought for the, when we did the parade special.
  Oh, that's right.
  Last year.
  Yeah.
  And they, Jerry Van Dyke is just off the leash.
  I hated him.
  I was kind of, I don't know.
  Maybe, I'll go ahead and say it.
  I think it ruined my Christmas morning to not see trustworthy Regis and benign fine Joan  London.
  Yeah.
  I'm not excited about Joan London.
  I think she did a great job though.
  And I thought Suzanne and Jerry were not prepared.
  Yeah.
  And there's a reason why they didn't come back, and there's a reason why Regis came  back the next year.
  Regis has an ability to roll with things, I think, that really makes Regis the superior  choice for hosting stuff like this.
  Regis healed the nation after 9-11.
  He was on the first Letterman post 9-11, and he wasn't the first guest, but they had Dan  Rather talk and he was very sad about what had happened.
  Regis was the first comedy guest.
  So he really was the first to do comedy in some regard.
  He was America's funny man.
  America's premier funny man.
  Until Lauren got permission from Rudy.
  Right.
  Oh, I just heard Regis say mutant ninja turtles.
  Can you imagine adults rapping?  If a new thing like Ninja Turtles was happening now, you'd mess it up all the time.
  Like, you'd be so dismissive.
  Right.
  And kids would be shouting, no, it's Paw Patrol, not the Patrol Pawlers.
  Yeah, my ambialic blossom.
  You know, I found a bunch of old VHS tapes at my mom's a couple years ago and did watch  a bunch of parades.
  And I think this maybe some of this one was on there.
  I'm pretty sure I had this taped onto TV.
  I think the version we're watching does not have commercials.
  Yes.
  And I wanted to dip a toe into the water because all of these are on YouTube and everyone should  watch all of them always, whether or not it's Christmas.
  But I figured an hour and a half would be a little easier than the two with the full  commercial.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's what I figured because I figured it would be two hours with the commercials.
  We did see a card when they were showing the sponsors of Kissimmee St.
 Cloud, which is  a kid.
  I just knew the term Kissimmee St.
 Cloud.
  You loved Kissimmee St.
 Cloud.
  It's like next to Disney World.
  I did not in the Christmas parade, but I famously did march in my high school marching band  at Disney World.
  Right.
  Which park?  Magic Kingdom and Epcot.
  Nice.
  Both?  Really?  But not yet.
  Not here.
  These kids are in MGM Studios.
  They're playing the music off of the sheet.
  We only played one song, so I didn't need the sheet music in front of me.
  What was the song?  It was Paul Simon's Late in the Evening.
  I don't know that song.
  You've heard Late in the Evening, I think.
  Yeah, probably.
  I mean, probably.
  It's like a Graceland-y.
  I don't even forget if it's on Graceland, but it's around that time.
  It's like one of those little funky songs.
  And what did you feel like the marching band interpretation worked?  Did it lend itself to marching bands, to the marching band genre?  There's a section of it that has a big horn part that I think is what our band director  was thinking.
  It's like all horns.
  Are you with your hands playing the correct notes right now?  No, I'm just doing a little shimmy with my fingers to show you how fun it is.
  These nights on horseback.
  Yeah, these are like our medieval times nights.
  Now is this the.
.
.
  They're cutting fast too here.
  There's this odd guy.
  Do you guys remember from these specials that there was this very like cherubic, like jolly  old man who wore kind of fancy pastels who was like the leader of the band?  I think we're going to see him at some point.
  I don't know.
  That doesn't sound familiar.
  But he's kind of this like.
.
.
  Like a Duda-parade kind of guy.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, he's also like a perennially young looking old man like Mickey Rooney or to put it in  a worse way, like a Jeff Sessions.
  This is him.
  Here's who I was thinking of.
  Oh, yeah, the leader of the parade.
  The martial of the parade.
  He's twirling his baton.
  Do they name him?  I want to see more of him.
  You're going to get a good shot of him for sure.
  Like, when it trains on a close of this man just loving life, loving Disney, loving Christmas,  here we go.
  Ta-ta.
  Yeah, I thought like guys like that were cool as a kid.
  Is that true?  I mean, I love anyone with a little pomp and circumstance, a little size.
  He really does have a cherubic face.
  You thought this little boy old man was really cool?  Like any sort of MC, like Harold Hill type, MC, leader of the parade.
  Harold Hill is like Mick Jagger compared to this guy.
  No offense to this guy.
  There's a WWE wrestler Chris Benoit in the audience.
  Sorry.
  And a big puddle on the ground.
  He looked like Chris Benoit.
  I'm sorry.
  So am I crazy or did these parades?  I mean, I'm sure they shot a lot of it in advance like they do now, but I feel like  when we would watch them live, they would say we're live so much.
  Yeah, I think there were actual live components.
  Did you think this guy was cool?  Jason loves a coachman.
  I know.
  Well, it's cool to have a craft and be good at it.
  The coachman has a craft.
  Yeah.
  Well, that's a nice sentiment for the kids out there.
  I had that thought when I was younger.
  The cartoon version of him, I mean, I found very odd.
  Like he's much tinier than the rest of the Cinderella humans.
  Oh, yeah.
  It weirded me out and sort of in the giant like 50s pompadour.
  I don't think he registered that high on my list of like memorable characters from that  movie.
  It's interesting to see the changing, like the dancers, much more metallic kind of interpretation  of medieval sort of outfits as opposed to now.
  I feel like it's much more detail oriented.
  Cinderella Regis is saying hi to Cinderella.
  Now that's a runner in all the parades is that I don't think it happened there.
  The Cinderella mice, my wife's favorite, she'd be shrieking if they were.
  She loves that.
  Not so much in the cartoon.
  She loves the costumes of the Cinderella mice, the full size, and it seems like they are  pretty present in Tokyo.
  And I'm really excited.
  I don't know if you saw them.
  We may have seen them in a parade, but we're not just hanging around.
  They show up in the parades here.
  I was saying about Cinderella, there's a runner that it always zooms in on her and Regis is  like Cinderella, where's my kiss?  Give me the kiss.
  Oh, there it goes.
  And I think as the years go on, she gets a little withholding.
  She's toying with him, but he always gets it.
  Wait, he always gets a kiss from Cinderella?  I mean, he gets blown a kiss from Cinderella.
  I'm just going to say the specials end with them making out.
  All right, just roll on this until we're out.
  Joy doesn't mind if it's Cinderella.
  I've had a hall pass from childhood.
  Childhood in 1905.
  I meant the original storybook character.
  I didn't grow up with a cartoon.
  OK, these carolers in full winter wear.
  I like this guy.
  I like the Disney snowman too.
  Yeah, I like all of the Disney cartoon characters.
  Everything is in slow motion.
  Yeah, that is just a man driving.
  Oh, he's got Snow White blowing a kiss.
  Blown kisses.
  A lot of kisses from the princesses.
  Nothing from Minnie, though.
  Sorry, Mike.
  That's too bad, but there's a cowboy.
  Those are nice.
  These are good figures.
  So the way Orlando weather is in winter, those carolers are either standing in 90  degree heat or 60 degree heat in full, like  mufflers and gloves and stuff.
  That's a good shot.
 But some of these shots are a little boring.
  Well, in 1991, slow motion was still very exciting.
  And now we can do it on our phones and we're bored by it and hate it.
  That's fair.
  There's Mickey.
 He's got a hat on and a suit.
  Why does that Mickey feel old?  He does his face.
 Something about his face.
  It's not the newer face.
  Yeah, he's got a different face and he seems.
  Yeah, he seems old.
  But he seems similar to the 80s Chuck E.
  Cheese, sort of like blunter features.
  And it's like, yeah, it's like kind of more of felty fuzz is his hair.
  As if I feel like they're like more so they like import like special horse hair  from Nepal or something and cut it real short these days.
  I think they were on a lot of the specials.
  Right.
 Is anyone listening to like, did other people  grow up with these these parades or are we?  Yeah, we I'm sure of like it was part of our morning.
  If we weren't, if we were opening presents  or if we weren't, if we slept in, we would have a tape going  so we could watch it later.
  Like this was yeah, we would.
  Yeah, we would tape often.
 Yeah.
  If Church conflicted with the Christmas parade.
  Oh, see, we always bang that out.
  We always did Christmas Eve candlelight and that.
  Oh, yeah.
 We started to and we do.
  So these are Pleasure Island cat.
  We know those are the Pinocchio.
  Pleasure Island cat with the Mardi Gras, Mardi Gras, Domino mask.
  We moved over the Magic Kingdom now.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which is similar to the 35th anniversary Disneyland parade.
  And Jiminy Cricket has a Mardi Gras mask on.
  Everyone's into Mardi Gras.
  Why? But Mardi Gras to me seems like a real pleasure islandy  kind of a thing with the excess.
  So why are all the characters way into it after Pinocchio  learns lessons is this pre movie maybe and Jiminy and the mean cats?  Yeah.
 Celebrating together.
  Right.
 It's probably also the the vibe of the centerpiece of of the parade is  is Roger Rabbit's vibe is very wild.
  And I feel like goes with Mardi Gras.
  I get Roger Rabbit celebrating.
 I'm just saying.
  Well, he's it's a party when he invited all his friends to the party parade.
  I don't think Roger Rabbit gets enough credit for like the  in the Disney animation resurgence.
  Right.
 That's a good point.
  It is weird that it's like and then the Little Mermaid brought it back to light.
  But Roger was a major hit and they don't they don't give Roger Bob  Bob Zemeckis, as I call him, talks about how I mean, especially like Jessica Rabbit.
  They don't want to they don't you they don't want to use her.
  He says, oh, is that it?  But also, like Roger seems to get no love either.
  And Roger seems like you do something with Roger.
  My goodness.
 Like everyone likes Roger.
  Maybe Roger could welcome us to Marwin.
  I'm sure if the right of old Bob Zemeckis could could do it, he would.
  He would let Roger welcome us to Marwin.
  But you know, they're going so CGI with Roger.
  I don't know if I want it to happen.
  I like the in theory, the Roger Rabbit sequel was about  the influx of 3D animation.
  Really? You get like the original dynamic Roger.
  Roger can is weird.
  Well, this knows you get all the Pixar characters in there, too.
  So like there is a fun of like, oh, that is a kind of a cool idea.
  Well, with the all live in my Disney dot com now, but they would always  in all my Disney dot com.
  This is so awesome.
  Somebody blazing up outside.
  I smell a strong weed.
  A little bit of a smell.
  Yeah, guess what? It's me.
  Oh, I've been hiding it behind the pillows.
  This Roger float is great because it's got a giant Roger Rabbit  and Roger Rabbit is on it.
  So it's sort of like in Citizen King when he's giving his speech  and he's got a giant picture behind himself.
  Roger was like it was the big six for a while.
  Yeah, Roger was an equal.
  He was a stitch of his day.
  Oh, yes.
 Oddly, heavily represented for a while.
  It's interesting to think about because Roger is sort of like Disney  doing a Looney Tunes character, right? Yeah.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  He's kind of like that.
  He's kind of the middle in a way.
  He's like that's true.
  That's a great Mickey and Bugs had a baby.
  You know, this is just my personal opinion.
  I think Mickey is more the everyman, but Bugs is funnier.
  I don't think that would be a huge thing.
  I don't think Bugs is the funny one.
  I think if you pose, if somebody had to take the other side in a debate,  no one would accept that.
  I guess that's the feeling.
  Yeah, that's the correct opinion.
  All right.
  But now when Mickey at some point in time was funny,  like in the 20s, early on Mickey was funny and he was weird and edgy and mean.
  Plain crazy where he messes his hair up and he makes like the goofball face.
  And then Walt, yeah, Walt wanted him to be a very like bland corporate mascot.
  So Donald got he would give the different like fun qualities to Donald and Goofy.
  And Mickey then became sort of a blank slate,  although most people say like the runaway brain short.
  Is it short? No, it's longer.
  It's not a short.
 It was one of those weird.
  That was one where like they like he gets to do weird stuff in that one.
  And it's bizarre.
  And there's some people say it's problematic.
  But he finally got to be like funny and weird again.
  But then they stamp that right out and he's back to being sort of  likable every man.
  I think not necessarily in the those the cartoons that the railway is based on.
  I think Mickey's I haven't I'm not super familiar with them.
  The railway, the new cartoons.
  Yes.
 No, that's true.
  And those cartoons are good.
  And I think they're on to some.
  And isn't the main guy behind it, one of the Rocco Rocco's Modern Life?  Oh, is that right? I don't I don't know.
  Let's go back to the parade.
  It's I think it's nice to see some roofs.
  A co-centerpiece of the not to give Roger all the credit  because Mickey with Minnie with the fruit on her head is great, too.
  Oh, my gosh.
  Minnie with the fruit on her head is so great.
  I feel like this was in commercials as well.
  Oh, right.
 For sure.
  Commercials and the VHS.
  We haven't talked about those really very much.
  The promotional videos, they would make a new one every year and mail you a VHS.
  Oh, yeah.
 They just send you a link to like practically a Vimeo file.
  You can still get the practical copy.
  I feel like they stopped this year.
  Oh, this year they did.
  Oh, this year or last year.
  I got here.
 We go.
 Hold on.
 Sorry.
  So these are horses.
  These I don't like.
  Yeah, these are I don't like them, but they are fascinating to me.
  Yes.
 All right.
 I'll give you that.
  They are engaging.
  They're interesting.
  Look, right.
 Oh, look at the chairs.
  And here's all of our dads got what everyone's dad looked like at the time.
  That dad was going over to Pleasure Island after the kids went to bed  or down to the Neverland Club.
  So these are OK, Donald and Daisy are on a sleigh  and they're in the back watching the show, enjoying it.
  And these are not reindeer, but they're white horses and just carolers.
  Caroly, people playing kind of mutant horses.
  And they all point up one one horse open sleigh.
  Right.
 This guy looks like he's wearing a white and bison.
  Get up a white and bison of string.
  That's right.
  Every time I in preparation for Tokyo Disney,  if I look up a show that happened in front of their castle  in the 80s, early 90s, it's spectacular.
  Yeah, I know.
 Super bizarre.
  Sometimes scary things, sometimes grotesque things.
  There's like a 60s rock and roll show that they did,  which was very bizarre.
  But they do like rock and roll classics in Tokyo.
  That's great.
 And correct me if I'm wrong, Mike.
  Don't don't when parades come around, people sit on the ground.
  Is that right?  So everyone may see and enjoy it and have an unobstructed view.
  Yes, that is correct.
  As opposed to the hours of staking out the spot,  staking out and standing and putting kids on shoulders.
  People do stake out here or excuse me,  they stake out there, but it's like a whole event.
  People really line up and.
  Yeah.
 Tap dancing this horse creatures.
  I love tap dancing.
 Little Jason love tap dancing.
  I mean, that is still that is on my bucket list is to learn how to tap.
  Really? Yes, I've always wanted to learn.
  Oh, my God.
 Because you want to know who Jason.
  I will find you cheap tap lessons and I will buy it for Christmas.
  The Arthur Murray Dance Studio.
  Yes, I will find the funniest place you can learn tap and I will pay.
  I will give you a Christmas present.
  I think Rachel Hastings took tap a few years.
  Oh, my God.
  With seven great titles.
 Here's.
  And the fans come.
  Oh, that's a patriot here.
  We'll tell you where you're the location of Jason's recital.
  I think you mean to be encouraging.
  You're get a little mean.
  It's just such a fine line.
  Fair enough.
 So here's another here's another thing  little Jason thought was cool.
  Gene Kelly and singing in the rain.
  They do in no small part to MGM's.
  How much singing in the rain was in MGM Studios.
  We were different little kids.
  I will say that you and I were different.
  I like Gene Kelly a lot now.
  Scrooge McDuck.
 He looks very weird, but that Scrooge.
  I like the costume of Scrooge.
  He is a simplified look somehow.
  Yeah.
 But you and I were different as little kids.
  I think maybe we would have you like the same stuff I did, but I was not.
  I did not like a lot of like old timey stuff.
  I think we turned when I started doing like the school musicals and stuff,  because then I started learning about other musicals.
  And then I started really paying attention to all the like  Hollywood hits in MGM Studios.
  And like, OK, so this from OK, singing in the room,  I'm going to go home and go to Blockbuster and Red's singing in the rain.
  We get back to that.
  Mother, I like all of Busby Berkeley's films that she choreographed.
  I didn't watch until like a few years ago, and some of them are still very good  and impressive.
 But then there's some weird racial stuff.
  And we talked about that.
  Yeah, we talked about Shanghai, Lil's Light Parade.
  Here's what I think.
  I think like I think we were very similar kids because my mom raised me  with musicals and I loved, you know, that's entertainment.
  The MGM compilation of all the greatest musical scenes.
  I liked weird like my mom had a baton around the house  because she did whatever that is where you have a baton.
  And I tried like play with the baton.
  And so we were not dissimilar kids.
  But here's what I think.
  I think now I kind of roll my eyes like, oh, my God, as a lamest kid, Jason,  I think you're like, I was great then and great now.
  Like, I think you stick by Jason in a big way, which I think is fun.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  And like I don't I look, I've reimbred this entire podcast  is me re embracing lame right kids, Scott.
  I've picked up.
 I'm carrying the baton of that stuff.
  Well, Scott, you did do, I mean, improv classes.
  But if you go past the classes and you just keep doing improv,  shame goes away, like the shame just gets beaten out of you.
  So I did.
 You know what? That is something I was always embarrassed doing,  like one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, one, two, three, four.
  Like I don't those kinds of and like sort of sound and movement stuff.
  That's like the only kind of a bear.
  I like really these crazy.
  You know what it did?  I just did it just now and it felt kind of good.
  I feel looser.
 It does help.
  I'm going to do that.
  Yeah, there you go.
  And stretch and share.
  It gets people talking.
  That's where you like just tell a story about like something that happened recently.
  And then you pick a stretch.
 Everyone mirrors it.
  I find it also helps groups, you know, to bond, to bond.
  And then also, like if people are feeling chatty, they get the chattyness out  so they can focus on teamwork.
  Oh, sure.
 And now let me also say, I'm not sure I've said on the podcast anywhere  just to equal your childhood.
  I was like I was particularly into the movie The Happiest Millionaire,  the Disney movie, which I don't know.
  Nobody else really grew up with, but it's always around a lot for me.
  Even more than Mary Poppins.
  I watched the happiest millionaire more with the song Fortuosity.
  And my mom and I would sing Fortuosity together and my dad would  pray and hope that I ended up OK.
  Oh, wow.
  So, you know, oh, my God.
  What is this?  This was such a cool trick.
  The snowman melts.
  But then he's OK.
  That's amazing.
  So where did you do?  So I don't know where those legs went.
  Most of the body in the head and then like he just like.
  Why don't they do that?  I should just try that with a blanket right now.
  We're back in MGM Studios.
  I feel like they're putting all the big hits in MGM Studios,  because that would be the brand new park at the time.
  By being that Snow White and the snow white and the dwarfs.
  And then we saw Sleeping Beauty earlier.
  Now here's Ariel and Eric and then some horrifying seahorse character.
  Now, I know getting to be a child when the Little Mermaid  and Beauty and the Beast came out.
  What a wonderful blessing.
  I remember these were greats to experience.
  I remember being in the lobby.
  I remember being in the lobby before we saw Little Mermaid,  which is what? 89.
  So I'm four.
  What theater we taught, what's the brand?  Five.
 Oh, good question.
  We had a Cinemark, we had a GCC.
  It was not one of our regular theaters.
  I think maybe we had only that was the only time we went to that theater  to see a movie because we went with some friends and I cannot remember.
  There was a great you would love.
  There was a movie theater in a shopping mall, not Woodfield.
  It was in Stratford Square Mall, which is very close by.
  It was under a waterfall in the mall.
  So you would go.
  Yeah, you would go inside and then like you would be like  what you walking down the halls of the scene, the theaters was you walk by  on the left, it was the waterfall and you would see out into the mall.
  And I believe still that way is today is completely.
  Yeah, it's gone.
  I was like there.
  There's a site called Cinematreasers.
org  where you can look at where people compile photos of how their local  movie theater used to be.
 And I'll look it up.
  I want to know about this waterfall.
  Stratford Square Mall.
  I saw Fievel goes west there and several other movies like that in the theater.
  I was very lucky growing up in Los Angeles that I did get to.
  I get to see movies here and there at the Grand Floridian when they're not  Grand Floridian, what I'm talking about, the El Capitan.
  Oh, yeah, I did.
  I saw Aladdin for the first time in the El Capitan.
  Wow.
 That's crazy.
  Yeah, yeah.
 With that giant ceiling and little show for him.
  They owned it.
  They were they like learning how to dance  with me playing trumpet.
  I hate dancing.
  I hate dancing.
  You wouldn't dance at the hell of the moon.
  Yeah, that's right.
 Refused.
  You slipped out the door.
  I mean, I was like five different ways of uncomfortable at hell.
  At the moon.
 So.
  But where is Mike and I were only two.
  Yeah, I think you guys were in a.
  OK, here.
 Oh, God, I'm getting uncomfortable right now  because Spectre Magic is happening.
  So I.
  I want to go there's like a dozen.
  Rubik's Cube chests.
  Make these outfit.
 All the outfits are fantastic.
  The outfits are fantastic.
  And I would enjoy the parade, but I would be like the doll men are lurking  somewhere and Jim and Len talked about them.
  I believe they all have individual names,  but they are collectively known as the Spectre Men, which is a terrifying name.
  If we are not back to our men.
  Disney plus series about the Spectre Men, maybe it's going to be all that's left.
  Yeah, final characters.
  Cinderella mice.
  Aaron specifically loves Cinderella mice in the electrical parade.
  And therefore in Spectre Man, this also I this is the first  electrical parade I would have seen.
  They didn't bring the mainstream to Florida for a number of years.
  Yeah, this is my first electric that I would have seen.
  Yeah, first.
  Your first electric first electric parade of two.
  Unless did you see anything like that in Japan?  Is there some like different equivalent?  Yeah, there is a there's I forget what it's called,  but it's like very similar electric light parade.
  But then it's also they've got the phantasmic, which is in Disney.
  Patti LaBelle.
  With cool eyebrows.
  Yeah, we're shade.
  See, Patti LaBelle is the kind of artist who I listen to now,  but all those kind of people were so lame by the 90s that I did not.
  I like had a distrust of a lot of like the Pointer sisters  were always on a lot of Disney specials and I found them so lame.
  And now you go back to prime Pointer sisters and they're pretty rad.
  Yeah, that is I am always interested in people I thought were lame,  like even like Springsteen in the 90s, who I didn't listen to a lot.
  You'd see pictures and he looked old to me,  but like it didn't look anything appealing.
  And no one he didn't he had like a resurgence after 9 11,  too, where he became cool again, I feel like.
  Yeah, in the 90s, I was always like, who's this?  Well, I think 70s looks cool.
  Oh, yeah.
 In early 80s and then late 80s, 90s, like the fashion did no favors to men.
  I also as a kid, this seems insane to me now.
  But I would tailspin.
  Baloo, of course, never had a rough period, never stopped.
  Always cool.
 Yeah, always look cool.
  But I would I would mix up Bruce Springsteen and Billy Joel  because they were so ubiquitous, like their music was just always played at weddings  on classic rock stations.
  So I would just mix them up.
  And they're they're grown up musicians.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I think not everyone cool kid musicians like Baloo.
 Right.
  Which is do you guys listen to that?  Do you have the tape of the Disney afternoon song?  There was like a Disney afternoon album with the theme songs,  but also like related songs that I remember listening to on the way to Disneyland  in those early to go to the Disney afternoon Avenue.
  I don't think I know.
  It's another time your dad asking if you were OK.
  I was more OK with that stuff.
  That's like cool island rhythms.
  Like the Beach Boys.
 Yeah.
  See, he was perfectly comfortable with me listening to Kokomo all the time.
  But oh, sure.
  Well, we didn't really have a choice of that.
  If you want to go to the mall, you're probably going to hear a Kokomo.
  That was shoved at Kokomo.
  Of course, the music video filmed at the Grand Floridian, right?  A couple of years before this was part of a Disney special.
  But then they shot it for broadcast cameras and then they brought in film  cameras and with the same setup.
  So everybody's in the same wardrobe.
  If you're a fan of the 80s, Beach Boys and different types of cameras,  as I was from four years old, apparently.
  See, my dad raised me.
  Yeah.
 See, Donald looks good, but I don't have much of a memory of this float.
  And this isn't the iconic is that mini float.
  Yeah.
 And by euros, the caballeros  and with their big caballeros fans here.
  You want to see a shaky shot like today?  Because it's real.
 It's raw, man.
  They're too polished today.
  This is a punk parade.
  Nothing more punk than standard death.
  Standard of shake party.
  There's Jose going nuts.
  Famously, of course, in Tokyo, they grab each.
  Donald and Jose grab each other's butts before the party.
  Grasher.
 Yeah.
 Really?  Oh, yeah.
 You missed that part.
  That's an OK spoiler to tell you.
 Yeah, absolutely.
  But when we're standing when we were standing waiting for the let's party  grasher, Donald and Jose came up because we saw it happen like the day before.
  So we're like, let's stand here.
  So we're right by them.
  And I got some great pictures and like they're clowning around  and telling us like not to say anything.
  And they turn around.
  Jose like pushes and might be the way around.
  Pushes like Donald down his head down  and then starts like touching his butt and fluffing his butt up.
  And then they're both like laughing, like doing their like hands to the mouth  to suggest laughing.
  And they turn around.
  Then the other then like, well, they switch off.
  And now the other one's touching the other one's butt and fluffing.
  And this is happening right in front of something like, what is this?  Fluff a pillow.
 You know, if you have a pillow, you got to fluff it.
  But it was very like that would not fly in the American parks.
  I would imagine.
  Definitely not.
  But if you're if your butt was that fluffy.
  Yeah, you just need that kind of treatments.
  Yeah.
 Oh, Disneyland.
  Castle, not this site.
  Do not like there were nutcrackers that I didn't go see this.
  It's taken over.
  But this is a regular video.
  Opel is being video.
  I think maybe a couple of years in a row.
  And there was a special of Mickey's Nutcracker, and I did not like that one.
  If it does never cameos from celebrities of the time, I don't care.
  I was never a nut.
 We.
  Kids with giant lolis and fit through the bars, dudes.
  I was never a nutcracker fan in general.
  Oh, no, no iteration of it.
  Now, didn't did you end up seeing or will you see nutcracker in the four realms?  Well, I'm a big fan of the four realms.
  I haven't seen it yet, but I will see it when it's on Disney Plus  late 2019.
  Oh, they were going to waste a lot of time and Roger and Roger again.
  Rogers and the Nutcracker show.
  This is an early appearance to of sitting down Mickey,  who you can see in Mickey's birthday Mickey's 90th special.
  I see there's a toothbrush back there  and then somebody is in front of a thing of chocolate.
  There's a great there's a way that these specials are edited  where the people start  applauding as soon as a song begins or a character arrives,  which have you ever seen anything that way where like  note one and yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Which also, now that I said it, is also the style of the film A Star is Born.
  Oh, so it begins.
  People are screaming front to back, you know, the way concerts work.
  People cheer for the Lady Gaga character.
  When she walks on stage to sing Shallows,  you know, she is just a stranger walking out in a lanyard.
  Who's not really been introduced.
  He said like a girl going out and where is the girl?  Which is a very moving scene.
  But it's like, well, we don't know her yet.
  Yeah.
 These cowboys, by the way, this is only a few years.
  They would have been Woody and Jesse.
  Hmm.
 The cowboys.
  They kind of look similar.
  There it is.
  Actually, though, no, that's a Disneyland monorail.
  So it's actually changed, changed.
  Oh, and here we go.
  Lee Greenwood and Sandy Patty.
  Sandy Patty was in the one that I talked about last year.
  There's a lot of them.
  Yeah.
 Sandy Patty, I did not rediscover and reappreciate like Patty LaBelle.
  Yeah.
 If there's good Sandy Patty music, I'm unfamiliar with it.
  It's probably all it's all gospel and standards, right?  I guess so.
 Like, yeah.
  Which, you know, I have that she's probably a nice person.
  She's a good singer.
  She I don't remember what she's wearing in this,  but I think it's like a sparkly bag.
  But all the women in these specials were wearing sparkly bags.
  Any 90s special is sparkly bags front to back.
  Disney characters in Epcot.
  I don't know about this.
  What Bart is a little Bart.
  Hey, yeah.
 Whoa.
  Fry.
 What? No.
 What's his name?  Is it a turtle?  You can see the cultural divide forming  non Disney characters on the shirts for the first time ever.
  Yeah, they brought the turtles into the fold, but not until 2019  would Bart Simpson join the Disney family.
  What's going to that's one of those.
  We you know, you don't have any time to like process this and think about it.
  Bart, can they start using Bart? Yes.
  But what happens in January?  First Bart?  Well, that's a good question.
  I wonder maybe if it's a similar thing to the Marvel deal  where they can't use Bart in the parks.
 Maybe.
  But maybe like somewhere where it's Simpsons,  is there a universal park where they don't have Simpsons?  Maybe internationally, internationally, maybe an international park.
  Like Tokyo, just Simpsons in Tokyo.
  Or is it still?  I'm not sure.
  I can't remember.
  Do the Simpsons rate in Japan?  Yeah, I don't know.
  Anyone care about the Simpsons?  Well, clearly what they have to do is take all the Simpsons rides out,  move them to Disney parks and let the characters walk around  and bring back the back to the future ride.
  There's only one choice.
 Yeah.
  Now, there's a lot of serious parts of these which we can't make fun of, so.
.
.
  No, but there was a very funny slow push in on Joan London.
  And like.
.
.
  Push ins are fair game.
  Yeah, it's.
.
.
 I gotta say, very smooth, practical push in.
  Like, a very.
.
.
 They had pros working these cameras, except for that weird shaky one.
  And I can make fun of her jacket that looks like a big strawberry.
  Mm-hmm.
  I assume I and Bialik, they were like, we.
.
.
  Maybe kids will want to see someone closer to their own age hosting these things,  and that's why they tried her out.
  Well, did Disney produce Blossom?  Was it ABC?  You know what? I think it was NBC.
  I think it was NBC, because it had the relationship with NBC at the time.
  You'd have that cool old graphic, the NBC productions.
  Oh, yeah.
  But Blossom did visit.
.
.
  Um.
.
.
  Disneyland.
  Which we also have to do commentary on at some point, with this bizarre scene where  people are just chucking shit out of the skyway and nobody does anything about it.
  Oh, now here we got another reason why this is appropriate.
  The recently passed away.
.
.
  You're probably still seeing half-mast flags.
  That flags are half-mast all month, apparently.
  For George Bush.
  Did every.
.
.
  There he is.
  Did Ford and Reagan also go to Epcot?  I think a lot of presidents have been to Epcot.
  Yeah, Ford I'm not totally confident, but.
.
.
  And Trump will be there when Guardians of the Galaxy roller coaster opens.
  Did you see a picture of that show building at night?  Is it lit up?  It's lit, like it's lit because they're doing construction on it.
  It is so big.
  Pretty massive, yeah.
  It's crazy.
  It is.
  It's almost as bright as a thousand points of light.
  Glasses Bush is wearing in this have come back into fashion, so.
.
.
  Yeah, kind of though.
  Kind of.
  His son eulogizing him, called him the brightest point of light.
  And now also wearing a sparkly bag.
  Well, that sparkly jacket has also come back into fashion.
  Everyone, anyone watching this for attention, please just look at his bleak greenwoods mouth.
  He has a quiver, a quiver.
  Yeah.
  There she is.
  There's the bag.
  There's the bell and balls.
  It's not sparkly, it's just.
.
.
  Just a blouse, blouse and a jacket, a blazer.
  You know what I think is nice is that all our presidents, regardless of political affiliations  on all sides of the aisle, all of their favorite musical artist is Lee Greenwood.
  And has always been.
  Donald Trump, before it was even a glimmer in his eyes that he'd be the president,  he's always loved Lee Greenwood.
  And I know this, I know this is true.
  Obama loved Lee Greenwood, too.
  Of course.
  Obama loves, you know, Jay-Z and probably like Nina Simone and stuff.
  And Wilco.
  He loved Wilco.
  Wilco and for sure Lee Greenwood.
  Let me be clear.
  Number one in my book, gotta be Lee Greenwood.
  That guy can belt.
  Got him elected.
  Got him elected.
  Lee Greenwood also, I think he has got the long enough mullet thing in the back that  it should have been a pony, a little tiny pony.
  It definitely shows that everyone had.
  Barbara enjoying.
  They're laughing at the song.
  That feels like a shot where they were just like, we need a quick insert of you guys looking  happy.
  So they went to.
  And they're there.
  It's the ring of hope.
  You know, there's a family off to the side going like,  are all these fucking chairs gonna, are they not going to do illuminations tonight?  What the hell?  Oh, things like this.
  Reminder for the anniversary, the year of the, what would that have been, 25th anniversary?  With Sandy Patty doing the parade.
  She sang a medley of an original song called Remember the Magic and Zippity Doo Dah sort  of mushed together.
  Do, I do, I do, I do.
  Did they point at us?  I think she missed us.
  That's from like earlier when they were listening to a speech or something.
  Yeah, that's not how you respond to a music performance.
  Yeah.
  Watch his vibrato again here.
  Buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh.
  He's like a chattering teeth or something.
  He's a wind up toy.
  Yeah.
  Good job, guys.
  No fireworks at the end.
  Those are mid fireworks.
  They should have done this on the stage with Ben Franklin and Mark Twain shaking hands.
  They should have brought him outside for the first time ever.
  Here we go, the Yacht and Beach Club, another brand new Disney innovation.
  This was the time.
  And you know who did it all?  Michael Eisner.
  God bless Michael Eisner.
  He's the brightest guy in this holiday season.
  God bless Michael Eisner.
  King Michael.
  Hmm, what's happening here?  Just getting a Bambi clip.
  Seeing Bambi in the room font is very unsettling.
  Yeah.
  God, I don't think I realized Bambi was released in 1942 in the middle of a world war.
  It's what the world needed.
  I don't, I ate him.
  Never seen it!  I shot his mother!  I was 50 when it came out!  Uh oh.
  Oh, we don't say.
  Well, well.
  So any dads being made to watch this by their kids.
  They waited till 40 minutes in to show the Disney girls.
  Children, did that just mean the daughters, the Disney?  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
  The Scarecrow Jordan Crane has escaped from Markham.
  Did you call him Jordan Crane?  The Scarecrow, isn't it Jordan?  Jonathan Crane, Jason, come on.
  Are you sure?  I'm 100% sure it's not Jordan Crane.
  The Scarecrow is not Jordan.
  It's not Jonathan Kane.
  No, that's the keyboard player from Journey.
  Jordan, that's not Jordan.
  Jordan Crane is, I looked up Jordan Crane  as an American comic book creator.
  Okay, that's why I conflated the cartoonish Jordan Crane  with the an actual character.
  So this is,  I think they're not pushing the Brairs outside of Splash Mountain.
  Oh, here they-  These days.
  These days.
  They said it's the 40th- celebrating the 40th anniversary.
  There's a resurgence though of merch with the characters.
  The characters, yeah.
  Oh, because that toy that I have now.
  But then also like shirts and stuff use the Brair Rabbit and Brair Fox and Brair Bear characters.
  With no mention of the film.
  Okay, I see Scrooge.
  I see Gadget.
  Oh.
  And Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy.
  Are they public domain?  I don't know.
  Can we make a movie right now?  That is amazing.
  We haven't seen a Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy universe.
  I will admit this, childhood crush on Gadget.
  I thought you were gonna say Raggedy Ann.
  That's smart, Jason's slaying.
  Yeah, I know.
  That seems like a Jason thing.
  That's like Nancy or something.
  Jason, well Jason is Sluggo.
  I don't think you said you have a crush on Nancy.
  No, we're very related.
  I read a Nancy comic last night where she is telling an ice cream scooper to mix the  Rocky Road and Nango flavors together.
  And I was like, yes, that sounds good.
  But you are Nancy's boyfriend, Jason.
  Sluggo.
  Sluggo, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, Gadget is cool.
  I let- well, and I just learned that Gadget was based on the love interest in the movie  Real Genius with Val Kilmer.
  Okay.
  Interesting.
  Right, that's Val Kilmer.
  But that's kind of a crushable character also, sort of like hyper smart, cool nerd girl.
  But then also the trope of the male characters are short and stout and cute and then the  female character is sexy.
  Yeah.
  Like she falls into that trap too.
  Oh, you mean like within Rescue Rangers?  Yes.
  Rescue Rangers, but yeah, like Lola Bunny and Space Jam and many other examples.
  Lola Bunny is kind of attractive.
  Short and stout.
  Kind of attractive.
  Don't Google Lola Bunny because it's mostly smut.
  It's mostly people-  Smut.
  It's mostly people drawing filthy things.
  See, I think-  Maudie smut.
  I think- is Lola Bunny to young men as Fox Robin Hood is to young women, at least of  our generation?  I don't know.
  I haven't- my generation.
  No, I wouldn't say.
  Not as many men have expressed that, I think.
  I think of- what's her face from Goofy movie?  Peg?  From- oh, the girl from Goofy.
  The girl from Goofy movie.
  That Max is trying-  Peace wife Peg, I believe is what I was looking for.
  What's her name?  Roxanne.
  Roxanne.
  Yeah, I liked Roxanne.
  Yeah, there is a certain- for sure, Goofy movie, we've talked about how horny it is.
  It's so unsettling to watch Roxanne.
  We're watching these shots of this doe-eyed, sexy dog.
  Who's like 12, or 14, or 15.
  Yeah, it is weird.
  But back then, it was- as when you're coming of age, I don't know, it's still- it's odd.
  The sexuality surrounding the Goofy movie is very weird.
  I don't deny it's there.
  I think it is why it's so popular- part of why it's so popular in addition to the songs.
  Clips from Beauty and the Beast playing right now.
  I gotta say, Beauty and the Beast still looks great.
  It still looks really good.
  We were watching it a couple years ago and it's- the Gaston song is so much funnier than  I even remember it being.
  Yeah.
  Like it plays so well.
  And obviously the live action, every bit as fun.
  Silence.
  Silence.
  Silence.
  Silence.
  Now this, I love Chip and Mrs.
 Potts.
  Yeah.
  Here's the media applause I was talking about.
  Start of the song, let's applaud.
  The Chip and Mrs.
 Potts, same size as Belle.
  So crazy.
  And the Beast, they are the same.
  Now I don't know what else they would do.
  I don't know how else they represent any of this.
  But I love- I love them all.
  She makes me laugh.
  That was another really cool costume.
  Big Mrs.
 Potts is very funny.
  Like a parfait into like a lady in an elegant gown.
  Another cool practical effect.
  That was cool.
  That's- Katy Perry did a thing like that on a tour.
  That went in the hot and cold number.
  Oh, sure.
  Like the- it was like the immediately changing costumes.
  This was- and wouldn't it happen without this Beauty and the Beast live show?  They turned this live show around really quick.
  They still do this show.
  Yes.
  In Hollywood studios.
  God, really?  Yeah.
  The longest running theatrical production.
  Is this where there's a Cars show going in?  Am I crazy?  There's a Cars show going in, but I don't know if it's replacing this.
  I don't know if it's replacing this.
  Maybe replacing this.
  Better not be.
  I want this greatest hits musical that is fine.
  We did see this years ago.
  There are so many shows in Hollywood studios that you don't even realize.
  Gaston looks like a Fred Armisen character in this.
  Yes, that's true.
  I will say he's not as strong as like the recent- when you see the Gaston viral video  of him doing push-ups or challenging some like tourist, they always get like a real  hunky.
  I apologize.
  And then immediately the song about, something has changed.
  He was just screaming at her.
  And then one line later-  It's also in the movie too where you're like, what actually changed?  He's a literal monster screaming in my face, throwing plates around.
  But I was not scared of the walker.
  I know I have a picture at home back in Pennsylvania of me and walk around beast.
  I'll have to see if I can dig that up.
  Wow, really?  Yeah.
  And maybe the turtles too.
  Also high up on Aaron's cute character list along with giant Mrs.
 Potts and at the top  of Cinderella mice, the costumed beast is like kind of-  Still, new iterations of it are kind of- he just looks so simple and dumb and watching  him wave.
  I feel like he doesn't have a lot of faculties about him.
  You guys got to be our guest.
  Take a picture with him in his castle.
  In the restaurant?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'll reserve that at a time.
  I'll reserve it now for 18 months from now.
  I mean, you can get it if you check every day.
  All right.
  But also breakfast.
  They have breakfast now.
  I think it's easier to get in.
  Here she is.
  That was my girlfriend now.
  I didn't change in this one.
  He doesn't change, but he doesn't really change.
  The only thing he changes is that he gets really badly hurt in the movie because he  saves Belle in the woods and then she like nurses him back to hell.
  So when he's weak, it's kind of like a phantom threat.
  It's a lot like that now that I think about it.
  It's like she likes him when he's weak, yet is almost vulnerable because he's not such  a raging monster.
  Once every couple of months, I will send a pack of wolves after you.
  They will bite you up and I will take care of you.
  My hungry boy.
  My hungry boy.
  My hungry beast.
  That beast is one lucky beast.
  Does that make Mrs.
 Potts almost?  Thank you.
  All right.
  Did you see what I did?  I gave her a rose.
  No one wants to see the hideous post-transformation beat.
  No one wants to see man beast from the end because he looks like a weirdo.
  You know what he does?  It's like Michael Bolton.
  He's like early 90s Michael Bolton.
  Who was the standard of handsomeness at the time?  In that video of the ride coming to Tokyo Disney, when they're in the dancing room,  it's the human beast for some weird reason.
  They see that video out and then determine, I hope fans yell and we get that turned into  the beast.
  She's in the dress from the dance.
  That's not when he's a human.
  It'd be cool to see both.
  It'd be cool if they could transform it.
  Sure.
  I mean, I'm sure they can.
  Oh, now here we go.
  Oh, it's a party.
  Now this I know is up Lindsay's alley.
  I'm more of a recent party convert.
  She's going to get home from work in a second, but she knows one of which, what's the member  that she?  She's the one on the far right.
  I forget her name.
  Yeah, the one who does voices on Cartoon Network.
  Was the party on Disney 3D?  She's hung out with one fifth of the party.
  This is a perfectly mediocre.
  Oh, that weasely red hair guy on the end.
  He's like Bobby Budnick and like all the, a lot of the McAllister's who aren't Kevin  and all the run.
  This was quite a time to be a red haired weasel.
  It was, yes, that was in at this point.
  Yeah, there hasn't been a good one of those in the movie in a while.
  I saw one of the kid who used to do that.
  He's been in many prominent movies and he don't remember his name, but I saw him at  like a couple of commercial auditions and I was like, it's not one of the red haired  weasels of the era.
  Yeah.
  And I forget who it was, but I was like, Oh no, man, you're at the same pizza audition  that that was.
  Everybody's got to work.
  Sure.
  No, I mean all the guys we know who look the same, you know, the big stocky guys are always  on auditions with the who's the from the Mighty Ducks.
  Oh, right.
  Yes.
  Oh, wait.
  Or am I thinking of the salute your shorts, dude?  Yeah.
  Donkey.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think the Mondays of the world are donkey lips.
  Just flashed a 71 degrees bug in the corner also said live.
  So again, I don't know if that's kayfabe live or live live.
  So maybe elements of it.
  Yeah.
  Like some because they why would you include those shaky shots if not?  That's true.
  Yeah.
  So our fruits that fell off of Minnie's float that they picked up and are following.
  It looks like Chip is controlling that car.
  Yeah.
  A lot of these are kind of like marvels of mechanics.
  Yeah.
  Like if you watch specials where you see like somebody having to crouch in the bottom of  an electrical parade, you drive around the bugs.
  That's yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's really crazy.
  The way they can do more shaky as more shaky Pluto.
  The Pluto is a helicopter.
  This has to be a helicopter.
  There's nothing that tall right there.
  And the well, they could have set up a temporary scaffolding and looks high though to be a  scaffold.
  And also, kids in matching sweatsuits and fanny packs and Plutus, they're going nuts  for Pluto.
  They love Pluto.
  Country bears are in there too.
  Oh yeah.
  Holy shit.
  That's something.
  I would like those variants, those plush.
  But there's no there should be a Mardi Gras country bear special in Tokyo.
  They should bring back these like inflatable, not these exact ones, but no reason they couldn't  do like inflatable floats again.
  They should do every they should keep as soon as a holiday becomes like newly popular, like  Day of the Dead.
  Oh yeah.
  The country bears should hit it.
  There should be.
  There should be a different show every month for the country bears in Tokyo.
  How about like CGI movie or show of country bears?  Like using those designs, like making sure it feels like and if you did it where they  or this way that the Spider-Man, the Spider-Verse moves.
  If you did like a cool new type of animation for country bears.
  Sure that's great.
  Potentially a strong.
  My pitch, I guess my my legit pitch is Prairie Home Companion, but country bears.
  So like a live concert event where they kind of read scenes off of music stands.
  But I like that.
  I like it animated too.
  As opposed to being a radio show for four hours.
  I mean, like the movie country movie Prairie Home Companion.
  Yeah, yeah, sure.
  Because it is what it is.
  It's just a better show than Prairie Home Companion.
  No offense, Jason.
  I don't care.
  Well, they only have 17 minutes to fill out with.
  I forget what the name is now with Chris Thiele.
  Yeah, it's still going right.
  Garrison Keeler was Garrison Keeler was bid adieu.
  Um.
  This has to be a helicopter because it's shaky and that's such a high point.
  My go.
  How you doing, goof?  But you got to admire the use of the goofy cam.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's how you'd see it there hanging off of.
  This was not a GoPro era.
  That was a hard shot to get.
  Yeah.
  In 1991, who were my favorite character was goofy.
  Well, who were your favorites of the main cast?  I guess I would say goofy to.
  Yeah, it was good.
  OK, because I was obsessed with goofy.
  He's like, you know, everybody loved Michelangelo.
  Yes, it's an easy kid thing.
  Yeah, just the funny one.
  I like the more Amsterdam on the Dick Van Dyke show, the best.
  Sure, sure.
  And it's probably why I loved Mike Love.
  He was the funny one of the funny one of the boys.
  Oh, baby.
  This is Disney Girls.
  Now I understand.
  Which is because there is a Beach Boys song called Disney Girls, confusingly.
  But that's not this.
  Different hotels.
  This is made in a lab for for you.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The difference between the Dixie Landings girl.
  This is like a parody.
  I would write and perform to no response.
  Saratoga Springs is.
  Imagine that, that there were enough hotels at this time to do every all the verses of California girls.
  Typhoon Lagoon.
  And this is more produced than anything on the special so far.
  Yeah.
  A lot of money was spent.
 Yeah, so many dancers.
  A lot of stress.
  Yeah.
  Characters in hot suits.
  And like, they had to recruit a lot of like, women in bathing suits.
  Like, there's a whole, like, do you want to be in this non-union Disney special for no money?  We don't know that.
  What do you mean?  Maybe they treated these people right.
  I bet they did.
  Or maybe they were just like, well, yeah, yeah.
  I'm trying to get a lot of money for the dad.
  There's too many people in this for them to have been paid what they deserve.
  Yeah.
  Damn.
  I'm seeing a Brian Wilson Christmas concert very soon.
  It will have happened by the time this comes out.
  Performing the Christmas album in full.
  So, you know, Frosty the Snowman.
  All playing sign.
  Oh, there's some hunks.
  There's a little hunt right at the end.
  A little something for the ladies.
  Girls, girls, girls.
  Elk Grove, California.
  I did like when they would show like,  hi, we're regular people,  regular folks in the clothes we wore to the park  and we're here.
  Nowadays, I feel like everyone's pretty looking.
  What a dream it would have been to have been in this space.
  We'd all be showing that to everyone.
  Oh yeah, here we go.
  Here we go.
  Euro Disney.
  Euro.
  You who are whole.
  Okay.
  As we've said before,  the idea of Euro,  like it may as well have been on another planet to me.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I mean Disneyland, we said that about Disneyland  and Anaheim growing up.
  Well, as I said, we only went to Florida  and that was the only place I would ever go in my whole life.
  I was gonna be in Illinois or Florida,  Florida every four years and live in Illinois  and that would be it.
  But you added a third place.
  Yeah, this is what I did.
  We walked to this, basically this formation, I think,  like this path is what I meant.
  I see.
  And what'd you play?  There's a video trumpet.
  I was in the front.
  I was in the front line.
  And my mom was there and she was taking a video  and she got caught in the middle of the marching band.
  There's a video of her like realizing she's like  in the path and then the video camera drops and like runs.
  Did she lose the camera?  No, I think the footage exists,  so we'll find that at a certain point.
  That's movie hijinks.
  That's what happens in the Sesame Street movie,  Follow That Bird.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  That's a good way to create tension in any situation.
  If you're writing a movie,  set it, get people mixed up in a marching band.
  That's a great way to delay things.
  Physical gags present themselves.
  Somebody gets stuck in a tuba.
  There's a really perplexed older couple.
  Yeah, that was great.
  That woman in the red who would just like walk in  was like, what are they doing here?  Everyone looks confused and mad  at this TV production happening.
  Maybe somebody just said like, hey, can you stand in the background for a sec?  And then like, you know, hour and a half later, they're not letting them leave.
  Is that that little girl Flower from the TV show Flower?  I would like to share, can I share a text I just got from my mom?  Colorized I love Lucy and Dick Van Dyke on CBS tonight.
  On here now, almost forgot, tape or watch it.
  That's not dissimilar.
  I don't think I've said on the podcast how my dad does an impression of Robert Wagner  in whatever show Robert Wagner was on in the 60s.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Let's take the boat out.
  I'm not sure.
  It's not heart to heart? Is it heart to heart?  No, I forget what it is.
  Who is heart to heart?  My daughter is in love with Mickey.
  But no, but he, yeah, this is like a party trick my dad pulls out is saying,  no, let me get this straight.
  And I'm and like you can watch, I've watched as the years have gone on,  people lose recognition of now let me get this.
  Heart to heart was Robert Wagner, but this is later.
  60 shows.
  Yeah, it was like to catch a thief or something.
  Okay.
  But my dad's real confident about now let me get this straight being like the hook of  Robert Wagner.
  And I love that as I'm not sure I've ever seen this performed by him in reality.
  I don't know where it comes from, but he still does it all the time.
  I do like it.
  Sure.
  Now let me get this straight.
  This is very smart on their part.
  I mean, I don't know about the construction progress and everything, but like that,  there's still a lot of work clearly need to be done, but the castle's camera ready.
  Yeah.
  Oh, good point.
  Get that one.
  Get that set as opposed to I was just watching early footage of Disneyland where it's,  you know, six months to go and it's like scaffolding.
  Oh, it's crazy.
  The Disney stuff is so crazy.
  Apparently got it.
  I don't know how they got it done.
  Paths that lead nowhere.
  You could just walk into the park.
  Various places.
  People counterfeited the tickets.
  I heard that was fake.
  Really?  I heard that's been overblown.
  Although I don't know where I heard that.
  That could be fake.
  So what do I know?  But that is the story.
  It seems like chaos that opening.
  Speaking of paths that lead nowhere, like when I was there a couple years ago,  the Arabian nights, like kind of Arabian inspired adventure land.
  Pretty like bare.
  There's all these weird Disney Paris has all these like mazes and little like paths  and gardens that there's like no one is in Wonderland maze of some kind.
  Yeah.
  And they're all cool.
  It's all neat.
  But you do really go.
  But where are the rides though?  I mean, you hear Tony and other imagineers talk about being inspired by like Tivoli  gardens and public spaces in Europe.
  So I guess that makes sense.
  But yeah, no, that else in Wonderland garden is nice and big thunder is very nice.
  There's a lot.
  I mean, like the construction of this place and that hotel is crazy, even though there's  like shit restaurants in it.
  But I remember watching this and thinking like I like I'll never go there.
  I will never experience.
  I will never experience the grandeur of this.
  And then I went and we were like so upset.
  It was so cold and strange.
  Oh, there's my beloved.
  There it is.
  Oh, and they're loading the buffalo into this to be trapped in a stage show.
  For years, they haven't even finished some of the sidewalks, but they got the buffalo  in get them in their cages.
  They're trapped.
  The government will make us make a set them free if we don't cage them now.
  I fought in the wars.
  This whimsy disgusts me.
  I like the old of hard hats on though.
  Can you imagine.
.
.
  Not confident in the pronunciation.
  Yeah.
  Sabine Marcon.
  I mean, she wasn't.
  I.
.
.
  Can you imagine if there had not been Disney Paris,  if Weissner hadn't had to flex his muscle there,  what we would have still here in the States on all fronts.
  Well, and that's, you could say the same thing about Shanghai,  because Shanghai sucked our budget for a while,  because it was over budget and laid out, here are my guys.
  Yeah.
  There's not been a lot of Darkwing Duck talk.
  Yeah, I was obsessed with, of all the Disney afternoon,  Darkwing Duck was my favorite.
  Probably the superhero element.
  Like, it was essentially Batman.
  Like, it was a parody of Batman.
  But it's also very like, Get Smart.
  Yeah.
  Because he's an idiot.
  Kind of the Shadow influence.
  Yeah, all those are, yeah, for sure influence, but I think I.
.
.
  I don't know that I've ever sat down and watched the whole Herbie the Lovebug movie.
  But as a kid, I knew Herbie.
  Like, I feel like they probably aired it on the Disney Channel a lot,  and I would watch little bits and pieces.
  When was the Herbie.
.
.
  The Lindsay Lohan one?  Well, I know that was after this, but why is Herbie in here?  How many years had it been since a Herbie movie had come out?  I don't.
.
.
  Oh, why? It must have been, because there were a lot of sequels.
  Like, I feel like they would just bring it back every now and then,  or do meet, they were definitely made for TV.
  Oh, baby.
  There's the turtles.
  There are my boys.
  Now, what we're going to get here.
.
.
  .
.
.
is a song from the Disney Channel.
  It's called, like, The  Trolls of the Town.
  If you're not properly synced, I shouldn't rap along, but.
.
.
  You can't help me.
  I like the role.
 Michael Angel almost fell over on that role.
  Dude, I'm talking about.
.
.
  Better watch out.
  Don't.
.
.
  Vout, freak out!  Santa Claus is coming to town!  And there's a.
.
.
  This song is left over from a previous year when Alan Thicke performed it.
  Right.
  Which is maybe the best thing in any Disney Christmas crib.
  That was also The Turtles?  Yes, yes.
  Yeah, they did have The Turtles for a few years.
  There needs to.
.
.
  Maybe.
.
.
  Look, I'm the one to do it, I guess, but there needs to be a big, massive hit,  movie or TV of The Turtles.
  They're going to keep rebooting it every two or three years.
  Yeah, because Nickelodeon owns it now, so they'll just air it on Nickelodeon,  and on their website, and they'll just.
.
.
  Yeah, you're right.
 Reboot it every now and then.
  But I just mean, like, one of these things needs to be a massive hit to convince  whoever has the rights to finally put these guys in a theme park.
  A permanent theme park attraction.
 I don't know who's going to do it.
  Clearly, they're okay with the weird, like, mediocre.
.
.
  They keep existing, kids like them.
  Nothing's broken, sadly.
  Right.
 Nothing has, like, been a runaway hit.
  There's no new character lands as strong as Keno or.
.
.
  Right.
  Keno.
  Who is Keno?  The pizza boy from.
.
.
  The pizza man from Turtles 2.
  Oh, yeah, sorry.
  He's green and he looks fantastic.
  Who are the reptile and the werewolf from 2?  Betty White.
  Right.
  God bless her.
 Oh, Tocan Razor.
  Okay.
  Who should have been Bebop and Rocksteady.
  Yeah.
  That was confusing.
  But Tocan Razor are still good on their own.
  I remember people saying, like, well, you know, I know number one of that Michael Bay  one was not so good, but 2 is going to have Bebop and Rocksteady.
  2 is.
.
.
  Why did anyone think that would be any better?  2 is better.
  Okay.
  Because of that?  Well, it's partly because of that, but I would say that 2 is better because  it doesn't have an hour at the start of it where just Megan Fox goes up to people  and goes, the Ninja Turtles is this.
  And everybody goes, what are you talking about?  No, they don't.
  You're crazy.
  And it's like, she's the star of the movie.
  And it's like, well, the Ninja Turtles are the star of the movie.
  What are we doing here?  And at the very least, 2 is like from the get-go.
  It's like it's the Turtles movie.
  I would argue that they're like pretty well cast and kind of fun, the Turtles themselves.
  Okay.
  I do think the movie is better.
  But Corey Feldman is no longer one of them.
  I wish Corey Feldman was still.
  Yeah, they're keeping him in the fold.
  Am I the only one who thinks Fallen Kingdom is better than Jurassic World?  I haven't seen it yet.
  That's kind of a.
.
.
  Jurassic Park or Jurassic World?  Jurassic World.
  Okay.
  No, nothing's better than the first Jurassic Park.
  I thought you said Jurassic Park and I was like, oh, no.
  That was the exact tone of when you said, did you tell Mazani to go to Disneyland and not Disney Sea?  Didn't I text you about that?  Or no?  No, you said it in person and it was.
.
.
  I was so confused.
  Like it was accusatory.
  Oh, I guess, because I honestly, I thought you was a mistake.
  I was just so confused by it.
  You knew you smelled a rat in there.
  Yeah.
  Because something was mis-deserved.
  Because it wouldn't make any sense.
  On screen now, we are seeing the portmanteau, the combination of the Mardi Gras people and mutant horses.
  Now they're on stilts.
  So we've mushed together two earlier things we've seen so far into one monster.
  What is crazy is how many people on stilts in this parade.
  Because stilts, I think you have to get a different skill set, obviously, than just lazily twirling these streamers or whatever.
  So that seems like I've never seen a parade with something still walker.
  Did you guys do ribbon dancing in gym class as kids?  Like this?  What?  No.
  We did square dance.
  Did you do square dancing?  In elementary school, we had a little square dancing.
  A little square dancing.
  We also did a little ribbon dancing.
  But are you telling me you all ribbon danced?  Yeah, it wasn't often.
  Oh my God.
  Do you remember this too?  Ribbon dancing and floor hockey happened only once or twice.
  We played floor hockey.
  And I was always like, let's go back to those were more fun.
  How old, what age were you when you were ribbon dancing?  Like elementary school.
  Okay.
  Elementary school gym, they always figured out, they always had the fun, odd stuff.
   I remember this Mickey very well.
  King Mickey.
  King Mickey lording over his kingdom.
  Will you be the first to merge tap and ribbon?  Will finally there be a portmanteau as you say.
  Oh, you tapping and ribbon dancing, please.
  That'd be a way to have an angle out of the gate.
  The Patreon will be Doughboy's Patreon if you do that.
  And we set the goal for people can come see you tap and ribbon dance.
  Please just agree to it.
  You know, I just want to beat those Doughboys.
  Yeah, we have to beat them.
  Is that right?  He's less prepared for this than we are.
 Yeah, he's on the air.
  Oh, now you saw a blimp up there.
 So I think this is a blimp shot, not an helicopter.
  But I guess blimps are no steadier, which doesn't seem right to me.
 Don't you have more of a surface there?  Yeah, I also think that the part of it was they were so zoomed in,  the slightest movement was making it shake.
 That's a good point, yes.
  I think anytime they cut to blimp so much in these sorts of things, or football games as a kid,  even now if I see a blimp, I'm like, oh, must be an event going on.
 There's a blimp about.
  There were a lot of minion blimps going around for a little while.
 Oh, I love this.
 Oh, yeah.
  Wow, where's that balloon today?  Can I buy it? The park hasn't been the same since the balloon.
  Oh, man.
 Everyone's favorite prehistoric family's coming up.
  Turtles and dinosaurs all dancing.
 Everyone loves to dance.
  Ike was just like a pig and shit when we were down there at MGM Studios,  old movies, dinosaurs, turtles.
 Yeah.
 Muppets.
 Muppets.
 Yeah.
  All the kids' favorite properties.
 Muppets, turtles, footlight parade.
  Footlight parade.
  Yeah, that's, I think, the issue.
 I think it was like the greatest park  for a couple year period.
 It could not have been better.
  Honey, I strength the kids too.
 Like they were in a lot of big Roger Rabbit presents.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Oh, boy.
 And wow, the land where sea would go.
  Mm hmm.
 Looks like that.
 No.
  No, man.
 This is too much of a spoiler.
  That looks the same.
 There's a roof on Main Street.
  I did not see that.
 I didn't want to know that.
  Well.
  Oh, soon a month's away.
  Yeah, how many? What's the countdown?  It's two, I'm in there.
  Four months.
  Well, I guess the second week of April is when I'm in Disney.
  Three and a half.
  Yep.
  I loved We Need a Little Christmas as a Kid.
  So here in the Japanese, it's such a delight.
  They play this in that Muppet special, the Muppets with the Sesame Street characters,  which is like the greatest special of all time.
  Yes, indeed.
  And I got that on tape with the commercials.
  I have that on tape somewhere.
  I think I like that more than a lot of films.
  That's like one of my top 10 films of all time is a Muppet Family Christmas.
  That delivers in a weird, like that delivers.
  Well, like now all these goddamn greatest crossover events of all time  that are murky and awful, like the, the that, like, what would it be like  if Big Bird met the sweetest chef?  And it's great and really fun and funny in these moments you remember.
  Yeah, every character is always meeting the thing that we always wanted.
  And it's never fun.
  Yeah, it doesn't fulfill the promise.
  Were you guys Emmett Otter fans as a kid?  Emmett Otter's joke? No, I did not.
  I know it.
  You either watched it to death or you never saw it.
  It's OK.
 I never really saw it.
  I think I have it.
  Here they are.
  Family of the day.
  You know, like they had a leg up on winning that family for the day.
  Are these you're always a family.
  Those aren't the out.
  Could those be the actual outfits or do they look cheaper?  I know they're cheaper.
  They had them in the park.
  My Facebook photo for a little while was the park.
  Earl, who kind of has no park, no like mouth functionality.
  OK, yeah.
  And is the just the default of park.
  Earl is very frightening.
  That has to be.
  Why hasn't that come back yet?  Dinosaurs.
  I feel like I remember it and realize it was bad.
  It was bad, but that doesn't that shouldn't stop it.
  That's a good point.
 Yes.
  Why would that stop spinning?  I'm the baby, got to love me was fun.
  Yes, that was good.
 It's funny because that was like as big as Bart at the time  and now is gone.
 Also had like a novelty song I want to say.
 Yeah, yeah, I'm the  baby guy.
 Gotta love me.
 Great big eyes and I'm really cuddly.
 Something like that, yeah.
 Another character you related.
  I love the baby.
 I'd say, I probably said not the mom.
 Like I think my parents had to be like, you gotta knock it off.
  Really? Some new little shit.
  Yeah, like the equal of Simpsons.
 You know what I like is that the Simpsons like distem.
  There's that one episode where, yeah, they kind of jab them.
 Which I like, I want that kind of stuff today.
  That's like how I want Kanye Taylor Swift moments at all award shows.
 Yeah.
 And shaky helicopter shots in all parades.
  I want problems, issues, conflicts.
 The late night hosts should be sniping at each other.
  Yeah, because the greatest thing that ever happened is when they all were.
 When the Conan Leno debacle.
  Every single show was so funny every night.
 Even Leno, because Kimmel came on it.
  We have bigger problems right now, gentlemen.
 And his name is Forty-Five.
 You see, I won't say his name.
  I just call him him.
 The orange one.
  You know, the late night hosts are kind of the generals in the resistance.
  Yeah, Baldwin's fighting the fight one punch at a time.
  We're gonna win the war.
  Our Harry Leslie Smith, the late war hero who passed away at 95, is Pete Davidson.
  He's the brightest point of light.
  These toy soldiers, there's so many of them.
  I wasn't gonna vote and then Pete told me to vote.
  And then I did.
 I was literally, I made big plans that day at a trip booked to Cabo,  and then Pete Davidson told me to vote, and then I voted.
  I voted for all Republicans, but I vote.
  Yeah, but that's important that you voted though.
  Yeah, they didn't say what to vote for.
  Sickly blue-haired man, sickly.
  They just say to vote.
  This is the through the years.
  I can't remember.
  Well, I'm not supposed to sing it.
  Yeah.
  If Mike Newell gets in trouble for posting this.
  But here it is though.
  Wait, what?  Maybe the rights were restored to Mike Newell.
  He wrote a letter to Kenny Rogers.
  Or he put that in the text to trick him.
  Oh yeah, good point.
  What are the levels of legality?  Is Mike gonna have a problem with us or is Disney?  No, because we're just talking over this.
  And you can't.
  It's up to the lousy listener to marry this to the video.
  Right.
  If they wanna inflict copyright issues in their own home, that's not up to us.
  We didn't tell them to do that.
  Yeah.
  Bring back Life magazine, I say.
  Your favorite publication is a five-year-old.
  Actually, you should sync this, what we're doing, up to the Wizard of Oz.
  Yeah, that would be a fucking trip, man.
  The gun.
  The gunshot.
  People reacting, horrified at a gunshot is a little more innocent.
  Contemporary shot.
  Oh, Goofy's bashful.
  There's bashful for real.
  Oh, it's Roy Orbison.
  This made me feel like a reflective 70 year old at six.
  It's such effective propaganda.
  Yeah, look what we're doing.
  Look what we do all the time.
  Bicentennial Mickey Goofy and Donald.
  We're all nostalgic for the bicentennial.
  The shit like this.
  Main Street Electrical Parade, zero doll people.
  The big problem with it.
  Oh, ew.
  Ew, what?  What is this big belly?  He's shaking his fluff like the Caballero is.
  Yeah, weird.
  With you, through the years.
  Who's that?  Yeah, who is that?  Oh, it's the construction guy, yeah.
  You kissed my tears away.
  You ever think about it in that,  I don't want to miss a thing, how the line is,  and then I kiss your eyes.
  Oh yeah, and thank God.
  Kiss your eyes.
  That is weird.
  Definitely.
  Keep them open.
  Family memories.
  I like that.
  Nikki's got the high waist going there.
  High waisted pants.
  Has anyone ever kissed tears? Like you drink someone's tears essentially?  Kenny Rogers is.
 Was that not relatable to everyone else?  You never drank the tears of your wife or girlfriend?  I have.
  I'll drink your tears away.
  Cry into a cup.
  Ugh.
  Yeah, that's a little weird.
  That was the culmination.
  Massive hand grabbing.
  You'll never let it go.
  That's a metaphor for their nice grip on our brains.
  Of course, the grand finale.
 Always Santa.
 The one person who outweighs Mickey Mouse.
  It is weird though because I do feel like Santa should start the parade.
  Even now we were just down there and Santa ended the parade and I feel like it is kind of a down.
  I know you only see him once a year but I'd rather see Darkwing Duck at the end of the parade in a Santa outfit than Santa himself.
  Or one of their Mickey in a Santa outfit.
  Sure, Mickey in a Santa outfit I think is a much bigger thrill for me.
  The surprise that it's Mickey as Santa.
  A lot more regis in the booth.
 A lot less regis like screaming at people like on the street.
  Well you know, he was not the primary host.
 He was the man on the street for a while.
  Then they upped him to the booth.
  I forget who was in here with maybe I think Willard Scott sometimes.
  Oh yeah.
  There's a summer one with Mark Summers.
  Who I don't know why they didn't bring back more.
  I'm a noted Mark Summers fan.
  Great host.
  He thinks that his OCD stopped him from getting hired.
  He's got rumors being difficult when it never came up.
 He was on a sloppy show all the time.
  I never miss a Disney parade with a regis in that man's shirt.
  It was hard to make a t-shirt back then.
 They didn't have t-public back then.
  And back the regis walk around character.
  Can we sell a shirt of that guy's shirt?  Taken off a TV.
  I never.
  We should get regis on the show.
  Yeah.
  We really haven't talked about that but we should get regis.
  Is he in New York still? I think he lives in New York.
  At least Connecticut maybe.
  He loves to do shit though.
  I'm sure he could get regis.
  We're all just imagining talking to Reed just now.
  We're all distracted.
  I wonder how he smells.
  Like cinnamon.
  That's a great story, I love saying it.
  Barbara Bush is back.
  If George HW Bush was playing Santa that would be really good too.
  If he looks at the camera goes, don't ask.
  How'd this happen? You don't want to know.
  The character is behind that house.
  Does Wendy have a jacket on?  It's Wendie in a robe.
  I guess it's a robe.
  Yeah, she wears a robe.
  Yeah, it's just weird.
  I don't know why she's wearing it.
  Is that a canonical robe to you?  I think so.
  Is it?  I don't think that king's robe is.
.
.
  That's a little different color,  but I think he does wear that.
  I remember, was that Prince John?  What's his name?  They're all John to me.
  I can't remember their names.
  Are there any weird girls out there  who didn't have the young crush on Robin Hood,  but who had a crush on him sucking his thumb?  What's wrong with me?  My friends were talking about Robin Hood, but I am weird.
  The Pooh bear of this era  always looks like he has a five o'clock nose shadow to me.
  It looks bizarre like he's been drinking or something.
  Something's wrong with his snout.
  It's a dark-  It's like Homer's face.
  Yeah, exactly.
  That weird shade that is meant to be a beard shadow.
  But I don't know why,  I don't think of Pooh having a different color snout.
  But in this era, he had a dark snout.
  This is a big crossover between Homer and Pooh.
  Oh, multiple, multiple snowmen.
  All doing the shrink trick.
  They have weird shade and they're all in a similar color.
  Uh-huh, that's true.
  And I think Homer's duff looks as delicious as Pooh's honey.
  I think that's right.
  And real beer and honey are not as good  as what those cartoon characters drink, and I know it.
  I feel gypped.
  In 1917.
  I always think of the gingerbread as children's toys.
  Since I was a baby.
  My first words were that.
  Normal human anecdote.
  These are more holiday characters.
  They're like the tilting trees, the snowmen, and here's the reindeer.
  There's like 50 people in between Mrs.
 Claus and Mr.
 Claus.
  And then he's like a letdown because he's not as cool as the trees.
  Yeah, no, he's just sitting in a stupid sleigh.
  Windy in a robe.
  Or that guy checking his audio pack.
  Those tongues are unnerving.
  Are we out in half an hour?  Okay.
  I need another D88.
  Can I get a runner?  Can I get a runner for a D88?  Who's got phones on?  The reindeer, I have one of the Park Star reindeer.
  Yeah.
  Like these.
  There's Park Stars of this?  I believe so, yeah.
  You gotta get these Park Stars.
  What am I doing?  There's some real-lifey, the Wally Vogue.
  Oh!  There's a balloon of him!  Yeah, I don't remember that.
  You can get a full box of a couple of the later series for very discounted,  and get them all and don't have to like worry about the blind box.
  Very, you really should do it.
  You should do it right now.
  What am I doing?  I just want to rest!  Yeah, I know you have a big night, but report to Disney World for the parade, 7am.
  Our Disney, or the Disney Corporation is never working with you again.
  Yeah, they wouldn't give him a license for Disney twice if he didn't do this.
  You will be on our June on Celllist.
  The sleigh is really rocking and it's making me nervous.
  Yeah, the one they have now in Disneyland is not looking like it's flying as much as just sitting on top of  something.
  And alternate takes of the footage, this footage.
  Oh my God, why would you keep going back to it?  It's so shaky.
  We paid for that fucking blimp.
  We're using it.
  That might be it's a sponsor issue.
  I love being here with you.
  TAB!  TAB, now with even more saccharin.
  You guys like Fresca?  You're asking that legit?  Yeah.
  I don't think I've had a Fresca.
  It's pretty good.
  What is it like?  It's like a grapefruit kind of soda.
  Or was it like, what's it called, that other one?  I can't think of the other grapefruit soda.
  Who gives a shit?  When songs start in a concert, everyone starts applauding.
  When people are cut to everybody sells in a parade, everybody screams, yay.
  Mickey's got a good outfit on there.
  Why isn't he putting them?  Why is he off to the side?  Okay, this would have had to have been pre-tates because there's no way they would have had to like, all right, let's stop the float.
  Now everyone get in front of the float and we got 30 seconds.
  Not live.
  And in one of the takes, Santa's sleigh snapped off and fell on Regis.
  And he had to recoup and learn how to walk again for, took eight weeks.
  And then they, it's a good thing they filmed it all in August.
  Casimil spent so much money on promotion.
  Tylenol and Casimil Sinclair.
  Tylenol probably, wasn't Tylenol coming out of a scandal?  Like, didn't they have like a bad batch or something in the 80s?  Because people, some guy poisoned several bottles of Tylenol, I believe.
  Okay.
  So it was like, people died from him poisoning bottles.
  Tylenol, it's not poison anymore.
  That was the campaign.
  Oh, God, I forgot all these hotels were built by 91.
  Praise be Michael Eisner.
  And thus they all look like 91 still.
  All right.
  And then a lot of Comic Sans, or no, that's kind of like full house font a little.
  It's not Comic Sans.
  And then next to the room font.
  Comic Sans hadn't been invented yet.
  Chico Fernandez.
  Let's read the credits in a funny way, like the British Who's Line is it anyway?  Oh, yeah.
  Do look up credits in the style of my choosing.
  If you haven't seen it, the Kissimmee Sinclair arrow commercial, it's like a target with arrows being shot at it.
  And it's like in the center of everything.
  And it lists all the parks and attractions and stuff.
  Swoop.
  There's Sea World.
  Swoop.
  There's Disney World.
  There's the world's largest McDonald's.
  There's a TGF Fridays where somebody got stabbed on iDrive.
  Somebody just posted on Facebook group an article about the McDonald's and what it looks like now.
  And it serves pizza in Orlando.
  Well, it did when I was there.
  So it's one of the attractions.
  So it's still.
  You got like waffles and pizza and there's like full dessert bar.
  So burritos, I believe.
  There's a Spider-Verse commercial.
  I'm very excited about Spider-Verse.
  At this point, everyone's entered the Spider-Verse.
  I'm very excited to enter the Spider-Verse.
  Or maybe doing so as a Christmas activity with their parents.
  But if you're not all entertained out by this commentary, then, you know, head to the theater and support your local Spider-Man.
  Re-regional Spider-Man.
  Well, that was something.
  And now, now that's the last podcast, the ride content of 2018.
  But in 2019, there will be presumably, you know, 97 episodes.
  I can only assume the rate we're going.
  That seems right.
  Yeah, probably.
  If there's a parade that you would like to see us comment on, please let us know.
  I'm not a beloved crisp, except for that goddamned Jerry Van Dyke one that's out.
  Yeah, don't do that.
  It's not canon.
  If there's no Regis, then I'm not interested.
  And maybe we'll get Regis to do one of these with us.
  Oh, man.
  The promise for 2019.
  That would be something.
  Regis Philbin's debut.
  We only need you for two hours.
  Sure.
  What's he doing?  Yeah, that's true.
  He misses the K.
 Mrs.
 The Sparkle, baby.
  I got a podcast.
  He was ousted from that show.
  They kicked him off of live with Regis and Kelly.
  He's the only television host who was popular before 1995 who hasn't been me too.
  So we need him now.
  Now more than ever.
  We need it now.
  85 year old Regis Philbin.
  I mean, if I can give a David, who gives a shit about a David Gregory podcast?  Jesus, who cares?  I want a Regis.
  More stern political way.
  Which one's David Gregory?  The NBC?  He's so stern, but I guess he's a little dry.
  Yeah, that's more what I was.
  Yeah, it was just very dry and didn't really have a personality.
  You would rather have a Chuck Todd?  Huh?  No, I don't want any of the or the Katie Kirk.
  I don't want any of those, but I want Regis yelling at me.
  Sure.
  Why hasn't Regis done a podcast?  Yeah, of anybody.
  What's going on, Regis?  And he's the guy whose friends, all these celebrities, I'll do the podcast where they  interview their friends.
  I know I've heard Seinfeld talk about Seinfeld.
  I don't need to hear this again.
  Yeah, I want to hear from Regis's buddies.
  Except a lot of them are probably the issue potentially.
  But get Joey Bishop's son on there.
  Sure.
  Who might be dead as well?  Or hates Joey Bishop and doesn't want to talk about her.
  I don't think the Lewis kids are not so into Jerry.
  Oh, yeah.
  I think he cut some of them out of his will.
  I believe that was the story after Jerry died is that he cut some of the kids out of the  will.
  Like God.
  But he like took the time to write a lot of false pages in which he details all these  grand items they'll be getting.
  And then they just turned to page 12 and like, just kidding.
  It was a joke.
  I'm a jokester.
  Oh, my God.
  Turn the page to find out what you really get.
  And then a big zero.
  He was an unpleasant man by all accounts.
  Seemingly.
  That doesn't seem like slander.
  No, please.
  I was not like accusing someone of something bad.
  No, and he's on record being unpleasant.
  Yeah.
  All the time.
  You can go watch plenty of video of him being unpleasant right now.
  And also, if you slander at the end of a commentary within a Patreon paywall.
  What are the chances?  Listening to this.
  There's no such thing as slander on Christmas.
  Peace on Earth.
  Goodwill to.
  The lander.
  Those are loose and.
  Well, that's on that note on this 2018.
  Happy 2019 to you all.
  Merry Christmas, guys.
  I love being here with you.
  Blow me a kiss like Cinderella.
  Jason Jason doing the kissing is so unnerving to watch him.
  Scott has a good view of it.
  Oh, do it toward Scott.
  No, no, thanks.
  You go like me.
  Like he puts his lips really tiny and it's really unnerving.
  But I don't love it.
  But the tap dance.
  This is the promise for 2019.
  Regis and tap and tap.
  So let's tap our way into 2019.
  And can we do real quick?  I know we're ending, but can we just sub in the Tom Jerry is the mouse.
  You and Jerry from Tom and Jerry tap dancing like he did with Gene Kelly in  an anchors away anchors away.
  You like trading off taps with a cartoon mouse.
  I mean, maybe the greatest piece of entertainment of all time.
  All right.
  We'll promise that to some.
  We'll wrote we're rotoscoping out.
  And Kelly, we have to do our own.
  It's movie.
  Can I do the vacuum cleaner?  Can I take the place of the vacuum cleaner?  I like that, but I like you and the mouse.
  Or Kelly stays and Jason is just shrunk digitally to the size of Jerry.
  OK, maybe that's the way to go about it.
  One foot tall, Jason.
  Maybe that's the way to do it.
  Was that Fred Astaire, though?  Yeah, it's not a Fred Astaire kid.
  I was a Gene Kelly kid.
  Well, Gene was cooler than Fred.
  Who are you guys?  Who are your childhood guys?  Gene Kelly, the time to make the doughnuts guy and the Michelin man.
  My God, what a childhood.
  What? You so lucky.
  All right.
  All right.
  Well, the fuck is the first comment?  I was right.
 Second gate.
 First commentary.
  Yeah.
 More to come.
  Have a merry Christmas.
  Thank you for all your support.
