 Five, four, three, two, one.
  podcast the ride where we have just sprung a surprise  that just came into existence right now.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  I'm joined by Jason Sheridan who is freaking out I think.
  No, it's okay.
  I'll harness the thousands of dollars I've spent  on improv trading to roll with these punches.
  I've been surprised with you a lot  and you are very good at it.
  So thank you so much.
  Scott Garner also here.
  Scott Garner is here, but this is hardly about me.
  I think we should explain why the bum rush  and what's occurring.
  I think we casually talked about doing an episode  about what happened with Jason on Thanksgiving,  how he spent his Thanksgiving vacation  and you just gave us the slightest clue  to let us know we had to not overthink it  and just start doing it right now.
  Yeah, we had a different episode planned  and truly like three minutes once you gave us a hint  of how the trip went, we threw the plans out the window.
  I said, we have to do this now.
  Which I'm not exactly thrilled about  because I spent a lot of time getting ready  for that other episode, but we'll do it at some point.
  We're doing it.
  We're not gonna not do that episode,  but the energy felt like it's here.
  This is where the energy is in the room right now.
  This does feel why, we have not done this before.
  We've never turned on a dime like this.
  The second topic switch out, yeah.
  This is pretty exciting, but why are we so excited?  What happened over Thanksgiving break?  How did you spend your Thanksgiving break, Jason?  Well, I took a little trip, fellas.
  I spent two nights on the historic cruise liner,  the Queen Mary.
  The Queen Mary in Long Beach.
  If you don't know the area, it's come up before  because it was going to be the centerpiece  of the Port Disney plan, like essentially  the West Coast Disney Sea in the 90s  that we talked about a little in the parking garage episode.
  So yes, the big, beautiful boat in Long Beach,  which was briefly owned by Disney.
  Not Disney's big red boat.
  Oh, true.
  That was, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Before they had their own cruise ships,  you'd see ads in the 90s for the big red boat.
  But no, it's like, it's in the Long Beach Harbor,  which is otherwise like a little odd and industrial  and just like crates and stuff come in.
  Yeah, it's interesting to me.
  I had never spent a ton of time in Long Beach.
  I'll tell you my memory of being in Long Beach before,  and that was PA-ing at a hairstylist convention.
  On a season of Tabitha's salon takeover.
  Of what, excuse me?  That was a Bravo show.
  It was a spin-off of a different hair cutting program  mid-20, 20-ots, however you say it, around 2008 or so.
  And this was, this was, this had been, I guess,  after the writer's strike.
  But the rise of reality TV.
  No shittier TV than after the writer's strike.
  Yeah, and just networks literally needed content  to fill advertising.
  Just anything, people waving their arms around.
  Anything counts as a show.
  Yeah, that was my first year living in LA.
  Was working on like, my dad is better than your dad,  legally blonde, colon the musical,  colon the search for Ellie Woods.
  That's where.
  Oh, I can remember that.
  A reality show about making the musical?  Trying to find a new lead for the Broadway musical.
  Elle Woods, sorry, Ellie Woods is the.
  Ours and we're all friends.
  The comedian who I want to sketch tea with.
  Yeah, so that was a bit of a dispiriting year.
  For a steward in LA.
  For the world.
  I mean, I certainly worked, but like content wise,  it was a little like.
  Is that the year you drove  the American Gladiator to the doctor?  That would have been when, yes,  cause the same company was making American Gladiators.
  And this I was working for a company called Revly,  which was bought by an international company called Shine,  which was bought by another company.
  It's crazy.
  It's part of Endemol.
  Yeah, it is part of it.
  I work in the building now with Endemol Shine.
  These bizarre, Navy stiff.
  What are these words?  Yeah.
  Huh.
  What'd you do on the hair cutting show?  So I was a casting PA and then like after it wrapped,  they started doing a second season or another season,  and they were like, oh, can you come down for a day  and work this?  Cause they were casting at that convention.
  So I was just there kind of, you know,  doing runs around the building.
  At the Long Beach Convention Center.
  At the Long Beach Convention Center.
  There was a large hair care and like beauty expo  sort of thing.
  So that was my main exposure to Long Beach.
  Besides one other time when I had to drive  to a different hair salon to get someone to sign  a 30 page release for.
  So it's entirely been work and hair related.
  Work and hair related.
  You haven't had just a relax and chill  just for Jason time in Long Beach.
  No, and I had no real plans for Thanksgiving.
  I mean, like Thanksgiving, fine.
  My family never really went.
  We, I feel like we did stuff when my grandparents  were alive, but now usually my part of my family  just does it at home, just a few of them.
  And so out here, I've never really flown back  for Thanksgiving.
  So I've always just either with friends  or with people I was seeing or.
  Which speaking of.
  The Carlson family.
  You guys had a Thanksgiving together in the recent past.
  Two years ago.
  Two years ago.
  In which, what occurred?  Well, we went to the Disneyland Hotel  and had Thanksgiving, like a Thanksgiving,  all you can eat buffet in like the main ballroom  of the Disneyland Hotel.
  It was incredible.
  There was, we kept getting, we got our pictures  with the country bears.
  Oh yeah.
  And like Clarabelle and Horace Horsecaller.
  And there was a band.
  Live band.
  They brought out like not rarely used characters.
  At the time.
  Or is it because they're like homey and country  and Thanksgiving feeling.
  I at first was like, oh wow, they know we're nerds  so they're bringing them out.
  But apparently they're on like the kid,  like Mickey show now.
  Oh, so kids do know.
  Oh really?  Yeah, cause I at first thought they were catering to us  but they were not.
  They were just like, I think kids know them now.
  They know Horace Horsecaller.
  Which is true cause do we?  I have no memories associated with Horace Horsecaller.
  No, I know, I like knowing the name  and I like saying the name, but I don't have any like.
  And it would not surprise me at all  if then we turn to Jason and he's like,  I love Horace Horsecaller for some reason.
  You never knew Horace Horsecaller?  I mean, the main one of those I know is Claribel  because she used to have the ice cream parlor  in California Adventure, right?  Oh yeah.
  Or no, she currently does.
  It used to be Burbank Ice Cream.
  Oh, but you miss Burbank Ice Cream probably.
  Well, it was in an old train car.
  It wasn't a beautiful old like chrome train car.
  Yeah, you know what?  That was a good thing about original California Adventure.
  And I think that train went somewhere.
  I think it was donated to like a kids museum or something.
  Oh, that's nice.
  Somewhere else in California.
  And so were the letters.
  Did you know that?  The big California letters are like at some museum  or they're part of like a metro station or something.
  I did know that.
  I forget where, but if you wanna go visit  the old California letters.
  California is a huge state with a lot of museums,  a lot of transportation specific museums too.
  So like, yeah, Disney has definitely donated stuff  to those in the past.
  Yeah, that's nice.
  So you guys had a delightful Thanksgiving.
  I loved it.
  I tried to get everybody to go back each year,  but everyone's like, we got family,  you know, it can't get like 30 people.
  Oh, I would have gone back.
  No, I know not you.
  Talking about like Lindsay and her mom.
  Yeah, it was a bit pricey.
  She has the gall to need to visit her family.
  Yeah, like I know you and I would go there  for every holiday.
  We would eat a buffet for every holiday if we could.
  Never see our family.
  Yeah.
  Mel Brooks and Carl Reiner eating their stew together  every night.
  You and I eating stew in the Disneyland Hotel ballroom  every night.
  They call it Walt's stew and that lets them charge  $5 more even though Walt never had the stew.
  Hated stew.
  Didn't care about, hate specifically hated stew.
  But you did have, this gets even smaller in scope  because you did have a solo Thanksgiving  in kind of a themes attraction.
  Area, minus even your family, meaning Mike.
  His father, you know his father.
  West Coast dad.
  Yeah, so I had also been like,  oh, I had been meaning to like take a little trip  out of town.
  I had not done it in like a while, maybe like two years  or so, like a little weekend trip by myself.
  Something that's not like visiting family.
  Yeah, besides visiting family.
  But that can feel like it's, not obligatory,  but like, you know, it's, it could be a little more  functional, a little more, like just a pure pleasure  vacation.
  Yeah, stuff to do.
  If it's Christmas, you know, we do all the holiday stuff.
  If it's the summer, we go down to the Jersey shore.
  So there's lots, lots of stuff to do down there.
  But no, I do like traveling alone quite a bit  since it's following my own whims.
  And I certainly did that.
  What was the main whim, would you say?  Like, what were you, was there something you were  imagining this trip being?  No, just like, just, just a, you know what it was?  I feel like, cause I spent, we spent so much time  going to parks, going to theme parks.
  Are you saying you're hitting a wall?  I'm not, no.
  How dare you, you son of a bitch.
  I'm not saying that.
  He would never say that.
  I'm saying I really, and my family, like that would  affect other trips we would go, we would pack the days full.
  So I have not done a lot of vacations where you purposely  don't do a lot.
  Like you purposely just sit at a pool or just go around.
  Mike, have you ever done a vacation  where you didn't do a lot?  That's a good question.
  Maybe like a day trip like that, but not really.
  Well, no, I take that back.
  When I went to Vegas with my buddies,  the old buddies from high school, you know,  those old guys, the old gang, we didn't do a ton.
  We mostly sat by the pool.
  I like that.
  I like sitting by the pool for six hours.
  I don't need to do that.
  That fits in the Margaritaville lifestyle.
  Yeah, I can switch when we went.
  There was a bachelor party a few years ago,  which I think I've talked briefly about on the show,  but maybe not fully because there's a great Jason story  in there.
  But yeah, we hung out by the pool for like most of the day.
  So I don't need to, I wasn't like seeing every Vegas show.
  Sure, right.
  Anyway.
  Yeah, so I mean, the trip in general was a friend,  Steve Slaga, who is a Universal Tour guide,  posted a picture that he had gone down there.
  And I was like, oh yeah, you can just stay  on this giant old ship.
  You can just book a room.
  And I was like, wow, these rooms are very like inexpensive.
  Like the architecture has been restored,  the beautiful art deco design all over the place.
  The rooms are very charming.
  They preserved a lot of the original features and stuff,  even though there's an old heater in the corner.
  Okay.
  And like the old vents and stuff.
  Most of them turned off or an updated one next to it.
  And so I was like, oh, this is very inexpensive.
  And then I was like, wait a minute.
  Is it available on the Chase points site?  Yeah.
  Hell yeah.
  And sure enough it was.
  And it was even cheaper using points.
  Yes, hell yeah.
  Mike's dream episode has unfolded.
  I met a couple of listeners at the Staples Center  while I was seeing wrestling and he wanted to talk  to me about points and I was so happy.
  Anyway, continue.
  Yeah, so I booked two nights with the points,  splurged for the room with portholes  because I thought the room.
  Hell yeah.
  I thought the interior room.
  The interior room I thought might get a little.
  Points and portholes.
  That's the subtitle of the episode.
  That's your new podcast with Jim Hill.
  Points and portholes.
  I thought it might get a little claustrophobic  in an interior room.
  And I didn't find the point.
  I liked the portholes.
  The portholes were neat.
  It's just cool too.
  Cause I've only ever been on one cruise in my life.
  Have you guys done cruise?  I've never been on cruise.
  Really?  I don't think I'd like to really.
  My family, I think this summer before  we joined the vacation club and then we just ended up  going to Disney a lot in the summers.
  We took a cruise from, would have left New York  for Bermuda.
  Beautiful tropical island in the middle  of the Atlantic Ocean.
  That's a long ways out there.
  Yeah.
  It was as, God, seven days.
  I think seven days with the round trip and everything.
  And I think it stopped at a couple ports in Bermuda.
  And that was kind of neat.
  I would have been like 10 or 11.
  I was seasick for the first couple of days.
  And then I got my sea legs  and I enjoyed it.
  Besides that.
  I had not taken a cruise otherwise.
  But nor are you at this.
  Cause if you don't know the Queen Mary,  it is just docked and has been.
  It's docked.
  But it is not attached to the ground.
  It is still floating.
  Oh, so it kind of teeters.
  I didn't really notice much teeter.
  I think that the weather was worse.
  You would have noticed some teeter.
  Did you have to take seasick medication then?  I did not.
  Thankfully.
  Alternating dramamine and cocktails.
  Pop a pill, take a sip.
  Well, I did a version.
  We'll get to that.
  Ooh.
 Wow.
  So the one, the big thing about it though,  was that the signs everywhere saying,  when the ship used to run, the engines were very loud.
  So please be courteous in your cabin  because essentially the walls are paper thin.
  Oh.
 Uh-oh.
  So that did not come into play until the second day.
  But so I checked in.
  A lot of good teases here.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I checked in.
  I took the subway down.
  It cost me all 350 to get to and back.
  All the way from the valley.
  From the valley.
  Wow.
  Cause you can get the red line and then downtown,  you just transfer to the blue line.
  How much time are we talking there?  I think it was about an hour, 20 minutes, maybe hour 30.
  Not bad.
 Not bad.
  You're not driving.
  There's some tricky freeways to get down there.
  Your hands are free to read a book or what have you.
  That's great.
  Sure.
  Also, I will, gotta put them on blast for this.
  Parking with Queen Mary, $22 a night.
  Oh, geez.
  Yeah, a lot.
  So you avoid that.
  Yeah, you avoid that.
  Yeah, the train ride down, a lot of people was very pleasant.
  A lot of people traveling.
  I left on Thanksgiving morning.
  So a lot of people heading out for Thanksgiving stuff.
  And then when you get down there right in downtown,  there's a free bus that hits the tourist spots  in Long Beach.
  The aquarium, the Queen Mary, the outlets,  and the Seaport Village.
  Yeah, I'm a big Seaport Village fan.
  And the Pike.
  I mean, the Pike's pretty, I guess, silly and cruddy,  but every chain restaurant is down there.
  That is, yes.
  Long Beach is the amount of chilies  that there are in Long Beach.
  Cause now I've gone to Long Beach like three times  for New Japan Pro Wrestling and we always eat at chilies.
  Are there multiple chilies or do you eat at the one  by the outlets?  I've eaten at least two different chilies,  three different times, if not three different chilies.
  I consider that.
  Very lucky city.
  That must be why Snoop Dogg is so proud.
  Yeah.
  I assume in one of those songs,  he has a line about multiple chilies.
  Multiple chilies, yeah.
  The number one thing.
  That's a song name, I think.
  Yeah, yeah, on every album.
  That's multiple chilies part eight.
  Produced by the Neptunes.
  I considered going to chilies,  but usually when I'm back East for the holidays,  one night end up at chilies with my family.
  I was like, I will hold off on chilies for now.
  You gotta branch out, you gotta try Bubba Gums  or something else.
  Sure.
  You gotta get like a burger at the Improv Club down there.
  Yeah, there is an improv down there.
  Oh yeah, it's weird.
  It's weird.
  All of the mall improvs outside of LA,  that there's one in Irvine,  or I was just by the Flappers in Claremont.
  Wow.
  Just kind of jammed into a weird little mall zone.
  Yeah, mall stand up clubs, very odd.
  But I'd love to play any of them.
  I'd love to do a Fuck Get's Thrive Live.
  Oh yeah, let's do one in Long Beach.
  I'd the most be excited.
  Yeah, sure, all right, great.
  We'll stay on the boat.
  Free drink minimums and $60 admission,  I assume if you do it down there.
  The comedy is so scarce in Long Beach,  it's a resource that you have to pay for.
  So yeah, so I got down there,  got the free bus to the Queen Mary,  went to get on the, and it's packed.
  Like getting on the ship is packed because.
  So like you're going, like you're at Ellis Island  or something, like getting on a giant ship.
  Pretty much, well because here's,  what I didn't think about is,  so the Queen Mary is a fully functioning hotel  and there are also tours and there's also events.
  You can have, you can get married on the Queen Mary  and like friends of friends have gotten married  on the ship and then the guests stay on the ship and stuff.
  Probably not while you were there,  but there's concerts and stuff.
  I know you can go see those mega tours of like Sugar Ray  and Smash Mouth.
  Oh yeah.
  And Dishwala.
  And just the singer of Fastball and Lit, yeah.
  But you know, there's a lot going on.
  That's a hub of activity.
  Well the other thing is, and this was,  the first day I was like, what the hell is that building?  Next to the Queen Mary there is a giant dome.
  And I just, I didn't even have to finish Googling it  and it auto completed Long Beach Dome.
  What is the Long Beach Dome?  It's the hanger for the Spruce Goose.
  It was built to house the Spruce Goose.
  And it is now, the Spruce Goose is now in Oregon  or Washington, a museum up there.
  It is now the cruise terminal  for the actual cruises that leave Long Beach.
  So like two or three cruise ships left  from next to this docked ancient cruise ship.
  Oh, so all that too.
  Oh my God.
  Yeah, so people use the Queen Mary if they're like,  I am on a cruise that leaves early tomorrow.
  I will book a $95 hotel room next to it.
  And then I just roll out of bed.
  Just roll the bag right over.
  Yeah, you know, before we move on from the dome,  I also wanna say that that was where they built the set  of the Riddler's Lair in Batman Forever.
  Holy shit, really?  I didn't know that.
  There's a lot of history in this.
  Jeez, I gotta get down there.
  I mean, Long Beach is-  You can see the outside of a dome  where my set was 23 years ago.
  It's dirty.
  Dirty, Jason shared the dirty dome.
  Dirty dome.
  There was also like a half finished Christmas village  next in between the dome and the Queen Mary,  but I couldn't figure out how to get over there.
  It's called something really just,  it's called like freeze or frost or ice or something.
  It's just like nothing weird.
  And I think that's where,  and then the Queen Mary does a lot of haunt stuff  around Halloween too.
  We'll get down there next year.
  Yeah, I mean, the ship is famously haunted.
  Right.
  Oh, that's right.
  Does that come into play on this?  Well, it comes into play with one of the weird,  well, we'll get there.
  So I checked in, got all my keys,  got my tickets for a complimentary glass of champagne.
  Every day I was there at the captain's toast.
  Bad news, never got to always miss the captain.
  What?  Yeah, it was an hour.
  I missed him by like an hour the first day  and the second day replaced by Mrs.
 Claus.
  Mrs.
 Claus is reading to kids,  Black Friday is the first day  of the Queen Mary's Christmas event.
  So I went to bed and when I woke up,  the entire place was covered in Christmas trees  and lights and stuff.
  Oh, wow.
  Did you watch Mrs.
 Claus give a toast?  I mean, no, she was reading  how the grits stole Christmas to children.
  Wait, wait, so explain the captain's toast  because this was a big thing that I was excited for you to do.
  How does it work if you're missing him by an hour?  Is he just toasting for six hours?  So they give you these drink tickets when you check in  and they're like, it's good from two to six  and the captain is there from either three to four  or five to six, but it kept changing.
  Like it said one thing on the website  and then it said one thing on the post  at like daily events things  and I was going off the website and that was wrong that day.
  Why would this be so complicated?  I don't know.
  Well, figure it out Queen Mary.
  It kind of becomes a theme.
  So I got I got to I was there a couple of hours before check in.
  But the room was already ready.
  I went down to the cabin.
  You sort of move back real quick.
  Yeah, just because we're talking about captain's toast.
  The boat doesn't need a captain when it's docked.
  But I saw him walking in the hole.
  I saw him getting in the elevator.
  He is in full white.
  He's in full.
  But is he a real boat captain  or is he just a performer who plays the captain?  I I am not I'm not sure about that,  because everyone else on the ship was dressed like, you know, either  in suits, everyone else was dressed like those  the people giving chores were dressed like museum docents.
  The people checking in were dressed in like business attire,  like any nice hotel.
  So it's there's it's possible he is a real boat captain.
  It's also possible he's just an teenager that was recruited  like a Disney character.
  Well, like a middle aged middle aged.
  Yeah, fair enough.
  Because the Queen Mary has been docked at Long Beach since 1967.
  So would not have been an actual captain on the boat.
  Is it possible they're worried that at a certain point,  they may need to get away from the dock and take the ship out to sea,  maybe if their war breaks out and the captain has to be there  in case he has to navigate in command.
  I mean, it's entirely possible the Queen Mary was used for a number of years  as troop transport during World War II.
  Would there be a possibility that if a war broke out between,  like, let's say North Korea, that you would have been on the boat  and then had to like automatically enlist?  I mean, I'd be happy to do my part,  but they did not walk us through the rules of maritime law  or where the life jackets were on the cruise ship.
  I remember the first day before we even like the first thing we got on the boat.
  They're like, all right, here's where your life jackets are in your room.
  And now everyone report to your life.
  But like just so you knew how to get to your life.
  Yeah, that's why.
 Interesting.
  I would like to say it did occur to me as soon as it came up  that a perfect job for Jason would be the captain of a dock ship.
  I mean, I would I would love that.
  Yeah, I would 100% do that.
  You would not shake hands.
  You would not only have an hour window for the captain's toast,  you know, for four hours, continually toasting and getting hammered.
  I would just live on the ship.
  Of course, I would want either like a corner room, though,  or empty rooms on either side of me, because again, the walls are paper thin.
  Right, right.
 OK, so so got to my cabin.
  Yeah, very nice.
  Turn on the bathroom light.
  And it is flickering, like buzzing and flickering, like a creepy light in a movie.
  So I was like, OK, that's not in other hotels.
  I probably would have let this slide because how often are you using the.
  But I was like, this ship is very haunted.
  I feel like this is this could catch me off guard.
  So I was like, I am going to call and ask them to replace this light bulb.
  I picked up the phone and only the zero for operator worked.
  None of the other buttons that say like front desk room  serve, all those other buttons just gave a dial to.
  I'm like, that's not great.
  So that was too down.
  That was two, two items  of the five things in the room that have to work.
  And then I I this is probably  look, this is just a thing I got into a few years ago.
  I pulled the sheet back just to make sure there was no bed bugs.
  Oh, yeah.
  This is just a habit I do now at hotels, even nice hotels have.
  It happens.
  And there was like the sheets were like kind of like rust stained.
  And I was like, OK, so I have to call the operator again and go like,  and can you also set someone up to change these sheets to something not stained?  Does the operator sound like Lurch from that family?  Yes.
  I don't remember, but I did have to call back later  because what happened was I left the room for a while, came back  and they had just made the bed.
  They had not changed the sheets.
  So eventually, though, that was fixed.
  So let's see.
  Checked in, got in the room.
  I went and I had a bite to eat at the one restaurant on the ship  and opted for a an early Thanksgiving meal of chicken and waffles.
  Eggs Benedict.
 Whoa.
  It was delicious.
  It was so eggs Benedict, traditionally Canadian bacon and  English muffins.
  This had just waffle pieces and then fried chicken instead of Canadian bacon.
  Collard greens, poached egg, hollandaise sauce.
  Delicious, delightful.
  And it's it's not all inclusive like a cruise.
  No, it is not.
 My mom asked that, too, because she she likes to go on cruises.
  Right.
 So you had to pay all the cars.
  I have to say, pretty affordable to eat on the ship.
  And the food was good.
  All the meals I had on the ship were good.
  How many different restaurants on the ship?  There's three.
 I ate at two of them.
  OK, so I had the crab cakes Benedict.
  And then I walked around the ship a little.
  Do the restaurants have fun names?  No, it's like the promenade cafe.
  There's a chowder house.
  That's fun.
 Chowder house is fun.
  And then there's then there's is it Sir Winston's?  That's the steakhouse.
  So the Queen Mary know notable built in England.
  Winston Churchill considered it his like office at sea  and is in fact the ship when he had to travel, he preferred to travel on  is the ship that he signed the D-Day Declaration on.
  Wow, really?  And it's the ship that I ate weed chocolate on.
  So it's the greatest moments in humanity.
  So then I was very full and had my edible  and watch the last two Harry Potter movies because they're a Thanksgiving  marathon every year.
  And that was in your room.
  Just in my room.
  I mean, that was, again, the whole point of the trip was like,  oh, I want to go do something and relax.
  Thanksgiving fun weekend for holiday specials, marathon.
  So just kind of doing that.
  Reading a little of the solo trip, by the way, I don't do it a lot.
  I get a little worried.
  It's possible that I like get weird and think and spin out.
  So I'm a little afraid of sometimes doing the solo trip.
  But if you really need to like  get your head together and chill out and just sometimes it can be very calming.
  I did that a little and more just from like,  like, oh, well, was I going to go check out this tomorrow?  But then and like that the one one of the complaints about the Queen Mary stuff  is not open terribly late.
  The second day I was there was a was a Friday.
  And so stuff was open a little later.
  Oh, yeah.
 What do you do?  Like if there's nothing, it's not like one place to go one in the morning.
  There was room.
 Yes.
  Well, that free bus runs until pretty late.
  So you can get over to the seaport or whatever.
  But did people know this story?  I feel like our Facebook group might have talked about it, that there was like  this.
 This is a different thing.
  This is like the transport from the Queen Mary Halloween  Haunt event back to the mainland and the parking lot  that a bus driver like flipped out and just kept driving and driving.
  And they ended up in Carson and the police had to go get him.
  That was from the Queen Mary.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 They were trying to get out the windows.
  It was like, oh, yeah.
  And he was he just wasn't responding and people are screaming like,  you're kidnapping us.
  And it sounded horrible.
  So I'm just that makes me not want to get on that shuttle at two in the morning.
  I mean, yeah, I I well, they must have used like overflow parking  because there is a huge parking lot next to the ship.
  But I bet.
 And then the yeah, for Halloween.
  And then the the city bus, the passport bus system,  which is the free bus I was talking about that.
  I mean, that's run by the city and it's people driving it,  doing the same routes all day long.
  So, yeah, the Queen Mary probably outsourced whatever Halloween.
  I'm not worried about a city employee doing a circle over and over again  all day, suddenly snapping.
  Yeah, that'll be fine.
  No, it'll be fine.
  So, yeah, so I that was what I did.
  I did go up to the Chowder house that first night  to have a quick bowl of Manhattan clam chowder.
  How's that?  Well, I got to say, too.
  Not enough clams, not enough potatoes, too much zucchini.
  A thing I do not associate being in Manhattan clam chowder.
  Not all too creative.
  What's this California bullshit?  Basic stuff, please.
  But was was the seafood was redeemed on the last day.
  I'll get to that when I wrap up.
  Because you were so high, it came to life and talk to you.
  That is true.
  I Jason, I'm the sea bass.
  You know what?  I never got too high because I just kept eating.
  So like it didn't kick in like if I had an empty stomach.
  And it was also a new location.
  So I was probably a little more like not as relaxed as if I was at home.
  But I was relaxed.
 I had a nice time.
  So went to bed, woke up the next day.
  I think I just had a oh, I coffee and a slice of lemon pound cake for breakfast  before I took the bus over to the Seaport Village, walked around the Seaport Village,  walked around the Pike, which is a massive outlet mall that appears to have eight stores.
  Like it does not have a lot of stores, but it is very large  and was not really that crowded on Black Friday.
  So it was it was a little strange.
  I find that mall to be mostly pretty deserted.
  Yeah.
 My experience with it is that a long time ago, I made a video where I needed a segue  and the closest possible place to rent a segue from segue of Long Beach,  one of the eight stores in the Pike Mall.
  And it was like a lot cheaper if I returned it myself.
  Like they brought it to me in the valley.
  But I had to take it back.
  So I took a weird little drive, maybe with Aaron, I forget,  but like a little drive to return the segue.
  And I think I got out of the car and like did a big segue loop  just by myself in this mall and then returned it.
  It was a very pleasant day.
  I got to say, honey, can you put the blinkers on?  I'm just going to do a segue loop.
  Just want to kiss the old baby goodbye.
  You know, I also though there was a bad story with that, where I, you know,  the novelty of having a segue in the house and I was kind of filming it.
  I was a video I filmed in my dad's office, a good location that's free.
  And so my dad is around and like, you want to take the thing for a spin?  Yeah, sure.
  And I watched him go up the block and then go into a spin and a faster spin.
  And a faster and faster and faster helix.
  And luckily, he jumped off and he made it.
  But in that moment, I was imagining like, hey, make a fun video with a segue.
  Oh, God, my dad split his head open.
  I watched the demise of my dad.
  Like if he like hit his head really hard and like never recovered.
  And like because I filmed some dumb video, my dad was a vegetable for the rest.
  Oh, I flashed to some terrible stuff.
  It's all fine.
 My dad is fine.
  So I was concerned about getting haunted by ghosts on a ship.
  And you were concerned about getting haunted by probably poorly  regulated segue results, because for sure you signed away  any waiver for you.
  And your father was definitely not authorized with that company.
  No, no, not at all.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, it's hey, look, we're in a different county.
  Rules don't apply.
  You shouldn't take this thing out of the LBC to begin with.
  I mean, that's that's probably right.
  I used to I associated segues with interventions on both coasts.
  And they're always being like, you could try it out for like a minute or two.
  But the line was always so long.
  Sure, sure, sure.
 And not that way.
  It's a little fun.
  I had fun, but you cannot imagine incorporating it into your day to day.
  And then, of course, famously, the inventor of Segway died  while using Segway, he like fell off a cliff.
  So Segway's are bad news.
  I don't know if the Segway Long Beach is still open, but that was one of the eight.
  We'll do an episode about it.
  About Segway.
  Each regional Segway office throughout the country.
  Oh, I wonder.
  This island, Disney was doing Segway tours of DCA for a little while.
  Oh, I can't be doing that anymore.
 Right.
  I was like before the park open like six a.
m.
 or something.
  Really? Yeah.
  Man, I had a look at Segway's count as a ride.
  I guess they do.
  They're going to do things, a ride.
 Yeah.
  We got to loosen our definition.
  We got these patreons to fill now.
  Everything.
 Yeah.
  Your shoes are wheels in your shoes.
 That's a ride.
  I do not.
  Well, yeah, we got to get wheel shoes.
  Cruising.
  California Ventures Segway tour closed.
  Closed.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 Oh, well, that'll be when we're really scraping the  the sea ticket bottom of the barrel.
  That's what we'll get to.
 Yeah.
  The Segway tours that were open for three months that we didn't attend.
  Right.
 Based on the two Yelp reviews that exist.
  Well, two reviews.
  We can stretch that into an hour.
 It's fine.
  Half an hour per.
  Anyway, the Pike, the Pike.
  Yeah.
 And then you go visit our friend Truffles  at the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory.
  As a matter of fact, Scott, I did visit Truffles.
  So Truffles is the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory bear.
  Yeah.
 That Scott and Aaron love.
  My wife and I, we've had this thing for many years.
  If you're in a store or if you're in a mall that has a Rocky Mountain Chocolate  Factory, there's this big rotund bear.
  This will be an episode two.
 We'll do the Truffles.
  That was it.
 But there's this big rotund bear.
  He is so big and so fat and he looks so sad to be alive.
  And he's always in a costume like a smock or something for the holidays or like a,  you know, like like a Dracula outfit.
  And he looks so humiliated to be in whatever he's wearing.
  And I love him and Aaron loves him.
  And we've been we've like gone out of our way to go to Truffles.
  We've like gone way off the road into Victorville while coming back from Vegas.
  We like we went to Phoenix and we did three different Truffles stops.
  I found all the Truffles in the and sometimes we'll call ahead to Rocky Mountain  Chocolate Factory's does ask, Hey, do you have that bear?  Is the bear in your store? And if they say no, we're very sad.
  Anyway, I can't believe I haven't talked about Truffles.
  Is Truffles in the Galleria?  Is that even still there?  Is the Glendale Galleria Macarachy Mountain still there?  I don't know, because I see what I see.
  Because I've seen him there and I also.
  Oh, OK.
 I was going to say, because there's another chocolate company  with like the same aesthetic.
  But Truffles, I don't I feel like I wasn't that long ago that I saw Truffles there.
  I didn't know his name either.
  I have an affection for him.
  I have not driven to him, which I'm not putting down.
  I would drive to him.
  It's gotten out of control.
  I don't forget how we found out the name.
  It's on some official Facebook or something.
  But yeah, we love Truffles.
  Truffles was there.
  I don't know that any employees were there because I walked through that store  and no one said anything to me.
  We, Aaron and I have so much experience walking into Rocky Mountain Chocolate  Factory is ignoring the employees because we have no intention of buying chocolate.
  We are there to take a quick photo of Aaron comforting a sad bear.
  And then we're getting out of there.
  Well, knowing you guys to take this, always take those.
  I made sure to take one, too.
  And I put my sunglasses on.
  So he looks like a cool.
  Oh, he looks so great.
  Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 Oh, wait.
  We'll post this.
  Oh, man.
 Jason and Truffles sunglasses selfie.
  I'm so happy.
 I did not.
  I tried to put the the arms of the sunglasses like on his face, but he was he's too fat.
  Too big.
 So fat.
  So I closed him and just rest him on his nose.
  I was like, yeah, this is Truffles.
  He has so many problems.
  I bet he's in poor health.
  He has diabetes.
  A lot of problems with Trump.
  But that's why you got to go say what's up, please.
  Listeners.
 Oh, my God.
  If I can get the fans in on this, if you're near Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory,  please tweet it at us.
  This is in the category of things I want to know about.
  Send us yourself with Truffles, please.
 Yes.
  Until you get Aaron to at friendship, but at friendship underscore 500.
  Yeah.
 Truffles.
  I like Seaport Village because it seems like the perfectly  like an algorithm designed like Native American store,  jerky store, chocolate factory,  like kites or pirate stuff like it was it was all Shady Mary ground.
  It looks like it's just going to rust over one day.
  Just just pure rust.
  It'll just explode into pure rust powder.
  Boring restaurant, boring like Pavilion restaurant where you get a lot of  it should be.
 I did eat at a bar.
  I ate at a barbecue place.
  I love pulled pork.
  And I was like, oh, there's barbecue place right here.
  Had a lovely pulled pork sandwich and fries.
  Apparently, I kept looking because the Pike website said stores,  including like Converse and H&M and The Gap and restaurants like  Chili's and Starbucks and Famous Dave's.
  And I'm like, where the fuck is this Famous Dave's barbecue?  Oh, I think it had evolved into a Q smoke, a different barbecue place.
  Which is where I ate.
  But there was it wasn't until like I found the closed on Yelp page  that I figured out like, where is this mysterious famous Dave's?  That's not coming up for anything.
  A lot of turnover in the Long Beach area.
  Yeah, this is great.
  This is your like solo day with the one day where you're playing it to the.
  Yeah.
 To the light.
  There's a lighthouse on a big hill, a big green hill.
  And I saw my bike all around there.
  Those are great bike paths.
  I think I'm determining I'm a big Long Beach fan.
  I have a beautiful view of the Queen Mary and the other ships docked.
  And that once I saw that big hill with a light, I as I've said in the past,  I'm like a goat.
 I want to be on the highest point.
  So I was like, well, I got to go up there and figure it out my way up there.
  Do you love lighthouses in general?  I do like lighthouses.
  Did you pay for the champagne toast with the lighthouse keeper?  No, you don't.
  You don't get to go in the lighthouse.
  I think it's too small.
  It's pretty small.
  I was surprised there was not a big maybe there was a bigger one at some point.
  But yeah, I mean, beautiful, beautiful view picture.
  The lighthouse, blue sky, great weather.
  There should be.
  And I was down there should be a whole walkthrough of it.
  Right.
 You're saying there's not like a room for a whole tour.
  I don't think there's room for two people in this lighthouse.
  I think it's a really small spiral staircase.
  I spent some time in some lighthouses in my day.
  I was very what's your favorite lighthouse?  Yeah, we haven't talked lighthouses yet.
  Lighthouses are rides.
  Well, I remember one that was very cool.
  They went to the top of that was on the island of Bermuda on that cruise I took.
  Whoa.
  I don't remember where it was because I know some of the places I saw in Bermuda  and some of the beaches we went to have been washed away by storms.
  Like not global warming, like normal tropical storms.
  How can we make sure of those?  Well, that's true.
  You know, all in the wash now.
  Maybe I've never been in a lighthouse like a probably I've been in a lighthouse.
  Oh, man.
  If you have a lighthouse you want us to come to, let us know your favorite lighthouse.
  I in along the coast in Jersey and New England, there's so many preserved lighthouses.
  Yeah.
 And that that's what reminded me.
  I mean, the big thing about that I found staying on the Queen Mary  was sort of like you went to a museum and then you are sleeping at the museum tonight.
  And also you can walk around the museum at all hours of the day.
  That's odd.
 Did you did that freak you out?  I think the only thing  no, because they do a good job of like coordinate  blocking off like hotel guests only areas.
  So so I went back to the ship and this was  I forget when the first time this happened, but I went back.
  I was like, well, I got to go back for the afternoon champagne toast.
  See if I can meet the captain.
  As I said, I did not.
  But my key didn't work.
  My keys deactivated twice on this trip and I had to go back up.
  And unfortunately, that weekend, there was a lot of cruises leaving.
  So there was always a massive lie to check in and check out.
  And so like I kept having to wait.
  And the second time they're like, well, it could be a problem with the lock.
  We could move you to another room.
  And I'm like, no, no, it's too much trouble.
  And then when I went back to my room Saturday afternoon,  different people had checked in in the cabin next to me.
  And they again, walls paper thin.
  They were playing music so loud.
  No, I thought I had put on Beyonce's Lemonade  and was going track by track like it was.
  And then I could hear every line of their conversation.
  So at that point, I I went back to the front desk and went, hey,  I'm going to take you up on that offer to move me to another room.
  And what were they talking about?  Just like general conversation, general conversation.
  I heard a lot of like, where's the beer? Where's the beer?  I said, where did you put the no, I see the vodka like they were.
  Yeah, there was tons of people checking in.
  And you would hear people going like, yeah, my cruise leaves tomorrow.
  So and I have found in my experience, like, as I said, my mom and stepdad  like cruising, going on cruises, not cruising in the other  tradition, but they were going on cruises.
  And then I was reminded, like, oh, you know, I was like going on cruises.
  The other demographic,  20 to 30 something couples who want to get fucked up  and are starting before they get on the boat,  because there was a lot of squirrely looking Orange County people  there to get fucked up.
  Like everyone was either dressed in the nines to go to the old ship  and have a nice meal, or they were dressed like we were on an island  and were in the like Tommy Bahama flip flops beaches,  or they were in like a muscle shirt and covered in tattoos.
  Like there was a lot of guys who looked like they could kick my ass.
  So that's why I opted the path of least resistance to not  because I was like, well, I could call because I've had I've been at hotels.
  Where it's like, oh, no, we have a connecting room, but we're not using.
  It's just the rooms could connect if you book two together.
  And sometimes you can really hear people.
  And we'd started this episode and bum rush Jason.
  And he he was weird and squirrely and not participating and then kind of penta.
  And then five minutes in, he's like, I got beat up by a bro.
 OK.
  They beat I was in the hospital.
  I have makeup on.
  That's why you can't see my bruises.
  My teeth are missing, man.
  I mean, I think great content is the.
  I think it was an arraignment to Jason admitting his abuse was powerful.
  Yeah, this is a word where the Patreon content.
  Yeah, they're not in my ass kicked.
  They're not really.
  Yeah, I think the champagne toasts like there wasn't a lot of people,  unlike actual cruises where I think people mingle a lot more.
  There wasn't a ton of mingling.
  It seemed like going on.
  Is there a scene there?  Is there a place you would go and hang out a bar scene or something?  You could talk to beautiful bar.
  The observation deck bar, I believe, was the first class bar on the ship.
  Beautifully preserved Art Deco style bar.
  I had a quick drink, but honestly, it was so packed in there.
  I didn't spend a lot of time in there.
  Was this supposed to be like a was this potentially a like saber toast?  Was that ever advertised where they take the cork off with the sword?  Oh, no, I don't think so.
  Well, because one of those ever.
  That's the coolest thing.
  That's the coolest thing you ever did see.
  I have seen someone do that.
  Yes, it is very cool.
  I think you can do it with a butcher knife, but I'm not.
  Oh, really?  You want to go get one and try it?  And one of the 10 bottles of champagne.
  Yeah, it's there.
  Uh, yeah.
  So so it's there's not much of a social scene.
  There's not much.
  And I wish they had, you know, a lot of the ship has been converted.
  A lot.
 A lot has been preserved.
  A lot's been converted.
  And then there was stuff that was closed when I was there  because they do restorations kind of in chunks.
  So there were some parts of the ship you could not go on.
  They were redoing.
  They didn't have the self-guided audio tour, but it was easy enough to.
  There was so many plaques and some informational signs like the self-guided  tour was easy enough and was very cool to see the bridge and the officer's quarters.
  One thing I like some of these showers in my first room and these showers  in the officer's quarters still had this.
  It had four knobs on it for hot fresh water, cold fresh water,  cold salt water or hot salt water.
  So if you wanted to take a hot salt water bath.
  Back in the day.
  When you were a child.
  These, of course, do not work anymore.
  There were modern knobs put in, but I did like try them immediately.
  You would have never gone back once you had that hot salt water bath.
  Aysen lives in the Queen Mary.
  We have to go.
  We have to drive to Long Beach.
  Try to record.
  Pay the admission to get inside the building at all.
  And then.
  Cut.
 They do toot the horn of the ship at like 10 a.
m.
  noon, 3 p.
m.
, 6 p.
m.
  Oh, and so we'd have to edit out like hold for a whore.
  Did you? Is there any way they let a passenger toot the horn?  I don't know how they toot the horn.
  I did not see that option.
  I said I listened to the guy in the bridge answer questions for a little while.
  Fun fact, they they only have records of eight confirmed deaths on the ship.
  Did the guy say that?  Yes, he did, because everyone  inevitably, it always comes back to ghosts.
  All right.
  Oh, that was the thing that happened the first night.
  The fire alarm went off at about 2 a.
m.
  Oh, so little Logie had been asleep for those off for a little while.
  Sure.
 Got out of the ship and.
  And leave the ship.
  Yes.
 Everyone exited the ship.
  Everyone exited.
  Yes.
  I did remember this.
  You know, I don't think it was to a it might have been closer to midnight  because I exited right next to the ghost tour that had exited.
  There was a ghost tour.
  There was a good there.
  You didn't take it.
  I did not know.
 I did not do any of the.
  How much was it?  They were all like forty dollars.
  Oh, how can you be sure that there's not some secret window  or two way mirror that you don't know about?  And they're passing you off as a ghost.
  Like all the sleep and you can see him in there right now.
  This ghost is Logie from too much clam chowder.
  It's clam chowder of weed.
  This I don't know, but I.
  Logie is ghost on the boat.
  I was walking back to my room at about four fifteen in the afternoon.
  The one day a couple who was hammered was like, is he a ghost?  Are you a ghost man?  Like they were.
 Someone asked you if you were a ghost.
  If I was a ghost.
  I want right into this.
  Wow.
 They.
  And then one of them almost fell over and the other one caught them.
  Again, four o'clock in the afternoon.
  What about when it was so like a guest at being like  but thinking that you were a ghost that they almost teetered over like a cartoon?  No, they were joking about it.
  They were laughing.
 They were just hammered.
  And I went, no, but I made them change a light bulb  because the flickering was creeping me out from the ghost.
  And they thought that was hysterical.
  So you knocked people over.
  That was so funny.
 Yeah.
  And then, oh, yeah.
  And then the Christmas stuff really kicked in at night.
  So there was carolers walking around.
  And all the lights were lit up and stuff.
  And then there was three very kind of lost looking toy soldiers.
  And I'm like, oh, God, are they just do they just have to wander around?  That's those poor people.
  And then later on, I saw them again.
  And they walked up onto this little stage that was set up on the one deck  in between the shops and started tap dancing.
  And they were great.
  And I was like, oh, that's why they seemed lost earlier.
  They are here to tap dance.
  And we're probably told in between your showtimes,  just wander around and get your picture with people.
  And I was like, oh, just let them tap.
  Do you have a photo with them?  No, I didn't, because then I tried to find that and I never saw them again.
  That's too bad.
 But either way, you're like you're watching  Captain characters go by as ghosts.
  You visited a teddy bear that I love.
  There's toys coming alive.
  I have you.
  Vapes every which way.
  Pretend you're a ghost.
  Yeah, I get to pretend I'm a ghost.
  And then the morning, the next morning, I checked out  a couple couple of things to note when I went to check out,  I went to the front desk because another point against the Queen Mary,  they do tack on that annoying $15 resort fee every night.
  So that's like 30 bucks.
  And I very I learned this from some travel website.
  I went up to them as like, hey, I had a few things go wrong in my room.
  Could you possibly waive the resort fee?  And they're like, yes, of course, sir.
  So just happened to me down by Disneyland because I really.
  Yeah, and I spent the night one night and the the room they put us in  reeked of weed.
  So we went downstairs and they moved us to another room and they  and that all was waived.
  So that's nice.
  That's a good little fine one complaint, especially if it's true.
  Yeah, because I think it's kind of shitty to browbeat.
  Like, could you come through?  Like, that's that's a little much.
  I did have a hotel.
  There's a beautiful hotel up at Lake Arrowhead.
  And I stayed there twice.
  And there was always something a little wrong.
  But the first time it was that the air conditioner was out that night.
  And it was the middle of the heat wave.
  And the engine, an engineer came and tried to fix it.
  He's like, yeah, that's the best I can do.
  And he's like, let me see what I can do for you.
  And he called.
 He's like, all right, I got your room  taken care of for the night.
  Damn.
 So some guest like, excuse me.
  Um, I don't they don't they don't budge.
  But if like a gruff handyman said, hey, listen, assholes.
  Well, also, it's like sleeping with a sliding door open, like to try  and like, try and like get in the cave as a fan.
  Like, that's what that was.
  Is not fulfilling its basic duty as a room.
  Yeah.
 The next year, the next time I stayed there was just kind of noisy.
  And I was like, oh, no, it's like there are two teenagers  started fighting in the lobby and went back to the room.
  And the arguments continued from the lobby down the hallway.
  I was like, can you do it?  And they're like, well, we can weigh the resort fee.
  And so the resort fee is an arbitrary tack on if something.
  Yeah.
 Something goes wrong in your room.
  That's the thing to ask to get rid of.
  And it's really it's very easy for most people to do.
  I feel like it's made up.
  It is made up very much.
  Yeah, it's like whatever car stuff they try to upsell you.
  So I got that done.
  And then I went to back to the restaurant and I had crab cakes.
  Better eggs Benedict.
  Whoa.
 More Benedict.
  More Benedict.
  The best crab cakes I've had in California.
  Whoa.
 Wow.
 Delicious.
  Mostly crab, very little breading or any delightful.
  What a delightful way to check out.
  Geez.
 Yeah, this is here.
  I thought this was going to be a thing of like poking and prodding you.
  I'm very happy you had a great time.
  Now, the subway ride back was a little interesting.
  The first car first train that pulled up, there was a guy.
  The car was empty, except one guy just banging on the door to the.
  I guess where the conductor would be banging on the door.
  And when that didn't work, he was just tapping on the door with a pen and going  like, hey, and I'm like, I will wait for the next train.
  That's another themed experience.
  It's like a horror night's type situation, you know, it's like you're on a subway  and there's zombies trying to get in and you love scares.
  I love haunts.
  You love if this happened to you.
  I love.
 Yeah.
 Now I don't get scared on anywhere.
  It's like a character in real life.
  The next train that pulled up a few stops in, someone got on with like a Bluetooth  speaker, like blasting music.
  And I was like, yeah, OK, yeah, this is the subway.
  This happened a few stops later.
  Someone else got on with a Bluetooth speaker, blasting music.
  Neither of them back down.
  This was just a horrible mashup.
  Beyonce's Lemonade playing from both.
  No, maddeningly not like 15 seconds apart.
  And then two stops from the end, a third person turned on  his speaker.
 Oh, God.
  So that was a bit funny at that point.
  No, I think just didn't consider it.
  But, you know, it's not the subway.
  You know what? Right.
  I got to pick a fight on this.
  I want my own business.
  Did you have an opportunity to get up and walk to another car  real fast when they stopped?  I know by that point, it was pretty full.
  Not as far.
 I mean, Thanksgiving was pretty full because people were traveling.
  But yeah, it was very nice trip.
  Again, I think the caveats with Queen Mary do the service was very good.
  It is an old ship and they've done wonderful work preserving it.
  But like I do think I would not be surprised if they did a refurb  on those rooms at some point soon.
  I have to say LG TV's with DirecTV, the full DirecTV package.
  So that was very fun to be a little stoned watching TV in the room.
  I love that.
  That's a big benefit of hotel stayovers at this point,  is because I don't have cable at home now, as a lot of people probably don't.
  So it's like your one chance to see what's happening on cable, which, as you said,  most likely is Harry Potter playing all day.
  There was this one man.
  You're reminding me the first time I went to Disney World with Aaron  almost a decade ago.
 Oh, my God.
  We there was this ad, this half hour.
  I love when you get the full half hour infomercial.
  That just just completely takes up this block on TV.
  And we were feeling so loopy in general from like we're staying at a weird,  shady, just off site  property, a Radisson or something just off of Disney World.
  And felt like so insane from all the Disney madness in general.
  And then we get back to the room and there's this ad  that's it's it's might be popular a little bit.
  It's called Appliance Direct.
  And it's this maddening commercial where every time there's a line  and the guy finishes Appliance Direct, it's all with that tone.
  And when the line is done, he pauses there.
  The frame that he's in slides all the way to the right.
  The next frame slides in and the next line begins.
  There's never just a cut every it's always a slide transition  that takes five seconds.
  And then beyond that, there's this insane thing where he's proving  how well the dishwasher works by because you could put a cake in it.
  So we put a cake in it.
  Like watching an entire full multi-layer chocolate cake  go into a dishwasher like we watch this thing front to back.
  We never wanted it to end.
 That's great.
  Yeah.
 Insane Hotel TV.
  If it if the right thing hits you at the right time, you never forget it.
  I caught some of a very interesting documentary that was like for a chunk of it.
  It was about Native American cinema and actors and and,  you know, Native Americans making their own movies  and getting modern Native voices out there and stuff.
  And then a chunk of it was about Iron Eyes Cody,  the guy who was the crying Native American from the PSA.
  That motherfucker was an Italian.
  Oh, yeah, I heard that.
 Yes.
  Played Native American from the ad.
  But then got famous for playing Native Americans.
  And towards the end of his life, never got out of character.
  Like just started living.
  Yeah, like, I mean, I think maybe lost it a little.
  I think that happens towards the end.
  Isn't it isn't Johnny isn't there's a story about Johnny Weiss  Miller being Tarzan in a retirement home when he lost his mind.
  Oh, my God, Michael, that you just remind me there's a Johnny Weiss  Mueller fact about Mueller.
 Sorry.
  Right.
 Yeah, Mueller.
  So there was a room where they were showing like short documentaries  about the Queen Mary and.
  In the room, do you get Queen?  Oh, no, they should have had a channel in the room.
  But no, there was a little viewing room and there there.
  You could peek into like this used to be the pool.
  This used to be like on on a boat movie theater.
  But one of the facts was like memories of the Queen Mary from passengers  who had written it.
  And there was a story of a guy going like when I was a child,  I was on the Queen Mary and I jumped in the point and know how, you know,  I couldn't swim very well or I was too far from the edge.
  And I started to like drown.
  And this giant arm reached in, pulled me out.
  And I looked up and I was looking at the face of Tarzan  because Johnny Weiss Mueller had pulled him out of the water.
  What? He was a passenger.
  It was a very popular thing.
  People would take the Queen Mary from England to New York  or England to the West to see and be seen.
  So there's all these pictures like Audrey Hepburn on the ship.
  There's a lot of Laurel and Hardy picture.
  I guess they wrote it.
  Maybe they wrote it during their failed  comeback tour in England that you could see Stan and whatever that weird.
  What is it called?  Stan and Ollie, the John C.
  Riley movie.
  But yeah, there was a bunch of pictures of them on the ship.
  I have one more question.
 Yeah.
  And I don't I assume you would have mentioned something if something had gone down.
  What is your philosophy?  I've been to places on little vacations with people who are single  and they get right on a dating app and start looking  for matches of people in the area.
  Is that even playing into your mind?  I tried on Tinder for like a few minutes and I didn't get anything.
  And there was not a lot of anyone like around our age staying on that ship  besides me was there with like a family or with a couple.
  Well, why don't you just why don't you just turn up the age to 60 or 70?  And and and add willing to be a third.
  I don't know that you could toggle that on.
  I don't toggle it on.
 I've never been on these apps.
  I can't have been in a relationship since this has been in.
  So I've never downloaded it.
  I don't know how it works, but I assume you just toggle the age and toggle.
  There's a third option on all these apps.
  Click it.
 Yeah.
  Change the bio to I'm on the Queen Mary ready to party.
 Right.
  And change your photo to you holding up the number three.
  Oh, so very clearly.
  Bowl of chowder in one hand and three in the other.
 Yeah.
  So with the aphrodisiac being a little bit of Benedict,  then we'll ease our way into a love of wonderful three.
  Hollandaise does not keep for very long.
  It must be eaten at a quick pace.
  Oh, local local  the valley face, see why T.
  I think it is soft serve.
  There's a truck parked a few trucks parked along Ventura.
  Sometimes they had they were serving that at the coffee shop.
  That was delightful to have one night out on the deck.
  So what I'm imagining now is that this the success of this trip  will loom large in your life.
  And when you pass on what you will first see in the afterlife  is a sweeping shot of the lobby of the Queen Mary, a la Titanic.
  And you will be just like Rose.
  You'll be forever living in your ship of dreams.
  They'll all be there.
  The captain, the yogurt, the Hollandaise, the rowdy OC.
  You see Johnny Weissmuller with my sunglasses on.
  He's alive now.
  He like tips his sunglasses in a cool guy way.
  Winston Churchill's there.
  It's signing a declaration welcoming me.
  I declare this Jay Day.
  Handing me a vape pen saying, take a poll, my boy.
  That's you officially dying that like perfectly when you dream,  take the vape pen that that's exactly when the art monitor goes.
  Be.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, this is your this is your afterlife.
  By the way, I have to say the one side of the ship full of ashtrays  and people smoking and vaping.
  So I was like, oh, can you even smoke on this ship?  And it's like, oh, yes, you definitely can.
  So you see you just getting high with truffles, getting high with truffles.
  You the captain, the truffles, the lighthouse keeper, a lot of rich foods,  nary a vegetable in sight besides those collard greens.
  You have a romantic relations three ways with truffles.
  Audrey Hepburn.
  Yeah, you.
  And a beautiful toy soldier.
  That's a four.
 That's a orgy.
  And then the cow forging.
 Yeah.
  Forgy.
 Yeah, that's you call for.
  Four ways sexism.
  And so I had a forgy that lasted forever on the ship of dreams.
  The ship of creams, ice cream,  see why it was called.
  We can't launch another campaign for Jason for Captain and Jason  for Lighthouse Keeper, but that would be great.
  I'm not too worried about the campaign and this naturally happen.
  Yeah, you're right.
  This way, if you just keep if you if you made this an annual trip,  you'll get to know the Queen Mary regulars and you'll just get invited.
  Sure.
 He's who's that guy, the captain.
  Oh, he's this local eccentric.
  Started showing up once a year.
  The family or no, no, no.
  What's him? What time is he toast?  Anytime.
 Go up to him.
  He's ready to walk up with anything you need open to soda bottle.
  Yeah, sure.
  Today, it's coffee or chocolate milk or something.
  It's not always the official Queen.
  Queen Mary has its own.
  They had its own label of champagne,  which was neat.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  I mean, there's there's lots of cool stuff.
  But I think it's worth worth visiting for a day trip  or stay overnight on day.
  It was cool to stay on the ship or a forgy or a forgy.
  A forgy.
 But hey, again, those walls are paper thin.
  So and maybe if you want to hear that, hey, great.
  Walls are paper thin.
 Heads up perverts.
  Maybe you attract some people over and turn it into an eight G and octet.
  But if you are getting on that Carnival Cruise the next day,  please be considerate of the people who just want to stay on an old boat.
  Just figure out where the beer is.
  Have a concerted beer location and don't lose it.
  This was one.
  And this is the last thing I'll add on the guy.
  An old man was checking in before me.
  Also alone.
  And I heard the front desk person go like,  so we have you down for eight nights.
  Oh, man.
  So you got a bill to that.
  And you were just like, like jealous with rage in that moment.
  Yeah, I'd like to be his agent, spend eight nights on this boat.
  On the boat.
 He's so wise.
  I hope he had quiet neighbors because, you know, he was calling security.
  Sure.
 Oh, maybe he was partying, too.
  Maybe he was on the.
 He was partying.
 Yeah, sure.
  That's the that's the one person you would have found him.
  Yeah, him giving you a big wink.
 He was.
  Also holding the number three.
  Let me take you out of my way.
  Jason, here's how you do eight nights on the Queen Mary.
  Right.
 That 24 hour party people, too.
  Right.
  You know, I was that one that Steve Coogan takes like his nephew under the  that another movie, another movie with the same poster from the same time period.
  I might be thinking there's a lot of movies where like Steve Coogan  takes a trip, right? Yes.
  There's multiple multiple trips.
  There's there's Stan and Ollie.
  I know Stan and Ollie.
  Did Stan and Ollie take a trip at the end of that?  Well, that the movie is about they take a trip to England to try to do  a comeback tour after they kind of watched.
  A trip.
 They do take a trip.
  I don't think the tour goes well.
 Spoiler alert.
  It was a million years ago.
  Sorry, everyone.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 Well, that I'm you know what?  I might I might think about this later and not agree.
  I think that was my favorite episode.
  I have the most fun.
  There was no research involved.
  Yeah.
 Sweating it.
  I just got to you.
 You got to hear about a nice time.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I really.
  Maybe it's my ship of dreams will just be the recording of this.
  We've been doing all of the lifting.
  Yeah, I know.
 Heavy lifting.
  Oh, man, I love it.
  Let's just cancel the show.
  That's it.
 We start.
 We peaked.
  Yep.
 I know a hard cut in December.
  It's a Patreon.
 I agree.
  Jason, well, you should.
  You should have thought before you got on that boat and then.
  Before I had a perfect episode.
  Yeah.
 You survived podcast, the ride, the second gate.
  Jason's portholes and was it for.
  Yeah.
 What was the other?  I love it.
 Oh, no.
  Points, points and portholes.
  Yeah, Jason's points and portholes edition  for more quality content like this.
  Remain subscribed to the page.
  You don't have any other work to do just like me in this episode.
  Yeah, you're subscribing.
  But check out our regular stuff of that Twitter, Instagram  and wherever else we have anything.
  And we'll see you for more fun soon.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 Bye.
  To my gosh.
