 Five, four, three, two, one.
  This podcast, The Ride, the second gate hosted by two good boys and one sad boy.
  The sad boy, you ask, is me.
  And let me tell you guys why.
  I'll just unveil, me, Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan.
  Hi, Mike Carlson here.
  Yeah, I want to hear.
  This is hot off the presses.
  I haven't even texted about this.
  I'm beginning to book my vacation to Tokyo Disney in April and I'm very excited.
  And as it's coming together, I'm thrilled.
  But we're getting into the area that I've been fearing, which is starting to find out  what rides are going to be refurbished in the time that I'm there.
  Oh my God, what is it?  I'm kind of, my heart just like doubled in speed.
  You can see why.
  When I clicked on the link, it was one of these, it was like WDW Explorer.
  So one of these Twitter's we follow is in Japan and they sent a link.
  And during the time that I'm there, I will not be able to go on Pooh's Hunt.
  Oh, no.
  I'm so upset.
  I actually was.
  Oh, my God.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Which OK, so we just we just recently released this episode about Tokyo  Disney with Lindsay, where I left halfway through.
  And so so it's been but but Erin, who's also going with me, didn't give a shit.
  She heard all the spoilers.
  OK, yeah, sure.
 This is entirely my psychosis.
  But she said, oh, my God.
  Wait, well, now that we know we're not going, can you can I tell you about the stuff?  And I'm like, yeah, sure.
  And we watched a video and it was starting to come and she were here.
  This is a spoiler, right? Just skip like, you know, if you're listening,  you don't want to hear about Tokyo Disney.
  Skip three minutes ahead.
  But she's like, oh, I think this is where it's going to get crazy.
  And I watched the you did the crazy room where there are.
  There is a big pot with a heffa lump or woozle on it.
  So I've seen this now.
  I know what it is and I know that I don't get to do it.
  At least not this time, because, of course, I'm already thinking.
  Maybe maybe Japan has to come.
  I haven't even been and already we were like we're so we feel we're trying to cram  so much in.
 I'm already thinking about Japan trip number two.
  But anyway, no, no poos, honey.
  Well, at least the emperor's kiss is open.
  You got to make sure to ride the emperor's kiss.
  What's the emperor's kiss?  I don't know.
 I think I really don't have the energy to.
  I was going to try.
  Could I? Yeah.
 Could I string along for four or five months  that there is a ride he has to go on called the inverse kiss?  You wait in the moment.
  You suddenly decided to do a long con joke.
  Yes.
 And twice as quickly, I decided to give up on it  because if I prodded you a lot more, you might not have been ready.
  I think because I started to smile as I finished saying kiss,  not that the listeners could hear that, but it would have been a vaguer.
  The emperor's token or something.
  I think this is I mean, all of this is harder to do with the Internet nowadays.
  And I think only two people here, one who went to Tokyo Disney.
  Yeah.
 But if you guys had played the little.
  Yeah.
 But you didn't like look over at me a wink.
  I would have seen.
 I guess that's true.
  Yeah.
 You are you like off, Mike?  You went like, play it cool.
  Yeah, that would have been very funny if I did the cocaine nose thing.
  I also easily heard all this or seen it all.
  That's true.
  What a weird plan that you suddenly hatched.
  I think it's delightful.
  I know.
 I like this is, you know, I didn't have.
  Did you guys have liar friends growing up?  The kids who like Nintendo to is coming.
  I said on the podcast, I'd buy it pretty easily.
  I think if you'd taken it a little further,  I think you could have strung me on for like a little more of this episode,  but probably not for months and months.
 Yeah.
  But what do you think the emperor's kiss is like?  Does the emperor's kiss have a power in a snow white fashion to fix something?  Or is it something or is the protagonist of the ride a like poor girl?  I don't even want to say a place where where are their emperors?  Some like planes girl who wants the emperor's kiss and dreams of it.
  I think it would just be you would be the protagonist  and it would be like it would end with the the current  emperor, emperor, the current because there is still a lineage, right?  There is still like a ceremonial Japan.
  Yeah.
 Kissing you.
  There's not an emperor of Japan.
  There's a president of Japan.
  There is a president.
 Yeah.
  But I don't.
 Is there a figure of a queen?  Because the lineage didn't just die with your he to hold on.
  Let's find out if there's a real emperor in Japan.
  I think it's like even more ceremonial.
  But like there is an emperor, but he has no lips.
  OK, I guess Jason is right.
  The current emperor is Akahito.
  He acceded to the Chrysanthemum  throne upon the death of his father, Emperor Shoah in 1989.
  Sorry, what's the name again?  Akihito, Akahito, Akihito.
  So at the so there's an Akihito robot.
  I think you would welcome blow you a kiss and he welcomes you to Japan.
  So maybe this is like in the main street zone or whatever it's called.
  Their world bizarre or something.
  And it's like that takes the place of Lincoln.
  It's a it's a figure who's important to them.
  Oh, yeah, because Lincoln, they wouldn't have the they wouldn't have the context.
  Yeah.
 So in the opera house, there's a thing where the current emperor  that gives blows you a kiss.
 Right.
  Or I would hope that they would have the technology by now where you  the robot would actually touch your face with its mouth.
  Let me give you a real kiss.
  That seems awfully forward for the Japanese culture.
  Mm hmm.
 They still have.
  It's more of a proverbial kiss.
 OK.
  But you're thinking a few steps ahead to when this technology is perfected.
  Next time you go visit old mini.
 Yep.
  It's like lucky day.
  I've been saying they finally have blinking Mickey and Minnie.
  And now I want pursing lips Mickey and Minnie.
  Well, they purse.
 Well, they have to.
  That's how you do a kiss.
  Oh, thanks, Michael.
  I'm just saying it's great to have you learn to kiss from some book  that says like step one purse.
  Purse your lips.
 Purse your lips.
  Close your eyes and see they have both the elements you need.
  So now it's just yeah, now it's just a matter of the technology  catching up to these ideas.
  Contracts the lips back and forth.
  This is on on points with you  referring to Lindsay as your love and the whole room going, what?  It was kind of haunting.
  Oh, that's nice.
  Haunting is the phrase.
  She said she thought it was cute, but yes, she was caught off guard.
  Yeah, because I don't say that.
  Well, I was thinking of a fun way to say it.
  But yes, now I want either.
  You said it in a stressed tone is what I recall.
  Like she my girlfriend, my love, which I think that was what made it odd.
  Was that like the delivery like you like you said it in the way  where if you had a stressful day and you were running around everywhere  and then my love.
  I hope I didn't sound irritated, which is.
  Well, the point is that she understood.
  Yeah, she understood that that's just a stifled, emotional, motionless man  trying to show affection and a break it out, which is almost the sweetest thing.
  So she got that.
 Yeah.
  Which is it could be the sort of the journey of the Emperor's Kiss  ride that he's if you learn about him and learn that he's notoriously cross.
  But then like maybe like the right little girl gives him a present  and brightens his day or something.
  And now he's blowing a kiss to all of us as people.
  Yes, because he's thankful.
  He's thankful everyone is coming and visiting and once in  welcome to the country.
  And if you are one of my countrymen, welcome as well.
  I think now we've sort of we'll eventually do a full  Patreon episode on Emperor's Kiss.
  We'll build out the Emperor's Kiss.
  But we won't for a while because we've talked a little too much about it right now.
  And I thought it was a great way to break the ice.
  Second only.
 Oh, wow.
  Jason, well during heat of the sun melting the snow  of a failed ski resort.
  Blizzard Beach is today's topic, which the just the basic  point about it is it's one of the water parks in Walt Disney World.
  It is not Typhoon Lagoon, which has a big ship teetering atop a mountain.
  It is the one that is winter themed and that is supposed to be that all of the slides are  ice melting.
  And that's what's taking you down the hill.
  So if you're only the vaguest aware of these parks, that's that's what it is.
  The natural disaster that caused Blizzard Beach was a freak snowstorm.
  And the natural disaster that caused Typhoon Lagoon was a typhoon.
  So all of them, all the Disney part, all the Disney water parks caused by mayhem  and death.
 Yeah, weird.
  River Country, River Country USA, the late, late grade river, the original water park.
  I don't think that's an old swimming hole, old swimming hole filled with  disgusting bacteria because it was all freshwater.
  I guess all the water parks is like Volcano Bay now.
  That's an active volcano universal.
  So that's also a disaster.
  The thing all the theme parks are always discovering like mountains with problems  and like construction sites that are haunted or problematic  or old burial grounds.
  These days, all of them, Disney Universal, every one of them should have been more  careful picking these properties.
  Oh, yeah.
 Maybe surveyed it.
  Check to see if you have a volcano and like you didn't look to see if there was an old  ski resort from the one time that it snowed in Florida.
  Well, that's that's different.
  The Blizzard Beach.
 I hate to.
  This is a good I wanted to keep talking about this, but Blizzard Beach.
  They built it after the snowstorm.
  So Disney incorrectly thought, well, the snow is going to be in Florida forever.
  They built the whole ski lodge.
  Then the snow melted, which makes them look like fucking idiots.
  OK, they thought this is a new like this is this is a new phenomenon.
  This is a new like a source of business for us.
  We can build if it's snowing in Florida, we'll be the first to build a snow resort  or ski resort.
 And then it didn't.
  Yes.
 Keep snowing.
  And it melted.
 And that's why it's just like there's some snow there.
  Got it.
 OK.
 No, thanks for setting me straight on the table.
  People would be real mad if I hadn't done that.
  It's very important to know the Blizzard Beach backstory.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I do have the entire and by the way, we are discussing.
  Let me I'll break KFabe and say that.
  Yes, that this is not this isn't the real story.
  This is the imagineered backstory.
  Right.
 Because the real story is just they want to build a water park.
  And they wanted a water park.
  They had to already.
  Mm hmm.
 Yes, at the time.
  And River Country has been retired.
 Yeah.
  River Country to put you kind of closer to in the in the geography.
  River Country is closer to the Magic Kingdom.
  And then Blizzard Beach is like very far on the side pockets of Disney World,  as is Typhoon Lagoon.
  What it's kind of closer to Animal Kingdom.
  Yeah, it's in that zone.
  And it's by that Christmas miniature golf course.
  Yes.
 Winter Summerland, Winter Summerland built after.
  So that's what kind of it was sort of a way to extend the theme, I feel, of  a Blizzard Beach.
 Right.
  River Country closer to Bay Lake and the assorted bodies of water soon to become.
  Oh, yeah.
 Reflections, colon,  Disney's dashed lodge or whatever the hotel name is called.
  Yeah, there's some recent hotels announced.
  Yeah.
 Which, again, I don't it seems like they're going for like an upscale,  like a wooden spa kind of aesthetic.
  But it's like, just call it River Country Lodge.
  Like, get that nostalgia money.
  What are you doing?  I mean, nostalgia for diseases and typhoid and  staff infections.
  People don't remember all that.
  Does the year aches?  Yeah, all the new hotels don't seem like they're going to do a lot of nostalgia.
  It's all like a Clance classy ish.
  The other year.
 Yeah.
  There's no Horizons Lodge, no Horizons Lodge.
  There's no Maelstrom in.
  There's no I would love that.
  Sure.
 And like, yeah, various trolls around.
  And then you check in and where are we staying?  Oh, we're in the oil barracks.
  The wake up call is just back back.
  Don't go back to sleep.
  Man, that's a good idea.
  We have so many good ideas.
  We just throw them off, but they won't use.
  Yeah.
 But I don't know if they if Disney catches wind that these guys are just  giving away ideas for free, you know, they're going to rifle through and, you know,  they're going to have to do that.
  Yeah.
 All right.
  We got to start working on that.
  The I survived the Emperor's Kiss t-shirts immediately.
  So we copyrighted now in all the domains before the Emperor's Kiss dot J.
P.
  What's the Japanese?  Oh, yeah.
  OK, before they have Trump at the Hall of Presidents kissing you on the way out.
  Oh, no.
 Kim way.
  Who? Oh, sorry.
  Go ahead.
  Who went to Blizzard Beach here?  I did.
 The three.
 I went.
  You have been OK.
  It was kind of a brief stop.
  And I truly have no memories or stories to pull from it.
  Wait a minute.
 Oh, no, no, no.
  This was there.
  Not not Typhoon Lagoon.
  Oh, man.
 I'll just sell.
  I'll say it now.
  The the big the family raft ride.
  Yes.
  I went on with my dad and my younger sister who's like a little cagey, afraid,  more scaredy than me, if you can imagine that.
  And the the raft, I do remember it being pretty like hulking.
  It's it's giant and very tall, more so than most family raft rides.
  And everybody's kind of buckled in with those straps just against the edge  that you're holding on to.
 And she was maybe  she would show up.
  What a mean brother I am.
  I just we started going like where everybody's kind of strapping in.
  OK, ready.
 And then they pushed us off and then Kelly goes, I'm not ready.
  Freaks out.
  And then we go up the first like the first time they got to splashes up a curve.
  She gets the like high end of it.
  And it did go pretty far up in my memory.
  And it's one of the tallest vantage points  in all of Disney World that I remember, just the pure raw  like the most terrified scream.
  And then it became a problem.
  Like my dad was laughing at her for a little bit.
  And then and then he kicked in like, oh, wait, no, God, my daughter is  terrified for her life.
 I do need to deal with this.
  Did you enjoy it?  I did.
 And I'm still I look, we made it.
  She's fine.
 Everyone's fine.
  I it really makes me laugh.
  How terrified she was.
  Wow.
 She did not.
  I think that was the same vacation also, where we went on the what now is the flight  of the hippogriff and she grabbed my mom's breast in fear.
  Right.
  Just latched.
  She just like was grabbing anything  and just grabbed my mom's boob and squeezed it and was too young and oblivious  to know she was molesting my mom.
  So a lot of good stuff with my sister.
  What year is this? Probably, I don't know, 10 years ago.
  Yeah, pretty recent.
  I don't know.
  Flight of the hippogriff.
 How long has that been?  No, no, but it was it was the unicorn.
  Oh, oh, oh, this would have been 99 or so.
  Early in the violence of adventure run.
  And I think so I think is the only time I went to Blizzard Beach.
  Right.
 The only thing I remember is my sister thinking she was going to die.
  Oh, I also have an infamous family story at Blizzard Beach.
  I guess I'll just tell it now.
  Well, we were going to do the family raff ride and my brother chickened out halfway  up and I think for whatever reason we're like, oh, you have to have four to do it.
  Now when reading about it, they're like, oh, they would have just paired you  with another party of two or one to like fill out because the bigger rafts,  the minimum is four just to distribute the weight evenly.
  I remember if there was another people, if there were other people, I don't know.
  Well, whatever.
  But the real story is about how my father almost drowned at Blizzard Beach.
  So we were and this wasn't even one of the big slides.
  I can't even honestly looking through all  the maps and watching a bunch of YouTube ride throughs.
  I called him and we were trying to figure out what it was.
  And I think it was in like the teen, the fake teen training area where like  obstacle course and stuff, there was a smaller slide that emptied out into what  looked like a full sized pool and my whole family was going on.
  It was not very big and I would not have had my glasses on.
  And I've always been blind as a bat without glasses.
  But when we were like walking past this  pool to go up, I swore I like kind of hazily saw I was like,  does that say ten feet, like ten feet deep pool?  But I was like, oh, I don't know.
  I don't have my glass.
 I didn't say anything.
  So my mom and brother went down first and it was again, we were not that high up.
  It was pretty much just straight down into this pool.
  And my dad yells down like how like I forget whether it was.
  How was it or how deep was it?  Because I think by that point, we started talking about like,  what are we expecting when we hit the water?  Because some of these slides, you hit the water and there's either like the speed  stop or you just go into a three foot pool.
  And my mom, I don't know if she just didn't hear or what, just went, it's good.
  It's OK.
  And I kind of braced myself going down because I thought like, oh, this is this  might be deep.
 And sure enough, I was right,  but it still caught me off guard when I hit like and did not hit bottom.
  And so then I just like quickly swam to the side.
  My dad went in and  was also surprised that it was deep, but he swam straight ahead the length of a pool.
  And so he was like, well, at this point, halfway through, he's like,  I surely can stand up now.
  And he went to stand and did not hit the  ground and kind of like lost his balance and like surprised, sucked in water.
  So then he's like trying to gain back his balance.
  And we're all just watching this like, oh, my God.
  And a lifeguard jumped in immediately and and pulled him to the side.
  And what he told me when I talked to him, he's like, well, the worst of it was when  they got me out of the water, I was like coughing, like just trying to get my  breath back and coffee was fine, but the lifeguard was just screaming out.
  I'm like, sir, are you OK?  Are you all right? Like clearly like needed the OK.
  Oh, so for liability needed to hear my dad say, yes, I am OK so that we didn't  press charges or anything.
 And so like it was it was it all worked out fine.
  My memory is that then the lifeguard came back.
  And gave him a shovel and a bucket and said, stick to the beach.
  Oh, really?  My dad, my dad did not remember that.
  So I potentially feel that in my head.
  But like he was just clearly miserable for like the next couple, because like he  went over my mom, he was like, that was OK, Lois.
  That was I asked you.
  She's like, I thought it seemed like OK.
  And when I was texting him about it, he said that was the second time she tried  to get rid of me at Disney World.
  The other.
 Yes, the other.
  And I think I told this early on  was they were in those little putt putt boats you can rent at Bay Lake.
  Yeah.
 And my dad ran out of gas in the middle.
  Oh, yeah, you said that.
  I think and she's like, I'll go back to the dock and get the guy.
  And then my dad was just bobbing around  out there as one of the transport  boats were coming right at him.
  And thankfully, like they saw it.
  And the wash from the boat washed him into the like slowly  shored, like washed him into the rocks.
  He's multiple stories of water, multiple stories of water danger.
  Yeah.
  All right.
 So your dad should stay away from the water.
  Yes.
  Stick to the beach.
  Stick to the beach, which again, I could have filled that into my head.
  It's a pretty good line, though, for you to make up.
  Doesn't it seem like too much of an own for like a Disney cast member to say that?  But why would you have that memory?  It wasn't there.
 I don't know, because I swear.
  I swear.
  Because then later I feel like I feel like I also have a memory of us going like,  we're not taking a bucket and a shovel back on the plate.
  Like, what are we going to do with this?  And it was delivered as an insult.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  You could have.
  I mean, your memory, it could have been like  the guy thought he was being funny and he came over and he goes, hey, stick to the  beach.
 And he said it like that.
  And he was trying to be like pleasant.
  I think that's what it was.
  That is kind of my memory.
  Are you like rerouted in your brain from some like  spring break movie or from like Hot Dog, the movie or something?  That is my thing for like the asshole lifeguard.
  Who has the base to say to the nerd.
  It is entirely like a what was it?  The Kazam.
  People thought there was a movie called Shazam.
  Or people thought there was a movie called Shazam.
  No, it was Shazam.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But people know it was Kazam.
  It was Kazam.
  But right.
  The real movie is Kazam.
  Yeah.
  The fake movie.
  The imagined movie is Shazam.
  Yeah.
 So I could have gotten some wires crossed in my brain.
  Right.
  Yeah.
 You carted that over.
  Yeah.
  Also, if the person who messaged us to say, I repeated a story once or twice in  the past, said I was said that little guy is annoying to them, I say what?  Someone messaged someone DM us.
  Who's called me a little guy and said I was annoying.
  That person is hearing this, which would be insane.
  They're paying for more because they said they stopped listening.
  Eat my whole ass.
  Then take a long walk off a short pier.
  And what else?  This is your chance to give them an item.
  Oh, do it.
  Do it.
 Stick to the beaches, asshole.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You showed them.
  You finally put that line in the right the right context.
  Yeah.
  Why would somebody do that?  I don't know.
  I don't.
  Also, like it was a Twitter account with no tweets.
  So I'm like, did they register this just to DM people mean things?  I think I can't even find this.
  Did I say whenever I found one of our rare one star review?  Rare.
 Proud to say rare one star reviews.
  But one of them was almost entirely just one star reviews of podcasts.
  Yeah.
  Between Hollywood Handbook and Amy Schumer's podcast or something.
  He just like spit like all and you see the date.
  See, so on certain days he just all right, I'm going to get through nine today.
  That's that is nice, too.
  This content does matter.
  Check, you know, see who are these people who are these people?  If it was like they were giving five stars to everything and then we got one,  we would feel bad.
 Yeah.
  And if it was like, well thought out and like really picked apart our insecurities,  then yes.
  My mom, my mom told me that on the Snow White episode,  she thought it was Mr.
  Toad where I said the line, my eyes are shut too tight.
  Interesting.
 I said, I and she goes, I don't even think we went on so I go.
  No, that is you.
 Your memory is wrong.
  We were for sure on Snow White.
  I remember the witch.
  And she's like, I don't know.
  So I in any theme park issue, I trust us more than our parents.
  I think so.
  We were more invested than I guess.
  They were adults.
  Yes.
 But we were absorbing the only things we remember from childhood.
  You fair.
 That is potentially my good have been clouded by how by the stress levels  when I would just stress myself out of like, we're not going to get everything done.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We're not going to rewrite everything to that end.
  I think that is one thing.
  These are I would say this.
  I'd say Blizzard Beach and Typhoon Lagoon are very superior water parks,  excellent water parks, but you really, you know, for us in California or for P.
  I feel like if you're doing the Disney World's,  if you're doing the Disney World trip and you don't want to do 21 days,  it's pretty hard to find you, which you might.
  That's on the table.
  But it is hard to jam in the water parks.
  My parents, we do it to a speed where we could.
  We did want to do the water parks.
  I think I probably wanted to.
  But it almost never enters the conversation.
  People write us with advice or whatever, bring it up casually conversationally.
  I don't think I've ever heard you guys say, and you got to take a little time  for the water park.
 Well, granted, we're in our 30s.
  You might say I have a different answer for somebody with kids.
  But well, my answer about if I went as a child, no, I was not allowed to.
  Wow.
 My mom felt that these were dangerous places.
  She was terrified of me going to water parks.
  Friends would invite me when I was 14, 15 to their birthday at local water parks.
  I was not allowed to go.
  Well, now that we had to make up, I had to make up an excuse why I could not go.
  Are any you think any friends are listening who are putting it together now?  Nope.
 OK, none of them are listening.
  They might not know.
  I got no elementary school audience.
  I have friends from elementary school that I still talk to.
  But there's no I don't think they're paying us five dollars a month for this.
  Or if we're not doing it, we have the list a little more with these.
  And if you ever saw a name that you knew, it jumped out.
  Oh, yeah.
 Especially because often that was the name of our wife or the dad.
  Funny enough, actually, now that you say this, I believe maybe a guy I went  to elementary school did subscribe to the podcast today.
  Oh, today.
 Hold on.
 Hold on.
  Let me look.
 This is funny now that you bring this up.
  Oh, wow.
 What a rare opportunity to think David Meske,  I believe, is the David Meske I went to elementary school.
  Shout out to David Meske.
 Thank you for your support.
  So if you are indeed the same David, I know.
 Thank you.
  But also correct us if you're not.
  But if you are, now you know, Mike and Mike's mom were lying to you.
  Yeah, I don't think this was a water park birthday of his.
  OK, OK.
 Specifically, a guy named Brian.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Maybe I lied.
  Every person you went to school with had a water park birthday.
  Maybe I lied to David.
 I don't know.
  I can't remember.
  My mom made if I did lie to you, David, my mom made me do it.
  So to protect me.
  Now, were you upset or were you possibly happy to like not have to brave like a  really especially scary one?  I think my mom had put a lot of fear into me in general.
  So I was always a little nervous and scared about everything.
  But I was upset.
  I think I was mostly upset.
  My mom at a certain point was like, all right, no more toys that shoot missiles.
  Like toys that shoot like spring loaded, like, you know, cyclops shoots,  optic blast kind of missiles.
  And even as a kid, I was like, this is insane because I've been buying these for  years.
 Like I was like, but I already we have a room full of toys that shoot  projectiles.
 And she's like, yeah, but I don't want any more.
  And I'm like, what?  And what you probably meant was I don't want any more clutter.
  But I think she saw something on the news of literally a you'll shoot your eye out  moment.
 So she was worried about that.
  Yes.
 But it's also like, well, they weren't that powerful.
  They were not that powerful.
  And and we weren't even we were pretty gentle young men.
  We were pretty bookish boys.
  So like we weren't exactly like, all right, now put it in front of my face and shoot  me in the face with that with the G.
I.
 Joe headquarters exploding missile.
  Yeah.
  I my mom, I don't know, I guess she didn't care about that.
  But there were plenty of other things that she worried about for no reason.
  But anyway, so the first time I went to  Blizzard Beach was last March in my infamous Disney World Trip, which I don't  even think we talked about because we were you know, you can't talk about old trip  on and whatever we did two and a half hours.
  And it was mainly about the meal and mostly about just the meal.
  How many rolls you got?  I don't think I realized you went.
  And I did.
  Yeah, we did.
  We spent half a day and probably maybe closer to four hours.
  But when Lindsey and I went to Disney World together first, the first time in  like 2014 before we went, my mom said to me, don't go to any of those water parks.
  What she still got in my head that first trip we took.
  And then this time, I don't know if I warned her ahead of time or I said,  I'm not even going to bother.
  I'm going we're going to Blizzard Beach.
  I never went to Blizzard Beach before.
  You're going to go here.
  So finally, do you have is this is there other area, other things you like  you where your mom appears to you over your shoulder and.
  Yeah, constantly.
  Huh? Yeah, it's constant.
  Yeah.
  Hmm.
  I don't need to put you on the spot and make you produce one.
  But if you have one, I'm trying to think.
  Hmm.
  Yeah, that's a good question.
  I a lot of them, I have a sandwich you  don't eat because she like squeezed one once and like flipped on mustard.
  Yeah, I'm trying to I've rooted out.
  I think I've rooted out a lot of the fears,  but I think there's just still a general like if it's dark out,  I'm suspicious of everyone on the street.
  There's like I mean, this is sort of a common one, but it's just like  you got to get inside as quickly as possible.
  You will be murdered if you're outside when it's dark.
  There's sort of a general feeling that's not completely specific.
  You shouldn't have that in your head.
  But I do know that recently there was a scenario where someone wanted to murder  your dog and that someone was a coyote.
 Sure.
  To be fair, not not a dog murdering maniac man.
  But like, I don't know, maybe that frame  of mind made you put you more in the state to save Edwin.
  And but you got to keep your head in a swivel.
  You know, that's what you didn't say that in those words.
  But I'll think of another one.
  I'll think of some other ones that I'm trying to remember.
  My mom told me that if I ever as soon as I open a dirty book, I'll never be able  to look at a clean one again.
 Whoa.
  What do you mean by that?  I think it was in reference to not wanting me to read Mad Magazine.
  Whoa.
  Which my dad, this was a lot of the push and pull with my parents.
  My dad loved Mad Magazine, still does.
  He will just say, hey, check it out.
  And he bought one at the market because it struck him funny.
  And it'll be, you know,  like, I guess whether it's Trump or whether it's  you would even Trump, like Trump with an Alfred E.
  Newman face, he's like, look at this.
  He like stood the basic sight of Alfred E.
  Newman's head over, you know, a sub-regulars body.
  But like, but also, like, wouldn't let me watch Beavis and Butthead.
  But then my dad wanted to watch Beavis and Butthead.
  So he'd like sneak me in to do so with the finger on the remote.
  Like, soon as she comes in, I'm changing this thing.
  So is she still mad at like Mad Magazine?  Yeah, she's still kind of like, like, we shouldn't have.
  And I'm like, I'm a professional comedy writer.
  I don't think you have to be worried about that.
  It was probably a very good thing that this happened.
  I find.
 And also the other story I tell all the time is when I  when I finished my first movie that I'd ever met, there were jokes about  masturbating or something in it.
  And then she said, what would Father Loftus think if you saw this?  I'm like, I don't think it's mom.
  It's not for Father Loftus.
  So like, there's a lot of overprotective mom here in the group.
  But she was ready.
 I never could look at a clean book again.
  My mind was ravaged.
  Yeah.
 Now I got a podcast where I say crap and damn and I don't give a crap or a damn about it.
  Oh, and she would be horrified of the things you're going to say about ice skater.
  I'm going to tear into that crap ass ice skater.
  So dirty.
  But I was the you said dirty book and I was I the Mad Magazine is very funny  because it's so harmless.
  Didn't mean pornography.
 She meant Mad Magazine.
  Yeah, I mean, I was thinking for an hour like, do you know Tijuana Bibles?  No, those are like those were very popular  at a certain point when like comic strips were at their height.
  So it would be like Popeye nail in olive oil.
  It would be like dirty, dirty comic strips.
  Those are actually dirty.
 Mad Magazine is so tame.
  Yeah.
 No one is not nailing anyone.
  It would be like you'd call Batman Bland Man.
  Yeah.
 Like it's so nothing.
  Yeah.
 I never got into Mad, but my mom didn't.
  She did not have a problem.
  I think she did buy me a Mad or two.
  It's never too late.
  It's a while.
 Check it out.
  But Archie, they make less of the issues now, but you can still go buy them.
  And sure.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Get on Mad.
  So you're not under your mom's spell anymore.
  Only partially.
 That's not what she thinks.
  That's not how she operates.
  So we went I defied her in 2018 and we went to Blizzard Beach.
  And I was 34 years old.
  And I finally made it to Blizzard Beach,  which because that I was so enamored with the pictures when it opened.
  And I finally was allowed to go.
  And I liked it.
  And luckily that Blizzard Beach is what I'm sure we'll talk about is stuck in the  90s, baby, more so than almost any other.
  I mean, maybe I've got stuck in the 80s or whatever.
  But yeah, well, I associate this park with the Disney decade kind of about to  crest and crash like I because  if you don't know this whole thing that Eisner declared in 1990,  it's the Disney decade.
  We're going to build so much shit in every one of these parks.
  And by the end of 2000, you won't believe how much we did, which is true because  they did Animal Kingdom and by the multiple, multiple days they were expanding  Disneyland a lot, but it really slowed down in the second half.
  And it really peaked in 1995 when it was in the early 90s.
  There was so much added to Disney World.
  And I remember this making me think, God, you're kidding.
  And there's a new water park.
  I think I hadn't heard the lead up.
  I maybe just like went and saw there's another water park.
  That's crazy.
  It just seemed like, God, they have like they're going so nuts here.
  And then it kind of stopped sort of right after this.
  So I do associate Blizzard Beach with like end of an era in a way.
  And a lot of those very 90s things were not updated for a very long time.
  Like Ellen's energy adventure, like  in a venture's right, a lot of what happened in that very mid 90s.
  I feel like the spending freeze came not long after that.
  Yes.
  And it feels very much like another thing right around this time.
  A big disagreement we had the 1996 Disney World anniversary cake castle.
  Oh, yeah.
  Which I think looks very corny.
  And I think Blizzard Beach is a little corny as well.
  It's a little.
  If I had to go to one today, I'd go to Typhoon Lagoon because it's a little more  lush in the theming.
 I think Blizzard Beach is a little more blunt.
  Here's a big wall.
  There's a big, like, just flat surface of fake snow.
  Well, this type of thing, I don't think ages as well.
  Like it comes out of the gate hot.
  But then what else do you do with Blizzard Beach?  Yeah.
 But I mean, I guess I just mean even like more of a style.
  Like the fake snow doesn't age well.
  Like a like fake rocks age wonderfully.
  Fake snow, not so much.
  I feel like it's still it looks a little bit more tired.
  Not that it looks not that it was like that tired or anything when we went in  2018, but it was like you can tell that this it just feels older.
  It feels tired.
  It feels like the color scheme.
  Also, I think I described in another episode is like a wild berry pop tart.
  Like it's just blue, bright blues and purples, which I like.
  But it's also stuck in time.
  By the way, I don't mean to sound negative.
  I do.
 I do like all this and I'd happily go to Blizzard Beach.
  Yeah, I like something about it is very frozen in time.
  The village, the little houses and stuff.
  I remember, look, water parks aren't traditionally known for their food.
  But I remember like one year I think we did go to both and going like, oh,  the food's a lot better at Blizzard Beach.
  Now it seems like it's kind of a whole lot of nothing.
  Yeah, we I mean, I the problem with  my memory now is that we didn't have our phones because they were in a locker.
  So I don't have great pictures of everything we ate at Blizzard Beach,  which wasn't much, but I'm trying to remember it was nothing special of  I think probably right after my dad  recovering from swallowing a gallon of pool water, going and eating a big  meatball sub, so I bounce back from that drama pretty quickly,  which I was reading reviews of Blizzard Beach stuff from a few years ago.
  And they're like, yeah.
  And then at this place, you can get like a jerk chicken sandwich,  which is pretty good.
  They also have meatball subs and I'm like, they still have the meatballs.
  That's crazy to me.
  Now it seems like it's all been replaced by cold deli sandwiches and hamburgers.
  Yeah, which sort of in similar to also sort of product of the 90s Disney Quest.
  It like went down, like the food was a little more unique when it opened  and then got sort of like, well, let's have food at all.
  How about that's the bar?  Is that though apparently there are many donuts are decent.
  That's what everyone says.
  We did not have those white chocolate and raspberry dipping sauce at both parts.
  Typhoon Lagoon, they have those two and apparently very good.
  Well, then this isn't unique to.
  Well, screw that then.
  Well, and also available at both parks is the the sandpail.
  Did you guys come across the sandpail?  No, the sandpail is a childhood play bucket filled with ice cream  and served with a shovel.
  And that's not what they that lifeguard threw at your dad.
  That is not what.
 No.
  The star of the show at Icee Expeditions is the sandpail.
  You get a bucket filled with chocolate  and vanilla soft serve, top of waffle cone pieces, cookie pieces, sprinkles,  hot fudge, caramel sauce, strawberry sauce, whipped cream and a cherry.
  Delightful.
  Delightful.
  Very nice picture, too.
  Bucket of ice cream.
  You did have I wish I had I wish I had documented this better.
  I feel like my mindset wasn't as much of the theme park journalist last March as  it is now.
 So I feel like I would have made sure to document the names of everything  I got because I did drink at Blizzard Beach.
  Oh, you can get like you can get frozen cocktail stuff at Blizzard Beach.
  With funny names like the slides.
  I'm trying to remember if we should look.
  I couldn't find the names of.
  Oh, shit.
  I started playing the music of Eric Blas Zach at Disney's Blizzard Beach YouTube  channel.
 What's that?  It's the like ambient music, which I guess now that I'm playing it,  I'll just play it for you.
  I guess I'll play it.
  Let's let the audience in on it.
  Walk around music.
  I did like the sound of that.
  I was going to say I was saving this for later because it's like this is a Scott  fever dream.
 Here we go.
  Wait a minute, it picks up.
  I think it does.
  That was the fixer.
  There it is.
  Now we're rocking.
  See, I don't know.
  That to me, that's like a midi to me.
  Yeah, I guess you're right.
  It's not a synth beat.
  It's not the better, I feel bad  because you named the man who did it,  but it's no Larry Carle and Bubble Shuffle.
  That's a little cheese ball,  and that was like Mario Paint music.
  That, I like the Mario Paint music.
  There would be a masterpiece if you made that in Mario Paint.
  Yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah.
  Yeah, I still like, no, it's not as good  as the Tomorrowland loops or anything, for sure.
  I also like imagining like when they would have made that,  how souped up the computer at the time would have been,  like just to get that sound,  and how we'd hear about that,  and it's like, oh, one gigabyte of memory, fuck off.
  Like garbage.
  Whatever gateway computer they used.
  All right, I was trying to figure out  if we could figure out the cocktail names.
  I'll look them up.
  We'll see when we find it.
  So how did it land, the park land  next to how you'd built it up?  Do you regret not going as a child?  Yeah, yeah, I would have loved it as a child.
  I did really like it.
  We just had limited time there.
  I forget how many days we did that trip, seven maybe?  So we were trying to do something,  well, seven total with Universal as well.
  Oh, that's a lot, yeah, yeah.
  So it's a lot, and, oh no, was it eight?  It might have been eight, I can't remember.
  That's something my dad remembered.
  He's like, yeah, we would occasionally go to the water parks  if we were down there for more than five days,  but it just seemed like too much to cram into  with the Disney, four Disney parks,  because Animal Kingdom would have just opened  around the time of Blizzard Beach.
  And if you were gonna pop over to Universal for a day,  we didn't start staying until well into the 2000s  staying on site at Universal for part of the trip.
  Well, I think it's a, I think the water parks in general  are more for, that makes sense,  that you might have gone more often  because you're on the East Coast.
  I think if you're in Florida or Georgia  and you go to Disney World once or twice a year,  sure do water parks.
  Tougher for me, coming from California,  and my parents, we'd probably tie it into another trip,  like we'd drive up the coast and see other stuff.
  So hard to fit water parks, although we did in 1999, so.
  I mean, I think, yeah, once-  And I loved Typhoon Lagoon also, Grunt.
  Like we did, I think we spent a pretty significant day  at Typhoon Lagoon.
  I went there twice and I loved that.
  When the three of us go to Orlando  in the next nine to 12 months,  we will do some water park,  because I haven't been to Typhoon Lagoon.
  Or if I ever, oh man, that's a weird memory.
  Have I ever been to Typhoon Lagoon?  Wow.
 I think I have.
  Typhoon Lagoon? I think I went there,  I think I went when I was 18,  and my mom was not as worried about that  because it didn't have,  my mom really thought that that slide  at the top of Blizzard Beach I think was real.
  I think this is where it starts.
  I think the drop slide  where it looks like you're gonna shoot off,  I think she thought that was real.
  It's kind of like a fake ramp.
  Yes.
  As if you're gonna shoot off skis  and get air time, the kind of thing Goofy would go,  wah-ha-ha-hoey, that's my mellow,  I'm only half committing to the Goofy.
  That's fair.
  This is Summit Plummet.
  Summit Plummet is what we're talking about.
  The main attraction in Blizzard Beach.
  I never did, I have very,  very strong boundaries with watered slides.
  If it's tube-based, I am fine.
  I do not like the ones that are like  almost 90 degrees straight.
  I do not like the speed slides.
  I don't either, and I will,  I mean that's no surprise I guess to anybody,  but I really, I understand the kinds of coasters  and drop rides that I don't really go on.
  These I don't really see the appeal of.
  I feel like you can get hurt very easily,  you can get skinned very easily.
  Ooh.
  I imagine, I don't know.
  I agree with both of those sentiments.
  I've never been on one of these giant drop slides,  but I will pledge to the two of you,  if we all go to Blizzard Beach,  I will go on the Summit Plummet.
  I will try it, but I've never gone on one of these  crazy things before because they scare me.
  I hear the wait times are also awful for it.
  All right, well if there's a person we can find  that works at Blizzard Beach that will let us cut the line,  Jason and I have both apparently pledged.
  But my memories of the other rides  at Blizzard Beach, and this can lead us in  because we kind of got sidetracked with personal anecdotes  into the kayfabe story of Blizzard Beach.
  But a lot of the slides at Blizzard Beach  were mat-based or racing-based,  which I thought was fun as a kid.
  Yes, that is a fun element.
  Which apparently, here to do the regular story,  apparently when Disney had, this part was very,  like came out of market research,  we have two water parks,  but we want to relieve pressure on them.
  We want to get them a little less crowded.
  And what can we do if we built a new one  that the other ones don't have?  And competitive slides was a big one.
  And I think there was a desire to do a little,  to make it very different and do a very different theme.
  I think it was being plotted when the 1992  Winter Olympics were going on.
  So an engineer was watching the Olympics and went,  oh my God, there it is, winter in Florida.
  But that was not the full story,  which is a lot of fun.
  I like the full.
  The full story is a blast and features  one of my favorite park-exclusive characters.
  Which is?  The ice skater.
  The ice skater.
  He's real, he's my friend.
  Okay, well let's tell the story  in order to give the context to ice skater.
  I have in front of me, but I'm not dying  to just read the story.
  But here, let's just cliff notes and stop me  at whatever part you want to say.
  One balmy day, a freak winter storm developed  over the western end of Walt Disney World  and covered the area in a thick blanket  of powdery white snow.
  Before you could say hot cocoa,  plans were underway for Florida's first ski resort.
  So sudden freak snowstorm out of nowhere  in Florida, why?  We gotta capitalize on it.
  Ski lifts were put up.
  Toboggan runs were laid down.
  And an entire resort area blossomed  around the mountain of snow.
  But before the first skier could strap on a pair of boots,  the temperatures returned to their normal Florida levels  and the powdery snow quickly turned into slippery slush.
  So as you said, water melting,  the snow did not work out.
  They were going to have to foreclose this entire thing  or it'll get filled up with vultures  like the zoo at Disney World.
  But before you knew it,  it doesn't say this,  but I imagine the wrecking balls are coming.
  They're going to start tearing it down.
  They start swinging the first wrecking ball back.
  And then what do they hear?  Jason, do you want to take it from here?  Tell the tale of your beloved.
  Well, they hear,  I do not have that exact-  You don't?  They hear like a wahoo, right?  Like they hear the cheers-  A wahoo as Goofy would do.
  Yeah, and coming, careening down the mountain  is an alligator with skis who crashes  right into the main building of the little village.
  Leaving a gator sized hole complete with skis  right in the logs.
  And now, wait a minute, what's all this about?  First of all, this critter's been living here  and we didn't know about it.
  And secondly, I see now the fun can be  that as it all melts away for decades and decades  and decades, apparently.
  Yeah, it all very slowly melts away  and people can ride all the slides down the base  of the hill.
  And that is, it is not a ski resort, it's a water park.
  Right.
  Is it, is the actual narrative of the land  that were sort of stuck in the maybe month period  after the thaw?  Oh, maybe that, yeah.
  Well, which is why it still feels like the 90s.
  Yeah, so you can't update it.
  And that's why the snowman tourists taking a picture  having fun at the park entrance.
  That's adorable.
  What you're showing is like a very rotund snowman family  with some like hats and dresses and shirts  and cameras.
  And it's kind of, you can't really see it  but I saw a video, it's kind of a fountain  as if to imply they're melting.
  That's a little more macabre.
  The family is dying.
  We're watching this cute family die with,  and including a little boy snowman with mouse ears  that says Button.
  His name is Button.
  These are, you talk about obscure park characters,  some of the most obscure ever part of Blizzard Beach.
  Button the snowman, though I'm immediately fond of him  and I hope we stay in this month forever  and that he never dies.
  But that being said, Ice Gator who kicked it all off.
  Now he hangs around and stays in Blizzard Beach  and there's a walk around of him  and he exists on merch and everything.
  And I agree, I think he's fun.
  And I like that there's a character  for only this one water park, that's delightful.
  But I'm curious Jason, for you to flesh out  what is the reason to love Ice Gator?  I just like that he's smiling all the time.
  He's having the time of his life.
  I do like that color, blue has always been my favorite color.
  So I like that color.
  Blue alligator, yeah, that's fun.
  I also like that he has a counterpart at Typhoon Lagoon.
  The much less interesting name of Lagoonigator,  which I'm assuming would have had to come  after Ice Gator, right?  Like they must have reconned Lagoonigator.
  That's a good question.
  You know, merch was really good out the gate.
  So they wanted to bring that to a.
.
.
  Very good, the Lagoonigator, well, the Ice Gator  and to a lesser extent, the Lagoonigator Park Stars  are good little vinyl toys.
  There was a Lagoonigator Park Star?  I believe so, yeah.
  Really?  Do I not have you?  No, I think you have it.
  Oh no.
  But the Ice Gator one looks great.
  You gotta have Ice Gator for sure.
  Lagoonigator Park Star.
  Your mom told you if there's a second alligator Park Star,  do not buy it, it's wasteful.
  Oh, you're right.
  Oh, I didn't even realize that was Lagoonigator.
  I think I had thought that that was part of Blizzard Beach,  but you're right, I have Lagoonigator, the Park Star.
  Yeah.
  You have a toy of this and you had no idea.
  Gee whiz, Michael.
  Wow, what a life.
  Now, in addition to Ice Gator's general existence  in the park, you can also visit his home,  which is along the Lazy River path.
  Do you know this?  Okay, so yeah, along the Lazy River, there's a cabin,  and evidently it's where Ice Gator lives.
  Oh yeah.
  And I think you typically, if you pass by,  can hear him snoring.
  He's taking a nap in there, but every once in a while,  there is a, he winds up for a sneeze,  and then the chimney of the cabin blows its top,  and a bunch of water shoots out with a huge achoo,  and sprays all over you, passing by in the Lazy River.
  I wish they did that for Mike Fink's cabin  on the Rivers of America.
  That Mike Fink would sneeze?  Yeah, Mike Fink would sneeze and water would shoot out.
  Well again, let's add it to the list  of what we want the articulated  Disney-suited characters to do.
  Like what an honor if Donald sneezed at you.
  Mm-hmm.
  With an actual wet sneeze.
  Yeah, that would be great.
  And like Donald, his can smell like breadcrumbs.
  Mike Fink's can smell like a fatback in Hardtack.
  Like let's get some sense in there too.
  The smellerizer.
  The sneezing.
  Yeah.
  The most time we spent was in the Lazy River.
  I love the Lazy River.
  I'm a big fan, absolutely.
  So we went by Ice Gator's house a few times,  and he sneezed on us multiple times.
  What a blast.
  What an honor and a blast.
  That's really odd to present.
  Yeah, that you're getting snot on you?  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Alligator snot?  Alligator snot.
  Well, yeah, Maggie, on Simpson's ride,  she, what does she sneeze on you?  That smells like baby powder.
  She puts you in her mouth.
  Yeah, but doesn't somebody sneeze on you?  Or I'm thinking of Honey I Shrunk the audience.
  I think there's a dog or something.
  The dog sneezes, yeah.
  The dog sneezes, that's right.
  The thing is about Maggie too,  the Simpsons are anti-vaxxers.
  No.
  So when you end up in Maggie's mouth.
  Oh man.
  Get ready for shingles.
  You've had the chickenpox, right?  I have, yeah.
  Okay, so it's shingles for you then.
  It's a vaccine though.
  You moved down the list.
  There is a vaccine, yeah.
  It's a shingles vaccine.
  I also, I have a, I don't know where I got this,  but in my Ice Gator list of notes,  it says Ice Gator has an unnamed niece.
  Why do I know that?  Where is that?  Why would he have a, why a niece?  Does she walk around too?  I feel like there was a female Ice Gator maybe.
  In my head, I can kind of picture.
  So if there was a female, and was she little?  Yeah, she might've been a littler.
  So it's his niece.
  It's his niece.
  Where's her parents?  He's like a mountain bug.
  He's like the beach bums that spring up  in like Big Bear or Mammoth.
  Oh, and you don't want that guy raising a kid.
  He was up early.
  Yeah, but you let the kids visit and have a little fun.
  But he's taking a nap,  because the pallet is freshest in the morning  when it's still a little chilly.
  Yeah, he woke up super early.
  Yeah, yeah, takes a nap, chills out through the night.
  Here's what I was imagining also with Ice Gator.
  And again, I hope with this podcast,  can always do a service, shining a light on that.
  There is a Disney, there's this fandom for Disney properties  that you don't even know about,  and that they don't even realize have a following.
  And with their incredible hunger  for getting things out of their IP,  I would like to see the Dumbo style,  the pseudo live action Ice Gator film  within the next five years.
  Tim Burton directed?  Sure, I was gonna say,  well, he's gonna get a taste for it  after the mega success of Dumbo.
  So they'll wanna sign him up ASAP.
  I will accept the John Favreau, but if Tim is available,  let's see if he can do it.
  But I was imagining the, I mean, like, you know,  look, Dumbo's a pretty thin plot.
  Dumbo's a very short movie.
  Very short, yeah.
  With human characters, they're fleshing that out  into a much bigger thing.
  Can you tell the 90-minute story of the Gator  who wants to race a melting ice slope down a hill  and crash into a wall?  I think we can pad that out.
 Sure, yeah.
  I think that could be a bigger thing.
  And I wrote down just the,  the rest of it doesn't matter,  but for sure, the trailer with the beat  of like a little British girl saying,  you're different, you were meant for more than this.
  And then like an Imagine Dragons song, like a B-rate,  like something they, like it's something  they wouldn't put on an album.
  And Imagine Dragons demo then plays this summer.
  Dream of ice.
 Reverb the drums,  the reverb cranked all the way up on the drums  and there's like a timpani or something.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Not timpani.
 I think we get Ryan Reynolds  to do that ski and alligator beach bum voice.
  Oh no, Ryan Reynolds.
  Inspired by Detective Pikachu,  Disney's like, well, we want a Ryan Reynolds voice.
  You're right.
 He's a wisecracker.
  He's not an inspiring like Dumbo.
  But I think there's something inspiring beats.
  I think he's like wisecracking.
  And then he knows that like,  not everything's a joke ice skater.
  What are we gonna do now that the mountain closed?  Well, and he probably can be concerned.
  He's having a blast of a winter in summer.
  But then when he sees his snowmen friends,  his snowman friend, Button, he needs to say Button.
  Button, the melting snowman is the heart of the story.
  Yes.
 I mean, it's called ice skater,  but the heart of our tale is Button the snowman.
  Because ice skater grew a fond of him and wants to,  you know, wants to see him around next summer winter.
  I'm getting him by pitch mode.
  Scott doing his executive dipshit voice.
  You have to talk down to them like little children.
  But the heart of the story, really?  And yeah, we'll sell a little bit of Button merch.
  I think we will.
  Oh, and if you're wondering, yeah, we got Tremblay.
  Tremblay, Jacob Tremblay's on board, folks.
  He's gonna be the voice of Button.
  The only pitch I have for this is that Olaf is in it.
  Oh, yeah.
  Do you advertise it or is he a big surprise?  I think maybe, here's what you do.
  There's one teaser trailer without him  and the sad people just to whet people's appetite.
  And then the second one.
  It's the Chewy were home moments.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Like Olaf's here.
  I'm in it too.
  We can bake.
  What?  He's high?  Yeah, they're all, I mean, ice skater definitely.
  You're not, you're never gonna make it  in the world of Hollywood.
  This is actually where it's gonna go off the rails  because ice skater in real life is always with Jimmy Buffett  doing those PSAs to try and get marijuana legalized  in Florida to party.
  But they're gonna have to rein him in on the press tour.
  So.
  Buffett in the movie would be.
  Yeah, Buffett's in the movie.
  Original song for the movie, absolutely, 100%.
  Ice is nice.
  Yeah.
  Ice is nice.
  And that same, you could save the work,  that guy who did the Blizzard Beach music you were playing  and just like crank out a MIDI.
  Jimmy can sing over it.
  I don't know, that's a little bit sophisticated  for a Jimmy Buffett arrangement.
  So I'm not sure.
  It's too robust of orchestration.
  Yeah, you might not be comfortable with that.
  I mean, this is all.
  It's all great.
  I'm big on this.
  But here's, you know, also while we're  in the ice skater territory,  and I assumed that the episode would be mostly ice skater.
  When you, the sad fact is when I was digging  for ice skater info, when you Google Disney World alligator,  you find the terrible story.
  That happened a couple years ago.
  That may be the one problem with this movie  is that like Disney not touching anything alligator related  for at least a decade.
  Potentially, and understandably,  because a couple of years ago, horribly tragically,  a toddler died in the lake outside of the Grand Floridian.
  In the lake we have all.
  Everyone.
  And we were all encouraged to swim in.
  We all have pictures of it.
  The country was connected to.
  So yeah, they maybe want to shy away from fun, love and gators,  especially in like communal water sports areas.
  But here's the odd thing is that I forgot about this,  that one of the strange pieces of fallout of the incident  was that Disney World for a little while  started straying away from gator references  in the parks at all.
  Yes.
  And I watched a video and I read an article  about what would that have even meant?  Does that mean ice gator?  And in fact, the gators or crocodiles  that were in question are the,  they didn't take it out of Peter Pan,  but they stopped using the, I guess crocodile  in a parade.
  They stopped using the princess and the frog alligator  in a show outside the castle.
  And evidently there was a joke in the Jungle Cruise  about kids getting eaten by the alligators.
  So they got rid of that understandably.
  But I was wondering, did that mean that they stopped using  ice gator and Laguna gator, but I don't think they did.
  Maybe those are far enough away  from the Magic Kingdom district  that ice gator was safe.
  Well, and they're so exaggerated and cartoony  and they're bright blue and bright orange.
  Like it's so removed.
  I mean, the princess and the frog gator  also like big jolly and fun loving,  but is closer to an actual gator.
  But the entire existence of the Peter Pan one is to eat.
  That's true.
  It is his craving for flesh.
  So that did not get him out of there.
  Yeah, it would have been, I mean, you could have removed him from,  I don't see he's in the phantasmic down there  because he phantasmic in Florida still 90 percent Pocahontas  perplexing.
  Speaking of things not updated since the 90s.
  Stuck in 95.
  You know, that brings up a thing.
  Typhoon Lagoon has been up.
  Typhoon Lagoon just got a new slide last year.
  Misadventure Falls.
  Right.
 And it's tied in now to sea.
  Yeah, because Mary Oceaneer,  you're trying to find her lost treasure.
  It's mythology.
 Yeah, it goes.
  She ties into all the mythology.
  Blizzard Beach.
  Some of the slides in Blizzard Beach were closed for like a while.
  And people were like, oh, they're going to redo it.
  And it was really just like plumbing issues.
  I think they eventually reopen them, but they have not  really had a new thing since it opened 20 years ago.
  It's very Disney question that regard.
  It's just it starts.
 But then then what do you do?  It's like big portions.
  You know what? It also this all reminds me a lot of certain parts  of Islands of Adventure as well, like opened hot in the 90s.
  But then what? What do we possibly do?  And like the general base of style is like  like not subtle and rich enough to like where little enhancements would work.
  They kind of stick out like a store.
  The whole thing looks like a big miniature golf course,  which there is a literal one right next door.
  Yeah, it isn't.
 It's just that kind of like big blunt.
  I don't know.
 Is it really a problem?  Is it do they need to do anything to Blizzard Beach?  I mean, they don't.
  Unless they have like unless fake snow technology has come so far.
  Fake like not because not fake snow like they shoot on Main Street.
  But like if they could redo the fake snow somehow to make it look more realistic,  maybe something like that.
  You wonder if they've ever thought about big, big old frozen overlay.
  Oh, yeah, I've frozen.
  I am sure that's yeah, come up.
  That would be that's a good idea.
  Honestly, I wouldn't hate that kind of is and that would get you new stuff.
  Yeah, I mean, it's there's not a ton  that anyone has thought of to do with a water park.
  I feel like I feel like maybe maybe the ideas aren't there with the water park.
  And I don't know.
  It doesn't feel like you can do is.
  I don't know.
 Maybe I'm wrong, though.
  I think of more recent in water park stuff is those big funnels  that you just keep going around and then you go out the bottom.
  You know what I'm talking about?  They do function like a toilet tray.
  Do you know what I mean?  You slide in and you just kind of  go around until you go out the bottom into a big pool or something.
  I had those at all the great wolf lodges.
  And when I went to the one in Orange County, that's like  that's that's that part is technically outside the building.
  And it's run right across the street or just like shitty apartments.
  So like you might have a if you live around there,  you've just got a view of this of this toilet tunnel at this fake lodge.
  It's a really weird zone.
 Very odd area.
  And they keep posting like drone footage updates of construction  on the Margaritaville Resort and the top of the water slides.
  I'm assuming they'll put in some more trees and stuff.
  But if you're at the top of those water slides, you look out onto a gas station.
  You look out onto a highway and like an A.
M.
P.
M.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 That's funny.
  Paradise.
 The expectations, I think, are low for water park theming.
  So even like just Bozer Beach being a little bit different is like, oh, cool.
  But like I was actually wondering this is if there's any  with Blizzard Beach, Disney think of the only other water park idea  because because Volcano Bay.
  All right.
 It's but it's very it's it's just it's kind of an analog to Typhoon  Lagoon in a way.
 Everyone.
 Right.
  The tropical theme for water parks.
  So this is not a complaint a lot of people are making.
  But is there any is there anything else?  Can you is there another?  I think you've hit on something.
  And I think the other half of it is that  do they need to change it if guest satisfaction is still high?  Like that's the thing with Islands of Adventure.
  Some of the lot of those rides are older, but still very popular.
  But I think we're I think we're just I think we're still in the infancy  of the water park.
 I think there is that I think Universal's flirting  with something more interesting with it in Volcano Bay.
  But they didn't take it to the like they didn't take it to the limit.
  They have the volcano itself.
 Volcano Bay is amazing.
  I don't know if I've talked about this before.
  Not a lot.
 We were there for like four or five hours.
  And being by the volcano, the amount of theming looking at it, it looks real.
  Like I was in the wave pool and just staring at it for like 10 minutes going,  well, this is crazy how big this is.
  And if you go inside, it's awesome.
  Like there's little tunnels and you can talk to like  any like a god that's talking to you remotely somewhere.
  They've done that in other parts of the parks.
  But like that level of theming in a water park, I don't think has that  in that specifically in the volcano, I don't think has been done before.
  Everything on the outskirts is a lot less interesting,  just like slides and you can kind of see like homes behind the slide.
  Like you can see where people live.
  Like it's it's sort of a normal.
  There's a couple interesting slides, but nothing is themed like the volcano is.
  So if you were to truly do a mega level  like themed water park, I think you can do anything with it.
  I don't think we're just not used to it.
  You could do in a whole adventure land water park, I think.
  For sure.
 You have to do a ton of robots.
  You'd have to do.
  Then it's just like no one's used to.
  No one expects that from a water park yet.
  Well, it'd be interesting to do like because I really like the way Trader  Sam's expands the adventure land vibe elsewhere out of adventure land.
  You could kind of take Jungle Cruise mythology and blow it out  and tie it into some of that like adventures club kind of stuff.
  Yeah, that's not the worst.
  Like, yeah, Disney's like, you know, Far East kind of vibe.
  The 60s, an entire like kind of 60s feeling, all that sort of volcano bay.
  Right.
 As well.
  There's probably a Tomorrowland water park somewhere.
  Like, there's probably an idea for it.
  Well, all the future ideas about water are just like, let's preserve it  and figure out how to make more of it.
  Water World, the theme, the water water world.
  Oh, that's a good one.
  But the show has proven that people are not tired of Water World yet.
  So the entire and the Mariners walking around and the smokers.
  Yeah.
 For the smokers.
  You have smokers, but the smokers are.
  Maybe this is like in a time of peace  and the smokers are walking around with refreshments.
  That's true, because you can't really scare people too much in a pool  because bad things might happen.
  Like there's a limit of how much startling you can do for people.
  Mike, I remember talking to you after you came back from Volcano Bay, because  I was very interested, like Universal really did the full court press on like,  you know, here's the volcano, here's the tapu tapu system, the virtual lines.
  Here's the food.
  We made good food for the park and drinks.
  And when you got back, you were like, yeah, they've already kind of  that only kind of line only kind of worked in the food.
  They're already scaling back and the drinks were good.
  But like, yeah, the drinks were good.
 The ice cream was good.
  I remember I think I told that story on the podcast now.
  I think about it of this poor woman who just so did not know  how to serve the food with the number.
  And I waited for like 25 minutes at this tiny little like hut.
  Yeah, I mean, they were who knows what it's like now.
  I'm sure they've worked the kinks out.
  That's every food place, though, where they have to scale back  a cool food because most dads go, what is this?  Huh? OK, well, I just want to a hamburger.
  Can I get a hamburger?  Yeah, Flo's in Cars Land has had like a dozen different menus in six years.
  Yeah.
 And we just ate there with its new menu and I just had like a tuna sandwich.
  It was so.
 Yeah, it used to be like full platters or even just roast beef sandwich.
  Like that was at least something.
  Whoa, whoa, whoa.
 Sweet and sour sauce.
  One flavor at a time.
 Damn it.
  Yeah.
 So I think that there I think somebody could come along  and do a water park crazy.
  You know, the other problem is, is that if you're just doing slides and tubes,  you can't control the guests as much.
  It's harder to control the ride vehicles.
 Sure.
  So what are coasters are a thing?  Yes, they have popular little version of that that we did at Volcano Bay.
  That was interesting, but it was very tiny.
  And I mean, the other innovation that I remember hearing water parks  was how big Schlitterbahn was making slides.
  And look how that turned out.
  Oh, boy.
 Yeah, I know.
  That's that's one of the craziest.
  Also, you were talking about like water parks are just getting started.
  I think since we recorded the episode about Schlitterbahn,  I read further into this story, which, if you don't know, horrible death there.
  I don't want to go into it.
  But like the horrible thing about it is it like came from like truly a arms race.
  Like it was this guy who was obsessed with perfection  and with pushing it bigger and better and longer and tougher.
  He was like and he learned from the wet and wild guy.
  He was like he had the tutelage of like a real hard ass son of a bitch,  a guy who like like a military kind of guy who invented all of the crazy types  of slides, which initially when they opened, you know, skin everybody's knees  and fucked everybody up.
  And so like it it is it's like NASA level.
  This guy like I'm dreaming bigger and we can get better.
  And it literally culminated in him going to jail for murder.
  Yeah, sure.
 Crazy that a guy's life was the drive for water park perfection.
  And he ended up in jail.
  The the behind the scenes story of Schlitterbahn, like the family  sniping and stuff is so like that.
  That that played into it, too.
  So I can only assume after he's done the press tour for Vice in succession,  season two, Adam McKay will be making a Schlitterbahn movie  about the family.
 Yeah.
  The most.
 Yeah.
  Big short vice Schlitterbahn.
  The craziest political stories in America.
  Yeah.
 Number three is I you know, I think I'm thinking of this in the way that I,  you know, you point out things in the room.
  What about a thing about an outlet?  But I you do have Ninja Turtle stuff right behind you.
  Yeah, yeah.
 And this would be a diff.
  Think about a ride where you're in the sewer and you go meet the turtles.
  Some greatest.
 Yeah, that would be the greatest.
  And there's not really any good turtle attractions anywhere.
  Because what this is the idea.
  What if it's not like one theme?  What if it's an Islands of Adventure type?  We'd like it's if it's slides that all like intersect in the way  that they all have to and weave in and out of each other.
  But you go this way and you meet the turtles and this way.
  I mean, not frozen because it would be in the same.
  But like this is the next I think you meet Owen from Jurassic World.
  Yeah.
 Oh, and Grady.
  And what's her name? Oh, she related.
  Is she a Hammond or something?  No, she's not.
  Which is she's just part of it.
  She's got a lot on her plate.
  That's all I know about her.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You mean, she was a lot of shoes.
  That's good.
  Yeah, I think that all the we don't even have to go bigger and better.
  We can just do, you know, lazy rivers with robots on the side.
  Yeah.
 But what do you do?  But you got to like keep them safe from splashing.
  You know, people are jumping off and like, you know, trying to flood them with water.
  And yeah, you'd have to put the show scenes set back or have a,  you know, glass or you got to get strapped into a tube.
  Yes, that's true.
  An interesting thing I found out about Cabana Bay,  the Universal Hotel that has a lazy river, they  sell you the tube, which I was like, oh, that's kind of chintzy.
  And then but then it says, but then you keep it like you buy it  and you you can inflate it for you and you can use it for your whole stay.
  And then you just deflate it and take it home.
  You say you're pulling.
  Oh, I think that's actually cute.
  Taking a bucket, taking a pail and a shovel home.
  Now you got to take a inner tube.
  But you if it's deflated and you fold it and fold it.
  Just a little with the art of  what you have to do with your clothes anyway.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  You could make some space for it.
  Well, and with your suits.
  Well, we'll all get inner tubes when we go to Cabana Bay to.
  Yeah.
 Next year, in the next nine to 12 months.
  Matching and then we'll start recording them.
  We'll start recording the podcast from inner tubes  that we just put on your on your apartment floor.
  Oh, I thought you were going to be in a pool, but that's fine.
  Well, yeah, none of us have a pool.
  So that's true.
  One of these days.
  What have we missed?  Oh, there's a more going through all the slides.
  Oh, the chairlift.
  That was the thing.
  I always thought was cool.
  I'm too scared to go on that, too.
  But I will go on it next time.
  But I don't like a chairlift.
  I get freaked out with the legs dangling.
  My family was confused.
  I really wanted to go on the chairlift,  even though I did not want to go on some of my plummet.
  We didn't realize that you can walk up to those slides up high  or take the chairlift, which means you could have taken the chairlift,  gotten off the chairlift and walked back down.
  Like I would have done that a million times if I had really.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  You know, I love modes of transit.
  Yeah, that's true.
  This is essentially just this.
  I mean, with the sky buckets gone, you know, this is this is what's left.
  And it's a chairlift.
  It looks like you have little skis.
  You put your feet on the skis.
  You would have gone up.
  You just thought you had to go on the ride.
  I thought you had to go on the thing when you got up there.
 Right.
  Yeah, because there's different color.
  I mean, there's all the different color hills as if they were ski runs.
  I was like, I was starting to go to a look all these up and list.
  I don't I feel like I don't care what's purple and what's green.
  Yeah, I like my like that info  fell out of my brain as soon as I tried to put it in.
  You know, I watched a compilation of like GoPro footage of people on the slides.
  I mean, Summit Plummet definitely looked the cool  where you're like standing on the platform and the platform goes away  and you pretty much just drop some of them.
  And also one of the highest points in all of Disney World.
  Yes.
 If you're up there and other slides start from up there.
  But if you go up there, yeah, you like see all of it's kind of creepy.
  It's all this land out in front of you.
  You only see the tallest stuff like Tower of Terror and the castle  or the earful tower.
  Yeah, it's one of the yeah, that's one of those places.
  Also, the average average I can see.
  Oh, that's tough, too.
  It's so weird just like that.
 It's planes flat.
  And then you see one thing, two things, three things.
 Yeah.
  Second highest and fastest in the world after  in Sado in Brazil in terms of water slides.
  What is it called in Sano in Sano in Beach Park in Brazil?  Hmm.
 Blizzard Beach.
  I found this interesting.
  Typhoon Lagoon, second most visited water park in the world.
  Blizzard Beach, number three, number one, Chime  Long Water Park in Guangzhou, China in 2016.
  Two million five hundred thirty visitors, five hundred thirty eight  thousand visitors, excuse me.
  Typhoon Lagoon has the title, really.
  China has the title and then Typhoon Lagoon and Blizzard Beach.
  Interesting.
  What are the rides with team boats, springs?  I talked about with my sister's terror is like a racing one.
  The racing mat slides, I remember being very fun.
  Like you lie on your stomach, you hold the mat and then you're  zipping around.
 Those were fun.
  There's a training grounds because it kind of all has a vague  as if you're getting ready for the next Olympics.
  And this resort, there's the slush gusher.
  Good name, which is another body slide.
  I think you go forward on that one, but it's not as high as the other one,  which I haven't done that one.
  I didn't do that many slides.
  I'm a little I'm a little upset with myself.
  I think the lines were long and it was like we only have four hours.
  Yeah, we have to go to the other places.
  Might as well.
  They good lazy river run, especially if a gator is going to snort at you.
  Sure.
 Yeah, no problem there.
  We did that on Volcano Bay.
  I think I was trying to because from the last time of  I like to go hard on these vacations, but it's nice to have one day  in the middle to sort of relax.
  Yeah, I figured what we can do is we can go have a couple of cocktails  and then just floating lazy river.
  I get to see Blizzard Beach.
  You get to be there, but you're not necessarily on your feet the whole time.
  I think that's a good idea because I associate the pools  at the hotels and stuff with relaxing.
  And I guess there is approach to water parks, exactly like you said,  where you can get that relaxing in to.
  I read a report slash review  where I got a lot of these pictures from I was looking at for reference  was on the Disney tourist blog run by Tom and Sarah Bricker.
  And they their advice for the park  was pretty much just like get there as early as you can.
  And like you can knock out all the major slides in an hour.
  And just chill.
  Yeah, pretty much.
  And then just relax because a lot of people think, oh,  you go towards the end of the day.
  But that has now become the like second hand, not the old wise tale.
  Like, oh, go at the end of the day.
  That's when it's less crowded.
  But it's like, well, everyone's heard that now.
  So I just said the word chill and gave me a good new water park idea, which is  like if OK, the entire water park, an entire water park is Mr.
  Freeze themed.
  And the end, it all has to be a send from one point, right?  Like that you all the slides go down from this one hill.
  And Mr.
 Freeze is up at the top, like laughing.
  And he and every when you go up there, the idea is you're going to try to like  kill him or stop him or something.
  But the slides are his way of casting you back down the hill.
  Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 No, no.
  Try again.
 Ice try and then it'll be the Schwarzenegger.
  It has to be.
 That's the only that's the ultimate one.
  You got to give it to that.
  You got to, you know, there's multiple jokers.
  There's there's multiple Batman's.
  There's only one true.
  I mean, I have an affection for the animated series because I like to just say  he used to say his his wife's name.
  He would go, Nora, Nora.
  And I love saying that.
  So I like that one.
  But the first one he's talking about, the first one he's talking about his wife.
  And there's a very, very serious scene where he's looking at a frosted over  photo of her and he says something about so I can find the cure.
  It's delightful.
 It's great.
  Well, as you're saying that, I was thinking, like, you know,  the management might find a sinister punishment based water park a little intense.
  What if I love when park rides continue a story?  What if he does cure Nora?  And what if him and Nora are now like now we can  king and queen of the water part?  He opens a water and he cures it.
  He can get out of the free suit, but he's still blue.
  But he's wearing Hawaiian shirts and board shorts.
  And Nora is there, too.
  And they're the king and queen of the beach.
  And he's like, I'm using my powers for fun now.
  He's still like scary and blue.
  And like his, you know, his military compound is still kind of in existence.
  But he's put tiki lights all over it and he's wearing big, bright, yellow swim trunks.
  Yes.
 And she's like, Gidget.
  She's like she's she's a beach babe.
  And and this is essentially him liquidating his assets.
  Yeah.
 He's like getting rid of all of his ice fortresses.
  Exactly.
 Except the Halloween overlay.
  It's revealed it's a trick.
  Because that's a comic book trope when it seems like the villain has gone straight.
  And that's when the plan comes to fruition.
  I think you throw a penguin in there, too.
  Oh, yeah.
  Is he he also has switched to good?  He's bad still.
  He's still bad.
  It's about the fight between freeze and and Penguin and Oswald.
  They both use ice and slides in their fight,  but they both weaponized water slides, but one is for fun and the other is for terror.
  Yeah.
 And at the bar, you can get a pitch black drink like the pig with bile.
  That returns a movie that upset me as a child.
  Like I was I was into all the toys and stuff from Batman Returns,  but I did not see the movie in theaters.
  And when I would see like, oh, yeah, pictures of it, I was like,  what is this nightmare movie?  Anyway, yeah, they make a big you can get you can get obviously all these places.
  You can get buckets of colors, but nowhere can you get a big bucket of black goo.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  How's the time?  I was going to ask, actually, we've we've we've really pitched on a lot of stuff,  but there's a grand opening video of Blizzard Beach that we'll post.
  Yeah.
 And it is very weird.
  And what's the character name again that I forgot?  Helmet Pole.
  Helmet Pole is the honorary mayor of Blizzard Beach.
  And I'm going to ratfuck him, too.
  I'm taking him out.
 Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 This is honorary.
  It doesn't maybe not an official position, but yeah, yeah.
  You should also be the honorary mayor of Blizzard Beach for sure.
 Yeah.
  I'd like to just declare that maybe we declare that right now.
  Might be no struggle.
  All right.
 Congrats to Jason, the mayor of Blizzard.
  Hey, a hard fought battle, a barely fought battle.
  But I will treat that, though, as a more ceremonial title because the true  ruler of Blizzard Beach is ice skater.
  OK, so you want to be the vice mayor?  I will be I will be the vice mayor's vice gator, the vice gator, the vice gator.
  And I will give a little kiss to all the guests to thank them for coming.
  So I still look.
  You love kisses ice skaters in this.
  It's great.
 Everyone's happy.
  There's a weird rap that we can't decipher, but we'll link to you'll enjoy it.
  But at the end, they're playing a Beach Boys song.
  Is there a Scott Gardner Beach Boys water park somewhere in your brain?  I I'll be honest.
  This did occur to me on the way over.
 Yes.
  Yeah, Beach Beach Boys Beach.
  And yeah, I think it's a good opportunity.
  You can meet all of the all of the characters from all the songs.
  You can, you know, yeah, you can go to you can go to Kokomo.
  You can you can meet the girls on the beach, right?  You meet Barbara.
  There can be one that's about ecology and saving the planet.
  Like they were all into right in the 90s, even though they're  mega Republicans from the 80s on.
  But yeah, I think, you know, if there's a there's this  beach was compilation called the Endless Summer  that's like kind of all their big faces mixed in with a lot of like Americana  and kind of all their faces like almost ascend into a big mountain.
  So, yeah, I'd like to see.
  Yeah, it's slides where you go out of the out of the map.
  How about you? You are the the the cool free  floating ideas coming out of the brains of America's band.
  And so you're sliding out the ears of the years.
  And Wilson's and yeah, oh, out of the ears.
  Yes, that's where their ideas come from.
  But only one of Brian Wilson's ears because he's deaf in one.
  But yeah, you're sliding out of Brian Wilson's brain.
  You're sliding out of Al Jardine's brain.
  The extra members, Blondie and Ricky Fetar, who were only there for  two years or so.
  Is there like a Dennis Miniland somewhere?  Yes, but there's you have to be careful not to be careful in his brain.
  It's very dangerous.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And there's a lot of bars in Dennis land.
  Yes.
 And stay away from the dock.
  Yes.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Don't don't be tempted.
  There's a lot of like pictures and items from his past.
  And you have to be careful not to dive in after them and drown.
  Yeah.
 And watch out for the very charming grifter.
  He that wanders the water seems to be gathering followers.
  Yes, not all characters in the water parks are as pleasant as ice skater.
  Some are some are scary like Charles Manson.
  But yeah, I mean, you know, and I think a big epic waterslide  that's, you know, really the tumultuous journey of Brian Wilson  in his life and in which at one point you hit a room where you get stuck  and you stay there for three years.
  Finally, you're allowed to leave.
  I think that I just this just occurred to me that I have maybe the perfect  marriage for your Beach Boys ideas for a water park  and somebody who can actually get them done.
  Why don't we try to contact John Binkowski?  Oh, I thought you were going to say, yeah, I also thought you were going to say.
  Oh, Stamos can absolutely be in the water.
  John Stamos, John's.
  All right.
 Fair enough.
  Let's get Binkowski and Stamos in a room together.
  Man.
 Yes.
 And let's pitch them on.
  John Binkowski, the guy who invented Hard Rock Park.
  Yeah, sorry for which there was like seemingly on the map.
  At one point, there was some like maybe it was like a Beach Boys  waterslide or something.
  There's something he needs something to do.
  He's got to get back in the game.
 Right.
  And there's a lot of land sitting around Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
  Yeah.
 And if a theme park proper with roller coasters is a hard sell,  why would a water park be?  And we can have Beach Boys Beach.
  Binkowski obviously created a big bounce.
  Excuse me.
 Binkowski can get the money, but he knows how to get this stuff done.
  Stamos can get the documents in front of the parties that need to sign off on it.
  Yes, he has the he can get the rights.
  He can get all the members to sign off.
  I think the biggest danger it's occurred to me, though, is that what could happen  is that they ask Brian Wilson to devise the plans for a smile waterslide.
  No.
 And then towards the end, he goes crazy and burns the slide.
  The slide was ahead of its time.
  It was an evil slide.
  They released part of the slide, though.
  Part of the slide is open.
  And the slide will go on to influence  and everyone talks about the slide.
  Everyone talks about it for many years and fragments of the slide.
  Like this part of a tube will get will will come out and people will explore it  and say, man, this is going to be the greatest slide of all time.
  All right.
 I don't think this is impossible.
  If we could get one tangible product out of this podcast,  the ability to visit Beach Boys Beach and the resurrection and absolution  of John Benkow.
 I mean, I would people say there's no second acts.
  All the American Americans.
  You're getting on your own.
  Calm down.
 I nothing.
  How many times do Walt Disney fail before he had a hit?  Like there's only second acts in the American.
  Well, we're going to smile rose like a phoenix in the 2000s.
  Yeah, I remember getting that out.
  This idea.
 Yeah, I think it turned out good.
  And I think the was Grammy winner.
  And I think, yeah, it's time to, you know, this.
  Yeah, this idea might take.
  This could be my Smith.
  This could take me 50 years to get off the ground.
  No, I may have lost some of my soul and ability to speak  or reason or feed myself along the way.
 But  I don't know.
 This is your life's work.
  This wouldn't be a beach boys waterpark that closes in two months.
  We start, I think, which, by the way, when it because, you know,  by the time it opens, the Beach Boys will be a hundred year old band.
  Yeah, but I think you've said before, though, these bands bands  will just be rebooted at a certain point.
  So there will be a new Beach Boys, I think.
  That's already what's happening.
  If you go, if you're not as Beach Boys verse as me and who is the  the Beach Boys are, if you go see the Beach Boys in concert right now,  there's only one who is a legitimate original member.
  The one Bruce Johnston is a little lesser and then John and then John Stamos,  who at this point was has been a beach boy longer than Brian Wilson,  really, in a way.
 Right.
  But are a lot of them.
  But, you know, they're already the Beach Boys will continue  post everyone's death for sure.
  Yeah, it'll just be a bunch of dads standing around.
  They'll grow.
 They'll be like 20 of them.
  And which one of them is original? I don't know.
  One of them probably.
 It doesn't matter.
  No one gives a shit about it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I do think Mike Love could live to be like one hundred and five  and like just in a chair on the stage.
  And like it already seems like he's lip syncing a little bit.
  He sounds extremely auto tuned.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You talk about theme drinks.
  I want a theme drink in Beach Boys Beach where you can get ice cubes  that look like Mike.
 Mike loves beady eyes.
  I think you could start to make love.
  Well, I think there's got to be a whole hat store.
  I think we could start with just one big slide,  a couple small slides in a lazy river and then all the merch  and like all the fun food.
  Well, let's start simple like they did.
  And then we'll get more experimental.
 Yes.
 As it goes.
  Just have expansion pads on the sides and plans ready to go.
  And if the experimental slides are poorly received, then for many decades  beyond that, we'll just do songs about remember the old slides.
  By the way, the old slides used to be.
  Let's just go back to the old side.
  Back to the shack like Rivers Cuomo wrote.
  That's my thing with it.
  They are.
 It's kind of exciting for me to see in real time  a new band following all the steps of the Beach Boys.
  Well, even that reminded me when you were saying about like him  not leaving his room, there was that I remember in high school  reading like a Rolling Stone at the library school library  when I used to like be a library assistant one period a day.
  And it was about Rivers Cuomo talking about like, yeah, I painted my whole room  black and locked myself in there with my lizard.
  Same stuff.
 Just hanging out with his lizard at a pitch black room all the time.
  He's really to say he strayed from the formula.
  He fucked to the formula as Mike loves to.
  That's what he'll tell us in the making of this park.
  Don't fuck with the formula, boys.
  But then but yeah, Rivers like, yeah, he flew too close to the sun.
  And now it's back to basics forever.
  Yeah.
 Well, no, he's back to know he's experimenting again.
  Oh, really? I'll play you the song.
  You're going to hate it.
  You should hear it.
  This also reminds me of rolling forever.
  What one of the funny is crazy.
  One of the funniest things I've ever seen at a comedy show  and I believe past guest Paul Shearer would have been been on it  because he hosted this bit, but at the Del Close Marathon for many years,  they did a match game 75 show or 76.
  And all of the panelists were like, you know, John Gemberling, John Gabris,  you know, UCB people playing 70 celebrities.
  And Paul was always a host.
  And Jack McBrayer was always the contestant.
  And they would just be one of the contestants.
  And the panel would just scream at Jack McBrayer.
  But one of them, DC Pearson, was playing Brian Wilson.
  And he just wrapped in a brown bed sheet scribbling in a notebook.
  And every time they came to him for an answer, he would just scream,  it's not ready and committed to it so hard.
  And we just occasionally  like walk off stage and then wander back on with a bunch more notebooks.
  And it was just one of the funniest thing.
  And it was like, yeah, this is a two in the morning show.
  No one will ever see this again.
 There's no video.
  And I just remember things so funny.
  Well, you know, to tie it all back together,  have you guys ever seen the Beach Boys album cover of Keeping the Summer Alive?  I think I have, but I don't know what off the top of my head.
  This is like a Latter Day album in the 80s.
  But the when you look it up and if you at home, look it up,  what you will find are the Beach Boys at the beach.
  But the beach is inside.
  Oh, I haven't seen a snow globe and outside.
  It's pure cold.
  And there's polar bears looking in like, what's this indoor beach happening here?  So the mixture of summer and winter,  of beach and tundra that is explored in Blizzard Beach  goes back to the Beach Boys.
  The Beach Boys were the first to do it on a cover of a very bad album.
  So I think it's only right that they we we honor them properly  with an entire working water.
  This sincerely looks like the cover of a sci fi novel.
  You'd find in a quarter bin.
  Some I think we can make.
  I don't think we can make this happen.
  I think we can do it.
  That when the cover, it's a book called like  Schoeninger's conundrum or some bizarre, scary, unpleasant  for a 70s phrase.
  The new Weezer song is called Can't Knock the Hustle.
  You don't need to play it for me to hate it.
  If you're aiming for hate, you found you tap to the vein already.
  What was the McCartney song called from a few?  Oh, you I'll tell you this.
  I don't hate for you anymore.
  Yeah, you played it.
  It's lazy as shit, but there's it's not as bad as freedom.
  Freedom is the worst, I think.
  Freedom is the worst.
 Paul McCartney's  for you is horrible and it's cringy because he's like making a double  enchantre and it's I think he even said, like, you know, we did.
  I was in there for an hour and we did wrote the lyrics.
  And I was like, yeah, it's clear that you didn't give a shit about the lyrics  or what it like another produce.
  Like they just made this for you and you're singing on it.
  But I don't hate it.
  Can't Can't Knock the Hustle is bad, but it's not the worst.
  Weezer's song in two weeks time.
  You will love it.
  I think this is how stuff works with you.
  Sometimes something starts and you hate it and it worms your way.
  And then to.
 Yeah.
  Very soon you'll be like, you know what?  Maybe I like it.
  That happened with me with NBC Smash.
  Do you think it was smash?  I yeah, the first season kind of fell off the second season.
  Yeah, but you know what?  But obviously, look, that Beach Boys album that I said was very bad.
  You know, you know, I listen to it.
  Of course, of course, I do.
  I got the song about the Santa Ana winds  bugging about all this.
  Which starts with the narration.
  There's a condiz a weather condition in in California called this known as the  Santa Ana winds and fire wind.
  They explained is a little like Wikipedia fact about a type of wind.
  So obviously there will be some kind of like in.
  What if there was like an indoor like a hurricane simulator called Santa Ana?  When? Oh, wow.
  Or what about what drives you off?  What's the what about the toilet bowl thing?  And like you act like it's the winds that are.
  No, that would be more of a tornado.
  Is there a thing about tornado?  Uh huh.
 I don't know if they do.
  Maybe that's maybe that's part of like the Brian Wilson torment.
  But yeah, that's a bowl for another idea.
  Then the other winds.
 Yeah.
 Back to your something with the.
  Yeah, that that that swirl is the, you know, that's that's Brian.
  The emotional to torment about if you don't know.
  It's the Carolina No tunnel.
  If you don't live in California, the Santa Ana winds famous for helping  spread wildfires and making everyone a little nuts.
  Like it's kind of like their superstitions about like people go a little mad  when the Santa Ana winds come in like chemtrails.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, not too far.
  Yeah, there's definitely conspiracies and stuff.
  In my sense, it's like ash could be blown in your brain.
  Yeah, I find the Santa Ana winds unnerving because it seems like a rainstorm  or hurricanes about to happen, but it doesn't.
  It's just wind for the sake of wind.
  And it will just blow palm fronds.
  It'll just blow trees like down or just knock stuff down.
  They suck.
 The Santa Ana winds are bad.
  Why do you hate that? Huh?  They're they cause chaos.
  Yeah, I guess that's true.
  I did look at there's a thing that says music from Disney's  Blizzard Beach Water Park, which is a Spotify place.
  I don't know if it's confirmed, but there's a Jimmy Buffett song on it.
  Jolly Monsignor  changes in attitude, changes in latitude.
  Mon, it's Mon Moen.
  There's soul shaked up, but there's like Bob Marley.
  I'm looking they have to have.
  Yeah, they can't just play area music.
  But Billy Billy Joel.
  Yeah, River of Dreams.
  I mean, I guess it's a water song is rivers in it, but I can't read red wine.
  I do remember some pop songs being played, but I don't see any beach boys on this.
  I think the only beach was just in that opening video  from the opening of Blizzard Beach.
  Well, all the more reason to build a temple to them.
  Beach was beach.
  But what do we do? Hey, does anything happen to Blizzard Beach before we?  Oh, I think Blizzard Beach notable closes for like a month.
  It's closed as we record this.
  It closes about a month, month and a half every year  for maintenance because you got to be in because all those pipes  and stuff in Florida right now.
  That's another reason.
  Yes, but then there's also in the new year and like January and February,  they'll just be days where it's it's closed because it's too cold  because it's going down to the 40s at night.
  There's an issue with it.
  You're standing around there.
  And sometimes I remember when I went, the sky was very gray.
  And then we're in this fake snow place.
  And it makes you like shrieks you into thinking it's colder than it is.
 Right.
  Yeah, that's true.
  The whole park is a real optical illusion.
  It rained when we were there.
  And that's why I think that's why actually we ended up leaving.
  Now I think about it.
 Good reason.
  But it wasn't that cold.
  So my plus up is make it so it doesn't rain.
  Sure.
 To get on that Disney.
  Anything else?  Yes.
 Bring back that big meatball sub by a fun childhood memories.
  Make it available.
  Make it available.
  Even though I'm sure it is the same as the meatball sub, you can get it subway.
  Worse.
 Yeah, for sure.
  OK, so Jason, our advice, then go to subway,  take that sub, dip it in the toilet for a second and then eat it.
  That's so that meatball sub in my mind is like that bad  Beatriz record you still listen to.
  Mike and I have guilty pleasure songs.
  You have guilty pleasure subs.
 Yeah.
  As we've said before, a friend of the show,  Andrew Grissel really handed me my hat once when he said,  if dessert didn't exist, would you have any memories?  A really good, really good, really good slam.
  Yeah, the biggest burn really got you.
  And he's like one of the nicest guys.
  I know.
 But I can't.
  We're here week after week.
  We can't think of one that good.
  You cannot knock that hustle.
  I mean, that's just too good.
  You can't knock the hustle.
  I can respect that.
  He says motherfucker in it, too.
  Oh, cool.
 Oh, cool.
  Man, that takes balls.
  I wish I just want I want to see some sort of sea  tie in with Blizzard Beach, if they could.
  If Ice Skater was in the Society of Explorers and Adventures.
  I don't know if it actually makes a lot of sense  if they have anthropomorphic animals in the sea.
  But let's start it.
  They're all named Barnabas, Bullion and then Ice Gator.
  I mean, all the statues talked at the Adventurers Club.
  I don't think there was a ghost.
  Yeah, there was ghosts.
  Not a huge lead to go to talking animals.
  Put the Ice Gator in the club is all I'm saying.
  Did you guys see, I guess, was there anything else before I find  I found this music video that was shot at Blizzard Beach?  Oh, go for it.
 Is it of a real?  Well, it's Mickey's Fun Songs, and I think they'll set it up here, too.
  OK, great.
 Oh, that's right.
  Oh, I know what I'm talking about here.
  I remember watching a little of this, but.
  Precisely, to pockets and bathing suits.
  Wow, this place is really cool.
  The pockets are branded suits.
  No it's not, it's hot, hot, hot.
  I'll show ya.
  Ole, ole, ole, ole, ole, ole, ole, ole, ole, ole.
  Me so long fire!  This rules.
  Goofy, don't you dare say mon.
  Say it like this.
  Is it sweet? I can't resist.
  We need a party sound.
  A fundamental charm.
  Bum bum bum bum.
  Everybody.
  Bum bum bum bum.
  I think that slide the children are going down is the one my family ate shit on.
  Sorry to hear that mon.
  Sorry about your dad, Jason.
  Fine.
  Alright, well, you guys get the idea.
  You can watch this on YouTube.
  It's a delightful video where Goofy is singing hot hot hot.
  And all the kids are enjoying it.
  Hey, send me that link for posting and also just for fun purposes.
  That's one of your favorite new songs.
  It is, yeah.
  If you need a little summer in your winter, Buster Point Dexter by way of Goofy's got you covered.
  It's a bop, as the kids say.
  Kids do say that now.
  Alright.
  You survived Podcast The Ride, the second gate.
  Thank you so much for your support.
  We'll have more stuff as always come in your way.
  And what else?  Subscribe to the main stuff on Twitter and podcast the right on Instagram.
  You've probably done that.
  Yeah, sure.
  Oh, and with the holidays coming up, there are a million T public sales.
  So if you want a shirt or one for your podcast, a ride fan in your life, they'll probably be on sale.
  As I say this, sure, they're on sale.
  What? Yeah.
  Thanks for the thanks for plugging, Jason.
  Hey, can't knock the hustle.
  Hey, can't knock the hustle.
  He's no goofy.
  Oh, this is awful.
  Once you open a dirty song, you can never list you a clean one again.
  I'm outta here.
  I'll leave you one, two.
