 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains rampant baseless speculation, non-specific wildwood  critters, and you asked for it, your official guide to Hershey Park's new gate.
  Not a new theme park, just the actual gate you walk through to get to their existing theme  park.
  All this and more on our thrilling look at 2019.
  Come on in to the 2019 Preview Center on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the show hosted by three men whose new year's resolution is to go to Disneyland more.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Scott Gardner.
  I'm mildly accurate.
  And Mike Carlson.
  I would say mine would be to go to Disneyland more, but in like new interesting ways, you know?  Oh, I think that's a great, great point.
  That's what we're, kind of what we're talking about today.
  New interesting ways to go, but do you mean like go by hitchhiking?  Do you mean getting down there in interesting ways?  Closer to what I'm talking about.
 Yes, if there's a different way to get down there, maybe there's like a  not ride sharing, that sounds a little bit unpleasant, but  maybe I should take the train down and see what that's like.
 Go from Glendale to Anaheim, see what that's like.
  Or you can do Burbank.
  Burbank by the airport? Yeah, I mean, I'd love to take the train down more.
  Maybe, you know, like let's go with strangers that I've never met before and I'd show them around.
  You know what I mean?  I'm just spitballing.
 I'm not saying I'm gonna do that.
  I'm just saying like see the world through a stranger's eyes.
 See the Disney world land through stranger's eyes.
  I wish, I mean, I feel like this is a case for a lot of Los Angeles and Southern California.
  I wish trains ran later and I, because then I'd be more,  like if they had ones that ran for like two, three hours after Disneyland  closed.
 Right.
 That's a tricky thing.
 It limits you on the other end.
 It really does.
 Yeah.
  There is, I would, how much, I was thinking about this.
 How much would you pay for a, an annual pass  to a bus, an easily located bus to take you down to Disney and it would run pretty regularly and it could drop you back  off up here  at midnight or 1 a.
m.
 It would need to have no stops.
 It's got to be a bullet train.
  I think if I'm making stops the whole way,  Okay, how about this? There's a Valley stop and then there's a more of an  Hollywood stop.
 There's two stops and then it's straight to Anaheim.
 I suppose so.
 How much do you, how much is that worth?  I'm just trying to figure out the- I feel like you need a downtown stop to make it  viable too.
 I think there is some sort of bus that comes from a little further inland  to Disneyland and like a commuter bus for employees,  but anyone can do it.
 But I think it got too popular.
 Well, if we get a job,  then we can use the bus and that'll fulfill the resolution to go more often because we'll be there every day because we have to.
  Well, we have to be, we're going to become scare actors.
  I guess we're going to become churro cart attendants now.
  And it'll fulfill my thing because now I'll be able to see Disneyland in a different way because I'm working there.
  Yeah, so now that's a new way to experience the park.
 So you'll be able to see it from  behind eyes that are crying because you're depressed to be having a Disney lunch.
 Possibly depending on what my job is.
  But you know in the new year the money changes for what you make at Disneyland, right? That's good.
  Yeah, that's good.
 But we've uncovered some nefarious stuff about that in our political episode.
  Wait a minute, we shouldn't get all down.
 Look, hey, welcome to 2019 everybody.
 Happy new year listeners.
  Happy new year.
 Hope it was as exciting as every night at Pleasure Island.
  Uh, though how could it be really?  But uh, yeah, it's we're we're here's the first new episode of 2019.
  We took a little break and we're sorry, but we're back now and we're here to talk about all of the exciting new developments.
  What will be happening in theme park world in 2019? 2019 is an exciting year.
  Though, uh, you know, there's exciting ones to come as well.
  I mean to shoot right past it, but 2020 also has a ton of crazy stuff.
  I think that's guardians and in florida and uh,  2021 is disney world's 50th anniversary.
 We're a couple years away from not berry farms.
  100th anniversary, which they because they're counting all the way back to  roadside chicken stand.
  Which you insist on counting back to.
  Yeah, well I insisted on counting all the way back to the first berry seedlings planted and they said please shut up.
  Yeah, they said no.
 That's fair.
  So there's you know, there's there's a lot there's a lot of excitement in theme park world in the future in general.
  But yeah, we got we do got a big year coming up.
  You know, especially with especially in terms of disney.
 I think they have like  Muscled their way through to make sure that they have the biggest year, but uh, the other parks are not sitting on their hands.
 Neither.
  That's true.
 Yeah, um, there's a lot I guess.
 Yeah, uh, there's a lot the right like just let's talk rides real quick rides opening  Mickey and Minnie's runaway railway Hollywood studios in Florida.
  People have been talking about this on the message boards for a long time people saying this ride is awesome.
  I don't know, but everyone says like the word on this is that it's like very impressive.
  It's uh, if you haven't heard it's like replacing the great movie ride.
  It is like you're on a little  I think is it wi-fi controlled?  A little like train, but everything is screens, but it's like you're in the cartoon.
 It's not just like a yeah  Sort of there's moving practical they've shown demonstrations of it of like this these these  Practical things that switch that are being projected on or like all of a sudden you're in like a black and white cartoon  But then everything flips around and it's full call  The whole room is full color and you're in a giant crazy colorful cartoon.
 Oh, this is news to me  I don't know a lot of details about this in general.
 That sounds great  Yeah  They've sold some of the store like Mickey and Minnie are going on a little picnic and then they see a train and goofy is the conductor  And then you go into the like you are watching it and then you go into the screen and you're in the cartoon like  Everything that i've heard about it.
 It sounds does sound legit.
 Very cool  And this is what this is the summer opening.
 Is that I think I believe may  Maybe may it's always hard to tell with these things if you aren't checking the rumors sites like us  Nothing changes more than theme park opening dates.
 It's not like the movies where they declare  We're july 4th 2021 way in advance  Uh, these things are real muddy and they'll also like start kind of previewing  Quote unquote a couple months out.
 So it like and then but then there isn't an actual like ceremony  It is officially open even if it's been technically running for a little while.
 Yeah soft openings  Yeah, mike and I hit the soft openings for the wizarding world of harry potter in hollywood like two years ago  just from following like twitter and blogs going like  Uh, everything's open  Yeah, right.
 We were I remember we were together but no way  texting back and forth because my my memory of it I was uh,  I was doing when it back when I was running with my friend and our friend andrew grissom  Uh, I was monitoring a twitter account that was like it might open today  And then I was like, I think it's gonna open i'm gonna go up there and he was like  I got like things to do it's the middle of the afternoon and I was like i'm gonna go up there and they put us in a  Holding like pen and like an area for people to wait  And then it was like is it gonna open is it gonna open and then like I waited like an hour and a half  And it did and I was like one of the first 30 people in the first soft opening of of the hollywood harry potter land  Because by the end of the day there was a video posted by somebody else who was in there like a theme park  vlogger person and I  I watched it and there I could see you in the line.
 Is that true? Yes.
 Yeah  I feel like I don't didn't know that yeah  Someone else who was there with who was checking it to such an extent that they were there immediately then had the video up  Several hours later and you were in the line in the video.
 I mean I went the next day  Because I think it was inside universe.
 I like tweeted at them because they were posting pictures  Is it open there like it is right now and I got over there and just walked right in you're right  No  I'm having indigestion for this weird coffee energy shot.
 I just  Know  No, it's fine.
 You know, it's fine equals don't ask me about this anymore  Mission not accomplished.
 Jason always what? No, it's fine.
 Yes  No, it was it tasted pretty good.
 Where did you get it again? It was like a free coupon at ralph's  But and it was like all the reggae was like organic coffee organic milk organic sugar and like it tastes okay  It was just a little sweet.
 So the coffee was completely free.
 It was a completely free  Completely free because I don't wouldn't buy these energy shot things normally but and it claims it's too worth like two cups of coffee  Essentially.
 Yeah, but it's all hitting you right now.
 No, I think I was just kind of burping  Uh as I was trying to talk you're clutching your side.
 My hand is cold.
 Okay, and this  This throwbacky kind of chunky sweatshirt that you could find on everla.
com is keeping it warm voluntary plug  You're also like twiddling a pen in your hand like your groucho  Yeah, you know what?  Uh, that might be the coffee kicking in because I don't normally jiggle a pen as I record and I realize i've been doing this  For about 10 minutes.
 You're gonna shatter that thing open.
 You're gonna have  So excited for coming attractions.
 It's 28 2019.
 Do you have your fidget spinner?  I don't have my disney my official disney branded fidget spinner on me.
 It's too bad  Anyway, well, yeah, there's a lot to be excited about but you know  I say let's let's cut to the chase  Let's talk about the headline the big thing that has been under construction  For a very long time dragging out and out and of course I am talking about an exotic outpost  From which endless adventures are possible.
 You know what? I mean margaritaville resort orlando  It is finally opening in january  No bigger theme park development right than this  We have a listen we have many listeners who have sent us pictures that live down in orlando and somebody just did  Somebody just drove by  And and put it on our facebook page and it's just like water slides that you can see from a freeway  Basically, yes, and from the water slide you can see a gas station  Mm-hmm  And so anticipation is what i'm saying is anticipation anticipation is building.
 Yep, you can feel it  Uh, yeah, it's getting out there the the the trailers are leaking on youtube and by trailers  I mean 45 seconds of drone footage taken illegally  Everybody's talking about it.
 Um, you know, I actually did I was looking into some stuff about  Margaritaville orlando in advance of the inevitability that we're all there  Together  Uh, we we gotta start getting the lay of the land now because if we if we get lost like the shaker of soul  You know, then we're losing valuable chill out time, uh, um, okay  Do you first of all, do you know the name of the water park? I feel like I don't  Um, you know, you know  You know the the buffett margaritaville  Verse landscape of yes the margaritaville verse multiple.
 It's a villana verse  So our margaritaville verse, you know extremely well, you know every possible song that they could name anything after the the from the big ones  To the obscure ones.
 Uh, does anything strike you is what the water park might be named after one of the songs  Well, just if you know if that's what it was  Uh, gosh i'm trying to think is anything falls is there anything falls?  It's not math sucks  Uh water park  It sucks.
 So come to a water park instead, right?  It's not the name of the park  I don't think they'd go with volcano with that volcano themed water park down the road.
 Ah true.
 No, no, no that would conflict  It's not I will play for gumbo  Falls it is it's a gumbo  It's all and the all the water is dyed to look like gumbo  So it looks like you're so you're swimming around in a big gumbo pot  Is it is it an homage to he went to paris called he went to the water park  Finally you got it.
 It's not grapefruit juicy fruit  It's it's going to be like the second or third biggest ones after margaritaville, right?  The paradise that the cheeseburgers can be found in that is the full name of the no I don't look what i'm getting at is  Uh, you know  It's it's just salty bay or something.
 You might think it's something like that  Something like uh, you know fawning from a song the name of the water park is island h2o live  Exclamation point water park.
 Oh  Thank you algorithm.
 Thank you for naming our water park island h2o live.
 What do you yeah exactly?  They like just they've put like 50 words in a blender and then three were selected randomly  Yeah, that flow doesn't make island h2o  island h2o  Iowan water it the like big time water place  Uh, this is nothing.
 What is this name?  It's especially galling because frank bamma's splish splash mama.
 Jama is right there in wow jason  You just came up with some awesome ip frank bamma.
 Of course is jimmy buffett's character on hawaii 5-0  And his alter ego in his fiction.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well tully mars is his main  Character I suppose.
 Yeah  There's many different buffett verse characters, did you just spit that name out?  I thought you were referring to a real place that was there.
 No, no  I spent about 30 seconds trying to figure that out  and i'm as  Amazed as you are that I got it all out without fighting my tongue  That's an excellent name and I think there's still time to change it  So you would have to think island h2o live  What do you mean live like as opposed to other water saturday night?  Live is live unlike other tv shows.
 Is that what you saw h2o live? No, it's not I saw it somewhere  You have a press release.
 I have a press release.
 Yeah falls.
 Sure.
 It's right.
 I mean, yeah, i'm just tossing out gold here  Yeah, um, let's see if there's anything interesting in here.
 Uh, this was from november 13th central florida's newest and most immersive water park  Will make waves when island h2o live at margaritaville resort orlando opens in spring 2019  Secondly, it's at margaritaville that's is that all part of the title also  I get  Uh, i'll say yes, so what you can buy a ticket for the water park separate from  Margaritaville hold on.
 Let me let me keep going here.
 And then there's also a section i'll tease that says behind the technology  island h2o live will unleash the power of pure play and enthusiasm with nine different thrill rides a lazy river a wave pool a  Kids area and a river raft ride for the whole family  Designed to enable guests to customize their experience and share it with the fan or the willer  Excuse me the world the park uses a new rfid wristband system  Which sounds like that volcano bay that will enable guests to personalize the music and lighting they experience on select rides  Well now well now i'm a whore  So you wow, this is crazy so I can listen to jimmy buffett's summer's  Song with a z in the middle of it while i'm on this ride summer's school summer's z  Like you've fallen asleep  Or summer's cool, it's both nice.
 He's saying you gotta have a time out maestro  You gotta go to summer school double entendres so you can listen to summer's school  Yeah in island h2o live exclamation point you could listen you can listen to a full  The full beach house on the moon album i'm sure  At in a single slide live.
 It's a long the lazy  That's lazy river.
 Okay.
 Okay  Um, you can't make the slide go so slow that it takes a full album's length  No, you can get like the chorus of despacito  On like one of the speed slides  Not if mike has anything to do with it.
 You're not getting any of that despacito shit  It's it's all buffett all the time.
 Yeah, no fuck despacito with this is least in the walls of this  They're only gonna play like the restaurants are gonna play jimmy like every third song  Four song they're talking about the rest are like avril lavigne.
 It's something that's not even in the world of yeah  Another high-tech feature be live invites guests to sing karaoke or star another audio visual experiences with clips from these sessions shared through the app  The gamified app be live.
 Yeah, it's a water park.
 What are you talking about the game of gamify gamify  Gamified app also allows guests to earn loyalty points with every ride now jason's on board for this  Oh, I love experiences and activations.
 I love gamifying my content and all my faith.
 I love properties  How about that? We all love properties guests can win prizes such as free food and beverage items skip the line passes and more  Well now you have my attention.
 Mm-hmm  Uh now this part says personalized paradise the experience at island h2o live will be all about creating your own unique  customized experience for those looking to soak in the island vibe listen to music and have some chill with their thrill  Tropically inspired havens will abound with hammocks cabanas and soft sand beaches around every turn  And adult only areas will offer cocktails only steps from your beach chair and nudity  I don't think that's involved to keep the fun going island h2o live is within walking distance or a short trolley ride to margaritaville  Orlando resort hotel and cottages and back to that trolley ride  Did I your emotive transit? Yep  Uh, I don't know if it's a margaritaville branded trolley though  and then they just list all the other they listen you're in walking distance to a  Burger fi capone's ford's garage game time sketchers and more  Um, well that takes us to another area of this that there I don't I didn't realize this about margaritaville resort orlando  That they are also building a new outdoor shopping complex as part of it and it is called sunset walk  So something tells me that the gang here is gonna have to take a walk.
 Oh, yeah, let's all take a sunset walk  I've got another yes, uh, they should have called it.
 Uh,  Well, this would get dicey with copyrights, uh flip-flop shop stop  That's good.
 Oh, okay flip-flop stop and shop  There we go.
 There's a little bit of a drunk over there because then the flip-flop stop and shop cops will  Give it the drop.
 Well, and you might step on a pop top  That's the biggest concern because this shopping mall is filled with loose pop tops a a beer, uh,  Delivery method that has not been used in decades  It seems in buffett style.
 Yes.
 Yeah, but anyway, there is a mall being built.
 That's part of margaritaville  At this point we're facing the dilemma of are we gonna have to go do a trip where we don't even step foot in disney or universal  That trip that is entirely about us and the old ux us and the keeper  Uh, who's gonna have a whole new world of sectors to right keep  Well, if he's out of the clink from all that copper wiring he's been stealing from abandoned houses.
 That's right  He's been up to no, he's not we've been keeping tabs.
 He's not the sweet boy.
 You recall  Yeah, um, I have a I have on this press release a media contact.
 So  Maybe  We see what they can do for us.
 All right  uh  Yeah, um, well this this is a big adventure coming our way  I also the the things that were not in that list that of stuff that's at sunset walk  Uh, you got a rock and bruise.
 Yes, of course the kiss owned the half of kiss owned restaurant  What sort of treaty or parlay did they need to come up with to get the margaritaville brands and rock and brew brands to work together?  The parrot heads and kiss army notorious enemies, uh, and it's ended in bloodshed before so to get them to work together.
 Um,  We'll see black magic had to be employed.
 There's no cabo a la cantina is there I don't believe so  But you know what you got you got a sketchers that might have been in your that was in there  Yeah, and you've also got an itch sugar  Just like city was like our beloved city  There's a lot in common between city walk and sunset and there's no itch sugar at the orlando city walk  I don't believe I don't believe there is this is potentially  Or unless i'm way off could be orlando's first it's sugar or I look and it's like it's seven 50th  uh, so  Are you just are you just gonna have to move there or be like a bi-coastal?  Like I don't I don't think like four days is gonna give you the hit you need  I think I just I feel like mike we're gonna lose you for like well a couple months vacation will have to be at least a month  I'm looking here.
 There's an itch sugar orlando international outlet  Oh, but that's at the outlet malls probably right? Well, I think yeah  There's that outlet in the name.
 There's two of them.
 So that's all like  spoiled edible underwear.
 Yeah  It's like a week from going bad.
 It's like yeah  It's like the food stuffs at a marshals or a tj max you can eat the underwear but do it fast.
 Yeah  Eat it fast, please clock's ticking  Uh, so there's a lot of stuff  Going on down there.
 Uh, uh, and and also  like  This is something that's going to happen in 2019 and we will have to we should just like emergency get the recording going as soon  As we know anything wherever we are  Let's just or if somebody has to be on the phone  We should respond to this as quickly alive as we can when we find out what the street names are  At margaritaville because if you didn't hear us discuss this, uh in a previous episode, uh, uh, uh,  Jason mike anthony geo and I submitted a giant list of names several years ago  Recommended streets for margaritaville resort  And it remains to be seen if they're going to use any now I was looking into  Have any of the street names been declared?  It seems like the main drag that gets you into the margaritaville resort is inspiration street  And that one's on the map and that could be a leftover potentially from the like  It was like a chinese gardens or something before I forget unless is that a buffett thing is inspiration?  Buffett somehow i'm trying to think that might be a lyric in a song  I feel like he's more into perspiration from sitting out on that hot beach all day  Well, there could be a perspiration street that is adjunct to inspiration story.
 We'll find that out soon  But the only one there there has been  uh unemployment fair  Uh to to start hiring up for margaritaville resort orlando, uh, and the address of the hiring fair  I don't know if it's a permanent building or just a tent  I don't know what people found when they got in there, but you were directed to go apply  At 8011 fins up circle  So that's pretty good.
 We got one we got one there  And I don't know if that was on the list.
 I don't know if that came from us that might that might be a basic  um, somebody sent us a couple street names they saw from a  Government thing and they were all pretty generic.
 I'm trying to remember where that map was that was that on facebook?  I'm not sure  Because there's certain ones like fins up or like I feel like we have fins up something  So like is there going to be a situation where we claim we made that up or are they going to say well, this was obvious  It's got to be clear cut.
 It's it's it's got to be one of our deeper ones  I don't know if you can remember any offhand.
 I was a fan of short street.
 Uh, I I was pushing for margarita strida  Um, I don't remember any of yours, but like it's gotta be one that's clearly from us  I'm interested in the employment fair aspect because I feel like I read an article or heard something not too long ago that like  There is a shortage of labor in orlando  Like not a surplus which they've they're building so all these places are building so much  There aren't enough people to work the jobs or just like the jobs are kind of thankless and probably underpaid like housekeeping  or custodial  Which the answer to that shortage is lure people there with money pay them more  how  How like come on is it this this is where it gets dicey for mike because to call the nameless  The faceless disney and universal corporations to call them greedy or say they're not spreading the wealth is one thing  But to put the blame back at your hero.
 Mr.
 Buffett  Well, yeah, it's a different situation because like he has a different lifestyle and like the brand is just a totally different brand  So there's obviously like economic concerns that you guys aren't even thinking about when we're talking about the margaritaville like brand and lifestyle  And like jimmy himself as sort of an entrepreneur like he needs to have a lot more capital on hand to make  Bigger more innovative changes with the business.
 So I think yeah  I think it's totally unfair to sort of put them in the same box  No, I mean that is we we were passing around a times article a while back from from when jimmy was working on the musical  Which has since closed that like right the one thing jimmy doesn't really do nowadays because of all his endeavors is really live the lifestyle  Right.
 He's too busy.
 He's too busy  But is it my instagram as my my it didn't it kind of confirms my instagram theory  Of them shoot like doing a photo shoot with him on a beach once a month and then spreading it out during  The month to make it look like he's just constantly on the beach to make it look like he's not in a boardroom  Trying to soak those minimum wage workers for as many benefits as they can  Well, I won't work for lower.
 What do you mean?  Meanwhile, look at a intern is posting like him in a hammock  With a big coconut drink and like I love life.
 It says under it if they were  Truly part of this lifestyle.
 They'd work for gumbo  Um, well so that's all exciting there but there are uh, non  Uh margarita centric events occurring.
 Yeah  There's more.
 Um, what else do we got? Uh, um, there's uh, let me see  Uh that what the skyliner is opening we talked a little about the skyliner  When we talked about the monorail, yeah the the gondolas that are going to be a new transit system  Connecting a crop of disneyland hotels and connecting epcot at the international gateway and connecting  mgm student, sorry hollywood studios, uh showing my age  I i'm interested.
 I mean, I think that'll be cool.
 I'm always down for new modes of transits.
 We know  Uh, I think uh anything around mgm studios is mostly going to be uh, get people out of star wars, uh  stuff, uh, mostly distractions from uh, the  Potential crowd nightmare that will be galaxy's edge.
 Yeah  As we're talking about do we delay it or not? But why don't why not?  The I mean obviously the seismic and we're gonna add we're gonna disney world or and disneyland  We're gonna start by quizzing scott on the three different  Locations that you could refer to star wars land as obviously we said one.
 I know them  Yeah, now now I know it's so, you know the planet name is it batu? It's batu  But what's the town called black spire outpost?  That's good.
 Good.
 Very good.
 You've hammered it in number three  Well, I was saying galaxy's i'm saying galaxy star wars galaxy's edge  I was making sure there was not a third that I didn't know or the number four star wars land  The thing everyone will call it.
 Yeah, with the millennium falcon ride in the uh, the big ride and the other the different ride  The different ride, uh, we haven't we tweeted about this.
 We haven't talked about it on the show  Uh, we know the names of the star wars rides and one of the rides is called  uh star wars rise of the resistance  and uh, which is mainly  It's mainly uh, tributing alec baldwin's work, uh defeating the trump agenda sure.
 Yeah with a with a quick  fist to the face  Baldwin style to some random guy black irish karate  And then and the other one is called the millennium falcon smugglers run  That's yes poland smugglers.
 Oh, yeah, we got we need to get every we need to get  Semicolons and winky faces and every possible  And ellipses every piece of punctuation disney can jam into a ride name now  What's what ride starts this trend of like galak mis guardians of the galaxy mission breakout twister ride it out  That's the way I said it a lot in that episode  That's the that's the totally the predecessor of this new bizarre way things are named  I mean in all fairness, we do have a podcast with a colon in the name and we're not a ride  No, we are a ride, but we're not sure uh, but like some of the services we have engaged uh, patreon and  There was a set.
 I don't know if it's on t public  One of them does not allow you to have a colon in like your username or something like that  So we've been stripped of our precious colon in certain sections of a website that you would never notice unless you went hunting for it  Surprise no one called it out yet.
 Also.
 Well patreon.
com  Podcast the ride you don't put a colon in the later part  I would send you the wrong break though.
 You have a you get a virus from break the internet like ralph himself  Is mickey is it mickey and minnie's  Runaway colon railway  I know but it should be semi-common minnie's runaway  Railway rail rail question mark way  Exclamation point that one I guess the mickey minnie that is a pretty good name.
 I feel like that one's fine  Yeah, but it does feel like it's a lot of there's too many more than two words often in a in a name  Two thoughts is I think the problem  Yeah, two or three like thoughts is what's happening here.
 Are they both called star wars this?  Maybe technically.
 Yeah.
 Yeah  So that's but you feel the like the the legalese  Of it and you know, no human being is going to  Who will ever like a child will not say we have to get to star wars rise of the resistance  Do you guys want to ride ride of the rise? I can't even say it rise of the resistance  It takes you back to the days of michael eisner wanting to call  Uh call the ride star ride  In the early days, but I think it's I don't know.
 I think you'd be lucky to have as  As tidy of a name as star ride.
 What do we what we know about this ride?  Is that it's like you're escaping from the jail  So that doesn't really suggest anything about that.
 I who who knows like that could not be the ride  But like you're talking rise of the resistance.
 Yeah, excuse me rise of the resistance is about a jail escape.
 Yes  Yeah, it was it was it at the code name alcatraz for a long time and they called it like battle escape essentially  I think yeah  It's a ride about a rise  Of a movement.
 Yeah, because the rise of the resistance is like  That's what's happening in the galaxy, but that's not what's happening to you the entire  Some the story of the resistance rising which takes three films to tell  Will just happen in three minutes in one ride.
 Yeah  I don't know what people are going to call that  Well, because you know, I watched that holiday that two-hour one of the holiday specials and they kept asking  The performers what did they ride and everyone just kept saying I wrote the avatar  I wrote avatar even though there's two like no one's  Oh, they aren't even disney's allowing people to not allowing it  I think because it was like they didn't they they were just like well megan trainer just performed  It's gonna look better if we don't cut and we just talked to her naturally or whatever  But it was no one's saying like wait a minute  I'm already I had some problems with megan trainer on the last special and now you're telling me she didn't use the full title avatar flight  Of passage megan trainer you were on scotch shit list or the boat.
 What the hell?  What is that boat the navi river journey?  I believe is what it's called  But like I think people just call it like the millennium falcon ride and the other or the big ride or something  I think by not calling these things something specific  You're forcing people to sort of use a generic thing and invent their own name  There will be like a populist name for these rides essentially  I think you should come up with something as good and catchy as space mountain or something for each thing  That would independently find that's fine, too  I think when we will know more once we know what the ride actually is like will people call it the escape ride or the  lightsaber because like there's talk about like you're in a ride vehicle halfway through you get out then the experience changes and then there's there's  That's not on the ride maybe that's early stuff  We don't really know we don't know really know what I think  I know can I tell you what I think I know sure what I think I know is that  The first part of the ride is you wait in line  The whole thing the whole premise of the ride is that you're just going on a regular space flight like star tours  So yeah, by the way, this might be legit  Yes, you're in a magic rising bread line  Yeah, you're in the bread line and you're they're like let's go up to space and eat your bread while you look out onto space  It's gonna taste better up there.
 You'll get kind of more oxygen into it.
 It aerates it  Yeah, it makes a lot of sense.
 So you go in there  And you go in a ship like star tours.
 It's a simulator  You go up and it's high it's fun  You're in space and then all of a sudden you get caught in a tractor beam from a big imperial star destroyer and they pull you  In and at that point then you deboard in a hanger  And you walk through a giant hanger with a ton of robots  And that's the second part of the line  So you have the first part of the ride when you say get off is just that star tour simulator  That takes you up until the prison.
 So now they're putting you in prison  You're walking which is secretly another queue  And then at that point you get loaded into those fun vehicles that they showed at d23 and in that teaser  And there's like eight and eight and it's a trackless wi-fi thing and at that point  That thing zips around and by the way look up these teasers that they just released which are actual on-ride footage  From anaheim were filmed on the set.
 That's right.
 Yeah actors walking around and I didn't realize that until you said it  And when I went back and watched it, I was like that does look really cool  Like it looks like a full set because what's really what's extra cool about it is it's wi-fi  So there's not even tracks in the ground  Yeah, so you won't know  Where you're going in it  So it's basically like you just built the movie sets  And this car that can drive anywhere is just going to drive around it  Which is going to change from that's what i'm thinking visit to visit  It's i'm assuming there'll be some variations because that's what they do now  And we have not seen that in the trackless systems in domestic disney parks.
 I know no  Right, they had a pooh's honey hunt.
 Yeah, which apologies scott.
 I don't get to see it  Closer when i'm there or this year, excuse me this year.
 Sorry.
 It's this year.
 I'm good.
 That's hey  That's side note big theme park development for me personally.
 I'm so excited.
 Yeah, that's for sure disney  Tokyo disneyland tokyo disney sea and uh san rio puro land.
 Oh, yeah all in my future  And tokyo maybe the decision to not do  No, oh not that i'll do the dome city.
 Yeah, I'm uh, no, uh, no universal osaka for me  That's what we decided sizable distance between the two sure  Yeah, and I and we thought about it and like yeah  but if we uh, you know if we went I could go take a picture under the uh,  The king kong in city walk osaka we could post it on the twitter  And I said that and I both like just stared each other in silence and they were like, okay, so maybe not do uh,  So apologies no picture.
 Yeah  um, so  Yeah, I think that's why we were all we were just talking star wars  So yeah, so that's that's the rumor of what the ride is and then at that point you're shooting through and then I guess  The resistance comes to save you i'm hoping that droid there's a droid on each car  Is that do we know that for 100 you can see in the picture?  Oh, they're a little black droid in the car in the front and he's like bad, but I hope he's not like I hope he turns  I see so each car has a droid on it, which is fantastic  Cool.
 I also by the way, this is just a side note.
 I was going through the mice chat message boards  These fuckers  Are like this video doesn't excite me at all about this ride  2019  I couldn't believe it like multiple people being like what is this show?  This isn't as good as this space mountain teaser from the 70s  And it was like yeah this space mountain 70s the space mountain teaser is one of the best things ever.
 It's fantastic  But it's a different thing  And I can't like the idea that you wouldn't be like, oh they really like recreated a star destroyer  The millennium falcon teaser that was filmed in the cockpit.
 Yes, I believe that looks cool, too  It looks fantastic  which it's funny that like this this sort of practical thing that was created out of scraps and and  Whatever pieces they could afford in the 70s have become so iconic.
 It's just like yeah switches and shit  So yeah, that's true.
 We're essentially  Like yeah, it's like original star wars is a little like junkie and janky and now we're like perfectly recreating shitty  what they like threw which it does speak to like the  Inventive spirit of the original star wars with like leading edge technology  like the way they're gonna have to render the footage in the millennium falcon ride with like  room for um  Individual like if you shoot a wall the wall explodes, but maybe you don't shoot that wall every time  Well, no, you don't shoot for sure.
 It has to be it's fully so anyway  So there's also this video showing the cockpit of the millennium falcon, which is the other ride  Which is a giant video game essentially.
 It's a giant simulator, but all the graphics are rendered in real time  Yeah  so it's like that basically means that like you can fully make everything if you want to blow everything up in the  In the senior and you can I don't know that that'll be possible  But it means that there's like a lot of flexibility customization a lot of room is what i'm saying a high end  There there if you imagine like a really high end computer  It takes eight of those to run one of these cockpits or it's some insane amount of processing power  And it's like it's six.
 This is just totally nerding out  But it's like six people I think in a cockpit which also makes it like such an intimate  Experience because you're in the cockpit with just six people.
 It's not like  It's not an open air.
 Most rides are like six people eight people whatever  But like you're in this tiny thing with six people and you're in  Like the you're in the thing like they've recreated it perfectly you're in the cockpit how many cockpits I don't know 20  Hopefully because the thing's gonna have such a shitty capacity  You're gonna have thousands and thousands throughput in an app for an hour  But I was thinking like they in that video  They show like close-ups of all the switches and the dials and shit and it's like yeah that really  Like imagine going in the batmobile like imagine doing a ride in the batmobile or whatever whatever vehicle you like from your thing  Like being recreated perfectly and then just getting to do it because like for a long like anything  I feel like a lot of rides based on tv movie or whatever like they get close to the promise of it  But this really feels like it's it.
 This is it  Like for me at least when I watch that teaser of like wow  I am gonna like hit the switch like I've dreamed about hitting the switch in the fucking millennium falcon and now i'm gonna get to do it  So like the switch so exciting.
 Yeah, both of these rides  it's yeah, it's uh, it's it's really something and it gives you like um, which it shows you how like  Think about how in in 1986 star tours was a satisfying  Yeah, uh, oh you enter the world of star wars and what they chose as representing that is totally acceptable and great  And the way that the films have grown and all the I mean obviously there's been you know  Many movies since then and the universe has expanded but the way like there is now need for  Totally different micro experiences within  Star wars it's almost a little like I mean obviously you could invent an entire park of disneyland size  That is all star wars sure stuff  Just true of harry potter as well, and you don't wonder like if there's already  Discussion of that or how you sure that people float those ideas.
 Yeah, I mean it makes sense  Yeah, I mean the one of the rumors for  Universal still unannounced third park in florida is like well  This will have the american magic or though it'll have some sort of fantastic beasts  Sort of element.
 Oh, I see  To to complement the the other harry potter stuff.
 Yeah, it is funny because like I think for years  Once they have the star wars ride in disneyland or disney world as a kid even you're like got the star wars ride  Yeah, that's it you and your kid had I don't think you were thinking well  They should do a ride about the 8080s and they should do a ride about  I want to fly the falcon and want to go to a street market and a restaurant with but end bar  right i'm interested in that like after the way cars land turned out and  So much what I like about cars land is just the place making and the level of detail  And that is a very important part of the star wars films  But if you're just watching it for the character stories, I feel like it's very easy to glaze over this sort of like, you know  dirty  breathing  Galaxy that surrounds these characters very interesting what they do with that in galaxy's edge  Yeah, and it's kind of a lot like we're talking all about the rides, but it does seem like you know  Look, how's it up? We've all done it.
 I was up at harry potter the other day  Uh, and like I didn't even go on the main ride like so much time you end up spending like i'm just gonna go down  This weird little alley and it seems like clearly they're trying to cut into that  Uh that piece of things and it's though  I think the crowds are going to be hellish at this thing  It's going to help in the long run that all right a lot of people are rushing to go to the ride  But a lot of other people are just meandering around  Side streets and looking in what that what's in this window and let's all just be in this shop for an hour  The toy darien toy shop you might be talking about.
 Yes, I am waddo's waddo's a brand of alien  I failed that test.
 Uh, i'll i'll try to have the right answer next time  Well with aliens too like with star wars aliens wandering around talking to you potentially  Engaging with you or yelling at you if you messed up the falcon like now, let me say this  I  Don't want to do that.
 I don't want anybody talking to me.
 I'm a guy that goes into a store  I don't want anybody bothering me.
 I'm like I'm a i'm afraid of being harassed by streetmosphere people  I think I made it through the brooklyn people in the window talking to me at universal and I even  Improved with them a little and that was fun, but they're at a distance some monster in my face  I don't know man.
 I bet though I bet the distinction in your brain is this and I could be wrong  but if it's like  A humanoid looking person with a little makeup or something or just you know an alien smock on  You probably don't want to deal with them.
 But if there's a full  Puppet man or like a vendor who's a big creature that talks.
 I think you're going to be all into that  Yeah, you like talking to like animal you like talking about robot animals and stuff  Sure, so if you're if there's a thing that doesn't look like a human  I feel like I might be into it interested in the mechanics of it and just watching it go by  I still am going to be more into like he's talking to a group of eight people or I watch it from a little distance  Right.
 I don't think I need to be talking to the guy  Though now i'm i'm recalling the video of you mike  Like yelling at kylo ren with specific dialogue.
 Yes.
 Yes  You will be all over that you will nail this thing  I had to psych myself up to do that though because I generally don't I feel too on the spot and I remember going  I'm gonna say something at kylo ren  And  I don't think I I didn't plan it out, but I was just gonna respond  I respond to whatever he says so I think I have to get psyched into it too  Because I don't know what you said I did I liked that that was just pure like 12 year olds  Yeah, I think I just was a contri contrary to him.
 I think I will never give in to the  Yeah, I think yeah, i'm trying to remember what I said and I  I remember I was like, yeah  I will never uh, I will never give up on the resistance or something and then he said something  Like I will rule the galaxy or something.
 Yeah, but what if you don't or something? I said something along those lines  Very simple.
 Yeah, good and it was fun and I was thrilled to have the video  So yeah, you want a video with you talking to star wars character? You know what?  Oh, sorry, I I say this that I don't like I don't like talking to the characters, but I was up at universal  recently  with with a friend buzz buzz and I did we did interact with uh,  Juice and I told him to have a gross day  I mean that's  I'm saying that I don't think he heard me  This is this is a larger maybe discussion about performers in parks  But I do think it's sometimes performer specific as well if I feel like engaging  Because some performers you go, this is a little too much or like I don't want to deal with this  But sometimes a person there or a ride operator impresses me so much.
 I want to engage with them  It depends you can win me over even if i'm sort of not feeling social or feeling like I need to perform or something  But if you have a bit or something that I like like we were just on guardians  It was the uh, it was the halloween overlay monsters after dark monsters after dark and a guy  Usually people are okay on that ride  They don't have fun bits, but this guy did a bit and the whole premise of the ride is that the monsters are out  Everything is going to shit  And like you just got to get up there get Groot and get down  But like be careful because monsters are gonna eat you this guy had a full bit  He had developed where he was a monster that escaped and stole someone's clothes  And like he was doing the whole thing.
 I loved it.
 I was like this guy's great  I went on it once and a guy was doing a different bit where he was like clearly in a daze.
 He's like  Uh, this isn't normally my job.
 Uh stuff is just kind of weird right now  I'm a janitor like he seemed really confused  That's kind of fun  I like kind of like that turns around and his shirt has a giant hole with burn marks on the back  And I was like, wow, they let them have some  Fun with this but this I wasn't like going back and forth with this guy  I was just but I was like more willing to be like, yeah and like I respond like  Excitedly responding to him.
 So I do feel like in any different parts of the park depending on what the performer's doing  I'm more willing to like go up to them or i'm more willing to banter  I think it'll be interesting to see how they incorporate like immersive theater kind of techniques while also making it  Palatable for a general audience and also doing it with like the biggest crowd influx  Maybe in theme park history for the immersive stuff  We should have a friend of the show and regular guest  Eva anderson on to give us a perspective of the immersive thing because that is also like you should be consulting on  The world or that um, what's it called in utah that the void people are making ever oh, yeah  Oh, I can't remember.
 I know what you're talking about.
 It's not everlane.
 That's not everlane.
 That's where you go for great quality  Everwood or something? I don't know  Um, and we get taught we there's more stuff to get to so we'll wrap up the star wars part  But there's the biggest thing we haven't even talked about especially for you  Of course is to see your old friend again your favorite character in fiction  Yeah, and I I think I dropped it in an episode a little while back  But this according to jim hill paul rubens is back as rex  Or at least they asked him which is a weird piece of news to give if it's not a done deal  But oh hopefully fingers crossed and yeah, oh any now.
 Yes, you're right all  Rules out the window if I can talk to rex for a while if rex will respond to you or something like  Yeah, I mean that would be the dream  Yeah, I mean probably he's just gonna be like a sunny eclipse style thing where he has a kind of a thing  Like a track I think so so I will like  Lay i'll just go home and while i'm falling asleep imagine the moment where he's like, I think you're cool scott.
 Yeah  I don't I will say though the mr  Potato i've never seen any i've never I guess looked it up even the mr  Potato head at the toy story ride.
 It does talk to you.
 Yeah, they're like customized  So there are specific things there seems like an area of these things where they can sort of tailor it to who?  Uh is in front of them, right?  But it's not yes not asking about your name or your profession  So maybe it's he's gonna say you're a cool guy, but you will still not get that scott.
 He won't say scott  Yeah, but he might say you're a cool  I'll film a bunch of video of him and edit all the sound bites when I can find two specific words that can form scott  Or i'll just pull it out of you know, if he said butterscotch and I could just pull scott out of that  Evermore park evermore park in utah.
 Sorry.
 It took me so long to hold that void  Companies vr.
 Yes, but it's not vr.
 It's not vr.
 It's like a fully immersive you interact with people  There's no rides and their sets  No, I think it's more like storytelling and an immersive play a friend of the show  Todd martin's risk wrote a big thing in the la times about it  Sorry, we'll cut this up but uh, I was you were doing a little bit of that last time  I forgot to tell you can you hear it? I can hear you.
 Okay.
 Shit.
 Sorry.
 It's okay.
 Oh, sorry.
 I'll cut that out.
 Yeah  Anyway, it looks very cool out there and also the voids  Rnd  Department is out there.
 So please have us out.
 We'd love to check it out.
 We would like to come out.
 Thank you  um speak okay, so  We we I would love to go there.
 Um, but speaking of another place i've never been  So i'm going to talk about a thing very brief, maybe not briefly, um, we've never been to dollywood  But dollywood is opening an expansion.
 Ah in 2019.
 Okay  And it is called wildwood grove.
 Uh-huh and it's like a pretty big expansion in the dollywood  In relation to the other like the size of the park I should say  Um, and it's got like it's very are you guys familiar with this a little bit or no?  Um, I not I saw a little it's like very colorful a lot of lights  Uh, there's a ride called the black bear trail where you it's a very kid ride where you ride on the back of a black bear  That's pretty good  sycamore swing which is basically just a swing ride  Uh like that big like a ship that goes up and down frog and fireflies, which is a kid ride  The mad mockingbird which is again a kid ride where you're right.
 It's a lot of animals  You're riding on a lot of animals, which is nice  A dragon flyer, which looks like a little bit of a coaster  But the whole thing is it's gonna have like very a lot of lights.
 It'll be very cool at night  What i'm extra excited about is  The new characters being introduced  Oh, there are three new characters.
 Oh boy.
 There's not a ton on them, but we kind of like that better  I feel like yes leave it as a mystery.
 You have to go over there in person to figure it out.
 So  meet franklin frog  What a person what a personality this happy inhabitant has  Playful and jolly this guy is more personality than your average amphibian  He likes crowds and is more than happy to demonstrate his riveting skills  So this thing mentions twice how good of a personality but then is not that specific about his personality is he has a lot of personality  Yeah, so they have to come back adventure and he's a real foodie and he loves content  Oh, he loves content  Uh, this is benjamin bear benjamin bear gives the warmest friendliest cuddly hugs in all the land  His happy demeanor to lead with in this modern day and age fair enough.
 He's gonna get me, dude  Uh, his happy demeanor is evident in his hugs.
 No wonder there's just not a more genuine bear in all the forest  Huh shots fired and all the other bears, yeah disingenuous bears, but no he's the most genuine bear again  This kind of just talks about his hugs twice and then he's genuine  And then the last two characters are flit and flutter  Uh, wait now are they bugs? They are like fairies.
 I think  In a land inhabited by hundreds of rainbow god damn it butterflies flit and flutter are ambassadors of beauty and grace as they make their way around  Wildwood grove wow you angrily deal with the flash site of wildwood grove  The famous catchphrase god damn it  That is dolly would not be happy with me cursing in the middle of this  One thing I don't put up with is wearing.
 Yeah, don't like swears.
 She don't like swears  Anyway, we were invited to a press conference for this announcement last year last year conference  Yeah, but they didn't realize that we were not in pigeon forage  We'd love to see pigeon forage  So i'm saying though that when wildwood opens I maybe I email again and we see if we can go meet  Uh benjamin bear and get one of his trademark hugs because you know where we can first hug damn it  I don't want some run of the mill.
 Yeah, the the 700th hug.
 I'm number one  And you know where we could stay in pigeon forage.
 I do margaretville hotel  So i've never been to speaking of things we've never been to I think this is interesting  We haven't really addressed lego land that much.
 I think it's come up on the show, but i've never been to either of them  There's one in southern california  And then there's one in florida and there's a few others around the globe  In florida, they are opening a full lego movie land with three new attractions and  Uh, I believe it is a re theming of of an existing land  But they they are new rides and I think it's notable to point out because it is like  Oh, this is a brand new land based off like a very successful box office hit with a sequel on the way  So i'm curious to see how that works out.
 I've heard people with little kids too  Tend to gravitate towards lego land.
 I think it's very affordable and very very fun for kids  Someone's just telling me they're like you gotta go to lego land.
 I was like, oh, okay  So people I feel like people speak highly of it.
 Do you know the rides or no? Uh, no  Okay, I do not.
 Uh, I I read about they're out there at theme park insider  I think has a rundown of them.
 They have hotels too.
 They have like lego themed hotels that look very cool  Sure neat.
 Um, that sounds good.
 And yeah, lego movies are pretty big franchise to have rides based on so that'll be  There's lego.
 Yeah, is lego batman involved or is that too?  No, I don't think I think it's mostly the main characters because I like the fun.
 I like I like that movie  Okay, but I like that  I like that  Oh, yeah, yeah, we saw it together and we were like, oh we want it more from the characters.
 Yeah  Well, if this can turn into a review of the lego movie then yes, I wanted to like I don't know why  harry potter characters show up and then they're like take over and like  Godzilla and non-batman characters when we get all the fun villains at the start, but anyway  Well, you've got a similar thing going on in the I I have recently been dissatisfied by the film ralph breaks the internet  Oh, I know you see I understand  the  Getting all the princesses together sure got it  but in the internet the  Princesses are in the internet and they're literally hits a point where like ralph's like swinging around a pinterest pin  And then all the princesses like rescue him in the internet  It is an internet problem and the princesses have to solve things are getting real people are real confused these days  Yeah, I also I mean that first like one of the first preview images where it's like they're in  What looks like a train station or something and there's all the different portals to like marvel pixar  And i'm like that's not that that's feels more dystopian than fun to me the way you have released it as like  Look at this.
 This is what we're leading with and it's like, oh, I don't know  Is that still in the movie?  What when they go to like the portals of the internet like the crossroads of the internet and they see marvel and star wars and stuff  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah  Happens like you like go down a hallway and there's a stormtrooper and there's yeah grumpy  Like yeah  finally  The general idea of stormtroopers and grumpy meat sort of not like one like passes by the other right the promise of all of that  Is so much greater than what probably ends up happening.
 Yeah, and it all happens so fast and also it's all predicated on  The the website excuse is that it's all promoting something called.
 Oh my disney.
com  Which i'm a we do  We were theme park podcasters for hours a week.
 I've never heard of oh my disney.
com  Hey, I guess hey it works now i'm talking about it.
 Yeah, I know about it  Honestly, if they had just said it's all because of disney plus or whatever, which is another  If the movie was the reveal of the streaming service that makes more sense to me  I think the problem with this and one thing that  the problem with this seems like it's it gets  An issue it's something wrong with what was good about the first movie, which the movie was specifically  Just video games and all of the characters from the video games interact and look they got sonic and they got  the street fighter people like yeah, the internet one it's  encompasses all  things  And so much and the internet at the bat present is a terrifying hellscape dark place  I mean, I'm concerned just the phrase the disney princess is on the internet.
 I'm like, oh those princesses aren't gonna  Google  Don't look at john laster's computer  I yeah  Yeah, I was at I probably said this before at d23 and I was watching their movie panel  Which is always like three hours long and it is fun because I like as you know  I like being in a big room with a bunch of people who are excited about stuff  So when i'm in the room  I texted everyone excitedly when they revealed rex was going to be in star wars land  To everyone in this room got a text from me.
 I think and it was every one of the room went nuts  As if like the rolling stones in 1972 are taking the stage  They were like and a friend will be joining us again in star wars land  It's rex and everyone went nuts and i'm like, this is great.
 Yep.
 I would have looked good thing.
 I wasn't there  I would have lost my voice.
 Yeah, you'd like penal mania for me  Rushed the stage and passed out  Smelling salt scott here  But we they were showing movie stuff and like  Boring movie stuff.
 There was that chris pine boat movie that no one but the people were still cheering and applauding happy to see chris pine  and then ralph breaks the internet and they show the scene with oh my disney and marvel and star wars and you could  Feel in the room that everyone was like  It's a bit  Crasse, okay  And then the princess scene which doesn't make any sense in the context  But then that played well and the audience then was won over and loved because it is fun  To see all the princesses together.
 Yeah, and it's like oh that just make that movie.
 What the hell is it doing in this weird movie?  Like this is fun.
 I get it  But you know what else is weird is that a lot of they frame the oh my disney thing as essentially  That's a disney fan site.
 So the the setting of all the disney stuff is essentially like a comic con hall  So you're in a convention center watching a film about watching a scene about a convention center about disney fandom  It's really i'm interested to see well if it's different though, because I don't I wonder  You know, that's weird.
 That's a weird.
 Yeah, like feedback loop.
 This is like a  second beat of a comedy a second beat of a sketch you're talking like  Where it doesn't line up a lot  Where stuff doesn't work like a sequel to a comedy movie and it's like well now  They don't work at walmart anymore  Now they all work at a water park and you get to see the characters with these funny traits  Do this thing and it's like oh kind of missed the mark.
 I like the first place that being said this was an  Unbelievably successful film.
 So I maybe i'm in the wrong.
 However, I did watch it with an audience  That was deadly silent except for when miranda singh showed up and that was rolling stones  Seriously giant reaction  but um, you know what let me let me shift things over to a  Super exciting area of ip we've been talking about kind of off the beaten path parks  uh, and in 2019  over in hershey, pennsylvania  there will be  Uh a thrilling new attraction with you know, we've complained about some of these what some of these rides are called  It'd be impossible to complain about the ride title  Reese's cup fusion  One word cup fusion cup fusion now if you recall on the hershey park episode with evan susser  we  Talked about a ride.
 Uh, uh, yeah, it's a ride called a Reese's extreme cup challenge  Which is kind of a shooting gallery buzz lightyear style ride, but that's like a extreme sports  competition kind of in like the the simpsons poochy  view of how to be cool for  Uh youths today and it seemed a little like odd and out of date though fun  I would love to go on that ride, but it's I didn't realize it's being uh,  Replaced by another it seems like probably more of an overlay  But the uh, this this new ride is called Reese's cup fusion and Reese's cup fusion challenges you  Let me take a breath here  Reese's cup fusion challenges you to protect the crystal cup  That gathers the world's love for chocolate and peanut butter and uses it to power the Reese's factory  so  We're not only halfway through the description.
 There is a crystal cup and the job of the cup is to gather chocolate love  in addition to this  Hershey park is getting a 150 million dollar new entryway called chocolate town  Not be confused with chocolate world, which is next door.
 I'll let it slide  It's a new arrival  Front gate 15th coaster restaurant bar patio ice cream parlor and confectionary scratch kitchen  I think that's where they built, you know, either they make chocolate from scratch or you make it a  2200 square foot starbucks store  Uh the largest kettle cord location at Hershey park a one-of-a-kind kisses fountain a new  Home for the hundred-year-old carousel and a flagship store  So they're redoing the entire entryway to the park  And a new coaster and this new thing so big year for well, you're coming in hot like out of nowhere  Hershey park having a mega year.
 Well, can I go right back to the ride real quick?  Yes, uh the cup that stores love for chocolate, is that right? Yeah, this is the world's gathers  Yeah, so I you know, all I have to go off of is this sentence, but I guess like  Um, I don't know.
 I mean they hear us on this podcast  Talking about treats and desserts and such and I guess that energy  In a monstropolis type energy gathering situation somehow  it comes out of our mouths or stomachs and  Uh is filtered and flies through the air all the way to pennsylvania  And it's all it all is stored in a cup and it powers  It um, yes the Reese's factory is not powered by electricity  Uh, it is powered by hand chocolate love chocolate and peanut butter love  Yeah, which is which great by the way because a lot of bad global warming reports recently  We need to find alternative energy and for sure the love of peanut butter and chocolate is fantastic  And it's an endlessly renewable obviously right if jason were to go toward this thing  Would it overheat and the whole place blow up because it couldn't store that much love for peanut butter and crystal is melting  Yeah  The cup is losing its shape.
 You get it.
 You understand now everything makes sense  There's a crystal cup and if jason walked up to it it would shake and shatter because  His love is too strong his love is the strongest on all in earth of all earthlings  He loves chocolate and peanut butter the most if that's probably true  I mean that's that might be true  I mean in the way that we're saying that like some of the logic is off and ralph breaks the internet the the  Logic behind this the game of the chocolate crystal is perfect and needs no more the crystal cup the crystal cup crystal cup  So you're protecting it on the ride you're protecting it  The I the only say the rest of the plot the crystal cup is under attack  I can't even get through that sentence.
 I'm so choked up  Yeah, these bastards are trying to take the cup in their own hands.
 The league of misfit candy.
 Is that right?  That's right.
 They're all they are also candy but like I guess  Weird they're bad.
 What's the thing from uh, uh voodoo donuts the the the box of uh, oh a bucket of misshapen  They're like a bucket of misshapen.
 They're all weird and they are not chocolate or peanut butter  Which is the only thing that the only things that Reese's traffics in well  Yeah, I first off I think the bucket of misshapen are benevolent creatures  but I could see the the  the enemies being like  Mary janes or burnt peanuts or circus pete like these sort of uh candies like oh  I don't want this if you go trick or treating they're like they're weird like novelty flavors that taste taste like poop or like, you know  Black licorice with chili spice.
 Yeah, they're they're like nightmare flavors  Maybe they should be like call them like bad and plentees like if there's some bad and plenty  You gotta watch out for mean and plentees  Mike and spike he's mean  There are a couple heavies  I would think there would be like grandma candy like wrapped  Boring sort of wrapped candies in a big dish or something.
 Oh that are kind of like  Sedate and like not is they're they're all time.
 Is this sure?  What is the flavor even they've been in there forever? They're 30 years old  They're like where there's a particular type of like chalky mint andy's mints.
 Oh, maybe yeah  Don't you say a thing about andy's mints?  He loves I do like andy well, I think i'm probably thinking something worse than what you're talking about  There's like if you leave them for a while.
 I see.
 Yeah, okay  Well, it's some bad grandma candy.
 They're bitter about having been trapped in a in a  Vase for so long and they want in on that rhesus factory  They want the cups power for themselves.
 So along the way you must zap the league of misfit candy members and save the factory  Which I like that that's good jason getting there and being like  military precision  Super driven like yelling at other people for not firing enough  Oh 11 year old jason would have been all in on that and also 33 year old jason is all in on that  Like slapping your dad in the face for not  Not taking it seriously if it didn't go well, though.
 I think you'd be like everyone out of the car  I'm doing this alone  I'll take care of all of these taking all the guns operating them with his toes when I get back  You're all being court marshalled perfect score  Let's hope that the crystal cup is never under siege again so that you sorry  Sex of shit don't have to be part of this army again  You have to wear your general's outfit too.
 Yeah on the ride.
 This is I can't believe how much  Came from two sentences about this  This is this is like meaty there's a there's a thick chocolate center to this little paragraph about Reese's cup fusion  Wow, maybe this is my new  VIP of the year.
 This is you like referring to  Mr.
 Toad is the underground brian eno of right? This is this is the cool.
 This is the eno of 2019  Sure, yeah new and experimental and using bizarre words that don't roll off the tongue at all lots of exciting things going on in  Pennsylvania also getting the first branded cartoon network hotel right outside of dutch wonderland.
 This is a smaller  Kid-friendly theme park not too far from Hershey  Yeah, it's an interesting spot for them to test out a cart, you know adventure time powerpuff girl cartoon network themed  Hotel, but certainly there is  I'm curious to see how that goes defunct land recently had a  an episode about the  Long-gone  Nickelodeon themed hotel in Orlando, which was interesting terribly unpleasant  Yeah, it seemed like it had some popularity  But then like a lot of these things you got to keep them updated  And if you're not doing that people kind of gravitate away from it.
 I know it's kind of  off of  Cartoon network, but still every restaurant in that place better be packed with szechuan sauce  They're in a lot of trouble.
 Well, it's not adult swim.
 No, no, sure after dark, but they're related.
 Oh, yes power  Right.
 There you go past 10 o'clock, right then szechuan sauce comes out  Of szechuan sauce.
 Mm-hmm.
 Jesus the police department is gonna hate that  Hotels gonna constantly be getting swatted by people not getting their szechuan sauce  Overrun is gonna be closed in two months.
 Yeah  What else do we got? Hey right here back in California?  And at at our  increasingly beloved knots  We are getting an overlay of the the rapids ride  It is now going to be calico river rapids and they're going to be  Animatronics on this thing is going to be a big old big foot  I'm really excited about this show scenes rapids with show scenes show scenes and tying it into the  mythology of everything else  Which is what i'm very excited about too.
 Yeah  Uh, yeah, so because now it's calico.
 There's a calico mine already there, but now it's calico rapids  So like that's all going to be in some big story universe.
 They're building as well, which is fantastic  And I love those rides and the animatronics are going to be done by garner holt who did all the animatronics for those other  There for the refurbs of uh those places.
 So it's going to be like a I i'm so excited those two I have  Those knots dark rides i'm so fond of yeah that there's essentially going to be a third  now, uh, and it's also real, you know ups the game over at  Grizzly river rapids at california venture, which is fine  But there's not much going on theming wise and now you got a big foot to grapple with over at knots step it up dca  Grizzly river run  What grizzly river run? It's not rapids.
 It's a run grizzly river run  Yeah, I would have had to double check that  Somebody just told me that there is a rapid ride.
 No.
 No, wait, there's a there's bare animatronics on a ride  in  Maybe it's not a rapid ride.
 Maybe it's like they're it's like big thunder in hong kong.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah  There's a there's a crazy animatronic on that thing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, maybe i'll save it for that  It looks almost exactly like the one we have except with a big crazy.
 Yeah  Discovered that interesting that is yeah, because it's called something  It's a different kind of coaster different design sort of their their equivalent to big thunder in hong kong is very different  So different episode not on the not discussed on the big thunder one  What I think on on our live episode tony baxter talked about how he and his buddies just sit around and talk about how to fix knots  And I feel like maybe the solution is slowly re theming all the rides to tie it into  A one narrative or into a similar narrative one big old story just one year to like each year you re theme like  What's that horse ride where you're on a horse?  A pony express pony express.
 It's calico pony express now  Because they that ghost town alive interactive thing has been very successful for them, too  Um, and I believe that ties into the calico mythology  Yeah, the calico the calico extended universe.
 I love that.
 I'm in yeah  In general what i'm looking for in 2019.
 There's not a lot of details, but i'm looking forward to haunts in 2019  I'm looking forward to mazes.
 I'm looking forward to scare actors.
 I'm looking i'm gonna do horror nights  I'm gonna do not scary again  And we'll see what else i'm excited about that because that will result in episodes where I  Do no research and I just listen to you.
 That's true.
 That sounds great  So I ain't going i'm going on after haunt jason, what do you can you declare right now?  Will you go with me to haunts or will you not?  I'm like 50 50 right now.
 So you're not even you won't even commit to partial like going to a couple  But I thought even 50 50 on even if i'm going or not, uh, i'm definitely not going all in like you  I think I would check out a little more.
 I think i'm just gonna go a little gradually a little exposure therapy for me  So, uh, what do you think you would start with? What do you think?  Would you do horror nights or would you want to go back to knots and do half the mazes?  A little more of knots.
 Okay.
 I think horror nights is a bit pricey for my taste  Uh, okay now I see  Now I see what the real problem is here.
 You're scared of the money.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 I'm also  Dollars jumping out of your pocket  You know what I didn't do this year I  Was built right next to boney island and has been there a lot longer the ghost train  Which I think is a more whimsical.
 Oh, sure sort of thing, but also a little more sinister  So I'm curious about that  In terms of like big e tickets that we haven't addressed  There's a new harry potter roller coaster coming and I think for my money.
 I mean, i'm very excited about the star wars  stuff coming but i'm a little that's tempered by the uh,  Crowd predictions like and nervousness about the infrastructure holding out.
 Yeah, but this harry potter coaster  Looks like it could be incredible scott.
 I think I alluded to this on another show  This isn't just a launch coaster.
 This is a multi launch coaster  Oh boy what they're rivering about that this thing might launch you throughout the coaster, huh?  and is is  Seems to be on trend with the predictions of what are coming like this is a coaster  But there are multiple show scenes.
 Uh, so you'll stop is the rumor.
 You'll stop.
 Oh  And then interesting and then you'll shoot  Yeah, sounds cool.
 Yeah, that's that cool.
 I'm you know, i'm getting over.
 I think I have this is a fun little like  achievement if i've had I had I not been put into a corner by y'all and matt rogers and I felt like I had to  Overcome and I like I don't know.
 I think it truly as I've said before I think it was like a  Like a breathing issue and Aaron and Aaron pointed out  on  In credit coaster, I I conquered it.
 I did it but even doing it a second time.
 I was  Re-nervous.
 I was nervous again, and she said you know what open your eyes  I think when you close your eyes, you are imagining worse than is happening, right and potentially getting more disoriented  Keep those eyes open.
 I breathe.
 I think it was a physical issue  And i've uh, I figured it out.
 So I don't know.
 I'm more i'm more launched down at this point  I like I always have liked the launches but I went on  Rock and roller coaster last march like two or three times  And the third time I do feel like my body fully got used to it and got comfortable on it again  So I like I felt the transition my body was making and I liked it all the times  But the third time it was like pure joy as opposed to the first time which was fun  But I think I was like a little stiff a little whatever so like  I do think there is a lot of like your body being comfortable for some of these things  That's what I used to really like about the original version of the incredible hulk coaster is that there's dialogue and you can kind of know  What's coming when the dialogue is coming?  We have to figure out what the deal is and why we both had headaches on the new incredible hulk coaster  Yeah, because in theory it should be smoother.
 It should be much smoother.
 It's not I am a raise too many gamma rays  I also have not last time there's like hardly any story now.
 So that's kind of you think that's why you had a story  Your brain was an occupier disappointment  Uh, just for a personal thing scott.
 Do you have do you think it's possible to  Break mission breakout by the end of the year.
 Do you think that's even on the horizon?  I think it's a different thing  Uh, and erin was even honest with me.
 I was like feeling a little like braver and like maybe should I and she was like this is  This is this is a step above uh incredible coaster  uh, yeah, I think like I get pleasure out of the like once i'm past the launch and like  Uh, and if I can deal with the bigger drops I get pleasure out of all of it  I don't think when the one time I did a tower terror.
 I don't think I enjoyed any aspect of it  I just didn't like it the only reason i'm so pushy about it specifically and i've said this before it is  Of sensations on any of these thrill rides.
 It is my favorite sensation  On the roller coaster.
 I still get in places.
 I get tense or sometimes if the loop my head hurts a little bit or my  Stomach can't quite deal with it.
 I've gotten to the point now where the tower the towers it's pure fun for me  And like it doesn't like i'm not sore.
 I don't hurt like it's just so great  So, I don't know.
 Maybe i'm just different but I don't know.
 What do you do  Let me ask you.
 Do you like the sensation of a roller coaster more than you like the tower of terror?  oh  Um, or what what's your feeling? I don't know, you know, I don't really have a fear of heights  I do you do.
 Um, I think tower terror, especially florida  Yeah, I mean I just I like the dropping  I like hearing everyone screaming.
 I like the sensations and I like I I laugh through a lot of it.
 Yes  Uh, I just think it's delightful, but I do think I mean i'm not saying  Don't do it because i'm saying and have a panic attack and then i'm responsible but yeah  But I do think that's probably another like tense  Because I think initially I will say I think the tower the mission breakout will be easier because it's a launch  Oh sure as opposed to the other thing  So you won't even have as much time to tense up because I think that's you know, I I hated that on  Malabumer I hate  I did yes  To impress a girlfriend  Realized this in 2005.
 No, I did tower terror and  Oh, well, I did all of it but malabumers on outside  Yes, that that bothered me that that was my least favorite thing i've ever been  I've never been on one of the outdoor ones like that and I would have I would flip out on that  Okay, neither of you ever done doctor dooms fear fall.
 No, what i'll do you don't know about the fear juice  I know about the fear juice, but and I will look  He needs it to power his machine if we go in 2019  I will do it with you  All right  I don't want to do it and I think that is for sure a different thing  Than being inside feeling jackson five playing and you're in a room  I would flip out if I shot up on the malabomer for sure.
 Sure.
 Sure  Yeah, pretty pretty like naked.
 Yeah, you're feeling you're falling through the sky.
 You fell out of a plane  We said I hate the dangling.
 I hate the legs dangling that bothers me  Back to the the harry potter coaster.
 I mean not a lot has been officially confirmed yet  but there's been enough people have pieced stuff together from like overhead pictures and uh, someone made a  emulation, uh, or what it would be in like a roller coaster simulator program  Uh, someone also I think it's orlando park stop.
 This is a very funny thing over the summer  They kind of like connected all the dots and they put up a blog post end video saying like well from what we all know  And what the like?  Physical landscape is like this is probably what the coaster was and then apparently they got  Contacted by universal and said who leaked all this to you and they said no one leaked it  We just connected what was out there publicly and you have kind of de facto confirmed by confronting us  so, uh, yeah, uh, I'm still suspicious they somebody could have leaked someone could have leaked because it was  Very like they really seem to know  They were talking about who knows I don't know for sure  But it just but like multiple launches a backward section a drop section potentially where like the coaster drops  It's like just goes on another level or something  Set within the forbidden forest and hagrid will probably be there and some fantastical creatures  I think in terms of actual experiences.
 This is like might be one of the top ones coming  Yeah, that was quite a list you just gave that's all insane stuff and you gotta love like it's not this year  but uh, you know, we're we're getting mario kart stuff soon and I'd like anything where you're getting like  New things a ride is never done.
 Yes  pretty cool because it's such as i've said like the what the  engineering and the military grade  Technology has to go into this stuff.
 You're getting like these new  Experiences that uh, like shouldn't exist and can only exist because of billions of dollars being spent.
 It's so cool  Yeah, the rye vehicles for mario kart and for the guardians of galaxy coaster.
 Yep are all like multi-directional  Things where you can do a roller coaster but flip people around they're they're very actually very similar now that I think about it  So I was reading that I was a little late to recording today  I was saying because I was reading about patent applications and apparently the difference  So disney has filed a patent application for a roller coaster  ride  That looks very similar to gringotts and they're like, oh what's the difference? Well with gringotts the way they rotate the cars  Like it can only be rotated like in that area because the ride itself  The vehicle is pulling power from like charging stations in that area disney's patent  would be  Uh, the the power is coming from an on-board like battery or generator, which means the cars could rotate in like  turns or tight corners that aren't possible with the current like  gringotts sort of  Technology so we could see an upgrade of that sort of thing in these  Storytelling coasters, I think was that's what bob chapec called the guardians again.
 We're talking about 2020  But yeah, it's a coaster that like  You could put up a lift hill  But then you could tilt the car to the left if there's like a show scene of some kind happening  I don't know how you do that if it's a screen or if it's robots  And then you could flip it back or flip it behind  So like it gives the thing such a range of motion the thing that was coolest on the mario  Well many cool things but was that you could tilt it's basically a roller coaster track  And then the car built on top of it  But you could tilt it so you could actually make it feel like you were doing jumps  Because you wouldn't be able to see the track because it was so far down  So you tilt the car up and then you'd look like you would jump over like, you know, whatever a big space  on a mario teetery  Bridge or something like ramps like you do in mario kart you essentially can do on this ride  Right, so you would yeah because you would not be able to see the track  You're not be able to see you were elevated and it would just feel like you were flying spin it like spin out  As if someone wants to shell at you.
 Yeah, that's right.
 Oh, yeah, that's totally that pivot point  Or if you hate a banana peel like right.
 I mean i'm sure i'm i guess i'm not sure but  It remains to be seen how many cars can be on the track at once for mario kart  um, and then  But it's like if it was truly possible to have it be so  Flexible that with like augmented reality you could grab a shell and throw it and you could make cars spin out in real time  Oh, I mean, I don't know that they can do that, but i'm sure that was in a blue sky at some point  I think mario kart is a real like I don't want to say dark horse.
 That's a weird  Phrase because it's a big ride that's meant to be good  But I think it could sneak up in terms of and take over some Disney stuff for the best ride that exists currently  Yeah from there's a leaked picture of that from a year or two ago  um, and if it's if it's like that if it looks like the track that was laid out in this picture like it's  I can't imagine you wouldn't I won't want to like live in there  Yeah, guys, isn't it cool being part of like a we truly are in like one of the golden ages of this stuff  Yes, yeah  many times I feel like and we kind of it's it's fun to be an adult and be like  Remembering the stuff from our childhoods, which was a golden age  Right, and then it was it's sort of in and out whether theme parks were doing a lot or good  Through up until now and now we clearly are in one of the best runs there's ever been.
 Yeah, I mean uh,  The patents that universal filed a patent recently universal filed a bunch of patents one of them similar to the  roller coasters that rotate for show scenes that are  Popular is seemingly getting popular  Was like a ray a log ride or raft ride where you would have you could rotate?  The raft for show scenes  So imagine the Jurassic and not on a track because the pirates ride in shanghai does rotate to little show sequences  That's got a track underneath it.
 This would use obstacles like in a rapids and presumably water direction to  rotate the boat  to show scene so even if like none of this stuff comes to pass and like  This patent is exactly 100 with the ride would be even using elements of this  In like next-gen rides.
 It could be incredible.
 There's rumors  of a full jungle book  Like thing over in world showcase or animal kingdom like it could be either one but like a full using the shanghai pirates  um  Uh technology for like boats that flip around and can change and stuff  But like a full like jungle like cgi jungle book thing which sounds awesome.
 Geez and all this on top of  a patent being filed to have to make a crystal cup that is power that is  Gathers the world's love for chocolate and peanut butter  Well, you don't need to file a patent to love  You just do it you just feel it  That's true, uh, i'll say that uh past looking past 2019  Disney in 2020 and 2021 has stuff like the guardians of galaxy coaster and epcot the ratatouille ride  Which coming to epcot and the tron coaster coming in magic kingdom, uh, which in my head I was like  Some of these are they've already built these in other parks  Why is it taking so long the answer being the 50th anniversary of disney world is coming up?  So they're clearly trying to stack the decks for that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah  I was just gonna add about that guardians coaster at epcot that I think what did he say you can fit three spaceships earth  Spaceship earths inside the building or something or is it more like fights like a huge building  So like the roller coaster is getting big.
 Yeah  Um, yeah, there's a lot of a lot of crazy stuff and then what's good about it the future is that  Uh, and this is only for theme parks not in the future in general  That's all bad.
 But theme park future good, uh is that universal seems very aggressive, especially in orlando  Which is going to hopefully keep this arms race going  Yeah for a little while they have to compete with island h2o live water park  Right and in general sunset walk and the entire margaritaville establishment this could run universal into the ground  Two water parks in orlando with rfid based wristbands that only kind of work.
 Can you imagine?  Yeah, everyone's on the run golden age, uh, uh, we're in it.
 Well, we're very excited  It's gonna be a great 2019 and hopefully for this podcast as well  Uh, we have some we have some fun ideas already.
 I feel like of stuff that's got like more  More theme months and more more garbage.
 Hopefully we get to rent another live show.
 I have like a lot of  Big ideas that I don't know if they'll come to fruition, but at least if a couple of them do  That'll be fun.
 We won't say what those are but there'll be some live shows.
 There'll be some you know new stuff  Oh, yeah fun stuff behind the second gate the stuff for the patreon episodes  Yeah, um  and remember that our  Podcasts and our microphones are powered by your love  So we need to hear it.
 We need your emails podcast the right gmail  We need your itunes reviews those really spike those really make the crystal cup  That's in the center of the room while we record the podcast go nuts  Uh, and yes, but unlike  Hershey's chocolate, which we know is powered by the crystal cup  No one has any idea how the itunes charts works.
 They are a mystery and perplexing  And no way to tame them who knew there were this many video game podcasts coded as games and hobbies  Now you're bitter at the other.
 Yeah, you're mad about that.
 I'm just more confused  Uh, yeah, well, uh, we need maybe we need to be like the league of misfit candy and uh,  You know see if we if they have crystal cups that are somehow gaming the system  We got to take them and then we got more crystal cups and we're straight up to the top of the charts  Yeah, yeah, um, so you can help us in this endeavor also by tweeting at us or going to uh,  Our instagram or subscribing to our patreon podcast the ride.
com.
 Uh, sorry.
 Sorry.
 No, no, no  patreon.
com  Podcast the ride no colon and uh, so uh, yeah, that's it you survived podcast the ride  It's gonna be great 2019 gang.
 Happy new year.
 Happy new year everyone.
 Yay  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by mike carlson jason sharridan scott gairdner  Brett boham joe cilio and alex ramsey  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  And subscribe to our shows on apple podcasts spotify or wherever you get your podcasts  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on twitter and instagram  At forever dog team and liking our page on facebook