 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains Singapore Austin Powers,  the ugly side of fake rocks,  a deleted scene southern accented Arnold Schwarzenegger character,  an intense quiz about main character names in Avatar,  and a fully three dimensional look at T2 3D Battle Across Time  with special guest Griffin Newman.
  Come with us if you want to enjoy a podcast.
  This is Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, hosted by three guys who would be totally cool with  cyberdine's rise to power as long as they had a decent theme park division.
  I'm Scott Garener, joined by Mike Carlson and Jason Sheridan.
  Yeah, I'm Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, that would be honestly, that's one of the things about the horrible, scary future.
  Companies consolidating, machines taking over jobs,  but the technology for theme parks and theme park rides going to be very interesting, very cool.
  So that is something to look forward to.
  I was thinking after thinking of that line that we would probably be,  we would be like sending each other videos of the demo for the T1000.
  This is pretty sweet.
 Like is this for a stunt show or something?  I think Michael Bennett Dyson has done it again.
  They filed a patent for a liquid animatronic.
  It's gotta be, it's gotta be for a Marvel thing.
  Like this, wow, so you could shoot a thing apart and then it reforms?  It's not a screen.
  We're like interviewing its creator at like a live show.
  We're like, you're so cool, man.
 You like made all of our dreams come true.
  You working on anything else cool?  Yes, a couple things.
  The actual creator is dead with a twisted neck backstage.
  Robert Patrick has taken on that form.
  Let's not go much further with that bringing in our guest.
  Returning to the show, continuing his podcast ride 3D film dissertation from the Tick and from Blank Check, it's Griffin Newman.
  Thank you so much for having me back.
  Real honor and a privilege.
  Two things I want to share right off the top.
  Jason had messaged me and I'm in town for the WonderCon convention in Anaheim.
  In Anaheim.
  Right.
 So he saw that I was going to be in town and said, I don't know if you'd want to come on and talk about other Muppet stuff because there's so many other Muppet things in the park between the shows and the things they've helped I haven't done.
  I don't know if I want to pigeonhole myself.
 Just be the Muppet guy.
  As the Muppet guy.
  There's a little pigeonhole yet.
  And then you messaged me and said, what if you did Terminator 2 3D?  And I went, oh, I will totally get pigeonholed as the 3D movie.
  Well, that's a little more open-ended.
  I will happily accept that pigeonhole.
  Well, and this was a Reddit request.
  I wish I had the name on it.
  A couple of people were talking about this on our subreddit.
  But this did apparently come up before on Blank Check.
  I apparently said it was one of my five favorite movies of all time.
  Terminator 2 3D, which I think I made a similar claim during the Muppet Vision 3D episode.
  That's one of my favorite movies of all time.
  Both justified.
 I don't want to like.
  Great films.
  Yeah, I don't want to just spoil our takes in general.
  But this is like I was realized I think this is one of my top 10 favorite theme park things ever.
  I think also I mean, I assume this is uncontroversial opinion.
  The third best Terminator film.
  Oh, sure.
  If we count this as one out of six.
  I in the last 24 hours in order to like make sure I could make such claims, I had not seen past two and I watched three Rise of the Machines last evening.
  And this morning because I fell asleep while I was on during what was described to me as the most exciting part.
  Rough stuff.
  I mean, I was tired anyway.
  But like, oh boy, what a bunch of like aesthetic lists post matrix leather for no reason.
  Have you seen the other two?  No, I have no idea.
  So I guess you have it with the machine.
  I like rise of the machines.
  Genesis and salvation are like nightmare movies.
  Yes, salvation is kind of stunning.
  How like kind of empty it is, how nothing it is with like with like as big of a lead as Christian Bale.
  Yes, it's like a guy I usually like Sam Worthington.
  Oh, yeah.
  The world's greatest charisma magnets.
  And we're not selling himself.
  Jake's selling himself.
  I just in the last like three months sat down and like even one sitting beginning to end watch T2.
  Like I had seen the whole movie in pieces over the years.
  Wow.
  But just in one sitting sat down and watched it.
  It was a fairly long sitting because it is a long movie.
  Yeah.
  Which I had forgotten about from only seeing it in pieces.
  I had in one sitting seen Terminator three rise of the machines for some reason.
  Really?  Out order.
  Yeah.
  How does that change your perception of everything?  It kind of makes some stuff make sense.
  I feel like there's a lot of there's a lot of them going between set pieces in T2.
  Like there is a lot of like threads between like, all right, we got to get to this chase and we got to get to this chase and we got to get to this sequence.
  But they're fun little like character exchanges.
  I think you're getting to know I mean, you're getting to calm down a little bit.
  It really is kind of like the first modern blockbuster in that sense in terms of how it's structured.
  Very much like five massive set pieces.
  Yeah.
  Hold up.
  What's connecting those.
  The effects look better than some movies from like five years ago.
  Yeah.
  Are you criticizing Terminator 2?  It seems like I'm reading between the lines.
  You seem like you're saying a little long.
  Judgment Day for Jason.
  I know.
  I thought like it was good.
  It did just feel long.
  I mean, I feel like my criticism nowadays is for most movies is that is long, which maybe it predicted that.
  You and you are not going to be happy when we're sitting in the theater for three hours and two minutes.
  Four intermissions, right?  I guess.
  And it has an overture at the start.
  Alan Silvestre's Avengers theme.
  Yes.
  Before I forget, the other thing I want to say as a pre note was at WonderCon yesterday, we did a signing for the tick and a guy came up to me.
  He was like one of the last people at the signing and he leaned.
  He was like very shy and he leaned in and he said, please go on podcast the right again.
  Wow.
  Oh, amazing.
  And I said, Hey, buddy, I'm going on it tomorrow.
  And he reacted as if I had proven that Santa Claus was real.
  He thought it was like a fight.
  Like it was going to be like, you know, well, I don't know.
  Those guys are going to be into it.
  They see my bad terms last time.
  And I said, dude, it's on the books.
  He almost had a tear in his eye.
  Yes, I did not realize it because at the time that I came on this and I just offhandedly said pizza riso is bad.
  Oh my God.
  What you were walking into.
  The episodes had not been released yet.
  And I didn't realize that there were going to be like eight consecutive episodes.
  I land somewhere in the middle of that of everyone litigating the pizza riso gate.
  Out of nowhere.
  Yeah.
  A couple of people just walked in without realizing what a thing it had become.
  Really the battle for salvation of its day.
  I do like that everyone agrees that the pizza is bad.
  I mean, that's not even a part of the argument.
  It's about have you seen the party room upstairs?  It's the party room and is it enough theming?  I think that's the argument because the argument on both sides, one side is like this doesn't look like anything.
  Where's the robots?  The other side is look at the wall.
  Look at the poster.
  The poster has a word that's a reference to the Muppets.
  That's cool.
  So it's really I feel like the debate is how much do you want?  I want a lot.
  I agree.
  I probably fall on the side of just selfishness of the potential of a Muppet restaurant as many people have brought up in the ongoing pizza riso podcast.
  The potential is so great that's a little disappointing.
  I perhaps didn't spend enough attention to everything on the wall because the general theming of the room is pretty generic.
  You have to really look at the details.
  And certainly I have now seen video walkthroughs of the party room and I appreciate that that is a much better room.
  But I feel like it's a failing if I can walk in there as a massive Muppet fan, eat a full pizza and leave without noticing the amount of theming there is.
  Look, I agree with that.
  The play might be to go to another restaurant and get like the mobile order to go whatever other whatever trendy food thing Disney is doing a poke bowl chicken and waffles.
  Right.
  And then take it in the party.
  The riso.
  Yeah.
  Sneak out Galaxy's Edge food.
  Smuggle it.
  Because the pizza is truly terrible.
  Yeah.
  It's next to a good it's next to Mama Melrose which has like a wood burning like real pizza oven which is good.
  And what's supposed to be the original Muppet Gonzo's Pizza Place.
  Oh, interesting.
  I even got so far I was watching the yesterworld series of videos.
  They have all like a video about unbuilt stuff or remnants of stuff that was unbuilt and Mama Melrose has these very unique rafter system.
  And that was like, all right, this is going to be the Gonzo's Pizzeria and Rizzo and his friends and family are going to deliver you pizzas from the rafter like animatronics will deliver it.
  And that's why it was.
  And then they ran out of money.
  The contract got weird.
  And look, my problem with pizza is the same problem I had with Pizza Planet before it, which is just like there's so much you can be doing here that I kind of I'm reluctant to give you faint praise for what you have done.
  Right.
  You know, this is a thing Tony Baxter has come back to, which is, you know, you don't get you don't win points for what you did given the budget.
  Right.
  The audience doesn't know that.
  Right.
  Like it doesn't say the budget on the on the outside of the building, which would be funny if it said like, here's how much money we had.
  So like, isn't it good what we did with it?  We prefer it.
  Sure.
  I think the way they utilize the limited budget they had for and credit coaster is clever and pretty effective when I heard it was just, oh, it's like a repainting and a reskinning of the thing.
  I was like, this thing is going to be so lame.
  I was so ready to be underwhelmed by it.
  And I thought this is a pretty decent re theming considering the schedule and the timing they had.
  And I wasn't really grading it on that curve.
  You know, I wasn't giving them credit for maybe it would have been better if it had been designed from the get go.
  But like going on that at night, you're like, this is a pretty effective Incredibles ride that works in a different way than, you know, you don't want it to be the only Incredibles ride.
  But if that's the one that's there now, great.
  And I think the real test is if you like took it all out and said we're going back to California screaming, would anybody be?  It would be a minus.
  It would actively be a minus.
  I'll say this.
  Though someone listening for sure.
  Oh, I think multiple people listening.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Spending the last couple of days walking around Anaheim, but not going into the park.
  So I have seen the IncrediCoaster skyline.
  Oh, yeah.
  The convention center.
  It's been right in your face.
  What really strikes me is I wish they had made it look like the entire roller coaster was her stretching.
  Oh, and it feels like they're pretty close to doing that with the red tunnels.
  But the white of the support feels a little incongruous with the Incredibles aesthetic.
  And I feel like they could have had like a sculptural arm, you know, or her head on top of the thing.
  $50 million.
  Yeah, you can.
  Like there's that whole section that's empty on the when you're looking at it in the park on the left that you could put some big, tall thing just to them.
  Spinning light contraption like just something doesn't make sense.
  There's a bunch of things like that, but it's pretty close.
  Like it's it's not, you know, I mean, it's I think it works.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They got to do something, though, like that view that you had on what is that?  Catella's at the street.
  That's that's not the best view for like imagine if there was a big like stretchy Mrs.
  Incredible like luring you into the park from the back of Cars Land looks like the back of Cars Land looks really bad.
  Yeah, I was sort of the neighborhood.
  I think because I'll say the the Guardians sort of facade looks really good from a distance when you're driving up.
  You feel the magic.
  Yeah, they did the back.
  They did.
  It's great.
  Right.
  The back of Cars Land feels like, you know, you're walking through like the set of Superstore or something.
  So I plywood, you know, I was down.
  I went down to WinterCon.
  I saw your panel and walked around and I took the shuttle.
  I had to park at Angel Stadium, take the shuttle over.
  And I was like, oh, yeah, the back of Cars Land looks like Catastrophe Canyon.
  They put up a slight metallic fence, so it wasn't just girders.
  Yeah, it's a little a little better than just girders, but still just like some very bland metal work.
  So damning it with faint praise, I guess.
  But that's like I mean, for the amount of energy they put into trying to sell that Pixar pure was different than Paradise Pier.
  You look at that skyline and you're like, it still just looks like a Ferris wheel and like a white roller coaster.
  By and large, it still just kind of looks like an old boardwalk carnival.
  You know, you have to get up close to see what they did different or be in those tunnels.
  Right.
 And I like I like the red tunnels and I'm like, you're so close.
  You know, Incredibles is all like red and black and yellow.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  If they painted the whole thing.
  And she's a stretchy lady.
  You're very close to making the thing look good.
  Because I think when you're on it, it's pretty effective.
  The internal theming.
  Yeah.
  But it's I mean, there's still they still have to put that inside out thing.
  The repurposed Flix Flyers, which is a Bugsland ride, they're going to put over and make it like emotional.
  Right.
  And that's called the emotional whirlwind.
  That's the joke, though.
  But it should have been the emotional roller coaster.
  And I know it's what they wanted in credit coaster because that's the bigger film.
  But emotional roller coaster is such a slam dunk.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I guess the fact that they must have something to do with that.
  They had Incredibles 2 to promote.
  Right.
  I think so.
  But you wish like maybe they would have like done a simpler re theming of the what is it?  California Screamer was what it used to be.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  To be inside out and then just actually put money into making a proper Incredibles ride.
  But I guess they wanted to have something open by the time 2 came out.
  They wanted to be able to market it.
  It's a pirate on message boards.
  I don't remember if it was Mice Chat or WDW Magic, which one that it was like a last  sitter at the time when he was still around was upset that Pixar hadn't been in the part  like they hadn't gotten a new Pixar thing.
  So they're like, we'll placate this guy and give him some Pixar.
  And then there'll be a thing we can market as like you go over to the other place when  Star Wars land opens.
  Yeah.
  And I feel like I feel like maybe we'll get that inside out ride.
  And then like they'll just kind of be like, who cares?  We're not going to.
  We did what we did.
  We should have allocated some money for power washing that roller coaster because those  white beams are like dirty when you have on it.
  They're dirty white beams.
  They look like the cyclone or something, you know, like they're like old, like pre renovation  Coney Island charm.
  It's an old carnival.
  It's a fair.
  But that's the problem.
  That then doesn't mesh with like a babysitting adventure.
  Mickey's face is still on the pal around, which is so strange.
  Yeah, they all know.
  Everyone knows.
  Everyone knows.
  Yeah, that it's yeah, I have a feeling it'll be abandoned as soon as that inside out thing  is gone or is done.
  We're here.
  But it also feels like it makes sense for like since California Adventure didn't have  a strong identity for so long to be like this is where like, you know, throwing down the  gauntlet to be like this will be the place where Pixar and Marvel are more represented.
  Sure.
  But then, you know, the Marvel thing, it feels like they're doing very deliberately  working out those rights and figuring out the right technology.
  And the Pixar stuff feels a little just sort of like slapping new stickers on it.
  Yeah, I mean, it doesn't make sense to me that they didn't do like just put some robots  on the Grizzly River run and then put something in the walk around area.
  Yeah.
  And like rebrand that because that's an area not even trafficked very much.
  So you really have a chance to completely make a new identity for that part of the park.
  Yes.
  Do you ever get Slinky Dog?  Like they take out those like that weird like restaurant garden area.
  And I bet that's a moneymaker though for them over there.
  Yeah, maybe so.
  They could take out the goofy roller coaster.
  It's not a slinky though.
  I guess that's the other weird thing about it is that all these other parks are getting  Toy Story land now and all the Toy Story lands are different.
  So there are like 10 actual Toy Story rides that they could pull from now.
  Yeah.
  But most are bad though.
  Most are pretty.
  And all this supposed to be good.
  Yeah.
  It's supposed to be fun.
  Right.
  It's all in a well-made way.
  Many, obviously.
  But like we talked about before how like, oh, wait, so what is what are they calling like  the pizza and pasta and like that little stretch?  It's like, oh, that's still called Paradise Garden.
  So there's our pier Paradise Garden, which is different from Paradise.
  Pure is gone.
  But right.
  Paradise, Pierotel.
  Well, I guess what I was saying before is they're supposedly going to keep theming around  with Pixar.
  But I have a feeling it's going to be abandoned.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
  It's like they have some grand plan.
  You think there will never be a phase two.
  You think phase one ends with emotional whirlwind.
  Yeah, that's pretty close.
  And the Jesse one, right?  I guess that's almost open.
  Is it open?  It's open, yeah.
  But that's what I feel like they're just going to be like, I don't know, are we going  to re-theme the rest of the, there's like nothing there.
  Because are you going to re-theme the, what do you call it?  The swings, the silly symphony swings.
  The swings.
  People like Mickey on the top.
  What is that going to be?  It doesn't matter.
  Why would we change the stupid, like take Mickey out and put Brave up on there?  I don't know.
  Yes, yes.
  They do a lot of, they did a lot of Cocoa stuff for Day of the Dead in that area.
  So you could make that year round, I guess.
  There's too many bigger things.
  It's a lot of seasonal stuff they do over there too.
  And like you got, we have, either has to be a fantasy land expansion.
  They have to build more Marvel once this first underwhelming thing Marvel happens next year.
  Tomorrow, like there's so much stuff that has to happen.
  I feel like this has got to be in the back of the list or back of the line.
  It should be.
  It should be.
  Because it's a fine place.
  Even if it's inconsistently themed.
  But you want to, okay, you want to talk about a property that was not half-assed into a  theme park.
  Something that was done full tilt.
  One of the most expensive attractions of its time.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think it took that mantle from EO of most expensive per minute.
  Yeah.
  A fun good fact that short films and theme parks, kind of only short films and theme parks can have.
  Well, because the math is that it was what?  It was 12 million for 20, no, I'm sorry, 24 million for 12 minutes.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  But then it costs another 36 million for all the other elements.
  Yes.
  I had to check my notes.
  You had that in your head.
  I just, I was cramming everything before coming here.
  Yeah.
  Watching as many videos, going through the Wikipedia, watching.
  Because it's a tough, that's the thing also is it's like, unlike a lot of these shows  or a lot of these 3D movies, it's a really tough one to recapture watching on YouTube.
  Yes.
  Because of the way they integrate the onstage performers and the 3D footage.
  Yeah.
  Where you kind of have to watch it and then go like, right, I remember it sort of feeling  like this.
  Because watching a video of live actors entering a 70 millimeter movie is not as impressive  as you're there.
  Holy shit.
  And the screens expand.
  Yeah.
  There's so much.
  This thing did so many, there were so many innovations to this attraction that were not  done, had never been done before and can't be done besides by Universal.
  Universal has like four or five unique patents from developing this one attraction.
  Wow.
  Just from this thing.
  Was this what made Tim Burton, Tim Burton, James Cameron, is this?  This is what started the 3D.
  I wouldn't be surprised.
  His fixation on 3D.
  I would not be surprised.
  Maybe.
  Yeah.
  It makes a lot of sense.
  It looks so fucking good.
  What a beautifully shot film.
  Right, it's a 70 millimeter, 40 frames per second 3D.
  And the other ones like EO Muppet Vision have escaped as like we kind of have the real movie  of it.
  Right.
  You cannot, at least not YouTube, there's no like print of it.
  Right, because people will like, you know, pick just the one lens or whatever and make  a 2D converted YouTube version that you can watch and get the sense of the movie.
  And even Muppet Vision, the stuff that happens in the theater around you is a little more  incidental.
  Yeah.
  It's fun, it adds atmosphere when you're there, but it doesn't take away from the narrative  of the movie.
  The T2 thing is so ambitious in terms of like how many different sort of mediums it's using  to tell its story, that it's really hard.
  I watched a 30 minute video that was the last time they ran it.
  I got about seven minutes into that and I had to tap out.
  It's a lot.
  It is a lot.
  It's also when the woman comes out to give the like the speech as like the Cyberdyne  official.
  Kimberly Duncan.
  The character's name is Kimberly Duncan.
  They applaud like every line.
  She gets choked at one point and everyone cheers.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  That's the spirit of like, oh, it's the last time, but it's the weird.
  The last time she dies.
  The last time she dies.
  The mechanism that's clearly lifting her up, but it makes it look like he's lifting her  up.
  Yeah.
  That's right behind the podium.
  Actually, it had not occurred to me there was a thing there.
  Yeah, that makes sense.
  That video ends with at like 22 minutes the show is over, right?  Yeah.
  Because there are another 10 minutes on this video and all the live performers come out  on stage for a curtain call.
  Yeah.
  Oh my goodness.
  And they're all like crying.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like it's like, you know, opening night of rent or something and they're all like holding  each other's hands and cheering and then they like huddle and clearly have an intimate moment  with each other and then they come back out and take another round of bows.
  The audience is chanting something I don't understand.
  Then a woman comes out with a flag and is waving a T2, 3D flag.
  What?  And then it's like a minute of just like encore.
  That's just like and then one of the two Arnold's comes out and starts flexing and like macho  man like wooting with the crowd.
  It's crazy because they have two of each character.
  So it's weird to see like, oh, here are two Arnold's here are two like John Connors.
  I wish I was there though.
  I think I would have enjoyed being there.
  It was probably amazing to be there.
  It was probably a party to be there.
  Like that Pleasure Island Facebook group that I look at a few times a week and still at  this point, like the community.
  I never.
  Yeah, I see it shows up in the feed.
  Yeah, it shows up in the feed.
  I still am kind of blown away that I never thought of all of this stuff is just one big  theater company.
  Sure.
  Everyone in Florida, all the shows share performers.
  They travel.
  There's a guy I coached on an improv team, but he's from Orlando Pirates Dinner Adventure.
  And then we ran into him at this this coast Pirates Dinner Adventure.
  And he's also at Hogwarts.
  It's wild.
  It's just it's a small community.
  I'll tell you, my friend, Becca Siegel, who is a listener of the show, big fan of you  guys.
  Thank you.
  She has worked at both Disney World and Universal and Pirates Dinner Adventure and all of the  sort of pirates.
  What?  It's a circuit.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And and there is that sort of sense of like the last time I went to Florida and I saw  her there, it was like her explaining.
  It kind of feels like when people try to explain like the history of like improv teams.
  Yeah.
  Where she was like, so he was like my gangster when I did great movie ride.
  And then now I'm doing olive oil and he's doing Bill and Ted.
  But Bill and Ted just ended.
  So we're waiting to see if he's going to get transferred over.
  And it was it was we were there the beginning of November.
  I just fucking missed T2 closing.
  It was like a trip that had been on the books for a while.
  My friend Scott Craterman, who is also a listener of the show, and we like missed it by like  a week.
  Oh, man.
  But they had just finished doing Bill and Ted Halloween for the last time ever.
  That too.
  Oh, yeah.
  We're all wearing like shirts and it was like, oh, we're like a theater like we're the last  cast of Cats.
  Yeah.
  We have to like represent this.
  And they were all like crying and cheering and like going hard at like the Epcot Food  and Wine Festival.
  I mean, doing a play when you do a play the last night, there is that sense of catharsis  of like we all went through this together.
  And talking to John Murty, who makes Halloween Horror Nights, what did he said?  Like that happens every year.
  The last night of Horror Nights, all the scare actors, like everyone is hugging each other  at the end.
  Everyone's crying.
  Everyone out together.
  Like it's wild.
  The other thing I have found through doing the tick, which has a lot of stunts on it,  is a lot of those.
  I mean, that's like the way that a theme park performers pick up extra cash is to do stunt  performance in movies and TV.
  And also during dry spells, a lot of regularly working movie and TV stunt people go and do  the stunt shows.
  OK.
  I know there's a guy named Nico who's like one of the main characters on this new season  playing a creature as the physical performer.
  And it turned out that he had done like Indiana Jones stunt show.
  And I was like, what, when you got started?  And he was like, no, I did like two weeks ago.
  I'm like, probably going to do it again in a couple of months.
  He like pops in and that need is so specific.
  And wow.
  No kidding.
  There really is that sort of like traveling circus.
  Like if you've spent the time and you've done it, I think both with the people who like  do the face characters and the people who do the shows and the people who do the stunt  shows.
  Like if you have any one of those skill sets, it feels like they're constantly like, hey,  can you pick up a shift?  Do you want to come over here?  She's like the Disney in Orlando and Universal people that go back and forth a fair amount.
  They're not very territorial about keeping right now.
  One or the other have like a nice quality.
  It's not expensive to live in Orlando.
  I mean, I'm sure like everywhere it's getting more expensive.
  You can have a decent quality of life there in a way that like Los Angeles and New York  are a pain in the ass, especially if you are like a barely working actor.
  My friend, Becca, I knew her from doing improv when we were teenagers together at like summer  camp and then we did like improv troops together and stuff.
  And she then like just loved the theme parks during college, did like the work programs.
  And then when she graduated, was like, I just want to work here.
  And after a couple of years where they have like a pretty robust, like improv theater  community in Orlando, where they actually pay all the performers.
  What?  The shows are well attended with ticket prices because of Taurus.
  No way.
  And like every improviser in Orlando gets paid good money.
  And everyone was like, you're really good.
  You should really like, you should be doing this in New York.
  And she was like, I guess I'll go back to New York and try to do it.
  And she like came back to New York and did it for like nine months and was on house teams  and was like, what the fuck am I doing?  Like I'm like losing money.
  And she just went back to Orlando.
  I was like, yeah, do like like Tales of the Beetle Bard or whatever the Harry Potter  show is and like perform at like 18 different places.
  Like she gets a lot of variety.
  And what you get to do perform for rap, excited audiences constantly.
  Right.
  And she's like, I get to like jump between a bunch of different venues and a bunch of  different shows and wear different hats and like literally.
  Was it like four or five years ago when I was trying to encourage you to audition for  Austin Powers at Universal Singapore?  Yeah.
  And then you started sending one keeper when they started hiring Harry Potter.
  I think you were like here.
  No, in Singapore.
  I was trying to get you to move to Singapore for a year or so, I think.
  Before the podcast.
  Looking back, like it's like, yeah, I should have just done that.
  Why didn't I do that?  I feel like that's like the great tragedy of being a human being, though, is you always  go like, I can't like leave my life and go live in Singapore for a year.
  And then a year later, you're like, I had nothing going on.
  You always think you have more to lose in the moment.
  Yeah.
 But you don't take the thing.
  You can't use the tools and perspective you have now to judge yourself in the past, as  my therapist always tells me.
  But yeah.
  As you sort through your feelings about not being Austin Powers in Singapore.
  Yeah, yeah, baby.
  Yeah.
  I think a year from now, Jason, you will look back on this night as I can't believe I didn't  leave that recording and board a plane to Singapore.
  I should have clearly run off and done it then.
  It wasn't too late.
  You could at least be gold member.
  You could be gold member.
  Oh, man, if there is a walk around gold member.
  Universal Singapore.
  You know about a vital.
  I don't know.
  There's so we always find little hidden stuff.
  There could be a whole fifth.
  There could be like a whole like the full cast of Austin Powers, three face characters  in Universal Singapore.
  You think there's a Foxy Cleopatra walking around?  I'm just saying it's possible.
  For some reason, they only got the gold member rights.
  Yeah.
  So they can only do gold member.
  They can only do sumo fat bastard.
  Right.
  You can have Scott evil, but he's going to have the weird hair and plants or whatever  was going on with him.
  And then there's the like Tom Cruise, Austin Powers, Nathan Lane's cameo as a saucy club  goer.
 What is a movie I have never watched sat and watched all the way through.
  So I had no idea about Travolta.
  I've been missing big swatches.
  Do you know plays mini me?  Do you know based on evil Kevin's?  Kevin's basically that's an iconic Mr.
  Perry's.
  Britney Spears is in the opening credits.
  Steven Spielberg, Quincy Jones.
  Right.
 It's got so many goddamn cameos.
  I mean, I've seen that and I'll put that on for fun on YouTube once every six months.
  You watch Austin Pussy once every six months.
  Yeah.
 The condensed film, Austin Pussy.
  I will say I rarely like, you know, despite now having friends who have worked in the  theme park system and realizing it's probably a more psychologically healthy way to be a  performer in America than pursuing the traditional entertainment industry, which is like the  well of souls, I rarely go like, man, I would like that.
  What that looks like, that would be fun.
  I would love to play that character or do that.
  I do.
 I watched the T2 3D video and I was like, man, I probably would have had a great  time playing John Connor for a year.
  Like, I probably would have loved to play John Connor for a year.
  Well, but it is a job, though.
  And the normal job like coworkers, you know, spats and management being shitty, like all  of that still happens.
  100%.
 That's why I mean, I'm a negative person and I very quickly think about how annoying  any situation can get if you're in it for more than five seconds.
  And the John Connor thing was the first time where I was like, I think this would be cool  enough that I would be willing to put up with what was annoying about this job.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  There'd be a stretch there before the honeymoon ended.
  Right.
 I can attest from my theme park days one magical summer and I was ready for, all  right, here we go again.
  Oh, it sucks immediately.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  They are all making me wistful.
  You're making me want to go back and see if I can overturn that letter that they fired  me with because I hadn't worked a shift in seven months.
  I mean, you said in one episode that you would love to go back and get to do it like once  a year.
 Yes, I absolutely.
  The old John Lasseter.
  Run the jungle cruise again.
  Well, let's not put that on.
  A gentleman's hug.
  No, no.
  It's more like SNL guy returning to host the show.
  Yes, yes, it's like that.
  That's the way.
  Not like John Lasseter hosting SNL.
  Yeah, it's like when Chevy Chase returns to host SNL.
  Or Kevin Spacey returns.
  The cast is thrilled.
  Is he in the five timers club?  Did they revoke that?  I think he only got to three or four.
  Louis almost made it to five.
  Real close on Louis.
  There's that one year, the like last sort of pre Weinstein year of SNL has like six  hosts or musical guests who would never be on the show ever again.
  Oh, yeah.
  There's like a run of like James Franco, R.
 Kelly, Casey Affleck.
  Of course, John Lasseter hosted SNL.
  Harvey Weinstein.
  Harvey Weinstein.
  Great episode, though.
  Really good character.
  I mean, he's reading the cards.
  He's reading the cards.
  He's committed, though.
  He's committed.
  Except for the shirts.
  He would not take off the Hawaiian shirts.
  He just kept changing Hawaiian shirts.
  He dances with Jason Sudeikis on What's Up with That.
  Really great, really funny.
  He was having fun.
  Well, OK, let's I mean, I'm not even sure where to really start tackling this.
  But OK, well, I'll say this.
  The if you talk about what would be a fun part to be in this show, which, by the way,  is a synthesis of a 3D film and live performers on stage.
  I feel like the one bummer about being John Connor is that like I think you  you would have a really fun run of that, but at some point it becomes  pretty precise hitting of marks.
  And I'm especially convinced of this from watching  James Cameron at the rehearsal space where they've set up a temp stage,  mimicking the dimensions that will eventually be in the theater  parallel to where they were filming.
  Like they were spending time both filming on the sets they had built  and then going over to the airplane hanger where they built the replica  of the theater to make sure that the two things would work in concert.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Eventually building to I think way down the line, building to the 3D  team, having to consult with the live team, two things that should never  and rarely meet.
 Yeah.
  But that like that making sure the team one million is crossing  with the correct amount of seconds that it would take John and Sarah  to get from stage left to stage right.
  See, that's the thing.
  I think it would be a very difficult job and it is very precise.
  But there must be a thrill to if you're doing that show,  the audience is going to gasp every time.
  Like the first couple of times that there's that interaction  with someone going in the screen and coming out the screen.
  It's so fucking effective.
  The motorcycle coming out of the screen is insane and still looked good in 2017.
  You're just on some video.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Really? And watching on the video, I was like, right, right.
  The guys really don't look like Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 Sure.
 Sure.
  But you're so impressed by the fact that a guy has like come through the screen  that you don't care at all.
 Yeah.
  So this was my entrance point to the Terminator franchise.
 Me too.
  I was when I was 12 years old and had not seen the Terminators.
  And after that, I was like, well, that's maybe the best theme park  attraction I've ever witnessed.
  I was all in and then like went home, watched Terminator one,  watched Terminator two, retrofit it from like I'm buying what they're selling.
  Yeah.
 And I think I didn't understand how much mythology  there was around Terminator.
  I was like, is it just like a robot slasher movie?  My parents like hated action movies.
 They never let me watch them.
  So I think I kind of dismissed it in the way when you're a kid,  if you're not allowed to watch something, you pretend like you don't like it.
  Right.
 Exactly.
  I think probably I was like saying, I'd rather watch Beauty and the Beast.
  I just think scary movie doesn't look funny.
  It looks juvenile to me.
 I wouldn't even bother seeing it.
  I don't want to hear this jerky boys CD.
 Right.
  So I was in that mode.
  And then I remember my dad was like, you know, he had the boys.
  My mom was, you know, with my sister, who was very young at the time.
  And he was like, come on, let's go on like the Terminators, like a little edgy.
  It's kind of like a big kids ride.
  You know, and I think he liked that he knew he would be able to sit down in a seat  and not have to go on some like thing.
  But a little surprise at the end.
 Right.
  My father never seen any of the Terminator movies, like took us  just because I think he thought it would be like easier on his back.
  And I sat there and I was like, even just from the theming of like the pre show stuff,  I was like, I like this is like an evil company.
  I like that it's sort of like a consumer facing company  that's clearly like message as like having the sinister edge.
  And then when the video cuts in, I was like, I don't know who Sarah Connors.
  I don't know who John Connors, but I love that it's about them  trying to change the future.
  I was like so on board and I walked out of the thing  and I went to the gift shop and I bought myself a bunch of Terminator merchandise.
  Literally in the gift shop.
  And I was like, I love this character.
  I love the Terminator.
  And then like, yeah, yeah.
  Like a week later, like went back to New York and was like, cool,  I guess I got to watch those those prequels to Terminator 2, 3D.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And then it became one of my favorite franchises to the point  where I still do like kind of like three  because I'm so all in on Terminator.
  It's still giving you tastes.
  It's this image I know is the system I know and this sound and like.
 Right.
  Right.
 The other two for me are just like, what about the show?  I was when it was not very able to get into Sarah Connors Chronicles.
  I know some people like it a lot.
  Yeah, it's like there's so much.
  I feel like is there a franchise, though, with more stuff  that people don't like than Terminator? No, no.
  I like the mythology.
  It's called The Simpsons.
  Fair enough.
  I think what's weird, though, about the Terminator, though,  is that you go like, OK, Cameron makes two of them.
  Yes.
 And then they get him to commit to make the 3D thing,  which functions as like a little bonus little coda thing.
  But two and so conclusively, he says, though, in that video.
  Did you catch that? He says this is a third one.
  He says this movie might act as a bridge to the third one.
  Part of why I wanted to watch three, and I think it would only  it would only be a bridge to his third one.
  The other really weird, interesting thing about the Terminator franchise  is it's like the only massive franchise that isn't owned by a studio.
  It like the rights are so fucking weird.
  We're like the rights for all of them are different partially owned by Gale  and heard is that who the rights finally reverted back to him.
  OK.
 And then I think the Ellison's put up the money to buy it  to get to give him the financing to make because he's now producing this new one.
  Right.
 There's another fucking Deadpool guy.
 Right.
  Like, that's the thing that's so fascinating is like you go like, OK,  Simpsons, maybe now they're on average more episodes  that people dislike than the ones that people love.
  But Terminator is fascinating because like every five years, they're like,  clean start.
 We're finally going to get it right this time.
  Mythology allows for that because time distortion and the time straight.
  Like you could just say, oh, that one doesn't count now.
  A new new timeline in a way where it's like it seems insane.
  The way they handled that with all the X-Men movies were like trying to like,  oh, Matthew Vaughn breathe new life into it.
  Singers back, baby.
  It's like immediately he fucks up the timeline.
  He really fucks up the timing line and like, yeah,  Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman are back, too.
  But then we have to marry it with these young people also.
  And it doesn't really make a lot of sense.
  Terminator can just like hard reset anytime they want,  jump to any dimension or any alternate reality.
  But the weird thing is you go like, OK, he makes his one.
  He makes his two.
  He maybe wants to make three, but he never had control of the rights.
  And they were always like, you know, getting like because I think.
  Who was it? It was some company that then went under,  made and released Terminator two.
  Carol Co.
 Right.
 Right.
  So then the rights transferred.
  And then it was like, I don't want to work with these people.
  You know, like the people who then inherited it, the sequel rights, at least.
  He didn't want to make it for them.
  So then they ended up selling it to Warner Brothers.
  And he was like, I'm burned.
 I'm not going to do it.
  And then apparently told Arnold, like, you should do it and ask for more money  than anyone's ever made in a movie, which he did.
  Arnold made 30 million dollars.
  Oh, my God.
 15 years ago from Terminator three.
  That's kind of like the laziest of his performances.
  And then Warner Brothers felt like it underperformed.
  And then they let it lapse.
  And then it was like, I'm trying to remember the universal make salvation.
  Oh, I think Warner Brothers ended up distributing it,  but it was through another production company bought it.
  And they announced like whole new start.
 It's a trilogy.
  We're making a clean trilogy.
 That's the future war.
  It's the John Connor trilogy.
  And people don't like that.
  And then they're like, cool, new rights.
  I think that's when the Ellison's bought it.
  The Ellison's bought it because then David Ellison finances  Genesis, right, which was originally Megan Ellison was like,  Anna Perna is going to do a high.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  I remember this.
  We're going to make like Terminator has legitimacy.
  We're going to make a highbrow action film.
  And then she tried to do it for like six months and was like,  my brother can take it.
 He can fucking make whatever he wants.
  And then they were like, we're going to try to get back to basics like Arnold's back.
  We're going to try to like tie it back in.
  And then they gave him back.
 Right.
  The rights finally.
  She is.
 She is back.
  She's back in the new.
  She is.
 Yeah.
  Either pictures of her being cool and that aftermath or it's got a generic subtitle.
  It's impossible.
  And game.
 Yeah.
  Arnold's back in it.
  They're all.
 Yeah.
  Not for long.
  It's not bad.
 Right.
  And then there are a bunch of new Terminators.
  Who's what new actors are in it.
  Do we know?  Gadd.
  Josh Gadd.
  Oh, no.
  Megan Trainor.
  What's Mackenzie Davis?  Am I getting her name wrong?  Oh, it's from Home Catch Fire.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Oh, she's great.
  She's the new female lead, which is really exciting because she fucking rules.
  And she was in the new Blade.
  Like she rules in that made for these movies.
  Yeah.
 Really should.
  And then there are like a couple actors I'd never heard of who are like  the other new young leads.
  But you have like gray haired Sarah Connor and old man Arnold.
  Sure.
 Why not?  And Cameron's involved for the first time in 20 years.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  Like he's producing it.
  T.
J.
 Miller is a Terminator.
  That seems like a poor choice.
  No, it's like the three movies ate shit in a row, essentially.
  And then they're like one of these.
  And it's only been like two years.
  Like that's a crazy thing.
  Oh, right.
 The pictures of Linda Hammett with the spiky hair.
  Yes.
 She looks awesome.
  She looks rad.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 All right.
  But there was some weird thing where it was like the rights kept on getting.
  Kept changing hands because of companies shutting down.
  It would always be like two guys would like come in with Saudi Arabian money  and be like, we've raised 80 million dollars to buy the Terminator rights.
  And then like a year later, the movie would have bombed and they'll be in jail.
  And finally, there was something related, though.
  Right.
 After 35 years, the rights went all the way back to him.
  And so he finally got them back.
  Which maybe he knew all he's like, I'm just waiting it out around.
  I'm running out the clock.
  Yeah.
 Do that.
  Did he travel back to make this happen?  Should be also added.
  There is like a decade plus, maybe two decades of dark course Terminator comics.
  Yeah, there's a little bit of its own continuity.
  There's the row.
  This is really fun.
  Robocop versus Terminator comic written by Frank Miller, drawn by Walt  Simon, where essentially Robocop goes back  or terminator gets somehow Robocop creates the terminator.
  Really?  The time paradox.
  There's an endoskeleton in the Robocop armor, which I own an action figure.
  Yeah.
  Oh, wow.
  Will there be Avatar versus Terminator?  No question.
 Gotta be.
  Has to be right.
  Gotta be like it will be called Avatar versus Terminator.
  It has to be good.
  Well, no, I'm what it was.
  So where what studio has the new movie?  Oh, that's a good question, because obviously Avatar is now Disney.
  Right.
 So it's not Disney.
  But I don't know.
  I don't know what he's.
  But I'm like, did Fox have does Fox have the new Terminator?  Jason, if so, then it's right there.
  They would put the Terminator on that like montage of what was on their site.
  Disney is Glover.
  But they have alien now.
  Right.
 Disney owns alien.
  But I don't know.
 I don't think they have Terminator.
  Can a Navi fight a Terminator in the big suit from alien?  Yeah.
 I guess whoever the distributor of this movie is, it seems that  James Cameron has the underlying rights.
  That's true.
 Oh, right.
  Cameron's pretty set up at Disney.
  Good point.
  Paramount Pictures, 20th Century Fox International,  Sky Dance, Lasseter Country, Light Storm and 10% Pictures.
  Wow.
 Light Store, I think, is Cameron's company.
  Everyone's got a taste.
  Everyone's got a little nip.
  Oh, wait.
 Distributed by.
  So that's the production company.
  And then distribution is Paramount Pictures in North America.
  Walt Disney Studios, internationally.
  Oh, yeah.
  So they're interesting.
  I mean, we might see Disney  one in the Terminator and in some way.
  Oh, and then maybe new theme park attractions down the road.
  Right.
 Oh, my God.
  Because you have to imagine they're going to start trying to.
  I mean, the big Fox franchises, Planet of the Apes and Alien and Predator.
  Disney is going to start working their magic with.
  They did apes.
 Fuck.
 Oh, they had.
  They'll have to do it.
 They'll have to.
  That's one of those legacy franchises.
  Yeah.
 Franchise that could do anything.
  There will be.
  I think I've said this on the show before.
  When we it's all said and done, when we're 85 years old,  there'll be a hundred different Planet of the Apes movies.
  Yeah, there'll be 150 Terminator movies.
  Like there will be so many of everything we've had.
  And like five percent will be good.
  Yeah, we got to talk about this.
  This movie apparently involves Arnold Schwarzenegger's 1991  facial likeness being applied through CGI and Edward Furlong's 1991  facial likeness back.
  Whoa.
 Being put on another actor, being put on another actor.
  But Jude Collie is being credited as John Connor.
  What is the subtitle of this movie?  Dark Fate.
 Dark.
  Dark.
 No other franchise could be.
  Chubby rain.
  Wow.
 Dark Fate, huh?  That is interesting.
  I mean, they've already done D.
A.
  Aged Arnold twice now.
  Yeah.
 That's the other thing with how many failed like revivals  they've had is salvation.
  The one that Arnold isn't in ends with Christian Bale fighting  a CGI facsimile of young Arnold.
 Right.
  And they like digitally render Pumping Iron Arnold.
  And he has a naked fight with him.
  And he talks about how the pump is like an orgasm.
 Right.
  Which he does in the movie.
 Right.
  And Genesis has both an older Arnold and a younger Arnold.
 Right.
  They age him up and age him down.
  That I feel like I've seen the least of is Genesis.
  It's one of those movies that is almost impossible to watch.
  You just can't focus on it.
  It's almost impossible to find.
  Like, it's not a thing I see pop up on streaming services.
  I remember which is where this is so confusing.
  If we don't start talking about the 3D thing, but the 3D thing,  that's cool.
 That is one of the best.
  The is it the third best?  I think it's easily the third.
  There's an argument for being the second best.
  I rewatched the first one not too long ago  and had a lot more appreciation for it than I did when I was a kid.
  Because when you're a kid, like T2 is just like fucking perfect.
  Right.
 And T1 is kind of upsetting.
  Yeah, because Arnold's a bad guy.
  It's like it feels much more.
  It feels like 30 years of film technology changed.
  Yeah.
 Between the two movies, even though somehow.
  And also Arnold became like every kid's favorite movie star.
  And they were like, well, I guess it's got to be about  him hanging out with a kid now.
 Right.
  You know, the first one is like a slasher movie.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  We had no in whereas with the night in the 90s, it's now like a  like it sits right next to Wayne's World or whatever.
  Like, yeah, like cool kids with attitude like the Ninja Turtles, too.
  They made it like kind of their home alone.
  They like those are all like in a similar  like we've got a conduit with characters.
  Like like Simpsons and like Wayne's World and Terminator.
  When I was young and my mom wouldn't let me watch them, I was like,  I don't know which one has Icarumba and which one has Hasta la Vista.
  Oh, no.
 They all seemed like a similar vein of just like.
  They all say, dude.
 Right.
 Bad attitude.
  Like the comedy was parodying, though.
 Right.
  So like a lot of stuff I learned.
  I learned I saw the parody first.
 Yeah.
  Like step by step doing a parody of Wayne's World.
  Oh, step by step doing a parody of film noir.
  There's like a detective episode.
  And I think I'd seen one or two old movies, but I was like, I like this.
  I also like I got the impression from watching a thousand like cartoon shows  do Terminator parodies that his catchphrase was I'll be back.
  Like that was like the thing he would say every time he shot someone.
  And then you see and he only says it in one of the movies.
  Well, the later ones, they keep on finding dumb ways to bring it back.
  But it's like it's literally just him saying like, cool, I'll be back.
 Right.
  Like, yeah, it's not meant as a catchphrase.
  No, no.
 It's just like a cool fucking moment.
  Me having watched Terminator three in the last 24 hours,  I'm still reeling from talk to the hand.
  Oh, you didn't know about talk to the hand.
  No, but talk to the.
  I'm recovering from like a leather daddy.
  Yeah.
 This is wonderful in 2019.
  What a great voice to hear in 2019.
  Have you seen because this feels like the kind of pop culture ephemera  that you would go down a rabbit hole on.
  There is a deleted scene from Terminator three rise of the machines  that I think they didn't even put on the DVD,  but they hit it as an Easter egg on the video game.
  Oh, man.
 Well, you see the  the cyber dying like conference meeting  where they pitched the Terminator for the first time.
  Oh, and the guy showing the technology is Arnold Schwarzenegger  playing a man named Sergeant Candy with a southern accent.
  Oh, my God.
  And he's really jovial.
  He's like, I'm telling you, these terminators are going to get the job done.
  You won't be able to tell the difference.
  And it's like Arnold with this insane, like high comedy character.
  And then he like turns off the video and goes, so what do you think?  And everyone's sitting there.
  And then there's this mousy guy at the end of the table in the boardroom.
  And he in Arnold voiced dubbed  Vio says, change their voice.
  What? What?  And I never, ever heard of this.
  They explain it feels like a fucking mad TV sketch,  but it was properly shot for the movie.
 Oh, my God.
  And it's on the Internet now.
  And it's them trying to explain why the Terminator looks and sounds  like Arnold Schwarzenegger.
  Whoa.
 Which needed to be if we did not fill this in.
 Right.
  It's mostly like Arnold Schwarzenegger doing a silly character  in a parody of like an industrial film.
 Oh, my God.
  I'm really upset that we can't just like stop the podcast and watch this right now.
  You know, I will race to watch this as soon as oh, boy.
  Well, you you saved Terminator three for me.
  That is right.
 That is the fourth best Terminator film.
  Is the deleted Sergeant Candy saying Sergeant Sergeant  and Sergeant Candy? I want to let me verify this.
  I'm reporting for duty.
 That's Jason's name in the military.
  Didn't we land on a snack master general?  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Tree master.
 Tree master.
  C.
 Everett Scoop.
  Ice cream.
 Ice cream.
  Gotti.
 Ice cream.
  Gotti.
 Yeah.
  Let's not forget ice cream.
  A confirmation is on YouTube.
  It is Sergeant Candy.
  That's so.
  No, but I want to see a scene about why he's named Sergeant Candy.
  Sergeant William.
 I need that origin story, too.
  Yes.
 He was a candy.
  Want to meet his parents?  This is what he it's like him smiling.
  He looks like a beret.
  Jean-Claude in Street Fighter.
 Yes.
  He's got like military fatigues and a red beret on.
  And like Max Fisher.
  Right.
 And then this is the guy who has the Arnold voice.
  He's like a mousy looking guy who any one of us could have played.
  Whoa.
 And then he says like, lose, change their voice.
  So that man was then several years down the line in a recording studio,  saying every syllable and letter of the alphabet.
  So like to form the voice algorithm for the Terminator.
  Right.
 Right.
 That was the idea.
  B.
 C.
 Right.
 Right.
  He was like the Alexa.
  Yeah.
  There's some click bait article about him.
  You just don't know the term of the guy who did the Terminator's voice.
  Now, I think one of the reasons why, even though they can reset things,  it always feels weird when they try to revive the franchise is that  the first one is about the inevitability of the thing  and is more just about the idea of that existing.
  And two is the movie where he's like, I'm going to fucking cash my check.
  And make the movie about them trying to just stop it like straight up.
  Stop it.
  And it ends with such a sense of like accomplishment  that every time a new movie starts with like, oh, fuck, we forgot a thing.
  They outsmarted us.
 We got to do it again.
  It feels kind of cheap.
  But the thing I like about T2 3D is that it's just kind of like  we're really close.
  We pretty much got it down in the last one.
  It's not enough to sustain a whole movie.
  We just need like 10 more minutes.
  But also, the nice thing is it's them going to the future.
  Yes, that's a new thing because you always have the heroes in the present.
  The Terminator is coming back to them.
  And it's kind of fun to see like Sarah Connor and John Connor,  like in the fucking future war hellscape.
 Right.
  It does the thing that universal rides.
  We've said this to do this way more than Disney is expand the universe.
  They build out the new thing and expand the mythology.
  And they like cut corners, but in productive ways like,  OK, you know how they have to be naked.
  They're not naked this time.
 Who cares? Right.
  And they go to the future.
  And yeah, the kids, not everyone's close.
  We're not going to.
 Yeah, everyone's closed.
  Oh, yeah.
  That is a productive.
  But I mean, I'll get in and watch the third one.
  Getting through the closed scene is a real.
  Oh, my God.
 And the sparkly glasses.
  Love it.
 Love it.
 Your God.
  But it is it is one of those things where you're like this movie  functions as a pretty solid end.
  Yeah.
 To what you could then consider the Terminator trilogy.
  You're like this has enough of a sense of accomplishment  that this could be the last thing they do in this franchise.
  And I would feel like this is a proper canon in universe  resolution to this narrative.
  I am fascinated then about like this new movie.
  Is James Cameron thinking of T2 3D in the canon?  That is my hope.
 Oh, boy.
  Because he's because again, he says that this is like a bridge  to a movie, but are his same ideas?  Because obviously at the time he had ideas for a third movie.
  He said that.
 So are these his ideas?  They must they must be said some level.
 Right.
  Because Terminator three killed Sarah Connor  because Linda Hamilton didn't want to do it without her ex-husband.
  Right.
 Right.
 And then like salvation doesn't even deal with it.
  And then Genesis is like  Amelia Clarke as time traveling Sarah Connor, ending up  even though she's younger than she was in our present day.
  And so like he clearly wants to just make like the  none of that shit ever happened.
  Here's just how Sarah Connor grew old movie,  which feels like then he would have to sort of accept what happens  in Battle Across Time, especially since he directed it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I think he knows it.
 Yeah.
  He'll he signed off on the designs of the mini hunters.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 It's fine.
 One million.
  The T1 million.
  So great.
 Still looks good.
  Like, I think that aesthetic of like it's the three D  blob jacks like have aged so much better than like,  you know, Disney's dinosaur of like it's three D CGI.
  But we're going to make it look like real life.
  The T1000 coming out of the screen when his head comes forward is just like.
  Right.
 And I remember that would always be the thing they'd put in,  like the Universal Studios ads.
  The audience reacting to the thing, hitting them in the seats.
  And it was like, I can't go in that.
  I haven't seen these movies.
 It's too scary.
  It was like the dog on Honey.
 I shrunk the audience.
 Right.
  It was a dog or the T1000.
  Or the pie in Muppets.
 Yeah.
  Those moments are like used in every hotel video, every ad.
  And they're they're iconic to me from those.
  Do we think the T one million is in a new silly,  like the idea that you would go from a thousand to a million? Yeah.
  And it also is.
  I mean, the problem is that he had one really good idea for a heighten,  which is what if the guy's liquid and he can turn into anything?  And they've never figured out how to improve on that.
 Yeah.
  Because then three, they go like, she's like both.
  She's got the skeleton and then liquid on top of it.
  And she's hot.
 What benefit does that provide?  And then the T one million is just like, what if it was a big spider?  And it's like, well, that just means it's more of the goo.
 Yeah.
  It doesn't feel like a different model.
 It just feels like a larger.
  I mean, not able to shift into human forms.
  It's actually missing a power.
 Right.
  Unless it can and we just don't see it and choose to just always  spider walk around the place.
  It should turn into a giant dog.
 Yeah.
  Come out of the audience.
  It would be great if it turned from a silver goose spider  into like a giant eight legged freak spider.
  It's like I can just move laterally to like any like I can do octopus spider.
  Wild, wild west.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Will T one million be in dark fate?  I hope.
 I mean, that would be great.
  If it were just squished like a bug beneath whatever the T 10 million is.
  Wait a second.
 Kevin Spacey cast as the T one million.
  Oh, he needs a comeback vehicle.
  Now is this voice, though?  So it's OK.
  Yeah.
 Squish.
 Swipe.
  Rare miscalculation by the T 800 with that,  you know, freezing it with liquid nitrogen.
 Good.
  Shooting the frozen T one million.
  Very bad.
 Kind of a miscalculation.
  But gives Universal a great reason to sprinkle the audience with water.
  That classic trick.
  Well, especially because he's gone through that whole learning exercise already.
  Like T2 at the end is just like, OK, what temperature is going to end this guy?  And he experiments with both.
  It's kind of a rookie mistake to just be like, well, and then shoot it, too.
  I don't know.
 Why not?  Different system.
 I don't know.
  There's no way to know for sure.
  But I mean, that is like another moment where they have to hit those marks  because you have to stand here because the prop gun,  yeah, the lighting effects for the prop gun to match the laser shot on screen  only works in these like handful of locations.
 Yes.
  The evolution of this thing, I also think is interesting  because it was they wanted to do a stunt show.
  It was just supposed to replace the Conan the Barbarian, right?  In a much smaller venue in Hollywood, right?  Then the company that has developed it went, can we try to make it?  Can we do a pitch for a 3D experiential show instead?  They accepted that.
  Then they went to  Cameron, who, I guess, didn't have control of the rights.
  But they were trying to get his blessing.
  That's the other interesting thing about this is it isn't Terminator 3D.
  It's Terminator 2 3D.
  Like it's specifically an attraction based on the second movie  and not the franchise, which I feel like is maybe one  knock against keeping it there.
  Yeah, I sort of I feel like the tiny change of it being Terminator 3D.
 Right.
  But leaves it open ended.
  And now we're like it's a franchise that keeps coming back  and it could still be relevant.
  And you have all these sequels that negate it also.
  Not that anyone likes any of them, but then to call it like T2 3D.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Feels like they literally just should have changed the signage.
  Yeah, sure.
  Though I love I love T2 3D.
  Rules.
 Yeah.
  Well, not to pimp you into telling this idea, Mike,  but this reminds me of an idea you have said before.
  Of Batman Returns 2.
  Yeah.
 We were talking about this a little bit before the show.
  But yeah, like just put a sequel.
  I feel like you've said.
  I said Batman Forever 2.
 Yeah, as well.
  Like just why not?  Yeah, they did it here.
  I do think as a kid, I was much more aware of T2  because I didn't see these movies when I was a kid,  but I was much more aware of T2 and Terminator 2.
  And I wasn't even sure that it was a sequel.
  I didn't see the first one.
  That was kind of the very little of the T2 thing.
  Is it like it made it sound like it was its own thing rather than Terminator 2?  Yeah, I probably didn't think of it as a sequel.
  I probably just thought it was called Terminator 2 or T2.
  Like the film by eventual Terminator 3 director, Jonathan Masta,  you five seven one.
  You just thought it was like a cool.
  I thought it was just a code.
  T2.
 What does that mean? Series of things.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, cool.
  But then the thing that's cool is like they they do their pitch  to Cameron to try to win him over to get his blessing.
  And the pitch at the time apparently was that it was going to be new characters.
  Like it was a 3D, you know, movie show that was based around the idea of terminators.
  And they were going to create their entirely, you know, own mythology  and character based for the show.
  And then he saw what they pitched and he was like, this is good.
  I'm impressed.
 I would like to take over this  as long as Universal will pay to get the actors back.
  And yeah, let's do it.
  Like I want to make this an official continuation of the thing.
  He also apparently said, you know, I was driving over here thinking  who the fuck is going to pitch me ideas on my thing.
  I was like getting ready to come in here and shoot it all down.
  But I think this is actually pretty good.
  I can make it better.
 Right, right, right, right.
  I mean, it does appeal to his like, what was the under sea movie?  He made not the best.
  Yeah, like they make a big deal about the computer animation and that.
  Yeah.
 And so he was clearly like already like interested  in like pushing the boundaries of technology.
  So to be presented with at least the kernel of like it's 3D  and there's a live show element and they work in conjunction.
  And you're going to get a ton of money to essentially experiment  with like new storytelling technology.
  Yeah, it's really interesting to me.
  And then what I think is so funny is that all the pre show stuff,  like the movie is like this is like a proper Terminator film  directed by James Cameron.
  And the pre show stuff feels like it's out of total recall.
  Like the character of the Cyberdyne employee is like so heightened  to this like tour guide Barbie sort of like real.
  The Jolver Hovany.
 Right, right.
  They even make a total recall joke when there's like the video  showing the Cyberdyne technology, the selling Skynet.
  They're like with Skynet, you'll be able to have total recall.
  It's students doing well on a test.
  Yeah, they will have total recall.
  And they show that Shaq can like always hit the Shaq cameo,  which would get the laugh.
  It felt like you lose it with time a little, but the stereotype  that Shaq was bad at free throws.
  Yeah, which they replaced later on with just a generic soccer player  making a goal.
 They replaced it before Genesis came out.
  Like they replaced it when there was only a year left in the life of it.
  It was 2015, right? They did everything.
  Yeah.
 And they added someone holding an iPad like they got seated up a little.
  But even when I like I always just justified it is like, well, this ride  takes place in 1995 or 1996, whatever it opened.
  Right.
 Especially with the Terminator franchise, we were like,  it's all about time travels and alternate paths and things like that.
  But I just sort of like as a kid, not having any familiarity  with the Terminator franchise, liking that it was like, oh, fuck.
  Like the idea is that this is a bad company and these people are bad.
  Like I like the person who's doing the pre show is coded as  we should not trust them.
  Someone's about to take advantage of us and is lying to our faces.
  I think it all I think the vibe of this, you're right, that it is to stay.
  The pre show is distinctly verovony.
  And I also did not grow up having seen.
  I was a real latecomer to total recall and to Starship Troopers and a RoboCop.
  And I think I was maybe the instant  instant familiarity and love I had for those movies, discovering them later.
  Probably maybe on some level was like, oh, it's kind of like T2, 3D.
  Not even just like with the that that satirical edge and the darkness  that is even embedded in the the benign things.
  We still like it's still weird to me.
  But like but literally the styles like Kimberly Duncan in general  kind of looks like Sharon Stone.
  Like she is she is a very 90s carat.
  What you said, Jason, that it's just set in 95.
  And don't update it like to 3D is in that in 90s future.
  Sure.
 And the creepiness of like, you know, that video is long.
  Then it gets interrupted by, you know, the Connors hacking the system  who have footage from their own adventure.
  Yes.
 Nicely shot footage going from the foot.
  Pragmatic quarter cutting.
  Fine, fine.
 We don't care.
  It usually make me mad, but they've like I've loved it all format wise  so much up until that point, and that they do really sell the cutting in  and the sound going out and the like truly the first time you see it.
  You really think there is a problem with the AV.
  They sell it really is not like a fakey hammy  shut off until then.
 Like, are we in? We're in.
  But I love that, too.
 It's all the corniness of it.
  But it does a great job of summing up those big set pieces of the movie.
  Like you worked for me not having seen either Terminator film.
  I was like, I get this story.
  I understand the universe, which I didn't know existed.
  Like, I didn't know there was this much mythology until five seconds ago.
  And I know enough to be able to engage with this movie emotionally.
 Sure.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I love distilling all of the drama of the first two movies  into the line, despite my reservations about this particular model.
  Like, that's how that's how Sarah sums up her feelings about.
  He became a father figure to my son.
  But then I do like that.
  I feel like for how many attractions there are that are based on, oh,  the things going wrong, this and maybe great movie writer,  the only two I can think of that like really asks a cast member to sell that.
  It's not just the attraction doing that.
  Like someone has to perform because then when she like  knocks them off the feed and is like, sorry for that little interruption anyway,  back to the like when she's on the phone and she has to get your attention  with that over the narration still of the.
  You're asking us to do like, you know, some like some subtle comedic work  of this, like, you know.
  And against you having just seen, you know,  like the strong performances of the Hamilton and I've been for a long and Shaq.
 Yeah.
  I do love the constant  3D movie at theme park safety goggles.
  Yeah, sure.
  I just that whoever figured that out first, they were just like, well,  just that's it will never improve on that.
  And we just thought I would they start towards calls them flight glasses,  I think, right? Like goggles or something.
 Yeah.
  And we have to be a bug here.
  They're like bug vision or something like so they always have to make up  a funny, funny little cute thing.
  But this is a perfect that moment where you put them on  right before this like firing squad registration is one of the perfect ways to do it.
  I also just like to not  do a couple of things before moving out, moving from the pre show.
  I what you what you're saying about Kimberly Duncan.
  Absolutely.
 I think it's a perfect theme park character.
  Oh, perfect.
 In that, like individual performers can put their stamp on it,  even though there's like the bra.
 It's like it's it's easily like replaceable.
  A lot of people can fit into that mold, but you can still make it your own within that.
  And, you know, there's a tricky thing, I think, in translating  this particular franchise to theme park world, which is it is so R rated.
  It's so violent.
 And Kimberly, I think your hostess is a perfect way to make it  like to get theme park comedy.
  That high comedy in there.
 Yeah.
  To set the top.
 It's super.
  Kids love saying super.
  And it lets you know she it's a perfect way to like  offset the like she's just annoying.
  But then as it gets much more malicious, like, oh, the no, there's much more  to the annoyingness.
 She's like such an evil corporate show.
  That sort of sense of like, why are we here?  Like within the reality of the ride, why are we here?  OK, it's like a showcase.
  We're about to see a demonstration of a new product.
  The fact that she like cuts back after the video and it's like, huh?  Anyway, so back to the presentation, you're like, cool, I get this.
  This character is like a villain.
  Like, this isn't someone just like telling me to turn off my camera.
  You know? Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  And the way that you can't unsee the interruption, it's so funny when it cuts back  and you don't know like you don't know what darkness you missed while John and Sarah  were talking and that they return you pretty quick to like a drone  exploding a building to transitioning into a birthday candle being lit.
  A really funny crosscut as if they like if the interruption hadn't occurred,  they're thinking, all right, so now we got them.
  Now we like fire turns into fire and people love fire.
  They love it on a birthday cake.
 Great.
  People will buy into this military technology.
 No problem.
  We did our jobs well in the I don't know if this is like a purposeful shot at Epcot,  but the Terminator arms tucking in a child from the other side of the world.
  He's like a thing from Spatial Birth, right?  Like a mom saying goodnight to his kid isn't in one version.
  I think it's from a screen, though, right?  You don't have the robot arm like that.
  But it's like it's the same genre of like moms on an international business trip,  like she always does.
 Right.
  And she's wishing her child good night.
  Yeah.
 In the pre show, there's a very creepy robot hand that like gently massages a child.
  It's very, very selling points like you'll never have to miss a bedtime.
  You'll never miss a game.
  You'll never miss a sunset.
  The doctor performing the surgery on the beach.
  Well, I think the sunset.
  All that stuff like it was just like, like, oh, there's this like actual satire.
  Yeah.
 You know, like pretty pointed like satire at like, well, even a culture.
  You are going into the Miles Bennett Dyson, the guy who dies a gruesome death  to stop a thing that he has inadvertently put into motion in T2  that they this corporate monstrosity named it after, like whitewashed what happened  and in the auditorium after him.
  Right.
 Which is like he died trying to prevent that very thing.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  I hate to compare it to a honey I shrunk the audience.
  But we were talking like on that episode about just like the setup is very poor.
  And like, what is this award?  It's everything.
  House on a day where there's an award show.
  Right.
 An open house.
  And like just seeing and going back through this ride and like in the video,  even just the queue, it's like this thing sets this thing.
  It's like there's so much set up.
  You're so primed and ready for this.
  You're in the world.
  You got the tone already in your head by the time you walk into the theater.
  And honey, I shrunk the audience is just like throw you in there.
  Let's throw some words at him.
  Fine.
 He flies out at you.
  Like this thing is so much work put into just like getting you in the spirit  and the mood of it.
  And it's crazy just seeing two similarly released around the same time.
  3D shows from movies, obviously Terminator of a bit higher quality than the honey.
  I think I think it's not just the franchise.
  Also, it's the involvement of Cameron and that you did have one strong person  who like was the voice over the franchise at that point.
  Yeah.
 I think it's akin to  back to the future for me in terms of like Exposition City.
  But I love it.
 Yeah.
  Give me you are making the exposition so from my favorite stuff  and conveying all of these gigantic ideas, but trying to do it in a poppy way  that still has good performances.
  And it's so neat.
  I like doing the kind of do these episodes where you're just like,  we don't know, we're not shitting on on.
  We're just earnestly sure.
  Praising it's such a such a big question.
  Is Kimberly Duncan going to be in Dark Fate?  Please.
 Yes, she should be.
  Let's go to the miles.
  It's a one million.
 Yeah.
  The Memorial Center.
  I hope like a dark fate has them like going to like,  I hear the remains of the Dyson Memorial Center.
  Like it's like Jurassic World when they find the banner  that like 30 minutes of the movie in the middle or just about T2, 3D.
  I mean, I think there's meat on that bone.
  And I love that, like, all right.
  So what do we need for in T2?  What do we know about Cyberdyne?  Like there's no like public facing arm of it, really.
  There's this scary office building like and it probably it just probably  most people just haven't heard of Cyberdyne.
  But you see Dyson and you see like security guards.
  It's not like the CEO of Cyberdyne is like a character.
  You're not seeing the people who are.
  Serenose.
 Right.
 Right.
  Yes.
 This thing is this.
  This all precedes the world we're in now.
  We're supposed to think all of these tech CEOs are cool.
  Well, our and like we live in Los Angeles where just a couple of days ago,  our fucking mayor on his Twitter account was like the future of transit  is now in partnership with Lyft.
  And it's like, motherfucker, make more buses and trains and shit.
  What are you talking about? The future is with Lyft.
  And he had a whole like ad in front of him.
  A whole giant pink Lyft background like this guy who barely spends any time  in the fucking city, bringing these shitty Olympics  that no one wants.
  No one wants it's interfering with the expansion of Universal Studios.
  As far as I'm concerned, they're going to have to build sets for and build  like places for people to swim.
 Yeah.
  It is crazy, like watching this, just like how much Cameron  hit the nail on the head with like just the basic DNA of the Terminator thing.
  Or even like how drone heavy this movie is.
  And that whole like Cyberdyne, like selling the value of Skynet thing.
  I'm like, this is pretty similar to what everyone's doing right now,  where it's like, I'll give up all my data if you can make it a little easier  for me to do this, if I can FaceTime my kid rather than having to be there.
  You know, they explain.
  Yeah, they explain how like it's you know, how it just like  it's just in your computer already.
  We do the work for you.
  You just have to like consent.
  Like that's the whole thing.
 It's just like, just say yes.
  Click.
 Right.
 Give us permission.
  It is like that David Bowie clip where he's talking about the Internet.
  We've seen that.
 Oh, yeah.
  He talks about content coming through the Internet.
  Yeah, there's like a clip of him in like 99.
  And he's doing an interview with somebody and he's talking about like the Internet  being like you guys who no one has any idea how crazy this is going to disrupt  everyone.
 Our lives.
  And the interview is like, but isn't it just an information delivery service?  He's like, oh, no.
 Oh, no.
  You have no clue.
  You have no clue how this is going to change the world.
  And the guy's like, all right.
  It's like David Bowie knows.
  Does he think it's good or bad?  What he says both.
 Yeah.
  He goes, it's going to be very good.
  And he goes, it's going to be very bad as well.
  There's a David Byrne quote from an interview from like 25 years ago  where he says, like, you know, I think in the future, like  the thing that everyone's going to prioritize is like ease of access.
  And our currency is going to be our personal information.
  Like that's going to be what's valuable, our data.
  And we're going to give that up in exchange for access.
  And they were like, are you worried about this?  He's like, I don't know.
 I mean, like life will be easier.
  But that's the price we're going to pay is that everyone's going to know  everything about us.
  We're going to give that to the companies in order to get things faster.
  He called on that.
 It's like it's so specific.
  Fuck.
 Yeah.
  And there was that interview with Bob Seeger where he was talking about  PlayStation 4 and.
  He's like, Louie's almost going to make it to the five timers club.
  Is David Byrne the one who's always riding his bike in Manhattan?  Yes.
 OK, great.
 Yes.
  I always see these pictures and I'm like, yeah, that's David Byrne.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's a big black man.
  Yeah.
 So he's sticking to the past in terms of his transit.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  We all should.
 Maybe.
  What else in the two quick other things in the TV show?  Big laugh every time.
  Grandmother can choose between five thousand channels.
  And if she can't choose, the TV chooses it for a clip of murder.
  She wrote.
 That's going to happen.
  Solid.
 I think it might happen.
  I also want to say I don't want to overlook the the voice of Jim Cummings,  who is the narrator of this.
  He comes up every once in a while.
  Yeah, that's Jim Cummings who plays all of these scary people.
  And for Disney, he's the voice of Pete and he's the singing voice of.
  No, not Jeremy Irons is a lot of scar.
  But when it gets to be too high of notes, it becomes Jim Cummings.
  He's Darkwing Duck.
 He's Darkwing Duck.
  He's I looked up these multiple characters on the original Tick cartoon.
  Oh, yes, yes, yes.
  I'm forgetting who he plays exactly,  but he's one of the guys who's in that rotation.
  Yeah, that adds up.
  And then also maybe maybe.
  Yeah.
 But then he's Winnie the Pooh and he's Tigger.
  But he like I also remember him narrate the same voice  narrated the MTV Movie Awards a lot of years.
  Just the killer voice and like really, I don't know.
  You might think that just any like benign, scary narration might work  in that pre-show and maybe it could.
  But I think it's an especially good one.
  I guess it's I don't know if you folks have seen Christopher Robin.
  Oh, I did.
 His performance in that is fucking five stars.
 Really?  And it's one of those things where like this guy's been doing poo  for like 25 years.
  He's probably got his presets that come in.
  We need to do a Honey Nut Cheerios commercial, you know?  And it was like this guy clearly like read the material and was like, OK,  this calls for a different type of poo.
  A very depressed, right?  But it's like it's like a very like heartfelt, like emotionally  like sort of rounded performance.
  Well, and cool to give it to the person who's lived with it for a long time  to like do their ultimate performance.
  Right.
 It's kind of like unforgiven.
 Yeah.
  Wow.
 It's not Ryan Reynolds.
  Right.
 Suddenly doing poo.
  Yeah.
 Detective poo.
  No, but that's like it speaks to the fact that like why have Jim Cummings do this?  And it's like because the dude's a good actor.
  Like, it's not just that he has like a lot of voices.
  He's like very good at delivering things and matching the tone of whatever project.
  Did you guys hear who was considered for the voice of Pikachu  in Detective Pikachu?  I saw a long list.
  Danny Devito was one of them.
  Oh, I saw that.
 Yeah.
  I mean, that what it's just been.
  They they the life.
  They cut it together.
  They like did that thing where they were like, we auditioned actors  by like picking clips from their live action films and animating Pikachu to them.
  And I think they said that the Devito one was a little upsetting.
  It sounds great to me.
  There's a short video going around the Internet where I guess  Danny Devito and Lil Xan were on the same plate.
  Oh, I saw that.
 Yeah.
  Lil Xan like turns his foe to Danny.
  Danny Vito like leads it to frame and goes like Xanarchy, bitch.
  It's so funny.
  He's so game to play ball.
  He just nails it.
  You can just hear tons of people just laughing in the background.
  He is like 75 years old and like in out of his mind.
  Having the time of his life.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Put it back in the penguin suit.
  Put it back in.
  That guy has had such an incredible career.
  Incredible.
  Yeah.
 Think about how specific he is and what insane range of stuff  that he's gotten to do.
  Him and Christopher Lloyd are both on taxi.
  And then both of them just have an insane body of work.
 Right.
  That goes all over the place.
 Greatest films.
  The greatest films.
  Obviously, Christopher Lloyd, even more variation maybe in his roles,  but just the two of them.
  But then even like I've been watching a lot of taxi recently and going like,  Jeez, someone needs to give Christopher Lloyd a good role today.
  Of course.
 He looked through and he's like not worked much in the last 12 years.
  And Davido is like having this huge fourth wind in his career.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Like the thing, the most recent thing I've seen Christopher Lloyd do is that Jimmy  Kimmel bit with Michael J.
 Fox.
  Yeah, he did.
 He did Stacked.
  The Pamela Anderson.
  That's what I'm saying.
  That was like his last like prominent.
  No, Stacked.
 It's all from Stacked.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  He's in Fly Me to the Moon.
  Remember, flying in the moon.
  OK.
 Yeah.
  I'm looking about the flies that go to the firemen.
  Yeah.
 Another great 3D film.
  Yeah.
 Something.
  OK.
 I feel like now we are moving from the pre show into the main.
  The actual.
  Auditorium.
  And OK, so you're watching this propaganda video.
  John and Sarah Connor interrupt it and tell you, by the way, also very scary  when they say you have five minutes to get out of the.
  It's not just generally get out.
  They give you a time.
  That's super scary.
  But you return to the main video.
  You've been watching all this frothy propaganda that's gotten more dark as it goes.
  Then you're introduced to these like killer warrior robots who are not really named.
  You don't find out about them, but you zoom into their eyes, gets a little scary.
  You go into the auditorium and that's apparently what you're there for,  is for a weapons demonstration.
  And they're the T 70s.
  Yes, they're supposed to be the model like right before the Arnold model.
  And apparently that was a camera.
  No, the Universal wanted it to be a bunch of Arnold's.
  Yeah.
 And he said, well, where are we on the timeline?  Because Arnold is from twenty twenty nine.
  And we are right.
 We are in what?  Ninety six right now.
  We have to be a couple of generations.
 Right.
  Cool.
 That's the thing you don't get unless it's the literal man  doing behind the franchise.
  One of the most exacting, demanding monsters in filmmaking history.
  It pays off here.
  It does.
 You can't argue.
  You can tell when he was.
  Everywhere.
 That's the problem.
  Kevin, people throw lights into the water on the Titanic and the movie comes out perfect.
  But they're also I mean, the problem is like, you know,  I feel like we've all heard stories about people who are that demanding assholes.
  And then you see the thing they made and you're like all for that.
 Right.
  More often than not.
  And James Cameron, every time you're like, this sounds like a dumb idea.
  I don't accept this behavior.
  Where does he get off?  And then you watch it and you're like, son of a bitch.
  And it's the great at the highest grossing film of all time.
  All the time.
 Yeah.
  No matter what it is.
  And he'll do it again.
 Seemingly.
  It is crazy that four separate times in the last 20 years,  he has made the highest budgeted film of all time.
  Like he's the guy who keeps on setting the new bar of like what was the T2  was then supplanted by true lies, true lies.
  Some more than T2.
  Is that good? Is true lies good? Yes.
  I don't think I haven't seen it.
  I think it's really I'm pro.
 I like it.
  I think it's a weird movie about the fear of getting cocked.
  I think it's a real cop thriller.
  I haven't thought of it that way.
  Yeah.
 Maybe I like it more.
  I download it right now.
  Oh, but Jason's in.
  Fear Jason.
  That's like fun.
  It's also when he does that, it's not like it's not the same franchise either.
  It's not like George Lucas.
 OK, Phantom Menace.
  Of course, people were so rabid for it.
  And it's got all that built in.
  It's do new stuff every time.
  It would make sense if coming off Terminator two, he was like, cool,  I want more for Terminator three.
  Yeah, right.
 He's like, I want more to do another Arnold Schwarzenegger movie.
  With Tom Arnold comedy.
 Right.
  We're built, Paxton's trying to cook.
  Those are Tom Arnold, Bill Paxton, both really funny.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And Jamie Curtis.
  Jamie Curtis rules in it.
 Yeah, absolutely.
  It's like a remake of a French farce that like wasn't an action movie.
  Oh, he like took like a French comedy and was like,  can I make this one hundred and fifty million dollar action film?  He's been talking about the sequel for that at a certain point, too.
  I don't think he's been said in years, but Tom Arnold kept on saying  they were really close to doing it and that it got killed by 9-11.
  He Tom Arnold also on Howard Stern said that Sarah Huckabee Sanders had a glass eye.
  And they kept going like, wait, what she does.
  And then he's they're like, oh, it's no, she doesn't.
  And he's like, oh, I must have misheard, I guess.
  So he'll let these things go and have challenged even slightly.
  Yeah.
 He's like, oh, I must have misheard.
  Or like it was like 10 minutes of him going, yeah, she's got a glass eye.
  You didn't know that.
 She got a glass eye.
  Maybe we shouldn't have accepted Tom Arnold being the Woodward  and Bernstein of the Trump administration.
  It's weird.
 Yeah, he was married to Roseanne for a little while there.
  Maybe they had some things in common.
  Yeah, both shot off a little too quickly.
  Wildly different paths.
  Very different people now.
  I think True Lies is a wonderfully shot film.
  That's one of the things about it that it's yeah.
  I like I don't know what the French farce looked like,  but to like take a smaller story and shoot on that scale.
  Incredible.
 The DP Russell Carpenter, who shot this as well, T2, 3D.
  He began he became James Cameron's primary DP,  having shot Titanic Avatar two and three, supposedly.
  If the seed one, the seed bearer, the seed avatar rise to rise to the seed bearer.
  Ant Man, he shot as well.
  And before all of this, Lawnmower Man.
  Oh, that's a good, that's a good pedigree.
  It does feel like you watch this, the, you know, core film itself  in the middle of the attraction.
  And you're like, this feels so much more sophisticated  than most theme park movies because this is not a theme park director.
  And there's just like not even just this, the technology,  but like the editing rhythms and like the shot blocking.
  Like he has like the same kind of like  the way he builds the action moments or the jokes.
  Feels like a movie and not a theme park attraction.
  You know? Yeah.
  I mean, it's like the the the stuff that's like pointed out at the audience,  a little gimmicky because it has to be right.
  But all of a sudden it just cuts to a perfectly cool looking James Cameron movie.
  Right.
 And like if you just saw that scene, you'd be like, oh, is this from the  this must be from one of the movies, right?  Yeah.
 Like because you know what a theme park 3D movie looks like.
  It doesn't look like that.
  Yeah.
 When they get inside of Skynet, that becomes much more of like a theme park.
  Right.
 But it has to be presentational.
  And I think like universal creative may have had more  shooting that than Cameron.
  Well, suppose what I looked up, I think this is this book.
  I keep consulting Disney versus Universal by Sam Ganaway.
  Ganaway.
 Yeah.
 I want to get it right.
  According to that, James Cameron directed the movie until the parking garage.
  OK.
 At some point in the parking garage, perhaps when the mini hunters  start flying around and that's that's more of a CG in your face kind of show.
  That becomes more Stan Winston.
  And then and then the visual effects artist John Bruno takes over entirely  when we go inside Skynet.
  But that main sort of like a future war motorcycle chase  just feels like fucking a classic James Cameron action set piece.
  Full on.
 And you it's hard to say what's better.
  Is it the motorcycle driving away from the gigantic explode?  What a fucking crazy explosion.
  Or is it just like there's a there's a moment of Edward Furlong  like getting out from behind like a pylon and the dust is so crisp.
  Yeah.
 And it just it like blows away in that cool, like very  accounted for James Cameron slow motion.
  And it's all got that that awesome blue patina that I swear is like half  the reason I didn't like T3, not this, but Terminator 3.
  It sure doesn't have it.
 It's not blue.
  Just make it blue and all.
  Why would they change it to know it's it's shot in the same way they'd shoot?  Like shallow howl.
  There's just no aesthetic choice.
  Just like early 2000s, nothing.
  This does.
 You know, you were talking about what you view as the comedic  missteps of Terminator 3, what I view as several of the greatest jokes of all time.
  Such as talk to the hand.
  This does have in a franchise that as it's gone on and become cumbersome,  has very questionable approaches to comedy.
  I think the weirdest joke in terms of the inner logic of the universe  of any of the Terminator movies, which is he was my college roommate.
  What's the let's explain this from the get go or from the ground up.
  It's a he's fighting.
  It's the it's the skeleton.
  The endoskeleton, the endoskeleton,  not with the skin blasts him.
  Probably the weirdest effect in the movie is the like hit  the perspective of his head shooting up, staring at you for a second  and then falling back down.
  Probably the cheapest thing.
  Yeah, that's the cheapest.
  So in every Universal ad.
  So I'm fond of it for the dream.
  You also have Arnold using a shotgun to home run.
  Yes, drone.
  I also into the audience.
  Exclusive to these Terminator movies is I  I apparently shows up in the original True Grit with John Wayne cocking  a shotgun like that, doing the twirl, which if you're wondering,  are there gun weirdos on YouTube who will teach you how to do that?  Yes, there are.
  And what it is is you use your your ring finger  and your pinky finger to spin it around and then you catch it.
  You essentially catch your gun.
  Wow.
  That's one hand.
  And that is but it's something I associate so strongly with T2.
  Sure.
 Yeah, yeah.
  It looks cool as hell.
  But yeah.
 So then he yeah, he blows up his his double essentially.
  And then and then friend of yours, he was my college roommate.
  So and he's joking apart, right?  Yeah, you think it's a joke.
  Yeah, maybe it's a joke.
  But then even that reality is very strange because you go in Terminator 2.
  John Connors has spent so much time explaining lingo to him and things.
  But he's picked it up now because this is after T2.
  That's a pretty sophisticated joke, though.
  I mean, that's true.
  He has to really like there's nuance to sort of like the inner logic  of what he's setting up comedically when once like John Connors teaches him stuff.
  He knows how to apply it, but he tends to just repeat the same couple of.
  OK, a thumbs up, I know.
  That's in my vocabulary.
  Talk to the hand.
  He just towards it.
  And he says it obviously.
  So you're you're suggesting that he's either had a major firmware  upgrade where now he can like do punch up.
  He's got like a VLANCH patch  that allows him to like work up little bon mots.
  Hamilton constantly taking his computer chip out of his skull.
  Yes, he too.
  That was some of the conducting stuff.
  I was like, yeah, oh, this isn't in the montages from the Universal Ride.
  The removing the chip from the skull.
 Right.
  So at one point, it got inserted into something with the lowel Gans,  Babel, Mandela, Balger.
 Yeah.
  Because it is like you go either, you know, less likely is  the implication is truly in this world when they build a humanoid robot,  they make them go through the trials of actual humanity  before they can retire to having a career as a cyber killer.
  They must attend university and learn how to be a man.
  Are you going to the welcome barbecue on the quad?  Right.
 Seems kind of lame, but I do have to eat.
  I'd be a functional member of society.
  You have to network.
  The dining halls are closed because all the food workers are at the quad barbecue.
  So I guess I'll go down there.
  But what I find fascinating is that the alternate implication is  Arnold understands how absurd that idea would be  that he makes the joke because he gets how weird it would be  for robots to have to go to college, which feels like the kind of joke  he wouldn't know how to make.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 How about this?  Maybe this is actually what you're saying.
  What if whatever the version of their colleges they go through,  they have all go in a class together.
  It's a calibration.
  They also be tested at the same time.
 Right.
  But Arnold knows it would be too long and a boring explanation.
  So he just makes it.
  What's the what's the version of that for this?  Great.
 College.
 College.
  The shorthand.
 Yeah.
  Short hands.
 It's it's college.
  And then like it's like a joke, but also it's true.
  They did do some sort of training or they did some sort of testing together.
  Yeah.
 Well, I mean, look, you can break apart.
  You do a full episode just on that.
  We will.
  So it's still doing it.
  It always gets a laugh.
  I'll say that joke always got a laugh.
  But my favorite thing was when they're on the motorcycle  and they're being chased by the hunter killer.
  And John Connor keeps going to go left, go right, go left.
  And Arnold says, John, please stop helping.
  Like, I think that's a great line that always got a laugh to.
  That's the dynamic.
 Yeah.
  That sums it up.
 That's the thing.
  He's usually kind of straight man.
  You're right.
 So I don't well, when we have James Cameron on the show,  also we'll ask him because now it's only exclusively about  about the theme park rides.
  No, no, no, no.
  Oh, just about the line.
  All right.
 All right.
  All right.
 Yeah.
 OK, that's true.
  We have to have him on at least one for that and then one for each line  and all of his rides, I guess.
  It would be cool.
  You know, if Disney doesn't want to work Terminator into the parks,  if they let him make an attraction like this for the world of Pandora.
  Oh, I just think this is such an interesting format.
  Right.
 Stunt show meets film.
  Yeah.
 And to get a little original James Cameron short film.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I hopefully have to.
  I mean, the second the seed, whatever the seed bearer is going to be  a monster hit.
  But I think if as long as we know it's going to be that  and it's going to for sure deliver, then we will get more.
  So maybe at that point, because maybe the way of water or Tolkien  writer or the quest for a war, maybe one of those were those.
  I'm worried it's not going to really hit its stride until Quest for a war.
  It feels like last one.
 I think cruising altitude quest.
  That sounds like a title that regular audiences are psyched on.
  E Y W a.
  You guys going to quest for a war?  Yeah, I'm going to see quest for a war.
  Do you want to go to Buffalo Wild Wings after?  Yeah, I want to go to Buffalo.
  I was doing Wednesday, bro.
 Nice.
  Have you seen QFQF?  E.
 It's not even a nice.
  A V.
 A.
 Q.
 F.
  B.
 A.
 Five Q.
  But maybe Terminator is in that one, the quest for coffee.
  And that's like a whole thing like that secret.
  The rumor when he was working on the sequels that Arnold was going to be the villain.
  Oh, yeah, I remember that.
  And then they announced it's like, no, it's Stephen Lang is back as like  the cyborg version of his character.
  Oh, that's why he's back.
  That's my guess.
  They haven't officially said that.
  Well, but so Courtney Weber's back as a different character, too.
  But they said that they in the announcement said it is like Colonel  Corwish or whatever his name is.
  He's back as the Darth Vader of the franchise.
  Boy, that's this that people  it's much commented on that nobody can name characters from Avatar.
  But Colonel Corwish, I think I might be within five letters of getting that name.
  Correct.
 Close than anyone else has ever gotten.
  So I had to have to do.
  It seems like James Cameron's bringing back an old I Love Lucy, old TV thing  where you would recap, you would just have the same actor come in  and play a different character a couple of episodes later.
  Yeah.
 Frank Nelson come on.
  And he was a department store employee or he was working at the deli or something.
  I think he's just passing for an actor to get work.
  Are you kidding? We'll do that.
  We're going to be a perp and then there'll be a judge.
  Sure.
 By the way, I just want to pull out.
  I think Norm Spellman is the name of the tall lanky friend.
  And I believe Trudy Talcone is the Michelle Rodriguez.
  Once again, I think I'm within five letters of getting these names right.
  That's pretty good.
  The one I really want in the quest for AWA, though, is Sergeant Candy.
  Sergeant Candy.
  I'm still sorry.
  Candy rolls around.
  If Arnold's the villain, Dr.
  Grace Augustine, I know you've learned a lot of the Navi language.
  I for some reason remember all the human character names.
  Yeah.
 All right.
  Dr.
 Grace Augustine is right.
  OK.
 Wow.
  Michelle Rodriguez is Trudy something.
  Trudy Chacon.
  Chacon.
 I said Talcone within five letters.
  What are the names of the Navi?  I really should know this.
  I'm going to cut this out to make it sound like I know.
  I'm just going to add it.
 When you guys are going to I will edit in me saying,  oh, well, the names are not VR.
  And then I'll say them.
  Nateri.
  No one sounds familiar to me.
  That's right.
 Moat.
  Yep, that's right, too.
 Is there like a CPH pounder?  Turk.
  Taruk.
 Taruk is one of the Banshees.
  Yes, right.
  A-Tucon.
  Yeah.
 A-Tucon.
  I think he's the chief.
 E-Y-T-U-K-A-N.
  Yeah.
  There's also Private Fike.
  Who is Private Fike?  Sean Anthony Brown.
  No, I mean, I knew that.
  But yeah, well, we do.
  I'm testing you guys.
  Don't say Robici, because I want to see if I can pull it.
  Yeah, go for it.
  I know it, but you did get Norm Spellman.
  I did get Norm Spellman.
  Wow.
  I had a lot riding on Joe David Moore.
  Well, you try to think of Robici's character, Mike.
  You don't know the language well enough to be able to name this segment.
  Like, test your knowledge or the ultimate quiz.
  Well, obviously, CIVACO applies.
  Rise of the Champ.
  OK, all right.
 So, CIVACO.
  Are we playing CIVACO?  G-Vani Robici is.
.
.
  Yeah, G-Vani Robici.
  G-Vani Robici is.
.
.
 Oh, shit.
  Do you have the answer, Robici?  Yes, Parker Selfridge.
  Fuck, I wasn't going to pull it.
  I wasn't going to pull it.
  A different Mr.
 Selfridge.
  A non-cancelled Mr.
 Selfridge.
  I like Parker Selfridge cookies.
  I like them a lot.
  I like them a lot.
  I can't lose either.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  This is my favorite episode of The Prophet, that young child baker, Parker Selfridge cookies.
  I'm trying to find.
.
.
  I really see something in Parker Selfridge.
  That's a few jumble letters in her name.
  What else can we do here?  Miles Quidditch.
.
.
  Quidditch?  Quar-titch.
  Steven Lang's character.
  Steven Lang's character.
  Miles again.
  Carl Portage?  But I think I was close to that name.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Quaritch.
  I think it's Quaritch.
  Miles again.
  Another name coming up.
  Miles again.
  Miles again.
  Hey, let me do another.
.
.
  Let me get back to Terminator.
  The show is about to begin.
  But still call it CIVACO.
  Can anyone CIVACO and tell me who performed at the opening ceremony of T2 3D opening at  Universal Hollywood?  Like an actor or musical?  Musical performance.
  It's a musical performance.
  It's 96?  90.
.
.
  It would have been 99 in Hollywood.
  99, okay.
  So who would have been?  I think.
.
.
  Here's a hint.
  99 tells you nothing.
  Really?  Yeah.
  So people would have been on the Vine for a little while.
  Okay, I'll keep hinting it over.
  It is a song, maybe the only song affiliated with the franchise.
  Well, it wouldn't have been Guns N' Roses.
  Oh, Band to the Bone.
  You got it.
  Really?  What's his name?  I don't know if I've ever known that answer.
  Does nobody know?  The name?  Band to the Bone?  The guy who sings Band to the Bone?  Oh, it's right there.
  Is it a band or is it a guy?  It's a guy.
  And I think it's a guy.
  I think it's a guy.
  Is it a band or is it a guy?  It's a guy.
  With a band, but his name's in the.
.
.
  And it's not Miles Stone Ridge.
  What was his name?  Miles Quirtridge.
  Please show some respect.
  Miles Quirtridge.
  Miles Quirtridge.
  No, I didn't know that.
  This is a recognizable name.
  George Thurgood.
  Oh, George Thurgood.
  That's embarrassing.
  Good, ironically, in the name of the ultimate badster.
  Well, you kind of have a code, Jason.
  You have a code.
  With the help of technology.
  Oh, wait, yeah.
  Did you?  Oh, no, I got the Band to the Bone.
  I didn't pull George Thurgood.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Credit where credit's due.
  We're going to lose listeners in the south on that one.
  On that Polly line.
  Okay, so we've jumped around the movie a little bit, but we.
.
.
  Okay, you put on your safety glasses.
  There is a demonstration of the T-70s.
  They blast the shit out of some targets.
  They make you feel like there is live gunfire.
  Yeah.
  I mean, it's a pretty good simulation of.
.
.
  The theater in general, the tech for this thing.
  I saw a stat that was like 66 speakers.
  I saw another stat that was like 159 speakers.
  The sound is crazy.
  And they really.
.
.
  Because, you know, it's all those metallic things swiping at you.
  And aren't they like stereo moving around the voices of the actors?  Because you're listening to the real voices of Arnold and Lin-Anne.
  People are mime-ing, like opening their mouth.
  They're lip-syncing.
  Yeah.
  And it's not perfect.
  How could it be perfect?  That's a little bit of like a theme park trope, but does it happen in things besides this?  Well, they have recorded voices on.
.
.
  There's other stunt shows that do this.
  Indiana Jones stunt show, they have like recorded stuff.
  It's not always live.
  It's not the actors.
  But it's not Harrison Ford.
  It's Arnold.
  That's really a step up.
  Harrison Ford is not Indiana Jones in anywhere in the Disney parks.
  But this is Arnold and he is the Terminator.
  Crazy.
  Yeah, it's crazy.
  I mean, they need those pre-recorded lines so people can hit their exact marks so they  don't exactly get shot by blanks or something insane.
  And that's a thing in footage, like watching James Cameron on the mock-up stage directing  it exactly like he is the movie and going, you've got to mark this thing up.
  This should be marked up like a dance studio.
  They've got to get exactly here.
  We can't be half-assed about this.
  And you know how there's that footage that's filmed of like, you know, there's like fake  footage of Tom Hanks recording his Toy Story voice, but you know, he like did it without  cameras and they brought him in for a press day.
  He didn't look like shit when he went in there that first day and he didn't have the voice  right.
  The benefit of voice acting.
  He should be allowed to look like shit and not have a bunch of lights, like it probably  bugs you what you're doing in a video.
  But like James Cameron, clearly, like this is not like contrived footage because he is  in all the behind the scenes.
  He is being a dick and I would expect no less.
  That's what you want out of him.
  There is a documentary I love that I think is called, I always get the title wrong because  it's a bunch of nothing words, but it's like James Cameron's Deep Sea Challenge 3D.
  And it's a documentary where he hired a crew to make a documentary and he gave them final  cut and the thing makes him look really bad.
  Wow.
  But it's a 3D documentary about him trying to go deeper than anyone has ever gone in  the ocean.
  And a lot of title, 100% on that.
  And yes, James Cameron's Deep Sea Challenge 3D brought to you by Rolex.
  Yes.
  A beautiful National Geographic, a lot of this documentary is a 3D, really well shot  in 3D, well rendered 3D talking head interviews of James Cameron's wife, Susie Amos going  like, I don't know, I mean, you know, I wish he was happy enough just being at home with  us.
  Oh no.
  But if he needs to go to the bottom of the sea and risk dying to prove himself, I guess  that's the man I married.
  Oh my God.
  And it's like, it's just him yelling at people that they haven't built the capsule well enough.
  Is it like that Ginger Baker documentary?  Kind of.
  Where he's like screaming.
  Right.
  Oh my God, this guy.
  Right.
  He's like, I'm going to have a buddy rich tapes or something.
  Except he allowed people to film it in 3D and his wife is just kind of like, yeah, well  that's my husband.
  And that parts in 3D too?  Yes, all of it's in 3D.
  That's a sad interview with 3D.
  James Cameron's marital problems rendered in perfect 3D.
  Eye popping 3D.
  James Cameron's marital challenge 3D.
  I mean, she's complaining about the difficulties of being married to a perfectionist while  playing paddleboard towards the camera.
  Sure.
  Right.
  While operating a remote control pie machine.
  Yes.
  Oh my God.
  This is the ride or the show.
  I did not see it as a child, which I always think of the Ninja Turtles coming out of their  shells show, which I saw as a child.
  And when they, this is going back a little bit, but when they say you five minutes, they  give you that five minutes.
  I would have lost my mind.
  I don't know.
  I was so scared that Shredder locked the doors on me.
  He goes, you're not getting out of here.
  I've locked the doors.
  And I was really scared.
  He's really shredding those CDs in the music destroying machine.
  Yes, he is.
  But there was no fire or whatever.
  He didn't shoot a gun.
  This is the one with the soldiers didn't have guns.
  They were like firing rounds off in the stakes are very high in this attraction because they're  like, we're trying to prevent the end of humanity.
  Like, it's not even just like you folks are going to get directly in the line of fire.
  It's like civilization might be done.
  Right.
 Like Shredder was threatening to destroy music, but like I was like, fuck that.
  Get me out of here.
  I can live without music.
  I don't care.
 I just want to not die.
  Let him have it.
  Yeah.
  This one I would have had to stay.
  As we're saying this, I'm having the realization that, you know, we talked about earlier, our  current dystopian hell.
  We've done a full 180 from this movie because as a kid, I was like, OK with going into the  auditorium because I like, oh, I know that Connors are the good guys.
  But now in 2019, survivalist off the grid maniacs are like QA non people.
  Yeah, they are the bad guys.
  And also the corporation is still the bad guys.
  So there are no good guys.
  There's that weird part in the pre show where they hack into the feed to sell their brain  pills.
 Yes, they did.
  I was curious why they were selling Gorilla Mind at the exit in 2017, right?  As it was closing down.
  Well, that's a joke, but they were selling when I was there in 2017.
  The gift shop was very little Terminator, a lot of Justice League and Suicide Squad  merchandise and DC Comics, individual DC Comics, despite the fact that Marvel Comics  are being sold like a quarter mile away.
  It was very bizarre.
  Strange.
 That's very strange.
  Anybody make it to the cyber grill?  And that was the attached restaurant.
  There was an attached restaurant in Hollywood.
  I did.
  Where the name is it where the playland the main because this was replaced by the  minions ride the funland.
  Yeah.
 Is that where the funland was?  Yeah, that's now like a grew cafe.
  Yes.
 Oh, it is.
  Oh, it is.
 OK, that's on the other side.
  That I mean, at the grew cafe.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It says cyber grill in a scary logo that looks cool.
  But then under that, just like pizza, burgers and sandwiches,  they are not spacefied.
  Right.
 Then in Orlando, it still has not been replaced by something.
  Right.
 That's where the Jason Bourne would be.
  That's what past guest Matt Rogers said.
  Yeah.
 And said, we've heard that elsewhere.
  I think that corroborated a bunch of places.
  It feels like a very weird time to do that.
  It feels like maybe it's not going to happen.
  Yeah, that's my sense now, because it's been so long.
  I'm sure that was a plan at one point.
  Are you saying it fell apart?  Oh, baby, it fell apart.
  No one else remembers the movie song that plays at the end of every  Jason Bourne movie.
 Just me.
  No, you were the biggest Bourne had of all of you.
  I remember.
 I like those movies.
  And you were born to be wild.
  Yes.
 I was born for Bourne.
  Yeah, I look, I did not know the Moby song  that played in the credits of the Bourne movies.
  I'm so sorry.
  You know, it's been two straight hours of deep references  and you you stumped us.
  You see the code to stump us.
  I was already like kind of like upset with myself for not knowing  the Avatar characters.
 And then you said that.
  And I was like looking at Scott like, oh, please don't know this.
  Please.
 You everyone else don't know what Jason's talking about.
  I texted you something.
 Do you want to read it?  What are you talking about?  I love you.
  Well, that's just to be sure.
  I was saying that before.
  It's oh, yeah, it's it's  I see you in Navi.
  All not got to come.
  Yeah, that's really roll off the tongue like Sivakko does.
  Sivakko makes a lot of sense.
  And aside from it not being perhaps  the peak moment of Jason Bourne's cultural relevancy,  it also just feels like other different ride systems,  but at least they replaced like T2 with like minions,  which is also like screen based and place in a similar kind of structure  to like tear that down and just turn it into like a stunt theater.
  Unless do we know it doesn't have a screen component?  I don't know.
  I don't know.
 My hope, but it's like, but what is the screen component?  Right.
 Is it going to be Matt Damon shooting new footage  that people interact with?  Like, is it going to be a stunt show where like Indiana Jones,  someone is pretending to be Jason Bourne?  And like the fights are good in those movies, but it doesn't kind of have  the same sort of iconography as like a whip in a hat.
  Oh, it's a relic.
 Jason is, of course, fuming as you say this.
  Because I'm mad I didn't realize it's actually it's extreme ways,  not separate ways, extreme ways, separate ways.
  Yeah.
 But man, I'm I'm.
  Would you is the biggest born head?  What would you say your blue sky for a born like stunt show is like?  Because I don't know what I would want to see from that.
  You would want like born to me.
  The fun of it is like handheld.
  You're behind him as he's jumping across buildings or something.
  But how do you capture that?  Sure.
 I think.
 OK, I think I can do this.
  I think you were all the audience is potential Treadstone recruits.
  They've reactivated Treadstone.
 Treadstone.
  It's Moby's band.
  Treadstone is the secret CIA program to make the super soldiers.
  I think like two and a half, one and a half.
  Did anyone else know Treadstone?  I have only seen the Jeremy Renner one because I thought it was a clean entry point.
  That's bad.
 I was like, oh, new guy.
  It's going to be easy to get.
  And then the whole movie is them watching security footage from the original.
  I can't remember.
 I don't think I've told this story, but I gave my  stepdad that for Christmas one year, having not seen it myself.
  Yeah.
 And thinking like, well, he's got all the other board movies.
  He'll like this complete the set.
  And and where he's like, oh, why don't we watch this is like after  it's Christmas Day after dinner and we put it in.
  He immediately divorced your mother.
  It is so long and so not great.
  And he very reserved man stood up and went, well, that wasn't very good.
  Oh, no.
  On the roof.
 It is genuinely like a lot of Jeremy Renner being like,  let me find the video.
  And then he watches like a cell phone video of stuff from the first three movies.
  Yeah, I haven't seen that one.
  Wait, Jason, you were so you're in the middle of.
  Yes, the audiences are potential Tredstone recruits.
  And they bring you what it takes to be true, to get Trent Stone.
  Did you say Trent Stone?  Trent Stone.
 What was it?  Treadstone.
 Treadstone.
  I don't fuck if I know Treadstone.
  Treadstone.
 Why would a Treadstone be that much worse?  A.
D.
N.
 award winner, Trent Stone.
  And I think you are being recruited  to to be new Treadstone experiments, recruits, what have you.
  And the stuff you can not determinate or stuff starts to go wrong.
  Maybe Jason Bourne can hack into the footage and they get you into the auditorium.
  And and it's all CIA people in business,  you know, formal where shredding documents and stuff like we got to get out of here.
  Bourne's on his way.
  Live shredding of documents.
  And then he it's hard because you want to keep throwing guys at him  because they'll need to fight like regular goons.
  But then he has to fight like like the Clive Owen, like other Treadstone guys.
  There's always one or two other guys like him who have the enhanced reflex.
  And then he finally has to fight the head of it, Trent himself.
  And then the Mike Sturston,  I constantly scream, who am I?  Because he's still we still kind of don't know who he but we kind of do.
  He's had a few names, I feel like.
  Do you like these movies so much because he has your name?  Jason.
 Yeah, that was why I liked the Red Power Ranger growing up.
  So maybe.
 All right, we solved it.
  Yeah, got it.
  Ethan Hunt just doesn't have my name.
  Something about him.
  Something unrelatable about that.
  He had another movie.
  I don't have my name for it.
  It is kind of like hard to talk about the main body of the T2  3D attraction because it's like just well done, you know?  I know.
 I don't have a lot of notes.
  I just accepted it.
  It's like my notes say best 3D best theme park 3D movie question.
  And then serious guns.
  The incredible sound,  the very nonspecific notes, it's just very good.
  Serious guns, though, you got to admit.
  Serious guns, serious guns, real explosions that they were setting off.
  Yeah, I believe that I was interested.
  The motorcycle wasn't like it was it was in the ground.
  It wasn't like you couldn't go anywhere with it.
  It was on a track.
  Interesting.
 You can't see it at all, though.
  No.
 Yeah, I found this because it was I looked on the website  and I found an interview with one of the guys who played Arnold.
  Oh, and the interview is boring.
  But what I like is that when I open my computer up here,  although it's connected to the recorder, so I shouldn't.
  The man looks like a young G.
  Gordon Liddy, that Jacked Young G.
  Gordon Liddy behind the scenes.
  I love Arnold.
  They had a couple minutes to shoot Arnold talking about this and him just  he's in a chair in a T-shirt and he says, ha ha ha.
  We're back again with the Terminator T2 3D.
  And he is holding a half finished cigar.
  The Stoge.
 I was going to ask.
  Stoge down.
  Peek Arnold's prime.
  The quote I wrote down was he's taking your head off.
  I mean, you see that promo footage.
  I got to know what that means.
  He also seems like he had to be convinced.
  He's like, I didn't necessarily do this.
  But then James Cameron and he's great.
  And like he like he talks about like being talked into it.
  I feel like any kind of says like I could have been.
  Where is this place?  Where are we?  Is it in the California desert?  Why are we doing triumph more so?  But like, which that's the thing about it.
  The they filmed it, a weird abandoned iron mine.
  Yeah.
  In the kind of like way, like further out from Joshua Tree,  frequent movie location, it seems like, but potentially like a toxic play.
  I think it's like embattled.
  The residents want to do something with it.
  And it's just decaying and great post apocalyptic location.
  They had to film there two weeks, almost entirely night.
  Well, yes, entirely night shoots for sure.
  Yeah.
 Crazy production.
  Yeah, I like there's in that in that I think that's in the same  like behind the scenes where James Cameron's talking about like 3D.
  And he's like, you know, you don't want to do that, like those cheap effects  or whatever, you know, you really want to just like I think the trick is to really  just good filmmaking with 3D like he he lays it out.
  But then he's like, but you also want like a few of those tricks  which you get.
  We get the head.
  You can see it was a good balance.
  John, the T 1000 head poking out.
  But that's cool.
  The tricks are cool.
  There's one million.
  They just don't match.
  They're a little sillier.
  The mini hunters give you a lot.
  That's some fun.
  Like that, like I think  I think it holds up because the mini hunters wasn't around.
  And the T one million are metallic.
  And they're able to use like the reflectiveness, the shininess of 3D.
  It's like the Toy Story thing where it's like that still ages OK,  because they're supposed to look super shiny and plastic.
 Right.
  Sure.
 Right.
  One of the things I'm sure somebody's going to correct me and I'm wrong,  but it's the the theater kind of opening up effect, which is used  in like Mickey's Philhar Magic and then is used in the newer  DreamWorks theater show.
  Oh, Kung Fu Panda, where they do sort of do the whole.
  The sudden where they were hiding some cards that we actually there's  way more screen than you even thought.
  Right.
 Like that's it.
  Now that's sort of a trope, I feel like, of these type of movies.
  And sort of building on, I feel  Muppet Vision that we're starting to do now.
  I now at the end, the cannon goes off and there's little flickers and missing  bricks and there's effects on the walls you don't know about,  but not full screen expansion yet.
  Right.
 I think a great thing about that, it like takes it exists in a world  where some of the like there's been some cool 3D theme park movies,  but how can we take it to the next level?  I also just love the thing that makes it feel like a proper  Terminator installment to me is it doesn't end with like Jimmy Fallon  going like, well, thanks.
  Looks like I beat you this time.
  See you around on the next episode.
  Like it ends the way the Terminator movies end with like  Sarah Connor delivering a voiceover monologue  like a serious monologue.
  And then you have the imagery of the skull turning into Arnold.
 Right.
  Like already the logic of it, if you investigate, it's a little like, wait,  why are we being able to see a portal of them in another time period?  But then I like that in that final stretch, it's just like, no,  we're just going like full stylistic.
 Like this is a movie.
  It's ending.
 And then they pose real cool.
  Right.
 It's a real end of a play, too.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's just kind of weighty and dramatic.
  Maybe this is the best work of narrative art  that anyone has ever made.
 No argument for me.
  Wait a second.
 Yeah.
  I think that's probably yeah, this or the California Adventure Aladdin show.
  Yeah.
 They're one of the two.
  If you had to rate Muppet Vision versus T2 3D.
  It's really tough because it's like they almost represent  like the two different sides of my personality.
  And I think they're both incredible executions.
  They're both like examples of like the last pure time  that the original creator had his hand in his creation.
  That's true.
 Yeah, that's a good way.
  Absolutely.
 I think they're like the best technical executions of 3D  I've ever seen.
  And I think unlike most theme park movies like this,  they they have like proper like stories.
  Yeah.
 Like they kind of they kind of work as films in and of themselves,  watching them like, you know, on YouTube, even in the sort of butchered way  that we do Shrek 4D, you will not enjoy watching that as a short, you know.
  But you can on Netflix.
  You can.
 I have.
 Yes, I have, too.
  It's a bad movie.
  Yeah.
 Well, you would have a bad time if the ghost of Farquaad  interrupted your honey boot.
 OK.
  I mean, fair point.
  That is fair point.
  But I would say maybe that is one of the big advantages that T2 3D  and Muppet Vision 3D both have going for them, which is no ghost of Farquaad.
  Right.
 Specifically, Farquaad.
  That was going to be my plus up for this, though.
  You wanted to be a little ghost of Farquaad.
  There is an irritating ghost.
  We must stop.
  I if this was still going in Florida, I would say this should be a plus up,  but it is still running in Japan, which you are about to go.
  Are you not? But I am not doing universal.
  This when I kind of this gave me a little regret  because I didn't realize this was still going.
  This backdraft and jaws.
 Yeah.
  Kind of tempting.
 Next trip for me.
  Yeah, you should.
 I think it'd be a second time for me.
  Next year, if we go, we'll do it.
  Because there's so much.
  It's far.
 That's the thing.
  We've got too much to do.
  Like to make all that effort.
  Like I'm going to go to Disney Sea, which has all these custom things  you can't see anywhere.
  And then I'm going to go to all the way to Osaka, see three things  that we used to have once.
  Well, but what if I told you and I pulled from this before,  the Universal Japan English language website  makes these rides even better.
  Oh, boy.
 It's just this is not like the oh, look, they translate to English.
  Isn't that funny?  They their copy is so great on this website.
  Reality is dissolved and absorbed right before your eyes into the world of Terminator.
  The battle for the future between humans and cyborgs unfolds before your eyes.
  A super 3D movie that makes you reflexively lean back comes up close.
  And suddenly the hero on screen appears on stage,  powerfully recreated world of Terminator dissolves reality.
  And then in a blink of an eye swallows it whole.
  I mean, wow, that's great.
  Description I have ever heard of a Robert Frost poem.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  That's that's says it.
  I don't think that under does.
  I love this thing.
  And I think, yes, somewhere finally gave it to.
  It's got to last another year, just like two years, just in case.
  Is it in English or Japanese?  That was the one thing I did not look up.
  A lot of it's in Japanese.
  A lot of the other stuff is in Japanese.
  I don't know specifically about this.
  Hmm.
 Hmm.
 That's a good question.
  I would be curious, but I do feel like I felt such a  a pang of regret that I missed it at Orlando by a month.
  Oh, yeah.
  That there's this part of me that feels so unfulfilled that I'm just like,  I need to make sure I get the fucking Tokyo before this thing closes down.
  Like, I want to see it again properly through adult eyes.
  And my girlfriend, which the last time I was on the show,  had never been to a theme park before.
  We had just come from doing Disneyland for two days.
  She wanted me to announce on this show that she is now, quote,  ride or die for rides.
  Yeah.
  Convert.
 So I feel like, you know, like, you know,  a couple of months of steady work.
  I could very easily sell her on the idea of we have to fly to Tokyo  so I can see a 15 million minute Terminator film.
  You actually have to get to Osaka.
  So further to go to Tokyo if you want.
  That's one of those you think it's like it's just in the neighborhood.
  It's many hours away.
 Yeah.
  But next to what I keep saying next year is that  the first Nintendo land will be open next summer.
  And that makes it.
  Oh, I mean, if that's if Terminator is still open, when that is opening,  that's that's fully worth that.
  And there's also an Olympics going on.
  Well, well, that might be a negative.
  It's very crowded and crowded.
  In terms of like, you know, plus up ideas, you do feel like now that Cameron  has gotten the reins back on the franchise,  what would be nice is for him to just make a new Terminator 3D movie.
  Oh, very nice.
  New experience that sets up the next one.
  The dark fate narrative.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  Absolutely.
  There needs to be just another park, one Disney park,  and they can throw all this Fox stuff in it.
 Right.
  Because Terminator feels kind of evergreen.
  The thing that makes, I guess, made the attraction feel dated  in universal size is that it's T2 specific.
  You know, right.
  But it feels like I mean, I guess the difference is we're talking about  like how, you know, you imagine Disney is going to find some way to exploit  Alien and Predator and Planet of the Apes in their parks.
  But those are franchises that are based off of creatures,  like not specifically one actor, right?  Giving an iconic movie star performance in the same way.
  Like, you know, Ripley is obviously huge,  but you can make a ride that's just the xenomorphs and people happy.
 Right.
  But but this it's like it's not really a term.
  Everything is Schwarzenegger, isn't it? Right.
  That's yeah, he's so tied to it.
 Yeah.
  I wonder if it also feels like him doing, yeah,  doing a new movie with just the same cast, which is what everyone wants.
 Right.
  But it doesn't seem like it might extend the life,  unless maybe the new characters pop in a way.
 But it's you know, it's hard.
  You're not going to get your new character.
  And every time they go like this is the start of a new trilogy.
  It doesn't.
 We planned out three of them.
  Yeah, it's got to be an accident almost in the way that like apes, I mean,  they were probably planning those movies,  but like it was sort of surprising that apes was as good as it was.
  And then the second one built on it a bunch more like,  maybe just set the expectation.
 Let's just terminate.
  The one good terminator under our right.
  We'll see if it ever happens.
 Yeah, it may never happen.
  I remember like Mick G at a comic con teasing like and comments.
  Character is going to have a lot to do in the third movie.
  Like that was a selling point.
  I mean, but at least now we see a more utopian vision for common  because he is living in the future.
 He's always dreamed of the rise of the machines.
  That's a dystopia.
 That future.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 But with Microsoft,  common is living in the future.
  We've always dreamed of technology connecting us in new ways.
  The Beto O'Rourke campaign  crouching on coffee shop tables, knocking over drinks.
  If what we want in presidential candidates is just meaningless platitudes,  why aren't we running common?  Yes.
 Common talking about a surface tablet in every American's hands.
  Yeah.
 It's a candidate for the common man.
 Yeah.
  Do we get there? Is there anything else?  Anything we missed? A volley of anything?  I'm sure we missed a ton of stuff.
 I just can't think of anything.
  I think you don't have anything written down anymore.
  I know we have so little on the movie and I think because you just had to be there.
  You had to experience it.
 You had to battle across time yourself.
  It had to be you had getting knocked off.
  I did.
 I bought a bunch of merchandise at the store.
  I think I probably had a T-shirt that I've lost somewhere along the way,  but I bought a bunch of toys, which were they took like the Terminator 2 toys  and repackage them in Terminator 3D packaging.
  But they also made a T1 million.
  They did.
 Which falls into your category of toys representing just park specific.
  Yeah, exactly.
 But you don't have that.
 I don't.
  And I think for granted now, I think it's maybe a little hard to come by  because it was the only one that wasn't that never got a mass release.
  You know, right.
  The other toys were just a packaging difference.
 Interesting.
  Let's see.
 OK, what T1 million on eBay?  Yeah.
 I'm searching right now.
  T2, $1 million.
 Yeah.
  Actually, I don't even think it's coming up.
  Wow.
 T2 3D.
  You get until there's a Sergeant Candy toy.
  You're going to start the candy might very quickly become your number two  behind Rex.
  He might be your second is an open spot in all of media.
  I mean, there isn't a number two or a number three or a numbers  four through a hundred for that.
  So far, it's a one and done list.
  Yep.
 Yeah.
  Candy pop culture character monogamous.
  Yes.
 But maybe it's time to branch out.
  I see here that I cannot find T2 3D  T1 million, but I can find funny 3D print  Putin, Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un short sleeve casual T-shirt.
  And they're all in like tracksuits together.
  You know what? That's what I was thinking.
  Yeah.
  Post that on Twitter.
  Send me that.
 That's really fun.
  Ten bucks.
 Ten bucks.
  Oh, that's great.
 Free shipping, too.
  I'm going to find I will send you at some point after we're done recording.
  Can you send that the T  the Robocop Terminator toy?  So, yes.
 Oh, yes.
 Very curious about that.
  Right.
 I'll create a drop box of all the toys I've ever.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  We can all access that.
 Right.
  And it'll all be uploaded to Skynet.
  Yes.
 Yeah, we're soon enough.
  Griffin Newman, once again, you have survived podcasts.
  The right.
 I was trying to think.
  I was trying to find the script while we were talking so I could do like the actual.
  Oh, the end.
 So once again, we have found ourselves.
  Yeah.
 Amused by the toy observations of a wonderful guest.
  You do feel like you've survived at the end of this, right?  I mean, it is a real like we accomplished something here today.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Futures.
 I think mainly we accomplished it not being three hours.
  But yes, we'll keep stepping up the link.
  And hey, you knew it was a great ride because it had a dash and a colon.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Double pump.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 Our favorites.
  Just build up your girlfriend to be ride or die for complicated punctuation.
  And then she really made it.
  Yeah.
 We're still at the point in our relationship where she doesn't understand  why I get worked up about that.
  She now gets why I get excited about rides.
  She's like, who cares what the thing is called in due time?  Sure.
 She'll get there.
  BVS Dawn of Justice.
 Why Dawn?  And what's the what's the new Terminator again?  Dark Fate.
 Dark Fate.
  Dark Fate.
 OK.
  Yeah.
 Turn your dark shadows.
  The Tick Season two is just the Tick Season two.
  It's not.
 No, there's no.
  It's a Tick Season two Robin season.
  No, there's no.
  We're not doing the the Stranger Things argument that it's not a second season.
  It's a sequel.
  It is a classic good old American season two and 10 episodes all on Amazon Prime.
  Great.
 Great.
 Check it out.
  Uh, and the podcast, which I've been listening to it since you've been here.
  But but take please watch watch early and watch often.
  Streaming landscape is the Wild West these days.
  It sure is.
 Keep refreshing.
  Yeah.
 You and Peter Serafinovitz together are so funny.
  Thank you.
 As a duo.
  It's delightful.
 Thank you.
  I thank you.
 Thank you for coming to the you.
  You saw you're one of the few people who has seen the premiere.
  Yeah.
 And you guys were very funny on on panel, too.
  Thank you.
 Thank you.
  We it's one of the reasons I want the show to keep going  is that we all actually like each other, which I think for all of us,  we know how rare it is that there isn't at least one gigantic asshole in a group.
  And usually they bring the whole thing down.
  And so like every time we get to do like a convention or promo thing,  we're like, this is like great.
 We get to like hang out.
  Like we want to have dinner together.
  Yeah.
 We like being in break rooms together.
 Sure.
  So I just, you know, I don't want to go back into the wilds of pilot season.
  It's somewhat less appealing.
  You never know when you're going to get cast on like a lethal weapon, you know,  with people.
 Oh, right.
  Oh, yeah.
 Daily basis.
 Right.
 Right.
 Yes.
  Have you thought about getting back into improv classes?  I've never been a time to start taking classes.
  Yeah, I have thought about it.
 Yes.
 Orlando.
 Yes.
 Of course.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
 Oh, boy.
  I think we're all going to move there after this.
  Hey, as for us, check us out on Twitter, on Instagram.
  Check out the Patreon second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast, the ride.
  Check out our tea public store.
  Anything else specific going on right now?  I don't know.
 Nothing.
  Yeah.
 Just all fun stuff.
  Yeah, absolutely.
 And,  yeah, Civico, Civico,  checking out all of our peripheral.
  If you can.
 All right.
  Thanks for listening.
 Catch you next time.
  Forever dog.
  This has been a forever dog production,  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bowen, Joe Sileo,  and Alex Ramsey, engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
