 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Podcasts arrived at the second gate.
  Hello, welcome.
  The real casual one today.
  Yeah.
  Real casual getting into it.
  Yeah, yeah, we're doing real casual.
  Scott's not here, so we don't have to be as formal.
  He always insists on, you know,  announcing who we are and saying what we're doing.
  We don't care.
  Jason and I are free spirits.
  Yeah, it's just Jason and Mike, the naughty boys.
  As we were once christened by the great Joe Wingert  when he was coaching our improv team five lifetimes ago.
  Did he actually make that up or is that something we said?  And then he like said it like,  was like, oh God, what are these assholes saying?  I think, yeah, he may have,  maybe we said it in a scene or something like that.
  And he kept up the joke.
  The thing is with naughty boys,  now that I'm thinking about it,  we thought that was funny at the time,  but now that's kind of feels like proud boys to me  or something.
  So I would be a little bit worried  if we were called naughty boys.
  Well, we do call ourselves, we are the good boys.
  Yeah, I mean, we've called ourselves that a little bit.
  I almost feel like the listeners have taken that on  and made that our identity a little more.
  Not that we haven't leaned into it  because we certainly have.
  So yeah, I guess I don't really associate myself  as naughty anymore like I once did.
  Yeah, yeah, we've calmed down in our 30s.
  We were such wild children in our 20s.
  I mean, we're actually exactly the same.
  But we're gonna go back a little today  to our childlike states of wonder  and something that I kind of have never dropped.
  We're talking Marvel Mania today  and we're reviving the Marvel Mania menu.
  We're launching a new Marvel Mania.
  Yeah, so we did an episode in the City Walk saga  that contained Marvel Mania.
  It was in one of the sectors,  I'm trying to remember which number it was.
  Sector 17.
  Sector 17.
  The Fallen Brothers.
  Had, yeah, it was the Fallen Brothers  and it had Marvel Mania in it.
  It was a short-lived restaurant  at Universal Studios City Walk in Hollywood.
  Yes.
  Not in Orlando.
  Not in Orlando, but originally advertised  as coming to Orlando for the Islands of Adventure  City Walk expansion.
  I remember it very clearly  because I was at the preview center.
  I got all the preview materials and I pored over it.
  I'm like, I can't wait to eat at this Marvel restaurant.
  Yeah, oh, I actually didn't as a kid.
  I was not, it was not on my radar either of these coasts,  but seeing all that stuff would have made me crazy  because as kids we were ravenous for Marvel content.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, I can imagine that you as a kid were like,  oh boy, oh baby, here we go.
  Oh yeah, and I told the story of being at Islands  of Adventure opening summer and City Walk as well  and just asking everyone,  is the Marvel Mania restaurant not open?  When is it opening?  You were asking people at City Walk?  I was asking people.
  Like who, who were you asking?  Like they used to have little help kiosks  when it was brand new because you couldn't really,  at times you haven't been able to make reservations  at restaurants or if you did, you had to do it at a kiosk.
  So I'd be like, what's going on with this Marvel Mania  that was in the promotional, like in the stuff  and they're like, we don't-  So how old are you then?  You're like 13 or something?  Yes, the normal things a 13 year old was doing  like what's the deal with this advertised food service?  So did you know, did you know where it would have gone?  Like it wasn't, you weren't that in deep.
  I guess obviously the internet wasn't so great yet.
  I don't think they advertised it  and even that I knew Hollywood had gotten one somehow.
  I think they mentioned it in Marvel comics  and then Wizard Magazine had a round table  where like I think then still knew editor Joe Cassata  and some other Marvel people were eating  and being interviewed at the Marvel Mania restaurant  at Universal Hollywood.
  Oh yeah, I do remember that actually now that you say that.
  Yeah.
  That I do remember.
  So I did, I guess it was on my radar,  but like I've said many times on the podcast before,  it was in Los Angeles so I would never go there.
  No, and you know, this was my childhood version  of what I experienced recently with the Hard Rock Park  of being nostalgic for a place I never was  because I always wanted to go to the Marvel Mania restaurant.
  Like as a kid, especially when we were in the vacation club  and we knew our points could be used at other Disney things,  I was like, it would be great to go to Southern California  to eat at Marvel Mania and ride this Indiana Jones ride,  but I know that's incredibly realistic.
  Unrealistic?  Unrealistic, yes.
  Unrealistic to drag my family to do these two things.
  Yeah, I just was like, okay, I've been on a plane  once and will probably never be on a plane again  because I'm too scared  and my family doesn't seem to want to fly ever.
  So yeah, okay, that just happens out there.
  Oh cool, there's an Indiana Jones ride?  Yeah, that'd be fun.
  Never going to happen.
  There's no way.
  There's no, seriously not,  it didn't even occur to me that I could go there.
  I don't know what it is, what it is about the Midwest  or what it is about certain suburbs or whatever  where you're just like, I'm here forever, baby.
  Well, I think, I mean, before I came to Disneyland  for the first time, which within like an hour or two,  I was like, this place is truly wonderful.
  The reputation of Disneyland in my mind as an East coaster  who spent his childhood going to Disney World  is Disneyland is just the Magic Kingdom.
  Yeah, no, I think I wasn't,  I don't think I even thought about it  because Disneyland obviously reinvigorated my love  for this stuff because I wasn't following it so hard  through like college and stuff.
  I wasn't reading Disney Adventure in college.
  I wasn't reading Jim Hill in college.
  Scott is the one, he's not here.
  He's also in Japan, that's why he's not here.
  He's on assignment in the land of the rising sun.
  Our cub reporter, Scott Garner in Japan.
  He was, Scott was reading like Jim Hill before,  years before I ever even knew of Mr.
 Hill.
  It didn't, for whatever reason, it didn't dawn on me,  but I would check in on a website called IOACentral.
com.
  Which was rumors.
  I went to Adventure Central?  Yeah, which is now defunct.
  What year?  Like freshman year in college, I remember doing this.
  Wow, Islands of Adventure specific news website.
  Yeah.
  In 2003?  Yeah, 2003, 2004.
  And I remember making my backdrop  like Marvel Superhero Island.
  Also, my current computer backdrop is also a picture.
  Marvel Superhero Island.
  It's all of Islands of Adventure.
  Okay, fair enough.
  It's like a crazy Photoshop  where it's all on one like flat plane.
  So yeah, you're like, your dream,  everything is just Islands of Adventure,  Marvel Superhero Island, Spider-Man ride.
  Like that is the top, I think, it seems like for you.
  I think it was just like perfect timing.
  If you could live in nostalgia, it would be there.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Because like, I don't, I think like as a kid,  I mean the speculator boom,  like the early 90s comics boom of like X-Men number one,  the Jim Lee, Chris Claremont one is selling  like 10 million copies or whatever.
  I came to it like probably a year later  where that comic was like a dollar everywhere  because there was so fucking many of them.
  Yeah, sure.
  And then I was trying to catch up  and I was also just trying to understand  the world of comics.
  So then by the time I get to like middle school,  to me, I don't know anything about Marvel  having financial difficulties.
  I'm just like, well, I liked the Phalanx covenant  and onslaught and Operation Zero tolerance.
  Bankruptcy.
  I think as I got into like seventh and eighth grade,  I started to become more aware  because it would get in the news.
  And it was in Wizard.
  I was a very savvy seventh, eighth, ninth grade.
  I knew all about Avi Arad and Toy Biz.
  So this is a real quick recap,  Marvel file for bankruptcy in like 90 what, six?  No, 99.
  Was it 99?  Was it a little later?  I think it was a little later.
  But then they were rescued by the toy company Toy Biz.
  Yeah.
  Which was the company that made Marvel  and Marvel figures and other toys as well.
  And that was owned by Avi Arad and now CEO,  like Perlmutter.
  Perlmutter, real life super villain.
  Real life Dr.
 Doom, like Perlmutter.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, so they basically like bought the company  and rescued it from bankruptcy.
  And then Avi Arad is still like producer on some,  he was up on stage at the Oscars  receiving the Oscar for Spider-verse.
  Really?  Yeah.
  Is he still on all the Marvel movies  or just like the Spider-Man ones?  Just the Spider-Man ones.
  For whatever reason,  I have to look in exactly why that is.
  He's a very, he's got a producing credit  on a lot of the earlier ones, like The Punisher.
  Yeah.
  I've heard, I don't know if I'm allowed,  I probably won't, I won't say these stories.
  I've heard stories though of like him pitching  crazy things in the room for Marvel movies.
  Like he's- Probably.
  He's like a little bit of a madman.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I knew him as like the guy whose name was on  all the Marvel, like movies and cartoons.
  So I was like, well, I like that guy.
  He makes the stuff I like.
  Cause if you can imagine,  there was a dearth of Marvel media.
  Now we're at like the crest of the wave  for like the Avengers end game comes out in a week.
  And who knows what happens after that.
  The crest of the wave,  sorry to clarify that expression.
  Does that mean we're at the apex essentially?  Is that what that means?  I think I might be using that wrong.
  I guess the crest of a wave is when,  right before it becomes all crashing down.
  And I don't know that I believe that.
  We are certainly at a climax of the first like leg,  which was 22 movies or 23 movies.
  Yeah.
  The only reason I think I was wondering what that meant  is because I was like, I don't think,  I think a much bigger wave before a crash even is happening.
  Yeah.
  I think that we'll get up to like seven  Marvel movies a year.
  Yeah.
  And like there'll be just a channel.
  I mean, there's going to be Disney plus there's be like  a ABC will be replaced by Marvel TV shows or something weird.
  Like we'll get to the point where this,  everyone be so sick of this.
  We will have a what the TV series,  the, the Marvel parody of itself comments.
  Yeah.
 Oh, and what the, I believe here's a little anecdote.
  So maybe you have a similar thing.
  I don't even know if we've ever talked about this.
  When AOL started, there would be massive,  this is very creepy now in my head,  but this is just how you're my little 12 year old brain work.
  People would post the screen names  of the writers and artists.
  Jesus.
  On things.
  And I was like fascinated because on an instant messenger,  that was everyone's life.
  It was portrayed in pen 15,  where you just go on your instant messenger and talk to  friends.
  I got both my prom dates over it.
  Well, it's the messenger.
  Wow.
 Really both.
  Yeah.
  Was it just a simple, Hey, you want to go to prom?  Pretty like pretty much because like,  I didn't know when I'd run into people in the hallways.
  Like, yeah,  but you were doing it to be,  you were being a coward too.
  Oh, absolutely.
  Yeah.
  That to be fair.
  I'm not saying I wasn't a coward either.
  I'm just saying that, yeah, that's a,  the only time I wasn't was performing.
  And that's why I like when I was doing plays and stuff was  the only time I did not feel cowardly at school.
  Uh-huh.
  So, but you, they said yes.
  They did.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 Well, that's good.
  Yeah.
  Cause that would actually make it easier to say no to  somebody.
 I think you could at least like wait a while.
  Like if somebody texted me a thing,  I'd wait a while and compose like a perfectly like amazing,  let you down nicely thing.
  And then like text it as a big paragraph.
  Well, the first one, junior prom, the response was,  are you serious dude?  And I was like, yeah, yeah, a hundred percent.
  And then the second one, there was a long pause.
  And I later found out,  gonna keep this as vague as possible.
  The person called another friend of ours who she was like  secretly, they were secretly dating,  but he didn't want anyone to know because he was an asshole.
  Like he's like, don't tell it.
  Like they were secretly.
  And she said like, so what,  so I got asked, but you didn't seem like you want it to get,  and he's like, yeah, go with, go with him.
  Like,  so it was like a cover.
  You were like a decoy or you were pretty much like, yeah,  you were to throw people off the scent.
  So honestly, he probably liked it.
  He was probably happy that his secret girlfriend was going  with this other guy.
  Cause then people would go, oh,  well she obviously doesn't have a real boyfriend.
  Yeah.
  So you, but you do know this going in.
  I didn't know that until I was 31.
  Really?  Yeah.
  You didn't know about secret boyfriend until.
  No, I knew about secret boyfriend down later on,  but I didn't know that exchange happened.
  Oh, okay.
  That obviously she had to get approval from secret boyfriend.
  Yeah.
  He wouldn't even, did he go to prom?  Yeah.
  In our limo.
  Who did he go to prom with?  Someone else.
  Wait, what?  Yeah.
  Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
  So he went with a different person to prom.
  Was he dating her secretly too?  No.
  She was just a decoy.
  He, I think it was to get someone else in.
  There was a lot of managing of like getting people  from other schools or underclassmen in to a prom.
  Yeah.
  I don't quite understand.
  So there was some sort of a.
  I didn't understand it at the time.
  There was some sort of a negotiation  with a different high school to get somebody's friend to come.
  So he was taking somebody's friend maybe  from a different high school so they could be allowed access  to your prom.
  There was a lot of negotiations.
  You don't remember the girl's name?  I don't know.
  That he would have taken.
  I don't remember that girl's name.
  You remember his name?  Yeah.
  Okay, okay.
  So you know those people well, I'm not asking you  to say that they're names.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I wouldn't hate it.
  It would be funny.
  There's a thing when,  if there's any teenagers listening to this,  if you think you're too smart for your own good,  I would advise you to experiment with drugs and alcohol.
  Cause if you don't, this is what you do.
  You do Machiavellian maneuvering and maneuvering.
  Manipulation of your friendships.
  Okay, so in the limo, you knew that guy before as well.
  Yeah.
  You didn't know he was dating your prom date.
  Who had the flu when we went to prom.
  Who had the flu.
  So was there any, did they even like,  did they dance it all together?  And you go, oh, we're just friends  and they're just friends.
 Maybe in a group.
  But never anything.
  She seemed like she was about to die  cause she was like running a fever.
  I ran a fever at a turnabout once.
  Is that where the girls-  That's like Sadie Hawkins dance.
  Oh, right, right.
 Okay, yeah.
  And then I made everyone come home with my friend Ryan  and I made them watch a TLC match, a WWE TLC match.
  That's much more fun.
  Tables, ladders and chairs.
  But I was also like running a fever  cause I had been sick all week.
  And yeah, I think they were all bored,  but I think I was like delirious.
  Not that I wouldn't be that dumb  to like bore a whole bunch of people  that I didn't know that well.
  But yeah, anyway, so she's running a fever.
  You're in the limo.
  There's a different guy that you know  that's secretly dating  or you don't know they're secretly dating.
  He has brought somebody from some other school,  some other situation.
  And then they never interact at all.
  So they're lovers.
  Barely, yeah.
  They're two lovers.
  But they just are committed to this secret situation.
  Yeah.
  And they never,  cause this is a longer story for a different time,  but there's been times when a friend of mine  was seeing somebody that I went to a dance with  and I didn't know.
  And then when I finally knew, I put it all together.
  I said, oh my God, of course this time.
  Oh, that was weird.
  I remember this now.
  And of course I should have seen,  it's like the end of usual suspects.
  Yeah.
  You go, oh my God, I should have seen all of this  or sixth sense or whatever.
  It's like a movie.
  But you're saying you now in hindsight,  you didn't even see it.
  They were so good about it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I mean, let's not say good.
  Because she seemed like in her telling,  she's like, I was young.
  I begrudgingly went along to it.
  And it wasn't until I was older that I realized  that was super shitty and manipulative.
  Yeah.
  I like the idea though that she would be like,  Hey Jason, can you, there's a limb over here.
  Get me a cup of ice in it.
  And somebody's like, oh sure.
  And you like, you like turn your back  and they're just making out like furiously.
  And you're like, oh, the ice is really stuck  at the bottom here.
  And you like put it in the glass, you turn around  and they're just like back in the situation,  back in the same situation.
  You know, I think part of my charm is a charming naivety  and a very hard citizens guy.
  And those are my only modes.
  That's fair.
  I think that's fair.
  Swinging between the one and the other.
  So it's possible they were like hardcore making out  when you'd go to the bathroom.
  Well, probably not because I don't think  she wanted to pass along whatever she had,  like whatever illness she had.
  But like you dropped your baked potato at the table  and you're like, let me go get this baked potato.
  And then they like lean over and start making out.
  Just got to retrieve the old baked potato.
  Yeah, that's a very funny like slapstick routine.
  I'm imagining that is what happened.
  I mean, the next day most people like bailed  or the couples went off their separate ways.
  And those of us who were still standing  went to Chuck E.
 Cheese and have a lot of fun at Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Well, I can't be mad at that.
  Yeah.
  That's great.
  And the two of them went as well or no?  One of them disappeared and the other went home  to sleep for 12 hours because of the flu.
  It didn't go and the other guy went away.
  Okay, got it.
  I mean, he crashed on someone's rec room basement floor  that night.
  No one had a good time sleeping on shag carpet.
  Like, I don't know.
  I mean, at the time you're like, oh, we got to do that.
  We got to go to the after-prompt party  and then we all got to crash at someone's house.
  We did that too.
  Which I don't, it's all exhausting.
  It was exhausting.
  I also though at the time, like I've had to get over the fact  because like my mom drilled it in my head  that if I, excuse me, didn't get enough sleep, I would die.
  So I would get so worked up if I didn't get enough sleep.
  Oh, I would never get enough.
  So I don't think I got more than six hours of sleep  at night in high school.
  On the weekends I would sleep like 10 to 12 hours.
  I think there was certainly situations  where I wouldn't get enough sleep,  but I was always just very paranoid  about not getting enough sleep.
  And now I've kind of gotten over it a little bit  where it's like, I don't,  even though I actually didn't get enough sleep last night,  but you just kind of like roll with it as opposed to like,  I was like, oh my God, I've only gotten two hours of sleep.
  I'm gonna get so sick.
  I'm gonna get so sick.
  And then I just worked myself into being sick.
  Yeah, oh yeah.
  I would just make myself sick  because I was like worried about that.
  I made myself sick all grades.
  And let's be honest, that's what sick is.
  A lot of the time it's just stress in our brains.
  Yeah.
 Okay, anyway.
  This is a circuitous route to say, yeah,  like all of these problems went away  when I went to see my friends in the Marvel universe.
  Sure, yes.
  I had friends in the Marvel universe as well.
  And I enjoyed their company a lot.
  I have a lot of the comics still upstairs.
  And it's funny because there was a great creative resurgence  at Marvel that came out of the bankruptcy  because they kind of gave people a little bit of free rein.
  Joe Cassata made editor of the Marvel Knights line.
  And that, you had Kevin Smith writing Daredevil.
  And then David Mack came in and did it.
  And then eventually Cassata promoted to editor in chief.
  Brian Michael Bendis comes in at the time.
  Grant Morrison writes X-Men run.
  All of this great talent was happening  like in the bankruptcy recovery.
  Well before the Marvel cinematic universe.
  But-  Well, X-Men happened.
  Yeah, and X-Men happens right around that time.
  The first movie.
  The first movie, yeah.
  But all of that is kind of separate from Marvel Mania  because Marvel Mania was kind of a hodgepodge  of like 90s Marvel.
  Yeah, mid to late 90s Marvel.
  Yeah, this is before the cool,  because Marvel sort of had, with Cassata,  like the Marvel Knights line was a little darker,  a little weirder.
  Yeah.
  And then it's for sure the Grant X-Men,  which I love as well, very weird, very creepy in places.
  And not at all like the tone of the 90s X-Men,  which is just very big and colorful.
  I've said it before, everyone's just hot.
  Every character in the X-Men is just so good looking.
  It's insane.
  They're like all pumped up.
  Yeah.
  And it's totally a different vibe.
  But yeah, Marvel Mania right in the pocket  of all the X-Men are hot, bright colors,  great artists still on all the menus and stuff.
  And yeah, it's very much this stuff I started reading  when I started reading Marvel really.
  But kind of like great artists,  but in Marvel Mania kind of shoehorned together.
  Like kind of like-  Oh yeah, the menus aren't perfectly designed.
  The menus aren't perfectly designed.
  And I have to say, when we first talked about Marvel Mania,  we talked about like, well,  we'll have to revisit Marvel Mania,  or we'll have to come up with a new Marvel Mania menu,  which I have a lot of pitches for today.
  The other thing that got me down that rabbit hole  and I revisited was looking at, can I buy these menus?  Can I find these menus on eBay?  Yes.
  And they are gouging these prices.
  Like how much is that?  Anywhere between 35 and a hundred plus dollars  for these menus.
  And are they in good condition?  They seem reasonably good condition,  but my discovery doing this is that I found some  more affordable items where I realized like,  we might be able to practically,  we could restart Marvel Mania realistically.
  And this has been on my mind recently.
  We knew Scott was going out of town.
  Are you going to propose that we start a restaurant?  I mean, I've got a menu and-  All you need for a restaurant is one menu.
  I've got some pitches.
  You know, you were explaining to me recently  the way licensing works for toys.
  Yeah.
  You were talking about how like the Ninja Turtles,  they'll give the license to anyone.
  To make toys, right?  Yeah, for a lot of different, most properties now,  people that want to make so much money that there's like  very few exclusive licenses for toys.
  So like for years, Playmates was the only company  that can make Turtles toys.
  Now there's many of these different cooler collectible  companies like NECA or Super 7 that can also make Turtles.
  The only problem is that they just can't put them next to  the current Nickelodeon Playmates toy line.
  But a lot of it works this way for DC.
  It works this way for a lot of things where you can get  a license for a lot of things.
  I don't know how it applies to restaurants.
  I don't either, but you can start-  All right, turn your computer on and show me  whatever this is gonna be.
  So I found a guy selling this plate,  an official Marvel media plate.
  That looks fake.
  But on the eBay page, there's a couple of things.
  One, he shows the box the plate is in  and it's got the shipping label on it  saying it was going to Universal Studios.
  100 Universal Plaza, whatever Universal Studios  Hollywood's address is.
  And I say, well, okay, so this plate is retailing.
  He's buy it now for $8.
  I have a $5 off eBay coupon that brings the plate  down to $3.
  I start to read the description more.
  He's like, I am selling this plate.
  In fact, I have a lot of 2000 of these plates.
  I am willing to do bulk discounts.
  So I have ordered one of these plates  to see the quality of this Marvel media plate.
  And I'll post the link to this Marvel media plate.
  What the Marvel media plate looks like,  and maybe this actually isn't gonna be,  maybe everyone doesn't have this experience.
  As a kindergartener, I made a plate for the holidays.
  I don't know if you had to done this as well.
  Oh yeah, I made a ton of these shitty plates.
  So you know what I'm talking about then.
  So most people probably do then.
  I drew Michelangelo as Santa Claus.
  It was kindergarten.
  He is holding a present.
  It's not my finest artwork.
  But this plate looks like a slightly better version of that.
  I mean, obviously the characters are well designed or whatever,  but it looks like a cheap ass plate  that was just drawn on with some,  I'm underselling it.
  It looks better than that.
  But it looks like a knockoff.
  It looks like something you'd get at a dollar store.
  It looks like a knockoff,  but there were enough pictures on the guy's description  and enough positive reviews.
  And he's saying that these were legit.
  These were legit.
  I don't know if they were ever,  I don't think they were ever used.
  They look still in the wrapping.
  So this guy stole.
  Bought, I think bought.
  You think he bought them from someone else.
  I think he bought like,  How do you know that?  When they're clearing out.
  This is like a guy in a van when he goes,  hey, I got a bunch of TVs who fell off the truck.
  Because other people are selling this same plate too.
  Okay, so that verifies that it's real.
  I think it's real.
  But I'm saying we don't know that this guy  didn't steal a big thing of plates.
  He could have.
  Look, the only thing he is selling on eBay  are these plates.
  Are these plates?  But again.
  He has over 2,000 plates.
  He has 2,000.
  And he said he'd love to move the whole lot.
  I also found.
  So you wanna buy the whole lot.
  Well, I'm just considering it.
  I've bought one so far.
  And I'm pretty stingy with my fun money.
  So six grand.
  Now another.
  You could buy all of it for like five grand?  I mean.
  So one month of the Patreon  goes to buying 2,000 Marvel Mania plates?  I only found one of these.
  This is a bar mixing glass that says Marvel Media.
  I like that.
  I mean, that looks also cheap as well.
  But I like how it's got a little sippy.
  This didn't cost that much,  but the shipping was like 10 bucks.
  Because it's very oddly shaped.
  It's got like, yeah, it's like a beer glass.
  But then it has a little sippy,  as if you were a little baby.
  Yeah, I can't tell if this is an official  from the back of the bar or from the shop.
  Yeah, I mean, I don't know who would drink  a beer out of this weird tall glass.
  No, I think it's mixing.
  It's got the measurements.
  It's a mixing glass.
  Oh, I see.
  That makes a lot more sense.
  So it's got the measurements on the side.
  I thought you were gonna just drink out of this  like a baby, but I see what you're saying.
  It's easier to pour that way.
  Got it.
  So potentially we have the inventory  for 2,000 plates and one mixing glass.
  To start a restaurant.
  Where is the restaurant?  Is it happening in my apartment?  Like, what do you, is this a pop-up?  You know, I don't know.
  Is this like the Save by the Bell pop-up restaurant?  We gotta start looking at real estate.
  I mean, this episode is essentially the proof of concept.
  Because you said you have some concepts.
  I have some concepts, sure, but I don't know.
  I've got some very specific menu items.
  Can we talk to the person,  the people who did the Save by the Bell pop-up?  Is that still going on?  I don't know the answer to that.
  They were hoping it was gonna go forever.
  There was also like a fake Johnny Rockets pop-up  called like Rami Jockets.
  What was that for?  It was on, like there was one of the original ones  on Melrose that Johnny Rockets closed,  and then someone did like a parody of Johnny Rockets.
  But it wasn't like Nathan for you or something?  I don't think it was, no.
  It wasn't dumb Starbucks.
  Was it Johnny Rockets Enthusiast?  It seemed like it, if you're committed to that.
  I thought you were the only one.
  I mean, I love, you know I love those wet hamburgers.
  Those wet.
  The wettest hamburgers.
  The wettest hamburgers.
  Yeah, okay, so, all right, we'll find a place, I guess.
  I mean, look, fine, we'll do it.
  We'll remake Marvel Mania.
  I mean, we'll talk it out.
  We'll see at the end of the episode.
  Maybe it's not feasible.
  Okay, I think it's, it'll be feasible.
  But I put a lot, you know, I spent some time thinking,  thinking on this, and yeah.
  This just sounds like, there'll be times  when we suggest doing, I don't know,  maybe a longer episode or a topic.
  One time Scott suggested that we record an episode  at City Walk and you lost your mind.
  So this undertaking.
  Well, I don't like getting in trouble.
  Well, we wouldn't have gotten into serious trouble.
  But I do like flights of fancy.
  All right, well, I'm just saying,  the restaurant business seems like it might be tougher  than recording a podcast outside of shopping malls.
  Well, we don't know which of our listeners  may have opened or closed restaurants before.
  You know, you never know.
  How many of you Patreon listeners  have opened or closed a restaurant?  I like, just a message, tweet at us,  say it in the comments on the Patreon episode.
  Have you opened or closed a restaurant?  And we're not saying like you closed one down  like you were there when it closed.
  You, at least we're managing the restaurant,  if not, all right, owning it.
  Hopefully owning it.
  Where you at, where you,  take you out of the Bennegan franchise.
  Yes.
  If we have any just like insanely rich listeners also,  like that wanna like bankroll something stupid  for podcasts, the right to do, let us know.
  Yeah.
  Like, do you have enough money?  Are you somebody who like has Dubai level,  like Dubai Prince level money?  And like, maybe we just like do our own park.
  Yeah.
  Like let us know that too.
  Maybe, cause maybe somebody's got a ton of money  and capital, but they just don't wanna do a restaurant.
  They wanna do a full theme park.
  Sure.
  And then we'll get the rights to Marvel McFay.
  Oh, it's all Marvel.
  It's all Marvel's.
  We could have both Captain Marvel's  and then we could have Shazam and Marvel's.
  Half a dozen Captain Marvel's.
  There'll be all the Captain Marvel's.
  Yeah.
  And then it's gonna be hard to get that.
  So it's just, you know what, nevermind.
  It's just Marvel McFay again.
  And it's all Marvel McFay rides.
  Great.
  So, but so anyway, yeah, let us know if you're rich.
  And in the parking lot, Marvel Mania 2.
  Yeah, but it's Marvel Mania 2,  but it's about Marvel McFay.
  So the restaurant is separate.
  That way, yeah.
  The thing you're pitching now, separate entirely.
  Okay.
  Marvel Mania 2 at the Marvel McFay theme park  bankrolled by one of the podcasts,  the ride Patreon listeners.
  That's just about Marvel McFay.
  It's called Marvel Mania 2.
  Oh, okay, perfect.
  Okay, so is that clear?  Yeah, that's clear to me.
  Okay, because I can repeat it.
  That's clear to me.
  Okay, got it, all right.
  Okay, great.
  So let's get into it.
  So I'm gonna do movie stuff last.
  You know, I feel like movie stuff,  you'd probably think it was gonna come first,  but here's a big problem I had  with the original Marvel Mania menu.
  Little vague, a little generic in terms of.
  Well, let's go, yeah, let's go over a little bit  just in case the listener didn't listen  to the City Walk episode.
  Whatever reason, they may not have wanted  to listen to all 19 parts, which is crazy.
  I know that's probably a 1% tile  of people who didn't listen, but they're.
  Look, just to give you like kind of a hint,  let me, I'm finding these right here.
  The original, okay.
  So like you would get Wolverine's Grilled Cheese Sandwich,  a triple decker grilled cheese sandwich  on white bread with American cheese,  served with fantastic fries and applesauce.
  It's great any way you slice it.
  You could get the Defenders Tenders,  Chicken Fritters served with fries and applesauce.
  The Defenders, of course, Silver Surfer,  Doctor Strange, Hulk, and Namor.
  You could get the Uncanny X Pasta, X-Men Pasta,  with, I like how they say X, I assume it was an X,  that's what they mean by that.
  Oh, maybe, this is of course  the kids menu you're rating.
  Well, it's still the menu.
  Yeah, yeah, that's true.
  X-Men Pasta with a tomato meat sauce  or butter and Parmesan cheese served with pizza bread.
  Cap's Battle Burger, the Dare Dog,  which of course would have been your favorite.
  All beef hot dogs served with fries and applesauce.
  Yeah, I was a 13 year old with very specific opinions  on Frank Miller's Daredevil work.
  What would you, I guess you wouldn't have ordered  for the kids menu, but what would you have ordered  from this, do you think?  If you were the champions.
 From these options?  The Champions Cheese Pizza,  the Mighty Mutant Macaroni and Cheese,  one of the supersonic shakes perhaps?  Well, I think I would have definitely gone  with a supersonic shake.
  Yeah.
  I was pretty into ordering from adult menus pretty early on.
  Yeah, I was cool like that too.
  Yeah.
  Maybe would have tried something a little spicy.
  One of the menu options, of course, that are spicy,  have the Human Torch next to them.
  Yes, right.
  Maybe I would have had a Stanwiches,  one of the Stanwiches or a superhero,  I mean, but it's superhero burgers,  like Captain America Burger, pretty vague.
  Two Gun Kid Cheeseburger.
  That's actually pretty specific.
  One of my complaints was that it was too vague,  but yeah, the Two Gun Kid is,  that's the level of specificity I want,  but then the Iron Man Burger.
  Well, like Calypso has, Calypso is an X-Men character.
  The Calypso Linguini?  The Calypso Linguini.
  Calypso is a very obscure character.
  That's like the number 400th  on the most recognizable X-Men.
  Maybe 300, 200?  She was in the cartoon,  the Morlocks show up in the cartoon.
  A lot of people were in the cartoon though.
  But Calypso has Linguini, which is wild,  like good for them for that,  because the other one is fantastic for cheese pasta.
  Why not the Ben Grimm, the Thing cheese pasta?  Yeah.
  There must have been a Calypso fan  who made this menu, is what I'm saying.
  I mean, it should have been like  the Things Aunt Petunia's cheese pasta.
  I want that level of specificity.
  And I mentioned the Stan Witches.
  Of course a nod to Marvel's great Stan Lee,  the late Stan Lee, but I want more of that.
  I want more nods to Marvel talent.
  So to start us off, I've made a-  So this is your, now you're gonna give us  some of your ideas for this new Marvel Mania,  is what you're saying, okay.
  So I've made some drinks  named after multiple editors in chief of Marvel Comics.
  Of the comics, so these are people  that worked on the editorial side.
  They weren't even like the creatives.
  They didn't write or anything.
  They just made sure there were no spelling errors  in the Marvel Comics, and you wanna honor them.
  I wanna honor them.
  Some of them did write, like Jim Shooter,  the great Jim Shooter.
  So obviously you want a little page of the drinks menu  to be Jim's Shooters.
  Little shots, little fun.
  Maniac editor Jim Shooter, who was like a wild man.
  Yeah, I don't know if he's a mania, but like a wild man.
  I think that's right.
  I'm probably more known as an editor,  the first editor of Valiant, the Valiant 90s comics.
  So you wanna honor him with some shots.
  And his big work at Marvel, of course, was Secret Wars.
  Secret Wars one and two.
  So like you'd have the Beyonder,  which is pineapple vodka, mango rum,  and a little creme de coco float on top  that will make the whole thing white.
  Like the Beyonder, of course a man  who wears an all white suit.
  Kind of an all powerful god character.
  So you made up the Beyonder too,  that's not from the menu?  Yeah, no, I made that up.
  Okay, because that sounds good.
  The Beyonder, I remember,  there's a card game called Overpower  that was like Magic the Gathering.
  I'm sure we've talked about it before,  where you'd get characters.
  And then I think the Beyonder was like all infinite symbols.
  Yeah, the Beyonder is very powerful.
  And then, but the Secret Wars shot,  that's what you wanna drink if you're gonna get fucked up.
  This is like a Long Island iced tea in a shot.
  It's a double shot vodka, tequila, rum, gin,  triple sec, sour mix, and a little coke on top.
  Hmm, you really put a lot of thought into this.
  I did, I did.
  We kept pushing back when we were going to do this  because I really wanted to work on this.
  Because I was like, what's interesting is like  when we talk about these segments,  I will be like, oh yeah, you gotta come up  with like a funny thing, whatever.
  You just like tried to think of a good menu.
  Yeah, I've got more, so.
  Go ahead, I mean, this seems like it's an earnest pitch.
  This seems like we're on a restaurant version of Shark Tank  and you're really trying to impress people  with like what would actually taste good.
  So I'm impressed.
  So Jim's Shooter, so that's its own little thing.
  Right.
 Because he's got a fun name.
  The rest of the Editor-in-Chiefs  and the history of Marvel's editors-in-chiefs,  God, it's such a weird plural.
  It's editors-in-chief is the plural,  is kind of odd.
  Like there's been a number of them,  but then for a brief time in the 80s,  there was just a handful of executive editors.
  So there was like three head editors at once.
  So I didn't go down that whole rabbit hole.
  So to simplify this,  this menu is all different variations  of the classic Moscow mule.
  So the Tom DeFalco is the classic vodka in ginger beer.
  The Bob Harris is a variant gin in ginger beer.
  Joe Cassada is mezcal in ginger beer.
  Axel Alonso is tequila in ginger beer.
  And then current Marvel Editor-in-Chief,  and C.
B.
 Sapolsky is bourbon in ginger beer.
  But there's a secret menu option,  and that's if you order the Akira Yoshida.
  That's the same drink,  but it's Suntory Japanese whiskey instead of bourbon.
  Because C.
B.
 Sapolsky famously invented a persona  named Akira Yoshida to write Marvel comics  in the early 2000s while he was an editor,  because they had a policy  where editors could not also be writers.
  So he pulled an amazing grift,  and it's only fitting that in the era  of our con man president,  the editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics is a con artist  who made up a man.
  Okay, yeah, so let's take a second.
  Okay, I think the listeners now have heard  all the editors-in-chiefs of Marvel's names,  and now are being, this is real, by the way.
  This is not a bit.
 This is real,  and it's not talked about enough.
  It's very funny.
 Yes.
  The current editor-in-chief of Marvel  basically created a fake Asian character  to write under.
 Yes, to write.
  And to write Wolverine stories set in Japan.
  Right, so there was not only was the character  not the same race of the actual person,  he was using it to have authenticity  when he was writing samurai stories.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, that's insane.
  That is a funny, weird, crazy story.
 Perfect for our modern era.
  That does, yeah, make a lot of sense now  in the context of 2018 and 19.
  Yeah, and this isn't even touching  on C.
B.
 Sapolsky's autobiocomics,  where it's mostly about him being a young man  and being very horny.
  Do you know about these? I don't know anything  about the C.
B.
 Sapolsky's horny comics.
  I forget what they were called.
  They were put out by Image,  and young man is horny is an alt-comics genre.
  What other famous horny comics?  Jeffrey Brown, Joe Matt, Robert Crumb.
  There's a weird sexuality  through a lot of Daniel Clouse's work.
  But most of those people write and draw their own stuff.
  C.
B.
 Sapolsky is not an artist.
  So he had to get other people to draw the horny comics.
  Sure, but they got paid to draw his horny comics.
  Yeah, they did get paid.
  Well, that's good.
 Yeah.
  Were they upset about it? I'm not saying it's bad.
  I just think it's very funny.
  That the editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics  is a very good talent scout.
  He's a good talent scout.
  People like him as an editor.
  But that he pulled this grift of Akira Yoshida,  and that also was like in his spare time,  was like writing horny comics.
  I don't know, look, I can't judge his horny comics  until I've seen them.
  Yeah.
 Have you seen them?  I've seen bits and pieces of them.
  We'll do a Patreon episode about his horny comics later.
  When Scott goes to Japan again in like a couple years,  are you looking up his horny comics right now?  Yeah.
  Well, I'm glad.
  I like that your pitch for the restaurant,  you started with stuff named after the editors-in-chief.
  Named after the editors, because here's the thing.
  So you're gonna get to the part where you name things  after Richard Starkings, the guy who would letter  all the comics? The letterer?  I mean, letterers and colorists are kind of like the-  Unsung heroes.
 Unsung heroes.
  Especially the colorists.
  What was the colorist who did a lot of those X-Men  when we were kids?  You know what I'm talking about?  I can't think of the name.
 Yeah, I can't remember.
  It was like a one word name maybe.
  Who colored like my favorite comic artist,  Joe Madarrera's X-Men?  Famous colorists, do-do-do colorists, uncanny X-Men.
  This is interesting for the audience to-  Was it a guy or a studio?  It might've been a studio.
  While you look that up, I have some other people  I think we need to give nods to.
  These are food entrees.
  Again, a guy who I knew about as I was starting  to become more aware of people behind the scenes  at Marvel Comics.
  This dish is called the Bill James.
  Bill James, famously the head of Marvel Comics,  helped pull them out of bankruptcy with Joe Cassata.
  This is a massive plate of barbecue.
  Just an upsetting amount of food.
  What is your rationale for having a barbecue dish with him?  Okay, there's a reason.
  It starts very strong, it's very good.
  By the end of it, you are exhausted.
  Again, this is upsetting because he famously,  by the end of his tenure at Marvel,  everyone was like, well, I've had enough.
  Right, right, right.
  He was a very good huckster, he was a very good pitch man,  very good personality huckster.
  Too much though.
  Too much though.
  So you'll have to literally stop the waitress  from bringing over more food.
  Yeah, and they'll keep it calm.
  Oh, too much.
  Please, too much.
  But then I, of course, want to nod to Stanley as well.
  I don't think Stanwiches were enough.
  Because that is, on the original menu,  there was a section called Stanwiches.
  Yeah.
  And you would have multiple different Stanwiches.
  That's real.
  It's gonna be hard for the listener, I think,  to differentiate between these bits and the real stuff  because they're interchangeable  as much as it's absurd for the editors.
  Anyway, so I just want to make sure they know  because I don't want them to be incorrect.
  Because then they're gonna go repeating something.
  They're gonna be like, well, did you know  there was a Bill James barbecue?  And somebody's gonna go, no, that's wrong.
  But they'll think, I wanted them to be sure  when they go out in the world  with all this amazing information.
  I'll make sure to sign my work.
  So all of the drinks so far have been me.
  The Bill James is mine.
  So this, I'm calling this Stan's fave.
  So I was like, I should find out  what Stanley's favorite food is.
  And it should be on the menu.
  Is it like Walt Disney's favorite?  Is it like chili or something?  Or is it like diet custard?  Well, let me answer.
  I went looking and I found an article  about like a summary of a Reddit AMA he did.
  And someone asked him what his favorite food was.
  And his response was,  I'm not really good at picking favorites.
  I like Italian if it has a good thick sauce,  dot, dot, dot, and Chinese.
  So Stan's fave is a big bowl of lo mein  covered in a good thick marinara sauce.
  A real tribute to Stan, getting his two faves in there.
  Well, that's nice.
  Yeah, I mean, it also sounds like  those aren't really his fave.
  He just kind of had to answer, so he answered.
  But I like the tribute.
  Yeah.
  That's nice to tribute to him.
  Did you look up like Kirby  or Steve Ditko's favorite food?  No, I've sort of like, I kind of forgot about that.
  Much like Marvel's legacy kind of undersells them.
  Yeah, we didn't really hear about him growing up, you know?  We just heard about Stan the Man.
  Stan the Man, yeah.
  Okay, so you've honored now, you've honored him.
  Bill James.
 Bill James.
  Stan.
 And a handful of editors.
  Not Jack or Steve.
  Jack obviously like the main guy.
  The whole thing doesn't happen without Jack Kirby.
  Well, I feel like, I mean, Ditko's kind of an enigma.
  So I really don't know what he ate.
  Kirby, I feel like, was probably sustenance eating.
  Kirby I could see being a big diet custard guy.
  Probably.
 From the war, you know,  hard tack, he probably still loved hard tack.
  Yeah, yeah, he was always chomping on a big cigar.
  What's the meat you revealed to us on podcast  or that you liked that we were shocked by?  Scrapple? Scrapple.
  Oh, I mean, that's just kind of.
.
.
  Jack Kirby had to have been a big scrapple guy.
  Probably a big scrapple guy.
  Your diet in World War II veterans,  probably very similar growing up is what I'm assuming.
  Well, maybe that's.
.
.
  I'll say that, okay, that's Jack.
  That's Jack.
 Scrapple.
  Scrapple.
 Plate of scrapple.
  Eggs, however you want it.
  And like really well done toast.
  Yeah, like a little burned.
  A little burned.
  So that's available all day.
  Okay, so have you honored any more?  Do you want to honor just maybe some of the like,  just like janitorial staff at Marvel or anything too  before you're out of that section  or are we stopping at the editors?  I mean, that's all I had.
  I have different sections.
  Okay, that's that one section.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
  How many sections do you have?  Oh my God.
  I've got six more.
  Six more?  Yeah, we can go fast.
  My ideas, my, honestly, like, I was just like,  I don't know, an onslaught breakfast,  it's four eggs, four bacon, four sausage, four pancakes,  hash browns, also roasted potatoes,  four slices of toast.
  You know, it's an onslaught, it's a lot.
  So there you go.
  I like that a lot.
  That's my pitch on onslaught.
  Yeah, that's certainly a lot.
  Anyway, back to one of your,  pick one of your segments, sections.
  Let's talk about like very now foods,  kind of fashionable foods because again,  the Marvel medium menu, it's late 90s, early 2000s.
  It's a lot of like TGI Fridays kind of crap,  but tastes have changed since then.
  So how about Man Things avocado toast?  Wait, wait, okay.
  So Man Thing is kind of just to fill in people  because they might not know all of the things  we're throwing on.
  Man Thing is basically Swamp Thing.
  Yeah.
  He's a rip off of Swamp Thing.
  Yeah.
  He's just like a monster, a swamp monster.
  Yeah, swamp elemental.
  So why does he have avocado toast?  Just because he's, avocado is grown in the swamp.
  He's a green creature, he's an earthy creature.
  But wouldn't that be more of like a kale or like,  avocado is like kind of a fruit.
  Well, there is, avocado toast often has like some arugula  or some radishes on top.
  But like an arugula mix makes a lot more sense for me  for Man Thing.
  I just think you missed the mark here.
  Your editor thinks perfect.
  I'm just saying the Man Thing,  just you want something a little grittier,  a little less flavorful, honestly.
  I mean, we're gonna have to keep moving  or we're gonna need to put in a new memory card.
  Namor's Poke Bowl.
  Oh, that's perfect, obviously.
  Namor's Poke Bowl.
  Namor of course, Submariner, he's like,  he was like the original superhero of Marvel,  like Aquaman, but he's a bigger dick.
  Yes, and that's why the waiter has to read-  He's a bigger dick, does not have one.
  I don't know about that.
  Anyway, continue.
  That's why the waiter has to read a very pompous declaration  while he serves it to you,  about surface dwellers destroying the sea  and he'll get his vengeance.
  But then you have to eat fish after somebody's like,  admonished you for eating fish and destroying the sea?  Before and after.
  So like, he gives you, when the waiter drops it off,  he yells at you and when the waiter  takes your empty bowl away, he also scolds you.
  Okay, great.
  So it's like Ed DeBevix or, you know,  one of those fun restaurants where you get yelled at.
  Yeah.
  Okay, that's good.
  I'm into that, all right, keep going.
  Some new, well, this one's a new character,  or not that new, but more popular in recent years.
  Squirrel Girls Almond Milk Latte.
  Great, makes perfect sense.
  Squirrels Love Nuts.
  And then another thing, you know, chicken and waffles,  I feel like is on a lot of menus now at a lot of places.
  This is a variant of that.
  It's Aunt May's Wheat Cakes, served with fried chicken.
  I am assuming Uncle Ben's famous recipe for fried chicken  probably learned how to cook it in the war.
  Is we, that's a canon food, is it not?  That is canon.
  She was constantly serving Peter Parker wheat cakes.
  See, that's what I like.
  I like having the food that the people,  the characters have.
  Like I want to have the tea Earl Grey hot,  like Picard on a Star Trek in a hotel.
  Like I want that, so that's good, I like that a lot.
  Great, let's jump to the 90s style gym menu.
  Because here's my theory with Marvel.
  Like yeah, we're gonna, people are gonna  burn out on Marvel movies eventually.
  They're already a little cool on Star Wars right now.
  People love Star Wars, but like it was a lot too fast.
  So you gotta reach out to people like me and Mike,  the older millennials with a little disposable income  for entertainment.
  And let's give some of that 90s flair, baby.
  So this is my tribute to some of the newer X-Men created  in the mid to late 90s.
  This is good, I like where this is headed.
  Marrow's Marrow.
  Okay, so.
  Yeah.
  Oh sorry, so I assume it's bone marrow.
  It's bone marrow, it's bone marrow served with  grilled bread and sea salt.
  Traditional serving of bone marrow.
  So let me fill in here.
  So Marrow is a character who is a morlock who could,  her power was that she could pull her own bones  out of her body.
  Well extra bones.
  Yeah, but she would like grow them.
  Yeah, she would grow them and they would usually  be in the shape of daggers or swords.
  Yeah, so she then would like stab you with her bones.
  She would pull a bone out of her leg and then stab you  with her leg bone, her extra leg bone.
  I didn't hate, people hated Marrow.
  I don't hate Marrow.
  One time she stabbed Wolverine right through the throat.
  That's like the most iconic Marrow image I can think of.
  So that makes a lot of sense.
  All right, next one.
  She joined the X-Men with a few other characters.
  Like Maggot.
  Yes.
  Famously beloved.
  I have talked a little bit about on Screen Junkies,  I think it was at a Comic Con, I talked about Maggot.
  And Maggot was created by Joe Matarera,  who was my favorite artist growing up as a kid.
  And Maggot had two maggots that were his digestive system.
  He had two metal maggots that would come out of his body  and eat anything and that was his power.
  Well, he would throw it at people and they would eat it.
  And then later on they revealed,  yeah, it was his digestive system.
  So it was like a, so we couldn't eat food.
  The maggots had to eat for.
  The maggots had to eat for him.
  He would throw metal maggots at you.
  They would eat you or something else.
  And then he would get nutrients from that.
  Yeah, and was kind of introduced as like a character  with a cool design and a mysterious backstory.
  Yes.
  And then eventually turned on a dime  to be a very tragic figure who couldn't eat food.
  Yeah, that part, that bums me out.
  I loved Maggot when he debuted.
  I did too.
  I was way into Maggot and I didn't understand  people hating on him and I still don't.
  Cause the guy throwing metal maggots at you  that are his intestines essentially, cool.
  Yeah, and who else did they debut around the same time?  Dr.
 Celia Rise.
  Now, yes, these are all in the same era.
  Yeah, all around the same like 96, 97 Marvel era.
  And you will have to refresh me.
  What is her power again?  So her power is she kind of has like  a protective force field around her.
  And she was always really put out to use it.
  Like she was.
 She was very boring.
  Am I wrong?  She was a very reticent to join the X-Men.
  Yeah, so what?  She was a doctor.
  She was like a trained doctor.
  I did not connect with her at all.
  I liked Mero, I liked Maggot.
  Dr.
 Cecilia Rise, not as interested in.
  So, and I don't know how big of a hit this is gonna be.
  She, her, the Dr.
 Cecilia Rise's heart healthy stir fry.
  Shield your heart with the Dr.
 Cecilia Rise's  heart healthy stir fry.
  We need something for people a little more dietary conscious.
  I get you.
  I'm just like, it's not my favorite character.
  So I'm not gonna order it.
  Cause I like to order stuff that my favorites would want.
  And then finally the Dark Hawk.
  Who was Dark Hawk again?  Dark Hawk was a character who was powered by like a crystal.
  He had like a big suit of armor and a claw  that he would shoot on a rope.
  It was a very early 90s attempt to do like an extreme  image kind of guy.
  Oh yeah, I'm looking at this.
  I think there was a nightmare dimension involved.
  This dish though is a quail pan seared with its juices.
  Wild rice and roasted carrots.
  Quail, have you ever had quail before?  I think I have.
  I think I've had some game birds before.
  Wow, I don't think I've ever had quail.
  That's crazy to me.
  I don't know why that might be ignorant.
  Yeah, Dark Hawk, pretty generic is my memory of this.
  Yeah, kind of a generic, a kind of a Dark Hawk quasar,  kind of easy dollar bin finds when I was reading comics.
  So was this the end of section two?  Yeah.
  So section three is sort of more obscure characters  in line with the Calypso linguine.
  You've got the Howard the Duck, A la Ronge.
  All right, that's great.
  Everyone knows Howard.
  They love him.
  Yeah, great.
  Very fair comment.
  Keep him coming.
  D-Man's Pork and Beans.
  All right, so D-Man.
  So D-Man is famously summed up as the homeless superhero.
  D-Man is like, it seems problematic now that I say  I hear that said out loud,  because I believe the joke in that Kurt Busick Avengers  is like D-Man smells.
  Well, and his costume is like an old Daredevil costume  he found in a garbage can.
  Yeah, like that part is funny,  but the implication that he's homeless is kind of a bummer.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And now that I'm thinking about it, I was like,  I don't know, maybe that's not so funny.
  Maybe that's not such a.
  His dish is a Pork and Beans served in an old boot.
  Yes.
  Not funny.
  So a little more whimsical.
  I went a little more whimsical.
  That's fine.
  I think that's, you would order that.
  Oh yeah, sure.
  Well, I want that souvenir old boot.
  Souvenir old boot, the D-Man boot.
  I don't want to forget desserts.
  So on the dessert menu,  you can order the Paste Pot Pete Pudding Parfait.
  Paste Pot Pete, I believe mostly a Fantastic Four villain.
  He was a big paste pot man  who shot paste out of a paste gun.
  So he was like a glue, he would shoot glue.
  He was glue-thieved.
  He was a glue bad guy.
  That is real also.
  That is not made up.
  And then again, another more, a newer character  because introduced in the last few years,  Ms.
 Marvel's doll, D-H-A-L,  a Pakistani dish of lentils often served with rice or naan.
  What character is this?  Ms.
 Marvel, Kamala Khan.
  Oh, I thought you said Ms.
 Marvel's doll.
  Like she had a doll that she carried around.
  Oh no, I can see, yes, that could be confusing.
  Yes, I know the new Ms.
 Marvel.
  So this is a tribute to Kamala Khan.
  I believe a huge hit digitally  and in collections, the Ms.
 Marvel.
  That's great, I actually have never read it.
  Yeah, so that's the end of the sort of  more obscure character section.
  Okay.
  Add-ons, you know.
  So this is like an.
  So this is like add-ons to your meal.
  Okay, so like sides, you could also call it, right?  Well, sort of preparation additions, like bacon.
  You add, most restaurants like add bacon.
  So like avocado also is something.
  Okay, and sauces like this.
  So this is when I go to Taco Bell  and I'm choosing on the app because I love the app.
  All that stuff, different sauces and stuff and all that.
  But for today's dining experience,  you've chosen to make Marvel yours.
  So you don't say, can I add bacon to that burger?  Can I add bacon to that thing?  You say guest starring Wolverine.
  Because Wolverine could show up at anything,  just like you could add bacon to anything.
  So if you want bacon, you say guest starring Wolverine.
  Yeah, and the bacon has a little maple glaze  as a nod to his Canadian heritage.
  So then you would say, so I would say,  I want the Calypso linguine, guest starring Wolverine.
  Guest starring Wolverine, yeah.
  And you would say, now, would it be so rigid  that the waiter or waitress would not acknowledge it  if you said just put some bacon on it?  I think you should.
  You think you should stick?  I think you should.
  Can you imagine dads across America,  if this was obviously a franchise,  when it would be like, I just want some goddamn bacon.
  And it's like, well, here's,  let me show you what you're supposed to say.
  And then it's like, guest starring Wolverine.
  The Captain America burger, guest starring Wolverine.
  I think you're fooling yourself.
  That's a blue sky idea that would go away  after a week of operation.
  Okay, well, at least it can be on the menu.
  It can be on the menu, you say it,  but it's gonna be like Andy's coming or something,  something that people like, but it goes away  because it just doesn't make sense.
  Well, if it survives as an urban legend, that's fine.
  And then for a minor upcharge,  you can have any steak, fish, or chicken entree  cooked on an oak plank that looks like Groot.
  That's just a- Oh my God, wait a minute.
  Yeah.
  You're cooking meal on Groot?  On Groot, yeah.
  That's horrifying.
  But you add an extra layer of flavor  if you cook stuff on wood.
  Or on a person or on a character.
  Yeah, but I mean, he's sacrificing himself for flavor.
  In the narrative of this,  is he alive while he's being cooked on?  Or is he going like, help me while it's happening?  No, I think he's being helpful.
  He's dead.
  Well- Oh no, he's not dead.
  He's alive, but he's loving it.
  I don't know, I didn't really consider this.
  I think he's loving it.
  So he is like 400 degrees.
  He's loving it because he's making you happy  with your food.
  Yeah.
  Okay, so he's saying, I am Groot.
  He's being helpful.
  I am Groot, but he's like, I am Groot.
  He's not going, I'm Groot.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  I may say that's a bad idea, but I'll allow it.
  Again, Blue Sky, first week, we'll see  if any kid is horrified by it.
  Adivine, it's not essential.
  Let's talk about TV and movie inspired dishes.
  I mean, the first one's a given, an Avenger's Swarma.
  Swarma.
  Swarma, excuse me.
  That's given though, right?  They talk about Swarma in the first movie.
  Yes, I mean, that has to happen.
  It was a joke in the first movie  because it's a funny sounding word  and they're in New York where there's a lot of Swarma places.
  And the callback that they shot after the premiere famously.
  They shot after the, yeah.
  Chris Evans in that scene is holding his hand over his face  because he's got a big beard.
  Does he have a beard, yeah.
  Yeah, he's shooting another movie.
  Maybe Snowpiercer?  Maybe.
  Yeah, good movie, Snowpiercer.
  Yeah.
  Anyway.
  Jessica Jones, another character invented  after the Marvel Mania restaurant closed.
  We're right around.
  I'm not sure the timing on that.
  Jessica Jones, but a very popular Netflix streaming show.
  The Jessica Jones is a slice of cold pizza,  a cup of black coffee with bourbon in it and a cigarette.
  So there'll be one, you can order a cigarette.
  Can you get an a la carte cigarette at Marvel Mania?  Or does it just have to come with this Jessica Jones meal?  Hmm, that's a good question.
  Is that an additional add-on that you buy a Lucy cigarette?  Oh, it's an e-cigarette.
  No, Lucy is what you call a single cigarette.
  Oh, I thought you said a loose e-cigarette.
  Oh, a loose e-cigarette.
  So Lucy, I actually don't know that term though.
  Oh, Lucy, you go to the bodega to buy Lucy?  I've never heard of it.
  Buy single cigarettes, okay.
  So that just means it doesn't mean it's not a brand.
  No, no, it's just a loose cigarette.
  Is it named after Lucille Ball?  No, like L-O-O-S-E-Y.
  Oh, a Lucy.
  Like it's loose, yeah.
  With a Y, it's like Lucy Goosey.
  It's a lot of homonyms today.
  Really throwing us for a curve ball.
  Yeah, I know that.
  You call it a Lucy.
  Yeah.
  So okay, when I see a bathroom attendant,  I'll ask him for a Lucy.
  No.
  Hey buddy, can I get a Lucy?  Can I get a Lucy?  That sounds like he's gonna jerk you off.
  Well, that's not this restaurant.
  I don't smoke also.
  You're not getting that.
  Hey buddy, can I get a Lucy?  Legion, popular show on FX.
  Legion, yes.
  Legion, the son of Charles Xavier.
  Yes.
  Multiple personalities, kind of crazy superhero.
  Legion's crazy appetizer sampler.
  Potato skins, mozzarella sticks, chicken wings,  and a chocolate lava cake.
  The chocolate lava cake is the crazy part  because that's not an appetizer.
  That doesn't belong there.
  I think this is not crazy enough.
  If you've seen Legion,  he's constantly shifting back and forth  between times and realities.
  You need to go, I think you gotta push this farther.
  I think this has to be.
  Okay, good note, good note.
  I'm just saying let's have it be like pudding,  a piece of chocolate cake,  some beef jerky maybe.
  That's great.
  Yeah, maybe it's a whole production  and it comes out at different times.
  And then it's just vitamins,  just a bunch of B vitamins or something.
  They throw at you.
  They throw a handful.
  They throw at you, yeah, that's good too.
  And then, yeah, let's just say those four.
  And there's, so there's gotta be a full,  there's gotta be a full Deadpool sub menu, right?  Yeah, well there's gotta be a Deadpool room too, I think.
  There's certainly a Deadpool room.
  That's for the adults to have a party.
  Sure.
  To go in and get a Lucy.
  I mean.
  Deadpool, can I get a Lucy, buddy?  Yeah, that is okay.
  That's the smoking section.
  You can smoke in the Deadpool room.
  So if you order the Jessica Jones,  you can order it anywhere,  but you have to enjoy the cigarette outside  or in the Deadpool room.
  Of course, yeah.
  I guess I'll have chimichangas or some other crap.
  It's gotta be.
  I haven't really kept up with that.
  Okay, well.
  Or Deadpool.
  So that's it?  I mean, that's, is that it for the menus?  Yeah.
  Well, you know, this is a nicer pl.
.
.
  I think we should need to go to a nicer caliber restaurant  because, you know, one thing about these plates  that I've ordered, you wanna eat on a white plate.
  Like, unless it's like a special thing where you order,  you know, comes in a special dish,  I think this is a higher caliber restaurant.
  Overall, or there's a section of it?  Okay.
  And higher caliber restaurants,  like our beloved Tam O'Shanter,  they have different like wine nights or whiskey nights,  where people like, it's a special prefix menu  and they paired, each course is paired with something.
  So what do we do at Marvel Mania?  We do nights themed to the short-lived publishers  that as they were going under,  Marvel purchased the intellectual property of.
  So you have an ultra-verse night.
  You have a cross-gen night  where you get limited run items based on like Prime.
  This is the high-end stuff?  Is these publishers the one in the business?  This is short, limited time only, like one night only.
  This feels like this may be the most alienating episode  of the podcast we've ever done.
  Yeah, probably.
  People are like, cross-gen?  I don't know, is this a ride?  So yeah, these are all publishers.
  This is again, for real, publishers went out  and Marvel would just buy their intellectual property  because it was so dirt cheap.
  Yeah, and usually haven't really been reissued  in collections or ways you could get ahold of.
  I believe ultra-verse slash Malibu, as it was later called,  I think had creator profit sharing involved.
  So they reissued those.
  They'd have to pay the creators a lot more money  than usual royalties.
  Cross-gen, I think kind of work for hire  kind of creator involved.
  They've done some of the Mark Wade Ruse comic.
  They've done some more miniseries.
  But a little complicated with the rights issues.
  But for one night only, seems very special.
  It's very special for like two people.
  Yeah, well, I think you could come up  with more than two people.
  I mean, you set this in a major metropolitan area.
  There's a lot of comic stores in LA,  a lot in New York, a lot in Chicago.
  You can draw.
  My childhood comic store closed.
  So did mine.
  The last year.
  Mine was in a mall that got demolished.
  It's so tragic.
  Mine was just, I don't know,  it just, I think went out of business.
  It's sad though.
  Yeah.
  So that's my, I mean, that's my elevator pitch.
  That's my hour long elevator pitch.
  I will say here, most of my ideas are  like that onslaught breakfast, which are all great.
  There's a series that's coming out now on,  excuse me, Disney Plus called What If.
  Yeah.
  And I just think it would be fun  because What If is about imagining a universe  where stuff didn't happen like we thought it happened.
  Yeah.
  It's about the first episode of this new What If series  is gonna be like, what if Peggy Carter was Captain America  and Steve Rogers was in Peggy's role essentially, I think.
  So we're taking what we know  and we're turning it on its head.
  I think you could do a What If night at Marvel Mania  where things aren't exactly as they seem.
  So you maybe eat your dessert before dinner.
  Nice.
  You know what I'm saying?  What if a hamburger was on a hot dog bun?  Can you imagine what that would be like?  And what if you got a drink  and you poured it in your hands and not a cup?  I like that.
  I mean, we have a mixing glass.
  We can get a mixing glass.
  Well, no, we don't need the glass.
  This is What If.
  You're living in, you're now getting to experience a universe.
  Oh wait, so they're rolling over or bringing over like  whiskey, mixer, ice.
  What is your order?  You'll say, I want a Bishop, X-Man Bishop's whiskey please.
  They will go over to the bar.
  The bartender will mix it in his hands.
  He will cup his hands, give it to the waiter  into their hands, come over to you  and dump it in your hands  and you will sip from your own hands  because this is a What If universe.
  What if it was like that?  And now we're getting to experience it.
  Now we're getting to see what a different universe  would be like.
  I mean, Bishop is coming back from like a dystopian future  and he was kind of like beat up in age of apocalypse.
  There's no need to rationalize Bishop.
  No justification?  I'm just saying what if is the issue here.
  Yeah, no, that's right.
  I'm saying anyone's drink.
  I was trying to compliment you.
  No, no, no, I don't want to compliment.
  I don't eat a cat.
  I feel like you were skeptical of some of mine  and you're already leading with  what if people are pouring spirits into your cup.
  But mine is so much fun.
  That's the difference obviously.
  Okay, so what if you ate at chairs instead of a table?  Okay.
  So you're gonna sit,  everyone gets four tables to sit on  and then you have a chair in the middle  and you put all the food there.
  So you're getting to experience what if a universe existed  where you didn't eat at a table, you sat on a table.
  Okay?  This is again, this is different night.
  This is a different way to experience the Marvel universe.
  Because after you get this what if show,  people are gonna start speculating on different,  you know, multiverses and whatever.
  And the last one I have,  what if you were the waiter and not the customer?  That's great.
  So you come in and then all of a sudden  they put an apron on you and they give you a little book  and they go over there  and there's a bunch of waiters sitting down  and you go over to them and you take the waiter's orders.
  Yeah, I love that.
  I think you can even have like,  so many comic book characters got their powers  or abilities from an accident.
  If they like you step into the restaurant  and they're like, oh no.
  And there's like lights and sound effects.
  It's like, you're the waiter now.
  Yeah, you're the waiter.
  That's great.
  Cause here's the thing.
  Like we have a lot of lofty ideas,  but this is a restaurant and obviously  they're gonna only be able to run on a small budget probably.
  They're probably on a pizza riso budget.
  Let's be honest.
  So all of these are things you could do.
  I'm not saying we need to have like a crazy electrical storm.
  I'm not saying you need to like ever run anybody  dressed in elaborate costumes.
  These are practical and most importantly,  very fun ways to eat a meal.
  This is great.
  Cause I've got like blue sky stuff  that'll probably get simplified.
  You've got very practical pragmatic solutions.
  Yes.
  Also there'll be an age of apocalypse menu.
  That's the same exact menu,  but like it's like dressed up a different way.
  Is it dressed up or is it a little more fucked up?  It's also, the food's a day old.
  Oh, okay.
 That's great.
  So age of apocalypse, like food is like,  so it looks a little old.
  It looks a little weird.
  Yeah.
 Little, little hard worn.
  Yeah.
 Hard worn.
  Yeah.
 Cause that cause age of apocalypse was a crossover  in the nineties where Legion, right?  Yeah.
 Legion kills his father.
  Well, he accidentally, he goes back in time to kill Magneto.
  Yeah.
  But he, he, oh, whoops.
  I killed my own father.
  Because professor X being a hero jumped in front of like  the energy blast or the psychic sword or whatever.
  And because professor X wasn't there,  then the mutant villain apocalypse rose to power.
  And it was like a very crazy dystopian future.
  And then like, really the big difference was everyone had  like more cloaks.
  I feel like everyone was wearing cloaks.
  Everyone had a lot of cloaks and was a little sexier.
  Everyone was a little sexier.
  Cause it's dangerous.
 Gambit had his own team.
  Gambit had his own team.
  It was Gambit and the Externals.
  Yes.
 That was the name.
  I would love to do a Gambit and the Externals.
  They were trying to get the M.
 Kron crystal.
  Yes.
 They were doing a heist.
  Yes.
 The M.
 Kron crystal should be some sort of candy  as well somewhere.
  There should be like an M.
 Kron crystal or, or a drink  or yeah, like a shaped ice, like a shaped ice.
  Oh, shaped ice.
  Like at the Carthay.
  There should be an M.
 Kron crystal in like a drink.
  Yeah.
 So there should be a She-R.
  She-R is the alien race from X-Men.
  Yeah.
  And the M.
 Kron crystal is what?  The Phoenix? It ties into the Phoenix saga, right?  Ties into, yeah.
  It's kind of an all powerful non-sequitur,  like the ultimate nullifier or the infinity gauntlet.
  Yeah.
  You definitely need a drink called the ultimate nullifier.
  That's another thing that'll get you fucked up.
  Yeah.
 So there's going to be a lot of drinks  that'll get you real fucked up at this place.
  This Marvel mania, what's, here,  I'll make this point real quick.
  I don't think there will be anything this fun  at that new Marvel and in California adventure.
  No.
 And that, that, that is a thing we've talked about  before with like the Marvel movies,  like at their best, they're very fun,  but at their worst, they're a little stiff  or a little too, a little too conservative  in the Marvel they're throwing at you.
  Now I like with the introduction of magic  and the Kree and Skrull and all this stuff.
  Yeah, that stuff's all great.
  Getting a little more weird,  a little bit of that great Marvel character.
  I just mean, I'm not even saying anything about the movies.
  I'm just saying, and I know that supposedly  there's an Ant-Man microbrewery, which is fun.
  That's fun.
  So I have to give them credit for that.
  But just the look of everything in the new land,  I do feel like you're not going to get  fin, fang, fume, fruit fajitas,  which is a real item on this menu.
  Yes.
  That like, I want like that's insane.
  Blastar, who is a weird Marvel character  that I don't even remember.
  A fantastic four bad guy.
  His Blastar's ballistic Butterfinger bread pudding  is a real menu item on this old menu.
  Like I want to get insane and like get so niche and weird  with like stuff and menu items.
  But I think they're going to mostly pull from the movies.
  Well, that feels very like, I don't think it's a,  I think you can safely say that Butterfinger  was the candy bar of the nineties, right?  Bart Simpson sold it.
  It was extreme.
  It was very extreme.
  It gets stuck.
  I love Butterfinger.
  I don't need a lot of it though.
  No, absolutely not.
  And they just reintroduced it.
  The small ones are good.
  They say they have a new recipe now.
  I don't think it's as good.
  Will it not stick in your teeth?  What is the difference in the recipe?  It just tasted a little less artificial  and I think that's a bad.
  It didn't really taste peanut buttery.
  Why, what was it?  Did they just say new and improved taste?  It's like new formula or new recipe.
  Huh.
  I gotta try this now.
  This is like when they, well, at least they announced it.
  I guess it's like new Coke and stuff.
  Yeah.
  But so I don't know if we need,  we might be able to cut Blastar's bread pudding,  but like the original Marvel Mania,  we do need to sell full bottles of Dom Perignon.
  That is true.
  They did that.
  Dom is on the menu and this is a nice place.
  How much were they?  Is there a menu price on here?  Oh, I forget.
  You know, there were a couple generations  at least of the menus and that's what's.
  Oh, I have it here.
  I have a Don, oh, here we go.
  $140 a bottle at Marvel Mania.
  99 to that, pretty good.
  Pretty like a little bit.
  Yeah, about what a restaurant charge is.
  Were there any Marvel, like did they make Marvel wines?  Cause we're very excited about Star Wars land  because you can drink the wine that Padme drank  when she went to Black Spire Outpost.
  But was there like a special, I don't think,  I'm looking at the list here.
  It doesn't look like there was anything  from like Professor Xavier's Vineyard or anything.
  No, it was probably a lot of the same Robert Mondav.
  It was probably a lot of Robert Mondav.
  He also went through a bankruptcy in the 2000s.
  Who didn't?  Monstrous Martinis, the negative zone.
  These are all real again.
  Asgard, Savage Land.
  Oh man, it's just so crazy.
  It just feels, here's what I think I like about this  is that it does feel like at least the names,  if not the menu, were written by real nerds.
  Yes.
  Like at the very least maybe the nerds  gave them all the names.
  I think they came up with some big like simple ones  like the Captain America burger.
  I think they burned through those for a lot of items  and then they started going a little deeper.
  I want them even deeper.
  Yeah, I totally agree.
  Let's see, let's throw it out to the listeners.
  Listeners always have information.
  Do you know who wrote the Marvel Mania restaurant menu?  Yes.
  And would you know where to look for that?  Because we would like to bring whoever it is on  or the team, maybe it was a team of people,  and talk about it and then pitch them some more ideas.
  See what else, maybe what was on the cutting room floor?  Absolutely.
  Was X-Men's Richter, did he have ravioli for instance?  Did X-Man Forge have any dish that was left off the menu?  I could just go upstairs and get my X-Men cards  and we could just go through the list  but we're already going long on this one.
  I mean, I'm very satisfied.
  One thing I liked, the actual drink menu  in the one version of the Marvel Mania menu  looks like a letter page from 90s or 80s Marvel comics.
  Very fun.
  Very fun.
  We put some of this online but we'll put all of it on  if we haven't already.
  Yeah, the scans, there's a bunch of scans on the menu  but they're so scattered on Twitter and Pinterest  and Imgur.
  I am amazed no one has scanned definitively.
  Every now and then the one menu  because it is comic book shaped shows up  on like midtowncomics.
com or My Comic Shop.
  But then it's always out of stock.
  All right, well, are we good?  Yeah, I'm good, I feel great.
  All right, well folks, you have survived podcast  the ride Marvel Mania edition.
  We just wanna remind you that Marvel Mania 2  is our Marvel McFay restaurant  at this future Marvel McFay only park we're gonna make  and then Marvel Mania proper will be our new Marvel Mania  that's about Marvel comics.
  Yeah.
  Okay, so just keep that straight.
  Keep that straight.
  Follow us on all the social medias.
  You're already doing it if you're Patreon listeners.
  So yeah, just I guess Excelsior.
  Excelsior, hey, make Marvel mine.
  That was another thing that they would say.
  Yeah.
