 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains  drop-based accomplishments, electronic mail,  the start of a bitter feud with a theme park  award show organization, and a look at the dark arts  at Hogwarts Castle Show at Universal Studios.
  Expecto Patronum, it's podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, hosted by three guys  who now have all helped a certain raccoon break his friends  out of the world's most high-stakes gantry lift.
  Oh my god.
  I'm Scott Garner, the bravest guy, joined by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, who proved their bravery long ago,  but for me it's hot off the presses.
  I almost didn't.
 It's done.
  It's been done.
  I will keep wanting to interrupt you  because I'm so, so shocked.
  I just wanted to play it real smooth,  like nothing was going on.
  I, it just suddenly, it struck me and I did it.
  I'm talking about Guardians of the Galaxy mission breakout.
  Wow.
  See, you didn't, if you didn't know.
  We all know what happens now.
  We know about the hand scan.
  His hands don't scan.
  That hands don't scan.
  My hands don't scan.
  My hands do scan.
  I need to get the clearance so you guys can get up the lift  or whatever he says.
  If you know anything about biology,  you know that raccoon hands don't scan, famously.
  You learned that in school.
  My hands don't scan.
  I always like, he goes like up on that one, I feel like,  when he's doing that thing.
  Oh, my hands don't scan.
  They never do.
  Money and joy.
  My name's Rocket.
  You go right through.
  Well, when, when the fuck did you do this, Scott?  Um, I was at the park yesterday.
  I was wondering if this was the day  because I, if you heard the Tokyo episode,  I braved the Tower of Terror.
  I liked it so much I did it three times, all told.
  But still, Aaron had warned me,  Guardians more intense, definitely more intense.
  But I had a trick up my sleeve,  which was drinking a lot of wine.
  Oh, yeah.
  Which certainly helps to soften what was scary about it.
  All it took was two glasses of Chardonnay  and a red trolley ale.
  And suddenly I was blasting off with all my buds,  with Strongo and Blue Girl and all of them.
  That's not so much a trick, so much as a lifestyle.
  Hey, if it works.
  Yeah.
  Well, everyone, this is now, I think,  the third in my trilogy of bravery.
  In that now I have, you know,  Tony got me on Splash Mountain.
  I started doing Incredicoaster and then Tower of Terror.
  And I guess then relatedly, Guardians of the Galaxy,  this was sort of like the last one.
  So now X2 is the next.
  Yeah, yeah, now I'm prepped to go on, you know,  the 10th scariest Six Flags ride  and still be really fucked up from it.
  Scary by design and by like a 15-year-old running it.
  Oh, yes, true.
  I'm almost more scared of the ricketyness  of a lot of those rides than,  because at least these things are all scary but smooth.
  Boy, that was one thing.
  In Tokyo, doing Space Mountain  and having Space Mountain be like rickety again  was definitely upset.
  It's a more, it's tamer than other Space Mountains  and yet more upsetting because it's,  they haven't had the track redo.
  But anyway, it was, what I was getting at was that alcohol  was involved in all of these bravery situations.
  But you know, I needs my medicine, I guess.
  But you know, as I go forward,  I think I can get to where I only need like a beer and a half  to go on these scary rides.
  Work your way down, that's the way.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So you did it once.
  I did it the once.
  I got Burning Love was my sequence.
  Though I was yelling the whole time  and everyone was yelling the whole time.
  I feel like I barely heard the song  and there's a lot going on.
  But I kept my eyes open a lot more than I thought.
  I really thought the Tower of Terror was,  in Japan, was gonna be the gateway for me  because now I could like, if I was freaked out,  I recognize the space now.
  I know where the handles are.
  The view will seem familiar to me.
  So I looked, it all made sense.
  But definitely more intense, for sure more intense.
  I had been so afraid with my No Launch Queen history.
  I was afraid, like this is a drop ride  and a launch combined, worst case scenario.
  But that part really didn't bother me, actually.
  It still is drops are the big thing.
  And in this case, I think what ended up bugging me the most  is that you like, as opposed to,  Tower of Tokyo has like three drops, ultimately.
  And you do feel like you get like solid footing  here and there.
  Guardians, you're up and down and up and down.
  And they wobble you in between, too.
  Oh yes, even when you stop, that's a very good point.
  Even when you are stopped, quote unquote,  in the show scenes, you're never really at rest.
  And it worked out fine,  especially with the cloak of wine.
  Here's what I will say, going to bed last night,  I was a little like weird from it.
  Really?  Does this make any sense?  Does this sound familiar at all?  I feel as if, I was just thinking in my head is like,  if I had been in a centrifuge,  I would probably be having weird phantom feelings  later in the day.
  But I was having like weird nausea dizziness,  way late, way delayed, like at the end of the day.
  That's weird.
  Does it sound familiar at all?  No, I'm trying to think.
  I mean, if you're not used to it, I can kind of see that.
  That might be it.
  It's like sensations that are new to me.
  Also, do you think you're tense?  How tense are you on it?  I was probably pretty tense.
  I'm digging in on those handles for sure.
  I bet that's it.
  I bet that's sort of the feeling of like,  it's sticking with your body is when you're tense.
  Cause when you're in a car wreck,  they say you're not supposed to tense,  obviously how are you gonna ever figure that out?  Or know how to do that right in the moment.
  But I bet it's similar where like your body,  like since you were so tense,  it's like got the memory of it.
  And you're like reliving it a little bit.
  Well, and in my, like as with all of these things,  you know, Splash Madden freaked me out  because I was scared of the earnest special.
  Tower of Terror has freaked me out for a long time  because the one time I did it in 2005 was so crazy.
  It was like way too advanced for me thrill wise.
  And I totally freaked out.
  And I think I couldn't find the handles.
  And I was like clawing against the cage wall,  which is why still in both towers,  I went, Aaron was like, do you wanna go against the wall?  And I was like, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  So you don't want-  I'm scared of the wall I think from my first experience.
  I'm still like, yeah.
  So what's-  I have like, you know, like weird shattered memories  from that like-  Cause that seems comfortable to me if you're scared  is like the back corner wall sort of.
  I think, I really think, I think something happened  and I couldn't find the handle.
  And then I was like trying to find it later  and clawing against the wall  as if trying to get out of a cage.
  Doesn't that sound scary?  Can you see why I wouldn't have kept doing it?  Yeah.
  A caged animal trying to escape.
  That was me in 2005.
  But today, 2019, Mr.
 Triumph,  which is one of the names of one of the guardians, correct?  As far as I know.
 Mr.
 Triumph.
  That's, he's played by John Cena.
  Oh yes, that's what I thought.
  A mo-capped John Cena.
  And he's very small.
  He's like two feet tall.
  They mo-cap squish him, right?  I haven't seen the films so I'd-  Mr.
 Triumph.
  This is a billion dollar franchise  you're just giving away right now.
  I do have to say with guardians,  some of the seats you get the music better.
  Like some of the seats you hit the speakers better.
  Yeah, a lot.
  Cause yeah, in the back I think you don't hear it as well.
  Okay, that might be true.
  None of these times now have I been in the front row  I would like to be.
  Now you were saying that maybe the way to break me out of it  is just like ripping through three in a row.
  I think from the nausea,  which in a way I still feel right now as I record this,  I think three in a row would fuck me up.
  I think that's too much like gravity shift  for me or something.
  I guess, yeah.
  I think it was just sort of the,  cause being comfortable is the issue.
  I don't know, it depends if that would make you  comfortable or not.
  Cause yeah, I guess if you're having like  war flashbacks right now still too yesterday.
  That's the word I was searching for, yes.
  PTSD.
  It's PTSD.
  Did you, how soon after,  when did you eat?  I had a pretty hearty churro probably an hour before.
  Which by the way, another thing Tokyo Disney taught me,  churros with stuff on them, better than regular churros.
  We had this Nemo churro that was so good  and Erin got a birthday churro that's available right now.
  So much better than regular churro.
  I fucked up.
  It was like a sugar cookie combined with the churro.
  No more plain churros for me.
  I've learned my lesson.
  Well, that price, that price keeps going up, you know?  It is a ton of money for one stick.
  That is certainly true.
  You get the same amount of food at Taco Bell  and they're like cinnamon sticks for like 79 cents  or something for like $7 at Disney.
  At Universal, a butter beer with tax is up to like $8.
  They were like five when they debuted.
  I had nothing to compare it to.
  Hey, again, prices in Tokyo, pretty reasonable.
  And that yen conversion, I do miss that.
  But anyway, I'm doing it.
  I think it's in the rotation despite my,  I guess what still is my current PTSD.
  But.
  We'll obviously do a full review  after you're totally comfortable.
  But just overall from what you saw  through the very closed eyes,  what did you, just an overall impression.
  I watched a lot.
  I really did.
  I swear that I did.
  And the photo will attest to that.
  There's a photo.
  I need to download it.
  But yes, eyes open on the job.
  It was great.
  All the scenes are great.
  I have no idea what's going on.
  I haven't seen these movies.
  But it's very manic.
  But a lot of fun.
  Love the screens.
  They look good.
  It is such a bright, sharp kind of screen.
  That might be the best looking  current theme park screen, I would say.
  Maybe so.
  I can't compare.
  I don't know about the sort of supplemental screens  on Avatar.
  But it could be, those might be better.
  But yeah, boy, they really boomed through the room.
  I guess I prefer Tokyo and the idol and all that.
  But story-wise and scene-wise.
  But I like that they're different flavors.
  I don't know why, with everybody fighting to keep it,  Twilight Zone, and by fighting I mean complaining  and having no power to do anything about it.
  I really like that they're all different.
  That it's the same genre of ride  that now in two places is Twilight Zone.
  In one is this totally original story about a high tower  and one is a franchise.
  It's like how I really like that there's,  all the haunted mansions are a little different  and then there's Phantom Manor and then there's  Mystic Manor.
  Mystic Manor, yeah, yeah.
  So I don't know, they're just totally different flavors.
  I have no complaints.
  I'm not upset about plot holes in the ride.
  I feel fine.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  How do you feel about,  I mean I know you like the ride a lot.
  Do you feel similar compared to Twilight Zone?  Yeah, I mean I think especially with what we've said before  where it was like that was the weakest one  or one of the weakest ones of Tower of Terror.
  So yeah, this is much better.
  I think the ride itself is longer and is the most fun  of the actual physical sensation of dropping.
  I like that it's crazy and it goes up and down  and it's always different.
  I seriously am feeling it in my body.
  It's like I'm coming down from some trip  or some chase thing.
  It happened to me as a kid.
  If I went boogie boarding for a long time  then I'd be going to bed and I'd be feeling  like the phantom motion of the waves  way later in the day.
  I've had that on a boat.
  Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's similar to that, yes.
  Because you do go up and down  and when you're up and down in between the drops  it is a little bit like an ocean,  like a little bit of a, like you're on a boogie board  or like a, you're just sitting idly in a boat.
  You have no firm footing.
  This also combined with,  I'm still not that far out from my Tokyo trip.
  I've had Tokyo Disney dreams every single night  since I left.
  Wow.
  Just constant.
  Wow.
  Including that when I got home  I was so weird and jet lagged  that I took a nap immediately at two in the afternoon.
  And there's just like, yeah, yeah.
  Fuck me up for a little while.
  But in the afternoon there's just like  yellow golden light flooding into the room  which turned into dreams about Easter and Gudetama  and all of the egg content in Tokyo.
  I had wonder, they've all been great dreams.
  I wanna stay in this place where I'm like,  I get to still live in Tokyo in my dreams  for a third of every day.
  It rules.
  Yeah, it sounds great.
  I had a dream I couldn't find a dog last night  and I woke up like in a panic, an angry panic.
  Like who let him out?  If only you could go back to your beloved checking dreams.
  No, that's the best.
  I've said on the show before,  did I say I had a dream about Star Wars Land Hotel  where it was like a really realistic Star Wars Land Hotel  where you would have to get like decontaminated  before going into space and you were like naked in showers?  Jeez, horrifying.
  A theme is hallmark of the Star Wars films.
  Well, I mean like it was like a weird sci-fi movie  but like how you would actually maybe  have to get decontaminated  and it was like a real brutal, gross process.
  Checked up your butt?  No butt, nothing in the butt.
  But I was naked.
  Yeah, my shame.
  My shame was, that's what you call it, right?  With an audience of like 500 storm troopers  who all like point at you?  There were storm troopers but they weren't pointing  but there were just a bunch of other humans  all like naked walking through these like bleak corridors.
  Yeah, you sound like you're doing better  in the dreams department than I am.
  They've been pretty nice lately  and hopefully Guardians helps keep that out.
  Anyway, I'm sorry, I know how this is supposed to go  is that we're supposed to stretch this  into four episodes of content  but instead what I do is I drink a beer  and then I do the thing that scares me.
  It's working for me and hey, this podcast has made me  get over fears that I've had for decades  and it feels great.
  Good justification to do it.
  Well, we'll draw you going on like six times in a row  to get all six songs or something.
  Like we'll make that an event maybe.
  The day where you'll have to do all six.
  Oh, that's good.
  Or Monsters After Dark  which is my favorite of all the profiles.
  Do you think it's, is it, well is it more intense  and does it being generally scarier  affect the thrill level?  I think it's scarier because you don't know the song.
  Like you can't latch on to like, I know this song.
  It might be a song that never ends.
  Like does this song go for 24 minutes?  Oh, it kind of doesn't.
  It's much like comic books are all second act  as we're all about to learn or have learned at this point  with no real conclusion.
  The Monsters After Dark song just repeats and repeats.
  I love it.
  No, it's the same ride profile as one of the six.
  It's just a different song.
  And then the vibe inside is a little different  and it's cool.
  Yeah, but it's as far as actually physically being on there.
  It's not a ton scarier.
  It's a little, it's like, it's not,  I think Ghost Galaxy is even a little scarier honestly.
  Well, that last hit at the end.
  Yeah.
  Dear God.
  It's a little scarier.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  All right, well I'll keep building and then,  yeah, maybe this is, maybe I've built up to where I have  like a Six Flags handicap.
  I have like a 15 handicap as far as,  you gotta grade me on a curve  when it comes to real thrill rides.
  But I'm getting there, progress.
  Great.
  Yes.
  Congratulations.
  So happy to report it.
  And that's just one, that's just one part  of a little Grab Bag episode that we're doing  where we'll answer some of your questions.
  But first, you know, still some business  to take care of post Tokyo.
  You guys were up to some stuff  and I don't even know what it was.
  I hear there were some dark arts involved,  but some other adventures as well.
  Hey, as the ride would say, hit me with your best shot.
  What do you got?  Very good segue.
  Yeah, so Universal Hollywood, very kind to invite,  podcast the ride to a press event for the new dark arts.
  What's it called officially?  Dark Arts at Hogwarts Castle.
  Dark Arts at Hogwarts Castle.
  It's a new nighttime projection mapping show,  although that kind of undersells like what it is.
  There's a little more than that.
  They sort of, I mean, they've done a few projection  kind of shows on the Hogwarts Castle.
  And this one, I think they plus up their own thing.
  Like there's a lot more effects.
  There's some fog effects.
  Fire.
  There's fire.
  And the grand finale, which you know, Scott,  you know what the grand finale is?  Do not.
  All right, spoilers.
  Should we?  Spoiler alert.
  Spoiler alert.
  Jump ahead a few minutes if you don't wanna hear about this.
  It's a massive fleet of drones that forms,  I believe.
  Patronus.
  Yeah, Patronus.
  Which is like an elk.
  Yeah.
  And it moves.
  It lifts its leg.
  I should show you a little clip here.
  I thought it was just gonna be like,  oh yeah, look, it's drones.
  It's like twinkling lights.
  But then it formed a shape.
  Wow.
  And lifted its leg.
  So this is where finally the drone technology  we've been hearing about for a long time.
  Really, there's been like a quiet drone war  between Disney and Universal.
  And it seems like Universal won.
  They got it out sooner.
  Yeah, Disney was testing out a holiday kind of drone show  at Disney Springs.
  It was pretty short.
  But I think this might be the first in-park one.
  And a good place to do it, Universal Hollywood,  because you have a whole empty movie studio backlog  to take off and land those things from.
  And due to tax breaks happening in other states  and countries, it is an empty studio lot.
  So it's plenty of room to do whatever they want.
  Just avoid the set of Superstore,  the only show that exists.
  Yes.
  But yeah, it was very cool to see.
  I took some pictures, but it's nighttime.
  It's hard to sort of see.
  I mean, I don't, like, can you see that, Scott?  Can you move over?  To the left.
  Is that all visible?  You see it at all?  It's only the tiniest.
  Oh, I see the elk.
  Well, from here, it looks like a magic eye.
  But I'm sure it's much brighter.
  Oh, look.
  Oh my god, it turns its head in a very subtle manner.
  Lifts its leg.
  It's really quite impressive.
  Takes a piss.
  Flowing really realistic drone piss.
  Gets shot by a hunter.
  A hunter's drone arrow.
  Its son cries.
  Now, of course, like fireworks,  drones have their own issues.
  I've heard nights where they do the show,  but because of the winds that we've been having in LA,  they haven't done the drone sequence.
  We also saw a little inadvertent behind the scenes  because a helicopter flew by  probably more than a mile away.
  And I think the drones have automatic warning lights.
  So as they were resetting, it kind of popped up.
  But they were pretty far out of view at this point.
  They were headed back to base.
  They were headed back.
  A helicopter flew by and all of a sudden  they all shot up, like turned red.
  And we were like, oh, that wasn't supposed to happen.
  No.
  That was after the end.
  It was, yeah, after the show was over.
  So, and honestly for what we like was more cool.
  They were like, yeah, yeah, we wanna see,  we wanna see the seams.
  Yeah.
  And know about the safety procedures.
  Yeah.
  Show is one thing, but what happens if they get shot at?  Right.
  We wanted to warn the helicopter too.
  But a fun, a nice show, a good length.
  It's like, yeah, they did it before,  but it's like, is it Dumbledore talking?  Is he?  Dumbledore talking and then Voldemort shows up  and destroys the castle.
  Yeah, so it's like, the idea is that  they're just getting attacked by Dementors  and Dementors and Death Eaters.
  And then there's like spiders crawling up the castle  and skulls and then like magic sweeps it away.
  The storefront of Borgen and Berks, the Nocturnally.
  Which I was reading about, cause I was like,  how does this place still get a lease  if it's where all the evil people buy their stuff?  And the reason is that in the Harry Potter universe,  it acts as like a pawn shop.
  And so that's what they.
  That's their front.
  That's like, yeah, that's the justification.
  But it's always, there's always stuff being sold  or bought there or discovered there  that has larger implications.
  But the projections, yeah, the projections are very cool.
  Fire, because they shoot fire out of the castle essentially.
  Let's see here.
  I'm scrolling through it.
  Yeah, it's pretty scary.
  The music's very cool.
  I do think it's like, with the Disney castle projections,  it's like they're not destroying the castle  or like attacking it really.
  So it's like, they change the castle  to look like different stuff,  but it's kind of, it's less narrative.
  And the show is a little bit more narrative.
  I kind of, my only maybe one plus up would be like,  I'd love like more like little wizards  like saving the castle.
  Because it's kind of just like.
  The castle kind of puts itself back together  as the lights come on and you're filing out.
  Yeah, but that's a real minor gripe.
  I mean, what are we gonna have?  Tiny little projections of wizards on little brooms?  Yeah.
 Maybe.
  Doing a little cleanup effort.
  Yeah.
 Doing a little cleanup.
  It's, hey, the fact that they are willing  to be a little more like scary, violent with it,  that's the universal voice in action.
  And I think it's neat that they are expanding  their nighttime offerings.
  Because the history of universal had,  this might be a weird fun second gate episode  is like all of their attempts at nighttime entertainment.
  Yes.
  Because there are a few and I don't,  they're pretty spotty.
  There's a lot that happened for six months  and were never tried again.
  I know for a while they had the magicians,  the pen dragons doing shows every night.
  I mean, I guess Halloween Horror Nights  is a big nighttime.
  Yeah.
  But I feel like they've tried, and in Florida too,  like phantasmac-esque things along the,  stunt shows along the lagoon or whatever.
  But they've never really found one that sticks.
  And I think it's cool that Harry Potter's the opportunity  for them to do their version of a fireworks show.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  Hollywood's kind of in a weird spot  where there's so many neighborhoods around it  and a major freeway.
  And so they can't really shoot off fireworks every night.
  Sure.
  So our friend lives over right across the street  and when he takes his dog out,  he said he can just see the elk.
  Yeah.
  Like you just see it.
  So like you can obviously view a lot of this stuff  from very close nearby.
  It's a weird thing in general that living around here,  that whenever you're driving on the 101,  very often you see like a flare go up from Waterworld.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, or at nights, like a brief hit  of Harry Potter fireworks.
  Yeah.
  Olive or Barham, just one of the many benefits  of living in Los Angeles, California.
  Get out here.
  If you don't live here already,  it's plenty of room.
 It's one of the-  Get out.
 Rents are great.
  It's one of the few.
  Yeah, the rents are so good.
  It's one of the few things that's like  in a montage sequence in a movie where you're like,  this is a busy studio set.
  Or even just like montages of like people in LA.
  It is one of the things where it's like,  yeah, stuff happened.
  Movies are made.
  Yeah.
 Absolutely.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You feel that Hollywood energy.
  Hey, to that end, have you guys seen that ad  for the Jurassic World ride where like the backlot  goes chaotic and all of the, like every type of movie  and show is running away from the indominus.
  Yes.
  Like showgirls and vampires.
  And astronauts.
  And candy.
 Yeah.
  They are making every type of movie.
  It's kind of corny, but of course I do always like that  in any Pee-wee, Muppet Show, or Muppet movie,  Blazing Saddles kind of setting where all the movies  are happening on the lot.
  Yeah.
 I do, I don't know.
  It is a nice so-called act.
  It worked on me, yeah.
  It's good.
 It's got also in that little,  it's got what I assume is a scene too at the end  from the ride.
  The like cracking glass.
  Yeah, I think that's the first scene,  like the first section.
  That's my guess.
  And then on the newest Mice Chat podcast,  I believe Doug Barnes lets it loose that  this is a very scary ride.
  That this ride, like people are concerned  in the company of how scary Jurassic World is gonna be.
  Like he says, I think on Mice Chat that he wants to,  like there's some people that are thinking  maybe we have to dial this back.
  Ooh, it's their alien encounter.
  Yeah.
 Oh my God.
  We gotta get there soon then.
  Well, I was gonna say- Whenever they open it.
  I hope they dial it back a couple of weeks  after the press event.
  I mean, I was always scared on that ride.
  I'm still a little bit freaked out when the dinosaur,  when T-Rex comes out at the end.
  Yeah.
  I'm imagining what the difference might be now  is that it's gonna be dark.
  It's gonna be very dark.
  There's gonna be a lot of like,  all of a sudden lights shoot up and there's a dinosaur  and it's a horrible noise.
  Cause the lift hill is pretty much lit in Jurassic Park.
  So I'm guessing that it's gonna be a lot of dark.
  Scares the whole way.
  Scares the whole way.
  A lot, yeah, a lot less open air.
  Well, I'm not gonna be able to do it  because I don't have a pass right now.
  And that is the reason it is not that I am scared.
  I obviously am very brave from my guardians news.
  So it really is just a logistics thing with the pass.
  And otherwise I'd be there in a second.
  It's just, I can't, I can't.
  It makes sense to me.
  Just can't pull that right now.
  The great thing is though,  we have such a great relationship with Universal Studios  that we'll obviously just get an invite to the press event.
  You guys do.
  They know your faces, but I'm gonna be there.
  Like who's this loser?  I'm just gonna feel like kind of a third wheel  and you guys don't want that.
  I could spoil the whole relationship.
  So I just, I don't know if it's gonna work out.
  I will wish though.
  I wanna see that in Dominus.
  I want all the scares.
  I love scares now too, just like you Mike.
  Well, look, I know you're a changed man ever since Tokyo.
  So I believe you.
  I believe what you're saying 100% that that is the reason.
  Everyone should.
  Don't take any tone that I'm using  as anything but the truth.
  Right, well in a couple of weeks,  I mean very soon I think this is opening.
  So we'll see.
  We'll see what happens.
  Could we build the saga out of that?  Perhaps we could.
  Oh boy, now I'm trying.
  I don't know.
  I'm not saying you're even involved in the saga.
  I'm just saying we could turn it into a thing.
  True, true.
  Look Scott, Ohana means family  and family means no one gets left behind.
  What's, is there a Hawaiian word for beer or wine?  That's what it'll be.
  Oh, there's gotta be a Jurassic World beer  that they're introducing now with the new land.
  Oh, I would hope.
  This would change the equation.
  Jurassic, I know we already said piss on the show.
  A renal?  Jurassic piss, I was gonna like it's the piss  of a rare dinosaur.
  Why, Savignon Brontosaur.
  Oh yeah.
  They haven't really touched on the idea  in any of the movies of someone  wanting to eat the dinosaurs, right?  You know what?  That feels like a missed opportunity.
  Let's get on the call.
  Let's get on the phone with Trevorrow and let's see.
  Maybe we can get that idea in four.
  The eating the dinosaurs.
  There's like some rich guys that wanna eat the dinosaurs  and that's the whole movie.
  Jason's smiling.
  They didn't work as weapons and they didn't work as pets  but now another auction.
  We will be auctioning them these dinosaurs to be cubed  and prepared for your enjoyment.
  And it's just a movie about people eating them.
  It's not even like a scary adventure movie.
  It's just rich weirdos.
  It's like Chef.
  It's like Jon Favreau's Chef.
  It does sound like a realistic entry  in the strangest blockbuster franchise that has ever existed.
  One has a woman being murdered for no reason.
  Two is two movies split down the middle.
  All right.
  Do it fairly related films.
  Gymnastics plays a heavy role.
  No, we're talking about.
  He's talking about the Jurassic World franchise.
  World not park.
  Yes, that's true too though.
  I like Jurassic World too.
  It does become like a Jurassic Park movie.
  Halfway through it becomes a haunted house movie.
  I didn't watch the entire thing so I can't.
  I kind of enjoyed the auction.
  I'll say that.
  Well, the fourth one will be hopefully Jason starring  and he'll be dining on a T-Rex.
  Succulent, delicious.
  I'll be doing a voice in the movie as well.
  I've eaten every animal on this earth  and now I can finally say I ate the ones  on a prehistoric earth.
  What if it's like you playing like the owner of Jimmy John's  and you hunt them for sport and then you eat them  or then you sell them in your restaurant.
  Oh, that'd be great.
  Jimmy John's number like 20 is a dinosaur sub.
  A scene standing on the back of an open air Jeep  going like, this is gonna be number 22.
  We got like 10 different names we're trying to settle on  where they're yelling over like the helicopter noise  and the car noise.
  Rice seratops will pair great on a sandwich  with Swiss cheese.
  Perhaps sauerkraut.
  I don't think once we do this we're gonna be losing  so no one's gonna be buying turkey toms  once we introduce this.
  T-Rex toms?  T-Rex toms, that's on the list, trust me.
  It's all about you crushing togos into the ground.
  Yeah.
  Sweet, sweet dinosaur meat.
  People are trying to be the first now to like CBD  and like vegan burgers but the Jimmy John's franchise  is trying to get the dinosaur first.
  Trying to beat their competition.
  Sure, there's probably a way to clone them  to where they have CBD blood also.
  Oh yeah, that's Jason's dream.
  Happy grade.
  Their meat kills you up and their blood gets you high.
  The ultimate animal.
  Gosh, culture viral, we'll talk to him right after this.
  I think you would buy every one of these ideas.
  Oh my God.
  And can we add a strange molestation plot?  Then I'm very sold.
  That's a Book of Henry reference.
  Yes, I didn't bring up molestation for no reason.
  That was a reference to the film The Book of Henry  but you know that.
  Just in case you haven't seen it, we know you have.
  That is a spoiler about The Book of Henry.
  There's a lot of spoilers I guess in this episode to give.
  The whole movie is spoiled like a spoiled egg or food.
  One thing.
  I was gonna say.
  It's tainted meat.
  One of the one Guardian's characters  that's not on the ride is one of your favorite characters  from Book of Henry, Dr.
 David Daniels.
  Oh yes.
  He plays Ronan.
  Dr.
 David Daniels.
  Hello, I'm Dr.
 David Daniels.
  A normal character who seems to have wandered in  from a different movie.
  He's wandered in from a soap opera from 1988.
  Yeah.
  He's Ronan the Accuser in The Guardians  and Guardians 1 and Captain Marvel  but he's not on the ride.
  So that's, I would have pointed,  too bad is what I'm saying.
  Very low in Lee Pace content.
  Who also is in, he's Marmaduke's owner in Marmaduke  and there is a part where Marmaduke farts  and he says, oh Marmaduke, what did you eat?  I hope that's clip number one and Lee Pace is acting real.
  I hope that that's.
  Oh he doesn't need a reel.
  He's a pretty prominent performer.
  I hope though he appears on the,  I assume the Toon Lagoon new e-ticket Marmaduke ride  that is coming soon to Islands of Adventure.
  Can you imagine?  It's a screen ride, the most realistic.
  Yeah, photo reel.
  You could see every fur follicle.
  You can smell the farts.
  You are Marmaduke and then Lee Pace just scolds you  through the whole ride.
  Look what you did.
  You're going on a different diet.
  I don't wanna smell another fart around here.
  Now we're describing it.
  This is like a nightmare.
  This is a dream you would have.
  Yeah, that really.
  I'm Marmaduke and Lee Pace is yelling at me.
  It's Spider-Man Transformers ride vehicle.
  That technology but with just scenes  of Lee Pace in a kitchen.
  And this is your nightmare because you want rides  where characters say that they're proud of you.
  Yes.
  So a ride where a character scolds you.
  I don't like it.
  Bad dog.
  Is the ride vehicle simulating that you are Marmaduke?  Is that what you're saying?  It's Marmaduke's head.
  So at some point we would use the however many degrees  of movement to sit on Lee Pace.
  Wonderful.
  We'll sit on him because he's a Marmaduke.
  I love it.
  Famously a giant dog.
  Giant dog.
  Not as big as Clifford but pretty big  when you consider the sizes of normal dogs.
  Bigger than a Beethoven.
  For sure.
  The point of a Beethoven is that he's very big.
  Holy shit.
  How has there never been a Marmaduke versus Beethoven movie?  Oh man.
  We are giving away too many good movies.
  We gotta keep these in our pocket.
  That would tear apart the straight to video market.
  There'd be 10 of those within three years.
  And then Clifford shows up in the post credit scene.
  I'm forming a team of big dogs.
  Large dogs all unite to save the world.
  My different voice is very sad.
  I think you could also do it like the one Fancy.
  Oh no, it's McGruff.
  Oh, I'm putting a team together.
  I'm putting a team together.
  But pee in this cup first.
  Let me make sure you're clean.
  I think you marry ideas like the one Fast and the Furious  post credit sequence where they're like,  we just got some weird news.
  And then they put down a file folder  and it's Michelle Rodriguez's character  you think died in the last movie but she's still alive.
  But like we're off putting down a folder  with Clifford's picture of like,  this son of a bitch is still kicking.
  He's managed to hide even though he's very big.
  He got big, I suspect he got big  off of performance enhancing drugs.
  McGruff and Clifford is the next Topps and Shaw.
  Yeah.
  It's gonna make.
  We've already got sub franchises.
  Oh, the big dog cinematic universe.
  And everyone can wear those shirts too.
  I was gonna say East Tech.
  East Tech and CGH, canine growth hormone.
  Ah, yeah.
  He's hopped up on dog smack and he's ready to bite.
  But not crime.
  There should be a song.
 He's biting your bones.
  These dogs are all too fucking big.
  We need to take him down a peg.
  I like this, this is good.
  I really like it.
 I love it.
  Yeah, maybe we need to put our heads together.
  I mean, as franchise culture gets weirder and decays,  I think this is maybe our only ticket  is to start just grabbing properties.
  And ride them into hell.
  Just all the way down the tunnel of.
  If anyone would let properties be insane,  I would be pitching all the time, but I'm just.
  People are too scared.
  That's the thing.
  The Marvel and DC universes are so fucking bonkers  because they've had to publish  however many dozens of comics every month  since the 40s and later the 50s and 60s.
  But just years and there's decades and decades  of oddities and weirdness.
  And they barely scratched the surface in these movies.
  I get the sense I read that.
  We're about to see this end game tonight.
  Very excited about it.
  I kind of feel like it might be weird.
  I think I read it might be weird.
  I'm hoping it's very weird.
  This is the general narrative as a Marvel outsider.
  The narrative is that the comics are weirder  than the movies have gotten to be.
  And you like Marvel as kids  because maybe it's weirder than DC.
  And that's what you're.
  That's like what you're.
  Is that vaguely correct?  They're both weird.
  Both weird more real.
  Marvel got the Marvel boom in the 60s was like,  this guy's a regular guy who gets powers.
  Peter Parker's a regular teenager.
  He's got regular teenage problems.
  The X-Men are teenagers.
  They're outcast.
  There was more personality in the books.
  Stan Lee, I think whether he stole everything  from Kirby and Ditko, which probably,  whether he did that or not,  the one thing I think you cannot take away from him  is that his personality was in the books.
  So there was a kind of a fun tone overall,  the whole that still is kind of on the line to this day.
  And I think that like sort of like that personality  was a big part of like why I found it  a little more accessible.
  Yeah, sure.
  Because like DC I think was not,  I mean, you can find versions of everything now  because there's been so many comics.
  It was just a little stiffer, a little safer.
  Now DC comics, especially in the 50s were plenty weird  and looking back on them,  the more stiffness of the stories and the art  only enhances the weirdness.
  So it is like different flavors.
  Yeah.
  So the story I've heard is that  even though Stan Lee stole before all that,  he, Clifford was stolen from him.
  It was his idea.
  So it was like kind of his retribution to  his million dollar ticket was ripped from his hands.
  So that's the weirdest idea ever conceived.
  Cycles of abuse.
  So you repeat the abuse that was done to you.
  Yeah, it's almost like he couldn't help it.
  But you still can't forgive him.
  No, no, no, of course not.
  Well, what do we do?  Should we take a quick break?  Well, we got a little thing.
  Let's talk about this real quick  and then we'll take a little break before the mail.
  There's one little quick thing.
  It's not, look, this story doesn't have a satisfying ending.
  But so we've been talking for a while.
  There's an organization called the Tias.
  Oh no.
  Yeah, Scott knows sort of where we're going here.
  And they have an award show.
  And this is for like basically a theme park organization.
  It's a trade group.
  Trade group, thank you.
  And they have an award show called the Theas,  which is a thing they host every year  at usually the Disneyland Hotel.
  I think it's probably been there every year.
  I like that.
  And that's fun.
  And I think, oh, a year ago, I started saying,  the three of us should host the Theas.
  Ha ha, that's funny.
  That's a funny joke or whatever.
  And some people maybe said, don't do it.
  It's too long.
  It's too boring.
  What are you doing wasting your time?  That didn't dissuade me at all, of course.
  But see, I heard that part.
  That part rang true to me.
  But let's hear it.
  What's the plan for you?  But again, there's parallels in comics  because the Eisner Awards,  the sort of Oscars of the comic book industry  has over the years got added more entertainers  and comedians as presenters  and sort of livened it up a little.
  And the Golden Globes were very stiff  until that rascal Ricky Gervais showed up  and took a piss all over all of it.
  This motherfucker doesn't even believe in God.
  He's nothing sacred.
  Wild, he's wild.
  So a couple months ago, I just said,  okay, maybe we're not gonna host this year.
  Not this year.
  But you know, podcast the right, we have listeners.
  We have some, I'd like to think we maybe have some influence  or there's a value to bringing us somewhere.
  So I emailed the Theas.
  And I said.
 And we got a one sheet, you know?  We've got a professional presentation.
  We've got logos, t-shirts, a little write-up, GQ.
  GQ Magazine, Wired Magazine.
  Old media, baby.
  Yeah, we got that PR guy who we pay so much money to.
  We're really taking a bath paying Jacob.
  Jacob is.
 But he's got hustle.
  Working hard.
  He can't get us in a Knott's Berry farm.
  He's a little bit of a defensive from Broadway World.
  Jacob on staff at Broadway World.
  Now he's full-time podcast writer, PR guy.
  And we were sent back a very, so yeah, just saying,  hey, you know, we're a podcast.
  We'd love to come and cover the Theas.
  And we were sent an email that I would call insulting.
  Maybe, Kurt.
  Well, you just threw out, hey, what's up?  I'm good, what's going on?  We wanna host your Theas, okay?  I didn't say host.
  This was just a cover.
  I just said, you know, we'd love to come out.
  Okay, okay, okay.
  You take up seats.
  And these seats cost a great deal.
  $500.
  They're going on expense accounts, you know?  Companies are writing them off.
  Here's the way I figure it.
  Who's going down to cover Theas?  So this is the audience of nerds and theme park people  who would be like, oh, you know, there's this award show  and it recognizes stuff that we all like.
  So in my mind.
  This place that sells $500 banquet seats easily  for many decades in a row needs our help.
  Needs our help, yes.
  Sure, trade groups famously love publicity  about their day-to-day operations.
  But we were told that our podcast is probably,  they don't think it's a good match for the Thea Awards.
  Faster than a Jack-Jack,  faster than Jack-Jack taking off on the credit coaster.
  We got a response saying, thanks, but no.
  Jeez.
 Yeah, yeah.
  So basically, so again, this doesn't have a good,  this story doesn't have a good ending.
  But.
 Oh, it's very sad.
  Was it two Saturdays ago?  Yeah.
 Two Saturdays ago,  Lindsay had something to do  and Jason and I.
 Had nothing.
  Had nothing to do.
  So we went down to the parks  the day the Thea Awards were happening.
  Oh, oh.
  And we staked it out.
  We did not wear tuxes like I wanted to  and try to sneak in,  which I know is not good boy behavior,  but I felt this since this email,  it would be like cosmically like us getting to see the show  would be, would make up for the sting of this painful email.
  So we just kind of like hung out.
  So it was basically in like, I guess it's the main ballroom.
  When we saw there was one security guard  standing outside the Thea Awards, like,  and we were like, that's right in there  because you saw people in gowns and tuxes.
  This is no, this is no goof around.
  This is a real life.
  And to paint a picture directly next door  was the Dapper Days convention.
  Yes.
 So people selling like,  so you had classic evening, like tuxedos and gowns.
  And then next to it, like suspenders and poodle skirts  and bow tie, like the Dapper Day kind of look.
  We met a guy, we met a listener who was down there.
  Yes, who was down for Dapper Day.
  Dapper Days.
  He gave us a little hack too,  is that the hotels are a discount  if you go through like a certain,  like a trade show or an expo.
  You get a discount.
  So if you were in Dapper Day tickets are like $15 or $10.
  Yeah, and he got an insane discount  on these like hotel rooms.
  I was like, oh, that is a good little hack.
  Okay.
  So we, as I think as we were coming in,  I wasn't sure if the people with the curly mustaches  and the like hat, the cabby hats were for the Thea's  or for Dapper, then we figured out  there were two separate things going on.
  Yes, the Thea's were much more square.
  Yeah, but I would say like there was a room,  you could see there was a room  where they had like a reception area  and then the actual ballroom,  I think where the awards took place.
  And after the awards were over,  they were pumping loud music.
  There was a loud thump thump, four on the floor beats,  modern music coming out of there.
  So I think there were some people that were still partying.
  Yeah, but that was the official like cast party.
  The real cast parties are elsewhere.
  Well, sure.
  You know how it is.
  The other kids, I know some of you are listening.
  So what happened was we were walking around  and all of a sudden like,  so basically what is Jason's pass is blacked out that day.
  Yes.
  Mine is not.
  I did the Scott Gierdner trick,  went to the monorail and out  and started racking up fast passes  while Jason and I were eating dinner.
  But have I said what I learned,  which is that then you can't go into Disneyland after?  I got in weird trouble from that.
  If you do that, then the next park you enter  has to be California Adventure.
  That's interesting.
  Because it's like you entered the park twice  and that throws off the system.
  So be careful with that.
  Oh, interesting.
  But anyway.
  I've done that, but it's only been just by happenstance,  California Adventure.
  I've done it like within,  I somehow got from one to the other in 10 minutes  and they're like, wait a minute, you're already here.
  Wait, I went in and out.
  Wait, stand here.
  What like a person was called over.
  It was horrible.
  Wow, really?  Yeah, yeah.
  So just be careful with that.
  Okay, good school California Adventure.
  I guess so.
  So then we went back and,  I mean, long story short,  because this episode is already long,  the after party is at Trader Sam's.
  And the newly expanded Tangeroa Terrace  featuring an outdoor bar patio.
  Basically Jason and I sat and one of us stood,  because there was no room,  with in the middle of,  I don't want to say, maybe a 75 to 100 tuxedo gowns,  Imagineer theme park related industry people  all having like a celebratory drink  or wallowing and losing drink.
  And very quickly realized anyone in this organization  who has listened to our show and sent us a nice email  is far too young and does not get to use the expense account  to travel to Anaheim.
  That sort of, because like, look,  Jason and I were really hoping  that there would be like some people who have messages  over the last year and a half of like,  oh wow or whatever.
  And then we'd be invited to some secret like cabal,  some secret Imagineer after party.
  That's how we did round a corner and run face,  almost smack dab into the people,  the women behind the Disneyland foodies account.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  That was very nice to talk to them for a while.
  Yeah, that was very nice.
  They were not there for the theists.
  They were there for just having a good time at Disney.
  But I think, yeah, we, at least my-  Guys, cut to the,  which Imagineers did you hook up with?  I don't know.
  Jason and Bob Gurr.
  I mean, those are little details.
  Jason and Bob Gurr went back.
  I hooked up with a delicious Steakhouse 55 cheeseburger.
  Oh nice.
  That might be the best burger on prop.
  Delicious.
 Really?  I would've known that.
  With like fried potato, like wonderful.
  Yeah, I had Nashville hot chicken.
  Yeah.
 Which was really good.
  And you can get this in the, we were in the bar.
  We were just eating in the bar.
  So basically-  With some people from Pasadena who were getting hammered  and just kept getting weirder and weirder  as the meal went on.
  I of course had two complaints then,  sort of at the end of the night.
  Basically that we were not involved in Intuxas  and two that we were not having the fun  of the people that were there.
  So next year, I'm not saying we have to host,  but we have to at least present, do a bit in the show.
  There's gotta be some involvement here.
  We have to call on the listeners to,  I don't wanna say bombard the theists, the Tia award.
  I don't wanna bother them.
  But in a nice say, you know what?  We love themed entertainment.
  These are the king, these three gentlemen are the kings.
  They would plus up this event like nothing else.
  The original kings.
  We are wearing comically oversized suits.
  Yes.
  The original kings of theme park comedy.
  The original kings of theme park comedy.
  I think that's right actually.
  I don't think there's any dispute to that.
  So-  Jason the entertainer.
  Oh God.
  Rest in peace.
  Wait no, Bernie Mac's the one who passed away.
  Oh.
  Jesus, Jason.
  But it's the entertainer ultimately  when things come to that.
  I hope you're all in peace.
  Yes, hope we all do.
  All of us.
  So we'll be involved next year.
  That is my hope because it honestly,  I was jealous of the fun these Tuxedo people were having.
  And I said, wouldn't it be great  if we were having this fun too?  And wouldn't it be great if everyone knew us  and thought we were great?  And I said, I don't know.
  If everyone knew us and thought we were great.
  That's what I was feeling.
  Well sure.
  But you're saying we're having fun  but we're not having their fun two feet over.
  I had a lovely evening with my friend Michael  and a terrific meal.
  Really good.
  Yeah, it'd be coming to a close.
  I'm gonna say next year, I wanna be in a Tuxedo.
  I wanna be getting, I wanna be people coming up  and going, that bit you guys did was so great.
  How did you get that cameo from Jeff Garland?  How did, how?  Wow, that's so great.
  You guys are great.
  Hey.
 From Hondo.
  Let me.
 You got the real Hondo.
  Hey, do you wanna design a,  do you wanna design one of the rooms  on the new Avengers coaster?  Like an arm around me, you know?  Which character do you want in there, huh?  Which X-Men? Hey, there's a country,  well it doesn't exist yet  cause it's still being coup d'etat  but they got a lot of money  for a little bit of time to build a theme park.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Yeah, exactly.
  You know, but you guys,  there's gonna be a Hanna-Barbera land in,  there's a South America country, yeah,  that we're building a whole theme park.
  Yeah, in the process of being co-opted and.
  We're not sure, yeah.
  So you guys.
 We're building  a terminal ride in ironically a country  that is going through a terminal sort of limbo.
  Which Hanna-Barbera property?  And I would say, well the Partridge family 2025  from Hanna-Barbera's library.
  And they go, that sounds like a great idea here.
  You drop a plan and we'll do it.
  That's what I want next year.
  We're foreclosing Nicolas Cage's island for tax evasion  and we're building a theme park there.
  That's all I want.
  And you can build a new Marvel McFay.
  The contract does say there has to be a Mandy ride.
  Mandy ride based on the recent movie.
  Well, I like this,  I think this threat is gonna get us in there.
  And if they don't,  if they don't let us in,  then we're gonna go Sam Bee on their ass  and do the Not Your Dads Thea Awards right next door.
  It's gonna be full of attitude and punk bands  and we're gonna take the piss out of the Theas.
  Yeah, I agree.
  All right, well we'll be right back.
  You guys have a lot to think about.
  And we will get to some of your questions,  like one or two.
  Oh, oh, oh.
  Oh, oh, oh.
  All right, we are back and we're finally ready  to make it not about us, but about you.
  We are taking some of your questions.
  We just did a call on Twitter.
  Thank you for sending them.
  And we have a lot in the archives.
  I'll always be sending.
  Send us a question every day.
  ABS, always be sending.
  We will get to it sometime in the next eight years.
  But I'll be scouring the Twitter,  but I know you guys had some archive questions  that you were looking forward to bringing up  and I'll look at the new stuff.
  Yeah, so there's a couple.
  Yeah, we had these a few months ago.
  We've called for questions before.
  These are old questions.
  This was an Instagram question.
  User thatpappy.
  And this is a little, we'll get into this  when we do a full video, but I like this question.
  What's the ideal Star Tours video order?  Oh!  Which is a very fun, I think, question.
  We don't have to say maybe why.
  Maybe we give a quick version and we can get into it more  when we finally do Adventure Continues.
  Yeah, I know, I thought maybe we'd talk about this  with Adventures Continue.
  But I mean.
  Yeah, just off the top of your head.
  Off the top of my head, I like Kashyyyk,  the Wookie planet, and I like going to the Gungan city.
  Oh, and Naboo.
  Yes.
  Yeah, I like that one.
  Is Wookie a first scene?  Yes.
  Yeah, so I'd go with that.
  Or Padre, Padre's pretty fun.
  Maybe Wookie though, because when he gets stuck to the,  it's really fun.
  I want BB-8 in the middle, or Yoda, I think.
  And yeah, I like Gungan, I really do.
  I'm not one of these I like Jar Jar now people.
  But that planet is so fun, and the spike of the boat ship  hitting you, breaking the glass at the end.
  And I didn't realize until recently there's another one  where it doesn't break.
  That's why I didn't realize it until like six months ago.
  Wow.
  Oh yeah.
  It blew my mind.
  You know, I think they did a good job with the,  it wouldn't be my ideal.
  I got a little tired of the red salt planet,  but I think they did a good job with that world.
  And I got that in Japan, but then the Galaxy's Edge  set up scene in Japan where they are not getting  Galaxy's Edge, it was very off putting.
  I guess it's still promoting tourism to the other spots.
  But I like that little scene, that gives you a nice little.
  Oh, I love that scene.
  I like that.
  But yeah, that's my ideal order I think.
  I like Jakku, where you're tracing the Falcon  through all the wreckage and stuff  from Force Awakens and stuff.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I like acknowledging the mythology of the prequels.
  Whether you like the prequels or not,  it does make it feel like a more lived in universe  and stuff to go like, no, that exists.
  Definitely.
 That's canon.
  That the one food stall coming to Galaxy's Edge  is like, yeah, it's hot dogs cooked over  an old pod racer engine.
  It's like, I love it.
  That's probably where I'm going first.
  The lava planet in the void.
  The void, yeah, I love that.
  Mustafar, Mustafar, Vader's Castle.
  So cool.
  Absolutely, they should keep prequel stuff alive  and sort of like repurpose it and do something neat with it.
  Yeah, but we'll hit adventures, continue in the near future.
  What else we got?  I've got one.
  I selfishly picked this one  because I kind of have a story related to it.
  Michael Hidalgo emailed and asked,  ever gotten sick while on a long distance park trip?  I recently got hit with a stomach flu  while on a week long trip visiting Walt Disney World.
  In a similar situation, would you force yourself  to hit the parks or would you opt for comfort  and just take it easy back at the hotel?  What do you think guys, this ever happened to you?  I think luckily I have not gotten super sick  on a theme park trip.
  As a child I got sick on the way back once.
  I was a little kid.
  That's when I ate a corn dog and I threw up.
  And that's why I haven't had a corn dog since.
  Which I guess that's maybe my mountain to climb.
  Like Scott's drops and launches, I should eat a corn dog.
  We should build up to me eating a corn dog.
  Oh, you swore off corn dogs, really?  Yeah.
  But it was just like, as a kid you were like,  oh, I don't like corn dogs, they make me throw up.
  But it's like, it's fried hot dog.
  I've never been a fan of corn dogs my whole life,  despite no sickness related to it.
  But I, boy, the Frontierland corn dogs,  I only recently started doing in Disneyland  and they're fantastic.
  Disneyland corn dogs, right.
  Yeah, that'd be the one to start with I think.
  I did get kind of sick once.
  Well, myself and my brother,  my brother once when my family was down there in the summer  got very bad sunburned.
  I was like grounded for a day or so  of like staying in the hotel room.
  My brother as a kid always got sunburned or sick on holidays.
  Like it became like a running joke in the family.
  I got sick once when I was a freshman in high school  when I was down there.
  I think because I stressed myself out so much  that I wasn't gonna get everything done  I wanted to get done.
  And it was the day that just me and my dad  were going to go from the Borwalk Hotel  over to Islands of Adventure.
  But I just woke up feeling like death.
  And I was like, no, we gotta go, we gotta go.
  And my parents are just like, go back to sleep.
  You're like in really bad shape.
  And then like, I think I just hadn't been sleep.
  I mean, just being like going from sunup to sundown.
  And I got a few, I slept in until like a few hours  and then just had, just took it easy and had lunch.
  And then I was better and went the next day.
  But it was like, I don't know,  freshman year in high school sucked.
  I think there was a lot mentally weighing on my mind.
  And I'm like, I have to have fun now  because I have to go back to that fucking hell.
  It wasn't even that bad of an experience  compared to some people's high school experience.
  But it was still like, Jesus,  like I gotta blitz through all this  and knowing I had to go back to school the day  after we get back sucks.
  It's still not Disney world.
  There was comfort that I took when leaving Tokyo.
  I was the saddest I've been since leaving Disney world  when I was seven where I just wept and wept.
  I was so, it was such an embarrassing crying show.
  But I was really sad to leave Tokyo,  but I could take solace in,  you aren't going back to school right now.
  You don't have to go back to second grade  when you leave here.
  It was nice to remind myself.
  But wait, was there a question related to that?  Like what would you do?  You could take it easy.
  What is your opinion?  Would you take it easy a little  or would you just power through?  I would have to be real jacked up to not power through.
  I would have to be like throwing up badly.
  Excuse me.
  Geez, I'd have to be like throwing,  I'm throwing up now.
  As your throat starts to give out.
  I'm throwing up now.
  I'm gonna throw my gruff in there.
  I did my gruff in a bit show a couple days ago  and my throat has been different since.
  Oh no.
  So you did like a three minute character piece  and Scott went on a three minute ride  and you're both in bad shape.
  Yes.
  The 30s are great.
  Your 30s, your body treats you.
  This is so lame.
  Because of the day,  I ate too many animals on 420  and it took me a couple of days to feel normal again.
  I got that one day we'll tell the Vegas story  on a show or something.
  The Vegas story is wild with you.
  But I accidentally did that.
  You have like two to three beers  and your next two days are shot.
  Yeah.
  It's crazy.
  We had one of the episodes earlier,  our podcast The Ride, it was your birthday  and you had had three beers the night before  and it was the first time you were brutally late to record  and you were like jacked real fucked up.
  Mad.
  The last two birthdays we've recorded the morning after  and I've been in a bad way.
  Again, three beers over five or six hours.
  Yeah.
  I'm getting to that point though.
  My grand total, spread over eight hours yesterday  was three beers and two glasses of wine  and I was like, am I gonna have to cancel?  It's getting to that point.
  And I'm feeling guardians still in my body.
  I can't go quip on a chair for an hour and a half.
  Then there was just an ad on the Night Call podcast  where they were talking about some new supplement  that you can take before you go to bed  after you've been drinking to prevent that sort of thing  and I'm like, I gotta go back and write that name down.
  That might be a good thing to look into to use that code.
  That's funny.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  That's a tough one.
  I guess it depends.
  If it's a crazy, if it's a place you don't think  you'll go back to if you haven't been there.
  But also, so many of these places  have nice resort property.
  You gotta enjoy the pool.
  I would just say then do a more mellow overt.
  Don't do a jam it all into a front to close day.
  Yeah, take it easy.
  Watch what you're eating.
  Oh, and also Disneyland has doctors on call  and an urgent care practically on the property.
  Universal has like at the concierge,  they'll give you, there's phone numbers you can call  if you're down in Orlando on vacation and you're ill  and they will connect you with a doctor or a dentist  because my dad had like a tooth like ache,  like a bad tooth thing go and they were able to get him  an appointment the next morning  and at least get him antibiotics before he could get back  home and get the tooth pulled.
  Was it like a character, was like Dr.
 Octopus who?  Oh, I wish, no.
  It was just a friendly Orlando professional.
  Right.
  Yeah, so it's all, that's a case by case basis I think.
  Yeah, take it easy.
  If you're contagious, please quarantine yourself  to your hotel.
  Oh yeah, don't go there.
  Wear the mask.
  A lot of masks in Japan, they're probably smart.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  Here's a fun one from just on Twitter from Tyler Holtz.
  I might be looking at the same one.
  Bob Iger has retired and Bob Chapek is stepping down  and they've chosen you three as successors  to head the theme Disney Parks division.
  What is your first order of business?  We'll talk about this at length at some point  but I've probably said it before and I'll say it again,  Autopia is gone.
  No more Autopia, that is a day one decision  and I recently thought of how to split that land up.
  Half of it is Tron which also extends into where Carousel  is now, that's gone too.
  The other half Matterhorn perfectly transitions  into either Frozen or Beauty and the Beast.
  Frozen's a smoother transition but you're using some  of the Fantasyland side too.
  This new Beauty and the Beast ride I think would fit in  great, this is what they are doing in Tokyo  and it is very smart, that is happening day one,  everywhere that it can happen but especially Disneyland.
  Wow.
  Who could object to this plan?  Fascinating to hear you pitch IP,  like inject some IP and stuff.
  Well I don't think I'm an IP snob  and that Beauty and the Beast stuff looks incredible.
  The Tron ride looks great.
  I mean that's what's getting built right  and obviously I'd love to have the Aquatopia in there  or journey to the center of the earth.
  Oh sure.
  Although honestly I think, hey if I'm the head  of the division, I want what the people want too.
  That's not a weird idea in any way.
  That's what I don't understand, why are we holding  to the Autopia when we could put in mega crowd pleaser  people eater attractions that everyone would love.
  That is a no brainer, that's day one.
  Day two we'll figure it out.
  What do you guys think?  Oh my god, Marvel baby, X-Men Mansion, two e-tickets,  X-Men's Mansion, fantastic Fort Baxter building ride,  full wheel, not this college campus Marvel land,  New York City Marvel land, crazy e-tickets,  tons of robots, that's what I'm doing.
  Yeah.
  Jason.
  Jason.
  I don't know, I feel like mine are more ethereal.
  I think like.
  More benches.
  I think like less oversight, less oversight for imagineering.
  I mean that's real pipe dreamy.
  Cause Disney's always been pretty careful  of guarding their image and the company image and stuff.
  But you read about what it was like in the 80s and 90s  and stuff is getting built left and right.
  And they had more budget issues back then,  but I don't think it's crazy to describe the company now  as having unlimited money.
  Yeah.
  Like there's a few companies in the world,  like Apple and Disney, I think you could describe  as having like unlimited resources.
  All the money.
  So like loosen it up a little, like go a little more wild.
  I am not proposing releasing Song of the South.
  Sure.
  One of the best jokes I have heard recently  was someone on a podcast describing self-reflection  as a beloved American pastime.
  And all the hosts started laughing and I was like,  yeah, that's true.
  And that's why they should not put Song of the South  on Disney Plus.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Might give people some new good ideas.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I feel like the worst people in the world  would be super jacked for it for the wrong reasons.
  Plenty of clips of it on YouTube.
  I think just like, yeah, loosening up.
  And I don't wanna say like drop prices,  but it does feel like Disney has become  much more exclusionary to regular people  or like come and come with money.
  And that was always the attitude,  but I feel like you saw a lot more promotions in the 90s  and even in the 2000s of like come for half a day,  come for free on your birthday.
  And maybe that's more realistic to implement in Orlando  where the infrastructure is a little better  and out here, Disneyland's just so crushed  by current demand.
  But I think they should get friendlier with that stuff  in California Adventure since they want people over there.
  And in the past, they've done like a really cheap Costco  ticket that's only California Adventure  that I really thought about doing.
  Hey, I'm there for wine and one ride,  so it works out great for me.
  But like I do think if they're trying to spread  the crowds out more, yeah, do some of that.
  Make California Adventure more people friendly  and being that Star Wars is gonna be such a crush soon.
  Yeah, and I kind of like that they're doing the Epcot  like always running a festival model at California Adventure  because people seem into that and it is a nice way  to like do tasting menus and stuff.
  Sure, sure.
  But yeah, I think a little less hostility  to your customers is probably my thing, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Anybody got anything else?  Oh wait, wait, really fast.
  I was gonna say I like how Scott and I pitched rides  and Jason pitched a corporate restructuring.
  I mean.
  That's some mayor talk.
  Yeah, I mean he's gotta think about the big picture.
  It's a crowd pleaser.
  Sorry, Scott, go ahead.
  Oh, it's really fast, this is from Dan Bn7 on Twitter.
  Who is your favorite tiny fuppet?  Anna Manuel is the answer, we can move on.
  I think I was gonna say Tommy.
  Oh thanks, okay, yeah.
  Well, Tommy's the heart, Tommy gets abused  and Tommy needs the most love.
  Always was a big gonzoir kid.
  Oh thanks.
  I'm also really fond, I'm thinking about a spinoff  with Mr.
 Fresh Juice who is the equivalent  of the Kool-Aid Man.
  Oh of course.
  I have an idea of where the fuppets don't factor in  and it's only the, I'll pass that to the Portuguese  animators behind Tiny Fuppet.
  I believe all of them have their own solo projects  in development, like Eddie Property.
  Like Joaquin Phoenix Joker, ooh that's a best-in-hand.
  Like we have heard through Crape Fines  that every obscure storyline in Marvel and DC  is being mined and pitched right now.
  That's what's gonna start happening in Fuppetverse.
  Anyway, didn't mean to dominate with that.
  We'll see if, I will have to cut this out.
  I am getting right now a rumor from a friend.
  If this is, obviously if he doesn't want me to do this,  I'll cut this out.
  The crow is back in Dumbbell.
  But no, he is saying right now there is a rumor  that there will be a Jurassic World tiki bar  at Universal Hollywood.
  Whoa!  There we go, now we're talking.
  Suddenly, maybe I buy Braves,  suddenly I stand face to face, toe to toe  with the Indominus.
  Oh man.
  You stand the Indominus.
  Yeah, I'm gonna stand up on your eye.
  We stand the Indominus.
  Yeah, one Mai Tai and I start doing crazy things.
  Well, you gotta have two as a tribute to Jimmy.
  Sure.
  Yeah, there's two Margaritas you have to sing.
  Oh yes, yeah.
  Now, can you imagine if that was on the ride,  if a Buffett robot ran away?  Gosh, now that's a dream.
  That's probably the answer to one of these questions.
  What if you were in charge of Universal,  what would you do?  Jimmy Buffett robot.
  I don't agree with that.
  Interesting.
  Show scene where the slightly aloof assistant  you've known for two minutes  gets dropped into a pool to be eaten.
  Anybody got anything?  Well, this one is just for Jason.
  And I'm trying to, I just scrolled past six a minute yet.
  This is from at Ben Stans.
  What's Jason's favorite depression era food?  Even the Great Depression, not when I'm depressed, right?  Yeah, no, I think they're talking about  the Great Depression.
  Oh, hmm.
  That is a great question.
  Scrapple of depression era food.
  I was probably a luxury during the Depression.
  Well, soup and bread is hard to beat,  but this is actually a little pre-Depression,  but Philadelphia favorite, Goldenberg's peanut shoes,  which were originally made as a ration  for doughboys in the trenches,  troops in the trenches during World War I,  are a real favorite.
  It's just molasses and peanuts  and traditionally dark chocolate.
  You would eat it when you're on the front  and gives you a little energy boost.
  That became a favorite Philadelphia treat  and has really upped their game in recent years  with social media and publicity and stuff.
  And now you can get them in Los Angeles.
  Delicious and vegan.
  Wow.
  I am so impressed with the speed and dexterity  of that answer.
  I'm really glad.
 Always ready to go with a treat.
  That was asked.
  Let me keep looking here.
  I mean, how do you talk that?  I've got an Epcot one from Mark Miskovic.
  The directive is given to you  that you must replace one of the countries at Epcot  with a new country.
  Which country would you choose to get the ax  and what would get in?  I would nix Canada and replace it with India, says Mark.
  I feel like we can only comfortably say  get rid of United States or Canada.
  Yeah, get rid of United States.
  You can't say another.
  You can't say another.
  There's three white guys that are not allowed  to get rid of a non-white country.
  That's not gonna happen.
  I mean, obviously there's other European countries.
  Well, let's go, it certainly wouldn't be Mexico.
  It certainly wouldn't be Norway.
  I mean, some of them could get,  I'd rather give something an attraction  than like, it's not as if just the surroundings are so bad.
  I mean, how about, is Germany,  are we allowed to cancel Germany as white people?  Maybe, yeah, maybe.
  Because there's nothing going on in Germany.
  But what do you put in there?  I would love, I mean, it was pitch.
  It was real enough to be on one of the TV specials  with Alex Haley introducing it, right?  The Africa Outpost.
  Really?  Yeah, there was supposed to be a whole pavilion,  which it's crazy that it was for a whole continent.
  But I do think like,  Africa and the Middle East are underrepresented  countries with amazing,  regions with amazing cultures and food and everything.
  I think-  Wait, what's our ticket to, here's what it is.
  I don't know which country specifically  you would associate it with,  but how do you get Sinbad in there?  Interesting.
  Yes, yes.
  Part of me is a little bit like,  kind of wants it to stay just in Tokyo.
  I do kind of like that.
  It's kind of special that it's only there.
  You have to make the journey to see the journey.
  But I mean, the Morocco pavilion is very beautiful  and those restaurants are supposed to be very good.
  And if that Iran pavilion had ever been built,  I think it could have gone a big way  for like relations between the two countries.
  This is tough.
  All right, get rid of America.
  Get rid of the US pavilion.
  Mark Twain shaking hands with,  can you just leave them,  like put them on a barge out in the lake?  Move that show to the hall of presidents.
  That show is better than the hall of presidents.
  Oh yeah, absolutely.
  Swap those bad boys.
  Mm-hmm, good point.
  And then put in Australia.
  Rescuers Down Under.
  Yeah, rescuers, I need a ticket.
  Yeah, flying on the wing of eagle.
  Yeah, great.
  Yeah, a Soarin', that's, yeah.
  I don't know if anybody's asking for rescuers Down Under,  but it'll be good when you're on it.
  Yeah.
  You're gonna like it when you're on it.
  Tiny Soarin'.
  Yeah.
  I am getting more details  about this Jurassic World tiki bar.
  It's on the top of Jurassic Outfitters supposedly.
  Oh, because there's a second level.
  Oh yeah, that's a great idea.
  Yes.
  All right.
  Man, you guys can go there.
  I can meet you with one of those big crazy ice creams  they have only in Amon the Lower Lot.
  Oh yeah, yeah, those are good.
  That were closed when we were there.
  And I won't say this part,  but I do have a date for possibly the soft opening.
  Oh.
  Is it Lindsay?  No, no, no, no, no.
  Nailed it.
  Oh.
  That's you, Jason, of course.
  That's me, it's Jason and I.
  Here's one.
  Houston Barber on Twitter.
  If you were in charge of adding a new modern day scene  for Spaceship Earth to come after the Steve Jobs robot,  what would it be?  I've got it right away.
  You have to do innovators and inventors  and people who push the ball forward.
  It would be Del Close inventing the Herald.
  How near you?  We have a close robot.
  In a hoarder's apartment,  as Bob Odenkirk described when he went in there,  it was full of shit.
 With the iguana.
  It was in the middle of winter  and there was a busted window.
  It was just blowing freezing cold Chicago air  into his shitty apartment.
  Eating marijuana flour out of a cereal bowl with a spoon.
  Jesus.
  The story Bob Odenkirk tells is he saw Del Close.
  By the way, Del Close invented long form improvisation.
  He taught a lot of people like Bill Murray, Tina Fey,  Amy Poehler.
  Helen Arkin.
  The original ECB people.
  Yeah, Bob Odenkirk, I guess he was a kid  and he was interviewing people for a newspaper  and he ran into him in a bookstore and he was like,  hey, you're Del Close, can I interview  and get an interview from you?  And he goes, I love it.
  And then took him into his apartment  and then answered his questions.
  He told him to take a bite out of crime.
  Ah.
  Yeah, I remember him saying that the apartment was crazy  and he lived in this insane hobble  but he was also saying thing after thing  that would, I just remember Odenkirk's takeaway being,  I wanna be that age and have something  that I can't wait to do the next day.
  Because we're gonna do this where we flip this format  on its head and then we're gonna do this show  and we're gonna combine this with that.
  He was very into it still.
  Yeah, it ended up being a positive.
  I actually found that to be cool,  which I'm a big admirer of Odenkirk  and I think that is what he's like as,  well, that's a guy who's doing it  and relevant and current in his 50s.
  So that ended up being a nice story.
  Maybe we should attribute to Del Close.
  I mean, that's the story with anything.
  The actual act of doing, of writing or acting  or improv and stuff, the actual act of doing it  tends to still be pleasant.
  It's just the trappings that are around it  or the things you associate with your memories  and emotions is the baggage.
  I don't wanna just keep talking about this Bob Odenkirk  interview about Del Close on this theme park podcast,  but I really like in that interview,  he also talks about how when he went to Second City,  whoever was running Second City was giving him  the fantasy answer of, and then John Belushi got up  on stage and he was great and everyone loved him.
  There was no practicality to it,  whereas Del Close was like,  these are the steps and you're gonna be bad.
  He sort of walked him through it in a realistic way  where it made it less magical,  which honestly is something I needed somebody  to tell me when I was a kid,  because as a kid you think, oh, if you're talented,  you're talented and mostly it's just like grinding  through hard work to try to figure something out.
  He did so much better to hear that heroes are fallible.
  Every once in a while there's like a prince  or somebody who's like struck by lightning,  like no one will ever be as talented as that guy,  but it's not helpful to hear,  so how'd that guy get where he is?  Because he's the greatest ever to do it  and you will never, I love hearing any stories  of like fallibility of somebody who ended up being great  is the best.
  That's what Del gave him.
  So yeah, Del should be in Spaceship Earth for sure.
  Clearly, we have legitimate reasons for that.
  Oh, but now I feel gross, what a dorky,  we think Del Close.
  Would you rather have like Twitch streamer ninja dabbing?  Like would you rather have the Dolan twins in there  doing whatever it is they do?  Yeah, we need PewDiePie pioneering the,  God Jesus.
  Yeah.
  And early influencers filled the world  with compelling, enriching content.
  Olivia Jade is there.
  Olivia Jade is there.
  Laurie Laughlin's kid.
  I mean, I would love a Merrin animatronic  telling a Barack Obama animatronic  of how he almost got updated,  but he still hasn't got, even after talking to Lorne,  he still doesn't quite understand.
  The new Twain and Franklin shaking hands  is Obama and Merrin shaking hands.
  Nothing good happened after that scene in that ride though,  so I don't know what to put.
  I like the idea that there are robots  of Laurie Laughlin and Olivia Jade,  and then that's where you start going downhill,  and you turn it into a thrill ride.
  Now it's a plummet to the bottom of time.
  Yeah, one that spins and has an incline,  like Disney hasn't really done that yet,  but that's what it feels like.
  Yeah, you fall off a cliff at that moment.
  Accelerationism, the end of the ride is accelerationism.
  Everything's getting faster and faster,  and the human mind can't process it correctly.
  Watch whatever Paul, coming out of the suicide forest,  and then you see, and then.
  Ha ha ha, Logan, that was definitely Logan.
  And then it's a bigger,  you have to dig a basement in Spaceship Earth,  you go hundreds of feet into the ground.
  I was gonna, I'll say,  let's do a fantasy to the future look,  like they were trying to do with Carousel of Progress.
  Let's have, and we can put IP on it too,  the WALL-E people in the chairs.
  No, yes you are.
  Because that's technology, that's an innovation,  and now we got IP.
  You know what, I know my Epcot,  the nerd tradition answer is supposed to be,  don't touch Spaceship Earth, it's perfect,  the Da Vinci guy, if they just made that a WALL-E ride,  I'd be so happy.
  That'd be great.
  And then you get up to the space part,  and you're watching projections of them  playing in the stardust and all that.
  That'd be wonderful, I love WALL-E, that'd be better.
  I guess I'm becoming an IP guy.
  You're an IP man though.
  Apparently, I mean as long as they bring back  figment somewhere, I don't feel like keep Epcot  as it is decaying and hasn't been touched in decades.
  WALL-E ride in Spaceship Earth would be awesome actually.
  Yeah, I'm fine with that.
  Yeah, any other, no,  I'm good with my Spaceship Earth answer.
  That's great.
  Adam Framp from Instagram asked,  what would you want for a fifth gate in Florida?  And then he said Disney's Florida Adventure?  And of course, ha ha, that's not what we want,  we don't want that.
  Well, I would want the weird,  I would want like the Waukechi Springs,  Florida sideshow version of it.
  Sure.
  But I don't think the state of Florida  would be super fond of that.
  My answer for this is what had been rumored,  which I remember hearing back when I was 18  that this was on the table and I don't know,  I've seen it online too, so there must have been  some truth to somebody having this idea in the company.
  The Disney Villains thrill park.
  Yeah.
  That's with like Maleficent's Castle as opposed to the,  so it's a reverse, it's a negative version of Main Street.
  That always sounded like a cool way for them to do,  because you were feeling in the late 90s, early 2000s  that they're getting a little cheaper.
  But so for them to do, all right,  like a six-flags style park with less theming  would be cheaper, but the thrills would kind of counteract  that, that just seemed like a good,  like oh, that is what they should be doing  if they're trying to spend less money.
  I'm surprised it didn't happen.
  I am surprised it didn't happen as well.
  I mean, at this point, now we don't want the cheap version.
  We want the crazy e-ticket road coasters.
  And it doesn't even have to be a thrill park.
  But I think that the market, people love evil.
  People love haunts, people love horror.
  So give us the Disney version of it.
  And you could have the amount of Halloween events,  Halloween events year round,  you could throw in just this park alone.
  I really think it's a great idea.
  I would still like to see, I mean,  I've watched a few videos on it now,  and it's crazy that it got so far  to be in the promotional materials,  but the Beastly Kingdom part of Animal Kingdom  still looks great.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I'm very curious to see what that new Universal Park  is gonna be like.
  The theme park university had a whole like,  this might be interesting,  like a main street city walk hybrid  with the hotel at the end to not block the view  and like four different portals  that you pay for one ticket,  but you have to go back out to that main street  to get into each land.
  Like the idea of uprooting what we think of,  like how the parks are designed and function  is interesting to me if they can get away with it.
  Yeah, I agree.
  Beastly Kingdom, yeah, sounds awesome.
  Sure, sure.
  What do you think?  Disney Sea.
  I'm sorry, such a Disney Sea haze.
  Oh, I got this.
  Disney Swamp.
  It's essentially the same,  but the water's all green and brown.
  Swampy shitty water like in Florida.
  I got a little distracted by this one,  which I think is,  do I know my history well enough to answer this,  but I like the question.
  Peter Page asks,  best five year run of a creative group.
  Universal 2010 to 2014 had Diagon and Hogsmeade.
  Disney 92 to 96 had DLP Tower and Indiana Jones.
  My vote is Disney 70, 71 Pirates Mansion and Disney World.
  I think for us, the Baxter run of,  Big Thunder, Star Tours, Splash Mountain.
  But you gotta go five years.
  Oh, five years, shit.
  So I think you gotta include the famous Breck Eisner moment  where both Star Tours and Splash got approved.
  I think Disneyland was at its best.
  A lot of great stuff.
  What would my years be on that?  Is it like 84 to 89?  A ton of stuff that looms really large to me.
  That's when all the Star Tours is happening.
  I think we're about to hit another five year thing.
  It feels like five years for both companies.
  We're at the start of very big fives.
  Whenever, whatever would overlap with Radiator Springs  and the general improvements of California Adventure,  I think a fantastic run.
  That culminates in 2012, all of that opening, I think,  but stuff gradually started in 2010, 2011.
  Can you find a five year window  that also then intersects with Avatar and?  The mid 2010s have been pretty strong.
  I followed Disneyland stuff.
  Growing up on the East Coast, I followed it so rarely,  only when it was in specials or the magazines and stuff.
  But for me as a kid from 89,  89 was opening of MGM Studios, right?  89 to 94, where you saw Tomorrowland 94,  like that Tomorrowland.
  Yeah, that's a good cap of it.
  Lots of stuff opening in Florida,  lots of hotels opening.
  Toontown, which came out of the gate pretty strong.
  What else is early 90s?  Honestly, when they built all those 90s hotels,  that's a dorky answer,  but Yacht and Beach Club, Grand Floridian,  Swan and Dolphin, they're all really cool.
  We love the Boardwalk Hotel.
  Strong 90s hotels in addition to the theme parks.
  I think Maelstrom you'd put in that run too.
  That's a good one.
  That's a little generic,  but I think you gotta put Baxter in there.
  I think the Baxter or when Disney World opened  that five-year chunk.
  Sure, sure.
  I remember, I'm just reporting news  from other theme park podcasts,  but I wanted the Jim Hill podcast.
  I think he reported that Breck Eisner  was going to be directing the creature from the Black Lagoon  in the original Dark Universe.
  Whoa.
  Huh.
  But obviously that fell apart  and now it's Blumhouse for those characters.
  Boy, that could have been fun.
  All right, well let's get one or two more.
  Yeah.
  Let's see here.
  Somebody just said Stollywood,  which we haven't been through yet.
  How many, okay here is a quick one.
  How many of those cute waddle plushes  are you planning on buying when Galaxy's Edge opens?  One.
  I'll say one.
  Reasonable answer.
  They're pretty tiny, right?  Like they're little guys.
  You know what, I've been looking at a lot  of the pre-opening press and stuff and I'm like,  I don't know what souvenirs I really need from here.
  I think the Toy Darien, like the toys that look  like they were hand sewn look pretty cool,  but I don't know if I would get anything.
  Maybe if there's like metal desk stuff.
  I don't know, I try to buy.
  Do you want a nice paperweight or a pen set?  I almost said paperweight  and then I knew you would roast my ass.
  Either something has to be really pleasing  to my aesthetics to buy at a theme park now  or needs to also serve a practical purpose.
  I'll take the black spire outpost,  three hole punch please.
  Michael, when was the last time you used a three hole punch?  I, not me, it's for you.
  It's all PDFs now, baby.
  I like to print it out.
  I like to hold the paper in my hand.
  I remember film school professors saying like,  make sure to have a box of brads at home, right?  That's what they're called to put scripts together.
  Which if you bought one then,  you still have all those brads today.
  2007.
  I have those things like that, like Q-tips instead,  where you like, well, the one,  the package that I bought 15 years ago  is still what I have.
  So if they have Q-tips, I'll get to Galaxy.
  Oh, great, yeah, get some toiletries.
  We got a good final one.
  I've got one.
  What, okay.
  Is this final, is this a good final one?  Yeah, I think so.
  Oh, okay, good.
  Wins, Winsstinius on Instagram.
  What's the single theme park experience you want to have,  but have not yet?  Be it a ride or exclusive club or walk off  or for Jason some tasty treat.
  Okay, well, I do have other interests.
  So.
  But my answer would probably be.
  Contain multitudes.
  Eating at Victoria Albert at the Grand Luridie.
  Uh huh.
  Yeah.
  I mean, it's tough.
  There's too many.
  There's not one.
  Obviously just Dollywood in general  is pretty high up there.
  But like going on Mystic Manor in Hong Kong,  I think about often.
  There was an extra park there to really entice it,  entice me to go there.
  You just had to deal with the city of Hong Kong.
  Well, and that'll be fun too.
  I just like knowing there's like an extra,  because Disney Sea is such a great thing.
  And then Disney, like.
  Yeah, it needs more.
  Because Tokyo, Hong Kong is just such a like,  they're building it up now.
  In a couple of years,  I think it'll be a little more special.
  Yeah, I think it's a trip you do in a decade or something.
  It's a little chintzy.
  At least it had been for years.
  Tron's out there for me.
  Tron looks good.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  And soon at Disney World.
  But soon.
  But now I'm also trying to think off of,  getting off of rides and what's just like,  transcendent experience.
  We got to do Club 33 that we,  hey, we've been having some good ones.
  Yeah, talk to Tony Baxter.
  Club 33, it's like so many have been checked.
  Yeah.
  Thanks, podcast.
  Yeah, I guess like working an hour on like Haunted Mansion  or something would be like.
  You want to work a shift?  I want to work a shift in a Haunted Mansion.
  I would like.
  Fish some ashes out of there, Mike.
  Yeah, that's.
  Somebody dumped ashes again.
  I would like to go in all of those locked buildings  we were not taken into at Disney Imagineering.
  Like we saw the public face.
  We saw the lobbies in the manor,  hallway in the cafe, in the store.
  But I want to see those square.
  I'll sign NDAs.
  I would like to lead a team of Imagineers building a ride.
  Is that rude?  Does that count?  I'd like to be in charge.
  I guess that's partly.
  Well, I still haven't been to Japan.
  So I got all Japan.
  You got to go to Japan.
  I'm not sure.
  I think this, this second gate episode  will have come out by now,  but you will have, if you check out the second gate,  and please do, you may have heard about my fondness  for the Pan Galactic pizza port and Tony Solaroni.
  If I could spend, if I could do a full loop  of that experience in Tony Solaroni's chair,  just let me sit up there for 20 minutes.
  With like a jelly, a jelly drink,  a jelly sparkling drink or whatever they sell.
  Sure, that sounds nice.
  They got those alien mochis there.
  So just give me, give me a handful of mochis  and let me, let me experience what Tony Solaroni experiences.
  Japan is light years ahead of us  when it comes to treats and snacks.
  Unbelievable.
  My final idea is that we could record a live podcast  of Cosmic Rays on the stage with Sonny Eclipse.
  That's pretty good.
  That would be great.
  I mean, it's never gonna happen.
  Sure, I mean, just the other day,  one of the Disney executives was talking about,  the nice thing about owning Fox now is like,  the characters in West Side Story can smoke.
  We can't do that with the Disney smoking ban.
  And it's just like, what are you talking about?  What is going on?  So yeah, that's a real pipe dream  to let us foul mouse on the stage at a Disney restaurant.
  Yeah, we'd clean it up, but the reputation.
  I mean, we did a legitimate run  of his backwards planet names that was not even,  I mean, there was some reference to, you know,  to Lynn Bodden and some dark stuff, but we'd clean it up.
  I find Sonny Eclipse's comedy legitimately funny.
  I find Tony Solaroni funny as well.
  So yeah, we can, we'll play in there.
  We'll play ball.
  Yeah.
  We can play ball.
  I just, you gotta convince the sharp pencil boys  in Burbank, cause they say.
  Well, you know what, here's one more.
  I want Cranium Command to come back  and I want us to be some of the body parts.
  Oh, sure.
  Us and some of our favorites.
  You get a Mundy in there, you get a Bugsy in there.
  Oh yeah.
  He's like the bad, he's like,  the bad devil.
 I'm the bad thoughts  that you hide all the way in the back of your brain.
  Maybe you should just go masturbate  instead of going to school.
  I might should go nut a little while.
  Have you seen the squid in the whale?  This isn't gonna help us get Disney on our side.
  Oh, you're right.
  Yeah, yeah.
  This foul Cranium Command.
  All right.
  Well, that was fun.
  That was fun.
  Geez, keep sending questions.
  And you know, we keep a document also where all of these go.
  We don't just do the Twitter bum rushes.
  So email us at podcastsorad.
gmail.
com,  especially with the subject heading post office.
  And then we'll know how to sort them.
  And with that, you've survived Podcasts the Ride.
  This is a real fun grab bag, I think.
  It's always a fun grab bag over on the second gate  at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  And as a fun grab bag of merchandise  at our T public store.
  And check out our Instagram and our Twitter.
  Phil, is anything else you'd?  Live show, June 7th.
  June 7th.
  June 7th, yeah.
  See you there.
  Yeah, bye bye.
  All right, talk to you next time.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bowen, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  Engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
