 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains message board madness, raving plush, text chain conflict  resolution and a very thorough yet adorable examination of Duffy the Disney Bear featuring  an interview with All Elite Wrestling's Brandy Rhodes.
  Aww, it's podcast the ride.
  Welcome to podcast the ride, the theme park podcast created by Minnie Mouse to keep you  company while you're at sea.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always Jason Sheridan.
  Did you have the same joke if you were to do the joke?  I have a different Duffy specific joke.
  I almost joked that you were created by Minnie Mouse to keep me company at sea.
  That's cute.
  Why did you use that joke?  Well, because it's too clunky when you're doing the intro because I was like, well,  I'm Mike Carlson and then it's this is Jason Sheridan and it's like, you want to say what  the podcast is anyway, this is now clunky.
  Oh yeah, because it has to be the show.
  Why would it not be?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I guess we'll let sleeping dogs lie again.
  That's Scott Garner talking.
  That's correct, Ty.
  And then over on this couch, returning guest, good friend of the podcast, my Shelly May  is how I refer to her.
  You know her, Lindsay K.
 Ty from Teen Creeps podcast and what do you want to talk about  the writing?  Infinity Train.
  I think we talked about it before.
  We still don't know when it's coming out, but we'll just keep talking about it.
  Inching ever closer to being, this is you've been in this death march of non-release of  show that you it seems like will be a wonderful show.
  Yeah, death march of like waiting for it to happen, but joy march of working.
  Oh, no.
 Yes.
 The work is not a death march.
  Yeah.
 You've had years where Christmas never comes.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Many years without a Christmas.
  Yeah, that is what it's like.
  Hopefully Christmas is in.
  Or it's like I'm a mother who's just been steadily buying Christmas for presents for  my children and not giving them to them on a daily basis.
  Yes.
  Almost like you're just making tons of travel teddy bears, but no one goes off on a voyage  at sea.
  Much like that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Or imagine if I just kept creating characters in the Duffy universe and then never told anyone  about them.
  I think not allowed or wouldn't make sense if you talked about it.
  Cartoon Network won't let me yet, which is weird because Duffy.
  Well, I was going to say we're going to get to a point.
  First of all, we're talking Duffy the Disney bear today, which is a very important topic  that I've wanted to do since day one.
  And everyone said, no, why?  And I said, no, we have to do this.
  But it's actually better because now we've sort of saved up a lot of capital and it would  have been a weird thing to do in the first 10.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But now now here we are.
  Yeah.
  Hopefully Bill is talk about whatever.
  If you slowly turn up the heat on a frog, they don't know they're boiling.
  I guess that is I guess that is correct.
  That's what we're doing to the listeners.
  But I'm happy you did it post me going to Tokyo because Tokyo does help you understand  Duffy.
 Yeah, that's slightly more somewhat more and contextualize him a little bit.
  Absolutely.
 Even though where you saw him was not his original home.
  No, it's just where he has caught fire.
  He has caught fire.
  Real quick, though, before we launch into Duffy, there's a little show business that  we were just talking about via text a couple of days ago.
  And I feel like I didn't really think this.
  I just feel like we should talk about it now before we go.
  I was I woke up really stressed that day and I was trying to be funny and it just got out  of hand.
 That's what I assumed.
  No, I'm not trying to.
  I just said it's good for the it's just good to sometimes let the audience in on some of  our so bad.
  I haven't really seen anyone.
  I'm not trying to shame you.
  I'm just talking about it in a very public, recorded way.
  To be fair to me, I said, let's talk about it on the show on the text.
  So it wasn't like you said that.
  Yeah.
 And you didn't say like, oh, no, I saw you for a little longer.
  I only I saw Scott the other night for a few minutes.
  But we were at a bar and I didn't want and everyone seemed like it was having a nice  time and I didn't want to talk about this.
  So we didn't have to.
 We felt very guilty.
  Accords.
 Well, before with all that build up, Mike, explain what happened or Jason  would like to know.
  No, I.
 Yeah.
  Well, it's a home for days.
  You were already called a teddy bear given to company people on a journey at sea.
  You've gotten some fluffy.
  I've gotten some fluffy praise.
  I was going to say my joke is that this is the theme park podcast of happiness and  luck, which is a different Duffy specific.
  That's like his nickname, essentially.
  Go ahead with dragging my ass.
  OK, no, I just I just want to give a little bit of a little peek.
  So, yeah.
 So we were talking just because, look, Galaxy's Edge is coming up.
  The opening is coming up.
  We have our time.
 We know when we're going.
  We're just discussing like we're obviously going to cover this on the show.
  We're going to do show segments.
 Sure.
  And so we're just discussing like how we were going to do it.
  And we're going to be in the in the park with a bunch of friends of the show,  Lindsey included.
 Yes.
  So it's maybe an opportunity to, you know, get some some live or right  right after response and such.
 Right.
  So we were just sort of talking it through via text on our text chain.
  And then Scott brought up, which I think he's brought up before, you know, little  loves we could have little love mics, record a little audio in the in the actual  park.
 So you brought it up.
  Well, maybe I did.
 I don't.
  I thought you brought it up first.
  And that's why I said what I did, because I thought it was going to be a thing  where I was where I was like, this is one of my schemes.
  So this is going to be funny.
  Well, I had such a big reaction.
  What are my schemes for recording the podcast content for our podcast?  But for doing something we have never we haven't done before.
  It's not like it's a trademark of our podcast.
  Trying to make an episode.
  All right.
 What do we what happened? What happened?  Well, I think Scott's the one introduced it on the chick as he says, well,  I'm going to get loves, I think that might help us record without lugging  shit around.
 And I said, yeah, I have some to somewhere.
  Let me look for those.
  I said, like, we could end up recording like 30 minutes just standing in the line  with the loves.
  And then you said, yeah, you are talking about some other stuff.
  And then Jason says, you want to record in the line?  I think we leave all that shit in the car.
  And then I was anticipating this because we brought up  what if we recorded at City Walk during the City Walk saga  and you flipped the fuck out?  That was number two crazy.
  It all fair.
  And like we didn't know.
  We had no media contact.
  We hadn't started the Patriot.
  We were still, you know, in our, you know, in our infancy.
  If we had been stripped of our right to have a Patriot,  we would have been caught by an 18 year old security guard.
  We still knew still figuring out we still we had to go.
  I concern with that.
 We would get yelled at at City Walk.
  We had to go back like 10 more times.
  This time again, I I I thought again,  I thought Mike was bringing this up and I thought like, this will be funny.
  I'm responding to Mike.
  The reaction the first time you brought when the City Walk thing came up  was enough that when I brought up, I did.
  Here's my confession.
  I had a sidebar with Mike about this before any of this  because I knew you were going to freak out.
  So because the first the City Walk one went so bad,  the idea of recording in a setting.
  So thus we had had a sidebar.
  I think maybe we should record a little something.
  I will breach it with Jason later.
  This was the later.
 Yeah, right.
 Right.
 Right.
  Jason did not disappoint because.
  Texts within text.
 So, yeah, I forgot that.
  Also, not to set this up anymore.
  My response was like my second or third option.
  Oh, well, we should hear what those are.
  Or maybe not.
 You think about it.
  So then I said I was explaining like recording line would be fun.
  And I you said you don't want to just do it the first time.
  Talking about going into Star Wars land.
  And I explained like, well, I think standing outside early in Disneyland,  if maybe it's a nightmare, maybe it's interesting, maybe people are like,  you know, lining us up weird or the whole process is a nightmare.
  And it'd be funny if we're describing that and we're  the listener would be on the journey with us.
  And then Jason went counterpoint.
 You are wrong.
  My first reaction, which I did not tell you, was Jesus, really.
  Well, that's we got the message from that.
 Yeah.
  So from the much harsher.
  I like you are wrong better than I do.
 Jesus, really?  Yeah.
 Well, there's like a grandeur to you are wrong.
  I didn't think that I sincerely I sincerely didn't think so.
  And I'll tell you, Scott, I had a sidebar with Mike after that, where I went.
  It appears I have once again spoken too quickly.
  Like so many problems in my life I have caused.
  Why? Whether I meant to or not being glib.
  I think I figured all this out quickly.
  You know, my my mom taught me back in AOL instant messenger days  how text can read so much harsher than you intend it to be read.
  And I was just telling her not about this, about another thing, how that is.
  That is true to this day with a Facebook status or a or a text.
  You never know.
  I think it's why it's important to air things out in person.
  That's a counterpoint.
  You are wrong seemed like, wow, that is.
  But I also was loaded for bear because I knew you were.
  I you have a you have a problem, I think, with recording in a public.
  It less so because as Mike eventually this goes on for a while.
  Yeah, I don't want to give away  because there's some other stuff in it that would give away some surprises.
  But I I got once Mike and I were there the day a new ice cream place opened.
  And it looks like fucking Errol Morris or Alex  Gibney was shooting a documentary, people there with so much equipment  to shoot like, hey, fam, this is pretty good.
  Like it's just massive amounts of equipment.
  I was like, oh, they might give less of a shit than that.
  I think they do.
 Sure.
  Hey, I feel you.
 I don't.
  I'm not a strong man.
  I don't want to lug a bunch of wires and shit around.
  But that's why I'm talking about a little just the thinnest.
  No, I and I'm I'm on, you know, I like I said, I was like, you know what?  I think I had a bit of an intense first reaction.
  I'm on board.
  I, you know, we'll we'll do it.
  It'll be fine.
  But I think I was just thinking about like the the article.
  Still, the articles keep coming of like record crowds like, oh, yeah.
  Police said like a void.
  No, it's going to be insane.
  It's crazy that we're that we're we're doing it.
  But but like, hey, you know, it's an option.
  It's to have the option.
 Sure.
  I do have a question, Jason, which is  if you had to do out loud how you intended counterpoint,  you are wrong to be read because it was my delivery.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I think it was less harsh, like counterpoint.
  You're wrong.
  I mean, that sounds very lying.
  You typed out in all caps, you are wrong.
  No, it wasn't OK.
  I know there was a lot of it wasn't all caps.
  Oh, but I can see that being an interpretation.
  I think the volume of your voice, Michael,  made me think it was in all caps.
  And I was like, I think he read it exactly how it should have been.
  I think we're all three of us given to hyperbole occasionally.
  Sure.
 I do think and I'm you.
  I'm used to your glibness in general,  but I will say four or five minutes you riled me up pretty good.
  I was like, really?  Yeah, we both were going like, well, what do you mean?  But it would be we're both in a flurry.
  I was shocked.
  Lurie of text messages.
  I thought the reaction would be like, oh, old man, Jason's grumpy again.
  Like I know I was like, oh, man, I I.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So for me, it's because it was a sequel to the city walk  because, oh, that was a text thing, too.
  Because I was a text thing.
  Yeah, I said, like, oh, maybe we could record one in the in this in City Walk.
  And then I didn't check my phone for 45 minutes.
  And then I came back to like 70 texts with every possible reason  why this would have been a bad idea.
  I've blocked that out.
 I remember that.
  So yes, we've all also put our phones down at some point  and then come back to the other two having an hour long conversation.
  Usually not that charged, though, usually boring logistics.
  So, yeah, so officially on the record, we don't want to drag this out.
  Officially on the record, you are open to lot.
  Jason's holding his head in his hand.
  He is squinting as if he has a headache.
  But I am embarrassed and I have learned my lesson.
  Wow.
  Geez.
 Well, a moment of humility, which is no, I think this was all  I think it all got away from us.
  But, you know, I think my mom's lesson rings true.
  Your mom's lesson is right.
  I it's it is not honestly, it's not the first time recently  where my too brief texting style has gotten me in trouble.
  Really? And I don't want to expound on that.
  Oh, sure.
 A counterpoint.
  You are wrong to your dad.
  I know you won't be speaking for.
  I know he's he's had a lifetime of the glibness and I had to get it from somewhere.
  At least 50 percent of it from somewhere.
  I was going through my text to try to find something indicative of mine  and Kelly's conversations, Kelly, my cohost for Teen Creeps.
  We were trying to kind of tweak the description of our podcast.
  So it's like a little more open to covering like movies and other stuff like that.
  Maybe not just books going forward.
  And so here's how that went.
  I think that works.
 Me too.
 Nice.
 Thank you.
 Awesome.
  I really appreciate you doing this.
  We got each other's back.
  We've never said that.
  I don't think so.
  Kelly and I are constantly texting one another.
  I really appreciate you.
  Not just like you doing that.
 I appreciate you.
  That's very nice.
 To be fair to us, though, if this were doughboys,  it would have been Connor Point.
  You were wrong.
 You fucking idiot.
  That would have been on the podcast discussion of each other's dick sizes  and the ability to suck your own dick.
  Dicks would have been more at play.
  So I feel like we're in the middle as far as podcasts.
  It's been on the table for sucking.
 Yeah.
  So all right.
 Well, no, but look what a nice.
  I think it ended up very, very sweet.
  Like your text conversation.
  You're all amenable boys.
  It just goes to show sometimes good boys go bad.
  Well, now, with that being said, that means that like tune in near  the galaxy's edge opening time because you may hear us live  in the park with some special guests or maybe not, because maybe it's  too stressful or not interesting or it just doesn't sound  or after all of this wrong.
  Or after all of this talk, both Mike and I see somebody  we think is a security guard out of the corner of our eye  and then like panic jump and like eat the mic.
  Again, swallow it.
 It's the only way out.
  I watched someone like to go through security recently with like so much equipment.
  I watched someone go through with like  cigarillos and having to assure people like, no, it's just so there's no no.
  There's no weed.
 No, we didn't go to.
  No, it's just cigarillos.
  And I'm like, that's the kind you buy to put weed in.
  But yeah, but like so, so much equipment.
  I think as long as you are willing to open your bag and take it all out,  they they honestly don't care.
  It does sound like you're more concerned about pain in the ass  than you are about like being caught or being a problem.
  I think we all have different levels of tolerance for crowd.
  Mike handles crowds best.
  I'm in the middle.
  And I think, Scott, you do not like crowds.
  I'll say that.
 Yes.
  I'll own that.
  And I am kind of like, huh?  No crowd queen.
  No crowd queen.
 Yes.
  For filling in a queen for me.
 Yep.
  Lizzie, how do you feel about do you think you've gotten better  being with Mike for so long?  Can you tolerate a crowd lover like me?  I would like to state for the record once again that I have been a Disney kid  my entire life.
  This is not something that Mike has forced on me.
  That's not what I'm saying.
  And no, I'm just saying that I am good with crowds.
  And it was not something that my boyfriend had to make me better at.
  OK.
 I hear what you're saying.
  I feel like I've already been owned plenty.
  You don't have to dig in.
  No, I just saw it.
  I've never had a problem.
 I'm kidding.
  Well, hey, crowds is a different issue, I feel, than theme parks,  because Mike is all you seemingly are always in a crowd.
  If you weren't here, you're like chasing crowds.
  I have to say I'm good with theme park crowds and very bad with concert crowds.
  What about Comic Con crowds?  I mean, very bad with Comic Con.
  Yeah, we've been in some rough crowd.
  Yeah, I'm always fine with a theme park crowd, though.
  Yeah.
 I don't know why that is.
  My dad just trained me.
  He's just so good at black and theme parks just blocks out  the surrounding like noise and stuff.
  That's my answer.
 If like somebody has the knee jerk  where you like theme parks a lot, don't you hate the crowds?  And the answer is I don't pay attention to it.
  I actually can't see past it, but I can't.
  I can if it's a concert I really like.
  If it's a concert I was on the fence about, I can't handle it done.
  Cons, no.
  The cues are so well planned.
  And so I know that I will.
  There's a clear route for getting to the thing  I'm trying to get to as opposed to Comic Con, where it's like  I have to throw myself into a rush of people to get to a table  where I then have to like try to maneuver myself to the front of.
  So it's just like that's stressful.
  There's no there's there are no light at the end of the day.
  Yeah, there's no.
 Yeah.
  There are no guaranteed ways to get anywhere.
  Sort of true a little in that Coachella zone.
  Like, obviously, there is ultimately the stage.
  But when you're leaving, it's like I need to go be alone for two months.
  I need to not be in a public place.
  This is so stressful.
  I will say this to Warren Lindsay, and you gentlemen also should go to this.
  Bruce Springsteen just announced he wrote a full East Street Band album  a couple of months or two ago.
  So there will be another East Street Band tour.
  So prepare for the pit is what I'm saying to you now.
  I'm a less sleepy person than the last concert.
  That's true.
 I'm a different person.
  That's true.
 In general, or just on the.
  Well, that's a whole.
 Actually.
  OK, that's a whole nother story.
  But long story short, we went to a Springsteen concert  and you were very sleepy and about an hour and 45 minutes in.
  You were like, I got to go sit down and then cut to three hours  because Bruce plays, you know, a very long time, even in his 60s.
  Cut to three hours later, you were like, well, it's the encore.
  I better I'm going to rally.
  We're going to do born to run.
 We're going to do all of it.
  I had been standing at the back of the crowd the whole rest of their  or the back of the floor the whole rest of the time.
  And I'm like, I'm coming back in.
  I'm up as like close as possible when he's doing his speeches.
  And I'm like tearing up at all the time where you like  touched his hand or something.
  I went to a show two days before that without you.
  And that's when I touched his leg because he's crowd surfed over me.
  And that was very it was a religious experience.
  Yeah.
 So anyway, so prepare for that.
  We don't we have so much stuff to get to.
  We don't need to hash out all this crowd talk.
  Yeah, we got to get to like talking about boring.
  We got to get to Mike's eight year long sickness.
  You have the crowd in your brain of bears and links and  another in the genre.
  If we if we package these, you know,  if there was a mini genre within the show,  one might be episodes where you are so stressed out  because you have 40 tabs open.
 Yes.
  I have to remember that at this point, there's been like  at least like eight or nine of them.
  You have and I can imagine this is one stuffed animals next year.
  Yeah.
 So so yeah, I'll start by Jason.
  Somebody paint a picture of what's going on behind me.
  There are let me do it because I don't know their names.
  All right.
 Great.
 This three bears.
  One is a cat.
 One is not a bear.
 It's a cat.
  I guess I know three bears.
 One is a cat.
  There's three bears.
  The interesting thing about one of the bears is a cat and they are of different  variety.
 It's OK.
 It seems like the female bear.
  And I think I know their names.
  But let me just say the female bear  and the cat are normal.
  Male bear Duffy, obviously,  is in a sombrero with Mickey ears on it.
  And then there's a little bird in the sombrero.
  The bird is wearing like a backpack or a knapsack and then also a hat.
  Yes, that's right.
  And they're all sitting.
  There's somebody else in there, too.
  Oh, I missed that.
  Oh, and then a tiny little chef dog.
  That's right.
 So proud that I remembered who that was just now.
  I couldn't see it from my.
  So these are Duffy's friend, Duffy and his friends.
  Duffy and friends.
  Duffy is the bear.
  His female bear is Shelly May.
  Can I try to name them?  Yeah, please.
 OK.
  Duffy, boy bear, Shelly May, girl bear,  Jelatoni, cat bear,  tippy blue bird bear and Cookie  cook bear.
 That's right.
  Very good.
 A gift from a listener, Cookie.
  Yeah.
 Who is a Hong Kong exclusive?  Yes.
 At the moment, at the moment.
  And where does tippy blue factor in?  I mean, there's probably some order rhyme or reason, but who just tippy  boot belong to one of them or?  Well, he's a bird mailman.
  He delivers stuff.
 He's with the knapsack.
  Yeah, he has a little knapsack and he's the bird mailman.
  And he is in Cape Cod.
  He's the Cape Cod bird mailman.
  In case you don't know what we're talking about, these are characters  that are all basically plush specific Disney parks characters.
  They don't really appear in any TV, like TV or movies or anything.
  They appear in like shows in like Tokyo, Disney and Paris.
  They appear on the in-room channel at the hotels.
  They used to.
 Oh, is that over?  I think it's over because I watched it today.
  And at the very end of that in-room loop, it says there's a whole big thing.
  Come see Duffy at Epcot.
  And that ended a few years ago.
  So now they could do the story without that tag, but I'm not 100 percent sure.
  I see.
 So Disney World.
  They were on the hotel TV.
  They were on the hotel TV.
  You used to have the power to edit.
  We may never know.
  We may know.
  There's also a bear making the show, filming it, boom, making it.
  I mean, there's it's a long sock like Duffy has multiple origin stories.
  Yeah.
 So so yeah.
  So basically synergy being one of them.
  The true one.
 The true one.
  He yes.
 So basically he was into what is a 2002.
  He was just created and he was the Disney bear.
  His name was not Duffy.
  He was just available at Disney World's downtown Disney once upon a toy shop.
  And he was an exclusive there.
  There's also word for like there were there were different color versions of Duffy,  but when he was not called Duffy as well, and you can find those on eBay,  there's like lavender, Duff, pre Duffy, Duffy for like three hundred dollars.
  I was going to say how expensive are those now?  I have not been on any of them.
  I just want to let everyone know  that's not on my radar yet.
  You're busy with your beanie baby purchases.
  Yes.
 I want Tabasco the Bull and Garcia.
  I want to Mint Garcia.
  That's what I've been looking for.
  The tie dye bear.
  Also, we need to do a second gate on Ty Warner, the beanie baby man.
  Oh, really? Who created it?  I don't know.
 I hope so.
  OK.
 I thought you knew something.
  It just feels ripe.
  I don't know.
 I can just get a sense that it's going to be good.
  Just like we're going to do that Robert Earl episode eventually.
  Oh, yeah.
 Sure.
 Sure.
  Yes.
 You can just tell.
  As long as I'm careful with my words to not slander.
  That's true.
  Well, I've had a lawyer listen to the Robert Earl episode.
  We'll get the prosecutor from the Alki Davis case.
  Oh, boy.
 Oh, yeah.
  If you remember lots of episodes ago, the man who runs the hologram  theater in Los Angeles, I sort of implied that he was kind of a shady guy.
  And I was worried there'd be legal ramifications for me doing that  on our podcast.
 People did not really listen to you at that point.
  Anyway, that guy's getting sued for lots of money.
  The suit is over.
 He is the court.
  He owes lots of money.
  Yeah, like tens of millions of dollars, which and he was incredibly sexist  during the trial.
  Like just like you woman to the attorney.
  He's a he's not a good man.
  Business man, you say was acting this way.
  A businessman whose money is it's not clear where it comes from.
  And who owns many businesses that you've never heard of  that involve like CBD and also has a theater on Hollywood Boulevard.
  This doesn't add up.
  No, no, none of it's making sense.
  Anyway, I have no regrets about what I said about the hologram.
  The theater man anyway.
  So yeah, back to Duffy.
  So then in 2005 is basically or no, excuse me.
  2004 is when they gave him his name, Duffy.
  They gave him a sailor suit and a backstory.
  He wasn't named until 2004.
  Yeah, because he was a real.
  It was a real like short run like of him in 2002 as that exclusive.
  You know why they did this?  It was just why don't we have a bear?  Tokyo wanted.
  Well, Tokyo, yeah, you wanted something.
  Well, I think at the time in 2002, it seemed like they wanted  to get a little bit of that.
  The old bear shine.
  Yeah, right.
  Yeah.
 Which is very funny because for a long time in downtown Disney  in Anaheim, there was a build a bear location.
  So at one point in time, they were trying to sell Duffy  and his costumes in the park and at downtown Disney, they were had build a bear  with other Disney costumes.
  And he said, so you should be building the bears.
  Yeah.
 And raking money.
  The rent money is not enough.
  We can't trust you jokers to build these bears.
  You're building them wrong.
  We're building them.
 Yeah.
  So 2004, they have now added a backstory and a sailor suit  and a sailor suit.
  Well, very important.
  It becomes very important to where he lives and where his prominent home now.
  Yeah.
 So then then that's sort of around.
  2005 is when they start really like  pumping them up in Tokyo and end in.
  But in Florida, they were calling him my first Disney bear.
  And it said, giving him out as the boy substitute toy  at the perfectly princess tea party at Disney's Grand Floridian Resort.
  So for your son, we have this handsome boy substitute toy.
  Yeah.
 Daddy, I love my boy substitute toy.
  There's also around that, like they at one.
  There's a story where it's like Duffy was brought to life by Tinkerbell,  which was retconned.
 So, yeah.
  So Duffy has had a couple of origin stories, the first one being  Tinkerbell just created him out of Mickey's face.
  So you can see Mickey like you see, like in the shape of Duffy's fur.
  It looks like Mickey Mouse is like the Mickey or something.
  I didn't I didn't know that the lighter part of his fur.
  Yes.
 Is it is a Mickey?  Right.
 So taking her cues from the movie Face Off, she created a bear  in a similar way.
  Like she traced it like Trace Off.
  She just as many doves flying around in the process.
  But that was boring, I guess they thought.
  And they wanted to make something much more dynamic.
  And if you didn't know what I was talking about at the  joke with that joke at the start, the or now still official origin  is that many sewed Duffy together for Mickey,  who is, of course, a captain, a sea captain.
  And Duffy was made to keep him company while he was at sea.
  Yes.
 So when?  Yeah.
 When did he become a sea captain?  This is new information to me.
  Documented in the storybook you could buy, but also in the in room  hotel channel where you can watch the Duffy, the Disney Bear Bedtime Story  that plays pretty much every like 12 minutes on a loop around bedtime.
  So I my family went down to Disney World like in 2012,  and we're flipping through like when we get in, you know,  we're flipping through the TV channels and there's the resort,  the loop that we love so much about everything to do.
  And then we're like, what the fuck is this channel?  What is we love?  Our two loops.
 We love it.
  That's a final four in the future.
 Our favorite.
 Oh, yeah.
  I like 87 when Pleasure Island opened.
 Strong loop.
  But then there's a loop with just this Duffy bedtime story,  which is a mother reading to her children this story,  which, as Mike has indicated, does include the the line.
  Mickey is a sea captain, so naturally he spends a lot of time on the ocean.
  Naturally, as you do  when when being a sea captain.
  Yeah, he is.
  Well, it seems like they're using the origin of Mickey  in their like narrative of Tokyo, Disney Sea.
  So in that world, Mickey, you know, like Mickey loves the sea,  like his life and his love and also his lady.
  Right.
 He told me that his love is the sea.
  You can't settle down with her.
  And so for some reason, instead, she made him a bear.
  Yes.
 To keep him company.
  And then he's a slutty.
  Nobody's worried.
  Well, he has his crew, but it's lonely out on sea.
  So when he's home, sick, who's on his crew?  Well, never explained.
  Probably criminals, people hiding from the law.
  Scientologists.
  Yes, Scientologists career.
  Longshoremen.
 The master.
  Walking.
  Lori Loughlin's daughters.
  Olivia Jade's out there influencing.
  Yeah, the prisoners.
  So yeah, so that's that was quietly his origin.
  Now, at this point in the story, I mean, there's probably things I'm forgetting.
  But at this point in the story, it's 2000.
  I'm trying to think when I first go to Disneyland at 2007 or eight or nine.
  And we all I think have a similar thing.
  A California adventure.
  There is all of a sudden a Duffy presence and you have signs.
  And there is a character, a walk around character for a while.
  And I think we've mentioned this in the show before, but everyone was saying  who the fuck is Duffy?  What? Who is this?  Much like Mickey being a sea captain.
  It's just here it is.
  You know, it's it's it felt like the we started seeing ads for Mordecai.
  Hey, here he is.
 It's Mordecai.
  What? What do you mean? I don't know.
  I don't know who that is.
 We all know him.
  Yeah.
 Oh, when did you all meet and get to know him?  Like have a banner that said, like introducing Duffy.
  But instead, it was just like, hey, it's Duffy.
  Want to know her?  And no one did.
 Yeah.
  I didn't know the gender.
  I probably might have assumed female.
  Yeah.
 But and I was I had more of a curiosity.
  I went and took a picture with Duffy and the look in.
  I know the picture and the look on my face communicates  my faux excitement for this character.
  I don't know.
 Right.
  Which felt very and once you realize, oh, it's Disney's attempt at a teddy bear.
  It feels very crass.
  Feels like like my instinct was to to sort of poke fun at it,  as maybe yours was initially as well.
  It feels very poochy.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  An arbitrary filling of a need.
  Yeah.
 And when he's not on screen, everyone should be asking at all times,  where is Duffy?  It does seem like for a company like Disney, obviously, you know,  there's a lot of crass stuff.
  There's a lot of like just Jack and Jack and a prices for things  for something to feel so crass really says something about the gesture of Duffy.
  Doesn't it? Yeah.
  Like when there's the gesture of Duffy crass.
 Yeah, sure.
  Like when we go like when we go up and be like, oh, it's five more dollars  for a vegetable skewer now.
  All right.
 But this Duffy makes me mad.
  What is this?  Like for whatever reason that felt like you're forcing a thing  we don't know in the parks.
  Well, screw you.
  Like we were some might say they they make entire  trilogies of films that don't really need to exist.
 Sure.
  It was like they were trying to inception us on level one.
  And it's like, I'm not asleep.
  I know this wasn't a thing.
  Yeah, I just try to insert this into my memories of Disney.
  When I was five, Duffy was not here.
  I don't need the kick.
  I don't need the kick to wake me up out of this dream state.
  I can wake myself out of this one.
 Yeah.
  But Lindsey, go back, check your photos.
  But Duffy's in all of them.
 You'll see.
  We got here quick.
  Get to her photos.
 Fucking terrifying.
  Yeah.
 Oh, sure.
  Well, with meeting Duffy and not trusting Duffy, you don't know.
  Duffy might have like weird sort of like a reverse.
  Back to the future.
 Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  She or he, whatever it is, just appear in planet itself.
  In your mind, we should get like we should take photos of ourselves  in the parks as kids and then Photoshop Duffy like it's a meeting.
  Duffy in 1987 or something.
  Me hugging Duffy with a Clinton Gore shirt on  with a Clinton Gore shirt on  Duffy, totally mini Nixon.
  Clinton Gore shirt.
 Yeah.
  Can I can I summarize the storybook real quick?  Oh, yeah.
 Before you go on.
 OK.
  So yeah.
 So as you said, Minnie makes Duffy for Mickey.
  She gives it to him right before one of his sea voyages.
  Mickey goes on the sea voyage.
  It is implied he has a long day of training new crew members.
  And after dinner, he goes down to his room  and he's very tired and he's feeling very homesick.
  But then he sees Duffy and he gives Duffy a big hug and he feels better.
  But he has a dream that Duffy talks to him in the dream.
  And I don't know.
  There it is.
 I already tried.
  I forgot what Duffy actually says in the dream, but I wrote down  I am become death, just true of worlds.
  But that's not it.
  So so then I do have some screen grass.
  So the next day he wakes up and he gets dressed and he says, to this day,  Mickey still swears that the teddy bear smiled back at him and winked  while he's at sea.
  So I think that that's sea madness, right?  He's hallucinating.
  It's not good if your doll comes to life.
  That's a bad thing.
  That's a child's play thing.
  It's not good.
  And then he gets back to shore and he tells all of his friends  about the dream he had about Duffy coming to life.
  And my note on that is he came back from the sea changed.
  He wasn't the same man anymore.
  He'd seen some real shit.
  He'd seen some real shit.
  They left with 20 and came back with 15.
  And then the net, the very end, all the friends like Duffy so much,  they all go to Minnie and they want their own teddy bears.
  So that's that's a bit crass.
  That is where the crassness really hit.
  Oh, yeah.
  You should get your own bears.
  You get your own bear.
  Everyone should get one.
  Many started charging 18.
99 for them, a reasonable price,  and considering the quality.
  Discounts available with annual passes.
  You know what? Money is just energy.
  And then the end card says, come meet Duffy at Epcot for more information.
  Visit your concierge and down in the corner.
  Entertainment subject to change without notice.
  Like they still had to put the legalese.
  The sweetest legalese ever told.
  So things so we the Duffy story for at least in America before the first.
  Well, we're still in the first seven years or so exists in this weird crass.
  What what is it?  Is anyone biting on this?  Does anyone paying attention to it?  Don't take the bait.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  We told Japan immediately.
  Or is there is there one day when it happened?  Or was it just like slowly building in popularity like a band?  It's known as D-Day.
  Maybe less funny for Japan.
  It's fair.
 Japan fared pretty well on D-Day.
  That's true.
  So yeah, I couldn't.
  It makes it seem like everything I read, at least it makes it seem like it was  pretty a pretty big hit pretty quickly.
  OK, so people like people.
  So at the same time of us seeing it and going, what the fuck is this?  It's it's like catching fire because I remember.
  So let me go back.
  And we've told this story, I think, on the show in a brief version of it.
  But it was Lindsey's 30th birthday.
  And I was down at the parks with my mother and sister who were visiting.
  And I said, you know, be funny.
  We always talk about this Duffy character.
  You know, we always have this joke about it.
  What if I got her Duffy and a couple outfits and my mom and sister  thought that was funny or whatever?  And I did.
  And I got and the outfits are still here.
  His obviously his sombrero and what do you call this?  Poncho.
 This poncho.
 Thank you.
  That's the original outfit.
  And his little pit crew cars outfit.
  Oh, it's a red.
  It's a lightning McQueen.
  Yeah.
 Reminiscent Rusty's racing suit.
  And that was lightning himself.
  That's what you said when you saw it.
 Right.
  That's what Lindsey's always say.
  And I gave a tour and I was like,  pretty sure it would be fine.
  And you were not thrilled with it.
  No.
  As yeah, we talked about this on the Tokyo  Disneyland episode.
  It was.
  Just the fact that it was my 30th birthday,  it was sort of, you know, one of the milestone birthdays.
  If if you would come back from the park  and it was just like a surprise gift out of nowhere,  I would have thought it was great and hilarious.
  But when it was like, I'm really a woman now, I'm 30.
  Is that how you were thinking of 30?  Oh, I'm a woman now.
  Like, wow, I'm moving into my 30s, leaving my 20s behind.
  My life is a little more on track.
  I've had a stable job for two years now, which is  the longest I'd had a job for.
  I'm in this relationship for two years,  the longest relationship I've ever had.
  Were you living together now?  No, not yet.
  So that so at the time.
  So it was like a thing.
  It's not like you just saw each other  every day automatically when you came home.
  You had to make a point to see each other.
  Yeah, we were seeing each other maybe almost every five times a week.
  Yeah.
  So it was the fact that it was my 30th birthday  and I was getting a joke bear for my birthday.
  He was a joke bear.
  I will say he started as a joke bear.
  Of course, I like to think he really warmed his way into our hearts.
  I mean, certainly he's got a whole family on the couch right now.
  Much like his general popularity, it just took a minute.
  Now, I probably asked this before or we might have covered this before.
  Was this the primary gift?  No.
 OK.
 No.
  Well, in that case, if it's a supplementary gift,  feel like it was going to be I was probably the most excited about it.
  So it probably took like center stage.
  That was part of it.
  Like I expected, like because you were excited about it being funny,  I just thought it was like a really good gift.
  Everything I said makes it sound so much worse.
  But I thought it was going to be a really good gift that I'd like is the thing.
  It is.
 It's overshadowed  even my memory of what we did or where like we went to dinner or anything, too.
  It's just all I can think about is 30 years.
  But receiving this.
 Yeah.
  In my mind, maybe that's all I remember for my 30th birthday.
  Well, you know, those iPhone four photos are so blurry.
  You can barely make them out anymore.
  You know what I'm saying on the last episode is it was like,  had we said I love you yet? I don't know.
  And then I got a Duffy bear on my 30th birthday.
  It all ties into it, I think.
  Well, you just said that in February.
  It's a whole stew of it being  not the most thrilling present.
  I mean, when does it get like when does a couple say I love you?  When does a couple give their first tiny red racing suits for a bear?  Joke bear.
 Joke bear.
  Now, it's a joke bear.
  The joke bear.
  If they put that up in America, that's what they call it in America.
  Would have made sense completely.
  When Mike explained it to a bunch of us,  it brought us a lot of joy because we all thought it was hilarious.
  Now I've had endless joy in telling this story.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  A lot of mileage out of it.
  I mean, one of my favorite parts is he when I was like,  wow, that's very funny.
  How did she what did she think?  And his something a lot of stuff.
  She wasn't thrilled.
  Lindsay said, counterpoint, you are wrong.
  Well, that was her first reaction, which she apparently kept it to herself.
  So I can't imagine opening a gift and just saying counterpoint.
  You are wrong.
  The only way that phrase is.
  Mm hmm.
  But you're this story is not now like like Jason,  you were just telling the Duffy origin story within.
  And I was looking over your shoulders, seeing like the storybook panels  of the sweet story of many giving the gift of Duffy.
  And it's funny how in reality, it was a slightly less sweet of a tale  or at least less idyllic.
  But now I'm imagining this story being told just realistically,  but in storybook panels.
  Well, also, the 20 page story.
  What got added on top of that was me knowing how much I was disappointing  you by not having the reaction that you wanted me to have.
  So then I felt bad about not loving the gift.
  It was just a whole a whole stew of it not working out.
  And I usually I feel like usually I'm pretty good with gifts, too.
  Usually, as I said, I think you're much better than I am.
  Thank you.
 We didn't need to go that far.
  I just wanted to say at least usually I'm putting Duffy in his racing outfit.
  If you're hearing clothing rustling, you are changing your Duffy.
  I do think this is the superior outfit that we own.
  I think so.
 But I love that little poncho.
  So only the two.
  We have tried to put the poncho on.
  You can't I can't go too nuts.
  There's other toys I need to buy.
 I would.
  I would imagine also that when that was my reaction, it was like,  I guess I won't keep buying clothes for the bear.
  Perhaps if you had been like very excited about it, I would have been like,  you know, they have a sully costume and they are from much as not the pilot.
  Not the pilot.
  I immediately thought the pilot as soon as I said it, you guys love making  so little mustache for for his in his outfit.
  That must be a great accessory.
 Yeah.
  Well, I do wish that you could.
  I wish that you had enough costumes to change Duffy's clothes  every 45 minutes that we're recording this like he's a bet.
  Miller Vegas show in a share manner.
  Yeah, I got some cost.
  Like this is this is a picture of four different Duffy costumes.
  It kind of looks like those old headshots where you would have four different  like kooky outfits.
  A doctor, a basketball player.
 Yeah.
  Here's a Duffy 2014.
  He's got a classic Disney year shirt.
  There's steam, but Willie, there's Stitch.
  There's Duffy in a vintage yellow.
  Oh, that's great.
  Poncho, which they, of course, don't make anymore because they found  it was too easy to shoplift wearing those ponchos.
  So now they sell clear ponchos.
  Oh, they smell.
 We didn't even talk about this.
  They made us sick.
 Terrible.
  Oh, we were an animal.
  They come out.
 No, they're clear.
 Oh, OK.
  We were in Animal Kingdom the last time we were in Florida.
  And it was downpouring.
  And we just were like, we should just buy.
  Let's just buy him.
  And we put him on.
  And I think we went on Everest.
  And we were like Everest.
  I think we were like it was almost like you were sniffing a marker  and it wasn't fun or it was like a bad marker.
  It was like opening a can of paint and then just breathing it in.
  It was insane.
 I don't know.
 It was crazy.
  What was wrong with if it was normal or whatever.
  But anyway, stay away from those.
 Yeah.
  Anyway.
 So yeah, Duffy has a lot of great outfits.
  There are an insane amount of outfits.
  And in Tokyo, specifically, they have them here.
  And they're still like maybe between 12 and 20.
  But in Tokyo, it's out of control.
  There are merchandise events.
  They call it Sweet Duffy.
  It's a it's like a shopping season.
  I don't know exactly how long it lasts, but they have introduced  a whole new spring collection of Duffy.
  And Shelly May and now Gelatoni and the other characters, costumes.
  And like they're like, especially the stuff in Japan.
  It's like little overalls and a little cardigan and a little like polo shirt.
  It's like it's real fucking cute.
  Yeah.
 Like well-dressed dolls.
  Well-dressed little gentlemen.
  Yeah.
 Here it's more like you can dress them up like Woody from Toy Story.
  But out there, it's like make like make them your little son.
  Like dress them like a little boy going to picture day.
  People take them to the park like their their seats and perches for Duffy.
  Yes.
 In the park.
  There's no.
 But when we were there, there's so many people.
  There was one person with a double wide stroller,  which I don't know if those will be banned in Tokyo.
  There was no mention of that because they're now banned in Florida  and California at the Duffy and a Gelatoni in there.
  But yes, if you have your plush children, your adoptive  plush children, will that be OK?  As long as you buy your kids here, it's fine.
  So, yeah, so it's a whole thing.
  And so having this little guy, Duffy, in your apartment, though,  started me down a rabbit hole of exploration.
  And I think I remember vaguely of like, do you know, this is really popular  in Japan, like insanely popular, like maybe more popular than Mickey is.
  And then like this started the whole my whole fascination  with this whole thing and going down message boards.
  And you say as you nervously rub your legs.
  And that's the obsession.
  And you are stressed.
  I am stressed about this episode, for sure.
  There's too much stuff.
  I'm like, are we going to get to all of it?  So I can't.
 Didn't you talk to somebody?  Oh, yeah, we talked about the interview coming up as well.
  So I am nervous that we're not going to.
  I shouldn't have lit relitigated the problem with Jason at the top.
  That was a mistake.
  I can't imagine it helps to keep bringing up the whole Duffy  for my birthday story.
  Let's tell it one more time.
 Here we go.
  I guess that.
 But I feel like we needed the context of you all  because you were because you were witness to my madness,  which is why you're here.
 Yes.
  Also, just so you know, the problem is going to get worse at that point.
  Well, I thought it was a fun gift for me, but much like Homer  buying Marge a bowling ball, I guess that that was really a Michael present.
  Yeah, I guess that is that.
  I will agree with that.
  I should have gotten Duffy lessons from a handsome Frenchman.
  It's much bigger.
  Like in Tokyo, Duffy has like all about Eve to Mickey.
  Like Duffy was the young star, and now he's he's the draw.
  He's the Harrington with the wolf into the house.
  So then that is when the forum diving began.
  Well, yeah.
 So so eventually I so pretty quickly, I think I was like,  did you know that Duffy has a lady bear?  And she was I was like, and I was of course, the answer probably was like,  no, I don't.
 I don't care.
  I mean, pretty much.
 Do you know that Duffy dot dot dot?  And it's always going to be no with anyone.
  You have to turn really hard to stay away from that point on.
  When we went to Florida the first time, which is about five years ago already  together, I mean, I called.
  This is just how much how willing I was to double down on a bit.
  I called because there was a number that said, well, if you want anything  like sort of like special in your room when you get there, let us know.
  You know, because usually they would put like some flowers in there,  like maybe a bottle of wine.
  And I said, hey, there's a bear in Tokyo named Shelly May.
  And I know it's not available in the US parks, but is there any way  I could have that bear waiting for us?  And she was like, I don't know.
  Like she was like, really not even a Disney like magic answer.
  Like, what a good idea, sir.
  I wish that we could.
  She was my lady.
  We love making dreams come true.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 She was very nice, but she didn't.
  And I'm probably remembering it in a much more curt way than she actually said it.
  But there was no like, oh, let me ask someone about that or let me see  if that would be possible.
  We'd like to go the extra mile because also money would be involved, I'm sure.
  Like give us $200 and we'll ship a Shelly May, whatever you want, you maniac.
  She had both your Disney IDs open with your birth dates  and was just thinking like, you got to be fucking kidding me.
  Too old.
 Yeah.
  If it was like for my daughter or something, they were like, all right,  well, maybe we can make this happen for this maniac.
  They Google imaged you, saw you had a beard and said, no way.
  Are we getting this guy? Girl bear.
  Cancel his hotel reservation.
  Cancel all of it.
  He's not allowed in the party.
  Not let this man into Florida.
  Did you get them a wine or chocolate or something?  No.
 Oh, my God.
  The end of that story is there was no nice thing.
  I mean, it also it wasn't my birthday or anything.
  Yeah, yeah.
 It was just like it was just a trip.
  We'll have plenty of wine and chocolate when we get there.
  That's just that there's waiting for us would be Shelly May would be really.
  I would have.
 Yeah.
  I would have been so self satisfied with that.
  Yeah, but there's no way it would have occurred to you to go, OK,  well, then I will instead get something else.
  Can I get you something else nice like that adults would want?  No, I got to go click.
  I'll just go to fucking Publix on the way in.
  I do.
 I do remember that first trip we went.
  We were at the one of the all star resorts and we went straight to the cafeteria  because I wanted to try a rainbow dessert.
  That was a big deal.
 That rainbow cake at the time.
  Jason, I think I've been texting.
  I was like, you know, I'm going to it's our first stop there.
  We're going to check out that rainbow.
  You were only staying there for one night.
  Yes.
 Before you went somewhere else.
  The famous rainbow cake of Ot 14.
  The hotel pop century, where I immediately kicked my suitcase  and then spent the whole rest of the trip limping around Florida.
  Oh, my God.
  I have very bad luck when it comes to going on vacations.
  Yeah, you got injured and you got injured in Tokyo episode.
  Yeah, you bruised your back.
  Yep.
 In Tokyo.
  Forgot my meds.
  Yeah, you can go back and listen to that.
  That is it for the Yakuza.
 Yeah.
  I was just drug smuggling.
  It didn't work out.
  What's that for two weeks?  Did the other Orlando trip? Did you get sick?  No, it's sort of what goes.
  What tends to happen with me is the first time I go anywhere,  I either get lost or I injure myself.
  And then all the times after that are fine.
  OK, so that the other Orlando trip was not.
  No, everything was fine.
  Just don't go to a place for the first time ever again.
  It's just know that I will hurt myself.
 Right.
  So, yeah, so so I recall then like Duffy providing hours of entertainment for us.
  I would make Duffy dance to house music.
  I recall doing that a lot.
  There's a really good video that.
  Oh, we should post that.
 We have to post.
  Yeah, yeah.
 You have a.
  Yeah, because you have to admit that was fun.
  That was a funny thing that I did.
  It was just I was crazy.
  You have to.
 Got a counterpoint, Lindsay?  If it had only not come on my 30th birthday.
  Everything after this has been fine.
  Everything's fine now.
  All right.
 Everything's good.
  I am in this relationship of my own free will.
  Don't send any like hidden signals to the listeners that they need to save you  or anything.
 That's really hard on a podcast.
  I'll just start going.
  We were those sounds a signal Lindsay was sending or is that you adjusting the mic?  Oh, that's the listener.
  You'll never know.
  Why did it sound like dot dot dot dash dash dash dot dot dot?  So, OK, so boards.
  Yeah, we get to the message boards.
  And here's what I'll say.
  I won't.
 I really thought about how to sort of talk about this.
  I won't say what boards they are.
  I won't announce any user names,  but I got very deep into looking at the Duffy message boards.
  Specifically, it was about Duffy.
  And this is already I was looking at these posts.
  These posts are six years old already.
  A lot of them, some of them predate that because you were reading these  when I was still in my old apartment before we moved in together.
  Yes, I think many a night we would be going to sleep  and I would be on my phone scrolling through.
  You talked about this the first time we hung out proper in 2014.
  That was my big.
 Yes, that was my big sell.
  I was like, you know,  there are these four I got up my sleeve.
  Yes, how weird I am.
  We were either at the park or like at an improv practice.
  And you were explaining this to me.
  And I feel like you came in beaming like, guess what?  I found the fun with real audio like Mike, just an  continuous run of saying these message board posts.
  It is comforting at a birthday party.
  It has been.
  I mean, these are a real find, but sorry.
  Yeah, no, I was just going to say it has been in a decade of change  for both personally and for the country in the world.
  It has been a comforting constant to the 20 teens.
  I'm assuming even more so for you.
  Because you know them by heart.
  Sure.
 Yes, I would agree with that.
  I also forgot that Duffy is named after Duffel Bag.
  What? We just figured that out.
  Yes, we just.
 Yeah.
  After all that sweet shit.
 Yeah.
  It's Duffel Bag.
 That's what it's.
  Yeah.
 Mini presented it in a go in your duffel bag on the trip home.
  It's not named after Troy Duffy, director of Boondock Saints.
  I really wanted it to be named after Troy Duffy, director of Boondock Saints.
  So anyway, so there's a there's these message boards.
  And I have and I did this like five years ago.
  I screen shotted some of my favorite  posts because this was a very active board and people.
  And this is mostly Americans and mostly people that were sort of upset  with Duffy not being embraced by the American audience.
  And I I love this so much.
  Because it's also like it was actually now funny is reading these now  is that I I see myself more in them than I did then.
  A little bit like, yeah, you crass Americans.
  Back then, it was like I didn't have a podcast about theme parks where I,  you know, we had a deep dive on anything like that.
  And it would just be like, ah, this is funny.
  These people, they they're so silly.
  They like these things, these insane things so much.
  This is crazy.
 They haven't been talking about this for an hour straight.
  Right.
 We've already been in an hour.
  You laughing at these people doing this became the first thing  that you started to collect,  like the first weird thing that now is your thing.
  That's interesting.
 Maybe.
 Yeah.
  I guess like McGruff.
  I mean, I know all your other bullshit, whatever.
  That's fair.
 And Buffett Duffy and Buffy.
  Duffy.
 That's an idea.
  You need a teddy bear that looks like Jimmy Buffett.
  So, OK, OK.
  So that is amazing.
  Mark, the companies have not come up with a free idea for them.
  Yeah.
 So let me get let's get to this.
  OK, there's there's there's a few posts here and I'll skip a lot of this.
  There's a whole section of postings about how people don't understand  and there's a backlash against them for carrying their bears around.
  And there's a backlash.
  Yeah, it's great.
 Remember that.
  Yeah, it's like I'm starting to get flack from friends and family  about bringing Shelley places and taking pictures.
  They bring up how I'm 21 and why do I like to bring a teddy bear with me  and take photos with her?  I also like to hold her so she can see and not put her in a duffel bag.
  Has anyone else experienced this?  And then there are just posts of people saying, yes, I have experienced this.
  And then there's like a post with somebody.
  This is one of my favorites, just that says, my parents don't support it.
  And it's like it's like it's crazy.
  It's just over and over again, everyone like it.
  Some people like a lot of people have a sense of humor about it.
  There's one person that said they bring the bear to the biker bar  that her boyfriend and her go to and that everybody likes it  because they dress duffy in a little leather jacket.
  That's nice.
 And that's like so it's not like every like.
  So anyway, so you're like we got a sense, especially back then, of like  these people obsessed with Duffy and especially not knowing all the Tokyo  context, it seemed extra crazy.
  But here, let me get to the the club, the special club,  which I think you know what I'm talking about.
  Yes, I do.
  So someone on this board, they wanted to organize  what they call the Duffetier Creators Club.
  And they wanted basically to encourage art to be created,  inspired by Duffy and his friends.
  So I'm going to read some of this post.
  It is very long and just stop me when I've been too annoying.
  OK, so this person says, so I've been noticing two things for a while now  and haven't had time or focused energy to do anything about it.
  I still really don't yet.
 But a break is in sight.
  First off, we've got a lot of new people.
  That's a lot of untapped talent and energy.
  Second, buying stuff, especially Tokyo Disney Cape Cod Duffy stuff,  is fun and supports Duffy.
  But I'm a little worried we're becoming too consumer without enough creator.
  So here's some motivation.
  Starting with Halloween and running through Sweet Duffy 2014,  which is the merchandising event,  folks who actively contribute truly impressive fan creations  to the Duffetier community will get a gratuity rate of just 20 percent flat.
  Now, I think what that is, is that there was some sort of buying program  where somebody in Japan would buy merchandise for you.
  And they're saying that you can get a discount on this  if you do high quality Duffy related art.
  I'm confused by the economics of all this.
  Well, it's not clear in this post also.
  So like the person going to Tokyo Disney buying Duffy stuff  would have a charge on top of that for their troubles.
 Right.
  But the discount is just bringing that charge down to 20 percent.
  So who knows what the initial charge? Right.
 That's unclear.
  I'm sure that was in a different post, which I think is is not important.
  This might be the person that is in charge of that.
  But they're saying that basically in service, getting a promo code.
  Yes.
 In service to making Duffy a bigger presence in the world,  you will get a bit of a discount on whatever you'd like to buy from Japan.
  Now back to the post.
  Just a cute photo will not be enough.
  You'll have to do a photo story with high quality photographs, great lighting,  settings, compositions, costume and props, professional quality.
  You'll need a good camera and they'll have to be made into a book  with something like MixBook so that we can all order one.
  Really high quality calendars would work too.
  Maybe through Zazzle.
 If you're a good illustrator, let me know.
  I have two stories that need to be illustrated by good.
  I mean, at least as good as the US storybook, although the Tokyo Disney  sees style or your own original, but equally detailed style is even better.
  Illustrators might make calendars to and post on DeviantArt to help promote  Duffy in that thriving community.
  I will say just to interrupt for a moment and not go on a tangent  is I am disturbed at how much more of this language I understand now,  like sweet Duffy and Tokyo Disney and DeviantArt and  and what they mean by like putting a book together.
  Right now, which is like what you were saying.
  One might say you went clear.
  There's a lot of parallels between Duffy and Elrond Hubbard  now that we're really thinking about it.
  Sure.
 Boats for one, sailor suit.
  Boats for one, sailor suits for second, cult for third.
  Well, that's why I was saying to when I was looking through all these,  I was I was much more like, oh, I'm like one step away from this person posting.
  Like we need more Batman 66 toys in these toy stores.
  I want an egg.
 I want an egghead toy.
  OK, we tell won't make an egghead toy.
  I need all iterations of the Ninja Turtles in figure form.
  Yes, that is.
  There's a super seven is going to remake all the Ninja Turtles.
  And I'm like, I want wing that I want screw loose.
  I want like I'm exactly like this person.
  And now I can see it with a little perspective.
  Oh, you have the time.
 We're like these fucking nuts.
  Right.
 You eased our audience into this craziness.
  And now you've got an army backing you up.
  Exactly.
 So a Navy.
 This goes.
  I got it.
 There's so many things.
  OK, so so that goes through it goes on a couple more paragraphs of different ideas.
  And then this is my favorite sentence.
  I will be the final judge of quality.
  How could I forget my favorite line?  Perhaps your first attempt is good, but not good enough.
  You'll have the opportunity to revise and improve.
  We have to start doing more.
  We have to start doing worse.
  We are letting Duffy down.
  Yeah.
 So I want to know is I will be the final judge of quality.
  All caps or no? No, it's not all caps.
  How all these years?  I thought it was all caps.
  Well, it was the delivery.
 Yeah.
  That's what it means.
  It's reads harsh.
  You know, like Jason's a little bit of Jewish.
  Edwin looked at me just then like I had offended him.
 Yeah.
  I will be the final judge of quality existing is like a I mean,  that's a meme worthy phrase.
  I will be the final judge of quality.
  Take your favorite villainous screenshot from your from your game of thrones.
  Oh, yeah.
 Star Wars or your Jafar or what have you.
  Be creative.
  And guess what? I will be the final judge of quality.
  I put this to the listeners, create that storybook of Mike  giving me Duffy for my 30th birthday.
  I know that's I will be the final judge of quality.
  Oh, man, I did want to make that request.
  I just seen that one seems like a lot of work.
  That one seems like we have a 20 percent commission has to be more.
  We have to do more for Lindsey.
  Do more for the podcast.
  I would check these every once in a while and there would be new posts.
  And in this specific thread, somebody started to make  art of Duffy and I'll show you this.
  And it's Duffy and there's a snowman and he's got his little winter coat on  and a scarf and it's very cute.
 Yeah.
  And the the person who made the first post writes that they love it.
  The colors are beautiful.
  In case you actually want some constructive feedback,  I'd say Duffy's hands are too small.
  Duffy doesn't have elbows or wrists.
  He doesn't have joints or bones.
  There shouldn't be a difference there.
  The arms should just round out.
  The same is true of the legs.
  And Duffy doesn't have ankles.
  And I mean, this is just a fact.
  And the legs are a bit too long and wide.
  Also, while Duffy has a round bottom, he doesn't really have hips  and definitely doesn't have a waist.
  And there are four or five, six more paragraphs.
  You know what? There's more context for this now, too,  because they're changing the design of Sonic.
  Oh, yeah.
  Sonic definitely doesn't have human teeth.
  The entire world did that to an actual movie production.
  Now, if they if there was a Duffy movie and they give Duffy human teeth,  I certainly would not stand for that.
  It would be hearing from me.
  I would be the final judge of quality.
  The whole world is just posts now.
  The whole world is just message word posts.
  Look at our president.
 He never stops posting.
  I find this innocent that it was this madness was contained  to the Duffy message board in 2014.
  And we thought it was strange.
  And then so so after this person post another version of it,  that's honestly to me looks about the same.
  This the the creator of the post writes, Wow, the legs and hips  are now perfect in both weight and length.
  And by length, I mean, short stubbiness.
  The torso still feels a bit too long and seems kind of extra stretch now  because the legs are so perfect,  but isn't necessarily something you'd redraft for.
  Just maybe consider for the next one.
  Duffy's right arm, which was too long before, is now also perfect.
  And you totally nailed the bend.
  And then I kid you not, there are about 12 more paragraphs.
  Oh, to discuss this children's style picture of Duffy making a snowman.
  And we don't have time for all of it.
  And this person just keeps taking the notes and like make.
  And I'm like, what's going on?  Doing revisions? Yes.
  What? She's turning around new.
  Yes, she's turning.
  I believe the original poster at some point in response to concerns  about their their rules and regulations did say like, well, everyone  to each your own abilities, you know.
  Yeah, I think that that does appear somewhere.
  If you're not good enough, I will allow mistakes.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 If you're dumb or something, but otherwise,  but I will need to see a report card from your latest year of schooling.
  Even that, though, felt like they were annoyed that people like,  well, clearly you've misunderstood me.
  Like, so you have made it yet another mistake.
  I have the grand reveal at the end of this was that this is all  exchanges between like mother and daughter.
  Oh, mother and son.
  You just know it'd be mother and son.
  Almost there, dear.
  This is a Munchausen, but by proxy situation, it is really fun situation.
  Yeah.
  But for Duffy drawing.
  For Duffy, yeah.
  I've seen people post their  like fan art when they started out and then later years  and then what it looks like now.
  And it is really fun to see that like, oh, they really kept at it.
  Like these people are not going into animation.
  They're just doing fan art of other shows and they come really far.
  Oh, yeah, sure.
  So I wonder what this person's art looks like now.
  They may be making like  just incredibly detailed paintings of Duffy and Shelley May or making snowmen.
  And what if I work with them?  It's very possible.
  What if they work on Infinity Train? I don't know.
  Do any of your any of your animators know how to perfectly draw bear hips  or the lack thereof?  Or can they get the bend just right?  Can they get the bend just right?  Well, you'll you'll keep.
  They hear the phrase wishlist, they shutter sweet Duffy,  lock themselves in a closet for two hours.
  But there's not pleased.
  They get a check with the suggestion.
  You know, they have the suggested tip amount percentages on the bottom.
  They see 20 percent gratuity and they just start sweating like, oh, no.
  Can we make it 19?  Please make it 19.
  So so there's OK, so I'm just jumping around here.
  There there was a thread here when Duffy was so at a certain point,  Duffy went away from California Adventure as far as being a walk,  like a character you could take a picture with.
  Yeah.
 And they still have Duffy in the parks.
  But like he was his presence was being drawn back clearly  because it was just not working.
  And this one person on the board was very a lot of people,  obviously, very upset about it.
  And then this person shined in saying that the thread of people commenting  was really demonstrating what a poor job was done introducing Duffy  to the American public.
  If people had been presented with Duffy's charms,  if the actual backstory had been told effectively,  if Disney fans understood the artistic sincerity  and creative integrity that defines Duffy in Japan,  there would be no question of Duffy's Disney pedigree  and history making significance.
  Sadly, he has been handled like a commodity instead of a force of nature.
  And many have responded with disinterest.
  It's not Duffy's fault, though.
  Duffy will always be legendary.
  Duffy is unstoppable no matter what happened in the US.
  Duffy is pure Disney, transcendent.
  So that the US team failed to convey that is a genuine disappointing shame  that Disney that Disney fans would rather be dismissive,  which I guess this person would think we were being very than educate themselves  is truly their loss.
  It's all very unfortunate and very sad.
  Like this should be given as a monologue for theater students to do in class.
  Very well written.
  It is so dramatic and builds and has tension and an arc.
  Yeah, sort of start like you reasonable step into the logic pool before it gets  extremely a streetcar in desire.
  But like what of the backstory  do they think was not conveyed?  That's the thing we were trying to figure out.
  History making significance.
  What are what are you talking about?  Mickey was a sailor.
  Did they say Mickey had a crew?  Say the part about him having a dream.
  Yeah, we I think that was especially without seeing it in Tokyo,  which doesn't in Tokyo, it's still not like he has some rich backstory.
  It does help to see the reaction in Tokyo  because like reading this in the vacuum of America, California adventure,  we were baffled.
  But then when you go over there and you see everybody buying stuff  and there is a live show with Duffy while you eat it, it's like, OK, this exists.
  Whereas when we're reading it here, it may as well be just the rantings  of crazy people about something I've never heard of.
  Yeah, it's crazy.
 It's in Japan.
  It's fun and cute.
  And there's a culture around it.
  And of course, the American interpretation is Rorschach's Journal from Watchmen.
  It would be exactly that.
  It would be like if you just like went to somebody who had never heard of Disney  and you went, look at this mouse.
  And they were like, OK, like, no, you don't.
  OK, so like there is a history  making significance to this mouse.
  Like what you don't understand is that.
  So the first time you see him, he's on a steamboat.
  OK, it's on a steamboat.
  So like, OK, there's this man.
  His name is Walt Disney.
 He came up with him and.
  And then he just like changed everything.
  He was on a train.
 He had an idea on a train.
  I don't know what you're talking about.
  You would think that person was crazy.
  But the mouse is a cipher because he's on a steamboat,  but he's also a sea captain.
  And sometimes he's a ghost hunter.
  Sometimes he's the mayor of Toontown.
  Sometimes he appears with his girlfriend who will never marry.
  And so you'll see him in a lot of different outfits.
  Does that sound like someone we know?  He has two dogs in his life.
  What is his pet dog? What is a dog man friend?  He has an exact double, but you don't find out about him until 1990  and know it doesn't stay important.
  So so, yeah, we're saying like that, like we really didn't get it.
  But seeing in Tokyo and going there and then learning all the friends,  it is different now.
  And it's almost like I do sort of see what they're saying on the boards about,  oh, it is kind of cool that they're this is only like a thing in the parks.
  It's obviously like a big part of the culture.
  And then it's like now I look for even in our American parks,  like a gelatoni little bag somebody's carrying.
  Yeah.
 Like if you see a little keychain on somebody's bag  or they have a Duffy backpack, we'll both be like Duffy backpack.
  Yes.
 And like more obscure Duffy character, the better for pointing out.
  It gets very exciting.
 Sure.
  So it is interesting.
  Our arcs with Duffy.
  So, you know, before we finish this, there's more message board.
  We have an interview with somebody because we're trying to find  like a true Duffy super fan.
  And yeah, we felt so now we're going to pair this person with that.
  Is it of like understanding the legend, having your own relationship with him?  Yeah.
 What is it?  What is a functioning American Duffy fan like? Right.
  And also, I was trying to say that before, though, is because, look, we have all of  I have all of them.
 So I am a legit Duffy fan.
  Well, not all of them.
  Not all of them.
 Excuse me.
  I don't see the bunny.
  Don't press on the wound.
  I just say I know a couple.
  Yeah, you're missing out.
  We have to take a trip to Hawaii.
 Yeah, that's all we do.
  Only for that.
  Stella Lou.
 Go to a store and turn around.
  So on Twitter, I noticed Brandi Rhodes, who is a professional wrestler.
  She's a chief brand officer of AEW Wrestling, which is coming soon to some TV.
  And there's a big event at the end of May at the end of this month  in Las Vegas called Doubler Nothing.
  She is constantly posting photos of Duffy and his friends  in various places in their house.
  Like, I think I saw her post like on airplanes.
  She's bringing Duffy with.
  So we reached out and she was gracious enough to talk to us.
  Not about wrestling, not about wrestling.
  This should say like AEW is one of the biggest things  to happen in the world of wrestling.
 Yes.
 Years.
  We just talked to her about Duffy and her relationship with Duffy  and the universe.
 She doesn't want to think about work.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So here we go.
  So, folks, we are joined today by a very special guest.
  She's a professional wrestler.
  She's the chief brand officer for all elite professional wrestling.
  And most importantly, she's a huge Duffy super fan.
  Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
 Brandi Rhodes.
  Oh, yeah.
 No, I was I was really excited for once for somebody  want to talk to me about Duffy the Disney bear  as opposed to wrestling.
  So, yeah, I get to be on.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah, we're thrilled to have you.
  Is it safe to say you've done a lot of press lately,  but this is the first Duffy specific interview that you've done.
  This is the first Duffy interview I've ever done.
  Oh, like, so I'm I'm I'm happy for humanity in this point,  because most of the time when I talk about Duffy, people ask me, who is that?  So it's starting to grind my my gears a little bit.
  But so I'm really glad that I'm starting to come across people  who understand the Duffy fandom and appreciate him.
  Yes.
 We're one of our missions on the podcast is to spread more Duffy awareness.
  So that is part of our beautiful, beautiful.
  So so, yeah, let's start.
  Let's start at the beginning.
  Where and when does your Duffy fandom start?  So my Duffy fandom started two years ago  at DisneySea in Tokyo, and it actually started off as a patron.
  I went to the park for the first time and I saw all of these people  decked out, I mean, babies, kids,  service animals, adults.
  Everybody was decked out in Duffy gear.
  And I mean, like from Duffy  gloves to the Duffy hat to Duffy puppet,  full sized Duffy dolls, Duffy George.
  And I was just getting angry because, you know, I'm kind of a Disney purist.
  Where was Nicky? I was so confused.
  And I was like, why?  Why is there no representation of Mickey Mouse here?  This is kind of nuts.
  So I ended up looking into it while I was standing in one of the lines,  because I know, you know, people are familiar with DisneySea.
  You're always in line there.
  There's no way to avoid it.
  And so I started looking into the story and how,  you know, Duffy was invented for the Japanese audience, not for us.
  So me being kind of the that person that you can always take as wanting to be  different in some kind of way, immediately my heart started to turn  because I realized I could take Duffy home and he could be for me and not all  the other kids running around the park at Disneyland and Disney World in the  States.
 So I got, you know, immediately when I got on line, I went into one of  the Duffy stores and I got a Duffy puppet.
  My thinking in doing that was that the Duffy puppet would, I would use it to  play with my dog.
  And that was history.
  Now I have a lot of Duffy stuff, but I have all of the puppets for all of the  friends as well.
  It's a situation over here.
  So you have not only like all of the plushes of Duffy's friends, but you also  have all of the puppets as well.
  Is that what you're saying?  No, I just have the puppet.
  I don't have the plushes.
  I don't want the plushes.
  Oh, interesting.
  I just want the puppet because that was my original thing.
  So I feel like if I were to get the plushes, I would, I, there would be some  lack of authenticity on my end there.
  But, you know, as far as like other Duffy things, I mean, I have like Duffy  backpack, I got the Duffy mittens, I got Duffy jewelry, I have a Duffy purse.
  I got Duffy coming out every nip and cranny of this house, except for the actual  bear.
  Do you have the limited run Duffy Chuck Taylors they made?  Uh, what, what are these?  Where are these?  How do I acquire these?  The classic Converse shoes.
  I knew nothing about this.
  So now I'm going to be, as soon as we get off the phone or maybe while we're on  the phone, I'm going to maybe just hit this speaker and we'll get off on Duffy  Chuck Taylor.
  I mean, that's fine.
  Oh my God.
  My other favorite Duffy specificity or oddity.
  Did you ever ride in the Duffy Disney transportation bus?  No, I've never seen it.
  Now I've seen the, the Minnie Mouse ones that we have here in Orlando and that  one I'm, I've been jealous of because I want to be in there.
  But so in Tokyo, they have Duffy buses.
  Yeah.
  I think, I think that may also have been a limited time one.
  Oh man.
  That's a bummer.
  Yeah.
  No, I never, I've not.
  Now I'm getting jealous.
  Yeah.
  Feel free to browse, feel free to browse for merch while we're talking.
  It's okay.
  So, so do you have, so, so there's a lot of characters now, a couple of years ago,  it was just Duffy and then Shelley Mae, and now it feels like we're getting a  new character every three months.
  Do you have a ranking, an official ranking of your favorite characters or is it  all, are they all equal in your eyes?  Oh no, not at all.
  So all of my, all of my, my characters, they're, I'm very childlike with them.
  I'll say they all have different personalities.
  They have different voices.
  They're nothing like what you read in the story books about Duffy and his friends.
  So Duffy himself is kind of like a little bit hood, but he's a little bit  of a G and a little bit like of a smooth guy.
  So he's kind of smooth.
  Whereas Shelley, she's a little bit more, I don't want to say anything,  this is too crazy, but she's a little more like your typical city girl.
  So like, she likes to shop, she likes to go shopping, she likes to go to  the mall, she likes to go to the mall, she likes to go to the mall, she  likes to shop, she likes Louis Vuitton, she loves the Mac store, that's her thing.
  And then Stella, she's true to the fact that she's a dancer, but she's also a  devout Christian and she likes to talk about Christianity a lot and how blessed she is.
  And then Jelatoni is French and he always speaks with a French accent  and he's just a ladies man.
  Right, of course.
  Which he is Italian, I think, in the canon, official canon.
  So he's French in your narrative.
  Yeah, I totally blew that.
  No, it's okay.
  I know, I love, what I think is interesting is that if you go on, like I have for years  now, the Duffy message boards, there's specific Duffy message boards and a lot of  people have, because there's not so much story out there, have created their own  narratives, which will lead me into this question, which is very controversial, I  think on the message boards, are Duffy and Shelley Mae a couple?  Are they lovers or are they just good friends?  In my world, they're a couple.
  Shelley is his girlfriend.
  I see that.
  Absolutely.
  Yeah, I like that better, but there's people on the message boards that want to keep  their love pure and make it sure it's just between friends.
  So I think that that, and there were like people arguing against it.
  So I think in the Duffy community, there's a lot of contention about, but look, that's  the fun of Duffy is you get to choose your own adventure.
  I think that's sort of what I feel.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I feel like that's part of the fun in Duffy being not such a US match is that I  can kind of make him whoever I want him to be to people when I'm introducing it.
  You know?  Oh yeah.
  For sure.
  I, when I first, I first bought Duffy for my girlfriend years ago, and it was a  little bit of a bit, it was sort of to be funny.
  And then, and I would make him dance to like EDM music for like five minutes.
  So I think my Duffy, he started out as more of a raver, but now he's a  little bit more domesticated.
  Do you think, I guess this is a question for both of you.
  Do you think they would do a story where Duffy and Shelly may get married?  Because Mickey and Minnie famously have never been married, but Duffy and Shelly  I feel like there's less history there where maybe they could get away with that.
  They could certainly sell a lot of outfits of, you know, a little tuxedo and dress.
  I don't really know because I think you kind of run into that once they're  married, then what, you know, then are they going to have a little Duffy, you  know, babies?  And then we got a lot of, we got a lot to think about if they decide to get married,  you know?  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  I think I'm cool with them just having, you know, their happy domesticated  relationship without taking it too far.
  Yeah, I agree with that.
  Cause I think also like, you know, with Jim and Pam on the office, once they got  married, you sort of run out of some narrative possibilities, I think.
  So you kind of want to keep the possibilities, I think, alive for the two  characters.
  So that's my official stance.
  Yeah, I agree with you.
  I feel like that as well.
  Yeah.
  Thank you.
  I'm glad we're in agreement.
  Let's talk clothes real quick.
  There's another controversy on these, these message boards.
  Some people dress their Duffy's in build a bear outfits.
  Do you think that's okay?  Or are you against that?  Uh, I, I mean, that just depends on who Duffy is to you.
  Is Duffy, you know, your Walmart guy or is Duffy your Neiman Marcus guy?  For me, he's Neiman Marcus.
  So he wouldn't be wearing, you know, build a bear Walmart, you know, I'm  sorry.
  Now I do have a Yoshi doll from build a bear that is wearing a figure skating  outfit because I used to be a figure skater.
  I'm totally okay with that, but I don't think I would be okay with Duffy wearing  a build a bear skating outfit.
  Sure.
  So if there was, but if there was like, maybe if Neiman Marcus started their  own like high end build a bear, would you take clothes from there maybe and  put them in, put them on Duffy?  I don't, I don't think so.
  I think, uh, there's just some things that you, you gotta keep keeping that  right frame of mind.
  Like, um, you know, if you've got a bunch of authentic Louis Vuitton bags,  you can't go get a knockoff and set it on the shelf with them.
  Got it.
  Because you know, maybe somebody else doesn't know, but Susan always know.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  I'm not being true to myself here.
  Yeah, no, I hear that.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, keep it.
  I get it.
  I totally agree.
  Um, too.
  So, yeah, we were talking a little bit before about, uh, how it's expanding.
  So, you know, they have always at Olu now is a turtle is in the Duffy  universe, who's a, he's an exclusive to Hong Kong.
  No, excuse me.
  He's exclusive to the Alani resort in Hawaii.
  Cookie, the dog who makes waffles is exclusive to Hong Kong.
  Do you have Cookie or Olu yet?  Or are you, do you have any plans to visit and go to these places and get the  characters?  So I didn't know about Olu, but I know about Cookie and, um, I have some real hope  about, uh, going to Hong Kong, hopefully sometime this year.
  And, uh, the Cookie is absolutely on the, on the radar completely.
  But you know, Olu sounds like a great reason for me to go to Hawaii.
  So now that you've opened this, you know, can of worms up, the first thing I'm  going to do is get off the phone.
  And, um, after I finished looking at merchandise that I'm going to order,  that's Duffy, then I'm going to start looking at, um, take it to, to Hawaii to  book a trip so that I can meet Olu for sure.
  Great.
  Great.
  I'm glad we're doing, we're doing the Lord's work here, spreading the word about  these characters.
  Yeah.
  And I'm just going to tell, I'm just going to tell my husband, like this all  spawned from this conversation.
  So when you start to get like eight tweets from him, just ignore them.
  Okay.
  We'll just block him from our account.
  So we won't even see it.
  Just block him, just block him, mute him, whatever.
  Sure.
  Um, so I, we have one listener question and then we'll wrap up.
  Um, this is from our listener, Matt Cardona, AKA Zach Ryder.
  Uh, he has a question for you.
  His question was, how can you take Duffy to universal?  Which is, I think is a specific question he might know, like he's, has  experiences.
  I think he's upset that you've taken Duffy into a universal park.
  Oh man.
  So Matt, Matthew Cardona, really hilarious story, by the way, the first time, um,  Cody and I hung out with him on a, uh, a Disney trip.
  Um, we, we meant to went to meet him at the hotel and he had said, yeah,  everything's under my name, but we're driving into the resort.
  We had stopped and we asked, who are we coming to meet?  And he said, yeah, we're going to meet him at the hotel.
  And he said, yeah, we're coming to meet.
  And all I knew his name was Zach Ryder.
  So I almost got denied at Disney getting in because I didn't, I knew his name was  Matt something, but I didn't know it was Cardona.
  So we had, we had all kinds of drama from the beginning.
  So that, that gives you a little bit of what our relationship with Zach is like.
  Um, but yes, Zach formented me.
  I posted a picture at, um, outside of Hogwarts a couple of weeks ago, holding  Duffy up, um, in front of the castle.
  And, uh, Zach freaked out about it.
  He does not like the cross brand at all.
  He thinks that's disgusting.
  Um, and you know, I, I do think it's controversial, but sometimes you've got to  do, you got to have a little bit of controversy.
  I mean, you gotta have a little bit of fun, you know, he immediately  texted me and asked me if I was, um, not from the United States because he,  says constantly that people who are from other countries are the ones that do  this and that they don't know any better.
  And so he, he was very, very upset with me, very angry.
  And, um, I plan on bringing Duffy when we go to, um, Halloween Horror  Nights this year too, so he's going to be really mad.
  Oh, well, you know, I think I'll be honest.
  I think he's wrong about this too, because it's like going to, you know,  a Rolling Stones concert and you wear an Aerosmith shirt, that's kind of  the cool move to do actually.
  I kind of agree.
  I kind of agree.
  It gets people talking like, Oh, Hey, what's that?  Oh, Duffy.
  Oh yeah.
  I forgot about that.
  I, I am all for it.
  I think Duffy can go anywhere.
  I think you may be pushing it a little bit.
  If you're wearing.
  Universal.
  That might be a little bit much.
  If you're wearing your Harry Potter robe at a Disney park, that's a little bit  much, but if you just got Duffy hanging off the top of your, your bag, I think  it's okay.
  Sure.
  I'm sure we'll, we'll have this argument for her months on end and then I'll do  something else that makes them super angry.
  So.
  If you're taking Duffy to Halloween Horror Nights, I would need at least a Duffy to  make it through Halloween Horror Nights.
  Oh, come on.
  Halloween Horror Nights for everyone, man.
  You know, Zach used to hate Halloween Horror Nights.
  He, he was scared of them going and I made him go and now he loves it.
  Now he acts like it's his thing when it really was mine.
  Oh, okay.
  Yes.
  This is the same situation with me.
  I recently have gotten into the haunts, so now I will be going to the Horror  Nights, so I'm, I'm very on board now.
  Um, well, I was.
  Now you gotta bring your Duffy.
  Oh yeah.
  No, I'll bring him.
  I've brought him to different places before.
  Uh, I was going to say also to make Zach mad, maybe you bring like a  minion doll to Disney World.
  Oh my God.
  He would, he would get so, so offended.
  I think he wouldn't even want to walk around together.
  Like he'd be that angry about it.
  Or maybe like try to feel it and throw it away or something.
  Like he's very, very vindictive in these such an angry person to love  Disney, like Happy Park, you know?  You know, there is one thing that I want to say about Disney here, uh, in the  States is man, they really showed up.
  He no love whatsoever.
  He has one meet and greet at Epcot, like once a year.
  I've every time I'm there, he'd never had, he's never out for a meet and  greet.
  I think it's terrible.
  Yeah, I agree.
  Uh, he used to be out here because we're in California and he used to have a  little meet and greet spot that that, and that's just gone now.
  So you can still buy him, but yeah, you can't.
  It was a California adventure on the pier.
  Something's gotta happen.
  And do they still have Oswald at California adventure?  He's hanging around.
  Yeah.
  But less, it's the less of a chance of seeing him.
  It used to be, you'd always see him out and now it's less of Oswald, I think.
  I saw Oswald one time and it was, um, where I was kind of on the fence of like  getting behind Oswald.
  Like I was thinking maybe, maybe I'm an Oswald fan.
  And then I walked into the park and there he was.
  And I went running towards him cause I wanted to get a picture and he left.
  He just waved at me and left.
  And I thought to myself, Oswald, how many people do you actually have out  here that give a damn that you can turn me away like this?  So that was it with me and Oswald.
  Like we're not friends anymore.
  I made the change that day, that moment.
  No more Oswald.
  That happened to me with some of the three caviaros said it still kind of burns me up.
  Hurtful.
  It's very hurtful.
  Yeah.
  No, for sure.
  So, okay.
  So yeah, to sum up down with Oswald up with Duffy and friends.
  Yeah.
  So we will say thank you so much for joining us Brandy Rhodes.
  You have survived podcast, the ride.
  As usual, we will have our guests now what we call exit through the gift shop.
  So plug away Twitter, plug AEW, anything you have coming up.
  Go ahead.
  You guys have anything coming up?  Oh, I have no idea what you could be referring to, but, but obviously yes.
  We have a huge show, May 25th at MGM Grand Garden Arena.
  Um, I think it's sold out.
  No, obviously definitely sold out.
  Um, but, uh, you know, it's going to be a super great time.
  Um, check out all elite wrestling on Twitter and Instagram.
  And if you want to check me out, I'm the Brandy Rhodes on both Twitter and Instagram.
  Awesome.
  Yeah.
  Uh, I will be at double or nothing.
  It's going to be very fun.
  I have a, I have a feeling it's going to be fun.
  Uh, I was at all in as well.
  Uh, very, very fun.
  So I implore everyone, every Duffy fan to attend if they can or watch on TV or a  streaming service of some kind.
  Yeah.
  Oh, absolutely.
  So yeah, again, thank you so much for doing this and we will, uh, uh, mute  your husband and also yell at Zach Ryder for you.
  Please.
  Oh, you guys made my day.
  Thank you so much.
  Well, thanks to Brandy, uh, Brandy Rhodes for just talking to us about  Duffy the Disney bear and honestly, like, I was so happy to hear about like the  narratives about her Duffy's and stuff.
  Like I, I couldn't, our dog, our dog is having a nightmare on Lindsey's lap.
  Oh, and now he's surprised and embarrassed just like me.
  Uh, yeah, I think Brandy's, uh, relationship with Duffy is like a lot of us.
  We all have our boundaries.
  We all have our like, uh, tastes with popular culture.
  Like, uh, but I think honestly, and it's a thing that you see on these message  boards is that the fact that Duffy and his friends don't have such a specific  personality is fun because I've created my own narrative in my head about Duffy  and his friends and obviously she has as well.
  And I think that is a very common thing among, uh, Duffy, Duffy  collectors around the world.
  You have.
  You always do with your dolls.
  Yes, it is.
  It is true.
  I mean, one always does with one.
  No, me specifically.
  I heard what you said.
  We, let's read back the copy.
  My dolls had very complicated relationships.
  My, uh, Duffy was in ED, he liked to dance music and he would regularly dance to EDM.
  Um, I used to do that as a kid.
  My sister and I would take the dolls and they would, we would give them like  different weird person at like bar or bar and her Barney doll would be like, uh,  I guess we thought it was funny.
  Like he'd be a drunk or whatever, but that's, we were kids.
  We didn't know that was a weird thing to do.
  Like we go in like her, uh, Fisher price kitchen and like, I give them like a  non, like a nonspecific bottle and you'd be like, oh, like that would be funny for  us to do a regular game of mine as a kid was pretending that I was showing up to a  bar and getting drunk because my husband was sleeping with his secretary.
  How old were you?  11.
  My goodness.
  You weren't familiar with this dynamic.
  Me and my friend would basically perform a dramatic improv scene of me showing up  to their bar to complain about my horrible husband cheating on me.
  Geez.
  Lydia and I were both big Turner classic movies.
  In the fourth grade, apparently I told my mom that my favorite movie was sunset  Boulevard.
  Oh my God.
  Oh wow.
  Third grade.
  That's like Jason said that third grade too.
  I remember watching that at a very young age on TV and being excited because I  knew it was like a big thing because of the great movie ride.
  It was like in the queue or in the montage or something.
  I knew I'm ready for my closeup.
  Mr.
  DeVille.
  And you dreamed about coming out to LA and ending up face down in Norman  Desmond's pool.
  I wanted to go to the poker game with all of the ancient silent film stars playing  it.
  And then yes, ending up in the pool.
  So we'll talk a little.
  So anyway, so there are now how many totals Duffy characters.
  There's Duffy.
  There's Shelley Mae.
  There's Jelitoni.
  The Italian painter cat.
  There's Cookie the dog chef.
  There's Tippie Blue the bird brain to mailman.
  Olu the turtle.
  Turtle loves to play his ukulele.
  Turtle who loves to play his ukulele.
  And Jelitoni uses melted ice cream.
  Uses his tail to paint with.
  That's right.
  Dips it in melted ice cream.
  And then Stella Liu, who's a rabbit.
  She's a dancer.
  She's also a ballet dancer.
  Well, I think it's kind of neat that they're releasing them.
  So many artists.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Encourages artistic expression.
  I think it's neat that these characters are in different.
  Some of them are like park exclusives to Hong Kong or out Lani or whatever that you  have to go travel to meet them or to get them.
  Now is that a little crass?  Like what's a way we can trick people into coming to the parks?  Potentially.
  But also, like, I think we.
  People love exclusivity.
  Yeah.
  And we keep coming back to this, whether it's it's Rex or whatever.
  Like somebody you have to go to a place to say I think that's why we love park  specific characters.
  Botanica is like you can only meet this person in this place.
  So there's this collect them all type mythology to the Duffy characters.
  It's not unlike the sea.
  I feel like the mythology of see these these Disney explorers is like encouraging  people to travel the world.
  Don't just stick to the American parks.
  Go to all of them.
  Is that more money for us?  Yes.
  But you could also view it as like as we both went.
  We went to Japan and experienced lots of other cool stuff like perhaps lured by Disney.
  It's like encouraging people to be world travelers in general.
  Yeah.
  Sail the seas as Mickey did with Duffy.
  They tricked us into getting culture.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  We better do some culture while we're there a little bit.
  It's going to have like robots in it, though.
  Yeah, for sure.
  So look, if I don't there's no way to post all of these screenshots.
  I'm just going to find one of our favorites.
  One of the old favorites Lindsay and I had was when greatest hits.
  And I mentioned this a little bit with Brandy talking about Duffy and Shelly May's  relationship.
  This might be my favorite.
  Oh, boy.
  And I'm having trouble finding the exact quote I know that's in your head right now.
  And there it's a boyfriend girlfriend scenario.
  Well, it's funny you should ask that.
  OK, so because insert phrase that's in my head right now.
  Well, all I know is the phrase is that somebody a lot of people are very adamant that  Duffy and Shelly May are not lovers, that they are just it's platonic.
  They have their perfect love.
  Their love is a perfect love.
  Is a perfect love, but it's platonic.
  It is nothing romantic or sexual.
  There's a poll on the message board of OK, Duffy's relationship to Shelly May.
  What do you think?  And there were four different choices.
  And I will go around the room and we'll all decide what we think each.
  Sweethearts, brother, sister, which that's I didn't even.
  Anyway, just friends or other.
  This is like the Jack and Meg White debate.
  Yes, it is.
  It's exactly the same.
  Oh, just as cool as that.
  So, Jason, I'll start with you in your mind, in your narrative of Duffy  and Shelly May, what is their relationship?  Well, I I think it's all very wholesome.
  So I think sweethearts like that sounds right to me.
  Imagining them sharing a milkshake.
  But sweethearts can lead to sex.
  Well, look, wherever that milk starts with a milkshake,  who knows where it goes from there?  Wherever that milk leads boys to the yard.
  I'm just saying wherever that milk, where that milk, you know,  look at Archie, look at how Archie started in the early 20th century.
  And look at fucking Riverdale now.
  I mean, my God, they're singing milkshake on the top of the fucking Pops  chocolate shop.
 You can't watch it.
  It's too unwholesome for me.
  Duffy Dale.
 Duffy Dale.
  Soon they're going to be fucking teens and fucking.
  You know, I got to say, because I when they first introduced Stella Liu,  I had a bad feeling about her.
  Seems like a little bit of a home record.
  Wow.
 I got to say.
  So slut shaming.
  Stella Liu.
  Not slut shaming.
  I'm saying like, I don't know.
  I feel like I feel like Shelly May was going to, you know,  their friend who hasn't been introduced yet, who's a private investigator.
  Like, can you poke her like nothing official?  But can you ask around?  She just showed up.
  She showed up in town.
  She just showed up in town.
  Who shows up in town in Riverdale?  Huh?  Stella Liu shows up in Riverdale.
  No, this is like this is like a mystery story.
  Oh, OK.
  I think it was a direct line to Riverdale.
  There is lots of mystery elements to Riverdale.
  So that probably happened.
  Like Sherry Blossom shows up with Cheryl Blossom.
  Cheryl Blossom, excuse me,  probably shows up with like a briefcase full of cash at some point.
  Sure.
  So your answer is really other sweethearts that could lead to more.
  Sweethearts and what people do on their own time is their own business.
  I'll say this.
  The thing that keeps me up at night is Cookie.
  The dog is a dog who makes waffles, but her name is Cookie.
  I don't know about that.
  She can probably make waffles and cookies.
  I feel like the emphasize, though, that she makes cookies.
  Well, I do feel like a lot of like diners back in the day  or in prison or at camp or whatever you call the cook Cookie.
  Interesting.
  That's it's a nickname for a chef.
  Sure.
 I guess I guess I could see that.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  Well, Lindsay, what is your preference?  What are my options again?  Sweethearts, brother and sister, just friends or other sweethearts.
  So sweethearts.
 OK.
  But it only goes as far as chased kisses.
  Oh, I like that's nice.
  I like that's nice.
 Yeah, Scott.
  Realize we're talking about teddy bears here, but this there's sweethearts.
  It is not an option for sweethearts to go beyond being sweethearts.
  Well, it's not OK.
  I think that's what other would be.
  Other would be day fucking.
  I guess these teddy bears are not currently fucking,  but if there's a possibility that they will fuck, they can't be sweethearts.
  I well, I would say they're all hearts to me, especially on this message board.
  They probably meant like, oh, they're going steady and they're just, you know,  they kiss a little bit, but it's not like they're not.
  Mary doesn't say lovers.
  It doesn't say Mary, because of Mary, they have to have a boyfriend.
  Girlfriend.
 But you just eliminated.
  You put up a wall between if they one day consummate,  that can't mean sweethearts now.
  Oh, I just think so.
 You told Jason.
  I think the mission.
  Think you were just asking Jason his definition of sweethearts.
  Well, I think sweethearts itself on this does omit a strong sexual relationship  in the current state, given what that I know about them,  which is I'm gleaning from them being stuffed animals sitting on your couch right now  and teaching some and holding hands, I might add, holding hands.
  They are, in fact, Mike made them all dance.
  I also saw them in the Easter show at Disney Sea, where they teach some.
  Oh, now, Jelatoni is holding hands with.
 Oh, this changes everything.
  Are they sweethearts now?  Their love is a perfect love.
  Yeah, it's not at all like they're popular in a country  where they have things called love hotels.
  Japan's love is a perfect love.
  Sweethearts is the answer.
  They're sweethearts.
 We're all sweethearts.
  I think they're just friends.
  So you're on the their love is a perfect love.
  Perfect love, just friends.
  I don't think there's anything romantic going on.
  Now, if you were to ask me about Jelatoni, do I think?  Jelatoni fucks.
  He's a tomcat for sure.
 Jelatoni fucks.
  I mean, you look at these two, what are they?  What could they do? Jelatoni can get it.
  Yeah, Jelatoni can get it is really what I'm trying to say.
  With who?  If you're backpacking through Europe,  if you are a cat undergrad who is backpacking through Europe  and you meet Jelatoni.
 He's a Italian.
  He's got a cool beret.
 He's him.
  Yeah, he is.
  He is.
 And someone says, how was your backpacking trip?  Well, let me start by telling you about Jelatoni.
  We know who's backpacking.
  It's that bird.
  Well, I know he's sure.
  He's delivering mail.
  I, yeah.
  Oh, that's a boy.
  Well, Dave, on vacation is a good time to experiment.
  You know, Tippi Blue, as I alluded before,  I think Tippi Blue is really getting buried.
  And I wish they would kind of bring Tippi Blue back to the fold  a little more.
  Let's do that with the backstory that they're lovers.
  Tippi Blue and Jelatoni are together.
  The Tippi, yeah, the Tippi Blue.
  I vote other for them.
  I'm getting a real sense that Scott hates the relationship  talk about these characters.
  It's like, sure, why don't we pair these two up?  No, no, no.
  No, now that you've, no, actually,  Mike empowered me to create my own stories.
  Right.
  Now I'm playing like you in the Barney as a kid.
  No, I'm enjoying it.
  I'll say this.
  Jelatoni and the bird have fun together, guys.
  The Disney Sea show, live show,  the Tippi Blue always rings twice,  did not run for very long.
  That was a very erotic show.
  What a reach.
  What a reach.
  That is a film noir reference, everybody.
  Yeah, it's been remade a couple times.
  That's true.
  So look, I've gotten to about 25% of material I have.
  We have to obviously end the show.
  Let's just final thoughts of all the characters.
  I thought you were gonna read a definitive answer  of the couple.
  Oh, let me read what the definitive answer  from the board is, you're right.
  I guess I get that, thank you.
  So with 4% of the vote, other.
  With 8% of the vote, brother and sister.
  No, that's wrong.
  Freaks.
  32% of the vote, just friends.
  And 56% say sweethearts.
  Yes, correct.
  Absolutely.
  Something about the suggestion  that they are brother and sister  does make me think that they're fucking.
  But only if they're brother and sister.
  Sweethearts, nothing but chased kisses.
  But brother and sister, that's not right.
  Brother and step sister.
  It doesn't feel right to me.
  They look so similar.
  They do look very similar.
  It's weird about them being sweethearts to me.
  They both have Mickey faces.
  They have the same birthmark,  a giant Mickey Mouse face on their face.
  And they have Mickey on their feet.
  We forgot to bring that up.
  All of them have Mickey on their feet.
  Or Mickey feet.
  Oh yeah, tippy blue as well.
  Wow, still on the tiny little bird legs.
  On the tiny bird legs.
  So yeah, look.
  They're all related, so any pairing  between any of them is against God's will.
  And God in this case is Minnie against Minnie's will.
  And God in this case is me  because I am the final judge of quality.
  I am the final judge of quality.
  I do think though that with Duffy based shopping seasons,  if they did a wedding season,  Duffy and Shelly May are getting married.
  I think that would be the biggest money maker.
  We'd have to go get those closed.
  We'd have to fly there.
  Who's the best man, who's the maid of honor?  Oh well, Geletoni is coming solo to the wedding  and he doesn't have a new job.
  He doesn't have a new job.
  They aren't even sure he's gonna make it.
  Yeah, right.
  We'll give him a seat, but he's probably not gonna show.
  Is Mickey the best man or is tippy blue the best man?  I think Mickey is the best man.
  I think so too.
  I think he has to be.
  I thought tippy blue is pissed.
  And then Minnie is maid of honor.
  Minnie maid of honor.
  Minnie of honor.
  Minnie of honor.
  The tippy blue is the ring bearer.
  Yeah.
  Oh, he's flying the ring.
  He's delivering it.
  Yeah.
  And then.
  What's that bunny doing?  Stella Lou obviously flower girl.
  She got the tutu,  which I don't know why that makes any sense.
  Cookie is catering.
  Cookie is catering.
  Did the cake.
  Right.
  Olu is the entertainment.
  Olu plays his ukulele.
  There you go.
  This is a grand.
  Grand affair.
  We did it.
  And then like in the audience,  Mike Leisner, Bob Iger,  all the different heads.
  Paul Pressler.
  Paul Pressler, Bob Chapek,  all the different people that worked.
  That K-pop band that I wish I could pull  out of my hat right now.
  That Mickey dance with.
  That is his birthday.
  Oh, U571.
  That's not right.
  Like BTX, I think they were just here.
  Something.
  Anyway, wouldn't that have been nice?  So.
  I don't remember that.
  So yeah, this is really,  we're coming to the end of obviously part one  of a multi-part Duffy saga.
  So yeah, we can't sum up our thoughts.
  I will just say that the gelatoni,  there's a whole other section  where people were upset that gelatoni  brought a vibe to this dynamic.
  People were thinking that he was a little lascivious  and they didn't care for it because these two are so like.
  Their love is a perfect love.
  The perfect love,  but they're also very like low key feeling.
  He's aggressive.
  He's a painter and a dancer.
  Like him and Stella Lu are bringing some mood.
  He brought.
 Big mood.
  Gelatoni brought an energy to the group  that was not comfortable to a lot of the message.
  I forgot about that.
  I like it.
  I like the expansion of this universe.
  I think Disney Plus, let's do it.
  Let's make it happen.
  It's crazy they haven't tried  because it could help.
  You know, expand the brand in America.
  But it's also, isn't it sort of Hello Kitty-esque  in that huge in Japan exists primarily as merchandise.
  There are Hello Kitty cartoons and shows,  but there isn't like the famous one.
  There isn't the movie.
  Right.
  It does.
  It also, in addition to initially being  them trying to do Build-A-Bear,  it feels like them trying to do Hello Kitty.
  Yeah, I think.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, that's a good point.
  Valiant, Ted.
  Boy, it's working there.
  They sit nicely next to each other in Japan.
  So.
 And on our couch.
  And on our couch.
  And usually upstairs by my like toy shelves.
  You know, it's in just stray Duffy thoughts.
  The, when I was in Japan,  I went to a, the first Disney store I went to,  I was like, oh, look, it's Duffy's.
  Because up on the shelves,  there were like teddy bears of Chip and Dale,  dressed like the beast you helped me decipher.
  Cause it's in a red, in a purple cape  and a kind of a goatee.
  And I was like, oh, okay, so these are Duffy's.
  That is not correct.
  What I was looking at was something called Unibarsity.
  And Unibarsity is, okay, let's be very clear.
  These are not Duffy's.
  These are Disney's.
  These are Disney bears who dress like the characters.
  Not like you have a costume of Duffy as Lightning McQueen.
  So this is a whole other.
  So like, we not only have Duffy to do,  Unibarsity is an entire other thing we have to grapple with.
  Were you familiar with Unibarsity before?  I obviously knew cause you sent me those pictures,  but I did not know that was the name of it.
  I didn't actually, I don't know the scope of the merchandise.
  This is a second Disney bit.
  There's a whole other.
  Now are they friends?  What vibe do they bring to the group?  And then there's the Soom Sooms.
  That was very, that was short term.
  And then I saw someone, God, I can't remember the name now.
  Somewhat like there was a bunch of Soom Sooms  on like Clearance or at the outlets and stuff.
  It's like, oh, they've already been replaced  by the Cuddles or something.
  Like there's another Disney cute thing.
  And there's a lot of the characters specifically  on their tummies sleeping, like kind of in baby form.
  Like you'll see like Peter Pan or Pluto or whatever  in baby form taking a nap.
  So there's that too.
  So we got to deal with Unibarsity,  we got to deal with Naps, the Nap Crew.
  It's overwhelming how much there is.
  There's so much, but I think Disney Plus is the place  to do an Avengers of Bears.
  Yeah, because I mean in like downtown Disney,  like they've already, we've already seen multiple,  like Duffy's been pushed out,  the Build-A-Bear's even been pushed out  for like craft burgers and beer.
  And then upstairs it's fucking, or craft shakes downstairs,  craft beer upstairs.
  Like the trends have already turned over under 10 years.
  I'm liking what it's turning into.
  What's that?  I'm liking what it's turning into  because it was definitely in need  of what people are into now update.
  Yeah.
  Eating okay food.
  Yeah.
  That's a trend of 2019.
  Reasonably good $50 burgers.
  Yeah.
  I also, I mean, my other big takeaway from Disney Sea was,  well, so I got lucky,  I got to see the Duffy side of the Easter show.
  Like it's a show where three barges are coming for you.
  And are you gonna get Mickey and Minnie?  Are you gonna get Chip and Dale?  Are you gonna get Duffy Crew?  I got Duffy Crew.
  I didn't end up seeing a separate Duffy show  because that felt like the Duffy show to me.
  So I feel like I got to spend a lot of good time with them.
  That helped me understand them more,  seeing them in action,  teaching chicken creatures how to dance.
  But in waiting for that,  I saw a gelatoni dressed as the female aristocat.
  The white fur.
  And this is the cutest thing I've ever,  like this made me fall.
  Oh wow.
  Great.
  80% did my heart for Duffy and Friends jump.
  I think gelatoni is my favorite.
  Another, like right next to another pal playing  with gelatoni right next to, oh, and oh, I'm sorry.
  And she is also wearing a little beret and ears.
  So she is dressed like gelatoni with a gelatoni  in a costume.
  I just, I'm like, every character combo, please.
  You just said Avengers of Duffy?  Like every Marvel character available as a costume  for these cats and bears would be wondrous.
  Yeah, I do think going to Tokyo changes  because he is a character in that park  and not at all in ours.
  Like seeing the Duffy show at the place we ate.
  Oh yeah, I mean we rarely talk about that.
  Yeah, we saw the Duffy show and his origin story.
  I loved, I'll just steal the percentage from you.
  I don't know how much of a percent it was though.
  Like I loved Duffy 80% more  when he was an adorable Japanese bear.
  Yeah, sure.
  Speaking in Japanese.
  Yeah, oh sure.
  I was like, oh, I am very much behind Duffy being Japanese.
  Oh, now how did that change things?  No, we haven't talked about how Duffy sounds.
  What kind of character is Duffy?  Yeah, I've never heard Duffy except in Japan  and I was like, he better only sound like this ever.
  He sounds cute.
  He just sounds fucking cute.
  He's real cute.
  If it was a more complicated answer than that,  that'd be a bummer, so I'm glad.
  I also forgot to mention earlier in the episode,  Lindsay did eBay Shelly Mae for me.
  Yes, that Shelly Mae I got for you.
  That is how eventually I got Shelly Mae  and my sister eBayed Gelatoni for me.
  Oh, so they're all gifts.
  None of them were just bought for you.
  These are gifts.
  That's true.
  Marissa Strickland got me, Jason and I tippy blue  like five years ago from Japan.
  And then a listener cookie.
  And then a listener says cookie.
  So the mini spirit is alive.
  That's really nice.
  So mini spirit.
  That's true.
  These are all gifts really.
  So yes, I have all of these.
  So I'm waiting for someone to give to me,  Stella Liu and Olu, but it would be good if we went.
  We should go to buy them.
  But one of you has to give it as a gift to the brother.
  Yes, that's true, in the spirit of it.
  Yeah, you will hand me the money to buy it  and then I will hand it to you  as though I'm giving it to you.
  And I will sell it like I'm,  that's how it happened that you were just giving it to me  for an occasion.
  Let me ask you this.
  Did someone give you what appears to be  a four inch Unkar plot, which is down at ankle level?  Wow, funny story.
  Jason is referencing a toy down there  that I bought when I was buying a gift  for a friend's birthday the other day.
  He is incorrectly identified  that Star Wars character's Unkar plot.
  It is not Unkar plot.
  It is Dexter Jekster, the space diner owner  from Attack of the Clones.
  We were in a riot once.
  You fucking idiot.
  Oh no, we're wrapping up the show  with me being owned just like we started.
  You are wrong.
  That said, we were in a riot once  and there was a rack of Star Wars toys  of just Unkar plots.
  Yeah, I think that's right.
  Yeah.
  So anyway, if anyone wants to know.
  It's a good serial, just plots.
  Yeah.
  Have you talked about the Mickey  that I got you from Japan?  No, well, we talked about that on the show.
  We did talk about that.
  Yeah, I think so.
  Yeah, we did talk about that.
  The best gifts I've ever gotten.
  Crazy exclusive Mickey from Tokyo.
  Oh, it looks like a mascot  or it looks like the walk around character.
  Yes, and it's only available to special Disney,  like Tokyo Disney club members that pay a fee.
  They have to have an address in Japan  and then they have to go to the park  in a certain couple of weeks  to get the exclusive merchandise.
  So all of this stuff is on eBay.
  And yeah, anyway.
  That's a scheme worthy of the message boards  who got the 20% uptick convenience fee, whatever it was.
  So yes, that was a very good gift, the best gift.
  So Duffy is a very cute character.
  Yeah, yeah it was.
  Who is very complicated to get  and complicates people's lives.
  Drives them insane.
  Duffy does have a rich backstory with us.
  That is personal to us.
  Here's a picture of him that's very coy.
  That also kind of looks like a headshot.
  That was the Duffy we saw everywhere  and we were like who the fuck is this?  Yeah, yeah.
  It changes things.
  That Duffy is not as cute as Japan Duffy.
  That Duffy is a hastily thrown together  the initial thing that we all,  the initial impression we all got from it.
  That Duffy was like third supporting lead  in like the second Dabney Coleman sitcom  where America was like no thank you,  no more Dabney please.
  Don't need four more please.
  Now that I have said such horrible things  about that photo I feel very,  I feel like very bad about saying all those mean things  about that Duffy.
  Really, immediately?  Yeah.
  But that Duffy's not as good.
  He's too coy, he's too coy.
  I got really sad throwing away my loofah, my shower poof.
  Does it have eyes and a face or anything?  No.
  Oh, that's enough of a character to you?  Yeah.
  I'm sorry.
  I don't know why I didn't, you're pretty new.
  I didn't really need to go and buy a new one.
  You served me well.
  I get that.
  I feel bad.
  I feel bad when I sell things or throw things away.
  I once made my sister,  I had my, right before we went on vacation to Disney World,  I made all of her stuffed animals talk and say,  we're gonna miss you, we wanna go with you.
  So she stuffed them all into the suitcase  without my mom knowing.
  And then my mom opened the suitcase  and there were like 10 stuffed animals in there.
  And she's like, what is this?  She's like, Mike made me feel bad.
  But like, obviously I felt bad.
  Like I wanted to take them.
  I felt like they were gonna be left behind.
  Yeah.
  So what's wrong with me?  You took the queen mattress that I got  for my first apartment back in LA.
  We were already planning on replacing it  and you already took it off the bed  and hauled it down to the dumpster.
  So that when I came home and I was like,  I didn't even have a chance to say goodbye to it.
  I felt really sad.
  You're living in Pixar worlds where everything is alive  and might be mad that you're.
  Yeah.
  What are you?  It's like a nightmare of Marie Kondo,  like having to thank everything for what it's done for me.
  I was gonna ask what your thoughts were on her.
  Like, does it help or are you just like, no, absolutely not.
  It's what I already thought.
  It's how I already felt.
  Yeah.
  All right, well, let's end the episode  on a sad note of a melancholy.
  What else does Jason do?  Jason does a lot of weird shit.
  Well, I'm a sea captain,  so naturally I spent a lot of time on the ocean.
  Naturally.
  Aw.
  We'll salute you on your next voyage.
  Edwin is a part of the Demi family now.
  Some weight.
  Someone take a picture of this while it's before he.
  Someone do the end of show roundup.
  You take care of photos.
  Oh my God.
  I will.
  Oh my God.
  I will say, Lindsay K.
 Tell you Survived podcast is the ride.
  Did I though?  For the second time.
  I think so.
  If you can make it out a little easier  than saying goodbye to your mattress or your loofah.
  Thanks for being here.
  Hey, let's, we said your stuff at the top,  but let's exit through the gift shop too.
  What's the way to, where people find you and your stuff.
  You can find my podcast, Teen Creeps,  wherever you typically listen to podcasts.
  We talk about YA pulp fiction of the 80s and 90s.
  And then we also throw in like a fun cult classic movie  every now and then like The Craft or Lost Boys.
  I host that with my friend, Kelly Nugent  and keep on looking out for Infinity Train.
  Just Google Infinity Train once every month or so.
  Yeah, hopefully we get to talk about it soon.
  But that will be premiering this year.
  It will be this year.
  Yeah, it's a show on Cartoon Network  about a girl who gets on a mystical train  with an endless number of cars.
  Each one its own pocket universe.
  You can find the short on YouTube.
  Does one of the cars have like a bear though?  I can't fucking say, Scott.
  Oh, all right.
  How many times?  I just don't want her to be alone on her journey.
  She might make a couple of friends.
  Oh, okay.
  Hopefully.
  As for us, check us out at the second gate  at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  Check us out at podcast the ride on Twitter, Instagram.
  We got a Facebook group, there's Reddit.
  You can buy our shirts on T public  and there will be no 20% uptick service charge for.
  What was that?  I still don't understand the math.
  There's no smuggling involved if you wanna buy our shirts.
  That's what I can tell you.
  Yeah, there's no smuggling fee.
  Additional smuggling fee.
  Yeah, it's just straight.
  You see is what you're paying for.
  No extra shipping and handling.
  Unless somebody's making rare podcast ride shirts in Japan.
  Oh yeah, maybe.
  Which case, cool.
  Yeah, that would be cool.
  I would buy one of those.
  I'm not so obsessed.
  And $118 on my shirt for your show.
  A bootleg botanica shirt.
  A bootleg of a bootleg looking shirt would be.
  That's a good idea.
  Yes, the ripoff of the ripoff.
  Oh, yes.
  All right, well, and there were a lot of good  arts and crafts opportunities.
  I think we presented during this episode.
  Go back and listen to them and send them back to us.
  Lots of homework, get to it.
  Bye.
 Bye.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bowen, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  Engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram,  at Forever Dog Team, and liking our page on Facebook.
