 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Cowabunga, dudes and dudettes.
  It's a podcast to ride the second gate.
  How else would we start this episode?  Pizza power, man.
  Pizza power, peace and love, pizza power.
  My name is Mike Carlson,  joining me is always Jason Sheridan.
  I'm Jason Sheridan and pizza gives me strength.
  Scott Gertner's here also.
  Hey, what's up?  Happening.
  I wasn't gonna save this observation  till deeper into the episode,  but in both the tape of the Coming Out of Their Shells Tour  and the promotional appearance on the Oprah show  in which they did the full hour of Oprah,  in both scenarios, I believe Michelangelo  bursts onto the stage yelling,  Happening, which is not a phrase anyone ever said.
  That was not a cool youth phrase at any point.
  If whatever older actor was in that suit  consulted some sort of slang guide,  he must've misread it.
  Or there was something at the top saying like,  there's a lot of interesting phrases happening  with the youth today.
  And he thought that was one of the things on the list.
  Surfboard turtles, question mark?  Something with surfing.
  The closest thing I can think of is Austin Powers saying,  it's like, it's happening and it freaks me out, man.
  Like that's close.
  Happening might be like kind of that,  like a 60s groovy thing.
  He was mistakenly given a 60s slang list  and part of it was redacted, like Watergate papers.
  And we ended up with Happening.
  But this episode is pretty Happening, wouldn't you say?  Yeah, I would, their voices are very funny.
  I mean, they were always funny in the cartoon,  but especially these voices.
  And I think one is the same, Leonardo, I think,  is the same guy from the cartoon, I believe.
  They're really the cartoon spirit  and more so than the movie.
  Like, let me play, there's a lot of audio  and we'll link to a lot of,  this is a clip from the making of special.
  By the way, in case you don't know what we're talking about,  the Ninja Turtles went on tour in what, 1991?  In 1990.
  Or 1990, yeah, yeah.
  The second thing was in 91, which do we know about that?  I did find out about that.
 That's the Six Flags one.
  Yeah.
  The stripped down version.
  Yeah, so they went on a tour  called Coming Out of Our Shells.
  Coming Out of Their Shells.
  Coming Out of Their Shells.
  Despite the song being Coming Out of Our Shells.
  I'm already getting very confused.
  Which I saw and Mike saw it, Scott, did you see it?  No, no, I didn't.
  Oh no.
 And I wasn't sure how to calibrate,  like I even wrote down, like,  did this tape loom large in your childhoods?  It was more than the tape, you guys went.
  Yeah, we did.
 And we went.
  I'm very jealous.
  And I think when I put together that this, like,  I might've watched the tape and thought,  well, when did this happen in 1974, long before I was born?  And no, no, no, I was alive and I could have seen it  and my parents didn't take me.
  I guess there's no other determination to make  except that my parents are bad parents.
  I was able.
  I may have thought that to myself circa 1992.
  And then they toured again and I didn't see that either.
  Yeah, that's criminal.
  Yeah, that's what I was like,  oh, am I sure I saw this one?  Then a few things happened that I was able to pinpoint this.
  One, I found the dates, the run dates in Philadelphia.
  And it ran December 23rd to December 27th, 1990.
  So my father would have taken probably just me at that age  because I would have been in kindergarten to see it at the,  I found out this in the morning call,  Philadelphia's third most popular newspaper.
  In the Philadelphia, it was at the Philadelphia Civic Center,  which is where the 76ers used to play before the spectrum,  where they don't play anymore.
  This is like the multiple locations ago,  but it was a large entertainment complex  at a convention center attached to.
  So I saw it there and my father informed me that when  in the 60s and 70s, when the Sixers were playing there,  they didn't have a huge fan base.
  So he was like, yeah, me and my brother used to go down.
  It was really cheap.
  You'd pay 75 cents a ticket for the cheap seats.
  And then you do what's called the Philly crawl.
  And I was like, what is the Philly crawl?  And he's like, that's where you buy the cheap seats.
  And then when the show starts, you make your way to the front.
  And I was like, wow, I didn't know that had a name.
  And also I did that in Philadelphia  when the Pixies reunited in 2004.
  So like father likes that, I guess.
  You learned from the best.
  We all did it at that Batman live.
  Or didn't you guys separately go to the Batman live?  Oh, I don't think I ever ended up saying that.
  I wasn't hanging out with you guys yet,  but we bought pretty cheap tickets  and then got into the Staples Center  and realized no one is in the Staples Center.
  The Philly crawl is available to us here in Los Angeles.
  I mean, there's so much to talk about,  but let's super clarify.
  The Ninja Turtles did a tour.
  This is a common thing.
  Favorite children's characters tour the country.
  There's stunt shows, all the Marvel characters,  all the Batman characters, all the Paw Patrol characters.
  Was this a touring stunt show of the Ninja Turtles?  No, no, no.
  This was an original rock concert with original songs.
  The Turtles have put down their weapons  and started using instruments instead.
  This is a point that they hit over and over,  especially in the promotional materials  that Splinter taught them that actually the power of music  is stronger than the power of violence.
  And this allowed them to break their usual policy of secrecy  and proudly tour the country for many, many dates,  openly as the Ninja Turtles.
  But this presents a problem  because listing every city you're gonna be in,  you know you're gonna attract a shredder or two.
  And sure enough, every city that the Turtles were,  so was Shredder.
  The concert was interrupted and much conflict ensued.
  And that's what coming out of their shells was.
  Yeah, and like obviously for a first, I wanna quickly ask,  how into the Turtles were you to?  Big time.
  All my childhood art is Turtles.
  Okay, so yours is, yeah, cause I was,  it's like influences on my life is probably like  Simpsons, Ninja Turtles, Saturday Night Live.
  And you're still keeping the faith.
  Where's Buffett?  Buffett's climbing the charts.
  He's certainly in the top 10, but I'm,  he's might be like six.
  But it doesn't extend it through your life  the way that the Turtles have.
  Yes, if I see the Turtle toys,  just like the backing, the card that the toys would be on,  if I see like a picture of all of them on pegs  at like a toy store, it does something to me  that's so much stronger than any sort of sexual desire.
  The idea that I would go into the toy store and see Rose.
  You'd send us with your girlfriend in the room.
  She knows what I feel.
  She can hear it.
  No surprise to her.
  Another few brush strokes added to the portrait of Mike.
  Like there is nothing more.
  I can see it all now.
  Nothing more exciting to me  than walking down a Toys R Us aisle,  thinking in my head, oh, I wonder if there'll be new toys.
  And then getting there and seeing that,  Ray Fillet is a new toy, AKA Man Ray.
  He has two different names on the toy  and then in the comics.
  By your scale, I may need to re-answer my earlier question.
  Maybe I'm not that into the Ninja Turtles.
  Maybe I knew who the four were  and I did like jumps at school  and that is how into them I was.
  I'll say this.
  As we were watching the footage,  I saw a child hold up a set of lime green plastic num chucks  and I immediately flashed back to Chot  and I was like, I had that.
  I know I was at the show  because I know I bought that there.
  Yeah.
  That said, that was more of a nostalgic kick.
  Mike is still keeping the faith.
  We're surrounded by turtle stuff right now.
  That's true.
  That's true, yeah.
  There's a lot in the room.
  In a previous episode, I noted Leonardo's tail  that is so phallic that I stare at for most episodes.
  Didn't we find out that a turtle's tail is his penis?  Oh, that's right.
  Didn't somebody say that?  Yeah.
  So you are staring at Leonardo's penis  while we record this.
  He's behind me, so I just have to imagine it's there.
  I sure am.
  If you catch me drifting in most episodes,  that's what's happening.
  So yeah, so I don't want to get too,  I could go nuts for turtles.
  We have to get to this, but side character wise,  how many deep can you get, you think, both of you?  We get it, you like them the most.
  I'm just curious how deep,  because I'll be able to completely assess now,  like your level.
  I think I do not remember almost any of it.
  I think after Casey Jones and then as like an alt comics fan,  I know you, Soggy Jimbo, is kind of in the universe,  but that's a different comics creator thing.
  Right here, I'll start my list.
  Vanilla Ice.
  Fair, that's in the universe.
  I will accept that answer.
  But no, I recently, I realized I couldn't remember  the name of the two of my favorite characters as kids,  the snapping turtle and the werewolf.
  I don't remember what they were called  in the movie part two.
  Right, Jason, do you know?  Fuck, I used to know the term.
  I know I had the.
.
.
  Extra mutant horde.
  Yeah, I know I had the snapping turtle toy.
  Toca and Razor.
  I had no idea.
  Yeah, gone.
  And they should have been Bebop and Rocksteady,  because why wouldn't Shredder have his normal goons?  But they made up two other characters.
  But the movies don't really have Krang there,  I named one.
  Yes, they don't have Krang.
  They don't have any sort of Dimension X stuff.
  I was just texting with.
.
.
  Like I was always a kid.
  I liked the movies a lot.
  I probably loved the movies, but I was always like,  well, this isn't the real universe,  because Krang's not here.
  We're not in Dimension X.
  The Neutrino is with Michelangelo's alien girlfriend.
  They're nowhere to be found.
  Where are Wingnut and Screwloose?  Two of my favorites.
  Where's Mondo Gecko?  I mean, these characters absent from the films.
  You're a stressed out childhood.
  You're instead of enjoying these movies,  where's.
.
.
  Yeah, I wanted to see.
.
.
  Where's Stretcho?  Where's Pleek Pleek?  Because my Turtles hit at the same time as G.
I.
 Joe  and the Ghostbusters cartoon.
  So I was just always mashing those together.
  And it wasn't until after that,  it was X-Men and then Power Rangers.
  Power Rangers pretty quickly,  that was only a few years there.
  So that kind of died down for me pretty quickly.
  I'm still keeping the faith with the X-Men.
  I just bought an X-Men shirt on T-Public the other day.
  Sure.
  But the X-Men didn't come to your town  to play rock music for you.
  How much allegiance can you really have to them?  That's true.
  No, they had two great songs.
  There's the theme song to the pilot  and then the theme song to the 92 cartoon.
  All the way through, but they are not playing these songs.
  And they never addressed in a song that they wrote  what their favorite kind of food is.
  The X-Men play softball, that's about it.
  They're constant, they're always playing softball.
  That is a thing that X-Men do.
  They love to play softball against each other.
  So yeah, so I was just an insane kid.
  I guess that's really when my parents or people  should have known that I was different.
  My mutant power was being obsessed  more than the kids in the class.
  Because I, yeah, there was a, in kindergarten,  we were supposed to sing a song in front of the class  and everyone sang Twinkle Twinkle.
  And I got up there and I sang the whole Ninja Turtles theme.
  Nice.
  The whole Chuck Lorre, which is not a melodic song.
  It's kind of just like,  shah, nah, nah, nah, nah,  just kind of over and over again.
  I remember feeling like that may have been a bad choice  while I was doing it.
  I still have the memory of like, oh, this isn't okay.
  Your stunts are not going as well as.
  Yeah, but.
  I have an endearing kindergarten story that reminds me of.
  That's also pop culture based,  which was we were doing coloring  and I was given the page to color.
  It was just, I don't know,  whatever normal everyday life scenes.
  And I just took every crown  and a different person just got colored all over.
  And they're like, that's a very interesting choice  because there's so many people  are trying to color into lines and shade.
  And I was like, well, every character has been slimed.
  So that's why it was just like crazy.
  Creative.
  Yeah.
  There's, yeah.
  I have many a slimed picture, I think too.
  I was a big Ghostbusters kid as well.
  Not G.
I.
 Joe for some reason that skipped.
  I like Sergeant Slaughter now  because of the wrestling mix connection.
  But the, where am I going?  Lost my train of thought.
  You sang the song.
  You were disappointed you didn't lose your virginity  to a Ninja Turtle.
  Well, there was that sexy lady Ninja Turtle later on.
  Venus de Milo came in the next mutation.
  I certainly then, that was the first,  that was actually the first time I had any sort  of sexual feelings at all.
  By the time you hit third beats of the Herald,  the game starts to break down.
  But yeah, I am still in my thirties.
  There are, this company NECA is making unbelievable turtles.
  That's that Raphael one in the trench coat.
  Oh yeah.
  And this guy, there's a guy named Randy in charge of NECA.
  He is sort of promising, I think,  to make as much movie stuff and cartoon stuff as he can.
  Which means I want Keno from A Secret of the Ooze.
  There will be a quarter inch Keno  to what he'll be staring at you while we record.
  You'll be able to see his penis somehow.
  I want Vanilla Ice's backup group, Earthquake.
  Very possible.
  Yeah, give me an Earthquake.
  I think at least Vanilla Ice is very possible.
  That's a good idea.
  It's a great idea.
  I asked this guy Randy on Twitter  and he'll oftentimes like curtly answer questions.
  And I said, what are the chances  of coming out of our Shells tour quarter inch?  And he said, no chance.
  No!  Which I thought was rude.
  And he won't make Turtles 3 either,  which I think is underappreciated.
  Those costumes are great.
  Yeah, and the samurai, they have the samurai,  that'll be great.
  Then their samurai outfits, come on.
  I think there are toys of that,  despite not really liking that movie.
  I thought the samurai toys were cool.
  I think the suits in coming out of our Shells are good.
  I like it, it's like a lighter green and they're speckled.
  And I love their sparkly bandanas  that cover where their genitals might be.
  Well, now hold on a second,  but that's not the only suits coming out of their Shells.
  Because the pre-shot footage  is a different set of suits.
  Yes, it is.
  Yeah, that's very confusing.
  And some of it is used in the show.
  So this is probably a good juncture to say,  you guys had the luxury of seeing it in person.
  I, with my piss poor parents.
  I'm just joking, if you ever hear this.
  I did not go to see it, but I rented this.
  I hardly didn't own the video,  but I rented it probably far beyond the point  where I should have just bought it.
  I always wanted this if I went to the video store.
  And then there was a separate video  that was the making of the coming out of their Shells tour.
  And this is the laziest compiled from press conferences,  the senior VP of Pizza Hut marketing,  was prattling on and on.
  I have that clip.
  Oh great, wonderful, perfect.
  The thing I was gonna say about the suits,  and then please play it if you wanna play.
  So yeah, there's all this pre-material  where things are a little different.
  Actually, if you listen closely,  there's a shredder who is a British shredder.
  It's not the shredder ultimately in the show.
  But yeah, they have one that's like a ninja star  over their eye.
  And then in the actual show,  the old turtles call in and are on video.
  And that's very confusing,  because that's not what they were just wearing  and will be wearing again in five minutes.
  But the main thing that I noticed  when I watched the making of  is that the turtles have less clothes.
  They have less strips of fabric hanging everywhere.
  And especially not sort of the like Mowgli-esque  loin cloth over their front parts.
  And I think I know why they added this.
  I don't have the still handy,  but I'll make sure that I post it.
  There is a part where Donatello is hanging out in the studio  and just sort of like, you know,  just full like front shell out.
  And between his legs is a big lump  with kind of a separation in the middle.
  What I am saying is this is heavily vaginal.
  It truly looks like Donatello  just has a big camel toe hanging out.
  So yet I'm looking at your penis tail back there.
  These turtles, but your toy back there,  while there is like a line and a lump,  it is not nearly as vaginal as these original suits.
  So I think they seeded some of this material  and they must have gotten the feedback.
  Why do they all have?  This is making me too hot.
  Let's edit where we all.
  We gotta clean up this costume.
  Give you an ice pack to put on your forehead.
  It's really jarringly.
  So good for the, but they adjusted.
  Like the makers of the Sonic film,  they got feedback and they adjusted.
  Raphael doing the basic instinct leg cross.
  It's all.
  He's only got that trench coat on.
  With a shredder in the Wayne Knight position,  just kind of like peering.
  Am I seeing what I think I'm seeing?  Sweat pouring down face.
  This was what you're saying was not lost on me  when I was six.
  As a kid, I had the big,  you see it in some of the promotional,  there was this big, thick, tall book  you would get from Pizza Hut.
  That was like a program essentially that you would get.
  And I had it and we had the cassette from Pizza Hut.
  We knew the songs beforehand.
  My mom would play the cassette.
  She likes the songs.
  She still remembers the songs.
  So I had both tapes and that.
  And I know this.
  Pre-the show?  Pre-the show.
  Wow.
  I'm trying to think when we got the tapes.
  I don't know where the timetable of the tapes,  but we had the cassette and the booklet pre-show.
  So we knew the songs going in.
  And all those things you're saying, I noticed.
  It didn't take me completely.
  You noticed the vagina?  I didn't notice the vagina.
  That's what it really sounded like.
  It doesn't sound like it lost on me.
  You're right.
  I was just making a point about the inconsistencies  and the strangeness.
  Because you could see that the costumes were different  and then they had a different,  like the art on the front didn't quite match up  with what they look like on stage.
  Art of like, it's sort of probably Raphael  kind of like shooting out of a void,  shoving a guitar at you and shells done beautifully  in the classic turtle-y, turtle font.
  It's nicely done.
  I know for a fact I did not have that  because I both admire that piece of art  and find it a little unnerving.
  And I think that would have upset me as a child.
  Because they're breaking through a shell  like it's their own shell?  No, it's just that kind of level of detail.
  That sort of like, it's a little ugly.
  It's very deep, hyper real.
  Yeah, there was some comics artists who I like now.
  But when I was a kid, Bill Sinkevich,  I would find very unnerving.
  And now he's one of my favorites.
  I see what you're saying.
  So to that point, and I know this is not a visual podcast,  but when I was looking through the making of,  Scott's not gonna be able to see this.
  He probably has seen this before.
  When you go to 557,  or yes I know.
  557, of course maybe you already know.
  They show a clip of,  because they play it basically like a mockumentary  of like the turtles are real.
  They were brothers.
  This is they just decided.
  We found out about this band.
  You're watching all these music executives act.
  And the guy who wrote the songs, Bob Bijan,  who's a very interesting character.
  Oh, okay.
  Who, and I'll just say,  I'll say this actually just now.
  Did you read anything about him?  A little bit.
  He like is the head of something at Microsoft.
  He's a big Microsoft big wig.
  I have it written down here.
  Chief development officer of MSL group.
  He's a co-founder and CEO of PBJS, advertising market.
  Like it's a marketing guy.
  And then where's, he's like something major.
  I have so many, gosh, damn links here.
  And he also wrote the song, Tubin,  where the turtles sing about skateboarding  and are in this sewer and are joined by a lot of crocodiles.
  Wait, hold on.
  He's the head of global events, production studios  and the marketing community at Microsoft corporation.
  I mean, that's pretty good.
  That's so heavy.
  Was Tubin about going through the sewer too?  I thought it was about like you got on the tube  and you rode through the, they like.
  Like an inner tube?  Like an inner tube.
  And I'm like, why is there no fucking inner tubes  in this number?  They're singing about Tubin.
  I took it as being a surf and feel like  if you're surfing in a pipe, you're Tubin.
  Okay, yeah.
  But Bob Bijan leaves it up for interpretation.
  But I like that song.
  That was one of my favorites of rediscovering these songs.
  Why do we, what do we think about the songs in general?  Because we're now in a post-MacGruff world  and we have to measure things on a MacGruff scale.
  Not as good as MacGruff.
  Not as good as MacGruff.
  I like coming out of their shells.
  I like sing about it, Tubin.
  And I like count on us.
  I will add.
  Walk straight.
  Pizza power to that list.
  I will add walk straight.
  Mm-hmm.
  I don't really remember walk straight.
  I don't think I'm putting walk straight on my personal list.
  And I like the Shredder song,  but that's a bigger piece of conversation.
  Yes, that's a whole other.
  The Shredder song left off the album.
  Left off the album.
  So for some, inexplicably, and we'll deal with it.
  But of the Turtles' actual music,  of their 10 song LP, which they did put out an album.
  Yes.
  Is the number one, is it just coming out of our shells  or does it count on us?  I mean, maybe we'll determine by talking about it a little  and the listener will help.
  I don't like Skipping Stones.
  I certainly don't like Skipping Stones.
  I don't like it.
  Skipping Stones is ridiculous.
  I wasn't crazy.
  I'm glad April had a number, which is hers.
  Oh, the April ballad.
  It's called April ballad.
  It's so lazy.
  I was glad she had a number.
  You know what I'll say?  I do like the splitter costume.
  Looks great.
  Yeah.
  Mm-hmm.
  But he uses the only one, the only mouse that moves.
  Yeah.
  Move just haphazardly and at an unpredictable rate  and not along with the audio.
  I may have just never noticed it.
  It was so haphazard.
  I just view it as like they, it's like arbitrary flaps.
  It certainly is not lip sync, which makes Splinter  all the more surprising when he does sing along.
  I don't even.
  So we start talking about Splinter  and I want to talk about that voice.
  But where do we even start?  Let me finish one thought I have here.
  There's too many things to talk about.
  Too many things, too many things.
  Too many things.
  So in that making of, so what I was saying, 557,  and Scott you won't be able to see it,  but they're doing a whole like kind of mockumentary.
  I have the clip, I'll start playing it right here.
  And Jason will see what I'm talking about.
  This is how haphazard putting all of this material  and making it the same and coordinating it was.
  Jason, take a look and tell me  if you see anything strange here.
  These are like, they are truly a band  in the best sense of the word.
  Cause they're, you know, brothers and been together forever.
  Do you know anything strange  about the four turtles playing here?  Can you go back?  Yeah, 557, one more time there.
  I mean, they don't look like they give a shit.
  I agree with that.
  Do you know, just take a look at their headbands  for a second.
  Wait a second, are there two Michelangelo's?  I, even in the final show,  they all, it seems like two Michelangelo's to me.
  Yeah.
  The orange and the red are not very different.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I think that, yeah, when you get closer maybe,  but this is like clearly red, purple, two Michelangelo's.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And this is where one of them just has like a drum.
  Is that like a standing drum?  Cross level drum, cross level drum again.
  It's like a conga, it's two conga drums and he's got sticks  and he's hitting the congas with sticks  is really what it seems like.
  Oh no, it's just a light.
  I thought there was a boom mic in the shot too.
  It's behind the scenes so they could get away with it,  but that would still add to it.
  So not, they're not being careful with costume details.
  This is another thing.
  This is the behind the backstage turtles.
  So they have the bandanas,  but then they also have like these glittery stars.
  The kiss style, yeah.
  Yeah, why think they all know those?  Those are a little cool, but they'd already made the videos.
  So there's parts of the show where in the middle of act two,  you're not sure where the turtles are.
  They're somewhere in the bowels of the theater  planning their next move.
  And then like they usurp a news camera  and use it to send a message to the audience.
  We're still here, but it's the old turtles calling in.
  The news guy, by the way, sucks.
  Do you know who the news guy is?  What's his name?  I mean the character.
  I'm sure I'm very curious to know who the actor is.
  The actor is Dave Rubrecht,  the host of Supermarket Sweep.
  Come on.
  No idea until checking it this week.
  No, I loved Supermarket Sweep as a kid.
  I think he's great.
  I think he's fun.
  And not only that, I have other stuff too  that like what you were watching in that main VHS  that I ran in so many times as a kid,  that is a cut down of the pay-per-view event  that apparently took place the opening night  of this entire endeavor at Radio City Music Hall.
  Yeah.
  The venerable venue.
  The most famous in the world.
  Yeah, it seemed like epic skiff, a comic plays that.
  You're like, holy shit.
  But then also remember the turtles played it  a long time ago.
  But so that is an edited down version  of a pay-per-view event.
  And the pay-per-view had to kill way more time.
  They needed like an intermission length  to give all the guys in the suits a break.
  So there is just minute upon minute  of improvised Dave Rubrecht interviewing kids.
  So what do you think?  And the turtles are, I don't know, what do you do?  What do we do to stop them?  We probably fight them, fight them.
  Okay, but remember Turtle said, don't fight.
  We're not fighting today.
  So what do we do?  And the kids have no ideas.
  There is so much, there's like 10 minutes  of sweaty improv by this news anchor.
  But God bless, hey, supermarket sweep,  one of my favorites these days still.
  Very Regis-like to me.
  Yeah.
  Very Regis.
  Regis who also interacted with the turtles.
  Regis who also interacts.
  That's a whole, we can do a whole episode  just on that too.
  Let me go here.
  This, I'll play a couple clips from the making of  to sort of get you into like kind of the logic  of the world a little bit.
  Yeah, because we haven't even played any songs yet.
  Yeah, so like, but they, because they, you know,  whatever the kayfabe version of this is,  the wrestling term for, you know.
  So like this is Michelangelo and Raphael talking about it.
  It all start, well it all started a long time ago  back in the pet shop.
  Oh Mike, stop goofing around.
  He wants to know about the music.
  No duh, just chill out Raph.
  See, okay, Raph and I were waiting for this pizza  to be delivered, see and.
  Yeah, you know when I was just banging on some sewer pipes  when all of a sudden we realized we were making music.
  Oh man, it was so bodacious.
  Just stretching those syllables out as much as they can.
  So the back stories that they accidentally  were making music.
  Yes, and also the, I believe later they conflict  with the narrative of that splinter told them  to do the music as well because then they,  I think later on, say I don't have that clip pulled,  that's, I don't know why they do it.
  So he's like, splinter, hopefully he was into the music,  but he was.
  So like they contradict the idea that like splinter told us.
  Well, no, I think it, I'm not sure that that idea is present.
  I think they organically started playing music.
  And then.
 Oh, I see what you're saying.
  They were concerned that splinter would not approve  because he doesn't want them out in public.
  Although remember he ultimately approved  of the ninja rap occurring.
  Right.
  He's ultimately, if something fun happened,  he can loosen up.
  Right.
  So he was totally on board.
  Violence is not as good as music.
  So he wanted to get that message spread.
  And then there was, and then the next step was  Donatello had to build a bunch of instruments.
  A very important thing is that Donatello  built the instruments.
  They could not go buy a guitar.
  He had to, he had to specifically craft  and scratch instruments.
  I have him talking about it here.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah.
 Cause I want to know.
  This is my territory.
  He's showing.
  Gearhead Supreme.
  I don't exactly know where it comes from,  but I'm just good at building things.
  I guess I just love working with my hands.
  I don't know.
  I guess I love working with my hands.
  They call me Gearhead Supreme.
  I don't know where it comes from.
  Cause you machine guy.
  I don't know where it comes from.
  It just sounds cool.
  Cause it's an endless.
  Tons of roadies and teamsters and stuff like on camera.
  The other thing I read about the instruments  is that story-wise Donatello made them  so that they could continue playing music,  even if the turtle stopped playing.
  Did anyone else come across that?  So they could walk away.
  They could walk away from playing  and the songs would continue.
  Because you're correct.
  In a lot of the show, they just put down the guitars  or walk away from the drums, but the music doesn't stop.
  The logic is in a Sunny Clip Space Angels-esque,  let's insert the logic of why you aren't seeing them.
  We have to explain why the music keeps playing  and why maybe you keep hearing us sing,  even if our mouth isn't flapping.
  Donatello built a machine for that.
  So they've over justified five things  that children would never notice.
  There's a whole thing here.
  This whole clip just explains how they made their instruments.
  So building their instruments, it was difficult.
  They could have bought them.
  Go to the store.
  So he can do some amazing stuff on them.
  And of course, they're all MIDI pickups on their set.
  MIDI pickups.
  One string bass.
  One string bass for Leo.
  It's great, just amazing sounds.
  Why is that important to know?  I don't know.
  And then the keyboards that Donatello plays  all have triple thickness keys.
  At least he doesn't have to hit  four notes at the same time.
  I mean, I love that.
  Kind of a stand up kind of Timbali set  and the synth pad to trigger drum sounds.
  They've not cut to who is speaking.
  So Bob Bijon.
  He's too ugly to be on camera.
  I'm sure it's Bob Bijon.
  It's Bob Bijon.
  Be okay.
  They missed something about what Donatello did,  which is that he in the show clarifies  that he built a shred scan into the synth.
  Yes, yes.
  So that they're aware if shredder ever shows up.
  And the one time that this is deployed, it does not work.
  So good fucking work, Donatello.
  Yeah, he really screwed that up.
  So the last thing, look, you look this up.
  We'll post a link to it.
  The last thing I'll show, I'll play from this  because we have to get to the songs,  is the sponsor of the show real quick, which so.
  Pizza Hut.
  So we said it already, it's Pizza Hut.
  And then they do a whole,  they did like a whole press conference.
  This is what's crazy too about this.
  I feel like, I guess maybe they would do that  for like some sort of, I'm trying to think,  was there a Batman live press conference announcing  that it was going around the country?  It was 100%.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  I think there was a,  I think this was maybe a new type of thing.
  I think there was like Disney on ice.
  There was stuff like that, but to do concert venues.
  Right.
  Maybe they had to justify it more.
  And they were making a push.
  They put out an album, a real album with real musicians,  which I got some crazy stuff about that.
  But like, because you're dealing with MCA executives.
  And I think one of the executive producers  of this project was also Aerosmith's manager.
  Oh yeah, I read that.
  Yes.
  And they see DC too.
  So I think that maybe they were,  that's how they know how to do it.
  We're doing a tour.
  We need a sponsor.
  We need a press conference.
  We need them to play on the marquee of Radio City Music Hall  in a Beatles-esque fashion.
  Yes, which they did.
  That reminds me, in that article I found about  when they played Philadelphia,  as soon as this show ended, December 27th,  Disney on Ice started at the other giant venue  on the other side of town.
  So whoever's booking these big shows was like coordinated.
  It's like the smartest, like,  hey, you got kids home for Christmas break.
  Here's a couple of things they can go to.
  Here's how we rake in that cash.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  And then they make a point in the press conference  about what's going on in just concerts in general  these days.
  So at Radio City,  and like any major rock and roll tour that takes place now,  you know, a lot of times you need to affiliate  with a sponsor.
  And certainly we talked to the Turtles  about working with a sponsor for the tour,  but they wouldn't compromise.
  They wouldn't sell out.
  And that being said, he's about to announce  that they have a sponsor, which means they-  They would sell out, but also they did.
  Yeah.
  He landed on Pizza Hut Pizza.
  We went to see them  because we thought it would be a natural fit.
  And there was one guy at Pizza Hut  who really saw the vision and the potential of this band.
  He heard their first demos  and knew that they could rock any house that they went to.
  And that man is David Novak.
  And we'd like to bring him on stage now.
  David Novak.
  T.
C.
 Turtles loves David Novak.
  Until they met David Novak.
  David Novak of Pizza Hut, though,  is just like any great Disney executive  who gives a very stilted speech coming up here.
  I'll ask you to see if we're doing anyone favors.
  The world's most famous pizza eaters  to hook up with the number one pizza company in the world.
  Pizza Hut will launch the most aggressive promotion  ever done in the record industry  to support the Turtles' new music,  which I'm sure all of America will love.
  Will Raphael and Donatello have asked us  to wait a couple of weeks to provide all the details?  And we know you'll love the music  and we know America will love this thing.
  They cut it in because this man is so boring.
  They cut in Turtles walking in  and kids being distracted by the Turtles  because this speech is so boring.
  Anything else?  There's no way it was happening at the same time,  but obviously whoever was editing the video was like,  oh my God.
 Like a less charismatic Dick Geppard.
  Yeah, really?  They all have that same blank smile.
  Yeah.
  Something just occurred to me.
  I know the name David Novak.
  You know who David Novak is?  He went on as probably through the Pizza Hut ranks  to become the executive chairman of Yum Brands.
  Oh my God.
  So all of those.
  Pepsi and what's in Yum Brands again?  Taco Bell, Doritos, Melon Dew.
  KFC.
  All of it is him.
  Is Novak.
  Is David Novak.
  He's a hero.
  I also, when I was writing,  when I was writing the pilot for my show, Moonbeam City,  I was like struggling.
  I was missing that and the name doesn't seem right.
  And my main character, I was in LA Live  and there was a sign for something  where this guy was speaking and I was like Novak.
  That's good.
  So the main character of my show,  Dazzle Novak came from David Novak.
  Wow.
  That's who it says.
  Yeah.
  The Pizza Hut man.
  This boring pizza.
  I might've seen that name when I was six  and absorbed it and had a fondness for it.
  Wow.
  Was Pizza Hut Yum Brands back then?  Cause it is yum.
  It is now.
  Yeah.
  I'm not sure whether-  It's KFC Pizza Hut Taco Bell.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  He's the king of kings.
  So he's been there forever  and he brokered a deal with the Ninja Turtles.
  But that may also,  he could have been the one who got them away  from the pizza parlor to like the Pizza Hut Cafe  and then the Pizza Hut quick service.
  You know what?  I hear what you're saying.
  Cause I am also upset about that.
  Yeah.
  Cause Pizza Hut, you and our home-  Oh, sit down Pizza Hut.
  Sit down.
  That's an episode.
  Sit down Pizza Hut.
  Sit down Pizza Hut.
  Is a Patreon for sure.
  I can tell the harrowing story  of when I tried to have my Eureka's Castle  Batley puppet drink my drink and it spilled everywhere.
  Oh my God.
  And everyone was so mad and I'm still scarred.
  Wow.
  I had those fucking puppets.
  I think we had those.
  You remember those?  Yeah.
  We had those fucking puppets as well.
  Fucking.
  Yeah.
  Did you have Pizza Buffet out here?  I don't think so.
  Or did you?  I don't remember which was which.
  Hell yeah.
  Jason and I had Pizza Buffet where we come from.
  Don't beat me up.
  My family got real tired of it real quick.
  But for me, I was like,  this is an evening.
  I was gonna say your family was like,  we'll spend eight hours here and eat two meals.
  I would.
  I mean, I remember the salad bar  and there was still one or two in high school.
  And my friends and I would go for like lunch  on like half days and stuff.
  I heard there was a Pizza Buffet still like maybe  in Santa Monica up until a couple of years ago.
  On Beverly.
  Oh, was that on Beverly?  I think like, yeah, that's what I heard of Koreatown.
  I dream of a Pizza Hut Buffet.
  What was in the buffet?  Pizza.
  Salad.
  They would just come out and put pizza,  a different kind of pizza.
  You just go up and get this thing.
  And it was crazy.
  Mm hmm.
  It was the greatest because pizza was always my favorite  of the trash.
  It was like of the quality of the Shakey's or a Sizzler  or a Cece's.
  Yeah, we were a pizza.
  The best restaurants.
  Well, I'll say this, as it went on,  the Pizza Hut Buffet, they started to skimp a little  because once they introduced the thin crust,  they were bringing out a lot of those thin crust  or hand toss and it's just not as good.
  You need the pan.
  You need the pan.
  You need that grease.
  That's why you go to Pizza Hut.
  You get the grease in the pan.
  Yeah, you get the grease.
  This is what, I mean, I think this was maybe  the sellout nature.
  Obviously the turtles love pizza.
  That's the way into their heart,  but they ended up with the pizza monolith  instead of the mom and pop.
  And they shouldn't have turned against their instincts.
  Although the turtles as 16 year olds  probably don't have a lot of opinions about corporations  and conglomerates and monopolies.
  But they had to grow up fast.
  You know?  Yeah, they're killing it.
  They're killing stars.
  They're killers.
  They're trained murderers.
  Yeah.
  Professional murderers slash rock stars.
  Teen murderers.
  Well, I mean, do we start talking about,  I mean, we could also,  there's the question that I have about  who is in these suits doing all of this improv  because there's the fairly famous fact  of who played the turtles, not in the show,  but in the, they would,  the turtles are coming to Philadelphia  the day before the B-team's rolling in.
  Although maybe they're not even the B-team  because these are professional improvisers  who will get you excited to come to the show.
  And among the four turtles,  Ben Grant and Michael Ian Black.
  Two of the state.
  Two of the state still burgeoning at this time,  fresh out of NYU and preparing to make their series,  The State.
  And I read somewhere that when they had to present  the news to the other 19, however many people were in that group,  that a literal fist fight broke out  because it was going to delay their progress.
  Yes.
  Like the state had a blow up  because of this Ninja Turtles thing.
  That is what I've heard as well,  that that was a big problem  because all of a sudden it was like  two of our members are gone for the summer  or they'll fall or whatever.
  See, that's what happens when you have  all Americans in your group  because the stories about kids in the hall  when a couple, two or three of them went to go work on SNL  before the kids in the hall thing was like,  yeah, and then Mark and Bruce went down  and worked on SNL for a year.
  So we kind of had to put things on hold a little  and that's it.
  It just stopped.
  It's just Canadian.
  Well, that's the end of that.
  I guess we'll just.
  It was a fun group we had there.
  Yeah.
  Oh, they came back.
  I guess we can do our own TV show.
  But the Americans fought.
  The Americans fought.
  They fought and punched.
  If only Splinter had gotten to tell them.
  Punched.
  You really punch.
  Ken Marino, listen to me.
  Comedy is more powerful than violence.
  So that's, I mean, those are the main facts to know.
  But, you know, not them in the show.
  Maybe, I don't know, maybe some video or something.
  It's them.
  But other than that, I'm not sure who's in the costumes.
  I know who's singing on the album  but that's a whole different thing.
  There's a lot of voices contributing  to the tapestry of this show.
  But I think we should probably start talking  about the show itself.
  So as established, the Turtles started making music.
  They're going out on tour.
  In the actual video, there's a lot of like generic people  like hammering sets together and loading amps into trucks.
  But then they rise up and out of the stage.
  Not synced up.
  Very little is synced up in the show, though they're trying.
  But like dance moves are all a little off.
  Those rising platforms don't work great.
  But I love the sloppiness.
  I think it's wonderful.
  Yeah, it's interesting.
  Cause I think there's a big, it's a mashup of all styles  of music at the time that are popular.
  I think maybe at a certain point they were like,  well, this is like the new kids on the block Turtles.
  There's a couple of songs feel like that.
  And they do a little bit of like hinting at dance moves.
  But I have to imagine if that was ever the plan,  they were like, we don't have time for this.
  And there's no way.
  To get these guys up to speed.
  Yeah, I just see it would be such a  Choreography classes.
  Such another level of having to reform.
  Yeah, so if they just sort of dance and sort of fight,  cause boy that section where they fight,  you could, I'm being generous calling it fighting.
  Yeah, it's, it is very, yeah.
  When I would watch it on a video,  I was definitely underwhelmed by it as a kid.
  I will say live, I thought it was real.
  I thought Shredder was real.
  And I was worried when he says he's gonna  lock the doors to the theater.
  I thought that was real.
  And I was really scared.
  That worked on me, yeah.
  And then I think it was before,  it was for sure before intermission.
  Cause then it was like, they called the intermission.
  And I was like, how, how are we getting out?  I didn't shut or lock the doors.
  And yeah, this, cause this is a problem for me too.
  Cause we saw Peter Pan before that.
  And the pirates would stick their head out  of the dressing room in the lobby.
  Oh.
  And oh shit, I was at the water fountain  and there was a mirror next to it.
  And I looked over and there were pirates  sticking their head out and it was real.
  I was like, oh shit, it's real.
  Did, is it just that we're all weirdos who we were the type  of like softy kids who thought everything was real  or do all kids think that and just they moved on  and don't talk about it or they pretend,  they pretend they weren't scared by everything.
  I think, I think there's a little bit of column A,  a little bit of column B,  but I think the ones who were really scared,  definitely go into the arts.
  Go into entertainment.
  That's why we.
  All we know is scaredy cat kids because we all.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We're all like cuddling together.
  Yeah.
  In our little fields.
  Yeah, I don't know exactly what it is.
  I guess we were soft, I suppose you could say.
  I mean, I don't, yeah, I don't know.
  I'm trying to think like if my mom was definitely like,  you know, this isn't real, don't worry about it.
  Like this is just a fun show or  she wanted to maintain the illusion.
  We were just so swept up in illusions.
  We appreciated everything so much.
  Yes.
  That we wanted to make it dimensional.
  Yes.
  Mentally.
  Which if now, if you've never seen this tape  and you watch it now and imagine people being scared by it.
  Oh my gosh.
  There's a moment in the moment that scared me the most.
  And it, this was a little revelation for me.
  I am the most scared when supermarket sweep host,  Dave Rubreck during the, when shredder takes over,  he uses his machine to silence Dave Rue  to take his voice away.
  Okay.
  And he is kind of magically with no special effects  indicating this slammed up against like a power grid  or something.
  And he shakes and the lights flicker on and off.
  It goes like negative to not negative,  like public access video effect.
  And I thought that was real.
  I was like, he is using some kind of psychic power  to silence this man.
  I thought that was something that could happen.
  And I've talked before on the show  about the other thing that scared me the most,  which was Ernest goes to Splash Mountain  in which there is a back and forth strobe effect.
  And then his hair switches between being regular  and big and tall like the bride of Frankenstein.
  I guess I was scared of the idea of electrocutions  as a child, no matter how comical the presentation.
  I think I was scared in like the Adams family,  if that ever happened.
  They played with the chair and they flipped the lever.
  Well, all that stuff.
  Yeah, we saw the Adams family  and I was traumatized a little bit by it too,  which I honestly was also traumatized by Home Alone.
  Oh, electrocution and that.
  Electrocution and that.
  And I knew that that was bad for you.
  And there was images of violence.
  I loved that movie, but I would have to gear up  for the final third.
  Like when it goes, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun,  when it gets into that, I'm like, okay, get ready.
  You can do this, you can do this, Scott.
  It's what I do now when I'm going on a mild roller coaster.
  I feel like psyched up, like I was going into battle.
  You can't handle.
  Calling your accountant.
  You can get through this, you can get through.
  Why calling my accountant?  Yeah, I was gonna say why the accountant?  Oh, it's just that it carried over into your adult life.
  Oh sure, just every day to yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Hashtag adulting.
  Oh, okay.
  Please, I can't, don't let me get audited,  don't let me get audited.
  It's the auditing today, it was electrocution then.
  Yeah.
  I think as a kid, I agree that I was scared by this stuff,  but one thing as a kid I quickly fell out of favor with.
  Here comes the toughest one of the three of us  when he was a kid.
  When they turn to the audience and say like, where is he?  Have you seen him?  Like the first couple times I remember as a kid going like,  he's behind you, and then they do it for like a minute.
  So after the first few times I was like, I don't,  this is fake, okay, you're not listening to us anyway.
  So I'm not playing along with this bullshit anymore.
  So that stressed you out.
  I was like, yeah, I just was, I was just like, come on.
  I think I bought it, because it happens in this,  Shredder freezes everyone, then he makes his presence known  and doesn't like slash their throats  while they're frozen or anything,  which would make a lot of sense.
  And then they unfreeze the turtles  and then go back to the show and they're like,  have you guys seen anything weird?  And there's all these children's voices being like,  Shredder was there!  They're like, what?  We can't hear you!  And then it's like, it was frustrating for me at the time.
  I wasn't up on that tropiate, I guess.
  Why'd you ask us if you can't hear us from there?  Seems like you've heard other,  you heard when we all yelled pizza, you sure heard that.
  Yeah, it seems like they're trolling us for no reason.
  Yeah, this is, I think, a lot of why I love  that kind of thing, that he's behind you  and the hammy villain who sort of roasts the audience.
  So much that I love that is in theme park shows,  but I love it more from this,  from coming out of their shells.
  Yeah.
  We'll get to, I'd say let's do it a little chronologically,  but the Shredder centerpiece in the middle is next level.
  I will say that Baxter Stockman is in this,  which I appreciate as a side character for Ninja Turtles,  but he is not Fly Baxter, which is my preferred version.
  Yeah, I agree.
  Baxter turns into the Fly later.
  Just a guy, yeah, yeah.
  Just the guy.
  He looks like the mad scientist  in any Nickelodeon live show.
  I think it was the Paramount parks, yeah,  where they had the slime-inators, it's off the charts.
  I like those guys, the tape on the glasses,  and big teeth and crooked bow tie.
  Do we start listening to, let's start listening  to some of these tunes, dude?  Let's do the tunes.
  So there's two versions of the title song.
  There's the acoustic version, which is on the album,  and then there's the version that's in the show,  but on the album, and because it's the clearest,  we'll play a little bit, and it's a real,  let me zoom it up here,  like extreme or air supply, some 80s-ish.
  Yeah, very much so.
  More than words.
  Yeah.
  Uh.
  I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a.
  I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a.
  This is again, this is the acoustic version, you know?  This is the chilled out version.
  When this music inside of you,  you know that someday it's got to come through.
  This is like the unplugged,  this is like the Clapton singing Lola,  but it's just him and a guitar on a stool.
  Yeah.
  It's just fun, like.
  This is the beginning of the album.
  Yeah.
  It's, there are songs that are certainly more in the tone  of what you think turtles are.
  Oh my God.
  I guess I can stop that.
  Yeah.
  It's, if they weren't singing about shell.
  How would, how is this about turtles?  How is this reflected in any way?  There are songs on the album.
  They go, oh, this makes a lot of sense.
  But this one,  feeling wise,  we just, he's just a guy.
  Is the silver is a wonderful sound.
  All right.
  Ease off, buddy.
  I get you can sing.
  He's a little bit too showy with that voice.
  Yeah.
  Why is it such a somber intro to the wind in the show?  It's my favorite song.
  Yeah, it's good.
  I have a little energy.
  I think I have a little of a little clip if you want to pull it up.
  I just saw on your computers.
  Yeah.
  Is it one?  It's six.
  Okay.
  It's six out of our shells.
  Okay.
  You can hear the there's a note in this.
  It's something else.
  A wonderful sound.
  So much better.
  The harmonies.
  Out of my shell.
  So much energy.
  Out of my shell.
  Here it comes.
  You know, we're coming out of our shell.
  Shoo shoo.
  Hey, live performing is hard.
  Is this pre-recorded?  Is it pre-recorded?  Yeah, I think so.
  Oh, yeah.
  At least every version I heard of it,  it was the same.
  They sing it the same amount of shitty on Oprah.
  Oh, I think I got  confused because I thought the vocals were live.
  I'm not sure.
  And everything else was pre-recorded because that  that's really bad.
  It's very bad.
  And I chose.
  And if they're live in the costumes doing it,  I forgive that because my goodness,  having to do that in the costumes is crazy.
  A lot of work.
  Yes.
  But would you would you would you like to jump around  and hear the other craziest musical moment in it?  Actually, I'll save that here.
  Let's let's go in order.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Coming out of our shells.
  I like this one.
  Anybody feel free to call it lyrical moments that you.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  I like when they all go, wonderful sound.
  Yeah.
  And it's the thesis of the show.
  Right.
  Because it's like this is their coming out party, essentially.
  This is their this is the introducing themselves to the world as musicians.
  Now, this is the way.
  I think to do if you're prominent in another art form.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's the right word.
  This is performed primarily by and this is just like, you know,  I like always to talk about Beatles and which Beatles did which song.
  This is primarily a Rafael song.
  OK, OK.
  So that's sort of we got to keep in mind.
  So honestly, now that I'm thinking about it, the somber tone of the acoustic  version is probably more what Rafael likes.
  Yeah, he's totally frankly, he's definitely the most torture.
  Yeah, the John, he's got kind of the the Terts.
  Yeah.
 So like, OK, yeah, Rafael, for sure.
  Yeah, I think it's easy.
  It's Leo is Paul.
  Raph is John.
  Don is George and Michelangelo's Ringo.
  The gearhead.
 Yeah.
  He's the quiet, but Don is tells quiet.
  He's like the quiet one.
  And George and yeah.
  And George does machines.
  George has machines.
  I was always Ringo is a party dude.
  I was always tinkering with machine.
  That's what he says.
 Ninja Beatles.
  Yeah, it's a good mashup.
  That is a good matchup.
  And that was we know, no, no, man, I don't do that anymore.
  Very familiar refrains of the no, no song you picked.
  Yeah, Ringo's no, no song.
  Really familiar to everyone listening.
  Sure.
 What's up next?  I mean, on the album, it's a thing about it.
  Right.
 It's next.
  Also performed by Rafael.
  OK, which is, well, see, everything is a little bit inconsistent  with the way they were.
  This audio quality, give us, but it's music.
 Really?  Yeah, you can get a full good version of it on Apple Music.
  You can also find it on the Internet Archive, not as good quality.
  Yeah.
 So this is very much like  this is feels very much of its time as well with a little more like.
  Those intros I open specifically.
  No drum has ever been more echoey than these terms.
  So that you feel it on top.
  It's kind of a thesis of this song.
 What's happening here?  Maybe it's awesome.
  And you know, you're on top.
  Feel like you're out of your shell.
 You're going to pop.
  Just sing about it.
  I mean, this is sort of just a good life advice song.
  There's there's not a ton of plot in the actual show.
  Well, the first half is essentially a concert.
 Yeah.
  At this point, for the first few songs, there's no threat.
  Of shredder, he's maybe referred to.
 Right.
  But we assume he's in jail,  rotting, you would hope he's nowhere near here.
  We're dead in hell where he belongs.
  Poked and prodded by pitchforks,  reliving his most painful childhood memory over and over again.
  I had a problem in this where it's like we're we're  we're no longer living in secret because as a kid, I was like, well, I watch them.
  On TV every day.
  And also they have a movie, so it's not super secret.
  I have all these action figures.
  It's complicated to chart.
  This comes up in the Oprah appearance.
  There's a lot of sorting out the math.
  They present it as if they are the real turtles and a cartoon was based on them.
  But maybe it was not readily apparent that they were out in the world as well.
  And kids, there's a Q&A session.
  Oprah's going up to kids who like, but how can you be here?  But you're but also then you're in the cartoon.
  Yeah.
 That nobody knows how to answer that.
  It's yeah, it's a fumbling.
  How did you feel like as a kid?  So as much as I thought live, I was like, OK, this is real.
  I'm sure it's going to kill me.
  I did when I was watching the tapes, I was able to separate  all of the different versions because as a kid, I would have  and this is very, very common.
  You would have comics based on the thing you liked TV show  and then a movie or maybe like toys as well.
  In my head, I was always like this comic is the real turtles.
  Everything else is sort of a different version of it.
  So that's how I would always classify it.
  But did you ever think about that as a kid?  I thought the cartoon and the action figures were the canon.
  The movie I remember seeing the original movie at like  friend or relatives house, but we only had Secret of the Ooze on VHS.
  And that was the sillier one.
  So I was like, OK, well, that's close.
  That's kind of close to the cartoon, kind of close to the action figures.
  Like with X-Men, when my friend Luke and I started watching the cartoon,  I wasn't reading X-Men and then I started reading the X-Men comics.
  It was like, OK, what's really happening with the X-Men is the comic.
  And I like this cartoon a lot, but that's not that's like an adaptation of it.
  See, the comics were so impenetrable to me until like third or fourth grade.
  The cartoon was easier to swallow.
  But I just loved looking at the I would look at the art all of a lifelong day  and kind of absorb this story.
 Right.
  But you know what I'm saying?  Did you have that kind of classification in your head of like,  this is the real story and then all this stuff is just fun stuff  I like that are different versions?  Yeah, kind of.
 I think with the X-Men, it started with the cartoon  and then became the comics.
 Right.
 Yeah, that makes sense.
  Coming out of their shells was real to me.
  The rest was all.
 Yes.
  You know, just like Star Wars is just a bunch of stuff happen in Rex's periphery.
  Right.
 I guess there's a war or something.
 Sure.
  Where are we going to?  It's at least in the show.
  Oh, wait.
 Well, the album is different.
  I don't know if we're doing short or out.
  Well, we can go to the show.
  We end up at the the turtles start asking the audience, what is our  what is it that gives us power?  What is it? Pizza?  Pizza.
 And then which their responses, they don't just say, yeah, they say,  it gives us our strength.
  It gives us our strength, like  keepers force.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, really.
  This is the time, too, where there's backup dancers flinging  styrofoam pizzas into the audience and pizza uniforms.
  And we were close.
  We had good seats.
 We got seats through my dad somehow.
  I threw a friend of my father's.
  He was not there.
 My grandfather went with us who fell asleep  a couple songs in perfect and was just dead asleep the whole time.
  And I stayed asleep during Follow Your Heart.
  How did he manage to believe it or not?  He wasn't so engrossed in the show.
  But I remember this when the when the pizzas were being flown,  they were styrofoam, like styrofoam, like soft material.
  What am I looking for?  You know, I'm talking about foam.
  Oh, God, Jesus Christ.
  Foam.
 Yeah.
  So they were whipping foam pizza on the audience.
  And I wanted one of these pizzas so bad, I was not an aggressive kid.
  No, believe it or not.
  Believe it or not.
  And there were I remember there were kids just because there was a dog fight  in the aisle for one of these.
  And I just was not assertive.
  It was a problem.
 My dad told me in soccer.
  It was a problem in a lot of different things is that I was I did not make.
  More brushstrokes.
  The portrait of Mike Carlson, unlike the portrait of Dorian Gray, doesn't age.
  But the portrait gets corny and more aggressive.
  And it looks like one of those like things painted on a car,  on like a 50s car, the guy with the bugging eyes and reaching out.
  Yeah, like a rat thing.
  That's what the portrait of Mike is.
  Yeah.
 Well, you just age.
  Rat thing was cool.
  Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
  The portrait gets cooler.
  It's a like fuzzy little mouse.
  And then it turns into rat.
  So I'm rambling.
 It's still a cartoon.
  But then in real life, you just get, you know, you're just got like  more asexual and more square.
  And for the portrait school.
  Well, then you should not have picked rat thing  because he's like one of the coolest, most sexual.
  That's what I'm saying.
 The portrait school.
  But as but as we know, comic Mike is the real Mike.
  And then this other Mike is just like it's part of the mythology.
  Mike is a different.
  I guess Mike kind of in the middle.
  It kind of goes both ways.
  He's just an adaptation of the regular one.
  He has Mike drink sprite for breakfast.
  Hell, yeah.
  So pizza power.
 Pizza power.
  So a friend of mine who I'm now realizing was a big liar  in elementary school, said he did go to the show,  but then claimed that he got one of the foam pizzas.
  And now that I'm thinking about it, I don't think that might be.
  I should ask him.
 Produce it.
  I should ask him if that actually happened, because this is I think I've said  this on the show before.
  He's one of the kids that would like tell me lies about stuff.
  And he told me that there was a naked Marvel comic  where Stanley would sign like the boobs of the girls that he drew.
  And I was like, at the time, I even was like, to Stanley draw,  which he doesn't know, really sketched.
  But he would lie about a lot of stuff.
  So I'm wondering now if he lied.
  That was like, I want to see the naked comic here.
  Like a couple of years later, he doesn't, though.
  He wouldn't have been doing the art.
  He I would not like to see Rogues breasts.
  That doesn't make any sense to me.
  It's a bit bawdy.
  Childlike is like, unless you have a Tijuana Bible, the unauthorized  porno comics, I doubt that you sincerely have.
  I look, I did want to see the Marvel swimsuit edition.
 OK.
  Well, those are a whole thing.
  I was that is by the way, Scott, that is a real multiple.
  There's a couple of years in a row in the 90s where Marvel put out a pinup  swimsuit edition of the comics of the women and the men.
  So like the sexy Punisher to be fair.
  Yeah.
 Men and women.
  But it's like Captain America with his big bulge and his Eric and Flag speedo.
  When are they going to start doing this with the movies?  That's the way to go back and get more stories.
  Yeah.
 Redo them all.
  But like it's not porn, but it's like magic miked out.
  Yeah.
 You got to settle for things.
  They tasteful vanity fair spreads, unfortunately, with where they look  kind of handsome.
 Yeah.
  A series of cards from the 1995 Fuller X-Men cards  where they're all on the beach.
  The X-Men are all on the beach and you get hunky bishop.
  You get hunky Cyclops and you get sexy storm.
  We're in that series.
  Oh, what was it? The Fleer Fleer?  Just I don't know.
 You said it really fast.
  I thought you said fully a Rex man.
  I thought you were talking about some pornographic  the fully Rex men.
  That's a good fleer was the name of the card company.
  Yeah, they were playful, though, like Wolverine.
  They were barbecuing hot dogs with his claws.
  He had like hot dogs on his claws.
  Playful like the comedy at a burlesque show.
  Yeah, yeah, exactly.
  The one weird one, the X.
  The one weird one.
  Is that like Jubilee is dumping  suntan lotion on Professor X's head.
  And if you really think about it, Jubilee is very young.
  And she should not be flirting.
  She's like 16 at best.
  With the professor in that way, though, that being said,  there's a lot of storylines about professor, like fantasizing about  Jean Grey, his young student.
  So there's all yeah, that's the whole thing.
  Brian Singer didn't bring the weirdness.
  No, no, but he was drawn to it because he's a.
  That explains because of his illness.
  So anyway, power power.
  I don't know what the I have.
  I don't have these lyrics in my head at all.
  And so the lizards and tadpoles.
  Yeah, I mean, I have all the I have all the lyrics right here.
  Let's hear it.
 We'll play it.
  Yeah.
 And then yeah, this is.
  Yeah, growing, it's the lyrics growing up in the glass  full of millions lizards and tadpoles.
  I need you tonight.
  The coolest guitar.
  There's something better than this.
  No.
  Let us sleep in the parent.
  Maybe you see from the.
  But it's.
  That OK, so that lyric is  lettuce leaf and a carrot, maybe a seed from a parrot.
  Believe me when I tell you the world, the word gourmet just don't exist.
  So this is about them as little turtles.
  Yes.
 Before the mutation, they're just, you know, in a pet shop or whatever.
  And they are lucky if they get a lettuce leaf and a carrot or a seed from a parrot,  which I'm confused by.
  So if my two cats came to life and became part human,  which is a horrifying thought, and then started eating steaks or burgers.
  Your cats became swat cats.
  Oh, oh, that's fine.
 Sure.
  I like the sound of that.
  But maybe they'd sing a song about like we only ate kibbles.
  Yeah, they were bitch about what you were piece of cheese.
  Yeah.
 If Edwin, who was sitting on the couch here,  he would be really mad at what I have not let him had to eat.
  They're going to murder us.
  Yes.
 Mutation never happens.
  Well, they become a squat cats.
  They have the full force of the state behind the violence of the state.
  I better start giving my cats pizza now.
  It's an emergency.
  Oh, yeah, the lyric is a pizza power, a flying saucer food delight, which  it's I guess flying saucer because it works in the show.
  They're like flying saucer shape.
  I guess that's food.
  It's still not quite.
  No.
 And then it's the one I've described as my favorite.
  And yet I'm I've had my fill of pizza power.
  I think Walk Straight is still my favorite.
  Oh, sure.
 But I like pizza power.
  I think I also like pizza power because it makes the most sense.
  This is a turtle show.
 It's about pizza.
  There's an origin in it.
  So like this is what you want.
  You want a song about pizza?  Yeah, sure.
 And it's another audience because there's some  because some of that some of the songs are just like kind of about  just like being being good and true to your friends.
  No treaties, particularly.
  I'm confused by.
 Yeah.
  What a title.
  It's very interesting to me.
  Sounds like a mountain goat song.
  Yeah, really serious.
 Yes.
  Very serious song.
  So, yeah, pizza power.
  We can we can keep moving.
  You mentioned the good guitar and just to please.
  Yes.
 I mean, I have a couple of things about who played on the record,  but let me just say I'll do it in pieces.
  I will say there's a couple of credited guitarists,  including a guy named Phil Chanel, who wrote the song holding out for a hero.
  Oh, yeah.
 Footloose Bonnie Tyler song.
  But the four credit guitarist and one of them is a guy just named Space Man.
  I clicked on his discogs,  his full name, Space Man Patterson, very highly regarded,  largely jazz guitarist.
  He was in Miles Davis's touring band before this.
  And then he's playing these turtle parts.
  Went on to he's recently played with Frank Ocean a bunch.
  But the most interesting credit in this guy's discography,  and I won't get off track for too long here, but he played on an album  from 2009 called The Cosner, Roddy Presents State of Emergency.
  Does that ring a bell?  No, what is that?  Would you let's analyze that word cause in a row?  I.
 Any familiar sounds in there?  C.
O.
S.
 cause in a row.
  Oh, my God.
  This was my God, a rap album.
  Oh, my God.
  Executive produced.
 Oh, no.
  Hey, hey, hey.
 Oh, no.
 Bill Cosby.
  Oh, no.
  I'll be made a fool.
  He's credited as like the designer.
  I think the I think it was like, well, it's the cause in a row.
  He presents.
 He made up like a Wu Tang  Esk like organization name scarier than the foot clan.
  I'll tell you that much.
  Wow.
 The Cosner, Roddy.
  And so he doesn't play on it.
  He doesn't sing on it.
  He's just like he presented.
  He funded a rap album.
  My goodness.
  And would you and then Space Man, the turtles, one of the turtles,  guitarists like playing most of the instruments on it.
  Would you like to take a wild guess as to what the Cosner,  Roddy Presents State of Emergency mostly consisted of?  Rap rap is a problem.
  Bill Cosby was always complaining about rap and how people wear their pants.
  Well, he combines his two favorite things to complain about.
  He uses rap to tell black people to pull their pants up.
  It is an album of scolding.
  Oh, my God.
  Problems.
 Jesus.
  I heard of this shit.
  What a massive piece of shit.
  I heard about this a long time ago on the A.
V.
  Club's least essential albums of 2009, which is a feature there as I loved.
  But that one stuck with me.
  The Cosner, Roddy.
  She was off.
  You hate rap music, but you will use it to scold.
  Well, I got to go to hell, Bill Cosby.
  So anyway, there is shared personnel between the Cosner, Roddy  and the turtles.
 My goodness.
  Let's get back into more pleasant things.
  I just could not.
 You can't.
  I was in a no second gate episode of the Cosner.
  You will not.
  We say, you know, it would be fun.
  Not in this case.
  That's the end of the Cosner, Roddy on this show.
  That being said, like, let's cut to three years down the line.
  And we're like, what do we got here?  Oh, you know, the episode.
  Roddy.
 All right.
  It'll be all Bill Cosby's music will be fed out and then the Cosner, Roddy.
  Yeah.
 Well, what's now?  Or are we maybe we do?  Do you want to talk about Walk Straight?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What's the you have the order in front of you or the actual show?  The more is different than I mean, the next in my list.
  Well, the next in my list is skipping stones.
  Yeah.
 I'm ready to talk.
  Skip.
 I'm ready to talk.
  As a kid, like you're saying, I hated skipping stones.
  I fast forward as well.
  I was fast forwarded.
  The reason and let me start playing it while I talk.
  The splinters song.
  Oh, an important thing before you start playing.
  Splinter comes out and talks and he talks about the power of the ninja  and communicating with your fellow warriors and the spirit of he talks like that.
  And then the singing begins.
  Yes.
 The singing is different.
  It's very different.
  And also the video they play during the concert.
  It's another situation where it's a different splinter costume.
  Yeah, it's much different.
  And he's it's song about skipping stones and he skipped stones.
  And he's like with a child and he's by like he's in Central Park or something.
  It looks like they just took a camera crew.
  Maybe it's not Central Park.
  There's a camera crew out and just like we got five that we got.
  But we got.
 Hey, kid, you want to be in a video with master splinter?  And if I was a kid, I'd be like, yes, please.
  Oh, yeah, absolutely.
  But it's very like it's like tinted blue and shaky shots  from across the street of like a poor guy in the street.
 Yeah.
  Very like when all the artists did their like issue songs.
  That's what we're looking at here.
  So let me keep I'll start playing and keep talking because it's got a long intro.
  Yeah, but as a kid, fast forward right right away.
  Are you slow because it was slow?  I would skip skipping stones.
  Slow songs were just automatically boring.
  Yes.
 Yeah, sure.
 Like part of our world, but not.
  Yes, I like party.
  But even that when I wasn't so into until I was a little older.
  Now, the reason I don't hate this still  is that he sounds a little bit like he's doing a Springsteen voice.
  Certainly, yes.
  And it sounds like this could be a tunnel of love or something.
  If you imagine Bruce singing this right here, let's just imagine Bruce.
  Close your eyes and think of.
  Like imagine Springsteen on Broadway.
  And flat inside my head.
  I was at the river the other day, but it needs some quiet right now.
  Right.
  Set free.
  I'm standing.
  Keep on.
  Skipping stones.
  That's what I.
 Yeah.
  Can't see nothing in front of me.
  Let's just hear it.
  Skipping stones.
  Now, that sounds like Axl Rose, that delivery.
 Oh, sure.
  That sounds like November rain.
  Yeah.
 So the verse.
  It's that.
  This is now he's more in Axl mode.
  That kind of way.
  What's that sound? Is it a guitar?  Is it a.
  Moving on.
  Is it a.
 That's a sin.
  On the fritz.
  That's guitar.
  Yeah, those are guitars.
  The cause and a right again.
  Such a.
  This could be at the end of the river.
  This could be the big song at the end of the river.
  And it's like, if you had to perform Streets of Philadelphia  after having been hit in the head with.
  He could.
  I believe those Springsteen did that.
  You mean pretty good.
  It's pretty good.
  The song itself is not really a problem.
  But this if you actually if you pull up my file of skipping stone.
  Yeah, and I will.
 That's the official file.
  Kind of jump to the  kind of the worst that it gets.
  Here we go.
  Back into that giant pain like see.
  When he sings me here.
  Things would fall from a small flat rock in me.
  Three.
 Yeah.
  Making a meal of it.
  Skipping stone.
  That's the totally imitating Axl Rose there.
  Oh, skipping stone.
  Here comes the peak.
  Water surrounds the way he thinks there's something real mantra about water  surrounds me.
  But the time for rings is past.
  OK, here we go.
  She's.
  How is that justifiable?  Who they didn't ask for another cake.
  And by that point, there's been a spoken word interlude  where he reminds you again that his speaking voice is because the power is in.
  Why couldn't you have sung it like that?  Why did it have to be a radically different voice?  Because, yeah, a lot of the turtles are, I think all of them have like  singing voices and regular voices, but this one is maybe the most dramatic  where you would be like, huh?  It's not two people who never met.
 Yeah.
  Also, the speaking splinter sounds very at peace.
  And the yeah, the other one sounds like he's like having an operation done.
  November rain is like, if.
  Yeah.
  So this one's unjustifiable a little bit.
  I mean, but I enjoy it a lot.
  And imagine that this is the one the most articulated puppet.
  He's yeah, he's blinking.
  He's his mouth is moving.
  I think this is a character even splinter.
  I like so much more now as a kid.
  You're like, he's the dad.
  He has to like, get out of your old man.
  Let the kids play.
  He's always getting his ass kicked.
  One guy from a big splinter guy now.
  And I do.
 I think this I think I may like this song more than other songs  on the album just because of it being so interesting.
  You're like you like dad rock now because I'm a dad rocker.
  I have to say, I think they spent all the money on the splinter costume  and had none left for shredder.
  Well, Shredder is just not even in cartoon.
  It feels very Halloween store.
  Samurai.
 Yeah.
  I mean, there's other songs.
  Well, I guess Walk Straight and Tube.
  Yeah, I mean, we don't have to spend a ton of time in all of them.
  I have not much to say about to been other than that.
  There's well, it's your crocodiles in it.
  Yeah, it's obviously a nod to your favorite band.
  It is.
 And it was nice to hear some 90s beach boy ask.
  I think is like you said, like, you know, like  Simpsons just fit next to Ninja Turtles for you.
  My childhood interests were all included, the Simpsons and the Beach Boys.
  They were and the Ninja Turtles, they're all the same to me.
  The song to been is exactly like the 90s Beach Boy album Summer in Paradise,  which was supposed to have a rap from Bart Simpson on it  and was the first major label album made on Pro Tools.
  So it sounds it is not held up super well.
  So both.
 So it's surf music that is very tinny.
  Very the Turtles and Beach Boys both had it going on.
  Yeah, we'll give a little tube in here.
  Let's go to.
  But that's another what instrument is that?  Look at that is a keyboard.
  I think that's like that seems like a Mario music maker guitar.
  Perhaps it's a sin or a mini like patch that they were talking about.
  Yeah, patch MIDI ready.
  To one of the surf and subterranean.
  Yeah.
 So it's not about inner tube and Jason.
  One of my least favorite songs to and I think on the album.
  Really? Yeah.
  See, I'm not any more fond of it because it's moving through the sewers  like a pastime.
  I mean, unless you call that surface of training.
  Surf, surf, surf, surf, surf and.
  No, I don't care for this.
  Yeah, it's it's OK.
  I think it's fun.
 It's I.
  I am your favorite.
  It's up there.
 I think, you know, I like the first three songs on the album.
  And that tends to be I I have a history of like with albums  liking the first three.
  I remember me in high school, like the first three tracks on White Blood  Cells, the White Stripes album being like, this is great.
  Are you sure it's not just an attention span thing?  Partly an attention span thing.
  Yeah, no, that's that's definitely they start to drift.
  What's the April ballad of White Blood Cells?  Where's the skipable?  Well, do you know? I don't know.
  You go like, we're going to be friends.
  And you like, do you like that?  Boring boo.
 That's for dads.
  I like we can be friends.
 Yeah, we are going to be friends.
  It's like the theme to Conan's podcast.
 I.
  Those are similar.
 Well, Jack, yeah, it is.
  It is what he's using that as his podcast.
  Right.
 Yeah, being friends is  I think on the next album on Elephant, it's the well, it's true that we love  one another, right?  I love Jack White like little brother.
  I like that song.
 Yeah.
  I think at the time I skipped it.
  Now I like what are the all of the analogs between the white strips  and the in the turn of Charles.
  All right.
 I guess we go to walk straight.
  Sure.
 Which I enjoy a lot more, I think, even than I liked as a kid,  because I don't think I don't think I understood grooves as a child.
  You didn't understand great grooves like this.
  Now we're up.
  The verse is good.
  It's a great back when we were coming out of my shell.
  Is this the most hip hop influence song on the album?  I think it is the hip hop.
 Yeah.
  It's somewhere between hanging tough and my prerogative.
  Yeah, that's very much right.
  The walk straight is actually the worst part of the song, I feel.
  Yeah, that's kind of boring.
  This is great.
  And that kind of takes a little bit to go back in the verse.
  Sorry.
  What is this song about?  I think it's about not doing drugs.
  I think so.
  Growing up in the 90s, I really thought that like  around every corner was a child doing hard drugs.
  Yeah.
 Men with trench coats will be everywhere.
  You'll know they're bad.
  Yeah.
  So this part, I like this part again.
  Yeah.
  It's a better like hip hop song than  where they introduce themselves, which is what cowabunga.
  OK, do I have an appreciation for that as well?  No, of course.
  These look these are all great.
  Walk straight.
 Good.
  I think it's good.
  I don't I'm confused that don't mutate.
  Yeah, I never got to mutate, but they mutate.
  Right.
 That's the that's the problem is that they  mutated and it turned out good for them, honestly.
  So yeah.
  So maybe I should do drugs as well.
  So, yeah, it's a very confusing message.
  And they're using mutate, I think, to like, you know, when your brain changes,  its brain chemistry changes doing drugs.
  I assume that's what they mean.
  Yeah.
 Talk straight, be straight.
  And I assume they mean, of course, not on drugs, not heterosexual.
  I assume it was who knows then who knows what secret  money was trying to get out.
  Yeah.
 What the government pay, you know, will pay you five hundred  thousand dollars if you put in a heterosexual message into the show.
  We're getting a lot of kids into a theater and we need to set them right.
  We need to make sure we need to fix.
  You may be you may not be green and have a cool shell,  but you'll be you and you'll do it so well.
  It's also, I think, maybe just saying like, don't give it to peer pressure.
  Yeah, be yourself.
 That's a nice message.
  Too much of yourself, you little freaks.
  You'll end up going into the arts like weirdos.
  I guess maybe what they mean by mutate is like you're going to change  to be something you're not to to to try to be in a different group  of friends you think are cooler or something.
  You know, in the genre of songs that are about like, don't do bad stuff.
  This could be this is less embarrassing than other versions of that.
  Again, I have to say I'm great.
  I'm grading on the McGruff curve at this point.
  Well, the problem is that's impossible.
  Three months ago, it's a whole other ballgame.
  The McGruff curve is insane.
  Yeah, that's like that's like grading this against the after the gold rush  by Neil Young or something that like this is a that's a classic album.
  This is obviously that got some fun stuff and kitschy factor.
  But McGruff is legit good.
  It's more about the experience with McGruff.
  McGruff is a purely good album.
  This is an interesting package.
 Yes.
  And to that end, maybe now it's time to talk about  what really sets this apart in my book, because I forgot something  in the narrative towards the end of Skipping Stones, that video  where Splinter is meditating with New York children  starts to skip and interrupt.
  And who should interrupt the feed?  But Shredder Shredder is not only a video presence, he's in the theater.
  He also at some point in Act one freezes them  and they don't know what happens.
  It's not being picked up on the shred scan.
  As we said, what happened?  Shredder.
 But after Walk Straight, the Foot Clan invades.
  And as I said, this is not a stunt show.
  So there is a lot of very distant punching and kicking.
  A lot of flashing lights meant to distract from the fact  that there is no choreographed fighting going on.
  There's a lot of quips.
 There's something about there's  there's one.
 This is one thing Bo don't know.
  So that's for Mundy.
 Yeah.
  And then he says, get it, Bo.
  What? Yeah.
 Yes.
  What do you why would that help me get it?  Does he mean that it's a reference also to his weapon?  A bow because Jonathan is a bow staff.
  Oh, so that must be what it is.
  Well, this is not accomplished.
  The jokes are so still.
  There's a weird running Barry Manilow joke.
  There's an Elvis thing, which is again every time  Elvis and kids entertain in the 1990s, Elvis was 40 plus years old.
  Like who could not get it?  Yeah.
 Well, there's still Elvis in Vegas.
  When is that show going to die? Never.
  Like how many Elvis and Persons are doing like for whatever reason.
  That's still is cultural impact is still being felt.
  There's a reference in this section in the show where,  you know, here I don't I don't even want to get ahead of myself.
  Let's let's let me stay on track.
  Fighting happens, but the turtles are overtaken for some reason  because there is a loud machine.
  Shredder has shown up and revealed that he got into the theater.
  Lacks security because he showed up with a stage filling machine  called the D harmonic Convergence Controller.
  Holy shit.
 This thing is terrifying.
  However, it also involves like a trash can and a tube  where you put music in and then it spits it out as confetti.
  So there's a much more I don't know why they need the full rooms worth of.
  Industrial fans.
 Yes.
  How did the is it just to cool down the tube and the gun?  They get that hot under stage lighting.
  Maybe that must be it could be that.
  But things have built to such a point that the turtles just have to leave  and they just say, we'll be back unclear why they're leaving.
  But then in the most terrifying moment of your childhood,  Shredder throws to intermission and he says he's going to lock the doors.
  And he says, I like this for this still scares me a little bit.
  I'll tell you when I want you back.
  So the intermission occurs.
  I there's all this stuff with David Rubrik, but I'm going to skip it  because I need to talk about the song.
  I hate music.
  This is the center.
  Why do I care about this?  Why do why was I excited about doing an episode?  I love I hate music with all my heart.
  I hate music is a song, a song that shredder sings about hating music.
  It is a musical ode to no music.
  What a wonderful conundrum enigma.
  I love it so much.
  Before that, Shredder,  after intermission, kids are chanting turtles, turtles to their chagrin.
  The turtles do not show up, but rather  April, who is tied to a big rope and then  and the foot army and then Shredder, who still has control of the stage.
  And he proceeds to just do like roast material  at the audience for a full seven minutes.
  That I liked.
 It is so much fun.
  I just I could just swim in that.
  It's it could not be long enough.
  It's it is he just paces back and forth.
  The cameras at Dutch angles, assuming in and out.
  We are so far gone from concert at this point.
  It is not tight.
 It is not tidy.
  We're just what like children are screaming.
  Kids are in the aisles, shaking swords around.
  Well, this actor just hurls insults.
  And the other thing about Shredder, he has kind of a voice modulator on.
  So everything dialogue is all.
  Yeah, it's like, oh, it's all like part.
  But it's down.
  There's like a whiny quality to it because of the modulator as well.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, that makes anything sound funny.
  Yeah.
 And especially just roast jokes.
  Thank you.
  He's first of all, a lot of it, he's like fishing for something like you.
  What's your name, Ben?  What was it, Ben?  Oh, big Ben.
  And that's all he gets out.
  That's the joke there.
  He does have a good one in his pocket, which he says, it was that your sister.
  When it no friend, friend.
  No.
 OK.
  Cousin.
 Oh, cousin.
  What's the matter? Couldn't get a date.
  That's the best joke of the whole show.
  And then the kid keeps the other kids.
  These kids are so in it.
  They all think it's real.
  They are committed.
  If they don't fight right now verbally,  everything's fucked.
  So the kid who got that insult keeps fighting.
  He says, who do you hang out with?  Who do you hang out with?  And it's pitched.
  It's like a high pitched kid's voice and it's barely mic'd.
  So it's a detail.
  You have to watch this many times to have heard it as I have.
  Have I watched this whole video a lot of times?  No.
 Have I watched I hate music frequently?  I sure have.
  It's it's so delightful.
  I remember this part of the show when he was addressing the audience.
  How was this in person?  I was terrified.
 I didn't want him to notice me.
  I was like, please don't notice me.
  And there were kids in the aisle.
  My sister, three years younger than me, was dancing in the aisle.
  I don't recall if she I don't think she was yelling at Shredder,  but she was very comfortable to like dance and like yell with the kids in the aisle.
  I was not.
 I wanted to stay in my seat  because I was very worried that Shredder would notice me and murder me.
  Hey, you, you don't seem too comfortable in your skin, do you?  Probably a lot of insecurities.
  For a friend that I'm talking to you right now.
  Yeah.
 We got to get out of here.
  And then he just and then like it stops being heard.
  He just like slices you with his wrist guard.
  It kills me.
  My worst fear.
  There's a cooler painting of you in an attic somewhere.
  I another favorite joke of mine.
  You know, I think I've seen your face on a milk carton recently.
  I put into Moonbeam City.
  I had a whole there's a whole episode about stunt shows and like  and the character Rad is a stunt show villain.
  And he says that I think I also tried to put in the line  imbecilic little punoids also a good detail, which he reprises on Oprah,  because that's this thing that happens in the show also happens on Oprah.
  And Oprah seems like she was only barely briefed about what was going to have.
  She knows like Shredder is going to come out at some point,  and she's trying to cue it.
  So somebody just says Shredder and she's in like, like, oh, God, I hate that guy.
  Like, well, I think while he's going to come out at some point,  right, then wave of booze and then and Shredder is in the back of the audience  at Oprah, tall, calling him punoids saying every style, every city you'll be in.
  I'll be there when you're in Chicago.
  I'll be there.
 Miami.
  I'll be there as well.
  I'm at a perhaps in San Antonio.
  It is such a blast also that all of this just front to back booing.
  And how much fun to be in an audience where you are just you just get to boo  and boo, I don't think I've ever been part of a good booing.
  I don't I want to rail too much.
  But in high school, senior year, we ran the student council with an iron fist.
  And we got to decide what the theme of the homecoming was.
  And we decided that I forget why.
  I think it was like the theme of homecoming was city something.
  And we said the theme of the the pep rally before  or of the assembly was going to be Gotham City.
  And we staged my friend Luke playing the Riddler  and a couple and some of us as goons to steal the homecoming crown from a child.
  Whoa.
 And the audience,  you can see it because there's a video of it.
  And I've watched it recently.
  The audience is at first not quite on board.
  Then because of the fact that we were doing so much like moviemaking  and backyard wrestling, we had some stunts in our pocket.
  So we did a little stunt show and we got the way into it.
  So it was we were thrilled.
  It was a big success.
  And there was a big pep rally coming up in a couple of days.
  And we said, well, let's do it again.
  Only let's take it up a notch.
  So we got we doubled the amount of goons the Riddler had.
  We made big giant signs of the opposing football team  that we draped into the gym, like giant signs.
  Oh, my God.
  So in the middle of this teacher that would always rally the like,  oh, come on, sex, let's go.
  First of all, he blew his cue.
  We told him, don't mention the Riddler, just we'll interrupt you.
  And all of a sudden he goes, oh, what's that?  Is it the Riddler? And we were like, God damn it.
  And the one thing he fucked that up.
  But I unfortunately, even though I was one of the architects,  was only one of the goons.
  But we were all hidden with like stuff under our clothes in the audience.
  So Riddler shows up in the top floor of the gym.
  We unfurl these giant banners that we had made.
  Court.
 Now, this is what you're talking about with booze.
  The most satisfying booze I've ever felt in my life.
 Yeah.
  This is a huge everyone's jacked up for the big homecoming weekend.
  Everyone is booing.
  Luke and two other of my friends dressed as goons are walking through.
  They hopped the railing down the risers.
  They're throwing confetti like, you know, like Jack Nicholson  or something in the first Batman movie.
  They're throwing confetti.
  And Luke is roasting people on his way down.
  And it's the booze were the greatest.
  Like we all had signs to promoting the other football team.
  So I'm walking around with a sign and people are booing me.
  And then we humiliate our mascot in the front in the middle of the court.
  And he takes the head off and it's Batman.
  And then we do a giant fight in the middle and Batman beats us all up.
  Wow.
 And it's like the greatest.
  Still probably the greatest moment of my life.
  And this is theme parks.
 This is wrestling.
  Yeah.
 And what did Luke go on to do?  Television writer? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  What do you mean?  No, it's just funny.
 You both ended up out here in city of dreams.
  Too theatrical.
 Your storytelling.
  Yes.
 The prowess proved so strong that it had to be carried out to Los Angeles.
  I mean, yeah, that's the I mean, this is like it's Green Goblin.
  It's like fantastic.
  This is like I and I know it has in wrestling, too.
  Just like like, yeah, being a cartoony heel for children.
  What a wonderful thing.
  And I guess I could watch Shredder strut back and forth and just improvise jokes  that you know, this actor is having the greatest time.
  Yeah, I think they did.
  I think the stat is there were 270 performances of this show.
  Oh, my God.
 I bet he ate it up every time.
  I bet every like like, you know what I get to do today?  I get to go be screamed at by children who I'm allowed to be mean back to.
  Yeah.
 What a wonderful thing.
  But it culminates in my favorite part of the show.
  It culminates in my favorite by far.
  My favorite music composition, which ironically is I hate music.
  All right.
 Do you just have the whole thing or do you?  I have to.
 I can use your clips.
  That's OK.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
  Yeah.
 If you go in the order they're presented.
  Yeah.
 I just try to curate the best of.
  Right.
 I hate music.
 All right.
 Here we go.
  I hate music.
  Which is the same thing in this.
  Yes, exactly.
  I hate music.
  I hate music.
  That's that's that's just the beginning.
  I love that it's rhythmic for a second.
  I love that when the band's on a rehearsal, I hate music.
  I think it's the worst.
  I think it's the worst.
  I think it's the worst.
  I love that it's real.
 I hate music.
  But then just music.
  You can tell there's some rhythm struggle with this man.
  And OK, so a couple of things.
  I think that their assumption is, how do we how do we express  that Shredder hates music, but also do music?  I think they maybe have made the choice that rap is not music.
  Yeah, it does have a bizarre.
  It is an interesting perhaps comment by the people making this.
  You were clearly like older studio musicians.
  This is their way to like stick it to rap.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Let's prove it with example.
  Then the lyric I.
  I love this so much.
  The gift of the gift of song is a gift.
  I curse that's that just is wonderful.
  But then the way I think what you just played was I  I love it when the band is under rehearsed,  I guess because if he hates music and if a band is under rehearsed,  then that is like less music.
  Yeah, I guess you like seeing music failing.
  Yes, he enjoys the failure of a band, maybe fall on its face.
 Right.
  If he went to a concert and the bass and the keyboard  were not plugged in properly, he might like that  because there is a failure of music.
  He probably he probably laughed with Glee  when the Ashley Simpson incident on SNL occurred.
  My favorite music ever, probably Ashley Simpson.
  No, yeah, he loves any.
  Yeah, he liked when Prince's guitar wasn't plugged on on Saturday Night Live.
  Yeah, yeah.
 He thought that was great.
  He may be does he like sit and watch music in hopes of music fucking up?  Or is it or maybe he doesn't?  Maybe he waits for like, hey, if you ever see like a problem with music  and then just forward it to me, Baxter Stockman sends to me,  sends me YouTube link at Gmail dot com Baxter S at Gmail dot com.
  Send me just for me like music fails.
  Like any time they have music fails.
  I do tape trading of music fail compilations  like a hurricane caves the stage in.
 That's good.
  I mean, like, hey, because people are getting hurt, but man,  be mainly because music's going south.
  I so so fun.
  I mean, and also the kind of dancing he's doing is just this like sort of like  pirate hopping around and a lot of like legs, legs wide out  and then arm way up.
  And there's a lot of like spitting like  and there's a moment that I like where he April has his back to  April's on a big rope.
  He has his back to her and then he walks up and like,  like taps her on the shoulder tap, tap, tap.
  And then says, I think it's the worst.
  And she like jumps back.
 Ah.
  But the other I think the other clip, I'm not sure how many I hate music.
  So you have three here.
 Three.
 Yeah.
  Play number three, my favorite part.
  Music is going to be a song.
 I don't know.
 It's not my goal.
  I just want you to every day you listen to the words I say.
  I control the world because the music is gone.
  I am the leader from now on.
  Do you hear what I say? I hate music.
  I think it's the worst.
  I love the worst.
  They say the music is good for your soul.
 I don't know.
 It's not my goal.
  Yeah, I just and then I destroy music every day.
  That kind of like slant rhythm music.
  Yeah, it is not the correct way to know.
 No.
  But I love I feel like this guy maybe I think he himself was perhaps under  rehearsed, but he is diving into this with such gusto.
  I think it's one of my favorite performance.
  Whoever this man is, I looked up the name.
  He's like a theater actor who's still around.
  But God bless you.
  I it is so much fun.
  If I hit music was 35 minutes long, I would actually go inverse.
  I would have most of this show be Shredder's thoughts on music  and then like a little bit of turtles.
  Just give them one number.
  But let's just go artist by artist.
  Let's see him destroy every album.
  Orchard's not a fan.
 Quartet's no thanks, man.
  At least they're better.
  There's less of them.
  Orchards are the most music.
  I hate music.
  I these are like white stripes  like more like I wipes it with my butt.
  Put it in the harmonic and for its controller.
  It's the worst.
 I think it's the worst.
  What's the worst music?  It's a tie between all.
 I hate music.
  I so much fun.
  Oh, and then at the end, if you haven't gotten  if you ever like picked up on his point, he says, get the picture.
  I hate music.
  Hit it.
 That's right, buddy.
  He says, that's right, buddy.
  Yeah.
 He's not talking to anyone specifically.
  Now, I say anybody who might be in your shot.
  I don't want to break down the logic of this too much,  but I do think it's interesting that for whatever Shredder,  there's not any instance of him  complaining about music in the comics or cartoon.
  He somehow has an inverse opinion than the Turtles do all of a sudden.
  Yeah.
 So they're into it and he hates it.
  What it is, he's just being contrarian.
  If they got into crocheting, it'd be I hate crochet.
  I hate whatever is popular.
  I'm not going to see end game.
  He's just he's a hipster, really, is what he's.
  Yeah, contrarian.
  I was the first to not like music.
  Because I think I think my thoughts at the time were that it was the worst.
  You tried to explain this to me a while back.
  And I'm like, what is that?  And then and when I first started poking around, I'm like this.
  There's no music track on the album and then the live video.
  Yeah, it's there.
  It's the centerpiece of the show.
  I don't know what it is without it.
  It's the it's the molten core.
  And yeah, I love it so much.
  Just that general, I hate music.
  He's he's a villain.
  He's a murderer villain who controls an army and he hates music.
  And yet how he chooses to express that is I hate music.
  I know that he's so like cutesy, sashay.
  It seems like he's having a great time.
  He he's very like if they they took his modulator off, he is.
  I think his voice is cute.
  I think his performance is cute.
  I think that he's actually jokes are cute.
  They're kind of for everybody.
  Yeah.
  He has those big, weird painted on eyebrows in that close close ups,  which are strange, but like he's a male.
  Grace Jones from the inside.
  Yes.
  And he's laughing during like he's laughing during it, too.
  And he's like the least threatening man I've ever seen.
  Yeah.
  And it's a lot.
 And it's very classic.
  Yeah, which is great.
  But at the time, of course, I thought he was a devil himself.
  He's carrying act two because all the turtle stuff got so confusing to me.
  They're like in the sewers.
  They have like a cloaking device, but it only works so much.
  And like he's explaining it to the music cloaking because then we can get back in.
  The music won't affect us.
 God.
  They're so whiny explaining shit to rubrics.
  Also got to call out,  does anybody want a new kids on the blog?  I hear they're bringing up topical references.
  Topical reference.
  And people boo that.
 No.
  Yeah, we don't want that.
  We want them to stay together.
  They mean it.
 They really mean it.
  And then as soon as the song is over,  it could not be quicker on the draw.
  April's full volume voice booing.
  I just love a silly rap by a mean guy and then everybody booze.
  Yeah, it is just simple pleasures.
  And then as you reference, Jason, there's all the logic of that.
  Maybe he will leave Barry Manilow because that, I guess, is so bad  that it's you maybe don't consider it music.
  But then he has a change of heart.
  And as his power and hatred grows, he says, I will destroy the music,  including Barry Manilow.
  And then very confusingly, he said well, so he really references songs  as he does with the turtles earlier.
  He references Flo and Eddie, the band, the turtles, right?  My D harmonic controller.
  We're happy together.
  A joke only for parents.
  And then do they like it?  But he does the same thing with Manilow and he says,  Mary, you write the songs that make the whole world puke.
  But before that, he says, have a nice weekend in New England.
  No idea.
 No idea.
  I don't know what that is.
  I asked my wife who likes Barry Manilow, Mary Barry Manilow enough  to have a shirt of him.
  She has no idea what Barry, what nice weekend in New England is about.
  No idea.
 Did you?  No, don't care that much.
  Do it.
 Did Michelangelo make a joke about Mandy to like the turtles?  Talking to the reporter.
  There's a joke about Mandy that's not bad.
  It's pretty good.
  I don't remember it, though, now.
  He came and he gave without taking or something.
  I don't know.
  But that's in that same zone where they're so petulant  about not understanding because it's a cloaking device.
  And I know because Mandy came and gave it like taking it.
  Like, I get off my back and they're fighting with each other.
  It always stressed me out when the turtles fight with each other.
  Yeah.
 Just Raph is mean.
  Yeah.
 Why is he so mean?  So then then this plot  continues where he's you see the machinations of music disappearing  and elevator music is gone and some and they interview in a pre-tip video  a man who's like working to try to get the elevator music back.
  And he references Ray Conniff's Mr.
 Bojangles.
  That's incredibly I only know from like the lounge section at Amoeba.
  What Ray Conniff is? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Deep cuts in this show for having like hammy jokes.
  Well, this guy is this big this  what Bichon guy is Broadway.
  He started on Broadway.
  So I think he's a lot of these are his references.
  Probably cheeky.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And Broadway humor is very distinct.
  It's very yes.
  Sometimes it's kind of theme parky where it's like broad and eight to 80.
  And then sometimes it's so narrow.
  It's literally just for the people who work on Broadway.
  That on a stage.
 Yeah.
  So so to tie into my next I might be jumping around a little bit.
  But so there's this voice modulator on shredder.
  And then the next time the turtles perform, it is the song No Treaties.
  And if you could play clip number one that I put on there,  I believe there was a mistake and maybe a little voice modulator was left on.
  He thinks he can stop it.
  Bring it all to end.
  And now it's him.
  It's about.
  That's why I think that's why I think the it was live.
  Yeah, well, it has to be a view event.
  So there's yeah, there's a lot of like that very  if you're filming a Broadway thing where you can hear like stomps  and just like straight sound on the stage.
  But anyway, I have music has occurred,  but it really is all downhill from here to me because we get in all these like very  like patients trying ballads.
  Well, no treaties is a little upbeat.
  Yeah, yeah.
 That's how I see it.
  Yeah, it's OK.
  And we're just like kind of getting ready to because how do you top?  Yeah, this is no treaties to pull the album out of no.
  And it's I like this more than I remembered liking it.
  I like the voice modulator.
  The Lord.
  The Lord.
 No, the inspectors.
  Good.
  The YouTube song, No Treaties.
  No Treaties.
  I mean, I don't know why it's in a Ninja Turtle show.
  Yeah, it's an odd.
  Maybe this was like a cast off.
  Somebody had no treaties in the pocket.
  Yeah, they were writing a real like Reagan's Scorcher and then.
  Right.
  No treaties.
  Like there's something like sees bodies moving, but he can't stop the beat.
  No treaties after the war.
  Thinks he can stop it, bring it all to an end.
  But it's him that will break because we'll never bend.
  The music is moving.
  So get up and dance.
  We're four rockin brothers and we're taking a stand together.
  We're ready to fight and defend.
  We'll do what we have to and we'll find a way to bring back the music and do it today.
  Wait, where'd the rhyme go?  I don't know.
 I screwed up.
  I hope it stays dark forever.
  The last lyric is after the war.
  Take that shredder.
  I love a band doing songs about like, we're going to get him.
  That evil jerk is like, yeah, I wish.
  If a band inexplicably had like a diss track of a mean man.
  Oh, yeah.
 I mean, like a hip hop, it happens, obviously.
  Sure.
 True.
 But I don't know.
  And John Paul wrote angry songs about each other after the Beatles woke up.
  Uh huh.
 So this is so much in the Beatles tradition.
  This might be a good point to say, you brought up Rafael's singing voice.
  I don't know who Rafael is.
  I don't know who most of the singers are, but I looked up all of them.
  A lot of them not very interesting credits, except for one, the voice of Donatello.
  This is a man named Frank Sims.
  Frank Sims credits are insane.
  He and his brother are the voices on the specific part of the song.
  Living in a material world.
  Oh, wow.
 And let's dance.
  China girl, modern love, all of those boys songs.
  And he was the back.
  He and his brother backup singers on the entire series Moonlight Tour.
  And finally, perhaps most iconically,  Frank Sims sang the part Saturday TV Funhouse TV Funhouse.
  That voice is Donatello in this show.
  Also, longtime Bowie backup singer.
  We need to get him on the show and just talk about this show.
  Yes, I think nobody we need to corner the market  of getting very interesting people with amazing careers on and talking about them,  talking to them about the smallest sliver, their lowest point.
  So are you OK?  How did you keep your head together?  Six weeks of where I didn't have work.
  And so I took whatever this was.
  All right.
 Let's get let's go.
  We are running.
  Yeah, I know.
 I need to leave.
  Scott, there's there's stuff.
  This this will be more turtles to come.
  But also, but let's get the cowabunga.
  Sure.
 Because I it's funny to me.
  All right.
  My favorite part is how lazy the song is.
  That's basically here.
  Let's get on with the show.
  Oh, my God.
  We are the leaders of the same.
  You can't drop that beat.
  We're going to go for the bus.
  He's a turtle.
  Stand tall and proud.
  Just a little bit of 90s.
  Here.
  To rock the ground.
  He forgot to keep singing.
  Different kind of messages.
  What do you implement?  The space.
  And he said you got to keep pushing the envelope.
  Because if you don't, you'll wind up the door.
  Because when the door gets locked, the door gets locked.
  The winners are the ones who say it's never enough.
  Now, are you listening to what I'm saying?  I am still a mutant turtle in every way.
  What?  Oh, it's like there's no one was doubting that.
  But tonight.
  It just takes light.
  There's just these big gaps.
  And you feel like did he forget to keep singing?  Did he forget to keep.
  We're supposed to put in like cut up samples or something.
  Rolling down the street in my six four.
  Like that's that's all they heard of that song.
  Yeah.
  Oh, so every so all rap goes up, like starts from high and then it goes down low.
  It's Michelangelo singing that.
  And then the last part of it is I will I'll just do it.
  What do you do when you can't think of a rhyme?  Personally speaking, it's ending time.
  But that is a rhyme.
  He should have said, like, what do you do when you can't think of a rhyme?  So.
  Wrap it out.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But the song is very boring.
  That song should be a lot more fun.
  Yeah.
  This is the rap song where they introduce themselves.
  The intro themselves should be a lot more interesting, musically interesting.
  And that it should be fun.
  And it's very boring.
  It's probably that it's maybe my least favorite next to tubing.
  Well, let me hear.
  Put it on now while I start talking about it.
  Let me play my clip of Follow Your Heart.
  Oh, yeah.
  Song on the.
  Let's just try to not as horrible as this will be.
  Try.
 Let's try to not talk and see how we do.
  Follow your heart.
  Follow your heart.
  Follow your heart.
  He can try anything to tear us apart,  but there's one thing that's still clear  that there's no way that he'll get inside of our hearts.
  Just remember that we're still here.
  The time has come to change it all.
  To wash away your fear.
  We only have to stick together.
  But the time has come.
  Is it a mistake that there's no music?  Did somebody forget to actually Simpson style?  Did somebody forget to hit the button?  Very possible.
  It's very possible.
  It's choreographed.
  They're dancing a little bit during that.
  Why would it only be a voice and then right?  It sounds and it's not like, oh, my God, what an amazing voice.
  We should, of course, do this a cappella or they're like all harmonizing  with each other.
  It just feels it does feel like he's like a little hesitant to like,  oh, shit, is it going to come in or?  Yeah.
 And making it up as he goes.
  And then there's a remember the things that we find.
  We get on the fire and that shred is a jerk.
  Yeah, I don't like to work and there was like five seconds  where it sounded like the isolated track from the LCD sound system.
  So all my friends  spend less than years trying to get away.
  Whoa.
  A little bit.
 I wrote down that it's sort of like craft work or Bowie's heroes.
  Incredibly spare.
  Yeah.
 Avant Garde experimental just actually that rocket sound feels very 70s.
  If you think of it as minimalist art rock,  that's one thing.
 Yeah, I think I think that's probably Shredder's  favorite song on the album because it has the least music.
  I that's OK.
 That's a moderate amount.
  I'd still rather know.
  But hey, no instruments.
 You're getting somewhere.
  I tweeted at Bob, Bob Bijon.
  Oh, yes.
  This is actually now the thing I teased earlier, because there's no good results.
  But I asked because I found the thing that said that there were more songs written  and then for maybe the second show, which I have those songs.
  There's a couple of new songs for the second version of this.
  That was happening.
  But I'm saying like there we have to find the full Follow Your Heart  because it's not on the actual album.
  No.
 So we have to we will not know that until we hear  what a studio version of Follow Your Heart was.
  And I'm going to ask if Bob will tweet back at me.
  I hope.
 How strange would it be for him as a major Microsoft figure  to suddenly get the specific question?  So did the album cut a Follow Your Heart instruments  or was it acapella like the live version or was that a mistake?  And were you influenced by Kraftwerk?  All right.
 I will actually tweet that now at him as well.
  Then to my original tweet.
 Oh, boy.
  So, OK, there's so much I don't I'm not trying to wrap it up,  but I literally need to leave.
  I mean, hey, I could leave and keep going all of the Japan episode.
  But you guys keep going.
  But what else?  Count on us is brings it home in a nice way.
  April ballot is, you know, boring.
 It's pretty boring.
  I like to play a little bit of section of it.
  Right.
 We can talk.
  You want?  Nothing I would do would make me scared.
  Nothing I would do would make me scared.
  Like another like this to.
  I'm scared.
 Oh, no, chimes.
  I hate music.
  I don't win chimes.
  Like if you spray perfume in front of you or cologne, you walk through it.
  You get the faintest sense.
  It's like that.
  But with total eclipse of the heart, but they do like the faintest in the distance.
  It's playing in the distance.
  Yeah, it's kind of and they kind of heard it.
  And they're like, all right, something sort of like that.
  And then the April ballot is basically just leading into count on us.
  Pretty much.
 Yeah.
  It's like she doesn't even get her own like full thought.
  They shortchanged her.
  If you're talking Bechtel test, the song is entirely about maybe my friends.
  Well, yes, help me break me out of this rope.
  And and then in the ultimate insult to injury,  what's the name of this April ballad?  April.
 Yeah, right.
  It didn't even doesn't get doesn't kick ass, doesn't defend herself.
  It doesn't like just talks about them and then doesn't get a name of the song.
  I couldn't even be count on us.
 Part one and two.
  Yeah.
 Kind of intro.
  Countless like right, Koda or prelude.
  And then they take her voice away, Ariel style.
  They just like and that too.
  And then he takes her voice away.
  So she can't sing anymore.
  And then and then they get rid of shredder and they like  put them in a box and it like zaps.
  And that's that.
  And then one of them says, wait, we got to fix April's voice.
  And she says, it was fixed.
  I don't know why it was earlier.
  OK, great.
  And then they all sing count on us, which she doesn't have a part in.
  Right.
 She's not allowed to sing the song.
  She just sang a little of again with her friends.
  Yeah.
 It's not like all the characters,  but the Broadway people should know more than anybody.
  And then they all.
  Can you hear the people sing at the end?  No, no, no.
 Just turtles still.
  And it's funny, she always had to be the damsel in distress,  but the original April action figure came with a gun.
  Oh, yeah.
  Camera and a gun.
  Sorry, sorry.
  I attacked you with count on us.
  Also, a pretty good, pretty good song.
 Yeah.
  See the world in the cynical eyes.
  This is very Def Leppard.
  Yeah.
  No.
  If you had to rank, I think I'm going to pizza power coming out of our shells.
  Count on us in descending order.
  Walk straight.
  Heaps of power.
  Coming out of maybe no treaties, then coming out of our shells.
  No treaties?  I don't know.
 Maybe not.
  I have to think about that.
  Coming out of the shells.
  Count on us in two.
  Wow, two things in there.
  I hate to.
 I hate to.
  I think it's the worst.
  There is.
 I don't have it.
  So I have because we're going to wrap up here.
  There's going to be more because I will tell you this.
  I found it.
 It's too late.
  I should have started researching months ago.
  I found a blog that at one point hosted Spanish version  and the Hebrew version of coming out of our shells tour.
  And I corresponded with the person who runs the blog.
  And they said, Oh, are you are you the person who asked me for this weeks ago  to reupload? And I said, I don't think so.
  I just did this today.
  And they're like, well, I can't do it right away.
  But over the weekend, I can do it.
  So I wasn't going to be like, well, we're recording tomorrow.
  And I said, well, that's a good, good excuse to do a two part.
  There's other turtles in theme parks and stuff.
  Yeah, there's some catch all turtles thing.
  And there was a there's a good like Christmas turtles rap in.
  And that is pretty YouTube popular.
  Yeah.
 And there's a part two like there was so much to say to called what?  Getting down in your town, down in your town.
  I do now if we could do another turtles episode, I do not think getting down  in your town deserves an episode.
  No, it is much lazier.
  They kind of did the math like, how do we do another tour?  But less sets, less shredder, less  no Baxter, no splinter Casey Jones.
  But that doesn't have to be like a contracted like he looks like.
  Yeah, it's just some guy we found.
  It'll be a different bum in every town.
  Let's put a mask on him.
 Nobody will know.
  Yes.
 And there and that features a lazier tube and called Pizza USA.
  Yes, I have.
 And then I there's a there's three songs.
  I only have two of them.
  I have Pizza USA and I have getting down in your town.
  But supposedly there were more songs written for this,  which is what I've asked about.
  So I'm hoping there might be a treasure trove of besides  and things left on the cutting room floor because they're for  because they were hoping because they tour this is Six Flags  and they were hoping to then launch another giant tour the next year.
  Oh, and did it not go? No.
  And then it was over.
 Oh, well, that's why I think they were gearing up  to maybe do an expanded version of getting down in your town  with other songs that have been written.
  And who knows where those are? OK.
  So so we're going to have to do we're investigating.
  So we have to take an intermission.
  We'll do are coming to your town.
  Can we're going to get down in your town soon enough.
  Turtles to secret of the extra songs.
  This is getting down.
  You know, I want to listen.
 Oh, sorry.
  And we all see this on a four track.
  You can tell it's certainly in the same vein, the voice of the other  the other show that's got a long intro.
  I should have cut it.
  But they're still doing this sort of like a jangly America pop.
 Yeah.
  The night we met, I knew I needed him.
  So  now  Joe Joe just begun.
  It's very, very sticks.
  So Tommy Shaw.
  For each of you, each and every one.
  You're not in your town.
  Kind of sweet, you know.
  All right.
 Well, you know, we're going to get to a lot more.
  That's not an empty.
  But I think now we have to act as if  shredders, the harmonic convergence controller  has shown up in your apartment and ceased the recording of the episode.
  Shredder has caused all of the equipment to stop functioning.
  He's declared, I hate I hate podcasts about music.
  They're the worst other topics.
  They're OK.
 But music, I think that's the worst.
  Those are the episodes that I skip.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah, right now, shredder is here  in the form of Edwin farting on me.
  Everyone is farting on Jason.
  He's also shedding a ton right now, too.
  All right.
  D Oda fire, his D harmonious Oda fire is poisoning the atmosphere.
  We got to get out of here now.
  We'll be back.
