 Hello and welcome to a very special podcast the ride logistics announcement.
  This is Scott joined by Mike and Jason.
  Hi.
  Here's what's happening.
  If you didn't get the memo on Twitter or elsewhere, we are moving the release dates of the next  couple episodes to Monday.
  It's Friday right now and you're not hearing a new episode, but it's for very good reasons.
  We got some big events coming up.
  On Monday, you're going to hear our Star Wars Galaxy's Edge spectacular.
  That's right.
  We're doing it.
  We will have something to say about it and you will find out everything that's going  on in the Black Spire Outpost next Monday.
  Yes.
  And then the following week we are doing a live show.
  It is our hundredth episode spectacular and it's live and there's going to be all sorts  of fun things and surprises and a very special topic that you're all going to like a lot.
  I can guarantee that.
  It's on a Friday so we have to release that a little bit later too.
  We're sorry.
  This will just be two weeks.
  We'll be back to Friday.
  Don't worry about it.
  We'll be a little bit off.
  Back to Friday ASAP, but there's so much exciting stuff going on.
  Our hundredth episode.
  Those of you joining us live in theater, thanks so much for coming.
  You'll get to experience episode 100 with us and the rest of you will hear it at home  and it's going to be great either way.
  Just so we get a little bit of podcast ride content on this specific tiny episode.
  Jason, have you eaten any hot dogs lately?  Great question, Michael.
  No, I don't think I have.
  I think I'm just bracing myself for that Star Wars.
  They want to hear that you just ate a pile of hot dogs last night.
  I am preparing my body.
  My body is ready for the Star Wars.
  Okay, fine.
  That'll be hot dogs.
  So in the next episode, you are promised, you are guaranteed to the listener, you will  be have eaten a hot dog.
  Well, they'll just have to tune in to find out.
  I'll guarantee it.
  We don't know what's going to happen at Black Spire Outpost.
  Will it make it happen?  Can you guarantee getting one?  Natching of teeth, dogs and cats together.
  I guarantee it.
  Alright, stay tuned.
  I guess we better.
  Alright, so we'll see you the next couple of Mondays, then we're back to Friday and  many hot dogs to come.
