 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the second gate where you are about to hear the fruits of term  paper level research done in order to tell you about a robot pizza restaurant in Japan.
  I'm Scott Caron, joined by Jason.
  Share it in a mic, Carlson.
  Carlson and Carlson Hi.
  Carlson Hi.
  Carlson Hi.
  Okay, this is a big one.
  I feel a lot of pressure, much as I did with my previous Tokyo trip report episode because  I learned a lot and I want to share it all.
  I want to weed through what is important and what is unimportant, but I think all of it  is very important about this topic, the Pan Galactic Pizza Port.
  The Pan Galactic Pizza Port, as I said, is a pizza restaurant in Tomorrowland in Tokyo,  Disneyland.
  I'm beginning the reading my essay, but I also think it's much more than that.
  And that's why I was like, is this going to be like a 20 minute episode?  It's going to be a it's going to end up being a rambler because what I learned is that it  is not just a pizza, a robot pizza restaurant.
  It is the centerpiece of an entire Tomorrowland mini land called the Tomorrowland Astro Zone.
  This was I stumbled upon this while starting to look into my beloved Pan Galactic Pizza  Port that it was like they had this whole empty area for development over in Tomorrowland.
  And when Star Tours went in, they didn't want to just put in the ride and do it as it had  been done before.
  They wanted a bigger, grander presentation complete with a restaurant.
  And they did it.
  And we have some great Japanese sponsors to thank.
  Mike, did you go to this place?  We did, but I think I didn't take it in.
  I didn't absorb it.
  Like we talked on the episode, there was stuff that I did that you didn't do.
  But I do think I kind of missed it.
  I saw him, but I don't know why I didn't take a little more time with him.
  You may have been on the way somewhere or there might have been something like that.
  Going to an attraction.
  I wouldn't blame you.
  Yeah, I think that's probably what it was.
  And by him we mean Tony Solaroni, who is the head of this specific Pan Galactic Pizza Port.
  It's franchise, right?  Yes, because there are a number of them as implied by the audiovisual materials in this  restaurant.
  It is a quick service restaurant in Tokyo Disneyland that includes animatronics, a big  crazy Rube Goldberg machine, videos that are live action, animated puppets.
  It is this crazy multimedia endeavor that I was so blown away by.
  Mike, I think why I took more time with it.
  I was aware of this thing and I thought I would probably like it.
  I thought it was probably it was in my wheelhouse of like wrecks and star tours and sunny eclipse  and all that kind of thing.
  But I wasn't even like it wasn't I didn't go into the trip thinking and then my beloved  Pan Galactic Pizza Port.
  I didn't really know.
  But with the first night, as I think I said in the other episode, it was raining so badly,  the worst weather the entire trip and so bad.
  There's like, let's just get let's just do everything indoors, which was a fun run because  we got to do the weird tiki room that Stitch interrupts, which I don't think I talked about.
  Oh, yeah, we saw it.
  It's weird.
  I kind of like it.
  It's like nothing you'd really put a spotlight on.
  But I liked it more than I thought.
  And it didn't bother me like that one that Iago and Desu interrupt.
  Under new management.
  Yeah, I thought it made a lot more sense because he has he likes Hawaiian stuff and Elvis.
  It thematically does make more sense.
  I could have I forget there was I had one.
  I'm trying to remember my complaint, but that's for a different episode.
  We had like a big note for it, but I can't remember what it was.
  Of characters that have become ubiquitous, like I don't mind Stitch.
  No, I find his story, his backstory very moving and endearing.
  Oh, did you do the Stitch like turtle talk?  I did not know.
  We did that.
  And it's all in Japanese, so we didn't understand any of it, but it's adorable.
  Oh, really?  Yeah.
  I was wondering if I should have done it.
  I didn't do it.
  It's pretty cute.
  Yeah.
  In the former space of micro adventure, the right there, what they retitled, honey, I  took the audience.
  There's also throughout the parks, you see girl Stitch.
  I don't know what girl Stitch is.
  I don't see in a movie video.
  She's from a video sequel or the TV show.
  Yeah.
  Video game.
  I don't know, but she's in the parks.
  I liked girl Stitch.
  It's probably disrespectful of me to only say girl Stitch.
  But I mean, keep going.
  I'll look up the name of girls.
  Tony Solaroni in the Pangolac to pizza part also has a wife who has no name beyond Tony's  wife.
  He just misses Solaroni.
  Oh, her name is Angel, AKA experiment 624.
  What's she from?  What is her origin?  Oh, let's see.
  Let's see.
  What's her origin or what movie or what thing is she from?  Got to load up Disney Wiki.
  Lilo and Stitch 7.
3.
  The Oahu adventure.
  Written by Michael Isner.
  Don't wait for me.
  I'll keep reading.
  OK.
  I had to say it at the end during the sign off.
  Oh, she shows up in the series.
  Sorry.
  Yeah, I think she shows up on the TV show.
  Well, isn't it weird that they would heavily feature Angel from the Lilo and Stitch cartoon?  But then there's like Max's all over the place.
  Yes, that's true.
  Especially in Tokyo and now a little bit more out here too.
  And he's most, I mean, he was created on Goof Troop.
  There's also Leroy.
  Oh, I don't know about Leroy.
  He's a red Stitch.
  Oh, is he bad?  Well, Stitches are a little bad, but they like venoms.
  They're like another illegal experiment like Angel and Stitch.
  He's a henchman.
  Ham Hamster Veal's new henchman and his own version of Stitch.
  Hamster Veal is a rabbit hamster creature.
  This is like we might have to look into Stitch, the TV show.
  This is kind of coming back to me.
  I think I'd catch it every now and then.
  Perhaps I wouldn't.
  I would like to do that.
  I wouldn't put it ahead in the order of the Mighty Ducks cartoon.
  Yeah, that's that's a whole that that pre predates Prestige TV.
  Every week, the Patreon listeners go, will this week be the Mighty Ducks  or the Annette Funicello recording career?  And it's not and they go, not this week or the Schomburg Mall or the mall.
  Yeah, there's plenty of reasons to be to be subscribing.
  You're on the on the edge of your seat every single week.
  It's like when people are sitting around the 60s going like,  when is Revolver going to come out?  We're waiting for Revolver.
  They're getting even more experimental.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, so I was in this run of a lot of indoor stuff  and we just we just needed to sit and chill for a little while.
  And I said, oh, you know what?  This is maybe my opportunity to sit and watch the Panglectek Pizza  Port for a little bit.
  I knew it was funny.
 I knew it was robots.
  But I did not intend to sit and watch the entire loop,  which I did happily and was smiling, grinning like an idiot.
  By the end of it, it is it is so much fun.
  But also, I think is, you know, what something I was really looking forward  to before this trip was that it seemed to me like their Tomorrowland was special.
  It seems like it's a fun mix of like,  you know, the early 80s sleekness and they still have the, you know,  the the big blue spires outside and there's no weird rocks  and Astro Orbiter in a place where it's not supposed to be.
  It's sleek and clean, like past Tomorrowlands.
  It's pure still.
  Yes.
 It's got a pure vision.
  It hasn't been like there's not like a couple different overlays they tried  and then failed and still remnants of them.
  Not a mishmash yet.
  This point, I think there was a unified Disneyland Tomorrowland at some point.
  But now, yeah, now it's a clash of like five of them.
  And they're trying to make them all work together.
  And I think they just need to wipe the slate clean for all that from scratch.
  They never had to do it in Tokyo.
  And if as if it couldn't get any better than that, then they add in 89.
  They added the Tomorrowland Estrosone, which the specific thing  that I'm after future by way of 80s, very back to the future to  all the signage is very Pepsi perfect.
  This entire show reminds me a lot of that.
  My my favorite scene in any film when Flea calls  and needles calls me to flea as needles calls about some deal  in the terms or we don't even really know what they're talking about.
  He's talking about after that, after a scene with Marty Junior about 20 minutes  prior, we're like, so you know, you're out on the deal.
  And I don't you don't know what that deal is.
  You don't know what the future Marty's deal is.
  I mean, it's cool.
 They don't like we don't need to explain it all in like Star  Wars prequel level detail.
  We just need to know, are you in or are you out?  And then and then Fujitsu San calls a lot of deals going on, you know, in the 80s.
  Yeah.
 This was the late the future of the 80s.
  The future.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  But I mean, movies in the in the eight in the time the movie was made.
  Well, yeah, and it was yeah, it was made in an era with a lot of it.
  It's like post Wall Street.
  It's a lot of video phones.
 Yeah.
  A lot of people weren't in ties, so they have to add a second tie.
  Double tie.
 Double ties.
  So much double ties.
 So I'm a patient.
  But anyway, this  what I am craving always is this this blocky neon future  that is crawling with holograms and robots and bad puns.
  And I got it in spades in the Tomorrowland Astrozone.
  So so that's why I can't just talk about paying electric beats for it.
  I need to explain the Tomorrowland Astrozone a little bit and walk you through it.
  OK, so as I said, great, clean Tomorrowland, Space Mountain at the end.
  Like it's it's you know, if you're in the hub, it is dead set.
  You're looking at the castle.
  You turn to your right.
  Space Mountain right at the end of the right at the end of the line.
  It's got the ramp like it used to have in Disneyland, which is great.
  Kind of like a cool space mountain in general.
  Yeah, it's Disneyland's track layout are very similar.
  I think it's the yeah.
  Well, more like a queue.
  Yeah, but then a little like UFO fide.
  Yes.
 And the logo looks like I think I said on the episode, the the one  the spawn logo, the 90s spawn logo.
  Absolutely.
 It's weird.
  I don't know why, but it's from that era, I guess.
  It remind it felt to me like a 90s NBA expansion team logo.
  Oh, yeah.
 Hoover Grizzlies.
  The Raptors, one of the Raptors logos, maybe when they're trying to get  more aggressive, you've got kind of that classy stately  bulls or Lakers and then you then you want a logo  that's like reaching out and ripping your face skin off.
  Oh, yeah, that's a small and all right.
  Yeah, I know a spawn when I see one, you got a spawn on your hands, my friend.
  So sorry.
 So that's great.
  Then you turn to the right, you start heading to the Astro Zone.
  I want to shout out that they have that there I don't know if you saw a show  in this area, but the place where you see shows in Tomorrowland.
  Oh, I saw a show.
 Yeah.
 It's called Showbase.
  Yeah.
 Wonderful name.
  Great Epcotty sign there.
  And the only thing that makes it better is that when the park opened,  it was called Showbase 2000.
  Oh, wow.
 And they had to get rid of the 2000 because it became.
  No, bring it back.
  Did you see a show there?  I didn't see a show there.
  That was the most boring show.
  Oh, no.
 What was it?  I don't remember.
  It's just like a mishmash of saw Disney songs and like  there were a couple of people in spacesuits, but it was not like  you dream of like a Tokyo Disney space show.
  Nowhere close.
 Oh, bummer.
  A kind of fine, but like very.
  I think what was playing there when I was there was called One Man's Dream.
  Yes, that's what it was.
  We saw One Man's Dream 2.
 One Man's Dream 2.
  Two.
 Yes.
 One Man's Dream 2.
  Two.
 I am familiar with One Man's Dream.
  Of course, we all are.
  It's like unclear sort of like that.
  It's about Walt.
 One Man's Dream has to be Walt.
  You'd have to.
 But One Man's Dream 2 is where Walt goes to the future  and sees his son is a mess.
  And there's deals left and right.
  Yeah, I hope your kid Walt.
  A doc figure takes Walt around.
  Wow.
 Walt, it's me.
  I'll buy works.
  He punches him.
  After you fired me, I started inventing things, including a time machine.
  I'm glad you let me off the chain.
  I'm trying to find pictures of this show, but to keep talking.
  Yeah, I have somewhere.
  I just love the architecture of showbiz.
  It's still showbiz 2000 in my heart.
  But you keep walking and you get to star tours.
  You all know big star tours of Vicionado.
  And I think this is I think it's the best star tours building  just aesthetically from the outside.
  It's very best future to future.
  It we're like spiral staircases and a sky bridge extending off of it.
  It's a much more elaborate building.
  Really cool.
  Gives them the room to do a first room that is only there.
  This big, tall hangar.
 Fantastic.
  Yes.
 How cool is that?  There's a star speeder way elevated up on the second floor.
  And then like kind of these cool sort of 60s travel log kind of animations  telling you about the different planets, about the Gungan planet,  and then like a scary one for joining the empire.
  And then the room that, you know, with C3PO and R2D2.
  And then you round the corner.
  And as you guys know, very excited about Rex hitchhiking.
  He is one of three hitchhiking droids arranged like the hitchhiking ghosts.
  I ran to the corner.
  I gasped.
 This was a big deal.
  And I've kept thinking about it since, obviously, because it was so nice to see him.
  But what I realized is, I think part of what moved me  so about this scene is not just the reference to the dimension,  but the fact that Rex has friends.
  It's nice to know that my favorite character in fiction has some buddies.
  Am I jealous that I am not among them? Sure.
  But, you know, you're not a droid.
  No, no, there's there would always be that barrier.
  It's like kids need friends their own age.
  Right.
 You need friends who are droids.
  I started thinking, who are these guys?  They they have to have a name.
  They have to have a backstory at Star Wars.
  So there must be something going on.
  So I looked up their names.
 I know their names now.
  Their names are F24 and F25.
  F25 is also known as the space cap droid because he has a red cap and a bow tie.
  He's a very fancy droid.
  What are you pulling up? The picture of him.
  Oh, OK.
 I took.
 Yeah, there you go.
  He's dapper.
  Uh, nice.
 He's a sharp looker.
  Rex could learn something from learn something from his confidence.
  It suggests the like formal dress of the ghosts on Haunted Mansion.
  Yes, true.
  However, he had those things before.
  Now, let me explain.
  I thought, oh, really? Oh, I didn't know this.
  Yes.
 And this was all of the new stuff that I found on the way  to the Pink Collective.
 Wow.
  So who are these droids?  They're repurposed droids like Rex using stuff from the old ride.
  Were there previous droids that have been cut from the Adventures  Continue version? Star Tours Tokyo 1989 was crawling with droids.
  I have watched old videos.
  There were so many around every corner.
  That hangar room had a ton of them.
  There's a big set of giant fans.
  And these guys who are now Rex's friends were all like bitterly  sitting by fans and checking them to make sure there's no like cracks or whatever.
  What the hell? Yeah.
  Tons of droids.
 I don't know what made them take all these out.
  Why would you have a shitload of droids and then remove them?  Doesn't make sense to me.
  There are so many droids, in fact, that a guide was released.
  The guide is cut.
 You could look this up.
  You can find a PDF online.
  It is called the complete guide to Star Tours and maybe add Tokyo to that search.
  But let me show you guys from afar on my iPad.
  Here is a giant catalog of who every single droid was in Star Tours 1989.
  F 22 through F 25, the space cap droid easily spotted by his red cap and bow tie.
  S4, Max P6.
  There are bird droids like listen to this description.
  Diligently looking after their eggs, but will they really hatch?  What are you talking about?  There's bird droids who make edge.
  They reproduce.
 What?  How are there bird?  These droids reproduce their eggs.
  The eggs also metal and then  robots inside.
 Don't understand.
  Very bizarre.
  You know, I need a diagram to show how robot reproduction works,  but it exists in this world.
  There are also mouse droids,  furtive creatures living in droid gnostics.
  I know what mouse droids are.
  Those existed elsewhere in Star Wars.
  Oh, OK.
 Oh, really?  That's the thing in Star Wars.
 Yeah.
 Oh, OK.
  Where do they show up?  Trying to think.
 Kind of zip around, right? On the floor.
  Yeah.
 Isn't that what they are? Let me look up.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like what I do if I was a mouse droid.
  Yeah.
 Like these, right?  Oh, no, actually.
  Oh, no.
 Different.
  What I am looking at is more like it kind of looks like a snail.
  It's pretty small over here, but it's got two little weird eyes extending.
  Oh, wow.
  So because this is a called a mouse droid and it's like that little thing  that zips around in the first Star Wars, like by the stormtroopers feet.
  Oh, gotcha.
  Isn't one of those scurry by like in heaven?  We see isn't there somewhere in a Star Wars video or a tease of Rise  of the Resistance? I believe so.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Because there's some troopers walking through that corridor, I think,  and they may have one zip at their feet.
  Yeah, they zip at a lot of people's feet.
  They zip around.
  They add kinetic energy to the world.
  Yes.
  The films, these Mastroids, their favorite food, nuts, bolts  and other parts all thickly coated with machine oil.
  OK, which, you know, a good snack deserves a good dipping sauce,  good, good salsa or something.
  Jason can get behind that.
  Yes.
 Love a sauce.
  It would be fun if they sold snacks that were like nuts and bolts  and it comes in a sauce that is oil.
  I guess that's not super appealing.
  A gray to black snack.
  But does this phrase live your Star Wars story?  And if your Star Wars story is being a Mastroid and that's what the hotel  in Florida will allow you to do, eat nuts and bolts.
  Are there other rooms that you can live in that are sort of like  utility rooms down in the basement?  Like, essentially, do they offer cages where a robot would sleep?  Yeah, I'm sure they do.
  Those are still very expensive, though.
  People are going to make a lot of night.
  Yeah.
 People are going to make love in that hotel.
  I hope I would hope children will be conceived.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, people will arrange it such that to make sure their children are conceived.
  They will like take all of the hormones at that time to make it happen.
  So their child will be for sensitive.
  They want to make sure you can control gender,  but maybe you can control medical or anything.
  I am.
 I hate to derail.
  I know I'm in the middle of I found the pictures from that theater from  from showbiz showbiz, not 2000.
  And this is why we were so confused.
  It's one man's dream, too.
  So it's got to be about wall, right?  No, these are the Bob Iger, Bugsland characters or Bugs Life characters.
  But what one man had that dream.
  Well, there was a character named Hopper,  but his dreams were more what people would call nightmares.
  Here's just Peter Pan and the crocodile.
  Nothing.
 I don't think there's almost OK.
  Then you get to like then you get to Hollywood, like halfway through.
  OK, so they showed us some movies.
  Then it's like show business and goofy is the director and he screws up.
  And that's like it.
  So it's all more things.
  So is it goofy? He's not a man.
 He's a dog.
 He's a dog.
  It's very unclear.
 I think we were just very confused.
  And then the next picture, that star speeder in the hangar.
  Look at that on Star Tours getting under it.
  You can see under the hatch.
  There's two star speeders in this line.
  Yeah, two Rex's in this line.
  It's double the pleasure, double the fun.
  These are the Jason.
 These are the pictures sort of.
  Wow, I love that.
 Really neat.
  But here's OK.
  Here's where it starts to get disappointing for me, because I do think  they undid some of the cool with adventures continue.
  They took all these droids out in the old version.
  You would wrap back around to that hangar room.
  You would exit that way.
  You'd be on the same level as the star speeder right next to it.
  And there'd be new droids available to you to see who you couldn't see  from the ground floor.
  The place is crawling with droids.
  And I was curious why.
  And here is why, because the sponsor of Star Tours  when it opened was a company called the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company.
  And they were doing a lot of real robotics work.
  And they wanted to show it off.
  So half of the droids are cartoon fun Disney droids.
  The other half are real mechanical arms that work in their factories  that they're showing off.
  It's like it is a genuine robotics exhibit, or it was.
  I'd never heard of Matsushita,  but that is because they did a brand name rearranging  and they ended up taking one of their smaller brand names  and making that the name of the whole company.
  Panasonic.
  This is the company that turned into Panasonic.
  My goodness.
 Yes.
  Thus, there was a giant Panasonic satellite and I think still is  sort of up at the top of Tomorrowland Astrozone.
  Wow.
 So so basically they took all this stuff out  because they were no longer a sponsor.
  Yeah.
 And maybe the line they didn't need to have the line be that big.
  And that obviously costs money to upkeep all of those robots.
  Well, it also you know, the trip report, the TDR Explorer that you sent me  seem to imply that Star Tours not super popular there.
  I guess I saw it on a Saturday and had a big line.
  But the night that I got there, there was no wait.
  Yeah.
 Six star speeders that you can get on as opposed to four.
  So the lines move probably a lot quicker.
  It's such an eat so much a better loading.
 Yeah.
 Area.
  Yeah.
 They're on both sides.
  Both sides.
 That room, that loading room also very cool.
  Fantastic.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Like the extra rooms that they added.
  They took advantage of the extra that they were building a space from scratch  instead of jamming it jamming it into the adventures through inner space area.
  It's a fantastic terminal in general.
  Disneyland Q is such a pain in the ass  because oftentimes it'll be like, yeah, you're in row four,  but you cannot stand in row four.
 You have to like.
  You're right.
 That does anyway.
  I am into like row six.
  Yeah.
 And like you're on the and then you get confused because people come in  and they think you're in row five or six.
  But you're not.
 You're in four.
  And there's just not enough space.
  And then you're all stressed out instead of letting those beautiful chimes  wash over you.
 Yeah.
 Soothe you.
  No, it's so much of I think they it's still very cool,  but they dismantled some of what made Starters 89 really cool,  which I have a couple more things.
  Yes, that boarding room.
 Very, very neat.
  Right.
 Here's where here's where you're going to freak out.
  So you finish the ride, you're getting off the ride  and you start going back into the hangar.
  And they much like today, there is the Patrick Warburton character,  you know, Scanning Yin.
  There was a lot more of that stuff on the way out.
  Officer Zizek's who we'll talk about in a minute.
 Rest in peace.
  Yes.
 Which that I don't know why they I'll get to it.
  First things first.
  So there's all this airport stuff that they used to have.
  The the real robotic arms made by this company are deployed  in the quarantine department.
  They are checking luggage for insects and such for intergalactic insects.
  And there's like multiple are two's.
  There's so much going like I found a YouTube user  who posted snippets of Starters videos.
  He's got like 50 of them.
  And they were all in radically different rooms.
  I don't even know how they all fit together  as we're heading for Rise of the Resistance and all this stuff.
  I'm like, they kind of did it already.
  There was a Star Wars experience with many weird corridors  and nooks that you could explore forever.
 Right.
  And a hundred different animatronics.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  They did.
 It existed before.
 Wow.
  To give Tokyo credit.
  And here's my favorite one.
  And here's why I needed a lot of time to this to start towards  you end up walking up to a thing called Tour Scan.
  What the hell does that mean?  Tour Scan, I guess, is a kind of a travel agency booth  that's telling you about other places that you might want to visit  despite your trip to end or going so badly.
  You're told about like planets that only exist within this thing,  but that are acknowledged on wookie pedia, the official start.
  So they are canon.
  There's a planet called Barnet, which is a desert planet  that advertises a zero gravity golf course, whatever that means.
  I hope something has gravity, because if I hope it's the ball  that goes wherever you want it to go and not you, you don't like tumble around  because you'd have a lot of trouble.
  Hmm.
 Hey, anything that'll help my short game, right, folks?  Harrison Ford delivery.
  Anything that will help my short.
  I was a Blade Runner two.
  If Harrison Ford somehow was angrily listening to every episode of podcast  the ride, that would have been the first thing that made him laugh.
  Ah, ah, ah, ah.
  I'll get more biplane material in there, Mr.
 Ford.
  Finally something.
  I start looking up tire jokes.
  We can tell.
 He loves wine.
  Haven't you seen all the pictures of him and Calista  showing up at Halloween parties with big with bottles of wine  and their fun costumes? And he loves edibles.
  Yeah, yeah, we have a lot in common.
  He would love us.
  I think we'd pretty much be best friends right off the bat with Harrison Ford.
  So much stuff in common.
  We have an extra end game ticket.
  Oh, no, Harrison, it's so far in the future.
  We had an extra end game ticket and I got a vape pen on me.
  So we were seeing it in Sun Valley or wherever he lives.
  Yeah, I'd rather kill myself.
  Hang out with losers in that shitty movie.
  OK, but here's the thing.
  Well, wait, first of all, all of the footage of these planets  is all recycled footage from Horizons, like when they show you a desert planet.
  And so it's Star Wars canon, even though it's recycled Horizons footage.
  But up in another window is a droid on video  who's a slick pitch man droid who is telling you  about all of these places that you can visit.
  And if you have a slick pitch man droid, you know what?  You got to call him.
 And this is actually what he is called.
  Dan Android.
  Wait, what? Like Dan Aykroyd.
  There is a droid like like a reference to Dan Aykroyd,  like the Basomatic character.
  Yeah, essentially, yes.
  He doesn't really sound much like him, but yeah, he is a booklet.
  Dan Android PR droid for Star Tours,  seen on tour scan, maybe distantly related to movie star Dan Aykroyd.
  I think you're going to say like PT, Barn, Droid or something like.
  I like how now it's getting close to like Flintstones territory  where you just had rock or something to.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Name.
 Yeah.
  John Belouchebot.
  The Blues bot.
  So so tragic about what happened to Belouchebot at the Chateau Marmont  in 2000.
  At the Chateau Digimont.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, you got a robot.
  So as the show at the Chateau 101, one, one, one.
  There we go.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 OK, great.
  Does deserve and there's video of the robot talking.
  Is it speaking Japanese?  It's Japanese.
 So it's not super.
  But is he talking like this?  Like is it there's a he is he is not.
  And if you look at him, he kind of looks like the doodle of Mr.
  Sparkle.
 He's kind of just like a light bulb head with teeth.
  Yeah.
 So I don't know why he's related to Dan Aykroyd,  but I like that they in this official document, they list that.
  So that's own.
  I like the idea, too, because we all have all have a chance to make a Star Wars  movie probably by the end of our lifetime.
  So maybe.
 But I'm getting anxious.
  I know I'll get there by the time I'm 52, but I want to do it now.
  But but you can use Dan Android is one of my point.
  Yes.
 Cannon.
 I'm saying this is cannon.
  Yes.
 And as far as I know, not excised.
  I think all of this stuff is safe because they forgot about it.
  Yeah.
 So it was not part of that official excise from Cannon list.
  It was like hiding when when  when all the executions took place.
  And then now that the dust is clear, Dan Android can run free.
  So I won't be well.
  Let's all bring you guys in on it.
  I need you with the for the Chicago sensibility.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
  I might got his harmonica already in his little harmonica.
  Yeah.
 Oh, I love the Blues Brothers as a little boy.
  Yeah.
 I wanted to be a little blues boy.
  Could you give me a ride out of here afterwards in your police car  with a giant megaphone? Yeah, sure.
 Of course.
  Is there any way you could talk jazz festival tonight about how, you know,  you're in comedy, but your real influences were like muddy waters and  mm hmm.
 How will how will.
  I mean, this is a different thing, but I always like to say I was  kind of trying to be like the clash, but for comedy.
  Sure.
 I never know what it means when you see that.
  Someone write a paper and tell me what you're talking about.
  Or is it just a cool thing to say? I think it's just a cool thing.
  I think I correct it.
 Maybe it's a cool thing to say.
  It's a cool thing to say.
  And they're the ones who've held up the best.
  Like you can get Sex Pistols logos on a crevice and now  well, once you post the Sex Pistols ride at Hard Rock Park, they just.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  The God saved the Queen shooting tragic ending.
 Yeah.
  They've they got it wrong.
 They took it literally.
  They actually had you go save the Queen, which is kind of like they  they kind of missed the circuit.
 Yeah.
  I was going to say, is it a shooting up adventure?  It's somebody overdose.
  Oh, that's a fun idea for a shooting, right?  Yes.
 Where you have a you're looking at a big arm and you have to find  the veins that you can get a needle into.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's maybe an aspect of the new Spider-Man ride,  because you got to inject yourself with that spider, like radioactive spider goo.
  So maybe that'll be part of it.
  At the beginning of the ride, you got like a souvenir, like a like  the tight bandaid or the tight like rubber band.
  Yeah.
 Like zip your arm off with for sure.
  We'll talk to Binkowski to about it.
  I think that, well, the secret clearly is to bring back Hard Rock Park, but way darker.
  Yeah.
 That's what it's got to be.
  It's got to be warts and all.
 Mm hmm.
  OK, so we have gotten we've gotten out.
  We've gotten away from quarantine.
  We've met Dan Android and you get onto the sky bridge, which is beautiful.
  Yeah.
 Sky bridges.
 That's that's a great addition.
  I'm going to say that I I'm always seeking out that kind of 80s future architecture.
  There's great sky bridges in Toronto and Atlanta,  but this is one of my favorite sky bridges.
  It doesn't have to be this one.
  But when I die, scatter my ashes in a sky bridge, making that declaration.
  OK, if you can pass it on, anyone listening, just remember that I said this.
  They the ashes will probably be vacuumed up instantly, but at least all  I'll know they were there for a second.
  So you get to the end of the sky bridge or at least you used to.
  And you meet Officer Zizek's.
  Oh, we talked about Officer Zizek's before,  because Officer Zizek's is the cousin of  Sonny Eclipse, our beloved lounge singer robot from Tomorrowland Disney World.
  I say cousin.
  What I mean is they reuse the same mold, but that's great.
  It's a great mold.
  And he is a lot of fun.
  He's also not very well documented, unfortunately.
  Not a lot.
 Yeah.
 No, no.
  It's a bummer.
  I think people are not agreed on how many Z's or Y's or X's is in Officer Zizek's.
  So that hurts.
  I was Googling him and I think it's like four Z's.
  Ziz, it's Y and then like four X's.
  I don't know.
 I have it.
 I have it as less.
  There's no agreed upon.
  How are we ever to find videos unless?  Well, I think there's this we should get there's a guy, Steve Kirk.
  Did that name pop up? Yep.
  OK, are you getting to him?  Yes, which I can.
  Well, I can.
  I could certainly talk about him right now because he leads directly into.
  OK.
  Pete's board.
  Yeah, Steve Kirk, a designer,  that's Zizek's he's got a he's got a Star Tours mug.
  And I only have one example of the kind of dialogue that he says  because he's the customs guy.
  He says, do you have any fresh fruit to claim?  Too bad, I'm getting hungry.
  So that's the very wholesome.
  Yeah, it's for everybody.
  I know I like it.
  So here's why any of this came to pass.
  This guy, Steve Kirk,  just had two little like clay sculpture, maquettes, whatever you want to call it,  of aliens that he just did is kind of a blue sky thing  for no particular reason.
  And, you know, I don't know, maybe they could find a place in the parks somewhere.
  There is another imagineer named Kevin Rafferty,  who saw the two characters, really sparked to them and said, these are great.
  We have to find a place for these.
  You know, what I know is that Star Tours is going into Tokyo  and they want to put in some kind of new restaurant experience  and they maybe want it to be like bigger and better somehow.
  Maybe we can like work up some ideas around these characters.
  So that is where Pangolite to Beats of Port came to pass, because the first  alien that he did was Officer Zizek and the other was Tony Solaroni,  who they spun out this entire story of, well, what is the story?  He is a not a pizza maker so much.
  He might even just be the man sort of responsible for the upkeep  of the PZ 5000 pizza machine,  which is a big crazy Rube Goldberg contraption that makes pizzas  that are then sent down to a staff of human  workers who are on their only job is to put pizzas in the oven.
  So they don't make the piece.
  Somehow we need six people on staff just for oven in and out.
  And he, Tony Solaroni, also deals with a lot of stress  from the machine breaking down, from the many, many orders  that he gets from all over outer space and from his boss and wife  calling him and nagging him and giving him a more difficult day.
  I'm really selling it.
  I think this is clearly the most exciting tale in all of theme park.
  But the whole thing was so like work.
  We're giving the story to this restaurant, which is cool to me.
  But they thought there needs to be a character who's like a transition point  between the realistic aliens of the Star Wars world  and the cartoony aliens of the Tony Solaroni world.
  Officer Zizek is that transition point.
  Later, he is reused as Sunny Eclipse.
  Steve Kirk, I want to give a big shout out to just not only for those things,  but do wait, wait, wait.
 Where are you going with Disney?  He became the designer of Disney from these humble beginnings from designing.
  He's an imaginary all star if just for having designed Zizek's  therefore, Sunny Eclipse and Tony Solaroni went on to help write Cranium Command,  one of the primary writers of Cranium Command, helped design Dream Finder  Figment and the Abominable Snowman.
  And then ultimately Disney Sea.
  Kevin Rafferty, who said these are great.
  We got to figure out something around these guys.
  Went on to help write Tough to be a Bug, Midway Mania.
  He came up with the story and name of the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror.
  He named it and ultimately became the creative director of Radiator Springs.
  Racers.
 These are imaginary all stars.
  Two of the best.
 I was not aware of either of these names.
  So God bless Pangle X, a pizza port for making me aware.
  So anyway, did you see you didn't watch any of that?  You were just in there for a second.
  Yeah, we live know I've watched it now since on YouTube, but I have not.
  I did not really spend time.
  It should be said, unlike Sunny Eclipse, Tony Solaroni is like above you.
  Like you're above the ordering, but he's not on a stage  where the seating is arranged purposely for you to look at him.
  Yeah, it's a really unusual setup where on the ground floor  is a quick service pizza restaurant that by from what I could tell is not good.
  I don't think it is good pizza.
  Yeah, I did not get the pizza there.
  None of this is about if you were hoping for any info about this pizza restaurant.
  I have none for you, though.
  It is one of the places where you can get the green alien mochi, which are pretty cool.
  Yeah.
  But just regular restaurant down on the bottom.
  And then the second floor is taken over by this massive Rube Goldberg machine.
  And you have to go up to the second floor to watch this bizarre show.
  It's one of the strangest arrangements where you're like watching it  from like a bridge, essentially.
  There's like not like there's not really good eye lines.
  It's really difficult to get a good seat to watch Tony Solaroni.
  I think I was confused by it.
  I think we were walking like walking through and like, oh, that's cool or whatever.
  And I didn't realize it was part of the restaurant or something.
  I think that's we were on the way to something else.
  Points because it's very confused, very confused and hard to see.
  It got a dog at the menu.
  I was like, OK, pizza slices, pretty standard calzones.
  The flavors of calzone were chicken and tomato.
  Not an orable calzone flavor and seafood cream.
  Again, not a seafood cream like that, like squid ink.
  What are we talking?  I think like  like a cream sauce or like a chowdery kind of cream like in a.
  So it's like a calzone.
  Yes.
 So it's kind of like a soup calzone.
  And yeah.
  And then I think the pizzas were just like sausage and mushroom.
  One thing about the Panglectic pizza port, there are no vegetarian options,  not even salad cups, like not no, not a salad.
  Nothing.
 I mean, how do you make a pizza vegetarian?  It's kind of hard to even figure out how to possibly remove me from the equation.
  Nowhere to even begin.
  There's no way it can't be done anyway.
  I'm not here to talk about the food.
 I'm here to talk about the robots.
  I mean, what's great?  I mean, like I said, that clunky version of what the story is.
  But really, what's great about this is that this is a Disney restaurant  in which a bunch of animatronics and puppets and weirdos on camera  make your food, which seems to me like  the premise that pizza riso is supposed to have.
  Yes.
 And what it I mean, this premise was pitched back in the 90s  that like there's animatronic rats who you see essentially making your pizza  or perhaps even delivering you your pizza.
  Here, this dream is realized via the PZ 5000,  which is a wonderful, very detailed Rube Goldberg machine where there's like,  you know, gloves pulling on stuff and pizza doughs flipping around  and like big foamy pieces of cheese and ingredients  that remind me so much of like a double dare obstacle course.
  Oh, yeah, that's true.
  Weird foam food is such a 90s throwback.
  It's like the final course on double there with multiple like types of things.
  And yeah, yeah, aesthetically, it reminded me a lot.
  And it's sort of like some 50s kookiness to it, too.
  It reminded me a lot of any of those weird levels with like the  the side of the guy's head where you go into the ear, that kind of thing.
  So that's what I think like what gives me all the feels, as the kids would say  about this thing.
 You're getting that you're getting those vibes.
  There's like, you know, it's it feels like this Muppet restaurant that never was.
  I get the double dare vibes.
  It's obviously very Chuck E.
  Cheese because it's a lot of pre-recorded material and songs about pizza.
  I'll take that anywhere I can get it.
  It's very sunny eclipse.
  It's animatronics that are similar to something.
  It's very cranium command.
  It is a little cute guy on like an elevated chair that moves around,  who is under a lot of stress and who is trying his best  and who is dealing with a lot of animated characters and live action characters  who are not like the same type of species as him.
 Yeah.
  And also all the animation is fantastic.
  It's very like on this ton of custom animation made only for this pizza  restaurant, and it's very on Disney.
  It's like kind of kooky and more like Nicktoon or  Claskey Chupo or that kind of thing.
  It is like, first of all, yeah, like you imagine, like just even  Sunny Eclipse with just this level of stuff.
  Sunny Eclipse is bare bones.
  Yeah, compared to this, you don't even see his backup singers.
  You don't see his backup singers.
  They had to use like they made up like the space angels to just get out of the fact  that they're like, we don't have money for more.
  You're not going to be able to build three backup singers or even just a video.
  Yeah.
 Two video screens with space angels.
  Because as we all know about Chuck E.
  Cheese, one of the great thrills is watching Chuck E.
  Cheese robots in front of you.
  And then there is a screen that is showing a totally different  version and media of Chuck E.
  Cheese, perhaps multiples.
  There's a robot.
  There's a man in this in a suit walking around in the restaurant,  a man in a suit of a different style in the video, a puppet in the video.
  It is such a mess.
  But I love the man.
 Yeah, which I feel like kids are like, yes, give it to me.
  Bum barred me with Chuck E.
  Cheese.
 And then the adults who make it like at least Disney imagineers are like,  well, Mickey couldn't be on this side of the park and that side of the park  simultaneously in reality.
  And it's like, I don't know.
  Kids don't care.
  Just if you bombard them enough, they don't think that hard about it.
  Absolutely.
 That's how I feel about the removal of Officer Zizek's.
  This is a point that I missed.
  He, I guess, was removed because he's too goofy or something  to be part of the new serious star tours.
  Adventures continue.
 What the fuck? Why?  He's a big, weird rotund.
  He's more Star Wars than anything.
  He's like a crazy Cantina band.
  Well, that's on brand for the current Star Wars.
  Lucas felt this way.
 No, nothing funny.
  Go get those two funny guys out there.
  Send them off to do their little Spider-Man movie and win an Oscar or something.
  Cast the funny guys away.
  I bring an opi.
  I yeah, it's well, that's what's frustrating about all that.
  Why take these things away?  And I think only Pangalaxi pizza port was saved because it's not technically  it's part of Star Tours far away.
 Yeah.
  Really? That's the issue.
  Thank God.
 Plus, he's got a franchise agreement for like probably 50 years  or some insane there.
  There's deep sea.
  I'm looking I'm looking at the video currently.
  Uh huh.
 And let me say this, by the way,  you'll hear me ranting and raving about this.
  Then you'll watch the video and you'll.
  And you'll be like, I have to know what Scott was talking about and so excited  about.
 You'll watch it and not get it like Disney see itself.
  You have to be there.
  You won't understand until you are experiencing the grandeur  or you'll go and you'll and you'll go, what the fuck was it?  Scott out of his mind.
  But maybe I am.
  But in the best way, what were you or you?  I was going to say there's the there's like the stretching of the dough.
  Uh huh.
 And there's the I don't know what you would even call it.
  What's like a soft?  It's the connector.
 It's a tube, essentially.
  It's not a pipe, but like a like that soft  like a vacuum tube, essentially.
 Sure, sure.
 Yes.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 A pneumatic tube.
  No, no.
 Pneumatic tubes is solid.
  Yeah.
 Doesn't have vacuum abilities.
  It wiggling is so satisfying.
  Yeah.
 It like wiggles around like there's dough going down from one.
  Oh, it's like an HVAC hose.
  Oh, absolutely.
 It's like a flexible.
  Yeah.
 All these doodads, all these gizmos.
  It's such a cool machine to look at.
  You can't believe it got built.
  It looks like a crazy drawing come to life.
  It's like the gag factory in Toontown.
  But, you know, only for people that are better mediocre pizza restaurant.
  Now, what you're talking about is the machine, the PZ 5000.
  And one of the stretches of the show,  Tony Solaroni very helpfully breaks down the individual parts of the PZ 5000.
  It helps to understand the process.
  Well, first, the flour is mixed at the glib globulator naturally.
  Next, the dough is tossed into shape at the flip flop you later.
  Don't confuse those two.
  It's similar names, but you got to get the order right.
  Next, it moves along to the tomato salsa Nova,  which is a pun on the music type.
  We've broken rank of how we're naming these things.
  And then the cheese is applied under the cheese ematic,  which is not clever anymore.
  I would challenge them to keep going and stay as good with those names  as global ovulator and flip floppilators.
  But what's done is done.
  So that's one of the segments.
  You also get to see Tony dispatching deliveries  to customers all around the galaxy.
  You meet one of his somebody he calls his favorite customer.
  His name is Thermo.
  He is a monster who calls who's a lot like the 70s,  like the SNL Muppets.
  He reminds me of those guys a lot.
  The SNL Muppets.
 Yeah.
  They were like unnamed or they were named.
  No, they had names.
 They were like, remember them.
  Yeah, they were like like Craig and Stompfoot.
  I don't know what they were.
  But anyway, he orders 200 pizzas, but he is upset  because he can't get live toppings.
  That's fun.
  When you first actually, the first thing technically in the loop  is him introducing himself.
  And it's one of those like,  Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
  My name is Tony Solaroni, which is that's how he sings.
  But when he speaks, he just sounds like a regular Japanese man.
  But he sings in it in English, but in an Italian accent.
  So there's a lot of good like.
  And there's pizza chefs in the background during that point.
  And yeah, there's the live action pizza chefs who work.
  But again, not chefs.
  All they do is take pizza and put them in and out of the ovens.
  So don't give them the credit of calling them chefs.
  They're reheaters.
  Yes.
 Yeah, yeah.
  They're like in the medical chair.
  They're like they they aren't even nurses.
  They're like glorified.
  I think there's a term for that.
  Like a sommelier for pizza, like pizza maker seems too simple.
  Is it like like Pete's Pete's plopulator or something?  Oh, probably.
 Yeah, that sounds right.
  Yeah.
  So all these things are great.
  It also reminds me a lot of Sesame Street in its mixed media.
  That, you know, that it's that it's puppets and animation, all this stuff  combining the and the animated segments are notable because I don't know  if you caught this, probably the audio is terrible and what you were looking at.
  But the animated segments have a very familiar voice, a very familiar voice.
  The voice of Thorol Ravenscroft, really one of the best voiceover actors  in Disney theme park history in what has to be one of his final  theme park performances, where they die.
  Nineties.
 Yeah.
  Don't remember exactly.
  But he's Tony the Tiger.
 Right.
  So you're watching animated commercials for Pangolag to Pizza Boy,  where he's saying like, we're out of this world.
  And it's so delightful to hear because sometimes he's scary,  but there's also friendly Thorol.
  2005.
 Really? Yeah.
  Till then, he made 2005.
 Was he still going?  Let me see.
 He was born in 1914,  which means he was very he was 91.
  Jesus.
 And he was active until 98.
  Wow.
 So do you want to watch?  Does it say a last credit or anything?  Look it up.
 But probably I mean, he was probably doing Tony still right.
  Oh, you'd have to think.
  Yeah.
 His last credit is the Brave Little Toaster goes to Mars.
  He did the second Brave Little Toaster, really.
  And then the Brave Little Toaster to the rescue in 97.
  Huh? Wow.
  So he was still what was he was like a vacuum cleaner or something?  He was Kirby, which I forget who that was.
  What does Kirby sound like?  Is an ably.
 Kirby.
  There was Kirby, a deep voiced, individualistic, upright Kirby vacuum cleaner.
  Vacuum cleaner.
 I got it right.
  Yeah, I know my Thorol.
  And then I was I was thinking about Thorol Ravenscroft  because it was so delightful to hear it like, oh, a new Thorol Ravenscroft  performance in the parks to me.
 Yeah.
  I was trying to remind myself what are all the things that he is.
  He's buff the buffalo in the country bears.
  He's one of the singing busts in the creepy creeps with.
  And then I realized via Wikipedia, how did I not put this together before?  You know what he is in the parks?  You know, his first performance in the parks? No.
  Open the Fantasyland Castle for the children of the world.
  That is him.
 Opening Day Disneyland Thorol Ravenscroft.
  Wow.
 Yes.
 I mean, it's also that I've been so obsessed with.
  And I like I love doing that guy's voice.
  And there he goes.
  It makes too much sense.
  Yes.
 That that we should have known that Thorol wherever you are.
  I'm sorry I did not give you the proper respect on that voice.
  Anyway, so that's all exciting.
  Let me now move to the third act of the Tony Solaroni story,  because I was like, do we leave? Maybe we get out of here.
  Wait, I think there's still something coming.
  There's something like with his boss or something or other.
  And the third at the climax of this, I can only equate to,  you know, the big stretch of the film Magnolia,  where all of the characters are having breakdowns all at once.
  It is, you know, it's it's it's so unflinching, you know,  or sort of like the end of Mother.
  It's you're watching a living nightmare occur  to a character you've become very fond of.
  So here's what happens.
  Tony Tony Solaroni's,  he's operating the PZ 5000, the PZ 5000 breaks down.
  There's a there's a stoppage somewhere.
  And at this, the worst possible moment, his boss calls.
  His boss is the mean old Mr.
  Fusano, who's chomping on a cigar.
  And his dialogue, I have to perform for you because I'll do it in English,  not Japanese.
 He speaks the Japanese, but I love it so much.
  Tony, so far you have failed at pizza franchises in ten different star systems.
  Do a good job on Earth or it's back to the Fornax Galaxy Spice Mines for you.
  This makes Tony tremble with fear.
  And why would it not?  And there is so much mythology just in that to pick apart.
  The Fornax Galaxy Spice Mines in this world, I guess.
  Like pizza spices are so rare  that like what we take for granted on Earth, that there's just rosemary  lying around, right for them in space for them to blood diamonds.
  Get a blood diamond.
  That's something so dangerous.
  Yeah, yes.
  Probably I think a number of people die, a number of creatures die every year  and Mr.
 Fusano's hands.
  The degree to I mean, as scared as Tony is, lets you know that this is the real deal.
  I'm worried he's maybe been in the spice mines before  and he escaped it to get to the coveted job of operating the PZ 5000.
  Right.
 But he's he's been bad in a few planets.
  Yes.
 Ten planets.
 Ten star systems.
  So really, that's a good point.
  I think that he's I think, oh, excuse me, Mr.
  What's his name? Fusano.
  Mr.
 Fusano.
  I think that he's actually maybe more of a pushover than he seems.
  Ten chances is so many chances to be a franchise owner.
  Is that I guess what he said?  If you failed at the franchises and does that mean he was pulled  just front and the franchises kept going or did the did the franchises  shut down altogether?  He's just like ten different businesses.
  Business output is Mr.
 Fusano like the Ray Kroc.
  Is he the founder?  And he's doing like franchise compliance like, you know, I think that's right.
  Is there a moment where Mr.
  Fusano cracks a little and they're showing him like, look,  this is how you make an instant milkshake.
  You don't need that ice cream anymore.
  That was the well, that was the moment where he realized  he didn't have to import the spice from Earth,  that he could create a spice mine and like get people get like  probably like undocumented.
  Maybe look, what if it's a whole dark thing where like that officer Zizek's is in on  where like there's there's some chicanery going on at customs.
  He's like sliding these people through and just forcing them into the  forcing them into the mines.
  That's very possible.
  I mean, I think that there needs to be maybe we have to do it  a whole investigation into Mr.
 Fusano and Mr.
 Fusano's business practices.
  I don't know.
 It could go either way.
  As you said, you let somebody fail ten times.
  Maybe he's a nice guy.
  However, he's smoking a cigar, which implies that he's not a nice guy.
  I think we should have Steve Kirk on and just ask him about this.
  I wouldn't love that.
  I think no Cars Land, no Disney Sea.
  Just asking questions about this universe of Mr.
 Fusano.
  Is he still a Disney employee?  Is he still on staff? I think so.
  OK, or like already still in the business.
  Yeah, he's been interviewed on other podcasts, but not exclusively about  maybe we even shoot past Tony Solaroni.
  Maybe it's straight to Mr.
 Swing by Glendale.
  Like, could you tell Mr.
 Kirk his five o'clock is here  to see if that works?  No, I didn't think I had a five o'clock.
  Oh, maybe I forgot.
  I'll go down and meet them.
  It is scheduled to run from five to 11 p.
m.
  These gentlemen have many hours worth.
  We brought him some sandwich  assortments, assortment of sandwiches, so he has options.
  He won't get he won't get tired out.
  We'll we'll see to his cover.
  I brought a carafe of coffee.
  Actually, let me say this before I keep going with this,  you know, this tale.
  The all the puppets in this thing were designed by a woman named Lynette Eklund.
  Let me say some of the credits of Lynette Eklund.
  She worked on Teddy Ruxpin.
  She built her work on Raptors and Lost World.
  She was a puppeteer for the part in Beetlejuice where he turns into a snake.
  Whoa.
 She is operating that machine.
  Wow.
 She built the Pee Wee's Playhouse character, Billy Bologna.
  She constructed that.
  And all things very Pee Wee to I get that influence in this thing.
  When there was a big American Tale live show and the cat tiger,  the Dom DeLuis cat.
  Do you guys know this thing from Universal Florida?  I remember seeing this is a gigantic tiger, the cat.
  She built that or was one of the builders of that.
  And the Adventurers Club puppets.
  Was built by the same woman who built all who built Mr.
  Fusano and all the puppets.
  Now that you say it, it feels in the same family.
  Yes.
 That's interesting.
  Now, well, maybe maybe it is a good time to then bring this thing up.
  Here's what happened.
  She they needed to get this done pretty quick and cheap.
  They needed somebody who was really good at at puppetry.
  You get it done.
 Build these things quickly.
  She just built she built like 12 puppets in a in her one bedroom apartment,  probably around Burbank where we're recording, including puppets  who aren't even in the thing.
  Check out this guy.
  This is on her website.
  He has a little name badge.
  His name is Captain Zonix, clearly a relative of Officer Zizik's.
  And so he's like, I don't know, is he another like customs guy?  And then on his belt, he's got a buckle that is a little pizza  with a slice taken out of it.
  My God.
 He's so cool.
  Also munch munch on a cigar.
  I don't think he's even in the thing.
  He's like Marlon Brando.
  Look, he's got the same jacket from from what?  Is on the waterfront.
  Oh, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah.
 What is it?  Hold on.
 Hold on.
 Let me find it.
  Leather jacket.
  It's like Zia, the zip.
 There it is.
 OK.
  There's the picture.
  The wild, the wild.
 Yeah.
  Oh, you're talking about that leather.
  Oh, yeah.
 And that hat.
 Uh huh.
  It's very, isn't it?  Very much so.
 That's what she's going for.
  And I bet it's as rich of a character if it had not been cut from the pizza  restaurant video would have been as compelling of a character.
  Is that on there just to show these are examples of my work or for sale, perhaps?  Oh, now we're talking.
  I actually I did see an interview with her where she said that, like  a lot of these characters, she said, succumb to old age,  meaning that they rotted away because they're made of cheap foam.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But now let me blow your mind with something, which is when  this is the this is like your Mueller report.
  Yeah, I know.
 And I'm like, I'm stressed out.
  There's more to go.
  I know it's one of those sincere ones.
  I'm trying to joke, but I believe in this world and mythology very much.
  And I'm trying to not get winded.
  So but here's here's really the big one.
  So she builds all of these puppets.
 They're amazing.
  She brings them to Imagineering just in garbage bags  from her one better apartment, like takes them all out.
  People everybody's floored because they're just throwing this thing together.
  If we could get these characters done, that'd be great.
  They're they're all fantastic.
  If you look if you look them up in the video, look up Mr.
  Fusano and Tony's wife, who I'll get to  everybody, Imagineering loves it.
  The person who commissioned her said, oh, my God,  I have to go tell the Star Tours team about this.
  Hey, everybody working on Star Tours, come see these puppets on the spot.
  She has offered offered the opportunity to build a puppet of Admiral Ackbar.
  Whoa.
 Which was used in the line at Star Tours Tokyo.
  My goodness.
 This guy.
 Great.
  There is only one tiny screen that is playing this amazing Ackbar.
  I mean, maybe he's not Ackbar.
  He's a Mon Calamari.
 He's of the same species.
  But if you watch the video of this thing, it's incredible.
  He blinks.
 There is so much there's so much expression in his face.
  And you can tell that he's small.
  So he's kind of cute.
  It's like if Edwin was an Ackbar, he's it's the most adorable thing.
  So it's not an Ackbar.
  It's not a Mon Calamari that's in the control room.
  It's honest.
 A video screen elsewhere.
  He's giving instructions to a droid.
 Oh, OK.
  Did you find it? Yeah.
 There you are.
  Yes.
 Only I found that.
  Charming.
 So blue my mind.
  There's like a couple of grainy videos of it.
  It's hard to find quality.
  So in addition, all that other shit, Dan Android and everything,  there's an Ackbar that was only for this thing.
  Tying all these universes together, the same puppeteer building puppets  for both of these places.
  Can she make a puppet of Jason and his ice cream wife?  Wouldn't that be?  We know she can.
 It's would she?  Would she? We just got another drawing of that as we've been recording.
  I know that's what's jogged my memory.
  And I what to what to puppets cost at this point?  I don't know.
  What is what is Lynette Eklund's original legend?  Yeah, she's got to charge something.
  I'd be happy to have a puppet of me, but I'd so much rather have a Jason.
  Oh, my God.
 That's obvious.
  I would I think we would all three rather have Jason puppets.
  Yeah, different Jason puppets.
  One is a mayor.
 One is married to the ice cream wife.
  And then one is there was got to be a third probably in an old time  sleeping get a like Scrooge greeting the ghost.
  Oh, with the butthole pajamas.
  Oh, I was going to say night shirt and a cat like a sleeping cat.
  Oh, like like you want like a minor, a minor who startled awake by like raiders.
  Like you get out of here like that kind of but underwear, like Ghostbusters.
  When they come into the Ghostbusters, too, they come into the restaurant  covered in goo to interrupt Venkman's dinner.
  That was the late 1980s and they were wearing long.
  It was funny.
 It was funny.
  Would have been funnier if they'd put Dan Android in there, too.
  Yeah.
 But what can you do?  All right.
 Let's all right.
 New goal.
  We can't we can't even keep track of all the things we do when episodes end.
  But clearly getting this woman to build Jason.
  So anyway, let me get to her next puppet.
  OK, so as I was saying, his boss is the pizza machine is broken.
  His boss is threatening to send him to the spice mines.
  Dear God, the stakes could not be higher.
  Then everybody, all these human workers are calling Tony.
  We need more pizzas.
  And then another Tony from his wife, from Mrs.
  Solaroni, Tony, who this this character.
  I have some Bechtel test questions about Mrs.
  Solaroni, the Helen, the Helen test.
 Yes.
  If her name was Helen, maybe her name is Helen.
  Her unsaid name is Helen.
  Tony, you didn't fix the gaseous atmosphere conditioner  like I told you to.
  You see her.
  His puppet wife is in a room next to like an air conditioner,  but that is gas and it's on the fritz.
  And it is.
 And smoke is or something worse.
  Gas is filling the room.
  She is starting to choke and cough on gas.
  Also, she's presented as like a nagging wife who doesn't understand that he's at work.
  But she's dying of gas poisoning.
  And she asked him to fix this already.
  What does she want? More gas or less gas?  That's is it like an air conditioner or is it like  natural gas is like gallons a day to live.
  So it's funny because if you read the summary of this character in the show, it's Tony.
  Yeah, Tony tries his best to make pizzas while he gets grief from his boss and wife.
  And there's so much more.
  Everything refers to nagging wife.
  I didn't even show you guys.
 I brought this dip.
  This issue of Disney News from when it probably the first I ever heard of this thing.
  Look at this drawing of Mrs.
  Solaroni.
 Look how look how mean and unpleasant she is at the bottom.
  That's her.
 Yes, she looks like a cat.
  She's opening her arms for a big hug.
  Oh, that's but her but her.
  Her eyes are angry.
  She's OK.
 I guess they're a little angry.
  Yeah, I couldn't really see that nag here.
  Yeah, she's looking for that kind of relationship, though.
  I'm kind of I'm a mad.
  And now I'm now I'm shipping you guys.
  I'm literally doing it.
  I'm putting Mrs.
  Solaroni next to you.
  Bost around by Mrs.
  Solaroni.
  That's what he's looking for.
  Jason, why home the gas, please?  OK, I'll stop on the way.
  Whatever you say, dear.
  I'll stop at Space Mart.
  Later, the situation sort of gets resolved and they're not quite like still.
  She calls again and more gas is filling up the room.
  She is coughing and coughing.
  And then she adds another request, which is bring home something to eat.
  And don't you dare bring me another pizza.
  Man, I so now here's where I know I've said how much I love Tony Solaroni,  but maybe I don't maybe I love the world.
  But I think he has some some problems.
  He's not a good businessman.
  No, he lets this.
  I've only been sitting and watching this for 10 minutes and the machine is broken  twice just in this random snippet of watching him work his like.
  And then he's trying to slide in pizzas, which he has an unlimited amount of at work.
  Yeah, he always brings that home for dinner.
  That's cheating.
 That's stealing from the restaurant and his wife.
  She's going to get sick if all she eats is pizza.
  And she's already dying of gas poisoning.
  He's got some Tony.
  It sounds like there's a root cause for his listlessness.
  What's what's really plaguing Tony?  Um, I mean, is it the just the presser of Mr.
  Fusano? Is it late?  Is this late stage capitalism crushing the salary man crushing this worker?  I think you think about it in sort of a way in a scary German expression,  it like the idea of work being that you're like pulling levers and operating  a big machine and toiling away.
  That is like this like scary futurist idea of what your job would be.
  Yeah.
 I mean, there's schools of political thought that say like,  who really has more influence on your day to day life?  The president, your senator or your boss?  You know, so I would like to see whoever the president is in this world very much.
  Oh, yeah.
 I'll take Mr.
  What does he think of the spice?  I mean, I love giving him subsidies to he might have invaded some country  and like blown up a bunch of people that get them built.
  I think Tony, though, kind of you could use him as like a stand in for corporate  culture where people just fail, fail, fail and keep getting plugged into jobs  they're unqualified for.
 Like, you know, we are in the entertainment business.
  Executives switch places.
 Maybe they suck at their job.
  We've talked to them.
 They don't know.
  They don't know how to read a script or interpret things.
  They don't have any ideas.
  That's the thing that happens.
  Every like blip blip media that comes and goes in nine months and fail.
  The executive is always immediately at another job.
  Yes, it's some crazy.
  No one knows what they're doing.
  And this is what Tony's doing.
  He's a nice guy, but he's not qualified for this.
  He shouldn't be doing this.
  Lord Lord, give me the confidence of a mediocre Tony Salaroni.
  Right, folks.
 Tony.
  So like my mug, like my mug from Redbubble says.
  I mean, he's also executives is a good metaphor for him, too,  because he like what is he really doing?  I you're watching the machine is automated.
  It's doing everything.
  Then what the fully made pizzas are going down to like all of his buddies  downstairs who are just putting pizzas in an oven and not cooking them.
  Those are his underlings who probably follow him from franchise to franchise.
  And that's why they're singing about him and love him so much  because he keeps giving him work, even though this team does not work well together.
  No.
 In the scene that I'm going to keep describing, the room is soon full of smoke.
  Pizzas are spilling everywhere.
  This is a terrible unit of people.
  Yeah.
 So he's really he's propping up this pointless job that he has.
  And maybe Mr.
 Fusano is really the hero  for shining a light on his mediocrity and that he's not really doing it.
  I agree.
 I think that this is a really like this is an interesting  Rorschach test for people, guests that go through this Tokyo Disney place.
  Because what do you see? Do you just go, hey, this is a nice guy?  Because this is a thing we're talking about with politics now.
  There's politicians seem like great people.
  They seem like you'd love to hang out with them and talk to them.
  But what do they represent?  What is the record?  What is actually going on behind that veneer of the nice person?  This is so you go buy this pan galactic pizza port.
  And truly, if you really sit and think about it, you will like learn a lot  about yourself and how you view the world.
  And really, the fact that he's you think he's operating this machine,  but isn't the machine really running itself?  Yes.
 The answer is yes, it is.
  Tony Salaroni is just like a do nothing  consultant class who just if he sticks around long enough, he'll make like  sixteen hundred Zor block  he sees in cosmic shows every year.
  Yeah, he gets he gets pepperoni bonuses every time he leaves the building.
  Sure.
 Do we know his alien race?  We know that he is from the Spumoni galaxy.
  He's Spumoni.
  So he has Spumoni privilege.
  Perhaps Tony Salaroni is a Spumoni privilege.
  He's got Spumoni privilege.
  He's a Monies.
  He has Jason also has a bit of Spumoni privilege.
  That's because it's all spread all around my mouth right now.
  I love that.
  It's like it's like a higher grade Neapolitan.
  As soon as we're done recording, you may even go get some more Spumoni.
  And I will say at least Tony  Salaroni, he does make a little cottage  industry selling Friends of the Zuh t-shirts.
  Oh, people are going to really.
  That's a real that's a real that's the only thing about sort of  sixteen hundred Zor block.
  Yeah, he wrote.
  OK, I see what you're saying.
  OK, OK.
  You know, I went into this thinking I was here to tell you about how much I love  Tony Salaroni and you now that I actually have been forced to sit  and talk about it out loud, I don't love Tony Salaroni.
  I love the pizza part.
  I love the machine and I love the colorful world and characters.
  I hate Tony.
  He is a do nothing.
  He's how dare I compare him to a buzzy.
  Buzzy means, well, he's a he's a conscience of a little boy who's  blossoming and figuring out who he is in this world.
  What is Salaroni?  And Buzzy, there's a whole story, this growth there.
  When you leave this pizza port loop, it just starts all over again,  just like the horrible cycle that we're in.
  Yeah, in this in this capital society.
  Wow.
 All right.
  What an arc for this episode.
  Geez.
  Well, what did I miss?  Well, then the orders are piling up and then the wife and the boss and the  employees all say at once, Tony, which is really fun to watch.
  That's collective action.
  That's solidarity.
  And now that I know those are all the heroes of the story,  that's how we all feel sometimes screaming out at our leaders and feeling  like they don't even hear.
 And you know what?  Now that I think about it, you know what his response is?  Nothing.
 He doesn't do anything.
  He kind of goes like, uh, and then and then the machine fixes itself.
  Speaking of Rorschach from Watchmen,  people will what is the line?  Say the line for me.
  People will look up and say, save us.
  The rain's going to come.
  Yeah.
  Solaroni, no, I will not to save you.
  So all right.
  So now I realize that the stress is justified.
  He starts to worry it's off to the spice mines for me.
  But then the machine fixes itself,  which is how this it's how the Trump situation is going to have to work out.
  Yeah, I don't think no individual is  it's just going to have to take care of itself.
  Anyway, then Mr.
  Fusano checks in one more time, Tony, are those pizzas coming?  And now there's no I miss now the pizza machine fixes itself.
  Now there are too many pizzas and his employees are all fumbling around.
  So it's just another problem again.
  He fucked up yet again.
  But he does get his justice.
  He does.
 This villain gets just punishment.
  Tony Solaroni.
  Mr.
 Fusano says, are those pizzas coming?  He says, yes, better than you'd believe.
  And he says, good, keep up the good work and I'll let you stay on earth for 100  more years, but don't tell your wife for at least 10.
  And then he laughs for a very long time.
  And then Tony starts laughing, too.
  Once again, I'm realizing he is a villain.
  He's trying to murder his wife.
  He's a class traitor, too.
  Oh, yeah.
  Like palling around with the management.
  That's a good point.
  He represents himself as a friend of the kitchen staff.
  Yeah, it's populators.
  And but really he's buddies with that's like the end of that black mirror where  the guy accepts the money to live in the good planes on TV, but then lives in the  golden floor of that future hellscape.
  And in that thing, you have to like you're  on the treadmills operating the machines.
  That's sort of what he's doing.
  It's a very Tony Solaroni is a black mirror.
  It is the first black mirror.
  It happened at a pizza restaurant in 1989.
  Geez.
 Yeah, really heavier than I realized.
  Very heavy.
  It really says something.
  You know? Yeah.
  Yeah.
 But thanks for I don't think I would have known that without saying it all out  loud.
 Yeah, we shine a light on all this.
  And there's one more thing I need to say.
  When when Mrs.
  Solaroni  nags him as if in his view nags him to come home,  she says something very important.
  It goes by in a second, but it's very crucial.
  She tells Tony, take a star speeder home right now.
  Oh, interesting.
  Star speeder ties it back to Star Tours.
  Star Tours is canon.
  Therefore, all of this is canon.
  Earlier, I said, live your Star Wars story  that they're pushing that with the opening of Galaxy's Edge.
  I have already lived my Star Wars story and I'm not going to put it at number one.
  The best Star Wars story is original Star Tours, but number two best Star Wars  story above all of the films in my book is the pan galactic Pete support.
  Tony Solaroni loop.
 Wow.
  It is a tale of good and evil.
  It is a tale of dark sides.
  It's a tale of choosing alliances and it is an official Star Wars story.
  Can I ask what three is?  Well, I made the whole list.
  Oh, go ahead.
  It's a long episode already.
  Yeah.
 And I and I'm  yeah.
 All right.
 My my my top 10 Star Wars stories.
  Number one, Star Tours, number two, the Tony Solaroni loop.
  Number three, the Star Wars holiday special.
  Number four, the Star Tours special where C3PO wraps in the beginning.
  Number five, Sunny Eclipse, also canon.
  Number six, the part in the 35th anniversary special where C3PO and R2D2  wait for a transmission from Miss Piggy and Gonzo.
  But they're worried because Tony Danza is nowhere to be found.
  That's number six.
  Number seven, Star Wars adventures continue.
  Star Tours adventures continue.
  Number eight is a tie between any time any of the droids present on the Oscars.
  And number nine, Empire Strikes Back,  number 10, when the Star Wars characters are on the Muppet show.
  So one of the movies snuck in there.
  I would have liked to have gotten more in, but I have to live.
  I have to live my truth.
  I have to tell my Star Wars story.
  And that is and that's my top 10.
  I would love to see you at Galaxy's Edge,  stop at every store and go like you have any Tony Solaroni stuff?  Or do I have to go to the first order supply for that?  Does the Droid Depot do any of these customize into Tony Solaroni?  Oh, you don't have OK.
  But you probably have a Mr.
  Fusano, right? I mean, I'll wait.
  Just go look in the back.
  There's a Mr.
 Fusano walk around character for sure.
  He's at Black Spire Outpost.
  I guess what I would end up saying after that interaction is these are not the  droids I'm looking for.
  Wow, you nailed that.
  God, I did a Star Wars.
  You did it despite my list.
  So wait, Sunny Eclipse is in there because the mold, the shared mold is a spiritual cousin.
  Yeah, because Office is canon because he's part of Star Tours and, you know,  he's the same species as Sunny Eclipse.
  So, yes, Sunny Eclipse is a Star Wars story.
  The space angels are great.
  OK, yeah.
 Anything you would kick out of my my list?  No.
  Did you move anything around for me personally?  I'm trying to think.
  What was the holiday special to was it?  There's three.
  I guess two is I mean, by the Jefferson Starship performance.
  I think I might move that one up in front of Solaroni.
  Sure.
 That's fair.
  But you have to.
  But in fairness, you did not watch the entire loop.
  And now when you go to having experienced the way we all experienced it here  together, you're going to see it differently.
  Wait a minute.
 I've got Taco Bell had the promotional tie in for the special  editions and the Phantom Menace.
  Yes, I feel like that might knock out Empire.
  Yeah, I'm going to move down the Yoda Man commercials.
  OK, when they were advertising the prequels  and Yoda was doing the when he was flipping around using the lightsaber.
  And they said Yoda Man.
  Oh, yeah, it's maybe not in the top 10, but it's hovering.
  It's still it's going to force you hope and less.
  Are you counting the story?  It was actually kind of cruel.
  And I think they were able to sue for some money where like,  I think it was a waitress at a Hooters, like if they had the most tips or checks  or something, they were told they would get a Toyota at the end of the month.
  And the joke was that it was a toy Yoda.
  And then they sued because it's like that was fraudulent.
  Of course.
  Huh?  Well, that is again, there were twists and turns in that story.
  Tale of good and evil.
  Tale of copyright infringement, which is evil.
  But is it good if it's helping people?  Is it if you rob bread to feed your family?  Is that good or bad?  So that's a that's a I don't know.
  There's a lot to that story.
  I would have to put it in the top 10.
  Yes, I realize this is actually my number one here.
  Let me fast forward a little bit.
  I do not.
  We did a whole bit about this once years ago.
  Now, Mike, I don't know what I'm looking at here.
  This is a video game.
  Oh,  I'm still dancing about to be frozen by car.
  It's far away.
 I can't.
  He's going to be frozen in a sec.
  Well, that's or he just got three.
  I guess he got three.
  But he is on the carbonite freezing room platform.
  Yeah.
  The cover is gone.
  What is this?  The pain is gone.
  That is a video game, like a Kinect video game from years ago with all Star Wars  like pop like parodies, essentially.
  Oh, my God.
  This is right before the sale to Disney,  which Disney then like doesn't want to do fun shit like this anymore.
  Yeah.
  But it's like my favorite Star Wars thing.
  And then I got to put in the unreleased thing where Bugman plays the Han Solo.
  Yeah.
  Without having seen it, it's still at top 10.
  Yeah.
 Man, jeez.
  The top 10 is getting crowded.
  I'm going to have to bump Adventures Continue.
  Oscars are out.
  And yeah, Empire went out a long time ago.
  So, yeah, I'm going to move that up to maybe like four.
  I'll dock Holiday special points for the B.
R.
  third number.
 It doesn't really do it for me.
  But I mean, I'll reach I'll reach out all of this.
  And but every one of those songs is its own Star Wars story.
  Oh, so that might that might really like six of the slots.
  But it's never going to bump the tale of Tony Solaroni.
  No, a villain I realized was a villain halfway through our own podcast.
  This podcast, you know, I had a good time talking about this with you guys.
  I'm going to put this episode in the top 10 Star Wars stories.
  I know.
 I think this is probably now this is Canon, obviously.
  But yeah, this podcast is Canon.
  This is this wasn't even planned.
  I mean, this was just you were so excited  coming off your Tokyo trip and we're not even thinking about this is coming out  like as Galaxy's Edge is about to open.
  So it does tie.
  Yeah, it ties together more than we realized.
  And that's this customizable adventure where you're you're tied up and you have  to form allegiances.
 But look what happened to us here.
  Sure.
 I lost my Tony Solaroni, lost his allegiance to me.
  I say send him to the spice mines for all I care.
  He's a he's a bigger  turned coat than whatever Benicio del Toro's character was called in Last Jedi.
  J.
J.
 Jason, his character's name was DJ.
  Really? You don't remember that?  No, I don't.
 OK, crazy.
  He wasn't the master code breaker.
  No, that was Justin Theroux.
  That was Justin Theroux.
 A very confusing cameo.
  I see.
  Benicio del Toro was the one who kept going like  like he had a techie, had like a real good acting tech.
  Yeah, pretty neat.
  Pretty cool.
  Not going to make it into the top 10, though.
  Not now that I know about going solo.
  What's that called?  I'm  that's already like mentally checked out.
  He's already driving.
  I'm going like, I can't forget.
  I have to get this down.
  I got to free myself of the pain.
  I got to get all of the government off me.
  Kind of take a shower.
  I'm shocked.
  All that carbonate.
  I'm shocked.
  I didn't show you that within like the first few weeks of knowing.
  Yeah, I know.
 What were we doing?  A lot of wasted time.
  I'm sure I was sure you knew that.
  I'm not kidding with any of this.
  I hate how seriously people take Star Wars.
  And I think you'll have a lot more fun if you loosen up, put it all in canon.
  That's the advice I'd give if I were speaking at a graduation.
  I'd say, put it all in canon.
  Yeah, loosen up.
  Have fun out there.
  I live your Star Wars story.
  But I do take everything seriously, too.
  Somebody accused me of not being you and I of not being real Star Wars fans.
  And I take umbrage with that.
  I love Star Wars.
  I'm a big Star Wars fan.
  Let me praise.
  I'm I am in my own way.
  If you accuse me of not being.
  But you just listed.
  Yes.
 So you listed enough like obscure things, which obscure things is truly the  mark of a fan.
  Yeah, I think so.
  There's the movies, but everyone knows those.
  Yeah.
  Tony, the Where is Tony Danza scene.
  You have to be a true Star Wars fan to acknowledge.
  I'm going to say this real quick about Tony.
  I love this one point I wanted to make.
  Yes, I like Tony's hairstyle because I'm  pretty sure it was modeled after Clint Howard.
  Like when you're bald and you just have  that big kind of patch of brown hair in the back, almost like Hulk Hogan, when the  bandana would fall off.
 Sure.
  I love it.
 I love an alien having that hairstyle.
  He kind of does.
  And he's just got like a little swivel, essentially.
  Yeah, that's fantastic.
  What is that enough to keep him out of the spice mines?  No, he should live there for all of eternity as far as I'm concerned.
  But his hairstyle is super cute.
  Do you think that's genetic or just  from stress and not eating enough or only eating pizza?  Well, his eyes, they go up.
  So I think it's actually just sort of how the hairstyle of the aliens is.
  I see.
 I don't think he actually lost his hair.
  It just looks like that for us because, yeah, because he has too much  stuff going on up top, I think, for there to be hair surrounding all of it.
  How about what I've determined is I like  everything about this experience except that bastard Tony Solaroni.
  We were talking about getting a Jason puppet made.
  What if instead it's a Jason animatronic?  We get Tony out of there.
  We replace him with Jason Sheridoni, a man of the people,  somebody everyone can agree on, and which and you as an animatronic would  just be very buzzy-esque.
 Yeah.
  Everybody's on board with that right away.
  More hair.
 That's a plus.
  Not like this little wisp that Tony has.
  I'll say this seafood cream calzone.
  Go on.
 Japanese curry calzone in.
  Damn.
 Great move.
 Day one.
 Day one.
  Yeah.
 And if he's pizza, how about that?  Don't overthink it.
  Yeah.
 Now that I think about it, this is why these franchises are going under.
  Seafood cream.
  Mr.
 Fusano should have canned your ass for that idea.
  Day one.
 Yeah.
  Also day one.
 Shutting the place down.
  Bar rescue profit style.
  Shutting it down.
  Cleaning everything.
 Scrubbing everything.
  There's not going to be any smoke, any dough just piling up.
  Fresh cheese in the cheese-o-matic.
  Yeah.
 Fresh dough in the flip-flop-ulator.
  I want to talk to every employee and figure out what their fucked up backstory is.
  That we'll learn for 45 seconds.
  Very passingly, yes.
  No animatronic.
  Just put Jason there.
  Just ship Jason to Tokyo.
  Sure.
 And have him do it.
  Like when I went in to ship you to Singapore to play Awesome Powers.
  Shipping is part of the.
.
.
  I was shipping you with the wife and then she would be your wife.
  And I'm literally shipping you in a crate.
  Like Garfield ships Nermal to Abu Dhabi.
  But yeah.
  You insist I travel that way.
  I tried to lure you into that giant crate with the big Abu Dhabi mailing slip on it.
  Almost worked too.
  Almost worked.
  Trail of candy into.
.
.
  This is great.
  And then you actually turn this pizza restaurant, which does need help.
  And it's like very simple fixes to make a pizza place good.
  You'll do that.
  You will sit in a chair.
  I hope you'd be up for singing an Italian ditty every once in a while.
  Of course.
  And me in the while.
  Couples counseling immediate.
  Let's get to the bottom.
  Let's get to the bottom.
  What's going on with you?  Well, I mean, I guess first things first.
  Let's fix that gas machine and try and figure out whether you want more gas or less gas.
  Because you're asking questions.
  Yeah.
 That's part of a good marriage.
  You know, just like if it's all one sided and you're on your way out the door to work  at your pizza machine job, but you've already opened a dialogue.
  You're going to be a great husband to the former Mrs.
  Solar and an important part of running a successful business that we can all enjoy  the success of.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So she will become.
.
.
  Solar will become a maiden name.
  She's Mrs.
  Sheratoni now.
  And also, first, when you get when you patch that relationship up with someone  who's not your wife until now, ask her name.
  Find out her name.
  Find out the name.
  Yeah.
  The business will go belly up when I start giving away those little green men  mochis with any order, like even water cups.
  Like, did you want some of these too?  They're really good.
  It's a promotion.
  You need to get people in the door with that.
  Yeah.
  You're clearing the stockpile out.
  That's what Marcus would do.
  Sure.
 Absolutely.
  Mochi don't last forever.
  You don't want freezer burn.
  You don't want a gummy mochi and you bite into freezer burn ice cream.
  Ugh.
  Mochi don't last forever.
  Mochi don't last forever.
  That's Jason's Star Wars story.
  I have certainly found whenever we're done, the music to play us out.
  OK, sure.
 Well, I think we're ready.
  You survived podcast The Rioter, a harrowing story.
  You survived our Star Wars story about Tony Solaroni, who is Star Wars canon.
  For more compelling content like this,  stay subscribed to the Patreon and email us questions at podcastreay.
gmail.
com.
  Check us out on Twitter, Instagram.
  But what do you have to play us out with, Mike?  Well, this song is called Empire Today from the same Kinect Star Wars Galactic  Dance Off game.
 There's nothing to do with the mattress, Jay.
  I said,  there's no need to be unhappy.
  Young man, I'm the one in control.
  I said, young man, they can't read it, they know it's constriction.
  But I'm sure you will find many ways to have a good time.
  It's great to be in the Empire Today.
  It's great to be in the Empire.
  It's great to be in the Empire.
  It's great to be in the Empire.
  All right, goodbye.
