 Forever.
  Dog.
  Starting 1998, we picked up a distress signal from our listeners who demand a two hour exploration  of sloping foam parties, mercurial timeshare owners, the holy rings of Betazet, and alcoholic  beverages approved by Luwak-Sana-Troy.
  Set course for a frontier called the Las Vegas Hill.
  It's the Star Trek Experience on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three men who boldly go on  and on and on to anyone who will listen about one pre-show videos and robots.
  My name is Mike Carlson, I fumbled the joke too.
  You warned us.
  I warned you that the joke was lame, I wrote it about five minutes ago.
  I also had my cursor in the middle of it as I was reading it and then I fumbled over whatever  word.
  Well that, look, if something appeared in, if you were reading a teleprompter and then  a bug flew into it, could you really be expected to take responsibility?  No, I'm sorry.
  I have sympathy for you and I enjoyed it.
  Thank you.
  I'm Scott Gardner.
  Jason Sheridan's also here.
  Hi, yes.
  I was trying to think on the drive over of a boldly go joke and just didn't have it and  I was like, no, that'll be two.
  And then you gave up and you started thinking about some else.
  Yeah.
  Well, I figured you would have it because I think it's easy to, fair to say that you  are probably the biggest Star Trek fan out of the three of us.
  I think I could easily say that.
  I think you could fill in almost anything and that would be the case.
  I'm a bigger fan of everything.
  Except for in the case of this episode, politics of who owned what Vegas hotel at what time.
  Yeah, you are the king of that.
  Yeah, so it's a perfect episode.
  There's a lot for all of us to talk about.
  Yes, there is.
  And I guess for then what would Jason's be?  I guess, you know, fried tribbles.
  Yeah, fried tribbles from like, yeah, the very stiff promotional footage.
  Well, my thing, which it's the Vegas episode.
  Oh, yeah.
  You kind of.
  It is the first thing we're addressing.
  Yeah, we haven't really talked Vegas too much.
  Oh, and just to say in general, we're talking about Star Trek, the experience, which ran  from what, 97, 98 to 2007?  98 to 2008, I believe.
  In that range, late 90s to late 2000s.
  And this was an immersive Star Trek experience that was open at the Las Vegas Hilton.
  What then was the Las Vegas Hilton?  It included a ride, it included 40 experiences, restaurants, the only like really big immersive  like miniature Star Wars, I'm sorry, Star Trek theme park that has existed thus far.
  Yeah, the rumors are flying around about that other stuff.
  And to clarify, it is not Star Trek, the adventure or the Star Trek adventure.
  Who knows?  There was another thing at Universal Studios where they inserted guests into a Star Trek  movie or show.
  But we will be talking about that on the Patreon.
  It is a Star Trek block.
  But today, right now, what you're listening to is about Las Vegas.
  Yeah, we're doing this, of course, to celebrate the Star Wars land opening soon, because honestly,  as you're looking through this, this really is similar to some things that we've read  about Star Wars land.
  Well, as you, as we've heard for a long time, that we will be going to a very immersive  multi-part experience, a part of which recreates a very famous ship and all of the interiors  and hallways and corridors and rides where there's like the ride part of the ride, but  buildups and weird elevators that take you there.
  Turbolifts.
  And a place where there are actors who are very steeped in the mythology and various  languages.
  A lot of actors.
  Tons of actors.
  Who are really committed and really love it.
  And a space-themed bar that offers colorful drinks that are in like tubes and steam up  and shit.
  We've been hearing about this coming to Disneyland for a long time, and something very similar  to it existed in the magical land of Las Vegas, but a decade ago.
  And both bars, presumably in terms of the cantina at Star Wars, very much products of  their times in that, like we live in a time of craft cocktail, exhausting craft cocktail  nonsense, and Quarks was more of a time of like really dense looking pizza and buffalo  chicken fingers.
  Yes.
  That was the height of themed entertainment.
  Melon liqueur and alize and something called razzmatazz in the drink warp core breach.
  I'm really excited to talk to Quarks bar.
  But one thing at a time, as you say, we haven't really talked Vegas much at all, which is  very exciting.
  I hope everyone thinks that Vegas is in bounds for us to talk about on this podcast because  if it's less theme parks and more themed experiences, Lord knows the 90s were an explosion of themed  experiences in Las Vegas.
  And that's what ultimately led to this, this Star Trek thing.
  But we haven't talked about all of the bullshit that used to be at the Excalibur and the Luxor  and all that.
  There's too much.
  And when this episode comes out, I will be in Las Vegas.
  Hey, yeah.
  So, okay.
  And tell me to do something weird.
  I mean, that's true.
  Tell me if there's an experience or something.
  Don't like, I'm not going to like eat shit out of a toilet or something.
  And you're not going to do that thing where you like ride a tractor, like move like mechanical  arms around.
  There's some attraction that's like, you know, drive construction equipment around a field.
  I might do that if it was close to the hotel, maybe.
  It depends.
  I'd have to look into it.
  I need to see Yelp review.
  Something that'll come up later in this episode.
  You do have the opportunity to see something in Las Vegas called Bongzilla, but I'll elaborate  later as to what Bongzilla is all about.
  I know that we've like, I think people have even tweeted us or I've seen discussion on  What's like theme park stuff in Vegas?  And there's not as much as there used to be.
  Yeah.
  Like you were just looking for what the hell do you do when you're there?  I've recommended strongly the movie that plays in the M&M store, which I hope you check out.
  Is that free?  Yeah, oh, you know it.
  Good.
  I recommended something that is sadly actually gone.
  The circus circus where you could get a drink served in a toilet mug.
  Vince Neil.
  Vince Neils Tattoo-Auto.
  We were trying to figure out which scum rock, scum rock guy.
  You would guess David Lee Roth.
  I was thinking it was David Lee Roth.
  I didn't think as a restaurateur, although it's waiting for him whenever he wants to  do it.
  Vince Neils has a thing?  But it's gone.
  I think it's gone.
  Well, the restaurant might still be there.
  I gotta get to Vince Neils restaurant.
  Tattoo-Auto in circus.
  Because there's that stretch with Margaritaville, Cabo Wabo Cantina and Toby Keith's I Love  This Bar and Grill.
  Oh, that's right.
  And then there's that also where that Guy Fury restaurant that where we ate.
  Oh, well, that was by the link that was sold by.
  Oh, yeah, you're right.
  That was farther down there.
  Yeah, where we very sadly ate like chicken lollipops.
  We competed in Guy's Cheesecake Challenge.
  We did get the cheese.
  Who won?  Jason wins when cheesecake is involved.
  I don't think anyone ate it.
  That didn't even seem like it had defrosted all the way.
  We ate it though.
  We ate it.
  There was no Victor that day.
  It was a sad.
  We were like on the way out of a weekend in Vegas and nothing was particularly good that  we ordered.
  Like nachos topped with a lot of Coquita cheese, which doesn't really melt.
  Like it's such an odd choice.
  You usually like sprinkle a little on top, but this was just so much.
  I'm sure the meal was set at reasonable prices.
  I don't recall, but probably not.
  Probably not.
  But I don't think it was that.
  I would assume it was overpriced.
  It was at the end of real quick.
  I'll tell the story.
  Yeah.
  So this is my Mike's Mike like Star Trek.
  Scott likes Vegas.
  You know, who owns stuff in Vegas?  And I guess I like experiencing one crazy night sort of stories.
  Yes, that's true.
  But this story I'm going to tell is not a crazy night at all.
  Well, it was crazy night for me.
  It is a mild, very mild night.
  Could not be lower.
  So all right.
  Keep crazy night in your head as you listen to this.
  Yes.
  So to Jason, what I'm about to describe is a crazy night.
  So we were there for a bachelor party.
  We went to I forget the name of it, but it's like a German beer hall.
  I know what it was called.
  Hoffbrau House.
  Hoffbrau House.
  OK.
 And there's a woman in like Liederhosen who comes around and will paddle you for a  dollar.
  If you want to do a shot out of a.
  If you want to do a shot.
  Which is like, you know, I'm not that doesn't a lot of people signing up for it.
  Like a lot of people getting paddled during the meal.
  Not you, Mike.
  Not believe it or not, me, not me.
  And so we were it was a big it was a big group of us for this bachelor party.
  And prior to this, there was a weed cookie that was eaten by some people, Jason  included.
  I concluded I had a little bit of it.
  I think you had a lot more than me.
  I thought I took a little piece and I was wrong.
  Yeah, no, because I remember being like, oh, it's a little and I don't even think  anything that was felt.
  I didn't feel anything really.
  That's what I would do.
 I would take the tiniest little sliver.
  But when you got a cookie in front of him, no matter what the ingredients are, if it  was PCP tunnel vision.
  So we're eating.
 So we're at the beer hall.
  We're having a fine time.
  And then a friend of ours came over and there was a man.
  This part is a little bit hazy.
  So tell me if you you remember this better than I do.
  There was like a band playing or lip syncing or lip syncing.
  We were never sure.
  They were in the back of the beer hall.
  Yeah.
 So they were at the back of the beer hall.
  One of them was had some sort of animatronic cat looked like the sorting hat from  Harry Potter because the hat was moving to.
  I don't remember the moving hat.
  I don't know if that's true.
  I think it was just that was moving a little.
  I think it was a big hat.
  The hat was it was a big line.
  The hat is this is interesting because now I have never we've never talked about  the moving hat.
  I but we regardless we there is a full band and we don't know if they were playing  or lip syncing like it's a bit playing to a track or something.
  But we couldn't tell because we were in the we were in the front of the restaurant  and that was in the way back.
  Because this was a restaurant that had a real vibe.
  Had a real atmosphere, real draw to be because you had to do like toasts and you had to  bang your beer steins.
  It's a lot of process.
  It started fun.
  Yeah.
 So my recollection is that then you started laughing a little bit too much at  everything.
 Started laughing a little bit.
  A friend of ours came over and he made this is where my memory is fuzzy.
  He made the comment that the hat on this man looked like Pharrell's big hat.
  Pharrell at the time had been wearing that large like he had just worn the big hat  was mountie like Dudley Do-Right kind of style hat.
  And you lost it.
  Like I've never seen you laugh so much.
  And you kept like kind of like Pharrell's big hat and you were laughing like I've  never seen you.
  See, in my mind, I was the one who could who said Pharrell's big hat first.
  Very possible.
  And that's why I could barely get it out.
  It's very possible.
  Because it was also just a little past the topical deadline for that joke.
  That brief window.
  That brief window.
  Because it's not it just became not topical.
  Right.
  Right.
 So you were laughing and everybody everybody started catching wind that you  were laughing and everybody kind of came over and like were joking around with you  and you were having a great time.
  And you had this giant sandwich.
  You had like a foot long sandwich.
  Foot long sausage because everything was platters.
  It was like, oh, you got you picked your meats and then you got like two or three  sides.
  And I was in that hunger.
  I was like, oh, I'll just get the one sandwich on the thing.
  How big can it be?  Because it was also cheaper than the other platters.
  And then it was bigger than everyone's regular.
  It sounds like it was bigger than Pharrell's big hat.
  It was.
  It was appropriate.
  And there were like big burly men at this table with us like eating.
  You were the biggest plate of food by far of anyone, I think.
  Or just at least the look of it.
  And you held this thing up.
  It looked like Homer's sandwich in the episode where he keeps finding it and he gets  sick because he's eating it.
  And the second but the second smallest beer, not the smallest beer, because they were  mean to anyone who ordered a pint.
  They were mean to me.
  I had the smallest beer.
  I accidentally ordered a smaller beer.
  Which was a regular sized beer.
  I ordered a regular pint and I got roasted.
  They razzed you.
  I got roasted for that.
  I forget.
  It was probably something like sex.
  They called me a woman or something.
  Like they probably said something like that.
  I think it was.
  Not the woman.
  But this is, you know, it's a historical place, you know, so they have to.
  We've been doing this since 2004.
  You have to insult you in the way they would have 10 years ago.
  So this is about when the dam breaks for me.
  So you're because everyone is saying that is the biggest sausage I've ever.
  Like everyone is talking about how big the sausage is.
  And then I'm like everyone's talking how big the sausage is.
  Like it's repeating.
  Like I feel like I'm in like the merit.
  Like is it safe?  Is it safe?  Like I that's what to me.
  Some people probably said it like three times.
  But to me, it's just echoing.
  That everyone is talking about how big the sausage is.
  And then I'm still like, is the band playing or not?  Like I feel like I'm in a Thomas Pynchon novel where everything's a conspiracy.
  Everything's a trick.
  Like and because so.
  So from my vantage point, I think we like joked about the sandwich a little bit.
  And then we started eating and talking about something else.
  And then all of a sudden I see you and you go from, you know, zero to 60 laughing.
  60 to zero.
  I see you.
  This is.
  Fade.
  Again, Vegas.
  We're on the edge of the desert by Barstow when the drugs kicked in.
  Like this is.
  But this, but at this point the drugs kicked off in a way.
  Or I guess, you know, I guess, you know, they kicked in.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Yeah.
  The paranoia is what's setting.
  They're starting to show up.
  The laughing has stopped and the bats are starting to show up.
  So I look at you and now I'm legit like concerned.
  You are drooped over a little bit like you're not sitting up straight  and you're holding the sandwich still.
  And it's like you're trying to eat this giant sandwich, but you're falling asleep or something.
  And then I'm like, hey, are you OK?  And you were just like, yeah, like you were a little hazy and you're trying to eat it.
  And then like you're just like you were in slow motion for a few minutes.
  And I'm like, oh, and this happened so fast.
  I've never seen a transformation like this.
  Running through my mind is I have to get the fuck out of here.
  So this actually sort of happened.
  I'm trying to think of the timetable, how long you were actually like that.
  Because then at a certain point, it was clear that some of the group was already done in leaving.
  Maybe everybody didn't have dinner.
  And I think I didn't even have very much.
  So I was like, we are we're leaving soon.
  And you were like, I have to go.
  And I said, well, we're all see everyone's like packing up  and we're going to leave in a couple of minutes.
  Just wait for us because you don't you go.
  I have to go now because what I can't keep.
  I keep my eye keeps going to is the woman with the test tube shots  and the paddle is inching closer to us.
  And I am like, she's coming for me.
  Like, again, I think I am in a Kafka ask a nightmare where it's like someone's going to  buy that and make me do that.
  And I am just like, I got to get out of here.
  Yeah, sure.
  So what that paddle could have been in your in your mind,  that would have seemed like 700 feet tall and like it like knocked you back to California.
  I just thought it was like it would hurt a lot because I could tell like my sentence  senses are heightened.
  Like this is like Daredevil, but a pain in the ass.
  So you threw twenty dollars on the table and walked out.
  Yes.
  And then I'll tell my side of then what the rest of the night was,  and then you will tell what you did.
  OK, so why don't I tell my journey and you tell tell what reality actually is.
  It's just good to the end of the story.
  He got Jason got married to the big sausage.
  I got married to the still technically married to this day.
  And the woman with the paddle broken and paddled the boat.
  I went out to the hostess station and did the thing where when you're a little out of it,  you try to be extra with adult with it.
  And it went, excuse me, where can I get a taxi around here?  And she said, just go across the street to the Hard Rock Hotel.
  They have a taxi stand.
  And I went, thank you.
  And I went outside and across the street was like six or eight lanes of a major thoroughfare,  thankfully with crosswalks.
  So I was like, OK, here we go.
  Got across the street to the Hard Rock, went up to the cab stand and when I had like a cab,  and then I gave him I probably gave him to like because they just whistle or they just go  over there, sir.
  Like they had a line of caps.
  I didn't need to talk to anyone.
  But I handed that man a $10 bill and then I got in the cab and the cab took me back to the Venetian.
  And I went back to the room and got in bed, got under the cover.
  This is called the person I was dating at the time to go like, hey,  I just just wanted to say hi.
  Like calm you down.
  Like, yeah, just talking down specifically.
  And I remember her going, where where are you?  And I went, I'm under the Cubs.
  Like you said Cubs, not covers.
  Yeah, Scott jumped out of his chair when you said Cubs.
  Cubs.
  I was under the Cubs.
  This is also under the Cubs.
  So this is like 9 p.
m.
  So this is reality.
  So I get under the Cubs and I turn on the TV and I go to sleep for what I think is hours.
  And wake up and my friends are standing at the foot of the bed.
  And I was just like, hey guys, what's up?  What's going on?  Everyone good?  So Mike, what was the reality?  Well, I think we came back to sort of to check on you.
  And I think it was like 1030 and you thought it was like you had been asleep for eight hours.
  I thought it was five in the morning.
  And the King of Queens was on the TV.
  Yes.
  And you were yeah, so you were in bed.
  And I believe then we went out a little bit more.
  We did not have a very late night though.
  We came back probably 1 a.
m.
 and went to bed.
  So then this is my favorite part of the story.
  We wake up at 10 a.
m.
  And everyone's deciding what to do.
  I'm going to go to the pool.
  I'm going to go with some other people.
  And then another one of our friends is going to gamble.
  And I go, Jason, let's go to the pool.
  And you go, oh, I can't.
  I gotta.
  And I go, come on, let's go.
  We're in Las Vegas.
  Let's go.
  It's a bachelor.
  I go, what time is it?  And I go, it's 10 a.
m.
  What are you?  And you're like, I thought it feels like seven.
  And I go, you've been sleeping for like 12 hours.
  Geez.
  You've been sleeping for like at least 12 hours, maybe more.
  And you go, you go, go on without me.
  Hit me like a ton of risk.
  I eventually got up around like noonish, 1130 noonish.
  Bringing the total like 14?  14 hour sleep or so.
  And then I did you not have a nap in the afternoon too?  I did go back a few hours later and nap.
  So then what I did, I got up and found that despite Vegas never closing,  they stopped serving breakfast at 10 a.
m.
 everywhere.
  Because all I wanted was a bacon, egg and cheese.
  And I was like walking through the mall that's in the Venetian Palazzo.
  Eventually I landed at the Grimaldi's Pizza and ate a small pepperoni pizza all by myself.
  And then I went back to the room.
  And then you shopped in the Michael Jackson store.
  And you got the free champagne flute.
  Not the one that's themed after him or the one where he walked around and said,  I own this, I own that.
  The one he walked around with Martin Bashir.
  And I went in because I went 30 when I'm a Mosa.
  Oh, and the how?  And I was like, yes, I do.
  And then everywhere in that store, they have TVs playing the Bashir.
  Just that clip.
  Just the clip of them walking around.
  I have this tomb.
  I have all the tombs.
  You didn't buy a tomb?  I didn't buy a tomb.
  You wanted to crawl in one for a nap though.
  So you had the champagne and then you went back and napped.
  So the whole time, it's like we're only there for two days.
  We're like texting you like, what are you doing?  We're all hanging out.
  It's a bachelor party.
  You had gotten like 14 to 16 hours of sleep in Las Vegas.
  Hey, everybody makes Vegas their own.
  I think he lived like a king.
  He did.
  Yeah, look, I walked around the big innuendoor mall.
  I liked the gondola.
  I looked at the gondolas for a while.
  What is impressive?  I will say this about you.
  When I've ever been on a trip with you, it does swing either way.
  There's been times when you are the one who's out till 6 a.
m.
  Till the sun comes up.
  Sure.
  Till the sun comes up and we're all sleeping and we're like, wow, Jason's wild.
  And then there's the Vegas story where you sleep 16 hours and barely see us.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm a man of extremes.
  I'm a Libra just constantly trying to balance those scales, baby.
  Well, you heard it here first.
  You heard it here first.
  And they really dip when you put a gigantic sausage on one end of them.
  Yeah.
  Is that your only Vegas trip?  No, I actually spent one of my first jobs.
  I was an intern for the HBO Comedy Festival and then they upgraded us to production assistants.
  They only ran two or three of them.
  It was just called the Comedy Festival and they would do it at Caesars.
  And so I stayed at Vegas.
  I lived at Vegas for like nine or ten days at Caesars.
  Had a badge.
  We ate in the employee cafeteria and stuff.
  And so, yeah, so that was very fun.
  So, but I mean, that was work, but we didn't have a lot of time off.
  Sure.
  Well, that sounds much more pleasant.
  Yeah.
  I've been to Vegas dozens and dozens of times.
  How many do you think?  Every time I'm there, I realize I can't count because it's a go-to trip with Erin and I.
  And her family.
  And I've done it for work wherein I went to Wayne Newton's house.
  I've been to Wayne Newton's estate where we filmed one shot of a weird like video game ad.
  And we got to his young children came out and were like, do you want to see his penguins?  And they were holding penguins as if they were babies.
  Oh my God.
  It was the strangest scenario.
  Did you hold a penguin?  I don't think I held the penguin, but I like watched a penguin in my head.
  Someone tell me if this is impossible that a penguin could be fed with a bottle.
  And they say it out loud.
  That doesn't seem right.
  No, no, I think I can see that.
  You think?  I could see that.
  Well, that may stick their beaks up.
  And a very young one.
  Yeah.
  Well, I may have watched the feeding of a penguin at Wayne Newton's house  and took photos and like his empty foyer.
  If you watch Vegas Vacation, like there's scenes shot in there and that's a room I was in.
  Until he showed up, I just had to myself.
  Aaron was there too and a couple other crew people.
  And that's wild.
  Yeah, that's some Vegas stuff.
  But I've been so, so many times and I don't even like all the stuff.
  I don't gamble.
  I don't drink insanely.
  I don't go to the firing range.
  I just like being there.
  I like dumb shows of Chris Angel, David Copperfield stuff I've seen lately.
  But I didn't really like Vegas growing up.
  I think my parents tried to do.
  I did MGM Grand, the theme park, but it was never our favorite.
  It wasn't my parents' favorite until I started going with Aaron.
  I didn't really dig it.
  But the first time we ever went together and the first trip we ever took together as a couple,  in fact, was in 2006 to the Las Vegas Hilton during which time the Star Trek experience was open.
  We did not go to the Star Trek experience.
  And it's funny, like we just remembered that and we're like,  how could that be?  Today we'd be all over that.
  And now it seems like that doesn't even sound like us to not go to the in the hotel Star Trek experience.
  It's right there that it's the hotel you stayed at.
  And did anyone find pricing for it?  I didn't really come across that.
  In my head it was a lot, but yeah, something like 30, 40 bucks.
  Okay, yeah.
  I mean, everything in Vegas is to a certain extent priced to move because they're competing rooms  and shows and stuff.
  I mean, Lady Gaga's residency, I had to look it up recently.
  Those tickets are 700 dollars.
  But the magic show like Copperfield has like 60 bucks.
  Yeah, you can get some cheap stuff.
  If you find some weird like little ticket zone, you can get stuff for cheap.
  We did not go.
  I think it was like the furthest out of my theme park orbit I ever was.
  And probably a new cool girl I'm dating.
  I'm not going to just like sew and throw all that shit at her.
  Do you know who Quark is?  And I still don't know who Quark is.
  So that's also part of that.
  I think I wasn't like my theme park gene was like at its most dormant and I'm not really  a Star Trek guy.
  We did, however, like our elevator up to the room, like the first time we went up there,  a just married Star Trek clad couple got in the elevator with us.
  Wow.
  Both in uniforms.
  One of them might have been a Klingon.
  Maybe one of them was feeding a penguin with a bottle.
  That's what's in all my memories.
  But yeah, it looms very large in the first trip we ever took together.
  And we go back, we went back there a few years ago just to like reminisce about that.
  And what's so odd is that even though there is like no, this thing is gone and has been  gone since 2008, 2009, still Star Trek, there's little clues everywhere.
  There's a wing of the casino that is still the theme to a spaceport.
  And on the outside of the building, and I think probably still to this day, I checked  Google Maps and it was true, the giant Star Trek emblem.
  Nobody bothered to take it down.
  Why not?  That seems like if you're going to disavow this attraction,  take off the like giant famous shape that's on the outside of your building.
  I mean, what happened after I think might have some answers to that because the people  who would go on to own this property.
  Oh, sure.
  What is this?  David.
  What is his last name?  Wait, who are you thinking?  I'm thinking the Queen of Versailles guy.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Well, now it is a Westgate hotel.
  Yeah, now it's a Westgate and David.
  What's his name?  It starts with a B.
  Yeah, if you've seen the documentary Queen of Versailles, which we probably have more  discussion about, but it's like that.
  It's a timeshare building now.
  David Siegel.
  David Siegel.
  The worst man in America.
  He explains everything.
  He ties together Bush and Trump and the financial collapse.
  Told his employees he would have to start laying people off if Obama gets elected.
  Like was trying to affect how his employees were voting in 2008.
  Oh, God.
  Oh, and wasn't he a guy, isn't it in the documentary that like he knew he's like,  we'll get this in the bag for you, Bush.
  He like knew somehow it was going to go that way.
  Oh, in 2000?  Yeah.
  Maybe he was part of rigging it in Florida, in the county where it mattered.
  Probably.
  He has more money than God.
  He has the biggest house built on like American soil, or at least it was for a short time,  but also incredibly cheap.
  Like he's stingy.
  Yeah, and a mean man who's bad to his children he doesn't want to have.
  It's really icky.
  And so yeah, that was the weirdest thing.
  Like, oh, remember when we stayed here and there was the Star Trek thing?  Oh, it's all still here.
  There's a whole wing of like slot machines that still looks like a spaceport.
  And the welcome set, like the preview center where you get timeshare presentations  is in a spaceport for no reason.
  And so like all the Westgate signage and like, you know, where you get the little stump speeches  and then a little store, what used to be the Star Trek gift shop is now full of Queen of  Versailles merchandise.
  They sell hot sauce and mints and it's presented like it's me, the Queen of Versailles,  like Paris Hilton, the simple life, like owning.
  Kind of a trashy diva.
  But like that documentary is very sad.
  It's not very sad.
  You know, yeah, the heights of luxury.
  So if you're going to Vegas, I'd recommend it to you.
  You might walk around the weird remnants of the Star Trek experience.
  The bathrooms have portholes and like weird little laser lines around the mirror.
  It's so, so weird.
  And yeah, anyway, I guess we should talk about what it was before.
  That's what it is today.
  Westgate vacations are a great deal for you and your family.
  Of course, they co-own the show now.
  So you'll be getting upsold on these podcasts as much as possible.
  Yeah.
  Time with your family is crucial.
  And if you don't do it now, you might die and never get to do it.
  So invest in your family and your future.
  You get to pay us on.
  You can't own property as easily.
  You can own this.
  Maybe I can see if I can buy the Star Trek insignia.
  Sure.
  We just give me a giant piece of plastic outside the hotel.
  It's weird that they didn't because there were a lot of auctions for things,  I think, after this or at least one.
  And it all disappeared.
  Yeah, which made it impossible to bring back.
  Anyway, before we talk about what became of it,  because that's all a weird, interesting mess too, let's talk about what it was.
  I mean, I explained it a little bit.
  This was this immersive Star Trek experience involved rides and restaurants.
  Although you know what?  There's this whole other thing.
  Did you guys look into what was originally supposed to be the first  Star Trek experience in Las Vegas?  Yes.
  Oh, the big enterprise?  The giant enterprise.
  OK, so the year is 1992.
  The strip is on the grow.
  There's the Mirage, there's the Luxor, there's the MGM Grand,  all of these family attractions that are heavily themed.
  Downtown Vegas, Fremont Street, is turning into a real shithole.
  That's sort of like former Vegas.
  It's not where families go.
  How can we balance these sides out?  So the main, like the people in charge of downtown put it out  to all these themed entertainment places.
  You know, what can we do?  What's what could be our the big thing that lures people in?  We know today that they settled on the world's dimmest screen,  which is now above Fremont.
  This bizarre, like a fading jumbotron that displays, you know,  top tier graphics circa 2005.
  But that was the second choice because what they wanted to do  was build a gigantic Star Trek enterprise that was so big.
  There's a little like chart that showed how big it was supposed to be.
  It was supposed to be as long as the Eiffel Tower is tall.
  It was taller than the pyramids of Giza.
  You'd be able to see it from the sky as you landed.
  This was going to be mammoth.
  And probably have stuff like the Star Trek experience inside,  like recreations of the decks and rides and restaurants and all that.
  And this seemed like a slam dunk done deal  until it went up to the CEO of Paramount, Stanley Jaffe.
  Also the Oscar winning producer of Kramer versus Kramer before that.
  Yeah, I believe he appears in the Robert Evans book,  Kid Stays in the Picture.
  I believe because I remember it was like the audiobook, Stanley Jaffe.
  That's that has a little Robert Evans.
  He ring, doesn't it?  Yeah.
  So they do this major pitch to him that has, by the way, the city has signed off.
  Vegas is like super excited about this.
  Everyone was except for Stanley Jaffe.
  Yes, who in the meeting, they present all of their diagrams and their videos  and everything that this is going to be and do for the city.
  And he says, well, this is all very nice and I like what you did.
  But here's where I'm coming from here at Paramount.
  If we release a movie and it bombs, you just shove it in a drawer and forget it ever happened.
  If I build a giant building and it bombs, it's there forever.
  I don't want to be the guy that approved this.
  And then it's a flop and sitting out there in Vegas forever.
  Which that'd be unprecedented that some Vegas thing didn't work out  and you just imploded or something.
  But he just walked out of the meeting.
  Very nice to meet you.
  That was the end of that.
  Never built.
  Well, that's it.
  The guy pitching it was Gary Goddard, who always seemed like a huckster piece of shit.
  And as we have now learned, he's also a creep piece of shit.
  And I'll let the listeners Google him.
  Creep might be an understatement.
  It's not quite.
  We talked about this, Jason, how Gary Goddard is like this ghost that has haunted the podcast.
  We've done a lot of topics where Gary Goddard was part of and we've discussed how do we address this  and do we discuss everything that happened with it.
  I don't want to die.
  I don't think the only thing we can say is fuck you, Gary Goddard.
  There's a special place in hell.
  Yes.
  It's a bummer.
  And if you just need a clue, he's a Brian Singer guy.
  He's one of his last projects with Brian Singer.
  Fill in the blanks.
  If you Google him, there's some very thorough articles.
  So it sucks.
  He was part of some amazing things and stuff that we've talked about at length  on this podcast.
  And it's such a bummer that we have to like.
  We like to talk about in years who did this and here's who did this.
  In this case, like, let's not give this guy credit.
  Let's erase his legacy because the things he should be known for  is being a creep piece of shit.
  Allegedly, allegedly, allegedly.
  If it is true.
  Now it's up to you to figure out.
  Do your own personal Gary Goddard or don't.
  Maybe don't.
  But anyway, so maybe that's good that it didn't work out because, you know, not a good.
  Yeah, I mean, look, there's unlike, you know, films, there's hundreds of people work on it,  but it's it's usually the director is the author.
  Some people think there's different schools of thought on that.
  But films usually associate with directors, themed entertainment.
  There's so much input from so many different avenues and different people behind it.
  Yeah, it's hard to say.
  There's just the one guy.
  Yeah, even stuff even like Tony Baxter of hundreds of people.
  Yeah.
  Attractions.
  We say like, oh, yeah, Tony Baxter ever saw this came up with these ideas.
  But yeah, there's hundreds and hundreds of people working on these things.
  That being said, let me give a little credit to the guy who built the world's dimmest screen,  what is now at Fremont Street.
  John Jertie, father of City Walk.
  Oh, yeah.
  He did the dim screen.
  He did the big dim screen.
  Yes.
  So much credit.
  Dimmest screen.
  Thank you for slightly brightening the Las Vegas sky.
  So it didn't work out.
  But then cut to 1996, the same dynamic is occurring with the Las Vegas Hilton because  the strip is booming.
  Families are going to the strip.
  The Las Vegas Hilton is not on the strip.
  It is now part of the monorail line, but it is separate from all that stuff.
  And it's kind of associated with old Vegas.
  Do you guys know much about the history of the Hilton for any particular reason,  or the big things that happened there?  I don't know.
  I don't think so.
  I didn't know any of this.
  Opened in 1969, it was called the International Hotel.
  First of all, it's not just a Benihana, something called the Benihana Village.
  What?  It's like an entire, yeah, maybe that's where you want to go.
  I think it's still there.
  Is that there?  Yeah, I guess so.
  Oh my god.
  It seems like, what's that Yamashiro that's up on the top of the Hollywood Hills?  It seems like where it's this little shrine, essentially, that you can explore.
  But it's ultimately for a Benihana.
  So check out Benihana Village.
  This thing opens in 1969.
  The first, and one of the big attractions of it, gigantic showroom.
  Because by that point, they're attract Vegas hotels are attracted in the Rat Pack.
  We want to have the biggest, best one.
  They got Barbra Streisand to be the first performer for a solid month.
  Second performer, Elvis Presley.
  And that's where Elvis played.
  Elvis in Vegas equals the Las Vegas Hilton, at least until his death.
  He did seven years, upwards of 600 shows.
  And that's when he lived in that hotel.
  And there was a suite called the Elvis Suite for a long time, until it got blown up.
  Because the wing got removed.
  Colonel Tom Parker lived in the Hilton for a long time.
  What hotel did Colonel Tom Parker live in, though?  He might have hopped from play.
  He might have also taken 10, 16 hours of sleep at night.
  Hey, just like Sloppy Telly.
  They will all be living in various hotels someday.
  We'll all just go visit each other.
  God willing.
  We're lucky.
  Pick one now.
  And then also, late 70s, early 80s, Liberace.
  Everything portrayed, the era portrayed in Buying the Candelabra is the Las Vegas Hilton.
  Late 80s, early 90s, Wayne Newton.
  So this is like above Vegas-y, Vegas place.
  But by the 90s, that is becoming passe and family entertainment is the new thing.
  So how do we compete?  And they compete by arranging a deal with Paramount and Cedar Fair for the Star Trek property.
  Wow.
  I didn't realize it.
  I was all in that.
  Hey, there's your Vegas factoids.
  And the only thing that still exists is the Benihana Village.
  Of all of this, yes.
  Interesting.
  Dreams have died and yet the Benihana Village remains.
  Yeah, that's right.
  This was an interesting holdover because Paramount Parks technically ran Star Trek The Experience.
  Then they got bought by Cedar Fair.
  Oh, is that what happened?  Cedar Fair even kept it going for a couple years longer.
  They did work out whatever licensing.
  And when Star Trek The Experience closed, it was supposed to reopen somewhere else.
  I believe at a mall called Neonopolis.
  I'll save Neonopolis stuff.
  I'll save it.
  Let's talk about the spaceships first.
  That's a whole thing too.
  This thing came out of the gate with a lot of hype.
  And I remember reading about it at the time and it sounded pretty insane.
  And how often do you see a freestanding themed experience?  It's not part of a park that has this hyped up or has this good of reviews.
  This level of coif detail.
  I remember reading about it and I will also say  I also did not go to the Star Trek The Experience.
  I was in Vegas for the first time ever in December of 2007.
  So I could have done it.
  Wow.
  I was a little bit as my theme park gene was a little dormant.
  It was probably a few months before I would get well,  I maybe had an annual pass already to Disneyland.
  But before I would start really reading up about stuff, I didn't even think about it.
  It breaks my heart.
  What a dark time for both of us.
  Everything's perfect now.
  We stayed at the MGM Grand.
  I don't even think we did anything silly.
  The first time I would have been there for that job was the fall of 2006.
  But I don't think I knew this existed.
  I think I had heard about it over the years, but I had assumed it had closed by this point.
  It was also a time, I guess, when I was always so to talk my Star Trek,  my relationship with Star Trek, I was a next generation kid.
  We were at the hospital.
  My sister had some stomach pain and they thought it might be like  appendicitis or something and it was not.
  It was everything was fine.
  But I remember watching Star Trek, the next generation for the first time on the TV in  the waiting room and being like, this is the coolest thing I've ever seen.
  And I wanted to live on the enterprise as a child.
  Like I wanted, I was so obsessed with the idea of getting my own little quarters  and the replicator and I could have whatever food I wanted.
  You're going to be a little Wheaton.
  I wanted to be a little Wil Wheaton.
  I wanted to be on the bridge.
  Actually, I think I didn't want to be on the bridge.
  I didn't want to like shoot.
  I didn't really want to shoot a phase.
  You don't have anything to do.
  Yeah, I don't want to be like visiting your dad who works there.
  Yeah, or like maybe work 10 forward with Guinan would be Goldberg.
  There's a large support staff.
  So I would.
  So that's what makes me more upset about this is that I wasn't even on my radar at the time  or I wasn't thinking about it or I just took it for granted that it would always be there.
  But this was Star Trek The Next Generation primarily.
  Quark's bar is from Deep Space Nine, which is a show I watched a little bit,  but I'm not way into it like I was Next Generation.
  It seems like it sort of transitioned you.
  Like the main experience was more next gen than anything and the ship was more next gen.
  Yeah, it was the NC 1701D, which is the proper ship from the TV show, not the movies.
  Because then they got they blew the ship, of course, famously blew up in Star Trek  Generations.
 They crash landed the ship on an alien planet and then they debuted.
  Forever?  Yeah, but then the NC 1701E was in first contact was the ship.
  And that was the ship they used the next gen cast used for the rest of their movies.
  But to be clear, Quark was Deep Space Nine, which was a space station, not a ship.
  Eventually, they added a ship in later seasons.
  Well, the Defiant was their like famous littler ship.
  Their little mission and like fights and stuff.
  And the second attraction added was Voyager was Star Trek Voyager based.
  Yeah, it had Captain Janeway, of course, from Star Trek Voyager, Kate Mulgrew,  which I honestly I watched a lot of Voyager as a kid for whatever reason,  next gen and Voyager were my two for whatever reason.
  Can I say mine?  Most of mine as a kid was watching the original show in syndication on TV in the summers.
  I like that next gen I would watch every now and then.
  And I remember when the action figures came out, but it never really like hooked me.
  I associate it with King's Dominion in Virginia because they had a presence,  a Star Trek presence in that park.
  What was it again?  Oh, we'll get to that in the Patreon.
  Don't worry.
  Oh, yeah.
 Okay.
 We'll do the ancillary Star Trek.
  That's right.
 Yes.
 Head over to the Patreon.
  But I was never I like next generation when I would see it.
  I never really hunted it out.
 I was much more of a Star Wars kid.
  I was way into this before Star Wars.
  My parents, my parents were not in either of these things.
  Not that they hated it.
 They like saw the first Star Wars.
  I was good.
 You know, maybe we'll see.
  Then maybe they saw the second one.
  Maybe.
 But that was it.
  So like I found all this stuff on my own.
  I'm more like them.
 I don't know.
  It all seems it all seems nice.
 It's too late for me now.
  I just saw a bunch of the movies hit the canopy.
  One of the library streaming service websites.
  I haven't really seen a lot of the movies.
  Have you seen any of the movies?  I've seen four.
 I've stolen Aaron's Star Trek trajectory,  which is she likes four because it has the whales.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 That's the one that we like.
  Chris Pine.
 I saw the first Chris Pine movie.
  So how many have you seen?  Of the movies?  Yeah.
  Just the first Chris Pine movie.
  Oh, that's it? Really?  That's it.
 Maybe other little clips on cable and stuff.
  We're going to stay here and I'm going to make you watch  Star Trek Generations where Picard and William Shatner  meet in Montana and chop wood together.
  And ride horses.
  The captains finally meet and what do they do?  They're in a little log cabin and then they like help each other on the farm.
  Seems like boringness is kind of built into this franchise.
  Yes.
  Because a lot of these early movies from what I've gathered are a little like turgid.
  Oh, yeah.
 The first movie is very boring.
  I like it, but it's very boring.
  And what J.
J.
 Abrams did and I like the first J.
J.
 Abrams movie and I kind of like the second one.
  What J.
J.
 did, unfortunately, was try to make Star Trek fun and cool and sexy and no.
  What are you doing, man?  The exciting stuff is supposed to be when they're all like 20s gangsters or like  Mark Twain shows up for a whole episode.
  Their idea for to boost, I mean, they did put a sexy lady on Star Trek Voyager,  but one of their other ideas to boost ratings was to regularly have a subplot where Catherine  Janeway would go talk to Leonardo da Vinci on the holodeck.
  That was when they built a big Leonardo da Vinci set and cast like an actor.
  So a big thing and they're like, oh, this is going to be good for the ratings.
  This is when we add Da Vinci as a recurring character.
  So like that is sort of what Star Trek is.
  I think there was a fan backlash when Seven of Nine who came onto the show.
  Seven of Nine was a Borg.
  Jerry Ryan played her, Jerry Ryan, a very tall, attractive woman,  and she was wearing like a bodysuit.
  So to get the ratings up in season three or four, it's like here's a sexy Borg lady.
  And the fans were pissed off.
  They were mad.
  They were mad about the sexy lady on the show.
  Now we're deep into like Hercules, Zena era.
  You got to show skin.
  And she just had a bodysuit on.
  It wasn't like she was Voyager.
  This was also the launch of UPN around this time, right?  Voyager was like the big thing helping launch UPN.
  So yeah, so Star Trek fans in general are like nothing sensational or interesting.
  We want dry diplomacy and that's sort of the fun of it.
  So while I do like the JJ movies, I do think that a big part of Star Trek is dry, boring diplomacy  and ethics, a lot of ethics.
  A lot of ethics.
  I like that.
  I mean, the first series.
  Tea, he drinks a lot of Earl Grey tea, right?  The first series I will say with Gene Roddenberry is a little sexier.
  Shatner is a very like horny captain and women are in the skirts and like there's a very kind of  swing and 60s kind of vibe.
  There's some like guest babes that show up from different planets.
  And there's weird horny stuff on all of them.
  And Spock, Spock has weird like.
  Ponfar is, yeah, every seven years.
  Do you know about this, Scott?  No.
  Every seven years, Vulcan's mate and they get insane.
  There's like a couple of weeks or whatever where they get insane.
  So you got to like steer clear of them when they're horny.
  They're very emotional because they're normally not emotional.
  Right, so they let all their emotions out in that moment.
  That's like when the Amish people like go experiment.
  Yeah, it's like Rob Spring, yeah.
  Oh, I like the term, wow.
  Data has sex in one of the first few seasons or first season, I forget if second season.
  He has sex and he tells, he tells, who does he have sex with?  Tasha Yar or something that he's fully functional, which is gross.
  Meaning that like data is creator Dr.
 Noonian Song.
  He created data and then had to work very hard on his penis.
  Like he had to work very hard on this robot penis that's fully functional.
  You're gesturing like you have tools, like a little hammer and chisel.
  Right.
  You had a little checklist, it's like all right, language, check, morals, check, ethics, check,  dorking dong, check.
  And it has to change because data is not walking around with a boner the whole time.
  So it has to move.
  Like he made it move somehow realistically.
  This creepy old doctor or a scientist who made data.
  Which to invent technology that can be small and then spring up and be hard and long,  that's difficult.
  It seems like it would be.
  And that it's got to tie into your brain mechanisms and something has to trigger it.
  Yeah.
  The human anatomy is incredibly complex.
  Like they say the iris is like the most intense lens and so like they'll never be able to  perfectly replicate like the human eye lenses.
  It sounds intense, but not as intense as manufacturing the boner.
  Dr.
 Song, I don't know.
  We don't know if he perfected the boner though.
  He might've just gotten like a version one.
  It might have just been like two modes.
  You also get into does it work?  Does data feel pleasure or does it work?  It works more for the partner.
  Well, data well, famously data did not have emotions for the run of the show.
  Dr.
 Noonan Song created an emotion ship that was not fully working yet and it was too much.
  And data finally fully put it into his brain and Star Trek Generations.
  And it fucked him up.
  He got so scared.
  He'd let Geordi be captured by Malcolm McDowell, Dr.
 Sohran.
  So don't have emotions ever is the moral of this.
  And he also was trying.
  He'd always was trying to grasp humor.
  You know data.
  He was trying to figure it out and it was always coming.
  He was always looking like a fool because he would make a joke that wasn't funny.
  So anyway.
  He started just saying is this humor and pointing to his boner.
  Well, he'd be right.
  Yes, actually.
  You've got it.
  My God.
  Riker would have liked that.
  Maybe Bucard would have thought that was not cool.
  So anyway, I was obsessed.
  I was obsessed with this.
  So this is again why this breaks my heart so much is that it was at the enterprise from next  generation.
  And do you watch a video of this and go by God, they nailed it.
  They kind of did.
  It seems like it.
  Yeah, because like I would really like a big maybe complaint I would have as a kid that I  wouldn't really complain about would be that you couldn't sit in the room in Peter Pan on  the ride.
  You couldn't actually kind of walk around.
  You were on a path and you didn't quite get to make it your own little experience.
  It was great.
  But I think part of me was always like I'd like to walk around in these settings on the  rides.
  So especially to be on the actual bridge and be in the turbo lift and walk down the  hallways look exactly right.
  That was a fantasy of mine as a child would have been unbelievable.
  And it's kind of cool that you're being guided around by different crew members who can  seemingly shape the experience a little bit depending on their performance and that it's  very like here come this way.
  It seems to when you watch videos of this, it seems to have like a like a haunt quality  a little bit and where it's confusing in there and here follow me.
  But then they might be wrong and something might happen to them.
  It definitely isn't like star tours you get in a line and now it's time to get on the  ship and like you're not cut loose.
  But there's a little more of that feeling.
  So the main ride when it first opened was the Klingon encounter.
  Right.
  But it was not called that at the time.
  Until there was a divider until they opened the second one.
  It was just called.
  That was the Star Trek experience.
  But now it's the Klingon encounter.
  This is a very interesting concept for this because it acknowledges that the guests are  20th century people.
  Normally I would be against it but I think it does it in such a fun way.
  Yeah I like it.
  I like it too.
  Because at first I would be like well it's better if you just you're in that century  as well and you're recruits or something.
  And this was apparently a rewrite done by writers on next generation.
  Yes.
  There was I forget what writer was but somebody was trying to write it and they were like how  do you do this because there's a simulator that happens.
  How do you write a simulator?  Did you see this?  Yeah.
  How do you write a simulator ride?  And then they're like we're going to Disneyland.
  And they just went down to Disneyland and did star tours.
  For research and then went back to the boring room and wrote the thing.
  And that's what's something that's cool about it is that it plays with your expectations  of what you expect out of a ride.
  And like what I was saying that you end up with a little more freedom and it's more of  a customized experience.
  But they like they presented initially and forgive me I didn't see like video of this  part but it seems like you were brought into a room where it's a lot more it's spelled out  you're going on a simulator.
  Yeah they have like a junkie simulator.
  I think I've heard Tony Baxter talk about it.
  Like he was lined up and he goes oh and it looks exactly like star tours and I think  he was saying he was rolling his eyes like oh here we go.
  And you're watching a video.
  Yes.
  It is very much the star tours video same angles you watch people get on it like you  know it seems a little funny or something like they're you know like as you board and  you're putting belongings under your chair but then it starts to flicker out.
  And any video I saw I don't think does it justice to what the effect is.
  No I don't I don't have a good sense of how this work but it sounds so cool.
  Yeah so basically they're simulating you getting beamed up to the enterprise.
  I think what so the lights would go out and then like walls would be removed essentially  so you would be in the transporter room and there would be some sort of flickering light  and noise that would sort of disorient you a little bit and then all of a sudden you  were in a different room.
  Yeah.
  Which yeah everyone describes it as being like very magical like they did a very good  job of making you kind of think like what I'm not that you were actually being transported.
  But it doesn't seem like people know like it was like it was a total surprise to you.
  And the idea of them like playing with the trope of all right the video yeah I get it  and then like nope wrong that is not what this is.
  That's great.
  Even though later there is a simulator.
  Yes.
  But by that point they have like there's so much more of an exciting experience leading up to it  and it just goes to show they convey the feeling of like this isn't a ride you're in it.
  It's pretty yeah it's really cool.
  I have to say there's a pretty good ride through video online of the full experience  of both experiences.
  And to me it seems like because it's it's decent quality footage and what what I read I would guess  that it was either officially made or from what I had seen it was cast members who knew  it was going away and were trying to preserve it.
  Yeah.
  Because like it's got like a steady cam.
  It's got a steady cam and like there are no they were going in crazy angles and stuff and like it  looks pretty good.
  So preserved in a way that a lot of non Disney and even some older Disney stuff is not preserved  on YouTube.
  So yeah now you're on the bridge is that correct.
  Yeah that's why I was maybe I'm a little confused was it in the transporter room and then you walk  to the bridge or no the first experience was you just ended up on the bridge and you were in the  I think maybe and somebody just starts talking to you and explains that you're in the year  2371 now.
  That's the first version.
  At least as far as we know there's not like a really like solid video of this.
  But the Borg one I think maybe you end up in the transporter room first.
  Okay.
  That comes later.
  Sure.
  No I think this one you start you start in the transporter room because she's like this is going  to sound crazy but here's the deal and then she takes you to the bridge.
  That's what I thought but I can't tell if they changed that a little later.
  But yeah you've been you've been beamed into what you call the future.
  You're in the 24th century.
  Right.
  And pretty quickly there is a video with Riker.
  Yes video of Riker and he explains about the whole narrative right.
  He's the one who says the he kind of sets it up.
  Yeah him him and LeVar.
  So what Jonathan Frakes and LeVar Burton both in this thing.
  So you got real actors.
  And this is yeah and this is right after the show is over because the show or no a couple  years after the show is over because the first movie comes out in like 96.
  Yeah.
  So and then Riker explains to you he's the one who explains about one of you being Picard's  relative right.
  Yes one of you is which is the early it's a precursor to the rebel spy.
  Oh yeah.
  If you think about it because they're saying well they except they don't say who it is.
  So they say one of you is a long lost relative of Captain Picard and you are targeted by what's  is the Klingon who's blanking on your death.
  Corath.
  Thank you.
  Corath wants to kill you because if you don't exist then Captain Picard won't exist and  obviously like that's very important to keeping maybe the Klingons at bay.
  I guess they think that'll be crazy.
  They think that like if Picard is gone then the Klingons will reign which I don't know  that the logic of that holds up but fine.
  It's a killing baby Hitler scenario.
  Yeah.
  By killing you your baby Hitler to them or like the or the baby Hitler's  grandfather or mother.
  Right.
  Different timeline rules than Avengers Endgame which creates an offshoot.
  I can't explain the timeline.
  The timeline was actually one of the strongest explanations of time travel  and or the way timelines theoretically may work.
  It I thought it was really simple.
  Really?  They did it really quickly.
  I was confused.
  It was just anytime someone goes back in time and does something that affects stuff it creates  another timeline.
  But unless you put everything back in the right place.
  Unless you put everything back yeah that seems more like set up for future stuff so I don't  know what that is.
  I mean I like timelines I just think that it was a little confusing.
  But this is operating on back to the future rules where if you.
  There's only one time.
  But Picard is missing because you've been transported it's been explained.
  The instant that you were beamed onto the ship Picard disappeared thus nicely justifying why  Patrick Stewart does not appear in this ride.
  You're right.
  Not that he didn't want to.
  He would have loved to do it.
  It's just the narrative wasn't there.
  Yeah a little bit of narration at the end a little bit of voiceover.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  That's true.
  Which is a nice little because I wasn't even sure if he.
  He did that on the phone from a resort somewhere.
  Kate Mulgrew does not appear in the other one either.
  Right.
  But she chimes in at the end.
  I'm now flashing to like if you scanned the room for wait someone in this room is an ancestor  of Picard and you're scanning the room it's a bunch of dumpy Vegas people and then in the back  a very tall handsome bald man.
  Who could it be?  There should have been a plant every time of like a very handsome bald man.
  An ancestor you say.
  Sir what's your name?  Fred Picard.
  Well we must protect you at all costs.
  What's who are they talking about?  Then like a Klingon slices his throat.
  Oh you're free to go then.
  All right enjoy the slots shrimp cocktails available.
  That's right.
  Guess aren't just from the 20th century.
  They're from 20th century Las Vegas.
  Yeah specifically Vegas.
  Specifically Vegas.
  I like this as somebody who does think well how come in Star Trek or not start I'm confusing  them all in Star Tours.
  How is it that I'm leaving from some spaceport because I was just at Disneyland a second ago.
  Now would I like the ride better if we left from Tomorrowland?  I don't know maybe honestly I like it.
  But it's the only maybe the only ride where you do actually leave from where you started.
  And then end up exactly I mean I guess soaring you end up in Disney World.
  Disneyland and Disney World.
  Yeah true.
  Oh yeah yeah yeah.
  So that's that's the other one I guess.
  But in this one you do you start there and then you end up there.
  And there's fun like Vegas visual hijinks.
  Yeah yes which is a lot of fun.
  So it does have some really good logic.
  So I guess in the logic though Quarks Bar is a Vegas attraction with people dressed as the aliens.
  I think this is correct because I watched a video you can watch a video that was I think on a Star  Trek Voyager DVD that shows all of the amenities.
  It's almost like they're just pitching it to you like you can have a corporate event here.
  But they go into Quarks Bar for a while in that video and there is a part where they say  we just got the word from the 24th century Janeway has conquered the borg.
  We thought what do we do with him so we ground him up and put him on the menu.
  And that's why they serve hamburgers at Quarks Bar.
  From that yes the mythology is you are eating borg meat that was exported back in time 500 years.
  Also borg are humans often.
  Oh yeah.
  Borg are off are assimilated alien races which most of them are all humanoid if not all.
  I don't think I've actually can think of one that's not at least a humanoid.
  So you're eating humans and aliens.
  Humans and metal.
  Humans and metal yeah and yeah implant metal implants and yeah.
  And tribbles because you're eating triple tenders.
  So yeah you're eating I mean that's a little less weird because they  they you know they don't think seemingly.
  Well they eat a little bit.
  I guess a little yeah.
  But a little not so much.
  It's more like eating a dog.
  It's like eating a dog.
  Oh good.
  But yeah you're eating a yeah a human.
  I hope they're like if you know what's the equivalent in Star Wars if you're like what a Lando burger.
  Yeah it's him.
  It would be or like it would be oh here here's what it would be it would be  Django Fett burgers because Django was cloned to make storm troopers famously in the prequels.
  It's all supposedly all of the storm troopers are Django Fett.
  Oh so if you had a Django Rito.
  Yes.
  That would be a tortilla in which the innards are Django Fett's body.
  Yeah the clone army is all Django Fett by the time they get to storm troopers I think they've  started recruiting.
  Oh wait that's fair yeah you're right so in the prequels basically yeah yeah and then by the time  New Hope rolls around I'm sure there's a few Django's hanging around.
  Oh yeah I bet we'll find out the answer on the Mandalorian coming to Disney Plus soon.
  I bet we won't.
  No you don't think.
  Maybe we will IG 88 is in the trailer though.
  That's fun yeah.
  I do think you would like Star Trek more than Star Wars.
  Maybe.
  I think it's junkier it's cheaper it's less exciting which I think is appealing to you.
  So potentially.
  I think there's I think there's stuff in there you would like I'm not saying like you're going  to become a Trekkie but I think there's stuff in there that you would very much appreciate.
  Well I know 60s I would 60s Star Trek I'd probably appreciate in like a Twilight Zone  kind of way where it's these like little allegorical tales.
  Well and certainly Jean-Luc Picard enjoys a fine bottle of wine much like yourself.
  Yes that's true.
  Sure that's true.
  If I can just watch a guy kind of like in a nice chair swivel a drink around.
  Oh sure.
  Yeah and he's not a he's not an action captain.
  Picard Picard was a very like he would have the away team do his his dirty work.
  Wow I just get to like hang out in his study and watch him learn about history.
  Uh-huh in his ready room.
  Oh but the only issue is he doesn't he really like Gilbert and Sullivan.
  Everyone on Star Trek loves Gilbert and Sullivan.
  There is a scene.
  Just like there in Sorkin shows.
  Yes.
  The one big thing in common.
  I will give JJ Abrams credit because in in 2009 Star Trek it has sabotage playing from by the  Beastie Boys and it does make sense that people would be listening to music that happened after  1930 because that had not happened in Star Trek yet where it's like everyone likes there's a  scene in Star Trek 9 I believe or 10 no I think it's 9 where to jog data's memory Picard starts  singing Gilbert and Sullivan.
  It's the opening of the movie I believe with like and it's insane it's insane.
  That's like a running thing through Aaron Sork through like West Wing and Studio 60 is like  Gilbert and Sullivan route and that's truly what like uh hoity-toity like this is what smart people  think is funny and it's it's fine it's its own little thing but it's it's not fun.
  One of my favorite things about Cap maybe my favorite thing in Captain Marvel was the scroll  makeup.
 Yeah.
  Because it looked like junkie next generation aliens.
  Yeah I like that.
  I am just I love so much.
  Oh it's a little like sloppy.
  Yeah and he's like the suit is a little it's a Ben Mendelsohn and he's like real clunky in the  suit and like it's real fun and there's a point and it's kind of out of tone of the movie but he  like takes a drink from like a soda cup that's an alien and I'm like oh this is good I like this.
  Sounds like Game of Thrones now.
  Is he drinking Starbucks now?  I'll recommend you an episode or two where there's a lot of aliens.
  By the way are you guys excited for JJ Abrams reboot of the HMS Pinafore?  Are you really gonna make it more populous?  It's just called Pinafore.
  Oh I like it.
  Yeah.
  Got a lot more stunts now.
  A lot of lens flare.
  Okay so yeah in your crew is an ancestor of Picard you gotta stay away from the Klingons who they  call in and yell at you Korath.
 Korath is played by Von Armstrong who so Korath is in other things  but Von Armstrong is in many Star Trek shows seemingly.
  Yes.
  And also just really fast he is in an episode of the show Eagle Heart directed by our friend Jason  Wallner the episode Tramps.
 I'm just gonna leave this as a clue to anyone listening just watch  find the episode Tramps of Eagle Heart it is very relevant to our interests and theme parks and I  don't want to spoil it.
  And Von is the father of Jace Armstrong a guy we know.
  What? Oh I still remember that.
  Did you not know that?  No.
  You didn't know that?  I did not.
  Wow.
  So she produced anything on Nathan for you among other things and performed at UCB.
  Yeah Jace is an improv guy very funny guy and a friend of ours.
  His dad is Von Armstrong.
  It seemed like Von Armstrong also on Decker so he's on like all the funny shows.
  Yeah he's on he holds some sort of Star Trek record of like most of guest stars appearances.
  He's been on the most series.
  And has like different characters and stuff.
  Wow.
  And he does all the cons and stuff.
  Yeah he does the con circuit.
  Wow I'm so glad I brought up his name.
  That's crazy.
  Yeah.
  Very cool.
  Look up Eagle Heart Tramps Von Armstrong is great in this.
  He's it's a fun Klingon performance because you can't really bring it to be a Klingon.
  You need the most like just screamy, yelly, scene chewing.
  It's a lot of fun.
  Maybe that's what I'm gonna look up.
  I need to look up Korath episodes.
  I'm not sure where Korath might be a Deep Space Nine or a Voyager.
  I'm not totally sure.
  Years later I'm for whatever reason now there's a Star Trek fan yelling at me and being like  you're a fraud because I can't think of what episode Korath is on.
  There's a lot of great Klingon characters.
  Christopher Lloyd plays a Klingon in Star Trek 3.
  Oh.
  Which is really great.
  And then Christopher Plummer plays a Klingon in 6.
  Really?  So you got a bunch of great character reactors.
  I think my way in is Korath because I love theme park specific characters  and if I could get more sweet sweet Korath that's my in.
  But he explains like we gotta get you guys back to your time.
  We're gonna try to lose the Klingons in a nearby nebula.
  Seems like a good plan to me if there is one nearby.
  And at this point you're like that's where you are ushered to the real ship that is not a  simulator because we dealt with that.
  This is where now in a real spaceship.
  And during which you watch a different pre-ride video but this one's more futurey.
  And when it starts it's in the wrong language and Jordy who's doing the narration  has to flip it into English and like ah there we go.
  Right.
  Which is a fun little moment.
  I just want to say Korath first appears on the ride and then does show up.
  He was in the ride first?  Yes.
  Yes that's the best combo.
  If you take ride mythology and take it into a show or a movie.
  And then he was on Voyager and they brought Korath back.
  Korath back yeah.
  All right I'm looking up Korath.
  Jace was a full producer on Nathan for you.
  Hey all right good work.
  Yeah great.
  Good show.
  Hey here's something it's not good do you know the name of the ship that you get on  in the in the.
  Yeah the goddard.
  It's called the goddard.
  It's the goddard.
  Fuck you goddard.
  Fuck you.
  Stop putting your stamp on everything.
  So that's not good but the video is fun.
  And then the ride itself it's more like back to the future.
  Than Star Tours in that there is a screen that is stationary and separate from the vehicle  that you're on.
  But the vehicle itself is like it's like it's like if Star Tours had a open roof.
  It was a convertible.
  And it shakes around and gets like a pretty severe degree of motion.
  It seems like it could do a lot.
  But it's sort of a more back to the future ride vibe.
  I don't have a lot to say about the ride itself.
  It does the ride seems a little more like CGI goopy.
  Yes.
  But it seems plenty neat though.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  And like a fun little like action thing to end.
  Yeah.
  Absolutely.
  Yeah.
  You go through a wormhole.
  I forget everything that happened on the way.
  But you're like being you're running around.
  They built so many corridors and the square footage of this thing is massive.
  The turbo lift I think there's a little scene in that too as well.
  Like that you got it under attack and it like shakes.
  And like that's a whole different.
  Sort of like Journey to the Center of the Earth.
  I was going to say yeah like Journey to the Center of the Earth.
  Yeah.
  Shaking elevator.
  And that's all and it's all crazy like and then and then doors open and then another person like  okay now you got to get over here.
  They create this frenzy that is a lot of fun.
  Yeah.
  And a little confusing.
  What direction am I going now?  Yeah it is a haunt.
  It is a haunt.
  Mm hmm.
  It's like and then they make it more of a haunt.
  And I wonder how similar Rise of the Resistance especially is going to be to this.
  Well we I mean we know kind of how what the gist is for it and it's very similar.
  It's in different orders I think of what happens.
  When it opens in 2025.
  Spoiler alert though you get on some sort of a ship first that sounds like a platform much like  the elevator or something where you're all standing in a ship and it shakes a little bit but you're  like seeing a screen.
  It's the first thing I went to when it was said like it's a ride but also there's these other parts.
  Yeah.
  That sounds like Star Trek experience to me.
  Yeah and then you get off that.
  Walked in another queue and then you get on the official like ride vehicle.
  But I think there's fun nonsense to be had in between everything and.
  Yeah.
  Unlike Star Trek experience it doesn't seem like Rise of the Resistance will take you ultimately  to modern Las Vegas.
  Yes.
  No.
  Because you go back through time.
  You go back in time to your time.
  But you didn't lose the Klingons.
  No they followed you.
  So you're avoiding a Klingon ship but over current strip.
  You started Excalibur.
  You soar over MGM Grand.
  There's an MGM Grand marquee where you can see a sign for FX which I'm so I need to look into this.
  It was some show that like who's in it Michael Crawford and David Cassidy.
  It's some weird like futuristic magic show that seems insane.
  It was at the MGM Grand forever.
  Oh man we need to find that.
  There's yeah.
  Oh you know what similar to that also long time residency at the  Las Vegas Hilton Starlight Express.
  Wow.
  The train musical.
  Of course.
  Yes.
  And yeah like on a massive scale.
  Yeah.
  Which it has to be to fit all those roller skaters.
  Such a perfect Vegas musical.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We'll get to wait.
  Yeah.
  We'll do Starlight Express.
  If anybody's excited about Starlight Express it's coming.
  I am.
  Yeah.
  So MGM Grand marquee you also see an ad for a Mike Tyson fight and I looked it up and this  would have opened in the precise window when Mike Tyson was banned from fighting because  he bit off Holyfield's ear.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  At the MGM Grand I believe.
  So incorrect.
  Got to dock points there.
  You could not have seen a Mike Tyson fight.
  Right.
  Impossible.
  You also you pass by my favorite part you pass by a different marquee for another hotel  that is advertising a concert by the Moody Blues.
  This is in a ride.
  Nice.
  Thus making it the first of two Moody Blues related theme park attractions.
  Right.
  Second being the Knights in White Saffron ride.
  I had no idea what a pioneer this was.
  Wow.
  More Moody Blues interactive content please.
  Video games avoid.
  It's up to them.
  Use your property wisely.
  TV shows based on their songs.
  Absolutely.
  Show for each song.
  Yes.
  Disney Plus.
  Get on it.
  Buy the Moody Blues.
  You own so many great properties.
  Buy the Moody Blues.
  JJ Abrams reboot just called Satin.
  That's a number one thing he gets in there.
  He shaves off words.
  That's his home renovation style.
  And then you end up back at the Las Vegas Hilton which really makes me smile.
  You're just looking at like a hotel brand name in this ride and then you crash into the sign.
  Very important they say we're going to get you back to those simulators.
  Remember that you're about to get on we're going to take you back there  and then you crash into the Hilton sign and because by then Back to the Future ride has happened  it's very important that you just crash into logos that you recognize.
  But why would they not like lower you.
  You would have to fuck up the hotel.
  It should be a gentle landing.
  Yeah.
  But that's fine.
  It's fun we know.
  But then you're like traveling down the shaft and that's when you hear the voice of Picard  and you know that he has been restored to the timeline.
  The ancestor is safe and he is safe.
  And he says a funny little monologue the part of which the gist is  only one of you is my ancestor but each of you guards the future.
  So funny.
  Yeah.
  So silly.
  And I just hope that ancestor has a good life.
  I wish the Picard bloodline a happy history.
  I like the idea that Picard has so many different relatives that there's just one in each group.
  Just by the way it breaks down.
  Oh yeah.
  Every single tourist group.
  Yeah well we're talking like 200 a day.
  Yeah.
  Yep every day 365.
  Some horny Picard was past Picard was getting busy all over the nation.
  Yeah.
  Another great thing after you leave is that the TV's were playing  a news report of UFO sightings over Las Vegas.
  What I didn't know that.
  Yeah.
  So you would get like a little thing that was I don't know if it was at the bar it would just  say like you know unknown objects or yeah we're flying over Las Vegas.
  That's so fun that's like the Men in Black ride.
  Yeah.
  There's like a blackout and you justify oh here's what this was and.
  Yeah that's a very fun detail.
  Really fun.
  Wow this is great.
  Yeah.
  Fun experience.
  The only yeah the only thing I would prefer Quarks bar to be real but that's minor  because people were dressed up as like Ferengi and.
  Yeah so why is that then why is there a Ferengi walking around.
  Right I guess that's just like this is the fun goo fever and these are actors and they're dressed  up as these alien characters.
  Sure sure but yeah you're led into the well at this point it's you go through the history of  the future museum which has a bunch of Star Trek or like memorabilia probably the largest  standing collection of Star Trek memorabilia.
  There's a lot of like boring details in the video of like this wasn't on camera  but it's a replica it is photo ready but it was not photographed.
  Right this feels like this feels like what you would expect the experience to be you'd expect  a Vegas Star Trek thing to be like you walk through and there's some props and there's a video.
  And it's only that sure.
  It's that there's a Marvel thing now in Vegas that I know has like some like Hulkbuster suit  or whatever but I feel like that will be underwhelming.
  Who is the spooling that doesn't seem like.
  Yeah and it's like there's an interactive games for kids and I'm like these games will not be fun  for man in his 30s.
  I guess I'll have to go to.
  I will give you money but I won't fully enjoy it.
  I want fun for all ages.
  Not only I guess we should back up and say that it's in 2004 they added a second attraction.
  Oh yes the Borg invasion 40 and I don't know a lot about this I watched a video it's a  little harder to ascertain what's going on but feel free.
  Yeah I mean this is I mean it's it's very similar to the thing to the other one so they basically  it seems like they peeled off two of the bridges or two of the excuse I'm trying to remember  they basically whatever the capacity for the Klingon version of it was.
  It took some of it away.
  Take two of them away and made them the Borg so there would be two different versions you could  go on it would be the Klingon version and the Borg version and the Borg version was  a true haunt.
  Yeah this is unnerving.
  Yeah this is like true like this is Horror Nights it's not fully well maybe it's close.
  I mean it's scary cast members get assimilated you know cast members get assimilated so let's  talk quickly about the Borg.
  10 minutes later.
  Hour later.
  The Borg scared the shit out of me as a kid I was so goddamn scared of the Borg of all the bad guys  on the show.
  What's the Borg?  So the Borg are basically like robot men essentially robot men and women so they have like  weird do you know what they look like?  Yeah yeah I watched it.
  Okay so you know they have things over their eyes with little like lights and basically  basically what will happen is if a Borg beams onto the ship you can shoot them with your phasers  like for a couple seconds and then they assimilate to the frequency and then there's  like a little shield so they keep assimilating and changing and then basically if they get to  you it's like a zombie or a vampire and they just put their little hands that have little  tendrils and they just go into your neck and they start assimilating you.
  They're parasites.
  They're like techno parasites.
  So it's a zombie thing happening too.
  Zombie thing and then they put like they fully assimilate you on their Borg cube which is a  scary cube ship.
  I was scared of the ship.
  And that's in the ride or the 4D experience.
  In the ride.
  And then on their ship it's a very like dark and like just like platforms and these like  charging stations for the new Borg so like there's just people kind of like this like  zombies or mummies essentially and they're like charging them up as they fully become Borg.
  This is cool.
  This sounds very scary.
  It's very cool very scary.
  Picard famously was assimilated in one of the episodes at the  Best of Both Worlds is the episode.
  Am I wrong about that?  Am I going to get yelled at?  Let me just look that up.
  You better drop everything and find out.
  Wait wait what happens to him?  He gets assimilated and then how do they?  So that's it's a cliffhanger.
  They end the season with Picard assimilated.
  Oh no what a great cliffhanger.
  Riker has to figure out if it's worth going in to save Picard or not because this could  be a bad idea so of course they ultimately decide to do it and they get him back and  then they follow this plot thread through for Star Trek First Contact which Picard is like  haunted by the Borg and they introduce the Borg Queen which is a very sexy character,  very horny character and to tie it into theme parks highly influenced by Angelica Houston  from Captain EO.
  You think influenced by?  100%.
  Wow.
  She has.
  She shows up in this.
  She shows up in the Borg invasion.
  Oh that's that like.
  That's the villain.
  Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
  The Borg Queen.
  So it's like half she's like half body and she comes down when there's all these things.
  Oh yeah.
  Like it's 100% Captain EO.
  All right there we go.
  There's a tie in there and so they follow that plot thread through into that movie.
  Okay.
  So the idea of being in a place where the Borgs are following you.
  Being in a place where the Borg I think especially me in 2007 maybe I wasn't ready to handle it  honestly because I'm such a such a brave man now.
  In 2007 maybe I would have been too scared to confront the Borg.
  I think I can now.
  So the premise of this is that you have been taken on to the the medical bay  of the Deep Space Nine station and the doctor what is the doctor's name?  Just the doctor.
  I mean he eventually gets a name but he's mostly it's the doctor he's a hologram.
  Oh.
  He's played by Robert Picardo another great character actor.
  He's a great character he's just very funny in this and he's like we think  you all seem to have the genes that can like counteract the Borg infections so we may be able  to figure out some sort of antidote from you and then.
  We have that and we're Picard's ancestors?  Well it's different.
  It's different.
  It's different.
  Because they're like separate I think they're self-contained stories.
  Okay.
  Oh no certainly but positive you did them both back to back.
  Good point.
  Good science.
  That's funny who does it.
  Someone might.
  He's a Picard ancestor who's an anti-Borg.
  So then of course the Borg shows up because they can't have any of that and then  they start attacking the ship and suck the wing you are in onto the Borg ship and then  they come and save you.
  And you're going through like corridors again but this time they're lit much scarier  it's a lot more it's got it's a much more of like a scary Dalyan vibe and you end up ultimately  seeing a 4D movie that ties the plot up.
  Yeah.
  But until that point yeah you end up like you're being chased by a couple of them.
  Crew members get yeah taken over by them.
  Whoa a person gets sucked into the ceiling that looks awesome.
  They're on a.
  Easy looking.
  Yeah they're on like a little lift essentially and then they get like taken into the ceiling  there's another person I think gets pulled into the wall  there's a couple there's another effect like that too.
  A lot of red shirts eating it.
  Famously the red shirts in Star Trek always die.
  Oh okay but like the generic people that you know.
  Yes.
  Really now yeah okay.
  That was mostly on the first series and then they of course I think they sent it up in the  first JJ Star Trek.
  Something like that.
  There's like a red shirt guy he like dies immediately.
  Okay.
  He like jumps off I think it's when they skydive off of that giant drill.
  Yeah he eats it.
  I want to watch all of these things so bad right now.
  I'm so excited I want to watch the JJ one I want to watch all of next gen.
  I'm getting so excited.
  We're gonna have to pause and watch eight movies and then keep going pause and.
  Okay we're back.
  So and then what like this also was a little similarly without being there it was really  hard to gather what Borg 4D the movie was all about.
  Yeah it seems a little like wonkier graphic wise than the other thing.
  Yeah the other thing I think is probably a better the Klingon version I think is probably  better but.
  If you consider this like here's a B not a B ticket a D ticket as opposed to it.
  This is a major E ticket attraction.
  This is Monsters After Dark Guardians of the Galaxy.
  This is just a little bit of an extra fun theory.
  Yeah side attraction yeah but it's cool seems cool.
  It's very cool this was in 2004 right we said that.
  So that that they're still adding stuff and that to the Museum of the Future they're  updating it to acknowledge Voyager and Enterprise that even more that even later on.
  Right.
  Newer show.
  It feels like they're I mean Star Trek was on the way out a little bit at this point  but it does feel like there was just a rights situate like a deal hadn't been reached.
  It feels like there was a chance they could have.
  Well that's what they wanted it to try and get it reopened somewhere else in 2009 to  coincide with the Chris Pine movie.
  Right.
  And that got pushed back and then in 2011 they were finally just like we lost.
  It's not happening.
  Yeah it seems unclear why it stopped happening at the Hilton specifically.
  It seemed like it seemed like it was just like allusions to like Cedar Fair said that  the Hilton did not meet the terms of the contract.
  Maybe they weren't pumping in as much money as they needed to be or keeping it up or  there was just some maintenance issue and Cedar Fair maybe thought we could get this  moved elsewhere and keep the quality high.
  Right.
  But unfortunately they took it to a place called Neonopolis which is I think I could  be wrong about this I think oddly my guess is that this is a strip mall that was built on the land  that was intended for the Enterprise back in 92 or at least around there kind of at the end of  Fremont Street.
  Right.
  And I got interested in Neonopolis a couple years ago and like oh I should go walk around there and  I started walking up to it and it was as if meth zombies were like coming out of it.
  It was exactly like the Borg now that you say it.
  It was I feel like there was literally mist and then they start just like lurching forward.
  It felt very video gamey like what's that?  Is that a friend?  No no kill it.
  It was so scary instantly it's like really it's the end of where Vegas is an acceptable place to be.
  And so this is a mall that does exist there's stuff there they got that novelty heart attack  grill you know where you get weighed and they you're in a hospital gown and I think there's a  thing there's a waitress thing there too like they put it mean yeah like this is like I'm gonna put a  needle in your butt.
  Everything's famously unhealthy and I think oh if you're over a certain number of pounds you can  eat for free.
  Jason would you let a woman put a needle in you at heart attack grill?  I mean I like I have a vitamin B shot yeah I have at a doctor like when I've been sick with  the flu or something.
  I don't know that I do that at a place called the heart attack grill.
  What's funny is that I know that you get vitamin B shots.
  You talk about it like that I like the hyperbaric chamber.
  I want to get in a hyperbaric chamber real bad.
  You want to do that so bad.
  Like Michael Jackson?  Yeah but it healed.
  Did he do that?  Oh yeah he did but it healed I mean I don't know if it worked for him.
  It's keeping Quincy Jones young.
  It healed Daniel Bryan's concussions.
  Yeah it healed Daniel Bryan.
  He can wrestle again because of it.
  Joe Namath swears by them too.
  Well and then there's well you know what there's something else that  can maybe help heal the old brain up.
  You could go at Neonopolis you could check out Bongzilla the world's largest bond.
  Yes I should go to Bongzilla this week.
  Yeah hey go check out Bongzilla.
  I don't know if you can use Bongzilla.
  My guess is no.
  I don't want anything to do with marijuana.
  I bet you can buy a small replica of Bongzilla.
  You can buy a small world's largest.
  I believe Bongzilla came along when they was it pre-legalization because it is recreationally  legal in Nevada I think now.
  Oh it is?  Okay.
  If you're listening to this right now I may be staring at Bongzilla in real time.
  That's maybe what's happening.
  Navigate yourself while listening to this to Bongzilla.
  You might be planted right there right now.
  There's also a Denny's with a wedding chapel so Neonopolis is just like novelty city and there  was a moment where they were maybe going to have the Star Trek experience and where the  owners were just talking as if yep it's coming it's coming and it never came and it was starting  to be you know like you said they were trying to get it opened in 2009 for the JJ movie and  then nothing had happened by 2010 there was just an auction where they sold off everything  from the history of the future museum and like the captain's chair so that is all in the hands  of various collectors at this point so they couldn't reopen the thing if they wanted to.
  And anything that didn't sell they just destroyed.
  Really?  That's what I saw.
  But in a nicer thing they did decommission the attraction and the longest serving actor  the person who had been there the longest there was a banner that had flown over it and they're  like according with naval decommission you are entitled to and they folded it up and gave it  to her and I believe she was playing a Vulcan and she was in character and when they're like  we're giving you this as the longest serving crew member she starts like crying it's a very emotional  moment and she.
  Understandably.
  But like yeah they had people there from the show they did do a big close a big grand finale.
  That's nice of them.
  And I like when they do that they feel like they did that they they sent off  back to the future ride with a little ceremony and it's yeah it's nice when  something's acknowledged in that way.
  Can I just say one more thing about Neonopolis that like it's a shame that the Star Trek  experience ultimately like fell victim to Vegas shadiness because like this is a thing where like  it seems like the main developer is shady and the city was not sure if they wanted Neonopolis  there at all.
  He's promised all this stuff and owes all these taxes but then within that there was another  like a separate shady guy who opened a couple businesses one of which was something called  Crave Massive which was billing itself as what would be the world's largest gay nightclub  and the space that they were going to use for a Crave Massive was a movie theater that the other  shitty owner like ran into the ground because it was I mean a bad movie theater all the regular  stuff went wrong but also it stopped having air conditioning you know in Vegas in the summer.
  So we're going to take a dilapidated movie theater and turn it into the world's largest  gay nightclub which technically square footage wise it was except that they only opened you  know two of the rooms which were former movie theaters and they didn't change the sign so it  just said like theater two and then that was a dance floor.
  You'd go into the various rooms and drinks would be wildly different prices between like a vodka  soda is six dollars more in theater one than it is in theater three.
  They said really big on the website we validate parking and then you'd get there and they would  not.
 This thing is such a funny disaster.
 The guy who built it like had people overlooked the fact  that he had years prior done jail time because he used his seven-year-old son's social security  number to get seventy thousand dollars in bank loans in San Antonio went to jail for a year.
  Somehow this guy's still yes Vegas do whatever you want.
 He's in the Trump cabinet now.
  That's the shit that gets you into like secretary of something.
 He's incoming secretary.
 He'll be  organizing the Iran efforts but anyway and this is a fucking disaster in the thing like you know  they owed seven hundred thousand dollars to the city but my favorite thing about this club is that  so they had foam parties reasonable thing for a nightclub to have but keep in mind the all of  the dance floors were built out of former movie theaters movie theaters slope they slope to one  corner and they didn't fix that so all of the foam would just pool on one end of the floor  and you'd be in there trying to dance and then just like slightly drift over to the bottom.
  Oh my god that's insane.
  The insane is yes how was this allowed to be built and on top of that oh so if I get in though will  it be a nice experience no you will be charged radically different price somebody described  this is almost too awful to say somebody described like we went in there and we got in the elevator  and my boyfriend leaned up against the wall and it was just covered in lube the wall why so neon  neon crave massive at neon opolis hell on earth what could have been how these things never would  have sat next to each other they're gonna do a top tier cedar fair theme park experience next to a  lube elevator mike mike and i also ended up at a we've been to a party together what but not on  purpose it was we went to the it was the only bar left open like in that strip of los feliz silver  lake like that it was a long weekend i remember it was like memorial day or president's day or  something like that all the other bars are closed that one was still open and it had an empty patio  the patio was totally empty and we're like oh let's just go in and get some beers and go out  on the patio we walked inside we didn't say we didn't know anything about the patio necessarily  i could see i'm just saying like we didn't go there because we're gonna go to the patio i was  just like oh we're gonna go home party no we didn't it was still open and we walked in and there was a  phone party and when you were not prepared for a phone when you're just trying to buy some coronas  a phone party when you're not dressed for it or not there intending it it's just a slip and fall  hazard because everything is so soapy and we literally went and we got our drinks at the bar  went out to the patio but like yeah we're just kind of like stepping over fove and stuff what's  interesting it was in my old neighborhood and it's just down by the it was it used to be it's now a  different place it was right by that trader joe's and uh it's i hadn't we had never been there i and  i wasn't someone's like oh you know mj's open and mj's is a gay bar and i go oh yeah we haven't we've  never been in there so let's just go down there it's open so we went in there and it was a fucking  party man i didn't realize that a party on that street like that street's relatively quiet i mean  there's a few bars and stuff but it's not across from the former disney uh that's where snow white  was animated where that now there's snow white foam so we walked in and like everyone is like  almost naked like they have underwear on and they're shirtless and yeah we walked in the  foam party one a.
m on a sunday night and like we went into the bathroom and the guys are like  why aren't you in the foam because everyone's soaking wet and soapy like there was not a we  were the only like clothed people we were like yeah so we went onto the porch because yeah everybody  was like i mean do i don't think we ever considered well maybe we should just take the shirts off and  try yeah find the final log everybody yeah you're near your apartment just like head back grab some  flip flops and some scuba gear if you want if everyone was on board maybe i could have been  convinced it seems but even the people there for the foam party as like they're like you know the  last call we're closing up you know everyone is almost eating shit everyone is almost falling even  the people who came prepared are almost slipping yeah so i guess we're coming out with a stance  against surprise foam parties plan home party's great again it seems like yeah it does you just  got to prepare for it yeah i think it would have been good if it said if there was like a like you  know how a hotel has a vacancy sign or an apartment as vacancy if it just was foam party lit up there's  a neon foam party sign you just light it up to me and put it outside so we know when we're getting  in there we're about to walk into a foam party foam today foam today yes or no foam today it's  a vacancy situation yeah right the the funniest current client of neon opulence is that is where  the telemundo affiliate is now in the las vegas telemundo affiliate is also on the third floor  of neon opulence functional business functional business studio confusing yes sloping foam  parties an axe throwing one of those ax throwing ranges yeah yeah what a weird that's neon opulence  is where vegas goes to die and it is where the star trek experience died we need to mark  uh confusing sloping foam parties for the intro to this episode yeah yeah good idea yeah uh uh but um  hey let's back it up to bars a little bit yeah yeah you know and this is maybe a good way to close it  uh we gotta talk a little about corks bar and grill did you guys find out stuff about corks bar and  grill a little bit but i maybe you have more i think well i do in that i i mean i have some menu  screenshots yeah yeah yeah is what i have okay so i'm glad you found that stuff uh i also found oh  now i don't have it i found details of like what would happen if you got married at the uh at the  star trek experience uh um i i read like what is like the ultimate like package yeah yeah yeah the  commander package or whatever and you get a lot of tickets to the borgen counter you mainly get like  a suited like so there you will have a witness there who is either a faranghi or a or a borg you  could have a borg i think i think you could yeah if you're like a dark person i guess so yeah yeah  you're on the gothier side what alien from star trek would you want at your wedding corath corath  um the green one that uh kirk has to hit with a rock from the original show the one the fight  in the yeah the fight yeah oh you're right that guy rules yeah i like that guy and it's i like  a little figure of him mike i'm trying to it's going back and forth between i like quark himself  uh quark is played by this guy armin shimmerman who is just a fantastic character actor um but  also then there's a faranghi played by wallace shawn who i'm forgetting his name on deep space nine  and he's great because it's wallace shawn dressed as a faranghi then that being said i also like  neelix from star trek voyager who's another weird little character actor man who's fantastic and an  alien makeup so i'm gonna say i'm gonna say quark himself but i'll take any i'll take a faranghi  i mean i think you would have had a generic for i don't think i know actor unless you that's the  ultimate what's the top tier of star trek ranking uh it might be commander i don't know if you're  the captain is number one okay but it's so then a birth admiral is sorry emperor you gotta do the  emperor's package and they'll call they'll call the real actor for the queue package  uh but so if you got married in the star trek experience your reception would be at quark's  bar and grill um and you could customize the menu and we have some of the some of the items mainly  i got especially interested in this because of this video which we'll post a link to from the  voyager dvd uh where you get to watch the executive chef of quark's bar and grill explain how the the  menu was landed on and he is sort of doing this at gunpoint he's a little bit uh hesitant awkward  and just talking about you know so we you know we try to have some we get a little bit creative  with the stuff um you know i i presented the menu and they said that's great we like that and you  know sounds good now trek it out and i said what does that mean and they said you figure it out  so you know that's when we came up with you know that there's like pizzas in a triangle shape or  you know we have the hamburgers or um you know we really really checked it out um here you see the  holy rings of betas ad uh which is you know we took the onion rings and we stacked them stacked  them up on a pole so um you know we we have fun with the stuff and uh and then and then it cuts  to a guy who's a lot more enthusiastic than the executive chef sorry the holy rings of betas  what did i say didn't you say that or maybe i misheard i don't i have holy rings of betas ad  i think i miss her written and written in my notes which is always a good thing to write down  anywhere sorry i do like that presentation for onion rings it's very fun but i think it's funny  that that's presented as trekking it out because i've done that at red robin not not trekked out  as far as i know place by ucb theater birds that does that too they do it really yeah oh wow uh man  they tracked it out um but so then you cut from this guy who like yeah so you know i was told to  think of space and i thought of a triangle bun uh to a guy who loves it the most cheeseball  waiter who is he is he just in a uniform i don't think he's a cling on or anything though  you know like a cling on or a farang or you would walk up to your table at this restaurant and like  bother you a little bit um but this guy presenting the specialist uh hey we have and we have the  rap of con it's like a chicken fajita only it's wrapped up for you it's in a spinach tortilla  and then he explains the hamburger uh which is ground up borg meat think of it as as borg the  other red meat anyway uh it's oh it's the most cheeseball thing you're seeing uh and it's also  the they also are in this video it's explained that uh there is a drink that has dilithium  crystals in it and if you listen closely it might even belch i mean that's dangerous first of all  dilithium crystals are what power the ship oh god they're in the warp core like that doesn't  make any sense to have that well one of the drinks is the warp core breach is that it that's the big  one that served for two and it's got the dry ice does that have the crystals in it well i think so  i can read the description this is like this is from the turbo lift uh menu it says be careful  with these cocktails they'll send you to the upper deck uh and then it's cut off from there the upper  deck of drunkenness um this is like a tiki kind of drink where you like maybe just more than two  people share it uh red alert order this drink and prepare to separate your saucer section  what so that means okay so what that means is that the enterprise nc 1701 d is able to  separate the circle part at the top from the other ship that's the saucer section that's the saucer  section so that's a little pretty good you know i will say this though obviously as we read these  things i'm read they're kind of funny and cheesy i do i like that they wrote jokes yeah in the menu  it's pretty fun in this drink five five different flavored rums razzmatazz what the fuck is that  no and fruit juice we add pure ice crystals from the planet x-o-3 you'll need more you'll need more  than one officer to handle this situation these drinks sound like nightmares to me i mean i i'm  excited they are the most up mike sally and the least of mine okay i'm trying to figure out the  economics of these drinks because the warp core breach which is for for two or more 10 ounces of  liquor 2950 okay so yeah all right it's a big party drink it's a big bowl it's got dry ice  a mini warp core five ounces of liquor half as much liquor 1475 it's just straight in half okay  it's straight in half i thought it said 475 oh i thought i was going insane and i was like  dollars for a two-person drink it's full of razzmatazz in the late 90s that's like hell at the  moon i think yeah i i think that's my problem with it i can let me read this other one this they don't  elaborate a lot about the liquid latinum but these flavors fuck me spiced rum melon liqueur  alize red passion liqueur and blue curacao will put a faranghi into a daydream about  precious latinum bars what a nightmare several liqueurs these are these flavors are not  you know they're not meant to be digested by human beings there's one or two cocktails on the  cantina menu from coming to star wars coming to the galaxy's edge yes there's one or two cocktails  where i'm like i'm assuming you had a professional making this because like i don't know that like  coke and bloody mary mix sounds that good or something there's some weird disparate  flavor combinations i don't like any of this i mean like are you down with those mike melon  liqueur and i would try it try it that could be doesn't mean you would love it because hell at  the moon don't forget that drink sucked ass yeah it was not a good drink um but i think like a melon  liqueur could taste like a watermelon regular rum i can see but the spiced rum is kind of rubbing  me there i'm not sure there's no bait what i just listed there's not like one that's just regular  because if one of the ingredients was unadorned yeah okay it's yeah it's spiced rum and it's  watermelon whatever too many things there's a lot of things i'm skeptical yeah but it could be okay  it could be fine um what else are you guys seeing well i mean there's stuff on the menu that like  like it says deep space wines which is great space wines wonder girl chief o'brien's bottle  bruise because chief o'brien was the he was in uh the transporter room on next generation but  then he was the engineer on deep space nine he's colmeenie that's the actor's name so he's like an  irish guy like to drink and they they make his uh little section what position he was in the  transporter room and then he went to what a next generation he was transporter room and then on  deep space nine he was the engineer oh so he got a promotion so yeah sure and then and he also got  more money because he was a regular oh that's true sorry which drink is that uh that's the whole  section called chief o'brien's bottle bruise oh so he like they've named all the beers after  chief miles o'brien can i read this one really fast from the deep space wine menu this would be  my choice i think the sacred chalice the sacred chalice of ricks only wine from what but tazed  finest grapes is acceptable for the sacred chalice of ricks personally overseen by lawaksana troy  herself parentheses cabernet seven lawaksana troy is diana troy's mother she's played by um  magel i always forget her name is magel barrett who is jean roddenberry's wife oh and who does  the voice of the computer and she did it until she died a couple years ago wow but she even  did the voice in the first jj movie oh oh so it was a little tie back and that's the voice that  supposedly they've been working on because they've they've got so much of her voice down  is that people want that for siri because i want that for siri oh yeah oh gotcha like but so so  we'll see when it's good if it's ever coming it's a funny thing about this menu that like i guess  that's a care that's a beloved character who oversaw the production of this wine and there's  other ones like that where like pacard said these chicken fingers were okay like the main not even  like side character like jordy leforge thought of this like french dip this is a she was the one who  thought to crush up captain crunch and roll the chicken finger batter in it i'm curious about  salad because it says a frequent visitor to corks bar he was not the same time period yeah they'd  all unravels that doesn't make sense yeah that one doesn't you got to drink enough until you  don't care about conflicting timelines yeah i like shuttle salad all right like i don't know  what's an s word that's in start a shuttle oh yeah fuck it shuttle shuttle salad in terms of giving  up similarly if i could read glop on a stick also known as jumja this station treat looks like an  awful lot like a corn dog served with fries in fact it is yeah yeah yeah whatever yeah there's  footage of a guy going around after people have had their food served in costume and and he asked  the child it's like do you like your triples that we were told they taste like chicken but to humans  everything tastes like chicken just kind of like razz and the kids just blank face like to smile  okay too i don't know i'm having chicken don't bother me yeah dads dad's irritated yeah the one  thing that bothers me and maybe it's maybe i'm not seeing it presented in a different way is that they  have on the menu different ales they have klingon war war nog ale they have kardassian ale fulcan  ale promenade ales and then they have romulan ale which very famously through the run of  like most of the series they talk about romulan ale as being illegal it is so highly alcoholic  that like you know like i got a little romulan ale like guinan has a little romulan ale behind  the bar for you if she knows you and she trusts you like yes it's 10 000 percent yes but this is  just presented it's four dollars or like the other ones there's this should have its own thing this  should be what you want this is the blue milk this is the butter beer this and like earl gray tea hot  should be the two things that you want to drink when you go to a star trek themed bar  and they're not presenting it in a big enough way or making a big deal out of it i'm going to make  this prediction for galaxy's edge because the blue milk the kind of frozen blue milk smoothie you get  at the stands is different than the blue milk in the cantina right and that difference until i sample  both is going to drive me insane like you know it's like i try not to be too much of a completeness  nowadays but but i have to sample both milks to see which i like more what would you get on this  menu on this menu on the star trek menu oh i'm not sure i have enough of it in front of me i mean  sacred chalice i'd have maybe three or four sacred chalices of ricks i think i would want to try the  warp core breach with the with the um even as sweet as it sounds even with the dry with the dry  ice and everything so there's uh they have glop on a stick hue borger now that's this is just me uh  mike explaining you star trek uh characters hue borger hue is a character they rescue a borg at a  certain point in next generation and they sort of rehabilitate him and he is he's like they finally  like they name him hue and he's like a little sweet guy and his name is hue of borg and they  like rehabilitate him but he still kind of has his borg stuff on but he's like a cute borg anyway  they grant him up into meat so anyway fuck him he's a hamburger now uh i don't think i have enough  of the food in front of me these are all from the cadet menu i have to say if anyone out there has  these old restaurant menus if you could just scan them in a high resolution and put them in one  album between this and marvel mania trying to track down all the pages is so crazy that is the  cadet menu i was reading from uh yeah because they have jordy's nanite pizza specially engineered  by lieutenant commander jordy laforge for a younger cadet what why is he engineering that  one of the main characters took some time to engineer a pizza yeah joseph cisco's bayou linguini  that's it yeah i gotta add that i didn't see that one joseph cisco is uh benjamin cisco  which is the keys the captain of deep space nine yeah that's his kid and for whatever reason his  kid has bayou linguini um hey i got a shout out that we're back to drinks but the james t kirk  spelled like t uh made with beef eater gin bacardi limon frizz vodka what the fuck is that  blue curacao what no retire this ingredient the sour mix and gatorade alpine snow oh fuck you  kirk's too smart to drink this gatorade i thought that was like the long island iced tea but it's  such a shit show it says this drink on earth a long island iced tea i don't even like when  places are like with us with a sierra mist float and i was like i don't know why that  no scratch that bums bums me out in the wrong way i did you find the menu with mccoy's martinis  no there's so many mccoy's martinis there's a bullion sunrise red shirt vulcan nerve pinch  the badlands and the royale and then on the other side of this menu is the neutral zone which is  non-alcoholic drinks and data's day is the name of the first drink uh and of course it's not a  serious drinker of alcohol mr data nevertheless enjoys a tasty beverage every now and then  especially now that he's installed his emotions chip he needs to install a chip that lets him have  like water in him liquids if he can't taste strawberry and pineapple juice  unless he has his emotion chips and data has actually been known to say i love this drink  he he has emotion about something only in this case um west oh there's also one called wesley's  crush um well i mean this is like a real tome this menu which is pretty exciting  we'll post like stills of this but i think you know what i think actually within the uh within  the menu it is listed as the final frontier and perhaps it should be the final frontier of the  episode it'd be too long for me to read all of them but uh jason i'm gonna make you make a blind  choice i'm gonna give you five dessert options by name only and and you need to pick one and then i  will reveal what you have chosen i mean they some of them describe themselves okay you may have seen  some of them then but i don't remember them so please go ahead uh your choice is nog's banana  split the pie of the prophets kefirian apple crisp diana troyes ultimate sunday and uda berry  sorbet oh well i i think i would have to go with the pie of the prophets i'm so glad you did because  having said it out loud that gave me so much joy i would have been sad if you didn't pick it and  also it has by far the longest explanation so great the pie of the prophets also known as kai  pie this recipe for a delicious pie came directly from the holy orbs themselves yes graham cracker  crust with a sense holy to me with a combination of dark tlayen chocolate mousse and bajoran  peanut butter topping drizzled with caramel and chocolate sauce and topped with chopped bajoran  peanuts this dessert is truly blessed my child wow i love it so it's like a peanut butter pie  not quite a mud pie but i'm into it and blessed and holy and the most sacred dessert you could  have picked you did it i do like with liquor i don't like sweetness overload but with dessert  sometimes i do like uh all right chocolate peanut butter and caramel and butterscotch and like all  all of them like a suicide of sunday topics there's uh on the tiana troye has a drink called diana  troye's chocolate obsession as well chocolate drinks are gross i just noticed one that i also  99 zentsor had a giant wall of like chocolate wine for a while i'm not quite into that uh there's a  drink i would order that i didn't see before the reicher rita that's really good what do we got in  there uh well it's commander william reichers number one drink of at quarks be the first officer  at your table to order this taste sensation no problem there suza conmemorativo conmemorativo  not commit conmemorativo it's not a resolution that's very good on this menu uh there's just  solid mix solution why do they think melon is a big flavor in star trick yeah i think that was  just the time all right what's that what's that um what is that famous melon liqueur called  i don't know yeah you feel like i heard a lot of people it's like that was their first like  it's called vomit in a bottle uh yeah i think that melo midori midori midori was a lot of  people's first of course yeah it's like candy yeah oh all right well if you're trying to  trick someone into drinking yeah that's the way to maduri is the way to go uh what a world of wonder  so much to do from realizing you're in a group with picard's ancestor to facing the borg  themselves is that right too well they are they all could refer to themselves as one we are borg  so how what would it be oh it's like a rat king yeah kind of yeah to seeing the borg to uh eating  uh eating a corn dog that's called some that's called jumja for no reason there's you could do  everything there uh and what a bummer tragedy yeah so yeah it's a stupid neonopolis for given false  hope to cedar fair and i don't think we're gonna even like there's rumors of universe i don't i  right now it doesn't seem like we're getting a star trek land at the fantastic worlds part  no i don't think it seemed too late like if they'd been on the more more on the ball it was  rumored that it was going to replace terminator but as matt roger said it's going to be born  it's going to be jason born i'm skeptical that that's even happening now we broke that story  is like if stuff if i feel like the buzz has died down i feel like generally it's i'm skeptical  it's gonna happen right now we're hearing a lot of tomorrowland rumors so if i feel like if this  buzz sustains to d23 we got something but if this dies down we don't hear anything about it for a  year and a half then i think they're back to not i mean yeah it seems like fantastic uh worlds is  what how to train your dragon universal monsters  nintendo and nintendo and fantastic beasts yeah bulworth the bulworth small foot  but i think even if i'm sure they could do a very cool star trek ride and like there's some concept  art and things on like the starfleet academy land area but i don't know i don't think it's  gonna have the charm that this seems to have yeah this has the junkie charm of star trek that i love  and i think if they do something it'll be like almost too big budget it'll almost be too it'll  be great it could it could be very great but like i don't think they'll be like well we should make  it look like that junkie looking syndicated show that people love from the 90s it's gonna look like  a sleek jj movie yeah but if you like junkie charm head over watch this transition head over  to the second gate next week uh when we'll have some more star trek stuff to talk about in the  theme park world that a junkie is the correct word to use to describe some of it absolutely  the operative word it's yeah you're watching weird live star trek tv broadcasts and early  weird blue screen and uh yeah it's a lot of fun so ice skating oh see i don't even i don't know  what's happening here uh yeah so we'll get into all of that oh patreon.
com slash podcast the ride  yes head there right now i'm so excited i need to calm down with i wish i had a sacred chalice of  ricks in front of me um but i but i don't but if you have uh head over there more star trek at the  patreon you survive podcast the ride uh what else check us out on twitter on instagram email us at  puckettstrader.
gmail.
com and may the force be with you what's the sign off of star trek well  live long and prosper of course oh god can you do it can we all do it no no i can't okay you all can  you can a little yeah i can do it both hands no my two of mine are uh don't attach whatsoever i took  a class in the 90s took a class to learn how to do it just kidding i gave as far as i knew  all right good fingers guys thank you thank you catch our fingers on the next patreon yeah  take your fingers and pile it to the to the patreon all right make it so man that's one  this has been a forever dog production executive produced by mike carlson jason sharridan scott  gerdner brett bowen joe cilio and alex ramsey engineered and mastered by alex sarch for more  original podcasts please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com and subscribe to our shows on apple podcasts  spotify or wherever you get your podcasts keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us  on twitter and instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on facebook