 Forever.
  Dog.
  It's the Star Wars Galaxy's Edge Opening Day special, starring Mike as the master code  breaker, Scott as Rex's daddy, and Jason as the hot dog Padawan.
  Featuring appearances by Andy Katok, Aaron Gernert, Jenny Nicholson, and a very special  galactic sit down with Len Testa.
  Right, son.
  It's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast, The Ride, the theme park podcast hosted by three men who will soon make  the Kessel Run in over 50 parsecs when Jason drops a black tap cake shake on the control  panel.
  My name is Mike Carlson, I almost ran out of air saying that.
  You got it out.
  Jason Sheridan.
  You did get it out.
  I will probably do that.
  Yeah.
  Scott Garner also here.
  Yep, I can see it all.
  We don't know a lot of what awaits us in Galaxy's Edge, but that one's guaranteed.
  But that's what the rest of this is all about, is forming the plan, I guess, and trying to  figure out what we're going to do, because we should explain what's going on here.
  Okay, the timeline's very confusing.
  What's the most confusing timeline in a Star Wars movie?  Do they mess with time?  There's no time travel in the movies.
  Well, you know what this is?  This is like a prequel, second trilogy, third trilogy situation, and the audience is listening  to a prequel right now.
  Yes, that's true.
  That's a good point.
  As we talk, because you are hearing this a couple days after the opening of Star Wars  Galaxy's Edge, but we are recording this a few days before the opening of Star Wars Galaxy's  Edge, but by the time you've heard it, we will have been to Star Wars Galaxy's Edge.
  So as this episode proceeds, we will be there, you will hear us there, you will hear us after  there, saying what we think, but right now we're anticipating, because the moment is  here, it's almost here.
  We got a couple days to go as we record this, but we've been talking about this for years.
  I think we probably brought on the first episode, we were like, why are we doing a theme park  podcast?  Star Wars is coming, among other things, and we're finally here.
  Yeah, it's felt like maybe a big pitch, if people were like, why are you doing this?  We're like, this stuff is going to get more popular, there's going to be big things coming  that the world will be talking about, and that's what's going to happen.
  People will be talking about more than like, you know, Horizons and the Mexico boat ride.
  Yes.
  These are like major, and the theme park attractions are major stories in the world right now.
  Right, and this is going to be-  Though the Mexico boat ride always should be, obviously, but-  Yeah, I think if it was a different social media day, that Mexico boat ride would be  celebrated and Instagrammed so hard, but now-  And we will make it so soon enough, but for now, I guess Galaxy's Edge is the big trend.
  Yeah, so-  And we're going to check it out.
  Yeah, we're checking it out.
  Before we started recording this, we kept accidentally wandering into conversation about  what our expectations are, and then we go, no, no, no, save it.
  No, no, save it, save it.
  Save the good stuff.
  It's more like the Extended Universe novels and comic books and video games that are all  now fucking garbage that Disney has deemed not canon.
  Not going to see those there.
  But are still canon in our hearts.
  Yeah, yeah, it's not canon like Tony Solaroni and the holiday special when the bots are  on Sesame Street.
  That obviously is all canon.
  But yeah, we've, I mean, like, because we had to do a lot of off air discussion of how  this is going to work.
  We have like boring personal logistics to work out, like who's going to drive and everything.
  But I mean, the main reason being that, you know, also for months, we've been wondering  how are we going to get into this place?  Are we going to get into this place?  And we are getting into this place.
  And I'll pre-say, thanks to you, Mike, thanks to you jumping on the best possible plan,  we will be there morning number one, 8 a.
m.
  Yes, May 31st.
  We are in the first group, besides cast members and employees and press, besides.
  Fuck all that.
  Regular, right.
  Good, honest, hardworking Joe's.
  Folks.
  We folks.
  We are the first folks.
  The real experience, you know, we don't need Bob Iger, you know, stumbling through a not  quite fully baked joke about like the force was with us when we started this project and  it is with us now.
  I don't need to hear Steven Spielberg's boring war stories, impradling on.
  Oh, yeah.
  With real people, with the people, with the folks.
  If someone said you could get in early, I would have said no way.
  No.
  Fuck off, I would have said.
  I want to do it with the regular theme park.
  I want to do it with the regular people who will enjoy it, not like the 30 member story  committee was spit on the ground when they hear George Lucas's name.
  Were we invited to a preview?  No.
  But that doesn't matter.
  I would have said no.
  Yeah.
  We wanted to do it the real way.
  Right.
  Absolutely.
  And we're getting our wish to be to do it in the time when it is the most unorganized  and stressful humanly possible.
  If Josh Gad himself came to my door with Scott Trowbridge, I would say, get out of here,  you two.
  I don't want to go to the Galaxy's Edge this way.
  You guys go.
  Why don't you guys go make a 180 line crossing unwatchable sketch and leave us to do.
  That's the most obscure reference.
  I was going to say the audience probably know what you're talking about.
  I should be so lucky.
  Yeah, no, we're doing it with the I can't believe this is the case.
  Mourning number one.
  Yeah, because I didn't know if we weren't.
  I didn't know if I was going to get in for a full summer.
  Money.
  Yeah, yes.
  Who knew that the solution was to pay extra?  Yeah, because here's what we're going down and we're all get we're all sharing a couple  hotel rooms because once we realize that was the plan, that's the way to get in.
  Yes, the crafty Disney method of pay us more.
  Pay us more.
  Which are original.
  We can say now our original idea was to go in on a tour guide.
  Very quickly learned that like, no, not going to work.
  Not happen.
  It might work, though.
  Might work.
  It was just unclear of that being a clear cut plan.
  Well, you know, when we were talking about that, we didn't know about this reservation  system for the first month.
  This was pre-reservation.
  This is pre-hotel.
  This was pre-wristband.
  Now everything's changed.
  We've been like staring at Twitter's getting every morsel of information and now we sort  of know what we're doing, although I'm still I have no idea how that first morning is going  to go.
  Yeah, we've gotten a little more information in the last 24 hours, I feel like.
  A really complicated email went out to everybody.
  Very complicated.
  You listening might have this email.
  Wait, really?  Huh?  Yeah.
  If you have a reservation in your name.
  Because you didn't know.
  Well, other people got it, too.
  Oh, maybe it's just because we also, spoiler alert, Scott and I are going in different  times as well.
  Yeah, we all did a lot of math of like when other groups, we all were on the website on  that first morning.
  Probably a lot of listeners were, too, which we made it on and I was very happy, but I  was seeing other people who did not and I felt bad for them.
  Yeah.
  Look, I couldn't give up my spot if I wanted to.
  I couldn't.
  I'd have to make a fake ID.
  I'm going on the last day I can go to the Disneyland Resort until like late August.
  Disneyland Park.
  I can go to California Adventure for another like month and a half.
  Oh, that's interesting.
  Why is that?  What's your past situation?  I have the Southern California Pass still.
  Oh, and they do California Adventure different days?  They're starting to, yeah.
  Interesting.
  But I'm also, I have to, if I get a chance when I'm down there or maybe ask one of our  potential check-ins with one of the people on the show, because they also just announced  the Disney Flex Pass recently.
  That just went into effect.
  That cost exactly the same amount as my SoCal Pass.
  So now I'm kind of weighing and I also wonder if I can convert it.
  Flex sounds good.
  I think you go Flex.
  I think maybe, yeah.
  It's complicated.
  But if I go Flex, I can never go back.
  Yeah, but what's, unless Flex goes away.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Yeah, so.
  But that's not, we shouldn't talk about Flex.
  That's a whole nother three hour podcast.
  It surely is.
  The most interesting podcast you've ever heard.
  I, yeah, we, well, we're all going to get on a spaceship and stuff.
  That's probably the main thing.
  And we're all, yeah, so we're all going, so Mike, you got, all right, I'm going a second  time with my wife Erin.
  You're going how many more times?  I don't know.
  A couple, a couple times.
  Uh huh.
  A couple.
  So you'll keep hearing from us about, you know, our, our galaxy's edge thoughts, obviously  pre rise of the resistance, but hopefully we'll, between these visits, we'll have been  able to, been able to fit everything in.
  But the main thing is 8 a.
m.
 and we have decisions to make.
  Yeah, big decisions.
  What are we, yeah, what's everybody doing?  Do we stick together?  Do we split up?  Because we've got a bigger group too and we'll explain, we'll check in with other people  as we go.
  But Erin and Lindsay are coming, and Andrew Christom's coming.
  But like, do we divide and conquer?  Well that's what I'm, so basically the situation is, is that 6 a.
m.
 is when the park opens  and we go into the park, go to Star Wars launch bay in Tomorrowland on the other side.
  Very convenient.
  Very convenient.
  And you get your wristbands, you have to all be together.
  You can't, one person can't be missing, which stresses me out.
  Oh fuck.
  Yes, yeah.
  Man.
  You gotta coordinate and be there at the right time, an ungodly early time.
  This is like when you buy a row of movie tickets and there's always one or two people who get  into hijinks and it's a real, but worse, but worse.
  But an incredibly high pressure because we will all be waiting on this thing we've been  thinking about and talking about for months.
  Right.
  So wait, so once we, if the park opens at 6 a.
m.
, are attractions running at 6 a.
m.
?  No, no.
  Nothing is running.
  Oh I love you didn't know any of this.
  That is funny.
  It is an empty theme park.
  Which by the way, kind of cool.
  Yeah, I'm not into it.
  Well, my question then is when do the coffee shops at the hotels open?  I'm sure those are open.
  I believe 5 a.
m.
 or 4 a.
m.
  I'm sure those are open very early.
  I'm sure I've read that they will have like limited amount of food open at 6 a.
m.
 in the  park.
  Sure.
  They're not gonna abandon us.
  And the parking garage is supposedly open at midnight.
  So what's going on?  Are people getting there?  Like will there be some lineup?  Well, this is the thing.
  This is the thing that always happens is they say no one can line up before 6 a.
m.
  Just come in at 6 a.
m.
  That's how it'll work.
  But where do the people that are waiting to get in at 6 a.
m.
 go?  Yeah.
  So there will be a line.
  Yeah, there's no way this doesn't end up in a line.
  There's always a line.
  It just maybe it's on maybe it's in front of Captain Kids or something.
  You know, like it'll be somewhere.
  It's on the freeway probably.
  So I'm glad we're there overnight because fighting our way in.
  Yes.
  This month fighting your way in is going to be crazy.
  Yes.
  I think that.
  By the way, also, if you guys know this is pre Galaxy's Edge.
  We follow this Twitter, the annual past Twitter that says, oh, Mickey and Friends is closed  to go to Toy Story.
  So many days I've been seeing there is no parking available at Disneyland Resort.
  So many of these days.
  I think people want to see it.
  Want to see it before it becomes whatever it becomes, you know, with Star Wars, because  also they have refreshed a lot of the park like we get to see this.
  Later, Castle.
  I haven't seen any of this.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Uh huh.
  You'll see it at six a.
m.
 like jacked up on a quad latte.
  It's beautiful.
  Beautiful.
  Yeah.
  Three hours of sleep.
  Yeah.
  All of us together.
  We got to figure it out.
  So I was talking.
  There's another there's some other people going with this and I was talking to this  one person and she was saying that I was saying like, well, should we get the launch  bay at seven?  And she was like, oh yeah, that's so that would be pretty good because I was I do think  even though there will be a line to get in, I think getting into the land won't be that  bad because there's a limited amount of people.
  Yeah, maybe it's a thousand people, but everyone should be wristbanded by that point.
  And really all that is is just a march in.
  So marching in a line of a thousand.
  Once you have your wristband isn't going to be the worst thing.
  It seems like it's been working pretty well for the cast member previews and presumably  it's about the same number allocated.
  And since yes, since the number going in, I think is the capacity of the land, we're  not going to be held.
  I don't think it'll just sort of be a steady stream.
  And that's the very opening of the park anyway.
  And that's the only people in the park will be there for now.
  It's going to be tough because when 11 a.
m.
  rolls around and we won't leave or at mid noon, we won't leave.
  We refuse to leave because we're crying, touching the walls.
  A stormtrooper to hit me with the butt of their gun to make me.
  I want them to hit me in the mouth to make me leave.
  Kill me.
 Kill me.
  You'll do the ride with a concussion, but you'll do the right.
  That's going to be the general Hawks walk around character to slap me with a glove.
  That's going to be the problem.
  A big spanking.
  Give me a big spanking on my bottom like that woman in Vegas was going to do to you.
  Yes, like that.
 Oh, no.
  But with a light paddle,  Captain Phasma is going to bring a big space paddle.
  Who runs the Cantina?  Uga.
 Uga is.
  Oh, no.
 Is it Uga?  It's probably spelled Uga.
  But it's probably Uga.
  I keep confusing Uga and Doc Ondar.
  Don't confuse them.
  I know they both seem like real prickly pairs.
  Well, maybe we should talk about priorities, because here's what worries me is that  what if there is more of a ride situation and I don't get my dream  of being the first layperson to have a glass of Padme wine in Star Wars Galaxy's Edge?  Well, this seems to the play here.
  I do think that the incentive to lining up at 4am, which I'm not saying we do,  I don't think we should do that.
  But that is the fact that then you will be at the very front of the line.
  So it seems like the lines that form that are the worst are the Cantina and the Falcon.
  But the Falcon, I think, loads fast.
  Yes.
 And it's also built to accommodate lines.
  Yes.
 As opposed to a 30 person occupancy.
  How many people fit in there? It's like 130.
  Very.
 Yeah.
  It's going to be great in three years when it's less crowded.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But right now, yeah.
  Sure.
 That's what they said about Trader Sam's.
  Always fun and easy to get into.
  Always a pleasant experience.
  Oh, no.
 But don't you appreciate that it's small?  I appreciate it.
 No.
  You're out of your fucking mind.
 I like it.
  It should be huge.
  Isn't the one in Florida bigger?  A little bigger.
 Do you appreciate the size of that one?  Well, no, it's very it's negligible.
  Oh, OK.
 How much bigger it is in Florida.
  I will say there should be more of an outdoor.
  There should be more of an outdoor, which they've kind of made the terrace  a little bit more fun and you can sit at the bar.
  I do think it'll be fun if there were like little rooms  that maintain the intimacy, but didn't.
  Well, I like being in a small bar, but wait, which I was going to say,  like almost like some sort of club, like an adventure themed club  with different small bars and rooms.
  That seems like what an idea.
  It'll never work.
 I think that.
  I think the play probably is  get in line at the Cantina first.
  I think we have a drink.
  What Jason's giggling with Glee.
  I have I have a number one.
  I don't think anyone else has a number one.
  Well, everybody's priorities.
  Yeah, because I think I'm Cantina.
  But I also like, can we contend people all get in?  But this is well, this is maybe this is my thing.
  And this is what I have to ask our source, our source who has been inside already.
  Do they think that maybe three  or five can leave and explore while certain people hold places in line?  Sure.
 That's the question I have, because that sounds fine.
  But then we got a cycle.
  And what a chore for somebody to stand in the line for.
  That's unfair to.
  Well, but it will.
  We'll set a timer on our phones.
  So like 15 minute intervals.
  I think it can't be you leave and do the Falcon.
  No, I agree.
 Yeah, for sure.
  But like 15 minutes, you explore.
  Sure.
  And then come back and exchange with the people.
  I like this.
 Yeah, we can do that.
  I think that makes the most sense to me.
  Mm hmm.
 Go see the Rondo Roaster.
  Go see the run to see the pod race engine.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 OK.
 So what is Jason?  What is your priority?  My number one is the milk bar.
  Ever since I was a child, I've wanted to drink the blue milk.
  Is that true? Yeah.
  I ever since I was a kid, I was when Luke sits down in a new hope  and starts drinking the blue milk, I was like, what the fuck is that?  I want to drink that.
  Now the milk bar is by the Cantina.
  And according to a few posts, the milk bar,  docking Bay Seven, the other restaurant and Rondo Roasters,  I think all three will have mobile ordering.
  OK, so in theory, you might be fine.
  I can mobile order a blue milk and green milk, but I'm afraid I'd get sick  because my number two milk to milk to you.
  8 a.
m.
 You've had to color milks before.
  Now non dairy coconut with a hot dog to sop it up.
  That's number two.
 The space hot dog.
  Yeah, it is.
 It actually is.
  That's number two.
  But they're like, here's the breakfast version.
  It's like, I don't want the breakfast.
  I want the lunch version with with pulled pork and coleslaw and ranch on top.
  When does the lunch version come? Wow.
  That's a big question.
  Where there were all we're all doing morning hours.
  You will be like you'll be craving pulled pork at 8 a.
m.
  I will be wanting white wine.
  I mean, the morning is possible.
  I will be the I want a sugary drink, colorful drink.
  I will be hammered at 9 a.
m.
  My stretch goal is then to get into the Cantina  and have the second kind of blue milk as well.
  But I realize that's unrealistic.
  You really need to do both milks in one day.
  I don't need to do both milks in one.
  That's the indulgent.
  There is nothing.
  I'm shocked that you've saying this about the blue milk.
  I've never actually seen anyone say, wow, wouldn't it be great  to have the milk from Star Wars when they when they did the Star Wars  hyperspace mountain and they and the Star Wars launch bay in 2015.
  And my family was visit.
  We were there like the first day they did all that stuff.
  And they're like, look, there's going to be Star Wars food.
  I'm like, all right, blue milk.
 Here we go.
  Yeah, I get that it makes sense because that's one of the only food items  that they sort of talk about or call out in the movies.
  I just I'm just saying, like unlike butter beer, which is so,  I think, appetizing if you read the books, how they make it sound.
  And then they talked about it.
  And like it's so thought of fondly.
  Blue milk is just like, well, just make the milk blue, I guess, for Luke.
  And it'll be like a space milk or whatever.
  Like it's such an afterthought.
  And it was never very appetizing to me, at least.
  And I've never heard this.
  It's the kind of thing that usually I would be saying  and someone on Twitter or Facebook is like, fuck it, Scott Brenner.
  And I'm actually surprised to hear a counter Star Wars point from you.
  I could be wrong.
  I've just never heard anyone speak of it in a way of like, man,  I always wanted to try that blue milk.
  I always wanted.
 I don't know.
  I just flew was always my favorite color.
 And  sure, I think I think the way they've talked about like that, it's non-dairy.
  So a lot of people can enjoy it.
  That is kind of like it's meant to be cold for hot.
  Well, and it has like citrus flavor.
  Like I'm very they've intrigued me.
  What do you think that taste is like if you had to compare it to if you had to guess  before and will update everyone else and everyone in 10 minutes  about what it actually tastes like?  Well, I know the I know the green ones supposed to have like hints of melon flavor,  which I think in melon liqueur, like the Star Trek experience.
  I don't know.
 I think from what I understand, like of like candy and sweets in Asia,  melon is more of a go to, but would be more unique for American audiences.
  And that seems to be what they're doing with the food program in Star Wars.
  Like stuff, stuff is unique, but a little familiar.
  Sure.
 So, yeah, so I'm honestly not sure.
  The blue milk may just taste like strawberry milk, honestly.
  Yeah, you know, this isn't a super big priority, but yeah, if I could  eat something while I'm there, like I it's definitely not.
  If I leave and just go do regular uva bar kind of stuff  and we just have regular days the day, whatever.
  But like I am excited about the food and I haven't yet been to Avatar.
  So I haven't done this new breed of like elevated Disney food  and themed Disney food and so much of what's been on blogs and everything.
  Looks like that a lot of it is like plant that it's like,  oh, falafel balls with like a tomato cucumber salad and pita like,  oh, that sounds very neat and refreshing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 But also like crazy meat, crazy meats.
 Yeah.
  Crazy jerky.
 The one stands going to sell different kinds of jerky.
  Chewbacca, Jerky, Jerky.
  I forget what kind of meat they said, but also, yes, I want to see you.
  You get you could get like, you know, like I'm going to guess like 600 slices  out of out of one Wookie.
  I or if it's just the kind of Wookie's like,  I hope I'm not behind Chewbacca in line.
  He's going to buy out the whole shop.
  But I do want to go to the Ronto.
  I think it's very funny cooking over a pod race.
  Yeah, it's great.
  And I like that they are acknowledging the prequel that they are  because the worlds of Star Wars are interesting and fun.
  And so, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, I know.
 It's nice that it's not like exclusively.
  It seems like it's more like Episode seven, eight, nine dominant, but it's not.
  Generally.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  There's not a lot of history.
  But I yeah, I don't I don't know.
  And then I guess number three for me would be the Falcon Ride.
  But if like only some of us can get into the Cantina,  I recognize it's important for you, Scott.
  I'd rather you go.
  Well, that's the sweetest thing I've ever pilgrimage to Rex.
  And I won't hold you back from eating your space dogs.
  This is perfect.
  I wasn't we leave you.
  I don't know in what way would I  just shoving kids out of the way to get a hot dog at 8am.
  I really first time.
  I mean, I'd love to be the first.
  I'd love to be the first, because really what you're talking about  is the first like layperson Disneyland drinker.
  If I could hold that title or if I could see that to my wife,  if she could have that title.
  But it also seems like you got to be a 4am line.
  I think there's no way yet.
  You get to be first unless we're sitting outside Captain Kids in a tent.
  I think that might be the only way I think.
  And then the city of Anaheim will like gun us down.
  Yes, very possible.
  We'll be sprayed by a fire.
  Yes.
 The Disney police, the Disney secret police  rid of the unwanted  unsightly people will go to Tustin, motherfuckers.
  Yeah.
 Mike, what is your number?  What are you leaning towards?  Number one is hard.
  I think getting in the canteen is my number one.
  I do.
 I think seeing Rex, I think having a weird cocktail  seems so fun to hear.
  I want to hear the music that Rex is playing.
  Because eventually we're going to need to hear the whole Rex.
  Right.
 So let's start shipping it off now.
  And number one being that being number one just feels like that's going to be  so popular.
  And it's such a hard thing is like they let you stay in there for 45 minutes.
  How do they do? We know how they enforce that.
  No idea.
 Who knows?  Oh, boy.
 So like that that feels like this, the thing of like,  oh, I got to do it.
  Like, that's why I'm having the most anxiety about.
  Well, we were agreed then we all it's all straight there.
  I mean, we can all we'll all have like an hour upwards to game plan  with nothing to do in an empty Disneyland.
  So I think we'll figure it all out.
  And I bet we can also get on.
  But we were saying we're hearing conflicting reports.
  I was specifically told by somebody who knows Imagineer or whatever  that lines have been pretty short during cast member previews for Falcon  and that the Cantina is really the problem.
  Yeah, I heard that multiple people were saying you can't do both Cantina  and Falcon, that the lines are too long,  that there was a three hour line in one cast member preview.
  But who knows? Who knows?  We're getting there first thing.
  But there's still there's going to be probably more.
  Say we get there at what do you think we should do as far as getting at the  launch bay? Because I was the first thing like seven.
  And I was like, oh, that's an hour.
 That'll be.
  But like, does that mean 500 people are in front of us?  Well, my other question is and what I heard was that you can't build  a lightsaber and do the Falcon.
 It takes too long.
  But then now they're saying there's a separate scheduling to do the lightsaber.
  I don't know that any of us are in the market for a two hundred dollar  well, we are at the moment.
  Yeah, I don't think I'm going to do that.
  I feel like you both want to buy Rex's.
  I will certainly have Rex.
  I will buy Rex.
  I think that is that there.
  Rex, I think, is you buy him off the shelf.
  I don't think you don't make a rat.
  You don't have to sit in it.
  Whatever the Droid Depot show, because I've heard that's maybe a crazy line.
  That might be a time.
  I am.
 I have enough crap, but I would like a tiny waddo, a tiny toy, toy  hands, fake hands on waddo from the toy stall.
  I got the Java looks very cute.
  The Java looks good.
  There's there's like a wampa that looks real looks cute.
  And I like the they have like tin toys or wooden toys like those.
  Like the latest crumb toy looks pretty good.
  Salacious crumb.
 Yeah.
  I have to see what grabs me in the moment.
  I want to see how big all this stuff is because I have a stunt  trooper who will grab you and grab you throw you out of the land.
  Yeah.
 Drown you in the rivers of America.
  Get out of the bar, idiot.
  I mean, I want to get a coke.
  I want one of the bottles.
  That's a prayer.
 That's a day one priority.
  It's a little down on the list.
  Are you going to drink it or just leave it?  I'm not sure.
 Yeah, I haven't decided.
  We are lucky that we do have the other reservations.
  So I think I think what you got to prioritize in that first day  is what do you want to do on that first day?  Because we'll get to do everything.
  Well, I'll be there a bunch.
  And I'm my second one is at night.
  And I'm excited to see how it's different tonight.
  But I mean, bar first day seems like you got to do it.
  You got to do it.
  And now so now what you're going to hear is whatever happened.
  You may hear us in a line in the park if Jason allows it.
  It seems like you've come around.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  No, I came around.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Not an issue.
  But, you know, who are will we be too frazzled to will we be to like  coffee bleary, will we be too drunk?  Where are we? Where are we all going to be at?  I know morning of May 30th.
  30 is probably if you're saying seven, it should probably be six.
  I was thinking six 30.
  You can get to launch pad six 30.
 Yeah, I guess so.
  My other concern is are people whose reservations are at like  four or eight p.
m.
  Are they going to be there at six a.
m.
  thinking they're going to get their wristband and then come back?  So really? Like, I don't I don't think so.
  But I don't know.
 I could be wrong.
  You never know.
 Huh?  I don't I don't know.
  The question then is at six a.
m.
  is everyone allowed in the park that has reservations or just people  that have eight to 12?  As long as it's just eight to 12, that won't be a problem.
  At the very is there a separate check at supposedly Disneyland?  Supposedly there is like a magic mornings.
  They have a system in place for like when they do an extra magic hour  for only certain guests.
  But I don't know if you just flash your hotel key.
  They've also erected some temporary customer service stations  throughout the whole park, knowing that there's going to be  a million questions about Star Wars in a moment like this.
  I am very glad that we have Mike as our guide through crowd complications  and I don't know a deeply confusing  credit flow scenarios.
  The fact that you got because you were also juggling all this weird  like you had another hotel room, there was all this bizarre.
  I've had five total hotel rooms booked at a certain point.
  And then I got no weird fees to to get rid of them.
  Have to make sure you cancel before a certain time.
  And that's potentially still a tip for people.
  Maybe there are still hotel rooms available towards the end of the month.
  Yeah, there are no there's still you can get one for Thursday.
  Huh? Really? Yeah.
  Because people cancel all the time.
 Sure.
  Yeah.
 So it's just that's the checkers.
  That's the checkers knowledge.
  Thank God there's like in that Falcon cockpit.
  Like we need a good pilot and we need a good engineer,  but we mainly need a good checker.
  We need a good check.
  I'll check in the back of the Falcon.
  I don't have to control the those.
  Thinking back to 2012 and like Cars Land open and the DCA revitalization was done.
  Like we I think you went down opening day  and then we both went down on Sunday of that opening weekend.
  But we just wandered.
  We did it on a whim.
 Parked at Mickey and friends.
  When it is crowded.
 Sure.
  I think I even did Raider Springs Racer is like that opening weekend.
  But it's so crazy how it's evolved.
  Well, I have some trust in that Disney knows what they're doing.
  And I'm going to I'm going to lock in some feelings here a couple of days before  so that I'll see if my expectations are not met or matched a couple of days later.
  But I'm going to say here now before the opening, it's all seemed smoother  so far than I expected it to be.
  The reservation seems smart.
  There being a cap on it seems smart.
  And now will we be able to do all the thing?  I think if I just the fact that I might be able to do one major thing on  the morning of May 31st.
  But you could hear us, you know, if you say fast forward five minutes  and we could all be screaming angry.
 I don't know.
  I don't know.
 We'll see.
  The future isn't written yet.
  You know, that's the thing about the future.
  No, but if the past is any indication, like in Star Wars,  the cycles just keep repeating themselves.
  The story is rhyme, as George Lucas says.
  The story is rhyme.
 You ever see George said that?  Yeah.
 Oh, so that makes it OK that just all the same things happen in episode seven.
  That's what he says.
  Well, if he justified it long ago, we'll all be visited by force  ghosts of ourselves today by May 29th us saying,  but you said you would have a wonderful morning.
  You said you were looking forward to it.
  Shut the fuck up.
  Force ghosts of Christmas future.
  Yeah, I don't know where usually like the other.
  And yes.
 So so stay tuned for the thrilling conclusion in a couple of seconds.
  Yeah.
 The next time you hear us, we will either be doing it or mad  or something will be happening.
  The thrilling conclusion, also known as the meat of this episode.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 The actual.
  Here we go.
 Here it is.
  This is Anaheim dispatch from the front  Galaxy's Edge.
 The time is 717.
  May 31st.
  And we have made it into an empty Tomorrowland.
  Tomorrowland is now a holding pen for Star Wars, Galaxy's Edge.
  But hey, a pretty efficient start, right?  For anybody wondering, is this going to be chaos?  Wasn't chaos yet.
  We were worried there was there's a long line,  but it was just for merch.
  It was at the top floor of the launch.
  Terrifyingly big line.
  Yeah, but no, that was OK.
 It was a quick line.
  We got to see a video of Scott Trowbridge talking about the new land.
  We all shouted Scott Trowbridge together.
  And you know, it's a good crowd when that's happening.
  We did say it's a very good crowd because we are joined by show  favorite guests here.
  I'm going to pull her over.
  Joining us here in line, Jenny Nicholson is here.
  Hi, I'm Jenny and I'm sick.
  We swear it's her.
  I know she sounds different.
  This is my real voice.
  Oh, jeez.
  This is what I just talk like when I'm not doing a video.
  You put on a lot of cheeriness.
  You dredge a lot up for these things.
  It straightens my voice so much that it sounds like this the rest of the time.
  Wow, jeez.
  Well, hey, we'll try to put some filters on it or something.
  Yeah, just raise the pitch a lot.
  It'll make it sound natural.
  I think we can work some magic.
  So we're here at morning number one, but you beat us.
  You've done it already.
  I did the cast preview on the 26th.
  Boy, oh boy.
  What can you tell us?  It was great.
  Sure.
  The blue milk is refreshing.
  OK.
  But it's also a slush, which, you know, I don't like slush that much.
  I see.
 OK.
  So consistency.
  And that's all you have to say.
  Yeah, there's nothing else to go.
  You have items with you.
  You've already done some merch and you don't have to wait in the horrible merch line.
  It's called a quack horn.
  It's a droopy McCool's instruments.
  And I brought my port.
  Can you play a little bit of droopy McCool's instrument?  Of the quack horn?  Yeah, here.
  You need some help?  Oh, this won't be annoying here.
  So this is like a Cantina band flute.
  Looks like a cosmic shillelagh.
  OK.
  And then it doesn't have the last note.
  Beautiful, beautiful, too.
  Hey, it seems like you're an expert on this thing already.
  The notes are so beautiful.
  It's wonderful.
  Can you just really quickly play the podcast, The Ride Beam?  Here you go.
  Yeah, sure.
  Perfect.
  That's it.
  I just improvised that.
  Nailed it.
  Nailed it.
  Exactly what it would be on the podcast.
  You have to pay for realties, but you can use that every episode if you want.
  Geez, thank you so much.
  Well, then we didn't realize you'd be doing musical accompaniment as well.
  I know.
  It's crazy.
  What is your plan of attack going back?  Where do you want to go first?  I want to go straight to the lightsabers.
  Let's not say this too loudly.
  I want to go straight to the lightsabers because it was like the worst line at the preview and  I haven't done it yet.
  OK.
  And I didn't want to do it then because I wanted to be able to record it.
  Same with the droids.
  And there were no photos or videos allowed there.
  Yes.
  So that's my first plan.
  And then I'd like to do the Cantina today, but that might not happen.
  So we'll see.
  Yeah, I hear that's the check-in we can do at about 730 is I do feel like the dream of  first wine at the Cantina is dead.
  Looking at the line ahead of me.
  Oh, I want to drink that Tonneray Alderain.
  Is that the first wine?  Oh, yes.
  Is that Padme?  Is that Padme's wine?  That's what Scott wants to do too.
  Yeah, it's from Alderain.
  And then Alderain was destroyed.
  So it's now in a finite supply.
  Oh, there's no more of those grapes.
  They only have a few cats.
  It's a genocide wine.
  Folks, everyone's lining up for the genocide.
  It's almost too late.
  Yeah.
  It is certainly my hope that we can toast some, what is the name of the wine again?  Tonneray.
  Tonneray.
  If we can all toast some Tonneray wine together and Erin, can you jump in really fast?  Yeah.
  We're talking about wine.
  We're talking wine, so Erin Gerdner has to be summoned.
  Welcome back to the show.
  Do you have a palate?  Yes.
  So you're not going to like the teal wine?  Oh, well, whatever.
  I'm not discriminating.
  If it's wine, you guzzle it down.
  I have a palate for everything.
  Okay, good.
  Well, what about you guys?  If we do a canteen, I've heard, I was hearing people talk around the Tango of Terris last  night about the fuzzy Tonton.
  Tonton.
  Tonton.
  It has some kind of foam on it.
  Uh-huh.
  Yeah.
  But I also learned just now that there's not, there's like tiki-ish glasses, drink stuff.
  Yes, but also they have like a big porg sipper.
  What?  Yeah, they didn't have it at the preview.
  They showed me a picture and they were like, they're going to have this opening day and  I want it more than anything.
  You can drink out of like a hollowed out porg?  I think literally like the straw comes out the top of its head or something.
  It was just a little picture on the menu, but I want it.
  Is it ceramic?  It's probably plastic.
  Yeah.
  I like that popcorn bucket that's the mouse droid as well.
  Wait, what?  That's what I heard.
  There's a pop, maybe I, that's a rumor.
  I don't know.
  I love that.
  Oh, it would be actual size too.
  Yeah, supposedly there's like fun flavor popcorn.
  I've tried that.
  And then it's the mouse droid, supposedly.
  It's like a kettle corny effect.
  It's like the red popcorn is like kind of vaguely spicy and salty and the purple stuff  is like gross and fruity and sweet.
  But together, it's like kettle corn.
  So it's pretty good.
  As long as we can eat out of a hollowed out skeleton or drink.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  If we can fill up a poured skeleton with wine, I think that's the, at 8 a.
m.
  That would be the best outcome.
  I just want to get liquored up at 8.
30 a.
m.
 or 9.
30 a.
m.
  I just want to get so hammered so early at Disneyland.
  That's a regular Friday for me.
  So.
  Nothing different.
  Star Wars doesn't change that.
  Lindsay K.
 Tye's here too.
  What do you think?  Three feelings.
  What do you want to do?  What are you excited about?  I'm excited about whatever you have told me is in this place.
  There's.
  The Millennium Falcon ride.
  Millennium Falcon ride.
  And milk.
  It's blue milk too.
  It's not regular milk.
  And green milk.
  Yes.
  From the teat of that monster in Last Jedi.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Also I've managed to cut myself.
  I don't know how that happened.
  Oh I missed that.
  Oh no.
  When did I winter where you were?  In the bathroom.
  Oh.
  Who knows you guys.
  Yikes.
  You stubbed your toe before we left.
  I stubbed my toe.
  And you've constantly been stubbing it for a day.
  This is like when you go to a new place you injure yourself.
  Yeah.
  This is.
  These edges new and so I have injured myself.
  Obviously.
  Wow.
  A whole new world of injuries for you.
  Yeah.
  So I'm really looking forward to it.
  I think these are good omens.
  The beleaguered accommodating attitude of many significant others coming here today.
  Do you think UGA or Hondo will have a first aid kit for you?  Yes.
  Only you know the answer to that.
  You've read all the previews.
  Yes they do.
  They have it by the counter and it will be fine.
  It's a space first aid kit.
  Like the Cokes.
  It's customized.
  It's like Disneyland has made new again.
  Yes it is.
  Well I mean what else do we have any final thoughts before we hopefully start moving  in a couple minutes?  Only that this was surprisingly easy.
  Like very smooth.
  I'm really impressed with the crowd control.
  They're tiring us out by making us crisscross the park.
  We've gone Main Street to Launch Bay holding in Tomorrowland heading for the Critter Country entrance.
  And we're slightly on the move so maybe this is a good time to.
  Slightly on the move.
  Oh Jenny we should mention is carrying a camera.
  Explain the camera.
  It's a vintage novelty camera that superimposes Phantom Menace characters into the side of  your photo.
  Wow.
  Yeah right now it's set to Qui-Gon Jinn.
  What are the different choices?  It has like Darth Maul, Qui-Gon Jinn, Queen Amidala, Jar Jar, Jake Lloyd and that's probably  it.
  Yeah Jake Lloyd.
  From Jingle All the Way.
  Did I say Darth Maul?  Darth Maul's in there.
  But no Watto.
  Geez.
  It's good it's so archaic that it just tells you like A B C D E F and it gives you a legend  in the instruction booklet you're supposed to memorize.
  Sure.
  So you know that's going to be an interesting thing.
  So you'll show these pictures on Twitter eventually.
  Oh sure I just have to send them away in the mail to have them developed.
  Like a caveman.
  Somebody's got to blow dust off of an old machine.
  Oh here we'll take a picture.
  Can we request Jake Lloyd?  Can we request Jake Lloyd?  Okay yeah yeah.
  Check the legend.
  No I don't remember.
  I'd be fine with General Tarples.
  The Gungan.
  So check Twitter for a picture of us and see.
  Alright.
  And everybody see.
  See.
  Alright.
  Great.
  Thank you.
  We got photos and we're on the way in.
  Jenny, Erin, Lindsay thanks for joining us and we'll see you in Batuu.
  Jason I have a quick question for you while we're waiting out here  and recording live audio in line.
  Are you comfortable as we're doing this?  Yes.
  Yes I am comfortable.
  I am comfortable.
  But am now annoyed.
  No counter points to present?  No.
  Not at this time.
  Counter point though maybe counter point Mike was right?  Is that maybe something you'd like to say now on the record?  We go that far.
  No never.
  I got your mobile order.
  I picked up your mobile order.
  Jason now believes that because he picked up an iced tea for me  he does not owe me a counter point I am right.
  That's fine I think by the end of exploring Batuu and Black Spire Outpost  you will say counter point Mike you are right.
  We'll all be hugging each other and weeping and saying counter point you are right.
  You're all right.
  I love you guys.
  Just waiting with bated breath for the restaurants are in the mobile ordering system  but are not available yet.
  So I want that breakfast hot dog and breakfast milk.
  I saw you praying a couple minutes ago to make sure that everything would go smoothly.
  Yes praying to the sacred Jedi texts.
  To the decks of course.
  All right well next time you'll hear us we'll be in Batuu.
  Now we'll be in Batuu.
  Okay.
  Hi everyone just Jason now.
  Fair warning there is no bathroom in the Cantina.
  So it is not advisable to pound a blue milk outside the Cantina.
  Go in drink a different blue milk and then hope to use the restroom.
  No ins no outs.
  All right we have jumped in time it is 920 and we are wasted.
  We amazingly thanks to the wonderful summer were able to get into the Cantina in the first half hour.
  We were bad boys and joined someone who had already waited a longer time in line.
  But once in a while you get excited and you have to be a little bad.
  There was no choice in this scenario do we not get in today or do we just jump in and do it.
  And I think I speak for all of us when I say maybe I don't.
  I will speak for myself and say I'm very happy but I'm not the one who's had two milks already.
  Well Black Spire Outpost is full of rogues and scoundrels so I think we're all just you know playing by the rules.
  Why are you talking like you're in a Melville novel or something?  We are aren't we?  I guess we are in a way.
  Talking Star Wars isn't it as far as I know.
  It's either that or this.
  Here at the Spire everyone talks like this.
  Like Quint from Jaws.
  Yes like Quint yeah.
  I have had two drinks.
  I have had very little to eat or water so I'm doing very good right now.
  It's still very early.
 What were your drinks Michael?  I had the Bespin Fizz and I had the what was it the Bloody Rancor is what I had.
  Now the Bespin Fizz was a fajitas scenario where you attracted the attention of everyone else in the vicinity.
  Yes I got a lot of attention from strangers which I like.
  Right now things are happening.
  Oh there's some droid.
  There's a droid cleaning station by the way.
  Yeah there's a droid cleaning station right now which is great.
  Somebody's taking a jacuzzi and oil I don't know exactly what's going on.
  If I could actually take a washcloth and scrub one of these droids down I think it would make my experience very nice.
  You would do your part to clean some oil off of some metal.
  If this is too irritatingly loud to listen to my apologies.
  But the Bespin Fizz people were asking questions and taking photos and you were the star of the table.
  Yeah I was finally the star.
 It was something I've wanted for my whole life and it happened in Uga's Cantina.
  Okay a couple things.
 I ordered my long dreamed of white wine but when it showed up it was blue.
  A fun surprise.
 I wasn't sure at first and I see color and I think it's going to taste weird and sugary and fakie.
  I really liked it though.
 I'm feeling fantastic.
  And of course if you're listening to this you may have already seen on Twitter my arrival into DJ Rex's zone.
  I truly don't think I've felt that kind of joy since childhood.
  I feel incredible and I've sustained it via white wine.
 The greatest joy of my post childhood.
  Feelings are good at 921.
  Hey great.
 Jason what do you think before we head over maybe to become pilots?  What are you feeling right now?  Jason did it.
  Oh that's a good point.
  So Jason's tomb melts in and Jason had to use the bathroom as soon as he sat down at Uga's.
  Waited it out until he could finish his drink and then quickly ran out to find the refreshers.
  Found it and then proceeded to solo ride or walk on to the Millennium Falcon.
  So you've done it.
  Alright so don't tell us anything.
 We're doing it now.
  Scoundrel Anaka is not pleased that you scoundrels for getting hammered.
  You know Hondo can eat shit.
 I don't give a shit what Hondo wants.
  Let's go give him a piece of our mind right now.
 We're going to go see Hondo right now.
  Oh my god.
  Out of the way.
  I'm keeping an eye on the pilots.
  You go left and I go right.
  I see.
 I see.
 I see.
 I see.
  Now let's go get that kuaqiao.
  Where is it?  Leave the jump to the sea.
  Where is it?  Go.
 Go.
  Watch out.
  This is the pilot action.
  This is the trick we have been using.
  You have heard the first order and made Chewie proud.
  Now after my modest profit, your cut, minus what you owe me for damaging the Falcon, is full.
  That was rough.
  Yeah, so okay.
 That was us on the Millennium Falcon.
  It's already two days ago that that happened.
  Yes.
 Now it's Monday.
 More time jumps.
  But now we have experienced it.
 We're back on earth and we can reflect on our experience.
  Which was pretty wild.
  You could hear, hey, that audio speaks for itself.
  We're all really vocalizing the fun that we're having.
  We're giddy.
 We're a few drinks in as well.
  Jason had no alcohol I believe at this point.
  I was on a sugar high.
 Yeah, that's one of my things when I go back.
  I have not had the first drink on Disneyland soil yet.
  I was just drinking candy milk all morning.
  Right.
 You had a candy milk.
 I think you referenced it a little bit.
  You had a candy milk outside of the Cantina and then inside the Cantina.
  There was no alcohol in what you had, wasn't there?  No, that was a non-alcoholic drink.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  You had two drinks.
 I only fit the one in.
  I had the Bloody Rancor and the Bespin Fizz.
  If you follow us on social media, the Bespin Fizz was the one I was very excited about.
  It was moving in my hand because of the dry ice.
  Somebody really insulted me because I think in the video I said,  this feels like it's dangerous to drink because it was so much cold steam coming out of it.
  Someone's like, dry ice.
 Don't eat the dry ice, but it's fine or something.
  There was a little protective thing like the Flaming Moe.
  The dry ice is not going to go into my mouth because it's protected under there.
  I see.
  I felt a little stupid, but that was very exciting because I like a colorful nonsense drink.
  Here's the main thing that the morning drinking did for me.
  I just had my one blue wine, but it was enough that I made it through the Falcon Line,  which is a fantastic line, instantly one of the great lines.
  The smells are fantastic.
 This burning rubber smell.
  There's a lot of chaos.
 Problems being reported in the hangar, whatever it is.
  Then I don't think I knew we were at the door.
  It all happened so fast and that line's really efficient.
  When the doors slid open, revealing Hondo.
  Oh, right.
  Then he does his spiel.
 You're watching one of the greatest animatronics ever created.
  The Falcon lands behind him and then Chewie calls in.
 I cried.
 I cried actual tears.
  I think it's become clear I do not have quite the affection for Star Wars that you guys have.
  I wasn't really raised on it.
 I don't have so much emotion about it,  but something I think maybe was the Parks emotion.
  You've been tracking the progress of this for so long,  and now we're about to get on the Falcon and Chewie calls in.
  The reveal of that room was a holy shit moment.
 Amazing.
  The genuine greatness of the room was revealed,  because I think I had a pretty decent idea of what the ride itself was.
  I've seen pictures of the cockpit.
 Obviously, it's from the movie, so you know what it is already.
  Even I saw pictures of the animatronic,  and I didn't get a sense of what the room looked like, what the scope of it was.
  I swear I saw somebody say that it was only half a robot or something.
  You didn't see a full animatronic.
  I think that's just in that video that was that little promo video that somebody might have been confused.
  But he's walking, and he moves, and it opens up to a very fantastic room.
  It's like you're like, ooh.
  All the doors in the whole land, they have the Star Wars door sliding open effect down.
  Even just going to the bathroom or walking into the bar, it works.
  We've got to make sure to talk about the bathroom.
  I was pretty shocked.
 I remember looking at everyone's faces a couple times,  and everyone had sort of the same glee.
  Open mouth awe.
 Incredible.
  The Hondo robot, I think I didn't know the placement of him.
  I was even jumbled up.
 I forgot he was on this ride and not the other ride.
  It's all a little mixed up in my head.
  But the reveal of him and seeing where he is, he's up on this elevated platform,  and it makes him, it feels like a cross between Rocket Raccoon and Ben Franklin climbing the stairs  in the American Adventure long ago.
  It's the realistic moving around, like human movement.
  I guess he's not a human, but he's human.
  He's humanoid.
  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  Seeing a human-sized animatronic moving around with such dexterity.
  And also I'd seen video of that robot just in a warehouse, and I thought, well, it's cool.
  I don't know that I'm having any real feelings about it.
  I was wondering with lighting and with the full art direction, is it going to freak me out?  It totally did.
 It's such a jaw dropper.
 Incredible.
  Yeah, yeah.
 That part was the biggest surprise.
  The emotion, I think, is just something great.
  Like when you see something great.
  Yeah, when you're a little drunk and you see something great is sort of the feeling.
  And you have barely slept and you're drinking at a time that you've never drank, I think ever.
  Yeah, I don't think.
 What did we, we got in there, we got in the Cantina at eight?  We were in by, I was looking at timestamps.
  So we were in there.
 Oh yeah, that early.
 Yeah.
 So we had our drinks probably by.
  I think maybe one time in Las Vegas, I had a 9 a.
m.
 beer.
  Maybe what you think like you're maybe having a Bloody Mary if you're having an early brat or like a mimosa.
  I don't like Bloody Mary's.
 I don't either.
  I ordered a Bloody Rancor and didn't even think about what I was ordering.
  Yeah.
  And then they put it in front of me and I went, oh yeah.
 I hate this.
  Did you like that? It's fine.
  Sure.
 It's just not your genre.
  That's not my thing.
 I'm not against like tomato juice.
  There wasn't really a presentation for like the coffee one.
 The coffee.
  Yeah.
  So I had to be.
 I forget if I don't know what we recorded prior, but I had to order off menu.
  We got a we got a two sided sheet of like morning drinks.
  And I was like, fuck this.
 Give me that wine.
 Yeah.
  Like the guys taking the orders.
 I think he's probably like whoever's ordering before me isn't even done.
  And I'm like, can I still get that wine? Wine still level?  Which one? The Tang Ray or what's it called?  Tana Ray.
  What is it?  Tana Ray.
  Tana Ray.
  Tana Ray.
  T-O-N-I-R-A-Y.
  Okay.
 Okay.
 He's like, which one are you thinking? The Tana Ray? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'd be the Tana Ray.
  Yes.
 Two of those please.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  The other is an Imperial Red.
 I believe it's a cab.
  Maybe that's my next drop.
 Maybe when I return.
  If I get into the Cantina, that's something to talk about.
  We said it prior on the day.
  We only got in because we were kind of bad boys.
  Oh yeah.
 We have to admit this.
  We jumped in line a little bit because our friend Andrew was with him.
 His friend Summer.
  And thank God for Summer.
 Were it not for Summer getting there so early.
  We owe Summer big time.
  Yeah, we do.
 We really struggled with it.
  We tried.
 He jumped in line and they were like, come on in.
 It's no problem.
  We were waved over.
  We were waved over and then we were like, ah, you know, with so many people.
  And we tried to get in the Falcon line and we were in a panic at this point.
  I think we were all frantic.
 Yeah, we had gotten to the back of the Falcon line.
  I am consuming candy milk.
 I'm consuming frozen candy milk.
  Oh yeah, Jason Reddy has his candy milk at 8-10.
  I ordered as the gates opened, the mole ordering activated.
  And my window, I got to the stand at like 8-02, 8-03 and it was for like eight,  the pick up at between 8-10 and 8-20.
  Yeah.
 And I had to go like, hi, Jason.
 I don't know if mine went, it went through.
  And they're like, oh yeah, there you are.
 And they, they got it for, they handed it to me.
  Damn.
 Yeah.
 And then I had lost you guys at that point because it was kind of a scramble.
  And then we all split up.
 We never saw Jenny again.
  We never saw Jenny.
  That's true.
 They were friends.
  So if you were hoping for her to come back on this episode, sorry.
  Nope, not going to happen.
  Nope.
  Yeah.
 It was, it was sort of chaos.
 And we really felt like we had to pick exactly what we were going to do.
  And there's, we didn't know how everything was going to go down.
  Because I think also like later on in the land, five minutes for Millennium Falcon ride.
  Yeah.
  Like, so we didn't know that was the case.
  We're like, we got to pick our thing right now or we're not going to get anything done.
  There was a lot of like scared straight stuff online.
  And a friend of mine was like, oh, I read that you're not going to be able to do the Cantina and the Falcon.
  And I was like, okay.
 And I was like, are you sure?  And he goes, yeah, I've read a lot of people say that.
  And I was like, shit.
 Okay.
  So there's a lot of fear.
  But, and I said, we still didn't do everything.
  We, I didn't even go in Doc Ondar's den of iniquities.
  What is it called?  Doc Ondar's den of antiquities.
  Antiquities, not iniquities.
  Okay.
 Got it.
  Not inequalities.
  Not inequalities.
  A lightsaber show we can't speak to.
  You haven't done that yet either.
  That had the most line.
  I mean, Cantina obviously had a line, but in terms of lines that were definitely not moving, at least the Cantina people left once they had their drinks.
  There was a crazy queue for that build a lightsaber experience.
  Yeah.
  It's unclear if we can do it without buying or we can just say no afterward.
  Like we can not get it.
  We can shed some light on our experiences, but that we, we are not a hundred percent on, but I'll say this.
  I did that.
  I have done all the positions in the Falcon.
  I did the Falcon three times.
  I know you're bragging about it.
  But the first time I did single rider after I fled the Cantina looking to find a bathroom, because I had to use the bathroom pretty much from when I stepped foot in the land.
  And then the scramble happened and I downed two beverages.
  And then really had to use the bathroom.
  And I'm like trying to sweet talk all the cast members in the Cantina.
  It's like, hey, is there a bathroom in here?  In my head, knowing there's no way they built a fucking bathroom in here, which they of course have not.
  And I'm like, can I go back out and come back in?  They're like, you cannot.
  So I'm all jumbled up at this point.
  We I'm worried we've told this story like seven times in the episode.
  I don't remember.
  It's possible.
  I remember when we did what?  I think I give Lin a little.
  But single basically once I had used the bathrooms, then I did single rider on the Falcon and got right on.
  But you skip all of the pre show.
  OK, you skip the Hondo sequence.
  You do hang out in the Falcon like quarters.
  I think we thought I think you talked about this in the live.
  We're previewing everything.
  I think you also said this over and repeated the thing you talked about outside.
  Sorry, you guys have to deal with it twice.
  I'm not cutting this out.
  You got to hear anecdotes twice.
  I'm so I don't know what the hell.
  Did I mention that I hung out with Rex and I drank blue wine?  Did I ever say that?  Yeah, I didn't.
  I think I'm going to.
  Yeah, perhaps.
  What have we not talked about, though?  Well, we didn't talk about we came in just going into the land.
  It was a very fun.
  Maybe maybe.
  Oh, we did not.
  Yeah, like like we walked in and we've said a little bit and we've said it a couple of times.
  This thing was so efficient and we got right to the land date.
  And I'm sure we say that in the upcoming land test interview.
  But we got to go through and this big fun ceremony basically felt like an unofficial ceremony of like Imagineers and Disney parks people all like kind of like lined along Star Wars, Galaxy's Edge.
  Business casual, minute management, middle management clapping.
  Yeah, like thank God we got this open and you'll give us more money.
  They were so happy about that.
  It felt like really it was oddly emotional to be there.
  Really glad.
  I feel like we'll always have that.
  We did that day one and we got that line of applause and they're applauding us for coming in.
  But I think thank you.
  You did it.
  Holy shit.
  Scott Trowbridge, who was there somewhere because I saw on his Twitter, he was there in that line, but I didn't see him.
  I was looking for him, but I didn't notice him.
  I was really trying to find him so I could yell his name because I was getting really used to yelling things in the morning because I yelled.
  I saw Fresh Baked Disney, the YouTuber.
  I don't know if they call him that, but I yell Fresh Baked Adam.
  So I was like really enjoying yelling things.
  So I was like going to yell Scott.
  Thank you, Scott.
  But I didn't see him.
  So now we did a lot of yelling of Bright Suns.
  Yes, Bright Suns.
  That is how you say hello or good morning.
  I didn't.
  OK.
  You guys knew all this.
  I didn't know about no Bright Suns.
  They released a key of the Batu customs and stuff.
  I see.
  I didn't know about Bright Suns.
  OK.
  So yes, you.
  Here's a tip.
  When you get there, hello is Bright Suns, although it's different at night.
  I forget what it is at night.
  Oh, it's a shit.
  I just saw that.
  Yeah.
  Oh, whatever.
  It's something about stars.
  Right.
  To the spires is kind of like a goodbye or or is it till the spires till the spires.
  I've seen it written as both.
  I'm not sure.
  And then like made the spires keep you is a good bias.
  Yes.
  Now, this seems like the kind of if you would describe this to me before, I probably would  have verbally rolled my eyes.
  However, having been there, it felt so much like a foreign travel experience, like I'm  comparing it to having just been to Japan where you learn your couple phrases and it  kind of helps you through all your interactions and makes you feel like a local just in the  tiniest little way.
  And it it like it's this real analog of it's this little language thing makes you feel  so much more like you traveled to a foreign place.
  Yeah.
  Rather than you went to land in a theme park in Anaheim.
  Yeah, it's a lot.
  It's details.
  All of it is details and the phrases and things also just great details.
  I was reading you're supposed to say let the wookie win to the resistance and they may  like give you something.
  I don't know.
  That's what I saw.
  I'm going to try it.
  We'll see.
  Yeah.
  There's like other little things I think you can say.
  There's a lot of like secrets, which is so much fun.
  A lot of secrets.
  There's people wandering around, which Len talks about in the interview.
  So I won't go into that.
  What was I going to say?  Yeah, those characters.
  There's a we missed there's this Kylo show evidently.
  Yeah, Jason.
  I saw a little I saw that a little from a distance.
  But then there's a show with Maradi, the woman we saw in the but there's an original character  that there's a book coming out starring this character.
  There's a walk around person playing this character, too.
  And there's like a little mini stunt pop up thing.
  Well, above that one entrance, there was like a catwalk and that and she's like pursued  by storm troopers.
  And I think she shows up.
  So really, there's almost little pop up happenings going on.
  This storm troopers.
  When you realize that there's storm troopers up on that second level, we're doing things.
  Incredible.
  have to give so much credit to the Harry Potter team.
  Yeah, pioneering like there's very specific that you can't say ripped off.
  It's not ripped up because I think if you think of something in theme park world, it  becomes part of theme park vernacular.
  It's part of language now anybody can do it.
  But the idea there's very specific things, little weird pop up shows that involve puppets  and such sometimes and like cages with weirdo animals that are rustling around and waking  up.
 The idea that the I mean, obviously the beverages, the idea that your your merch getting  experience is also a show.
  Yes, I picked open all of this and Disney took the ball and ran with it.
  Yes.
  I mean, it's up to the listener, really.
  Is it better?  I think it could be better.
  A rising tide lifts all ships, I think.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  One one innovates and the other responds and then it just keeps going back and forth.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So what will the Nintendo experience of making your own merch be?  What will that what will what will surpass even these two?  They have to, you know, suspenders design your own.
  Design your own plumber suspenders.
  Your dream finally realized.
  Are you saying I can put my own initial on a hat?  Yeah.
  Instead of M or L.
  It's a you.
  Pick your own color.
  Scott, pick your color.
  It's a me.
  Scotty-o.
  Well, everyone has to have an O at the end of their name.
  That's the only thing.
  You can't justify that.
  Yes.
  Men and women both.
  By the way, that actually is a really good idea.
  Yeah.
  With your initial one.
  It's a different color.
  And if we see it in the land, we'll know that they they stole it.
  Here's a here's a little detail.
  Do you remember or were you guys around when a ship whizzed by and then maybe this was  only me.
  A ship whizzed by and I turned my head.
  What was that?  Where did that go?  Realized that was pure audio.
  Oh, yeah.
  May have been a light as part of it to some subtle light, but it was just like ultra stereo  effects.
  A ship whizzing by.
  Audio landscape soundscapes are incredible.
  Yeah.
  There's stuff everywhere.
  There's even more down by the resistance camp, which I got to a few minutes before you guys  and then you guys came and we pretty much had to leave at that point.
  I will say a couple of things if you haven't been following one.
  They didn't really they didn't pistol whip us to get out of the land.
  They was pretty no stormtrooper clearance.
  No.
  And I don't know if we maybe we alluded to it a little in the clip so far.
  Everything was so smooth.
  Everything was so smooth.
  We talk about it in the next clip, though, for sure.
  Yeah.
  But it is like it's so crazy that everybody thought this was going to be hell on earth  and my myself potentially included.
  Although I did say before we went that I have a good feeling about this as opposed to Tilted  Brak Sunstar Tourist.
  Like Alden said, you have a very good feeling about this.
  Does that said in really?  Yeah, he says that in solo.
  I'm missing out.
  Boy, everything gets flipped on its head.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, I it just felt like all the like they knew they had the stakes were so high,  which is why I had I also had a very good feeling about this.
  And yeah, everything there was an article that just I don't forget where it was from.
  I just read it was like this could like change the game for new lands essentially in any  theme park because Harry Potter, they had to limit the amount of people in the land.
  But you would have to wait eight hours when Orlando opened.
  Yeah.
  Whatever, depending on the day to get in the land.
  But this combined with the fact that they're going to do virtual queuing next month, which  I think that'll actually start to be worse in the park again.
  But the land still will be at like a good capacity where you won't be crushed by people,  which is what was people leader.
  It's huge.
  It's huge.
  And it feels like they could triple the amount of people that were in there and still be  comfortable and still be reasonably comfortable.
  The last 45 minutes of our time there, that was started to feel the crunch because there  was an hour overlap with the next group.
  And that's when things started to go like, yeah, it was a little more.
  But it's still like it wasn't like walking by New Orleans Square during Fantasmic, which  is the craziest amount of people you can possibly cram in one space.
  Yeah.
  But like it was never like that.
  So it wasn't like the part of my Tokyo trip where like the small world.
  It was a Saturday and the small world fast pass like corridor was so much worse than  anything we experienced in the new galaxy's edge on opening day.
  Right.
  It's really insane.
  And I was comparing it all.
  I think like a lot of my fear came from remembering what it was like the entire first summer of  the Indiana Jones adventure.
  And there wasn't any of this technology yet.
  It was like, all right, there's a big line.
  So get in it.
  Yeah.
  It took over all of that little like sort of the Fiesta area of Frontierland, just wrap  around, wrap around, wrap around.
  And the entire indoor queue was used.
  It took so fucking long.
  And like, but you've got to remember, it's not 1995 anymore.
  There's technologies beyond to here stand in a big line.
  It's like when you're it's like when you have a big two liter of soda and it's shaken up  and you can do two things.
  You can just open it up and it sprays everywhere.
  You let a little gas out every like second.
  You know what I mean?  It's like you're kind of like this is the way they're now doing it where it's like we  make sure we limit it and we get take a little.
  Okay.
  Some of the people now are good.
  They've they're satiated.
  They've seen it.
  And hopefully you do that over the course of a few months as opposed to like everybody  get down here, line up along Harbor.
  It's hell.
  Well, and I think they knew that everyone has a megaphone nowadays, right?  Everyone has a smartphone.
  So if it was a disaster, there would have been hundreds or thousands of people posting  that like, yeah, this sucks.
  This is bad.
  Yeah.
  But I don't think we had a bad experience.
  Like I said, the last little bit, there was a choke.
  Like I dock on ours was too full.
  Mobile ordering for a couple.
  I tried like I got a little bit of time left.
  Should I get another food thing or another drink?  And it was only letting me mobile order a couple hours ahead of time so I couldn't have  come back.
  Other than that, pretty that's pretty minor like friction issues.
  None of these are things you could put in a headline and go, wait, what happened?  I will say one of honestly, one of my biggest disappointments is that the giant pod racer  that they're cooking meat on doesn't look like the pod racer in the art in the promo  art.
  But that is such a huge thing for such a little practice.
  It's such an amazing.
  Oh yeah.
  It's huge.
  It's just for placement.
  It's not any practical application and it's still cool.
  It's just like a little like kind of rubbery thing over an engine, which is also like one  of the pod racing engines.
  But in the promo art, there's like a really cool, sleek looking pod racer engine.
  But that's who cares?  Maybe my biggest disappointment is the pod racing engine.
  Well here, let's OK.
  So what is going wrong now?  It's a couple of days after we have heard reports that there have been spork issues.
  Well, I guess we'll get into this actually with the way that we'd land a little bit in  the future.
  Miraculously, we talk about there is a spork tangent in the.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  OK.
  So what what what Lynn predicted did come true a little bit.
  But again, like that's one of the biggest problems they're having.
  I guess now you would have to say this Cantina thing is a mess, although apparently already  there is a text based system in place now.
  Yes.
  You give a name and you get a text message when it is your time.
  Which I have wanted for years.
  Like chilies can do that.
  Macaroni Grill can say like go to the Barnes and Noble, come back, we'll text you when  you come back.
  And Disney has all these bars where it's just like just stand in the line and it's like  just text us to come back.
  When everything else in the park is mobile.
  Everything else is text.
  Some of the hotel restaurants have it.
  Some of the hotel restaurants will text you to come back.
  But like this is great.
  And hopefully it's working well and hopefully they roll it out at like the Pixar Pier at  Lamplighter and like other places of that type.
  There's something in the restaurant, I thought, where they do text.
  Maybe not the actual lounge, but maybe for the actual restaurant itself.
  Yeah, I think we do have to say it is a legitimate problem.
  It does make it more of an exclusive.
  Like how great do we feel?  How much different was our day because we got into the Cantina first thing.
  But if we hadn't, I don't know.
  And some of the people who take all this effort to get down there and book hotels and then  don't get close to the Cantina.
  It's sort of a mess.
  I don't know why they didn't build like two or three more.
  I don't know why it's not double the size.
  I do think you would have to call this a fuck up that they didn't anticipate the insane  popularity of that place.
  It's weird.
  Yeah, it feels like it's like less capacity or it's at least the same as the Carthay  Lounge, which is just sort of a little afterthought because there's a full restaurant.
  So it's weird.
  It is weird that there's not like two or three rooms like make three rooms of this with like  a different fun droid DJ or entertainment or something like it seems odd that they would  not foresee that being the only place you can drink in Disneyland being popular.
  Yes.
  Plus, yeah, let's not even include that it is Star Wars mythology and that, you know,  some people have very strong feelings about Rex like myself.
  But even if you don't, it is a if you've never heard of Rex before, there's a droid DJ playing  original music for three hours.
  This is the coolest thing ever.
  Of course, there's going to be a line for two and a half hours.
  But yeah, and I will I'll even take it back.
  I'll say like this could just be an empty janitor's closet with one man in a bottle  of fireball whiskey.
  It's the only place to drink in Disneyland.
  It's going to be popular.
  Yeah, people will go to the closet full closet with the man with the fireball, especially  if it's a guy from A New Hope who's like he doesn't like you.
  I don't like you either.
  I did notice a couple of things of our canteen experience that I thought were well, this  was like we ordered the first round of drinks as he brought the drinks.
  He also brought the check.
  So like they closed it out immediately.
  They did let you guys orders.
  Mike ordered the second drink.
  Also, coasters.
  He put down coasters when he came back.
  He got a through more coaster.
  He's like these motherfuckers are going to what coast like and they're pretty cool about  that at the place in Disney Springs.
  The Lindsey Lindsey, you can start Dexter, Dexter, who joined us.
  I'm glad he I'm glad he's sort of Lindsey's.
  Chuck Lindsey's has cool coasters, too.
  And they were very much like, yeah, take a pile.
  Is this like what I'm realizing?  I think I think here's what we have to say is that the you're talking about our cool  coasters are we've talked about how cool these future sports are, how the sounds and  smells.
  And if you ask me what's I'm preparing to tell people just like, oh, man, what was that?  Well, how was it?  What was your favorite thing?  It was it was all that stuff.
  It's details.
 It's being there.
  And like, was the Millennium Falcon ride cool?  Sure.
 We have a little bit of complaints which we can get into.
  But we do like.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 But the yeah.
  And the Cantina, the Cantina might be like the place highlights, although Droid Depot  is up there, too.
 But truly, what is great about Galaxy's Edge, it's being there.
  It's those little.
 And I don't think we found even like 20 percent of those things.
  Like if the coasters are that good, I bet we're like we're we're missing a napkin or a,  you know, or a sink somewhere that would be one of our favorite things in the land.
  They figured out.
 Yeah.
  In the in the bathrooms, which on Batu are called the refreshers.
  There's a radio station playing.
  There's more original music in the restroom.
  Really? Yeah.
  Did you not catch that? I don't think I did.
  There is music playing and every now and then a DJ will chime in to the red chili  peppers play on the radio station.
  Only.
 Yeah, I think that they've really taken and we get into we get into it with a little  bit of some of our interactions.
  But I think and I've mentioned this a couple of times in the show before, one of the best  star tours line memories I have is when the stormtroopers came for like grabbed my arm  really hard and like scared me.
  I turned around, there were stormtroopers and I went, ah, and then they did like a fun  bit with some kids or one kid and they kind of kicked the kid out of line who was trying  to like cut in line or whatever.
  And I was we were all delighted by it.
  And it does feel like the Imagineers really know that that's the stuff that sticks with  people.
 So, yeah, it's full of that stuff and it's full of stuff that don't that doesn't  feel I'm sure it's on a schedule of some kind, but stuff that doesn't feel like it's on a  schedule.
 So it feels very personal to you as you're doing it like, oh, Jason caught  a little bit of Kylo Ren show.
  We didn't catch that.
 There's nothing on the pamphlet that says, oh, it's 315 Kylo Ren  does a show.
 So it feels like you're just getting to see something that's happening.
  And it's just for you and the people that are around you.
  So like they've all that's this that that's the triumph, I feel like of this land is just  populating it with things that make everyone feel like special, make them feel like you're  having a special little thing.
  I mean, the day and a half we were down there, I was like enjoying walking around the parks  just in general, just especially the emptiness on Friday, just walking around and being  there.
 And Galaxy's Edge just took that feeling just like multiplied by a thousand.
  How great did you all feel right after?  We probably should have recorded right at noon on the way out the door.
  We were like, yeah, we were like a little high and weird.
  We were kind of like speechless.
  Maybe it wouldn't have been good because we were it really just felt like we'd I don't  know, something washed over us.
  It was really insane.
 And I think you put a great mic.
  You said, I don't feel like I have a sense of it.
  Yeah, it was such a weird flurry.
  Also, to compare it to Japan, I bet you guys felt like this all the time in Japan, not  just Disney, but the city, but Tokyo itself.
  Just like, what was that?  I don't think I know.
 Even I have no like I'm so overwhelmed by it.
  And that's that's how Batu feels.
  Yeah.
 Well, with so many so many of the things we talk about on the show, we've especially  Disneyland and Universal stuff, we've seen it and been on it like a hundred times.
  So, yeah, to get to try to cram all of that in even four hours is very overwhelming.
  And especially to be have two drinks at 8 a.
m.
  Like the feeling was like a little disoriented.
  And then we walked out to the coolest new addition to the Hungry Bear restaurant.
  The new Hungry Bear sign.
  There's a new sign, everybody.
  And it's a little like grizzly bear trying to get a little honey or a honey beehive,  excuse me, which I kept insisting he was he was fixing the sign.
  No, there he is.
 He's fixing the sign.
  No, he's clearly searching for it.
  No, he's lending and lending a bar.
  Yeah.
 Then shortly thereafter, I got on the marked way and I had a whole deck to myself.
  Like I had the whole middle deck.
  It was just me and a cast member.
  We all see.
  And he was wonderful.
  Oh, yeah, we all sort of went our different way.
  But we'd like, yeah, Aaron and Lindsay hung out in Carthay  and the Carthay lunch for like an hour and 45 minutes while we talk to our guest.
  You'll hear.
 Yeah.
  And that was pretty.
  There was no lines anywhere.
  And that was after Lindsay and I went on Guardians of the Galaxy four times in a row.
  She's beating the record that you, Jason, Geo, Anthony Geo  and I had of three times in a row right early in the morning.
  And I may be going like very, very soon.
  And maybe I'll beat it.
  Maybe I'll beat four.
  See if I can do five.
  We got four different songs, too.
 Very impressive.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  You got you covered the gamut of the soundtrack.
  Well, there's two more.
 There's six.
  So, yeah, pretty good.
  Yeah.
 So it was a real popcorn into Rockets mouth and no one stopped you.
  Nope, they didn't care.
  So, yeah, the whole day was very fun because  Disney scared everyone away.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And you know what else is weird is like every cast member elsewhere  was seeing our wristbands and going, oh, my God, how was it?  And how's it going over there?  Like you felt like this weird.
  It felt like everybody who was working was not working.
  Like everybody's brain was elsewhere.
  And we just like all of the typical sort of customer interaction was broken.
  Just like, wait, can we stop and talk about this for a second?  Because they're all so curious themselves.
  It's what everyone's talking about.
  The DJ in downtown Disney is calling out like,  I see some people here have been to Batu.
  All right.
 You've seen the Black Spires and, you know,  I hope you had a magical day out there and back here on Earth.
  The weather's pretty nice.
  And it was just there was odd.
  It's what everyone was thinking about.
  I want to go back and I was like, there's like six things I didn't even do.
  I mean, you guys ate in docking day seven.
  I didn't because I just eat and I had the Ronto Roasters.
  I had the space hot dogs.
  Well, that's that hot dog content up.
  If not already, I didn't.
  Yeah, it was too full to go and dock on to ours.
  I didn't even stop at the first wood or shop or the resistance  shop, which I think is just like, you know, carts because it's meant to look  temperate like they have to pack up at a moment's notice.
  Oh, interesting.
 Huh?  Yeah, that's fine.
 Yeah, there's a bunch of things I did.
  Green milk.
 I didn't have I only had the blue milk.
  Sorry, I didn't get to the green milk this time, but something exciting  to look forward to when I go back.
  Oh, we should.
 Well, let's talk Droid Depot a little bit.
  Oh, yeah, sure.
  The I didn't I didn't do enough previewing to know that the way you assemble  your droid is a conveyor belt of loose parts.
  Yeah, yeah, incredible.
 Really great.
  That was and even if you don't do it yourself,  just watching that thing go by is so fun.
  Bunch of weird dude ads, you know, how the hell they begin to go together.
  And apparently and I watched videos of people doing it where they'll pick up,  oh, this looks like a good top.
  And but they know you're building an R2 that goes with the BB.
  That doesn't work.
  So you have to like learn processes while you're doing that.
  That's the funnest toy experience.
  Yeah, it really is.
  And like Scott and I both got Rex's.
 Oh, yeah.
  And but the thing is, like, yeah, that droid putting the droid together seems fun,  but maybe I don't need more toys.
  I already have too many.
  And maybe there's a couple on the way still in my mail.
  And I don't need another droid, but I want to do it.
  I really want to build a droid and I want to make them purple.
  Well, that's going to be one of those things that like in how do you keep  Galaxy's Edge interesting for you if you don't do that for three years?  Yeah.
 Oh, you know what I never did was was droid.
  I also the lightsaber thing to which we didn't do, which seems very cool.
  And they have much like Harry Potter.
  They have make your own lightsaber and you get your Kyber crystals  and you do the whole thing and your hand and your hilt your hilt.
  But they also have legacy lightsabers, much like Harry Potter,  where you can also just buy like Snape's wand or Harry's wand.
  Yeah.
 You can buy Luke's lightsaber or Mace Windu's lightsaber.
  And I'm looking on Twitter and I'm like, oh, these look pretty good.
  Yeah.
 But I don't know.
 No, no.
  Bad Michael.
  Oh, it's hard.
  Isn't it funny that the whole thing is an outpost in a marketplace,  a bustling, you know, place where you can buy a ton of shit.
  And I did a charming marketplace, but with wide walkways.
  True.
 And lots of cash registers.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I have one complaint.
  I did.
 So I did buy Rex, which I have zero complaints about.
  What a toy.
 It's great.
  But in ringing him up, the cashier said,  what was the phrase? It was like, do you have credentials?  Something like that.
 Oh, is that ID?  I think that was that was the term for annual pass.
  There's a term for annual pass.
  And I miss I didn't know what she was asking.
  And I said, no.
 Oh, no, I didn't know this, Scott,  because I haven't told a story that happened to me while we were there.
  Oh, the day before.
 Uh huh.
  When I paid, I went we went to Black Tap Burgers and Shakes.
  And a little while after we were there,  I realized I did not give the annual pass.
  I did not get the annual pass discount.
  Holy fucking shit.
  For.
 Oh, do you need to like stop recording and just like vent a little bit?  No, because I went back and they're like, oh, this happens all the time.
  We'll fix it.
 And they.
 You went back.
 Yeah.
  Because it was again, it was empty later.
  So I was like, hey, is this a can you do that?  And they're like, yeah.
 And they like did it in 30 seconds.
  When I was toward money to your car.
  Yeah, they restored like seven dollars to my card.
 So that much really? Yeah.
  Yeah, I know.
 I got fucked on because they do.
  I love I'll give that tip.
 Joy Depot.
 They do.
  I thought I thought they did.
  I thought none of it was going to take any.
  Did you get it? I did.
 I did.
 OK, you did.
  But they yeah.
  And food, we mobile ordered.
  And that was a discount.
  Oh, you got something very rare.
  Do you know about this?  It's already sold out.
 The gift card.
  Oh, is it sold out already? Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So I believe Dave Meske, who I went to elementary school with,  who is a Patreon subscriber, tweeted at us during like I think we were over  by the Marantos Roasters.
  And there was a person who tweeted that you can get these cool little gift cards  that are like pieces of metal with a cool symbol on it.
  And those are the gift cards in Batu.
  And someone was like, you can just get one of these and use it to buy something else.
  And it happened like minutes before I went into Joy Depot.
  And I saw them sitting there at the counter.
  And I said, is it possible?  Can I just buy one of these and then use it to buy racks?  And she's like, oh, sure, I guess.
  So I did that and I have it.
  It's upstairs.
 It's a cool little coin.
  It looks neat.
 Yeah.
  So I didn't realize those were sold out already.
  So get get through this Batuvian language jargon nonsense  and make sure you get your annual pass discount because I ate it a little bit  financially, but no regrets because now Rex is rolling around my house.
  If you follow me on Instagram, you may have already seen  I was having my DJ Rex take requests.
  And thank you, everyone who did that for sending in your requests.
  I've had so much fun with him already.
  And follow me at SkizGerdner on Instagram, and maybe I'll do it again  in the Insta stories that we do.
  Oh, we did.
 We did a lot of Rex played crack and cocaine.
  I hate music.
 A lot of our favorites.
  It was a videopolis.
 It was a blast.
  The toy is great.
 You've been fucking around with it, too.
  You sent us a video of him playing Kokomo.
  Much appreciated.
  But I dog hates him.
  Yeah, cats are cats are a little freaked out.
  Oh, and my cats are real freaked out by the Porg.
  Oh, Aaron, Aaron bought a Porg puppet.
  The Porg puppet is great.
  It's got two little levers when you reach up into it.
  One is arm flaps, wings.
  One is sound.
  And my cats sound exactly like a Porg.
  So they should get along great.
  It's that little flutter.
  And so they should be best of friends.
  But it truly freaks them out, especially because,  OK, you operate it for a little bit, right?  And then you set it down.
  That was fun.
 No more.
  No more more Porg.
  About 45 seconds to a minute later, it just makes a sound on its own.
  Oh, wow.
 It just adds to this feeling of it's alive.
  And this land that is so interactive, you bring to your home this same feeling.
  I didn't just buy a puppet.
  That's an alive Porg.
  It's freaking out my cats, even if I'm not touching it.
  Yeah, that's great.
  I didn't realize it even did that.
  Yeah.
 So cool.
  Does your Jason got a waddle?  I got went to the Toy Darien toy shop and I got the waddle plush.
  And I think the secret plush.
  No, because they're meant to look like hand stitched.
  Right, right.
 They're not a real someone.
  But it's so funny to think like 20 years ago,  if you had told me as the movie as the Phantom Menace was coming out,  like when you are 33 years old, you're going to be so psyched  to buy a stuffed waddle at Disneyland, not Disney World.
  But you're going to be very happy to see that stuffed waddle.
  That that was my that as I've aged, like that's why I like that.
  You can't believe they made a waddle.
  Yes, that's why I live in California now.
  I live in California.
  I'm irony.
  You are.
 You do have irony poisoning, but it's fine.
  And you can have hot dogs.
  Yes, you still like hot dogs and sugar milk.
  Milk hasn't changed a lot.
  A lot hasn't changed.
  You will be one of the first people to have a very special new milk.
  One of the most anticipated milks in theme park history.
  And this will be a day after you had a milkshake with a slice  of funfetti cake mounted on top of it.
  Hey, you know, while we're talking about Jason's dreams coming true,  I have a little gift from Aaron that I can present to you here in this bag.
  Here we go.
 Yes, she told me about this.
  OK, great.
  Extra toiletries from the Disneyland Hotel.
  We all stayed in the hotel together, not in one room, but we we booked two.
  Yeah, it's a fun way to play.
  It would have been nice.
  Mike and Lindsay, Aaron and Scott, and then our adult sons,  our respective adult sons on the couch.
  It was a wonderful affair.
  So so toiletries.
  Wait, I went to the hot tub the night before.
  Me too.
 I went twice.
 Two hot tubs.
  That probably helped, like, you know, the relaxation  and the ease the next morning.
  Body's resistance is the relaxation body last.
  The start, the reopen Starbucks opened at four thirty in the morning  opening day.
 Thank God we all were able to fuel up.
  We all had besides all just what a great weekend and trip it was.
  And you know what?  Another great thing, and maybe this is the time to throw to it.
  We got to talk to somebody who we have been listening to for many,  many years when we first poked around.
  Are there any before we even thought we wanted to do a theme park podcast?  I remember going, well, podcasts are kind of blowing up.
  Are there any podcasts about theme parks?  And there's there's a ton, certainly.
  But if you're looking for if you're looking for quality,  if you're looking for scoops, if you're looking for info,  you can't get anywhere else.
  The major one is the Disney Dish podcast with Jim Hill and Lentesta.
  And lo and behold, we were heading to Black Spire Outpost  at the very same time.
  Yes.
 A theme park podcasting luminary Lentesta.
  Now we have a very special interview, a very special guest.
  We're talking about the co-author of The Unofficial Guide  and the host, co-host, excuse me, of the Disney Dish podcast Lentesta.
  Here we are in his hotel room in the Disneyland Hotel.
  We are very excited.
 Lent, welcome to podcast the ride.
  Thank you guys.
 And thank you.
 And welcome to my hotel room.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
 You know, the Galaxy's Edge is an exclusive Vanaheim experience,  but this one's even more.
  But also, yes, room 267.
  Yeah, apparently also fairly exclusive.
  These days, we'll skip the.
  No, yeah, exactly.
  Park podcast game.
  Will you be out by Monday?  So if when this comes out, people won't bomb our room by Monday.
  Great.
  I think so.
  They'll just know that if you guys could leave your wristbands  with the attendant as you leave, that would be sure.
  We're recycling.
  We've got a time cap.
 Yes, of course.
  OK, OK.
 So, yeah, for those of you who don't know,  Len co-hosts a podcast that we have all listened to,  that we have all talked about ad nauseam,  rumors, fun stuff, history.
  It's all there.
 Numbers, statistics.
  You're like Mr.
 Statistics, I feel.
  I have a team of great statistics.
  Be that way because you have a guide that is full of numbers  and full of information.
  So we've talked about you guys forever.
  Yeah, thanks.
 So we're fans.
  I'm listening to Jim and yeah, I mean, what I was thinking on the way  what I was realizing on the way over is, you know, we talk a lot about  Mike's, Mike's probably biggest obsession that we talk about  a lot on the podcast is his obsession with what he calls checking.
  And checking, I guess, would be defined as,  well, how do you define checking?  Well, checking is anything that I think it's a repetitive motion  that I think that's really what it comes down to.
  Like doctors call it a compulsive behavior.
  It is a compulsive behavior.
  It's like trying to get tickets at Ticketmaster, which is like  I'll spend 40 minutes refreshing, refreshing, trying to get better tickets.
  When it's fast passes, I'm canceling and trying to get better ones  and better ones.
 And then the high I get when I get like a fast pass,  that's 30 minutes away versus two hours.
  So you're optimizing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
  I'm optimizing.
  And it's maybe the greatest thrill that I experienced during a possible day.
  Maybe let's say maybe.
 Sure.
  It depends on the day.
  But I was thinking it's like for you to meet the person who runs a  like theme park planning website is like it's like meeting Mickey Mantle.
  That is a good point.
 Yes.
  It is a good point.
  Yeah.
 So you like you have it all in your head more.
  But I do.
 I enjoy planning.
  I enjoy figuring out the exact you actually I should thank you  now that I think about it because we stayed at Port Orleans in Orlando  two years ago and you were the one who told me on the podcast, not me personally.
  But you told me about the hot lighter deals and how you would be able to check  and see if you could tell which Orlando resort it was.
  So I had a much more expensive resort and I checked and I checked.
  I was like, oh, my God.
  And I canceled the one I had and we stayed at Port Orleans for like 150 to  I don't remember something crazy.
  So because some of those are dead giveaway.
  Like, you know, New Orleans tell you sometimes to tell you sometimes that.
  Yeah, it still depends.
  So thank you.
  We're just keeping praise on you for minutes.
  There's a one of our one of our users.
  His name is John is a guy that keeps track of the the price line  and the hot wire deals.
  And he has a system that is I'm not going to say it's foolproof, but it's 100 percent.
  Wow.
 And we can't say how it works on the air.
  Wow.
 Send me send me an email.
  I can explain to you.
  Sure.
 That is very exciting to me.
  We'll talk about it off the air.
  Does it work for everywhere or just Orlando?  It works.
 We know when it works for the Disney area hotels.
  OK, because I just was in Vegas and I was doing all of this obsessive  hot wire and price line to try to figure out.
  Yeah.
 What would OK.
  So we'll talk later.
 Yeah, we'll talk later.
  Yeah.
 OK, got it.
 Got it.
  Yeah.
 But I guess I guess the question to ask specifically is  in regards to Star Wars, Galaxy's Edge, which all four of us now  have experienced, I mean, how's that changed  your world's with touring plans?  What have you been like looking for?  What have you been the most  nervously anticipating, worried about in terms of things being a disaster  over there, which I think we could safely say they were not.
  Our big concern was how they were going to handle opening day crowds.
  And to their credit, that doesn't pull it off flawlessly.
  I don't think today could have gone any better than it did.
  Yeah.
 All the crowds were manageable.
  All the lines were clearly marked.
  Disney did a great job operationally.
  It has off to all the check in check out was very, very fast.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They did really, really well in all of it.
  We got in like at eight o'clock exactly.
  Maybe like they really had pinpointed it down  because they walked us from Tomorrowland over.
  And it was just it was crazy because we were like, wow,  we're going to get him right at eight o'clock.
  Like it was insane.
 Right at the clock.
  Yeah.
 What do you do first?  I got a Blue Milk by 807.
  I had mobile ordered from the entryway.
  It was sooner.
 It was 801.
  I want to say I'm going to give you that credit.
  This was my three.
 It was 810.
  And I was like, oh, my God, am I going to have to burn 10 minutes standing here?  But then there was just a cast member standing at the mobile order pickup.
  And I was like, hey, I'm a little ordered, Jason.
  And she's like, oh, yeah, there you are.
  And she just got it.
  So like we kind of got separated at some point.
  And then I just showed back up with Blue Milk.
 Yeah.
  Jason is one of his things he said before today.
  Yeah.
 He wanted to do that.
  He said two milks, different types.
  I had it in the cantina, too.
  He did.
 It was very honestly, it was better frozen.
  The other way about the butter beer, I like the cold butter.
  Yeah, I like the frozen milk.
 I thought it was was fun.
  I think it's better frozen as well.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Official verdict here.
  But we did that and we were able to get into the cantina.
  But as we were saying right before we started recording, mainly because we were  with somebody who was in the front of the pack.
  And I might advise anybody listening to this to if cantina is your concern,  maybe try to be too early and get it like.
  Yeah, because it's not a line per se.
  Like everybody gets into the land and you can easily do  the most of the things you want to do.
  But cantina, I mean, you were said like that was up to two, two and a half hours.
  They told us to the the last hour of your wristband eligibility.
  You can't get in line.
  So they cut you off an hour before interesting to try and get you all the way through.
  They're trying to get into you 45 minutes in the cantina.
  Right.
 Nice.
 That's great.
  Which is nice.
 But it took us 45 minutes to get our drinks.
  Yeah.
 So when they you know, when the waitstaff comes out and tells you  you've got to be gone in 45 minutes, like I've got two and a half minutes  to drink two drinks.
 This is great.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You can have some fun.
  Did you did you because I learned the hard way that I figured that, well,  maybe there's not a restroom inside, which there is not.
  There's no restroom inside.
 There is no ins and outs.
  They said if you go out, you're out.
 You're out.
  Yeah, that's it.
 One time.
  No, you you you go to the you use the facilities before you go in.
  I yeah, it was it was kind of a whirlwind.
  The you bailed early.
  I failed.
 Yeah.
 I stayed for a little while.
  You had so much milk inside of you.
  Crazy.
 Yeah.
  It's coffee and coffee walking in.
  I mean, I've been up since like I got up at like 4 45 this morning.
  Yeah, I got a free.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, sure.
  I see steps.
 I'm sorry.
 Oh, my God.
  Oh, you're on East Coast.
 Whatever.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, sure.
 Yeah.
  I there's a question.
  Do you the smoothness of this?  Do you would you credit any  like recent programs Disney has instituted  or any other, you know, theme park  or organizations have been experimenting with like like  is there anything that you can point to that's been happening  the last few years where it's like, oh, that must have been planning  the seeds for the smoothness of the groups and the reservation.
  I think the project start us thing that they're doing with  where they're opening up the walkways.
  You can definitely tell that that's made a huge difference.
  The stroller stuff was all much better.
  All of the things that they've been doing over the last six months to a year,  which is the walkways, all of it.
  We've probably heard a lot about this on your podcast, but yeah.
  What are the big projects start as things?  It's like clearing out adventure land.
  But the curve is making the curve lowering the curve,  making the walkways more consistent and wider,  even if it's moving things like a foot, they move things a foot.
 Right.
  And you can tell, I mean, it's  the walkways are much more accessible.
  And the water.
  But also the whole park looks really good right now.
  And yes, we're talking before we recorded that I spent  parts of Tuesday and Wednesday just walking around and taking a look at  both Disneyland and DCA right before  Black Spire opened to see what it was, you know, one more time  before everything changed.
  And it looked really, really good.
  Everything looked, everything was working.
  All of the effects in Toontown, for example, were working when I was there.
  Wow.
 Everything was really good.
 Yeah.
  Do you when you're looking like, do you have like a checklist  even of effects or are you just kind of going off of memory?  I walk with Guy who has a walking encyclopedia of things.
  Guy knows where all the individual different decades of fencing are.
  And apparently there's this place in Tomorrowland where you can see  three decades of fencing coming together.
  And Guy showed me this this particular spot.
  And I'm like, man, that is some knowledge right there.
  It's the spot.
 You got to tell us the spot.
  It's over by where the sort of the Matterhorn meets the  the submarine voyage.
  There's three different sections of of of fencing there.
  That's it's like early Tomorrowland and then two versions of like  Fantasyland coming together.
  All at one point.
  Yeah, because a lot has been redistricted.
  Yeah, because like there was there used to be two  utopias and things have changed and there were two queues for for Matterhorn.
  Apparently, no.
 Sure, sure, sure.
  Three decades of fencing, all of it from the past.
  Tomorrow.
 Yeah, none of it from tomorrow.
  Now, some of it was was definitely fantastical, though.
  So that sort of fits in.
 Yeah, that's good.
  We got to get a picture with this triple fence.
  We are literally going to go in and get the triple fence after this.
  There's no three.
 It's three of them.
  College fence here.
 He's going to drag his wife.
  I'm dragging my girlfriend from Carthay Circle and going,  we have to see this special match.
 Yeah, exactly.
  We must see the fencing.
  I the other thing to mention is like with the smoothness of the day,  OK, so we got out of there.
  We got out of Star Wars around noon.
  We've just been touring around the park for the last couple hours.
  And now the rest of the park is virtually empty.
  Like some of the shortest lines I've ever seen.
  Nobody in it.
 Carly, there's nobody.
  I just had a car in Manhattan.
 It's insane.
  I don't remember the last time there was only like three occupied tables.
  Maybe never.
 Yeah.
  She's really why I was going to be much more crowded than this.
  Not not DCA necessarily, but I thought Disneyland would be  much more crowded with people who thought maybe that they didn't need  a reservation to come in or right.
  But no, I mean, Disney's got the word out.
  It looks like I was worried about people not understanding  and that everybody in the line would be.
  We also like, oh, they'll let us in.
 It's Disneyland.
  It'll be fine.
 Yeah.
  Hey, we'll smooth talk our way.
  We'll be friendly and sparkle.
  And there was a message board.
  I won't say which one that said there was somebody that like was very adamant  that like there will be a stand.
  They're not saying standby line, but there will be.
  But that's not happened, right?  I haven't seen a standby line.
  So that was wrong.
  And whatever this website is,  I guess, listener, if you really want to email me, I'll tell you what it was.
  But I don't want to say now, you know, the average listener.
  If you have my email, I guess we have a show email.
  They were loading in.
  They were they they were loading in by Critter Country in the afternoon.
  We went in through Big Thunder Trail.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  So the only hiccup was that we were told we would be loading in a Critter Country  and then we loaded in at Big Thunder.
  I thought the colored tape was the it was the dead giveaway  for how you were supposed to load because green was the second wave  and they were over at Critter Country.
  But we were blue in the morning.
  OK, the gentleman, I guess, was just wrong.
  I think he was probably just speaking to.
  But we just kind of followed the mass.
  Yeah, exactly.
 There was nowhere.
  And there was yeah, there was so much manager.
  There was so many people in business attire.
  In addition to cast members in like Star Wars attire there,  it's a lot of managerial people.
  Well, also, that means it's a work day Friday, too, for a lot of people.
  So they should.
 If it was a Sunday.
  Oh, yeah, that's true.
  But it's Friday.
  He should be.
 So we just think of the red.
  We we I think my review is I dug it, but I don't think it's the highlight.
  I don't think it's the best thing about being there, which is I don't know.
  Maybe that's the Cantina.
  Maybe that's the just atmosphere in general.
  I think it's just like walking around is the best thing about being there.
  But yeah, I don't know.
  But I liked it and I like the Q experience and I like being being  like in that waiting room in the Falcon and then the ride itself is like, hmm.
  It's fine.
 Yeah, it's fine for what it was.
  What would put what role did you have?  Oh, I did all three.
  I wrote in three times this morning while we were in there.
  Awesome.
 May that say something.
  The single writers.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Walk right on.
  But I mean, you miss all of the pre-show stuff.
  But like, you know, I just seen it once.
  Yeah.
 You'll then you'll also probably be the engineer.
  Except we single rider in our party got to be the pilot, which is unfair.
  I feel that's true.
  Should be the pilot.
  But I felt I felt too bad.
  Yeah, I mean, I was they're not they're not letting you pick  because I asked one time to be pilot and they're like, no,  but we ended up being pilot anyway.
  Oh, they're like, how many times did you do it?  Three.
 OK, I've done one in each role.
  Oh, what do you think?  So the the one the engineers in the back, right?  Yes.
 That's the worst.
  The worst role.
 Yeah, it's what I would have guessed.
  It's a lot to do.
  But did you notice the ergonomics of the Millennium Falcon are also not that great?  Kind of.
 Yeah, you kind of got to sit.
  I don't want to complain because it's a spaceship  and you shouldn't really complain about like the ergonomics.
  It's a spaceship, right?  Ultimately.
 Yeah.
  But no, but like you're when you sit down, the seat is facing forward  so you can see the action.
  Everything you're supposed to do is 90 degrees to your right.
  Yes, this is yes.
  So whoever was actually setting up that workstation,  I think did not have like OSHA compatibility in mind when they were doing it.
  Well, do you blame that it's this would you have to blame the design  of the real Millennium Falcon for this problem?  Well, I think there was a practical compromise because famously the land  Falcon, there is a very long gunner sequence in a new hope  where they're separate.
  Yeah, there is a separate separate.
  That's what I thought.
 I thought we would be separate.
  Yeah.
 Or at least in little antechambers to the side.
  Sorry.
  Any chambers to the side of the of the main pod, like where we actually had guns.
  I mean, that would be I mean, we're basically pushing buttons here,  like ordering a frappuccino or a gas station or something.
  Or this is not the one you're talking about.
  My my feeling was I did pilot.
  I was in the back seat.
  I almost felt like it was a better ride in the back seat,  even though I couldn't see as well.
  But I sort of was not as stressed out.
  But it would take me out a little bit when I'd have to turn and press three buttons.
  Because you don't you can't see what's going on on the screen.
  And also, I thought the screen would be more wrapped around you.
  Like I thought you'd be farther in the cockpit a little bit.
  Yes.
 When you're the engineer, if you look up, all you see is right.
  Be a ceiling.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 Like it is.
  I get it.
 That is like maybe accurate technically.
  Maybe they could have like it would be a way to be an eight person  DeLorean in the back to the future.
 Right.
  It's not the DeLorean where you would have not even room for a third person.
  Yes.
 So maybe they have maybe they needed to like we've expanded the cockpit  to allow for and this.
  I don't want to like just hate on it because I did really enjoy it.
  Like I truly like being in the cockpit of the Millennium Falcon is amazing.
  Yeah.
 And piloting is really amazing.
  I do think they were trying to be too nice to everyone who's sitting down.
  My feeling is one control should have been.
  Oh, let me back up.
  There's two pilots, one controls up, one controls side to side.
  And man, is that frustrating.
 Yeah.
  That is so frustrating.
 Yeah.
  Because like it's like you have half of a half of a steering wheel.
  Yeah.
 Right.
 It's like kind of insane, honestly.
  Like I get where they're going with it.
  But and I know that it's on rails like you really can't go that far out of where they want you.
  No, I tried when I was piloting.
  Yeah, sure.
 Sure.
 Down and nose dive.
  You can flip this like flight to it.
  Yeah.
 The visuals are very, very constrained.
  Like you can't you can't leave the field that you sit right.
  So you can't like turn left and just go around the world to the left.
  Yeah, I mean, I get it.
  I get like I get it.
  It has to sort of be that way.
  Does it?  Doesn't it? But isn't it like I mean, I like that question too.
  I I mean, here I'm thinking now Star Fox 64.
  There were there were worlds that were on like kind of rails  and then there were worlds that were sort of more open.
  Yeah.
 Air and you could go around and zip in.
  And but there were still objectives to do.
  Yeah.
 So perhaps there was a way to maybe do it where it was a little more exploratory.
  I would have liked a little bit more exploring.
  Yeah.
 And with the consequences of, you know,  if you explore, you don't finish your mission.
  Right.
 And there are consequences.
  The other thing, too, is I didn't get the like we  I didn't get how the consequences happen once you leave the spaceship.
  Like, yeah, did you guys get did you guys end up with positive points or negative points?  We had like mildly positive, but the first one seemed negative  and there were like flashing green lights.
  And that's what let us know that as you walked into the hallway,  which was actually a complete tower down on one ride,  like everything black and then back up again.
  Oh, no, this was like theatrical.
  Oh, no, no, no.
 I got an actual.
  Yeah.
 It actually like broke down.
  Yeah.
 Like there were not there was no there were no visuals for like  oh my four minutes.
 Yeah.
  It's like that long.
 Really?  Reboot the laptop.
 Yep.
 Oh, that's interesting.
  Yeah.
 Huh.
 Huh.
 It was fun.
  Sure.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  And they actually have a spiel that they that they play.
  It was very funny.
 I like that.
  They have a lot of different little tidbits to cover when they're  they do this a little bit in Avatar land.
  Exactly.
 Yeah.
  But they're doing it better here.
  I think this one was actually much more.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 The one in Avatar is like a 10 second looper.
  I feel like it's like something that's very repetitive.
  And it's like just a guy like typing on a computer.
  Like, oh, I'm working on it.
  And then it's like 10 seconds later, I'm working on it.
  And you're like, OK, this is like Hondo.
  It's a whole different thing.
  I have to say they endeared Hondo to me pretty quickly.
  Yeah.
 Like a character I was not really from.
  I know shows up in the cartoons and stuff, but like a character  that's going to be brand new for pretty much 90 percent of the people going to this.
  Yeah, it was great.
 And it's like, oh, I like this.
  Yeah, this is fun.
 I like the skeevy guy.
  Yeah, the queue is fantastic.
  All of it's fantastic.
  I really truly that all of that is fantastic.
  That they're working on the engines and you can hear the engines starting up.
  Yeah.
 I mean, it smelled like a it smelled like a garage.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 We walked in and saw Hondo and I guess spoiler.
  We'll say that's before, but spoiler alert.
  Like we see him up there.
 We all like gasped.
  Yeah.
 And I looked at all this great animatronicism.
  It's fantastic.
  So like all of that stuff, I think, walking into the Falcon,  a very mildly emotional for me.
  All that stuff sitting down like it was really crazy.
  And then, yeah, like it's good.
  The ride is good.
 Yeah, good.
  It's like you've never been on a video game this cool or elaborate.
  But I don't think they're going to.
  I think they will hear some extent of this.
  I bet we will see like modified retools.
  I don't think that ride stays exactly how it is day one.
  No, I don't think so.
  And I think you'd have to think that the interactive elements  let them change it up and I think we'll see more interactivity.
  I still don't understand how the how the outcome tracks you through Black Spire.
  Oh, yes, that's been said for so long.
  And I don't really I don't think it's I don't think it's if it's if it's true,  it's not working on day one.
  Seems like it would make sense with the magic band sort of system.
  I wouldn't really have that out here.
  But you've got so now when you use that, my play Disney parks app,  if you turn Bluetooth on, I believe that's how it's tracking you.
  Is that what it is? Yeah.
  Oh, yeah, because it asks you to have Bluetooth on the whole time.
  And I think that's what they're doing.
 Yeah.
  So when when Guy and I rode the second time, we both had Bluetooth on.
  And right before you walk into the Falcon, there's a there's a small TV.
  Yeah.
 And Hondo came back on and said, Oh, you guys are back.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  He said, you're back.
 That's interesting.
 Yeah.
  That's cool.
 I got to give it up.
  So that's that's how I think they're tracking and it's it must be coming from the app.
  And did it not seem to you guys like we were in that room  a little longer the second time? Yeah.
  Hondo Spiel keeps going.
  And then in an unbroken animated sequence,  it like extends it auto extends.
  Yeah.
 Because there is a delay.
  Yeah.
 Which is which is pretty wild to me.
 Yeah.
  That's the thing to go back to back to the future, right?  There is no like extra fill from Duck Brown.
  They go to the test pattern, but you wouldn't get like, yeah,  they didn't like update five hours of improv.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Make sure to cover please.
  Please do every possible option.
  One for if there's a legionnaires disease outbreak.
  Eclipse.
 There's something on Eclipse.
  I need three minutes.
  That's great.
  It's just covering our base.
  Moons, man.
 They're crazy, right? Yeah.
  Did you guys as you guys are back going back to the bar,  do you guys try the drink that numbs your mouth?  Oh, no.
 What?  I mean, perhaps not.
  That doesn't sound familiar.
  So it's the one with the foam.
  Hmm.
 No, no.
  I I did the best been Fizz and then the bloody rain core.
  Those are both.
  We were one of every drink.
  Oh, really? Yeah.
  And so we were like, I mean, those people are with us, too.
  Yes.
 We're the fuzzy tauntaun.
  Yes.
 The fuzzy tauntaun.
  It the foam is actually numbs your your mouth on purpose.
  On purpose.
 Yeah.
 Apparently, it's a thing.
  And I know there are Chinese spices that numb your mouth.
  Oh, so they must be using some sort of extract of that.
  But it's flavors.
  It's a it's either mildly numbing or mildly itchy,  depending on how you take it.
  Yeah.
 But it's a it was it's tasty drink, too.
  Yeah, they're not.
  You get the like the party mix.
  Yes, it's the party mix.
 Yeah.
  Was it wasabi? It's not bad.
  Yeah, that looked interesting.
  It was tasty.
  Picture afterwards.
  They have to wait left.
  And then the the jello thing that looks like it looks like  Boba Boba in gel.
  Yeah.
 And that's exactly what it is.
  OK.
 But it's not bad.
  I'm not a big fan of jello or Boba, but it wasn't bad.
  Any other food?  You do one of the one of the we tried all of the Ronto roasters  things, which were all pretty good.
  I had the hot dog sausage.
  Did you try the breakfast one?  The breakfast was the best lunch one.
 Is it?  Yeah.
 Breakfast one of the egg is was really super tasty.
  Also, did you see the cutlery, the the sporks?  Oh, right.
 Oh, yeah.
  You brought that up.
  Then we were keeping.
  Yes.
 You just find them.
  Yeah.
 We we still have some out.
  And people have stolen them already.
  No, I don't think so.
  I think they had.
  They're not going to be there tomorrow.
  I use them.
 You think I should.
  I have stolen them.
  Should I have stolen? I didn't.
  I'm just saying it's this year's must have souvenir.
  I'm just saying I looked.
  I don't think there's any on eBay yet.
  I I will be shocked if tomorrow morning we wake up and there's not.
  They're not on eBay.
  There's like metal.
  Sport metal sports.
  But I would like to put that in your kids lunch box and be like,  guess what I got for you?  No.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Bring a little of the magic home with you.
  I actually thought it was like a I think it's a good utensil.
  It's sort of like a little spork a little.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's like weightier, bigger.
  I mean, you didn't see using this food and wine, right?  I mean, just how would you get this out?  Black black spire.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Uh huh.
  It's like instead of a pocket knife, you carry this spork from Black Spire Outpost.
  It's like a multi use thing.
  It's fantastic.
 Yeah.
  I thought all the food was was really good.
  The only thing we haven't done yet and we'll do it tomorrow is the  the lightsaber experience.
  OK, so that's potentially not compatible with all the other.
  I was thinking you can't do all three of those things.
  You can't do the you can't do the Falcon, the Cantina and the lightsaber.
  Almost trying to make you come back.
  I know that time.
  The party has to buy the lightsaber at the end.
  Whereas can you just sort of see the show element?  I I imagine you can always say no, right?  You can always say no.
  But I think everyone that's going in there is going in there to buy a lightsaber.
  I think so.
 Yeah.
  And there was plenty of people.
  Two and a half hour long.
 Yeah.
  But I mean, it's only it's 14 groups of two every 20 minutes.
  So what is that?  That's 42 people.
  84 people an hour.
  Hmm.
 That's not a lot.
  That's a real, yeah, that's your experience.
  Hey, what do you think about listing that as an attraction?  I think absolutely.
  I mean, they're going to have to do reservations, I think, at some point  where it'll be like Cinderella's royal table where you'll pay up front.
  OK, for your reservation, you'll get the lightsaber at the end.
  And that's how they're going to do it.
  Hmm.
  Because I can't imagine that everybody in that line was in that line to buy a lightsaber.
  And if they were, God bless them.
  But sure.
 But they'll cut that in the line, too.
  I got you.
 Yeah.
  Do we know what that's like the highest selling merch thing yet?  I think it's  now seeing a lot of people, the animals,  but I think the lightsabers at 200 bucks a pop are still, I think, a decent deal.
  Is are you do you have any merchandise from theme parks?  Are you not a merch collector?  I don't really collect anything anymore.
  Interesting.
 I mean, I think of the soda bottles here for Derek Bergen.
  He asked me to bring some home to a.
  Sure.
 I don't really, I don't really collect stuff anymore.
  Yeah.
  So stuff that I the stuff that I have is the stuff you can't buy.
  And I'm sort of into that.
  Do you have like.
  What does that mean?  Yeah, I was going to say, like, what is that, like a car?  I'm going to talk about it in the air.
  Oh, OK.
  Wow.
 Fascinating.
  I didn't even like experiences and love.
  No, I have.
  I have things that are meaningful that you can't you can't acquire through normal channels.
  Interesting.
  Very interesting.
  I mean, very small things.
  Sure.
  Guy in Florida, a lot of trouble for that right now.
  So all of it, all of it's semi-legally obtained.
  Yeah.
  If you have any of Buzzy's clothes, I swear.
  Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  That was you have a shirt.
  Is the shirt still missing?  I don't know.
 I kind of followed it in the nose.
  Like, yeah.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  And the warrant is so funny, but also sad.
  Yeah, that's not the way that's that's not the way I'm going down.
  It's not for that.
  Yeah.
  Did you notice because you were in there for a little while.
  Did you notice them like like nudging people out because we know not at all?  No, didn't notice.
  No, and we still like a photo pass.
  Photographer still took a picture in front of an X-Wing.
  Yeah, no, really noticed.
  You know, I think after four hours, you know, you've done everything  that you want to do, and I think for most people, four hours was was good.
  I think it's plenty of time.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Do you think I would say so?  Do you think they were putting like for each group, what do you obviously like?  Since there was overlap, capacity, the land can't be the amount they're letting in every.
  Oh, yes.
 We're trying to figure out how many people were and we did a little bit of counter.
  We figured there was about three thousand people in every group.
  Mm hmm.
 Hmm.
  Which is less than two hours of Millennium Falcon capacity.
  So spread that out over four hours and you have like an average 30 minute wait.
  Right.
 Which seems like it's about the average weight.
  So I waited.
 I waited about 45 minutes.
  I waited about 15 minutes and I waited about five minutes.
  Right.
 Maybe less than that.
  Maybe it's a three thousand in some other like.
  Is there another like ride or area in a theme park just to like to help me visualize?  What else? What's another place that would hold three thousand?  Three thousand is about the peak hourly capacity of like pirates.
  OK.
 Yeah.
  That's what you that's what you think they're letting into the whole land.
  Yeah, not many.
 I mean, I think that's why we're in so smoothly.
  And there was so much there was open space.
  Yeah, there's a lot of open space.
  Just if you go back where where rise is supposed to be.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 There was not a lot of people over there at all.
  In fact, that's one of the best places to go get the coke.
  The coke bottles.
  There's no one back there.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That that scene.
  That was kind of like where we ended because it's like where we ended.
  We're like, OK, turn around and go back.
  We sort of hit a choke point where it's like, oh, there's 30 minutes, 40 minutes left.
  The the overlap group has arrived.
  So like Doc on the they weren't letting anyone into Doc's.
  Oh, really? So I hadn't seen that.
  OK.
 They said like Doc's too busy right now.
  If you could come back.
 Yeah.
  It's a small, small place.
  The milk stand wouldn't let me mobile order unless I wanted it  like three hours ahead of time because I tried going back to try the green milk.
  I don't think they understand how mobile ordering works.
  Yeah, I don't think they understand how mobile ordering works.
  I think that, yeah, I think they tapped it out, but I didn't want to spend  the last half hour in the line in case the rumors of them going like,  no, you can't buy that.
 I see what did.
  Yeah.
 Oh, three.
 Yeah.
  So by the way, did you guys do the the character?  Any character encounters? Did you meet Ray?  No, you saw Ray, right?  That is the best character greeting I've seen in a long time.
  Oh, oh, tell us.
 Yeah, I missed this entirely.
  So normally, you know, Disney character meet and greets, you go up,  you meet the character, you take a picture, you're on your way like love and shelf.
  Right.
 OK, sure.
 So sorry.
  It's OK.
 Don't worry.
  But like Ray will actually pull you from the group.
  And Guy was meeting Ray.
  So Guy got the photo.
  But she walked with Guy and talked about the force.
  And I was like, I think these two are having a moment.
  They're a cute couple.
 They're really nice.
 Wow.
  But yeah.
 And then she turned around and they posed and took pictures.
  But it was like an actual meaningful, short little conversation.
  They took a stroll.
 They took a stroll.
  Yeah, she was walking around.
  She didn't really have a friend of Ray with her.
  But hey, she looks like Ray.
 She acts like Ray.
  She had all the mannerisms down.
  That was that part was fantastic.
  I went another 10 feet and hit a crowd and Chewbacca was there with like  another rebel spy guy and they're both in character  and they're both kind of like eyeing everyone up.
  And the crowd parts and Chewbacca comes up to me, like gets down to my level,  looks me in the eye for a beat and then gives me a big hug.
  And it was like what he has done in Launch Bay before.
  So you remember you.
 Yeah, I guess so.
  You guys are bad, but it was moving.
  It was like so moving like today.
  But then he just keeps walking there.
  They weren't.
 Yeah.
  Well, he she acknowledged you.
  And yeah, you want to hang out longer.
  No, I wanted to like try and get a picture.
  But like, I mean, Ray, I guess, he's got things to do.
  Yeah, he's got things to do.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Responsibilities.
  They were all starship to fly to.
  I mean, you know, sure.
  They're still they were on break from building Rise of the Resistance.
  They were on their union break.
  So that's what I heard, like that all the characters are actually inhabitants.
  Right.
 And so they're just going about their day.
  Right.
 That's the idea.
 Yeah.
  So Ray was actually walking.
 Right.
 Sure.
  And then we're just stopping quickly.
  Yeah.
 Stopping.
 Exactly.
  I was on her way to somewhere else.
  Yeah.
 He saw someone in the cantina who is.
  Oh, yeah.
 Like on.
  I just happen to remember they were on the cover.
  The characters on the cover of a book that hasn't come out yet.
  And I was like, I think that's this.
  But like I found it on the Amazon.
  And I'm like, that's this person.
  And she's like walking around looking over her shoulder.
  So like, oh, I think if you like, talk to her and ask about the resistance.
  But like she was darting like in and out.
  Yeah, I didn't even see her stop.
  But she was like, that's clever.
  Yeah.
 It was like she was a little too well dressed to be maybe a civilian.
  She looked exactly like the.
  Jason pulls the book cover up on his phone and we're like, oh, yep, that was her.
  Yeah.
 There was a painting of a person on the cover.
  But yeah, but she looked just like her.
  Yeah, it looked great.
  So they're doing.
  Geez.
 That's good.
 I hope they keep doing that.
  That's that's the kind of atmosphere stuff that we'll like to.
  Yeah.
 I've seen this.
  You know, that'll give it legs beyond like, yeah, exactly.
  All these things a ton of time.
  And if they can figure out how to actually track like your progress,  like flying the Falcon and.
 Yeah.
  Stuff like that.
 Yeah.
  There was an art when I was getting Rex, we Scott and I both bought Rex's  from the Droid Depot and R2 was right by the Rex.
  And also R2 came to life while I was buying or really Rex.
  And then sort of beeping at me and I was responding to me.
  Like I would say, oh, hi, R2.
  And you're like, like in turn with head.
  And then people were coming up to it and kids were coming up and hugging him.
  And it was like everyone was just like enthralled by this.
  By R2.
 Yeah, because supposedly they were going to do it in the full land.
  But then it was like, yeah, busy.
 We don't want to do it yet.
  That's what I heard.
  That they they got a lot of the the autonomous robot stuff working.
  But then they're like, can somebody's going to come over and try and push it over?  Right.
 I think also when I say I heard it probably was from you.
  I'm guessing.
 Yeah, mostly when I'm saying I heard it's from you or Jim, I think.
  This is how we probably have spent a lot of time on our podcast, like  in eloquently badly reporting something that we heard from your podcast.
  And we try to say that we're not trying to fake pretend we have.
  We're not claiming the scoops.
  Just realizing like, you know, yeah, you guys say something succinctly.
  And then we say it like, I think I remember like.
  So thanks for letting us siphon material.
  All this together, man.
  We're all.
 We've entered a fraternity.
  Actually, and now I'm now on that note, I there's a there's something  that I'd be remiss if I didn't fed him bring up.
  OK, the three of us, we have we have one podcast.
  You then have one podcast.
  Jim Hill, your partner in Disney dish has 27.
  I believe so.
  As my captain, 27 podcasts.
  Yeah.
 Do you do you feel lazy in comparison?  It makes us feel lazy.
  There's a it's such a like, what is the time to do all this?  I don't know.
  It was also what I would say is like it didn't go from one to two to three.
  All of a sudden, there's like 12.
 Yeah, it was wild.
  On the same feed, just like you're being pummeled by new podcast every day.
  Yeah, it's it's where the words come from, Jim.
  Where the words come from.
  I mean, the scoops.
  I know I'm an introvert like I don't talk this much.
 Yeah.
  You build it up.
  And then you have to site myself up starting Monday for our third  Thursday recording sessions.
  Yeah, sure.
 All right.
  Let's do this.
 Let's do this.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Running pronunciation.
  What's my joke today? What's my joke today?  I you know, you know what I like?  It's it's nice that they, you know, like everybody else  on these shows, they're they're trying their best.
  But I feel like, you know, I don't think these other co  I don't think they got that Lin magic.
  I think you guys are the dynamic doers.
 Very good.
  And I don't know.
  You got you.
 You got to stick together.
  I want to say I want to see the pair.
  Like Martin and Lewis.
  We got to we got to make this work.
  Absolutely.
 They do.
 They made it work, right?  Don't tell me.
  Yeah, we're fine.
  I mean, it's fine.
  The great solo.
  It's creative partnerships, especially comedian  duos always ends well, always, always, always.
  A hundred plus years.
  I can't best friends.
  Yes.
 I can't think of a party.
  Yeah.
 I like Estella.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No sad biopics about any of this.
  So let's I guess let's yeah, let's say some like  let's give our final sort of thoughts.
  I mean, there's going to be so many thoughts, but  and then I have a few I guess a couple of questions, just general  theme park questions.
  So like just feeling like  overall your experience with Galaxy's Edge, like  what meeting expectations like are you thinking more analytically?  Are you thinking as a fan or are you doing all of it at once?  So I'm trying to think of what the typical theme park guest is going to  going to encounter.
  So if they keep the lines like they are, it's run pretty well.
  You know, somebody's paying $160 or whatever to get in.
  I think if they see both rides  and they get an experience like we had today, I think they'll be absolutely fine  with it.
  I expected a little bit more in terms of technology  and a little bit more in terms of  ride quality from this ride.
  And again, I had huge hopes for it.
  Sure.
 So so that's fine.
  I'll be interested to see what most people think of Falcon.
  You think we get another like mission at some point?  Do you think there are three apparently?  So we're only getting one right now.
  Interesting.
 Oh, is that right?  We have.
 Well, we have one and a half.
  There's apparently an extra 30 seconds of footage that you can  you can enable on this if you if you play it right.
  Well, wow.
  More TIE fighters.
 Oh, interesting.
  When do the other ones cycle in?  Do you have any idea the plan?  Yeah.
 So it's about from what I understand, it's about halfway through.
  So at one point, I when I was Gunner, I'd shot 11 TIE fighters.
  Oh, which I think it wasn't it wasn't bad.
  Yeah.
 My second time out on a ship and I was doing for.
  Yeah, that's right.
  It was about that.
 Yeah, it's progress.
  But I think that's that if you if you do reasonably well, you get  you get more TIE fighters to shoot at the middle.
  I see.
 OK.
 Oh, no kidding.
  All right.
 So that's good incentive.
  That's a good tip for.
  I could be totally wrong on that.
  That's what I heard.
 Yeah.
  So like looking for  maybe they get maybe they got to crack this right a little bit better.
  And but once like if if there's little tweaks to this thing,  if the resistance is up and running, I think it rises.
  Supposed to be the big ride, right?  Yeah, it's supposed to be the major thing.
 Right.
  So this is this is like the Navi River journey of  of of Galaxy's Edge.
 Right.
  And that's fine for what it is.
 Right.
  It's a it's a good ride.
  I thought the merch was all good.
  I thought the food was better than I anticipated.
  Mm hmm.
 The Cantina was good.
  We'll see about the lightsaber thing tomorrow.
  But overall, I mean, I made expectations.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
 Fantastic.
 Yeah.
  I think I agree with that.
  What else? What else do you want to know from Len?  Oh, well, I guess if you would ever we probably should do in the future,  if you're ever available full on like kind of general interview.
  But I just my question actually was because we hear just like about history  and rumors and stuff, I just was wondering like, what are your favorite rides  at these parks? Like, what do you like the best?  What is your all time favorite ride or few?  A couple you don't have to pick one like three or something.
  So I'll give you one in each park.
  So I'll give you two in Magic Kingdom.
  So Pirates is the first ride I ever loved.
 OK.
  And oddly enough, it's Pirates in Florida,  even though this one is far better here.
  So I went on that one on Tuesday.
  And I like Splash Mountain quite a bit.
 OK.
  So I like Splash Mountain because it's got sort of everything  that you want in a theme park.
 It's got a catchy song.
  It's a good ride.
 It's family friendly.
  The ride is long, so you can wait 45 minutes for it.
  And I feel like, you know, it's over in a minute.
  Oh, it's not just done.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 The it's funny.
  And it's also very it's a big sort of big scope.
  Yeah.
 You get a big bear, but it wasn't like that in Epcot.
  I think Spaceship Earth, I think, is the is still a great ride.
  It needs to be updated to something else.
  But I don't know what.
  Mm hmm.
 Do you think what do you think about those rumors  of a two year closure for Spaceship Earth? Whoa.
  You think that's happening?  You know, Jim seems to think that there's going to be an overhaul  of some kind there.
  You know, it becoming a roller coaster?  No, I don't think it will.
  But but we can do more with communication.
  I think actually the thing that needs the most refurbishment in Epcot  is the American adventure.
  And I said this in the book this year.
  And it's it's they haven't updated any of the scenes in 40 years.
  But think about it.
  But think about how our understanding of America has changed in 40 years.
  Yeah, how it's changing to two.
  In two.
 It wasn't going to go there in a bit.
  In two years.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 The the the last two years have been the longest decade of my life.
  But yeah, but but things have changed, right?  And we don't think about things the same way.
  Entertainment doesn't end with Will Rogers.
 Yeah.
  But you think about like the thing that's great about the ride is its scope, right?  It's massive show sets.
  But it's also its weakness because you can't update those things, right?  You're not going to bring down American Adventure for a year  while you update two scenes.
 Right.
  So I think there's that in the studios.
  I don't think there's anything great like Toy Story Mania.
  I think it's fine.
  But a lot of studio stuff needs to be redone.
  Even Tower of Terror.
  Tower of Terror is probably one of the best rides.
  But it's it's a very fancy drop shaft.
  Right.
 Right.
  They do parts of it really, really well.
  I don't know.
  We'll see what happens when when Rise of the Resistance opens there.
  That might be my favorite.
  That's in play.
 Mickey Mini Railway seems like I'm so looking forward to that.
  Have you guys seen the cartoons? Yeah, they're great.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  So that's a 3600 people an hour to I think that's going to move some people through.
  Hey, should be the highest capacity Disney ride ever built ever.
  Really? Really? No kidding.
 Great.
  And you just framed 3000 for us.
  So everyone from 3600, I think, is is what I'm saying.
  Everyone they let in to go into Galaxy's Edge would all fit.
  Or in an hour instead of an hour.
  Crazy.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
  But I think I think Mickey Mini is runaway railway is going to be a sleeper  hit for the studios.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Where it's not going to be like build in a blockbuster way like Galaxy's Edge.
  But I heard the technology is good.
  Yeah.
 The video, the projection looks good.
  Cool.
 So that's cool.
  And then Animal Kingdom, I like the Killmonger surprise is good.
  And I'm not a huge fan of Flooded Passage, but it's done well.
  Yeah.
 Sure.
 Sure.
  Yeah.
 Those things.
  You never got a Hard Rock Park, did you?  Hard Rock Park.
  Yeah.
 You know, there was when there's a Hard Rock Cafe theme park in Myrtle Beach.
  No, I miss there.
  And you're more if you're an Eagles life in the fast lane guy.
  I was up on the ride guy.
  Just thought I'd check.
  Did you miss that park existing?  And I missed the entire thing.
  I would think you might be interested.
  Take a look.
 It's unbelievable.
  Oh, unbelievable.
  Like like I can't believe I've seen this.
  Like the university's retrospective is 10 parts long  and multi page 10 part posts.
  Every statue is there's a story like you have to like stop  and talk about every sign that was up, you know, where they had a sign  that said free air guitars and then it was a rack that was just blank.
  You know, great stuff like that.
  But it was like six months.
  Six months or something.
  Like 2008, right before financial recession.
  That was it.
  It's open up a theme park.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  No, I'll have to look at this one.
  I feel like there was like in retrospect, like that you had done  an unofficial guide to Hard Rock Park.
  It just said it was 300 pages and they were all blank except for the first one  that said don't go.
  I've actually done that.
  I've done that ride review before.
  It was a yeah, there was a ride in  Thorpe Park, I think, in England.
  Oh, and it was a ride called, I think, No Exit.
  And it was this idea that you were trapped in a computer virus  and sort of like imagine a really bad indoor, small, slow version  of Space Mountain.
  OK, slow Space.
  Slow, I can slow back, slow to backwards.
  So my my ride review was like, you know, like, you know, what is it?  It's an indoor roller coaster ride.
  When to go.
 And I said when to go is if there's a lightning storm outside,  you've recently renounced God and there's no other shelter to to find.
  So it's probably similar to a lot of the rides at Hard Rock Park.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I would assume.
  If you guys want to do  a whole gym, you and Jim want to do a whole Hard Rock Park series.
  We'll feel free.
 We can help you out with that.
  We're ourselves experts at this point.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You know, experience nostalgia for a place we've never been.
  The chronological Hard Rock Park series.
  Yes.
 Please.
  This would be over.
  It's like six years to finish that seven years.
  We were confused why it just like went away.
  Why like like you just didn't do one for like a couple of years.
  Yeah, we sort of got on.
  We got on the the unbuilt Disney track.
  Right.
 So have you seen the the Buzz Price archives over in Orlando?  I've heard you bring this.
  Oh, I forget the the but it's OK.
  There's like there are plans for and concept art for things that were never.
  It's like 200 moving boxes of Disney history going back to now pre-Disneyland.
  Right.
 Right.
 That's just fantastic research stuff.
  I mean, several moving boxes full of like the actual plans for Epcot with the roof.
  And man, it was supposed to be a city.
 Right.
  You know, but they feel like you're the plans that we're giving to,  you know, housing and urban development or whatever, you know, government agency.
  We need to talk to about this.
  And yeah, I mean, they had everything planned out.
  So if you want to go, if you want to find theme park related, the memos.
  Oh, yeah.
 Then these archives are the place.
  I mean, stuff you've never seen before.
  Concept art you've never seen before.
  That was, you know, that Buzz had because he got it from the Imagineers that drew it.
  Like, I'll put this in my living room.
 Great.
  And the reason why it's in the the archives is apparently had to take photos of it  for insurance purposes.
  So the photos, the photos became part of the archives.
  Well, we'll be doing more of those on built.
  I think so.
 We have to find a little bit more, a little bit more material.
  But we think we have a little more we can do.
 Yeah.
  OK.
 Yeah, those are I mean, those are some of my favorite.
  Sure.
 Very exciting.
  You wouldn't give that no exit review to anything in the in the Disney realm,  would you? I actually said that the Disney Pixar short film festival  wasn't something that you sure you needed to go see.
  And I mean, fast pass for that is just pulling up YouTube on your.
  That's exactly what I said.
  I said in the book, I'm like, let me give you the links in the book.
  So all of the YouTube videos.
  So you don't have to go do this when you're paying, you know,  $10 an hour per person to be in the park.
  We sure God don't.
  But we get feedback from people like, oh, it was my favorite part of the day in Epcot.
  Let me tell you what that says about Epcot, lady,  because it doesn't say anything about the about the quality of the films.
  Right.
 You might love all of those short films, but they don't belong in that park.
  Is there is there a most shocking thing you've like a consensus  that you hear from people that shocks you like everyone loves something like that  versus like what you feel or?  I mean, generally the.
  The the readers have a pretty good sense of what's good value for money.
  The one thing I think that, like, I personally disagree on  and I realize this is just me, so it's not the readers are right  and I am wrong when I say this.
  I don't think California Grill is all that good.
  Oh, interesting.
  The contemporary contemporary in Walt Disney World.
  I don't think it's worth the money.
  I've never had a truly fantastic meal there.
  Whereas like if you tell me like Gico, I've had many great meals at Gico.
  OK, Victoria and Albert's, of course, everyone you can you can always eat good there.
  But like and unlike when it used to be the top of the world,  now you can't see like a concert from Helen Ready up there.
  Those they were groovy, weren't they?  With the outfits, bright orange shag in the wall.
  Yeah.
 And somebody was playing guitar.
  And I'm like, this is why are we not doing residencies?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
  From raw.
 Why are we?  Yeah.
 Why are we not doing this anymore?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 Make it a review.
  And that's the way we yeah.
  Get us in there.
 We'll do live podcasts.
  So California.
 Yeah, I don't think it's that.
  Is that great? Gotcha.
 OK.
  Well, all right.
  Well, controversies abound.
  And I say, I know it's me.
  Right.
 But generally, but generally speaking, you dug Galaxy's Edge  and we dug talking to you about Galaxy's Edge.
  And when test, you survived podcast, the ride.
  Thank you so much for doing it.
  And I mean, what's there so much for you to promote?  But what is the main thing our listeners should leave listening to this and check out?  You can read my books.
 It's the unofficial guide series.
  You can get them on Amazon.
  Unofficial guide.
  I also run touring plans dot com.
  So we need help planning your trip to Disney World or Disneyland.
  Touring plans dot com can help.
  And then listen to our podcast with Jim Hill.
  It's the Disney dish dot band camp dot com.
  One of Jim Hill's podcast.
  One of Jim Hill's many, many podcasts.
  The first one of the first number one.
  Yes, the flagship, the flagship.
  Exactly.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  The great Florida.
  Absolutely.
 I could agree on that.
  Awesome.
 Thanks so much, Lynn.
 Thanks.
  Wow.
 There you go.
  There you have it.
  Extra info about logistics and numbers, attendance figures,  the fencing in Disneyland, which I actually forgot to look at.
  Oh, we didn't go to the fence.
  We didn't drag our walk arounds that the characters are just going about their day.
  I thought that was very interesting.
  We got down to the bottom of the Jim Hill Media Podcast Network Consortium.
  We found out a little more what's going on over there.
  So a very productive visit.
  Very productive.
 Thank you, Lynn Testa for having us to his hotel room.
  His spotless organized hotel room.
  We also had an office like he was there for days.
  He was working.
  He was the hardest working man in like theme park,  very nice or whatever you would call it.
  Theme park publishing, theme park analytics.
  I think all of those things apply to him.
  We had so many icons over these last few days.
  Jason met Shubhaka and we all met.
  We all met Lynn Testa.
  So I think like to wrap up, like we're going to be going, obviously again,  what are we looking forward to now?  What are we going to do?  Which is a way? What is the way to tackle it next?  Like, I will start.
  I want to figure out what the best view of the land is.
  What is the most beautiful view of the land?  Like we talk about Cars Land, that entrance over by the of the wharf  is the most beautiful view of Ornament Valley.
  I'm interested now in kind of looking and seeing through the different  archways and the different spots you can look at.
  What's like the cool view they made up?  Obviously, we know like the Millennium Falcon where that's parked is very, very cool.
  But like, what is like the epic?  What's the most epic of all the views?  I'm interested in that.
  I'm interested in seeing how they design that and paying more attention  to like that stuff.
  When I go there next.
  Impact that my next visit is at night.
  I'm really excited to see at night.
  I was very happy with the smoked Kadoo ribs,  but I'm also maybe going to switch next if I eat there again,  I might switch over to the the fried yip yip.
  I'm going to switch over to the red, the imperial imperial red.
  So give that a shot.
  You know, I think I think we've  of course, in a mega episode, we've maybe given the Falcon shirt  end of the stick.
 We had some complaints.
  I have a lot of very good things to say about the Falcon 2,  and I'm interested to crack it better.
  I didn't get to pilot it, although I think I'd be terrible at it.
  I do think that there I think I can't write this thing off.
  I can't say that it's like a just OK attraction because the lead up is so fantastic.
  And I think there's a way to make that to get more accustomed to it,  for it to be a little less stressful and to maximize your Falcon experience.
  And if what Lynn says is true and there are future expeditions coming,  I just I want to end up loving the Falcon.
  And I think I think I will.
  Yeah, I think that's right.
  I want to give a shout out to the cast member who the one time we did the Falcon  and kind of banged it up a bit and the lights were like  glitching on purpose as we were leaving, we said, wow, we really  did a number of the Falcon and the cast members coming from backstage area  without missing a beat went, you did what to the Falcon?  Like, Honda is not going to be happy.
  Like played, played the reality.
 Wow.
  Oh, yeah.
 And there was that also just I forget to mention  there was a cast member who was we were walking.
  He goes, all right, be Lilo, the First Order here.
  So don't do it like he was really very good.
  Sort of fun little bit there.
  So that's great.
 I have to say, yeah, I feel like I barely  scratch the surface on treats and eats.
  I want to walk around more.
  And I think a thing to do while I walk around, I didn't really fiddle  with the play Disney Parks data pad experience.
  There's a lot of stuff to scan.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  One of the summer who we were with was doing it a lot more.
  And she had like by the end,  gotten a reputation, gotten weapons and clothing.
  So like, I think there's a lot.
  There's a lot of frequencies you can tune into.
  She was like texting with Honda.
  She was texting with Honda.
  And it seems like the quote, unquote,  when your reputation follows you is they're kind of tracking it through Bluetooth.
  It asks you to have Bluetooth on the whole time.
  So that way you can go into things  because we were speculating because the one time the last time we went back,  one of the times we went back to the Falcon, we got like a different video  where they're like, you're back.
 Yeah.
  Which they may have figured that out through Bluetooth.
  So I'm curious about that.
 Right.
 Right.
  I you know, it's maybe a good next goal for me.
  I did my morning wine in the in the cantina.
  I want to see what happens if you get kicked out of the cantina.
  Because my next slot is the end slot.
  It's a 12 p.
m.
  I want to see if I if I won't leave, if I say, keep them coming.
  More frog eggs, please.
 More frog egg juice.
  I'm not getting out of here.
  You want to be like, make a scene.
  Will somebody like pick me up and throw me out?  Hmm.
 I wonder.
  I wonder what would happen if you did that at Carthay.
  Whatever would be much different.
  It might be less comical.
  They'll send out that that big, tall 40s goofy  that singer with the blackjack.
  Yes, with a big comical blackjack.
  That is practical.
 Yeah.
  What I want to look at, and I don't know that I will purchase it,  but I just need to take a look at that gold bust of Plo Koon,  the Sith character Plo Koon that supposedly is sold in Dock  on Dar.
 Yeah.
  I got to take a look at it.
  I shouldn't buy it.
  But my irony poisoning makes me want it.
  Who is the other prequel item that there is a Mace Windu one too, I think.
  Yeah.
 Fuck Mace Windu.
  I want Plo Koon, the famous prequel's character Plo Koon.
  And I want to take a look at it and I want to assess it.
  I don't know how much it is.
 Do we know how much it is?  No, I think we can find out, though.
  I bet we can find out.
  I think people have been cataloging every item for sale.
  You know what? I actually don't want it.
  I'm going very soon.
 I don't want to know.
  I want to figure it out.
  Let the Force guide you.
  I'll see if the Force.
.
.
  To Plo Koon.
  If the Force tells me to purchase Plo Koon, I may.
  We'll see.
 We'll see what will happen.
  Something tells me it might.
  It might.
 Your midichlorian count's strong enough.
  I'm curious to see what happens, though,  because the next few weeks with the reservations,  there are time slots where there's a two hour crossover  with the different two different parties as opposed to one hour.
  I'm curious to see how that affects everything.
  We'll see.
 I guess we'll hear about it.
  I would think if anything was going to go bad,  it would have been this weekend.
  And it seems like this weekend went great.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  It certainly did for us personally.
  And I hope it was great for you to listen to us  have a good time in a place that you maybe couldn't get to.
  I hope listening to it was just as fun as being there.
  Yeah.
 I can tell you that it wasn't.
  That's the number one thing I can see.
  Like, I'm still I've been watching videos ever since we left.
  Videos don't tell you it's it's all that stuff.
  It's atmosphere, it sounds, it smells.
  Watching that ride doesn't tell you because, OK, right.
  Like are the graphics like is it a little video gamey on the ride once in a while?  Sure.
 But you don't you have like the feeling of hitting a button and then you  like it, you hit a button and then the whole thing shakes in a crazy way.
  Or that it's you you're making it all happen.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  You got to be at a whole another level.
  Yeah.
 From just seeing because I saw like  I won't say who was already trying to make the Millennium Falcon  ride a disaster of our friends.
  You won't say which podcasting, which which peer one  luminary, one partner, one which IP hating  podcaster has it all for D-boy.
  I don't want to be specific here, but which one?  Imagine what that stands for stuck in development.
  He sees a person development system.
  That's what we'll say.
  But he was already trying to sort of paint that as a big disaster.
  And I did say, like, if you watch the video, there's a lot more glare on the Falcons,  like screen in the cockpit.
  And I was like, I can see where you like it looks maybe a little cheapy,  but it really it being in there is a much different experience.
  Let's remember, too, that is technically the D ticket ride.
  The ticket isn't even open yet.
  Yes.
 Also, the ride we need to remember that a whole and a whole copy  of this land coming to Florida.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And Florida people were here watching how everything was going.
  So they can that's their little cheat sheet.
  So presumably, Florida will also go smooth.
  Yeah.
 Once that ride, I keep forgetting that there's oh, the best part of it is an open  yeah, I like times 100.
  Supposedly the best part is not open yet.
  And I can't like I I kind of like that they didn't open it yet.
  I kind of like that we got more.
  And it's kind of fun to get me to renew my pet.
  My pass is going to be up.
  I'm going to have to go on that ride.
  There's no way you can't.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  They got me.
 I'm so screwed.
  We're all going to spend so much goddamn money.
  We already have like, yeah, it's.
  Well, we'll get to see how all this architecture holds up to hurricane  conditions when the Florida version opens kind of in the middle  start of hurricane season.
 Oh, no, it's all going to blow away.
  It's all going to blow away and then rearrange itself.
  And spires are millennia old.
  So hopefully they would stand.
  Hopefully they stand strong.
  Well, hey, folks, you survived podcast, the ride supersized  the galaxy's edge edition, almost as long as a window  of time in which you could be in the land.
  Now, if you have we called for questions on Twitter  and we couldn't fit them into this episode, but head over to Patreon.
com  slash podcast, the ride, and we will put up.
  We will do a podcast, the right post office devoted to your questions  and anything that we missed about galaxy's edge and keep throwing questions at us  because we'll probably we're hey, we're going to milk galaxy's edge.
  We're going to blue milk it for all of the content that we possibly can.
  And that regular stuff, too.
  I was just going to that episode's going to be up Wednesday.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
 So, yeah, look more right away.
  And then we're heading to hopefully see some of you at our live show,  at our hundredth episode.
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah.
  There's a few tickets left.
  So if you're hearing this and you want to go and maybe on the fence,  I would buy now.
 Yeah.
  A couple left.
 Give it a shot.
  No promises.
 But yeah, yeah.
  I think I mean, I should check.
  But maybe you can smuggle some tickets out of the dynasty typewriter dot com.
  And yeah, but otherwise, we'll see you there.
  And that'll be out on Monday.
  And boy, a bunch of fun stuff, gentlemen.
  It's been great.
 Yes, it has.
  It's been as fun as riding a caddo.
  Yeah.
 May May not bright suns.
  We have to say this.
 May the spires keep you or.
  Yeah.
 OK.
  I think you're right.
  May the force be with you.
 All right.
 Sure.
 It's still that.
  Forever.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
