 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may contain  a miserable Scott Glenn, fireproof buildings  anointed by the Lord and people literally breathing jazz.
  This podcast may seem harmless, but don't let it seduce you.
  It's Backdraft on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a show about theme parks,  where we're excited to discuss all the times  that the universal backlot was supposed to be on fire.
  I'm Scott Carradier joined by Jason Sheridan,  Mike Carlson, hey fellas.
  Yeah, hello, I'm Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, there is a rich history of fires  at the universal backlot.
  This one also has a time it wasn't supposed to be on fire.
  Yes, within the attraction where there's a fire  inside of a soundstage, the outside of the soundstage  was also set on fire, unrelatedly, I don't know.
  I believe it was a blowtorch, just a worker.
  Then they were, that's what I'm thinking,  they were working on it.
  During the day, during business hours.
  What?  Yeah.
  Was it a test run for the fake fire that happened later  that destroyed the King Kong part of the tram tour?  Like 20 years later?  Yeah, I mean, was it that late?  No, it wasn't that late.
  It's 1992, this accidental fire happened.
  This opened in 92 and the fire was in the first couple months.
  Yes, it was also in 92 and then the fake New York fire  was 2008.
  There was a different, I was watching, I can't remember.
  It's like Yester Land, Yesterworld, one of those.
  And there's another incident where.
  Not the movie where the Beatles music disappears?  No, that's a different, that's yesterday.
  And that's not the Bruce Springsteen musical one.
  Yeah, I didn't know about that one.
  Which we saw before when we saw Aladdin.
  No, it's not that, it's one of those YouTube videos  where they recount what happened in a defunct attraction.
  And there was an incident where the fire sprinklers  were set off drenching the people that were watching  Backdraft because the ride itself got like too flamey.
  It like flared up and it set off the sprinkler system.
  Like dousing people, I think in like chemicals and water.
  No, oh sure.
  And they had to change their clothes,  they had to go to the hotel, they had to like,  they offered, they all got free, whatever shirt,  thing one and thing two shirts.
  And then they got March in the hotel  to take a shower and back out.
  So I think I was confusing it with that  because that was, I don't think, too long ago.
  I didn't know about that one.
  But I bring this up partially because have you guys  been following that the 2008 Universal Fire  has been back in the news this week?  Yes.
 Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  This is fascinating.
  This is, it suddenly is a story again  and we picked Backdraft pretty randomly as a topic,  but this actually, fire in the universe a lot,  extremely relevant right now.
  And if you at home don't know this,  an incredible article from the New York Times Magazine  about the 2008 fire that, the big headline at the time  was that the fire destroyed King Kong,  the original experience on the tram  and the amazing animatronic that I got to yell at every day  for one of the best summers of my life.
  That was the big thing about it  and it destroyed some of the backlot sets and everything.
  And then there was also the element  that it destroyed a little bit of the video vault.
  Yes.
  And which I remember when I was training to be a tour guide,  they pointed out that building and they said,  this is one of the things you can never mention on the tour.
  You cannot bring up that that building is the video vault.
  We will tell you that,  but there's very precious stuff in there  and we need to make sure nobody knows where that is.
  Then it caught on fire two years later.
  And they tried to, they addressed that at the time  and they said, well, everything was backed up  and don't worry about it.
  And we think maybe we lost,  we thought that we lost the original print  of What Dreams May Come.
  I was gonna say, What Dreams May Come is the one that they,  yes, that was the one I remember  that they were trying to track down the master of.
  We might've lost What Dreams May Come.
  It went to heaven, like the movie itself.
  But no, we tracked it down in Europe, it's fine.
  Okay, so film situation's fine.
  Oh yeah, oh and by the way,  we might've lost a little bit of music,  but we're not really worried about it,  just like a couple obscure.
  That was all that remained of that.
  And then in the last couple weeks,  mega expose where that basically is that  all of the master recordings for all of the music ever  was destroyed.
  It is so bonkers.
  And have you guys read the article?  I haven't, I didn't know the extent of it.
  It's shocking.
  I mean, as a result of media consolidation over decades,  the Universal Music Group is massive.
  And there was all of this, like Buddy Holly Masters,  is it Louis Armstrong?  Was he in there?  Anyone you can think of.
  And then other older stuff of record labels  people don't even remember anymore.
  Stuff where it's like this could be the only copy  might just be gone now.
  Which would be gone forever.
  Entire labels, chess and I believe DECA.
  Impulse, what was Impulse records?  Who cares?  Just throw it in a warehouse.
  So that's most of John Coltrane's masters.
  Wow.
  Who else is on Impulse?  So Duke Ellington, Count Basie, Dizzy Gillespie,  Sonny Rollins, Favaro Sanders, Charles Mingus.
  And then that's just like, the list is so overwhelming  that if you just stop and meditate  on any individual one of them,  like rock around the clock was destroyed.
  There can never be a true remaster  of a rock around the clock at last is gone.
  Geez.
  Louie Louie is gone.
  Things these like fundamental touchstones.
  In popular music.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And then if you keep going down the list  to like more recent stuff,  the other where you first you got blues to deal with.
  It's John Lee Hooker and Buddy Guy and Howlin' Wolf.
  And then you keep going through like Quincy Jones,  Four Tops, Burt Bacharach, Mamas and the Papas,  Joni Mitchell, Al Green, Steely Dan.
  And that is the unkindest cut of all.
  Now you're most favorite of all the people you listed.
  You've gone too far, fire.
  All Steely Dan?  Not all of Steely Dan.
  And this actually comes up in the article  and I don't wanna just recap this  or the article in the podcast,  but I encourage everybody to look it up  because it's even if you're just,  you know, if you're a little interested  in the theme park of it or the music of it,  it's a, or just if you like government coverups  and conspiracies, this isn't government,  but if you like crazy conspiracies,  it's so insane.
  Steely Dan comes up specifically in the story  because okay, so the fire happens and they downplay it  and they even, there's a guy who they make fall  on his sword and say, hey, can you just give me the names  of like two obscure artists who might've had their masters  in the fire?  And they're able to say like, oh, so and so,  you know, this guy's this organist, all his music's gone.
  Nothing else important.
  They hiding the fact that this is all like  fundamental American culture that got destroyed.
  And nobody was really asking questions  and then Irving Azov started asking around  who was at the, in the 70s was like a manager,  an agent or something.
  Now is one of the most powerful people in the industry  via Ticketmaster and all this stuff.
  He started asking, was this set of Steely Dan masters  destroyed and they panicked and let's try to find it  and luckily they found it in a warehouse in Pennsylvania  or somewhere else.
  Don't worry Irving, it's all fine.
  But guess what, that wasn't all of it.
  There are Steely Dan, there's Steely Dan songs  that can never be heard again, which is infuriating to me  because there's like demos that are on hissy tape  that are still fantastic and they'll never be done properly.
  Do we, I have two quick thoughts.
  Do we know what Steely Dan songs were destroyed  and was my old school destroyed,  my favorite Steely Dan song?  Oh, oh, I don't know actually.
  And there's maybe no way of knowing.
  Can't vouch for my old school.
  You know what though, I think,  here's an interesting component of all this.
  You start to ask why are masters important  beyond making better mixes of albums  and music engineering and stuff can be kind of esoteric  to me, I can't tell the difference  between the mono and the stereo.
  But there's all these bizarre uses of masters  you might never think of, like with the Beatles  they wanna make a Cirque du Soleil show  and remix all the stuff or rock band.
  And I believe my old school was on rock band.
  I think you could buy that.
  And in order to make rock band happen,  they had to separate out all of the stems.
  So that makes me think that my old school is safe.
  Yes, but there is a really hissy,  it's only available in horrible quality on YouTube  is a song called The Bear that I love  and there'll probably never be a good version of The Bear  by Steely Dan, fuck all this.
  And also, and then another one,  Chris Novacelek himself says he's fairly certain,  Nirvana, Nevermind, the master recordings are gone.
  Oh my God.
  They have been gone since 2008.
  And that's not even, it's like so,  this thing goes, the list is so insane.
  It goes on Tom Petty, this Tom Petty, it's gone forever.
  R.
E.
M.
 we think.
  Yeah, yeah, it's so bonkers.
  It is crazy, I mean, a couple things to think about.
  One, these warehouses are just that, they are warehouses.
  Even if you have the best climate control  and fireproofing, as we learned today.
  And they didn't because, well, they did have  climate control and they made everything very cold,  the exact temperature for old film to be stored at,  which is too cold for music.
  So some of this music already was cracking apart,  like the tapes were breaking.
  So it was already shit and then it all caught on fire.
  It's already shit, one, it's staffed by humans.
  Sometimes it's just staffed by a guy or two.
  Usually.
  Sometimes it's staffed by a dog.
  You said staffed by humans.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So sometimes it's a dog.
  But maybe, they might have just had a big hound  like walking around this big warehouse.
  An old, like 15 year old hound with like a security hat  on top in the barrel, the St.
 Bernard barrel,  in case somebody falls and needs whiskey.
  I mean, I worked at a post house for many years  with massive vaults of like dailies and stuff,  like and masters.
  One project I worked on was the Blu-ray restoration  of Star Trek The Next Generation.
  And I had the camera masters.
  I just had a room filled with film canisters.
  Oh my God, did you get fudge all over  the Star Trek The Next Generation masters?  All over them.
  I got Trader Joe's yogurt all over them.
  How come in most episodes, like this big brown gas  like filled, it seemed like they went to that plot.
  Yeah, there was always a fudge gas monster  on every new episode, newly mastered episode of TNG.
  Yeah, so usually understaffed, sometimes often underpaid.
  And a lot of times they'll just like cut costs or,  I mean, stuff disappears forever.
  Like I just the other day watched The Other Side of the Wind,  the Orson Welles' last movie that they finally finished,  that they finally, and that film was scattered  all over the France and America.
  Like the masters were scattered everywhere.
  Frank Marshall, Hollywood power player, helped finish it.
  He was one of his first jobs, was a production manager,  and he's even on camera in the movie.
  Margaritaville power player.
  Margaritaville, Jimmy Buffett's best friend.
  Jimmy Buffett's best friend, always on tour with Jimmy.
  His wife is heading up Lucasfilm, he's off hanging out,  drinking a margarita and watching the same setlist  every night, but it's great, honestly.
  It sounds like a great life.
  Brown Eyed Girl only gets better.
  Yeah, with, hey, you know the steel drums you put  on the Brown Eyed Girl in the night sounded great, Jimmy.
  Hell yeah, they did.
  And then that's like his every night, essentially.
  Sure.
  Probably fist bump, hug it out.
  Yeah, hug it out.
  Yeah, so that was able, they were able to piece that  all together with what Orson had already edited  and script notes to cut it together as a miracle  because the ending to The Magnificent,  Ambersons was just thrown in a furnace.
  Like Howard Hughes, which is like the actual,  his ideal ending, they recut it,  and it got taken away from Wells.
  But people always think, maybe one day,  maybe one day we'll find it,  the canister's a film in a vault,  but it's also possible that died in a fire,  or Howard Hughes was just like,  no, throw it out, just burn it.
  Right, right.
  Or I come at it from the Beach Boys angle  where Brian Wilson wanted to not, you know,  he tried to destroy the smile tapes,  and then he came around on it eventually,  and thank God they weren't all destroyed,  or we couldn't have pieced together  this great musical artifact.
  Do we know, are the Prince archives anywhere near  an amusement park?  That's my biggest concern.
  I mean, they're only, they're like probably 40 miles away  from the Mall of America into indoor amusement parks,  so it'd have to be a really epic fire  to make it all the way to Chantousin,  or whatever the town is where.
  Well, they've been moved, I've heard.
  They've been all moved to Los Angeles.
  Uh-oh.
 That's my understanding.
  No, no.
 Is the whole archives now  somewhere in a climate-controlled place  in Los Angeles for them to.
 Climate control is good, okay.
  But is it, you know.
 It's not the lot, is it?  I don't know.
 It's not next to earthquake.
  I don't know, it might be the lot.
  It might be in Buena Park next to Knott's Berry Farm.
  I don't know where it could be,  but hopefully it's not near a theme park.
  That's my concern.
 No, no.
  I, oh God, it's next to, it's right next to the Flash Flood,  and at some point, it's like it's right,  it's in old Mexico, and at some point  that facade's gonna crack.
  The seaplane from Waterworld is going to fly  right into them.
 It's just balsa wood, but.
  Who would ever suspect that all the Prince Masters  would be under the tank where they  perform Waterworld every day?  No one will find them there.
  That's what the Mariner is trying to protect.
  That's what the Deacon is trying to get at.
  He doesn't care about dry land.
  Oh, wait a minute.
 Oh, precious  Prince Masters.
 He just wants the  DV tapes of the documentary Kevin Smith  shot hours and hours of like following Prince around.
  Talking about spirituality.
 Yeah.
  All right, I have the answer to the question,  where are the Prince archives?  They're at Iron Mountain.
  Well, Iron Mountain came up in this story.
  Iron Mountain's presented as like an important alternative,  and that it is, which is so crazy,  race to Iron Mountain.
  You know, Iron Mountain also.
  It's not Iron City though, which is good.
  So we can't use those coins we got  when we won the Alita experience.
  It would be better if the tapes were in Zalem.
  We're up in the sky in Zalem.
  Iron Mountain is also a destroying company,  like a shredding and like hard drive destroying company.
  They do both.
  There is an Iron Mountain literally across the 101  from Universal City Walk.
  No, no, no.
 I don't know which  Iron Mountain Prince's archives are at.
  They're everywhere, like big office buildings  use Iron Mountain.
 So we don't know which one.
  So what if there's a flood of those aqua spas  in the Zen Zone, all that like chemical water  starts rushing down the hill.
 Very possible.
  Yeah, or say someone's in the iFly  and they get shot out the top  and then they get flying into the archives  and they just destroy all of it  with their dead lifeless body.
  That would be a nightmare.
  Crash through the rain.
  Yeah, at that point they're going 120 miles per hour  with such force that yeah, the original,  all of parade cracks in half.
  Well, you know, Prince's, Prince,  there's a quote about Prince in this article,  it's our quote from Prince in this article,  which is, if you don't own your masters,  your master owns you.
  All of that shit that Prince is so crazy about  and writing slave on his face  and changing his name and everything,  this is the kind of thing he was fighting about.
  This is exactly what, like,  he was smart enough to realize that  and then it all got put in a vault at Paisley Park  and now we're all getting to experience it,  newly remastered, thanks to Prince being aware  that this could be a problem.
  He could have left a little bit of a clear will,  but other than that, I think a lot of people  accused him of being kind of kooky in the 90s,  but I think on a lot of this stuff,  he's 100% right, artists rights, owning your masters,  not having to-  Wanting to put out albums all the time.
  Right, you like-  No, only, please, Prince, only put out one,  like 10 songs every three years,  that's what the label wanted.
  Right, so yeah, so I think that in hindsight,  a lot of the things he was championing were correct.
  Yeah, and the only thing he got wrong  is that he thought he would live to be 120 years old.
  Right.
  And didn't have to make a will.
  But he also didn't celebrate his birthday  because he didn't believe in birthdays.
  Oh, so he didn't know.
  He didn't even know how old he was.
  So how old-  When he did, he thought he was 36.
  Yeah, he thought he was 36, eternally.
  Something like that, I think.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, the theme parks do factor into this story also  because there's one guy who essentially  has been whistleblowing this whole thing,  and who expressed his concern in 1990  when the plan was to put all of this  and aware us on the universe a lot.
  His concerns proved to be correct when later in 1990,  there was a fire purposefully set  by a disgruntled security guard  that burnt down lots of things very close to this vault.
  And then another fire in 1997.
  And besides all of the fires,  he points out in the article,  the King Kong riot had explosions all day every day,  flames shooting up right next door to the vault.
  Right.
  It's important to note that film-making technology  has never figured out a way to perfect lighting  other than very hot lights on top of very flimsy poles.
  That smoke, that like.
  That smoke, yeah.
  We've all been on sets where just something starts smoking  and then nobody's actually that alarmed.
  Like, that's fine, that happens.
  Or like the gel is too close to the light,  but like gel or blackout stuff,  like flammable material that you put right next to the light.
  Or we've almost been like hit in the head  with a falling light many times.
  Like that always happens.
  The light is about to fall on you or someone.
  So like, yeah, if it falls over and cracks,  like yeah, the fire quickly spreads.
  It's all pretty flimsy for sure.
  And also do you guys know how that,  well, I know you might not believe me,  but I don't know if you even know how the fire  supposedly started in 2008,  which is that there was a guy repairing the roof  and that gets hot enough to start a fire.
  So they keep somebody watching it for an hour,  which they did, and then the people went on break  at four in the morning,  and then it caught on fire 35 minutes later.
  It was still hot enough to start a fire,  even though it had been cooling for an hour and a half.
  They watched it for like the exact amount of time.
  Like when you jump a battery in a car  and they're like, drive it for 30 minutes.
  They turn the car off at 30 minutes even.
  That feels like a perfect alibi though.
  It gets the workers off the hook,  and then it's no problem.
  There's nothing will ever convince me  that it was not set on purpose  because of the fact of the new King Kong that got put in.
  That's the most suspicious thing.
  I mean, it was two months later.
  You feel that it was so close to,  that they had the new Peter Jackson King Kong  so ready to go.
  Yeah.
  I mean, they waited maybe a year or something  to announce it officially, but they had it ready to go.
  They had to deal with him in place.
  Like if what other part of the tram, I don't know,  I guess they could have updated anything  that got destroyed by a fire,  but it seems very convenient to me  that they were just like, yeah, we'll put the new King Kong,  that thing that we've made a deal about already.
  Like, let's just do that.
  There was a recent release of theirs  and they didn't know it was a King Kong,  it was a license before I think.
  Right, it just seems very convenient is all I'm saying.
  Let me ask you guys,  how quickly after the fire did you go to Universal?  Very quickly.
  Cause I was there the next day.
  The fire was on a Sunday.
  I was there on Monday doing runs  cause the production company we were working for at the time  had a bungalow and then one of those little temporary  kind of office trailers next to the smoldering wreckage.
  I was looking at like ET hazmat suit guys  who sorting through flaming wreckage  and everyone just had the windows open  and the fans going like, oh, the smell is terrible.
  And I'm like, what are we breathing in?  How are you doing accounting here?  Like I'm getting the fuck out of here as quick as I can.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I mean, I was there that day.
  I went because I wasn't supposed to work that day  but I was still on the schedule as a tour guide  and somebody called me and said, put on the news.
  And I said, which channel?  He said, any channel.
  Put it on, raging fire.
  Or like I drove down as quick as I could.
  I came running to the fire.
  The ghoul that I am.
  And I watched it from the balcony  where there was an unbelievable view.
  But now I'm adding up that I was from there breathing up  a lot of toxic fumes.
  And I now realize that I breathed Etta James at last.
  Etta James at last went through my lungs  and I'm going to die of cancer  because Etta James at last was in my body.
  They'll be doing some sort of scan  and they'll be like little vibrate.
  They'll be able to hear it a little bit in the machines.
  He's gone but there's a lovely tune playing.
  The last remnant of the song, Left With Scott's Soul.
  Yeah.
  That what year was it?  2008.
  2008.
  So I was a PA nearby Warner Brothers at the ranch  and I remember seeing it, I'm pretty sure from,  I think, what was it a weekday?  Yeah, I could see the smoke.
  Was it a weekday?  I think I saw it.
  It was a Sunday, I think.
  There were a lot of fighters that year.
  So I'm trying to remember if that was one of the fighters  I saw from there but I could have easily seen it  because it was so close there.
  But then we went very quickly on the tram tour.
  Anyway.
  Absolutely insane.
  I highly recommend this article  which describes the incident as the biggest disaster  in the history of the music business.
  Universal Music Group is going to get sued  into the ground now.
  Sued by the states and management houses  and record label like sued out the eyes.
  And apparently there were three artists,  Joni Mitchell, Sting and Peter Frampton  who all put in the request to have the masters  enough time had passed and legally the masters  could revert back to them and they could have them  physically now and due to bureaucracy and red tape  they never got it.
  Those three can fuck Universal up.
  Wow.
  It's great.
  That is an insane problem.
  When a client wants masters, dailies,  that sort of stuff back, then the company  has to go through, catalog everything in the system,  print it out, start giving that out  and then you have to find it all in the physical facility,  box it up, catalog it again to make sure you got it  and then send it at like, it's insane.
  That's a lot to do.
  Yeah.
  Okay, you know the wins and outs of the post.
  And there was tons of this stuff that just wasn't labeled.
  Nobody knew where it was if they wanted to start  looking for it.
  No, of course not.
  If stuff is coming right from a recording studio  or coming right from set, people are writing  grease pencil or scratchy notes and just shoving it  in a box and sending it to the lot.
  Barely remembering to say what the hell it even was.
  So this thing is so insane and if I could tie  everything together to really add insult to injury,  the biggest revelation of the article has to be that  in every show of Backdraft, the initial fire  was sparked by a rare blues master.
  Every single time that Backdraft ran,  30 times a day, they burnt through the entire  Howlin' Wolf catalog on a single labor day in 1983  and it's just, it's hateful.
  Ooh, man.
  That is not rough.
  That's not, it's learned from mistakes of the past.
  But anyway, in 2008, the purposeful fires of Backdraft  still raging not very far away from down on the lower lot.
  If you aren't super familiar with Universal Studios  or its history, it's where the Transformers ride is today.
  And yeah, Backdraft.
  Backdraft, I saw a clip of an old commercial  that was promoting, like if you've been to Universal  in a while, come check this out.
  And it was guys in prison.
  Like it was like, hey, I bet you haven't been  to Universal in a while and they're like, no, I've been busy.
  And it's like, you gotta come check out Backdraft.
  And I think, did the Trantor also briefly load  from the lower lot for a while?  Do you remember that?  It did before Jurassic Park, it did.
  Yeah, yeah, that was all done.
  So that was all sort of what they were plugging.
  And Lucy attributes, guys.
  Oh, and Lucy attributes.
  Lower lot has to be, this was the new land of its time  before Galaxy's Edge.
  All of that in one place.
  Oh my God.
 The Starway.
  Yes, and the Starway.
  A miraculous theme park invention  of three or four escalators in a row.
  It feels like eight escalators.
  It feels a lot crazy.
  Is it four?  I think it's more than five, maybe five.
  Well, we'll find that out.
  That'll be one of the pieces of info  in the eventual Starway episode.
  That's a perfect second gate to me.
  Full things you have to travel, is it four?  One, two, three, four?  That sounds right.
  I mean, the first one is like an overlook.
  Universal Studios Hollywood has to do  a little more of the LA, the magic of the movie,  sort of like.
  And it's in a scenic spot,  so there's a spot just for pictures.
  Wait, and only recently is it four?  That's interesting.
  What was it?  They only added a, oh no, I'm sorry,  they added a fourth row.
  I'm talking horizontally.
  Yeah, they widened it.
  It's interesting.
  I'm not sure how many long ways there are.
  They never try, I wonder if they ever did the math on,  could we build, I guess it wouldn't be a monorail,  it would probably be a funicular,  like at a Grand Budapest Hotel,  or an angel's flight in Los Angeles.
  A funicular goes down a slanted hill.
  Well, I've always wondered, will they try to do,  will the Harry Potter train suddenly become a,  what's the word, funicular?  Funicular, yeah.
  I think they can turn it into a funicular.
  I mean, that would be a very gradual, that'd be great.
  That would be perfect.
  Make it an angel's flight.
  Sure.
  Do we have an answer?  It looks like four from this picture.
  It's only four, they're so long.
  That's why I'm saying it feels like eight,  but I think it's like four.
  Now I can't stop thinking about a Starway episode.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Let's just go straight into the head from this.
  Yeah, sure.
  Well, because if we can find all the loops.
  Starway, Father of the Pride, summer is heating up.
  As you hear this.
  And Lucy, Lucy Attribute.
  Oh, well that's my white whale.
  Haven't listened to podcast the ride in a while.
  But here's what you're missing out on, Starway episode.
  Lucy Attribute.
  Sounds good, I'm gonna bust outta here.
  I'm bustin' outta Sing Sing.
  We start at Star Wars Galaxy's Edge in the summer  and we end with Lucy Attribute.
  Lucy Attribute.
  And our ratings plummet.
  But praise from my mother goes skyrocketing.
  She's so happy with that episode.
  Praise is always high with her as long as you don't swear.
  Yeah, that's true.
  That's really what it depends on.
  Yeah, that's really what the main thing is.
  Or something about the Lord.
  So, Fact Draft, a pretty big movie of its time.
  The number 14 top grossing movies, 1991,  made about, in America made about 78 million.
  Internationally brought it up to 150 million.
  Did pretty good.
  But they were a little disappointed, it felt like.
  They were a little disappointed.
  They wanted it to be a massive one.
  Because it is like Kurt Russell and Ron Howard directing.
  Robert De Niro's in it and Donald Sutherland.
  Scott Glenn.
  Scott Glenn.
  Oh gosh.
  Glenn fans out.
  I mean, it's a weird level of hit.
  Certainly a hit, but weird that.
  I wonder if it, what's the actual ratio  of least box office success to theme park attraction  and like long running, their length of the ride being open.
  Well, 1991 was a big year for movies.
  Terminator 2, Judgment Day.
  Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves, number two that year.
  Beauty and the Beast, Silence of the Lambs,  City Slickers Hook, The Addams Family,  Sleeping with the Enemy, Father of the Bride,  Naked, number 10, Naked Gun, two and a half,  The Smell of Fear, number 10.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  In domestic receipts that year.
  Now, with that guy who's on Twitter now.
  Oh yeah.
  I think the third lead of Naked Gun, I forget his name,  but he just joined Twitter and people seem oddly agitated.
  Oh right, right.
  I did hear about him.
  I forget who, now George, is that George Kennedy?  No, he passed away.
  I forget, I don't know.
  I'll look it up later.
  Was that also Scott Glenn?  I think it's also Scott Glenn.
  Scott Glenn is on Twitter now.
  That's already so twisted up about Scott Glenn's Twitter.
  So kind of, it reminded me, thinking about this  and reading about Backtrack,  which I don't think I've ever seen all the way through.
  I think it's one I've seen bits and pieces of on cable.
  Not seen it.
  Not seen it, yeah.
  It seems like that type of movie where they're like,  oh they don't make movies like that anymore.
  They don't make movies for adults anymore.
  Sure, well a lot of what was on your list,  I feel that way about it.
  Yes.
  Those are all, that's when movies worked  and how much of that was original.
  So not a lot of franchise in there.
  They could gun franchise.
  I guess Kate Fear was a remake,  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2, Star Trek 4.
  I guess so, yeah.
  But JFK, Hotshots, Prince of Tides.
  Do you consider JFK based on IP in a way?  JFK IP?  Yes, I do.
  Okay.
  Yeah, for sure.
  The mental real estate of assassination.
  Yeah, but not an earth shattering hit.
  I mean, you're not gonna take down T2.
  It took them a few more years to get those rights  to make a ride.
  Also something that I feel like,  I didn't see it and maybe I'm wrong and biased.
  This doesn't feel like one that lasted very long.
  It didn't feel like Apollo 13 or something  where I felt like, people thought of that movie.
  I feel like no one thought of this after a few years.
  Maybe that's totally wrong.
  Like a match that you ignite and burns out very quickly?  And it goes out very quickly, yes.
  Yeah, okay.
  Maybe I'm wrong.
  Once you're seduced by the flame.
  Yeah, I wouldn't disagree with that.
  I think that sounds right.
  I think it looms, any looming that Backdraft has  is due to the attraction, I would think.
  Although, now once again,  we picked this topic pretty randomly a couple days ago,  but strangely, A, there was the fire tie-in that we covered,  but also, y'all know about Backdraft 2, right?  Scott, I'm so glad you wrote on Backdraft 2.
  We've all not said it yet,  but we all know we learned about Backdraft 2  in the last 24 to 48 hours.
  I was almost done my research,  and I was like, let me just look at the Wikipedia  for the movie, not the ride,  to just go over it all once again,  just to make sure I didn't miss anything.
  And I opened up another 45 minutes  of learning about Backdraft 2.
  Well, we should say when Backdraft 2 came out.
  A month and a half ago.
  A month ago.
  What in the world?  How is it that the day we think of Backdraft,  there's oddly the current things.
  Surely they didn't get anyone from the original cast back.
  They're all too busy, right?  You're Kurt Russell's, he's got plenty to do,  and I don't suppose.
  Wait, I'm sorry, I was wrong.
  They got William Baldwin and Donald Sutherland  to reprise the characters.
  What two members of great acting lineages  lending their valued names to this franchise again.
  I didn't actually learn this.
  Where is this available?  It's on Blu-ray DVD.
  It's on demand.
  You can get it, and it's Universal produced.
  This isn't someone bought the rights.
  Universal put this out.
  Billy Baldwin plays his character from the movie,  and the main character is the son  of Kurt Russell's firefighter character,  who passes away in the first one,  and there's lots of mention of his wife and son.
  His wife, I gotta get you.
  It's too dangerous being around you.
  All you care about is, you're too reckless,  so all you care about is fights.
  Sean, I think that's the son's name.
  I can't have Sean around you all the time.
  And Sean's all grown up and is also an arson investigator.
  Wow, wow.
 Like his father  and grandfather, because Kurt Russell plays  Kurt Russell's character's father in the first movie.
  It's a multi-generation?  It's multi-generational, and Billy Baldwin is the brother,  so the new character's uncle.
  And it goes all the way back into time,  and eventually that ancestral line  fought the first fire ever set by man.
  They had to fight the fire,  the cow that kicked over the lantern  that started to chow down.
  Mrs.
 O'Leary's cow.
  Mrs.
 O'Leary's fucking cow.
  Backdraft 2 available on Netflix for streaming right now.
  Oh boy, oh, we got a lot to do.
  We really should watch that.
  And it's also, it's universal and imagined.
  Oh.
 Yeah.
  As is Kindergarten Cop 2,  which I unfortunately rented on a lark  from a video store not that long ago,  and discovered that it is a big anti-PC tirade.
  It's a movie where Dolph Lundgren gets to show  that he's mad that kids have peanut allergies,  and why don't they just like shut the fuck up  and get over it?  Eat the damn peanut butter.
  Isn't that what all dads wanna say  to their children who have a legitimate syndrome  and a thing they can't.
  Yeah, force them to eat.
  That they did not choose to have.
  These little wimps.
  These snowflakes.
  Eat the peanut butter.
  Is there anyone from the original movie in that?  I don't think so.
  The grown kid.
  Yeah, the famous kids.
  Yeah, what do the kids even say?  I don't know.
  Kindergarten Cop's not coming to me.
  I wonder, are there more of these weird 90s movies  that were like kind of hits that all of a sudden  are quietly just being sequelized on Netflix?  Oh.
  They mean there have to be.
  There have to be.
  Yeah, there have to be.
  This snuck by us.
  We didn't even know.
  We wouldn't know if we weren't doing this topic.
  Yeah.
  We might get them a lot of their box office.
  Right.
  Most people are going to log on to see this now  because of us.
  We should get a commission check.
  So the screenwriter of the first back draft,  Gregory Wilden.
  Wilden.
  Named checked in the ride by Ron Hark.
  Named checked in the ride is a former firefighter.
  I didn't realize he also wrote Highlander.
  Yeah.
  And The Prophecy, the Christopher Walken movie,  The Prophecy.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  And he wrote the sequel, right?  For back draft too?  Yes.
  He did write the sequel, okay.
  Uh-huh.
  There's so much original crew.
  Yeah.
  It's kind of as close as you could come to a sequel.
  Yeah.
  Do you think Ron at least sent flowers or anything?  Ron seems like a nice guy.
  He seems like he would have done something,  a token of some like, hey, great job.
  Yeah.
  Box of cupcakes or something.
  Cupcakes.
  Yeah, maybe.
  Well, and it's imagined.
  So he is like.
  He had to know.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Check, yeah.
  He might've gotten an email.
  Hanging him.
  Wilden said it specifically.
  While he was trying to make solo work,  he was like an email, like, we're doing back draft too.
  Okay, sure.
  Fine, fine.
  Great, send.
  All right, back to figuring this out.
  So Alden, here's what a merc is.
  Um.
  Um.
  Um.
  Um.
  Um.
  Um.
  It's a terrible way to keep, to refer to Star Wars fans  who are keeping the faith, Scott.
  You can call them marks.
  Different marks, different marks.
  They refer, original back drafts, music by Hans Zimmer.
  Yes.
  Interesting, yeah.
  And one of, an early score of him.
  And I actually wanted to point out,  I haven't pulled up on Spotify.
  I didn't realize till re-watching this  that this music cue that has loomed in my head,  I didn't realize is from back draft  and is used in the ride.
  And you see, this will see,  like hopefully seem familiar to you guys,  maybe even outside of back draft here really quick.
  Whoop.
  ["Spring Day"]  Oh yeah.
  That's you, that's every universal area music's  fireworks show like that is played.
  I remember it from, I associated with,  I think they used it in ads for The Lost World.
  Like in my mind that cue,  because it's still a little haunting to me  and it reminds me of like watching a T-Rex run.
  I think they used,  I think they repurposed it for a lot of other stuff.
  The other song like that, that gets used,  I feel like maybe Disney and Universal is actually,  I forget what it's called, but it's from Dragon Heart.
  It's like a very stirring orchestral thing.
  Yeah.
  It's just used everywhere in theme parks.
  It is outlived Dragon Heart by like decades.
  I think there was a video you could play on the tour  that had, yeah, that was whatever that Dragon Heart theme is.
  It's an interesting genre,  the music that outlives the movie.
  It doesn't outlive it because people like this movie,  but I know Hook is like, that score is so well regarded.
  Right.
  Oh yeah.
  Isn't like the American president,  don't people, they feel like they use that all the time.
  Soarin' maybe, is that the American president they use?  There's something like some older, not that old,  but like movie in the Soarin' queue.
  I think the theme from the Warped Rites stuff  shows up in a few attractions.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Right, right.
  But especially, oh, there's a website,  I just saw they released some compilation.
  I think it's like the Epcot Legacy Project  put some playlists together  that you could stream on their site  of the different entry loops for MGM studios.
  And they would use a lot of classic movie stuff.
  Not all Disney either.
  Like a lot of classic movie songs in this style mixed in.
  Sure, did they play that Alan Thicke puttin' on the Ritz?  Oh, if only.
  The masters of that weren't burned up in any fire,  were they?  Because we need to preserve that.
  They were and I did it.
  Oh no.
 Sorry.
  Had we done it.
  That's fine, I'm not actually that upset about it.
  She also know Hans Zimmer was,  I didn't know Hans Zimmer was associated with The Buggles  and appears in the video for Video Killed the Radio Star.
  Wow, really?  Yeah, the first music video.
  Little known trivia,  I don't know if anyone's ever said this trivia  that Video Killed the Radio Star  is the first music video ever played on MTV.
  But I do like that song and he's in the video.
  Hans Zimmer in the first video ever played.
  He wasn't in the band though.
  I mean, he may have not been an official bugle.
  He was bugle, he's like Billy Preston in The Beatles.
  Right, he was the fifth bugle.
  The fifth bugle.
  Hans Zimmer.
  It's a lot of discussion of who's the fifth beetle  but nobody pays attention to the fifth bugle a lot.
  Interesting.
  The fifth bugle is you, all the bugle heads out there.
  Thanks for the one hit.
  That's.
.
.
  Yeah, so Backdraft.
  What else about Backdraft?  As a kid, I didn't get to watch  R-rated movies as a child.
  I'm sure I've talked about it before.
  I was so scared, I don't even think I was like,  felt like I was missing anything until like the mid-90s  or whatever.
  But my friend Luke was like a big,  I feel like his family watched Backdraft a lot.
  I feel like he would talk about Backdraft.
  They would watch like all these,  everything that was on, like they'd watch Empty Nest  and he'd be like a six or seven year old  and talking about Empty Nest on TV.
  And I was like, I don't know,  I don't have any context for this at all.
  So like that was my only time I'd ever hear about Backdraft.
  He would talk about watching like the VHS  for the taped off of WGN Backdraft that his dad had.
  I'll say this, I do not,  especially as a kid, I did not like man versus nature movies.
  Cause like, what do you do?  You fight, heroes fight it.
  That's what happens.
  I think a lot of kids entertainment  in the late 80s, early 90s were like,  here's how you stop a bad guy with a gun,  like with a zapper or like the Ghostbusters proton pack  or swords, a lot of swords in kids entertainment.
  And as a kid, I think-  In some cases, that's true.
  Most of you stop a ghost.
  Sure, I think as a kid, I was like,  well, you can't stop with a gun or a sword.
  So what do you do if there's like a tidal wave?  Like what, how fast can you run or drive away from it?  Like-  You could try to fire into the,  you could try to shoot bullets at the fire  and see if that doesn't even-  Yeah, even as I got older,  I was like that summer of the meteor Armageddon  deep impact, I was like, I'm not seeing,  I don't wanna see these.
  Like, I don't-  Oh, so even back then, even at that point you were scared.
  Cause then I was all in on like these types of movies.
  I think I saw the TV cut of Dante's Peak  where they were like in the boat,  going across the lake that was melting like someone.
  And I was just like, this still sucks.
  Like I still hate this.
  Did you see Independence Day?  I saw that on VHS.
  You could see that was a clear enemy.
  That was a clear, that was aliens.
  Man versus aliens.
  But isn't Armageddon 98 or is it 97?  You know, I was real good at worrying at all ages, Michael.
  So Armageddon, really?  And that's very interesting to me.
  Cause at Armageddon, at that point I was still like,  it's PG-13 movie you'd go see with a couple friends  in the summer, like it was a big event.
  Do you have the same experience or no?  I didn't see Armageddon in a group, no.
  Oh, okay.
  I felt like there was a-  I missed out.
  That would have been a blast.
  I felt like that was a time,  like that was in the zone of like summer movies.
  I saw it on VHS when it came out.
  Okay.
  But you were too scared.
  You were freaked out by the army.
  I think I was kind of indifferent.
  I mean, I don't think I was like,  oh right, Ben Affleck and Bruce Will.
  Like I don't think I was a super fan  of either of them at the time.
  I mean, I don't think I was a super fan  of either of them either.
  I think I was just like-  You were chasing Amy Head at 12?  No, no, a few more years before I entered the view  of Scootiverse.
 I could appreciate it.
  Interesting.
  This is an interesting existential.
  You like if a problem can be solved in a solution.
  Though, I mean, if you view Deep Impact or Armageddon,  Armageddon, they do solve the ish.
  They do go plant bombs and blow it up.
  I guess that one a little better.
  It's just how do we live in a post-Asteroid world.
  Yeah, but like the rock is bad guys.
  He just killed the bad guys.
  Okay, then Jurassic Park.
  That's a tough one because they,  Jurassic Park, like the video game,  like the arcade games, I was like,  okay, let's shoot these dinosaurs.
  But the movies, they were like very not into killing  the dinosaurs because they were trying to protect them,  but also run away from them.
  But like did that freak you?  Because I didn't see-  That's man versus animal, not man versus nature though.
  Okay, I see the distinction.
  I feel like-  I didn't see that in the theater.
  I was I think too intense for me at that age.
  But then I saw it later on tape and I liked it,  but I was scared of it.
  But do you consider is Jurassic Park a man problem  or a nature problem?  It's a fine line because man created nature  that started acting like nature.
  So where does that fall in this issue umbrella?  Woman inherits the earth.
  Herets the earth.
  I did see Lost World opening weekend.
  I remember seeing that.
  Okay.
  It was like-  We saw it too and we goofed on it the whole time.
  That's one of the first-  I'm still enjoying it.
  One of the first memories I have of like,  just being like, we're funny,  and like we're better than this movie.
  Like we're cool.
  We were down the shore, we were in Jersey  and like rainy at the beach.
  You're like just so thankful a good movie is out.
  Sure.
  Because you want to be out here like-  You started staring in the distance when you said that.
  Everything, I mean maybe,  I'm sure it's better now with phones  and streaming media and stuff,  but like at the time it was like,  oh fuck it's raining out.
  We're not going to the beach.
  Most of the boardwalk shuts down.
  Nature.
  You can't shoot at the rain and make it go away.
  No.
  Or sword or throw or take a sword to it.
  You stand in the rain while you're waiting to buy  the ticket at the one movie theater on a boardwalk.
  So you wouldn't like,  you didn't like the movie Hard Rain.
  I don't think I've ever seen that.
  Okay.
  That's the movie from within Bowfinger?  Or that's Chummy Wings?  No, that's Hard Rain is a real-  No, I know.
  Christian Slater.
  Yeah, is that right?  I think so.
  Yeah, Randy Quaid, yeah.
  98, so right around the same time.
  Wow, Randy Quaid and Christian Slater.
  Were the stars of films.
  And Morgan Freeman.
  Freeman makes sense.
  Mini Driver, Ed Asner.
  Wow.
  What a-  That's our podcast, right?  Pick of the week.
  Pick of the week, Hard Rain.
  And Hard Rain 2 coming soon on Netflix.
  Coming soon.
  Everyone is back.
  It's all of them.
  They're all of you.
  If I could say my childhood feelings about the elements  and fire specifically, I was terrified of fire.
  I was terrified of this attraction.
  And I don't think wrong, Felisa.
  Sometimes we bring up things where it's like,  you were afraid of that as a kid.
  This thing was very scary to be in.
  And I think I did it pretty young.
  And hey, look what happened.
  They did have to set the sprinklers on people  and the thing caught on fire.
  So it was a, I felt like a scare.
  And it was very hot to be in there.
  But I was like, yeah, my biggest fear as a kid was  anything that mattered to me burning up.
  And I expressed my fears to my parents once  that what if the house burns down or catches on fire?  And they explained to me what would happen if that happened.
  Which is that they, when they moved into the house,  they had a priest bless the house.
  So therefore it could not catch on fire.
  This was told to me at eight or so years old.
  I mean, I guess it can't.
  You guys are acting as if that's not true.
  Did you not have super houses?  I guess it can't catch on fire lit by a demon.
  Like I think you're good on hell fire.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But I think like.
  That's what I was the most concerned about  was Satan himself.
  I think like a toaster oven with a fraying cord  might still be like an issue.
  My question is, did that actually happen?  That a priest came?  Yeah.
  I wouldn't be able to put it past him.
  Is it possible?  There's a lot of stuff getting blessed.
  And hey, you baptize a baby, why not baptize a house?  Interesting.
  And is that a thing a lot of Catholics do?  Yeah, I'm not sure.
  Yeah, were they telling me that?  But that's my question.
  Is it what's the, is it just like a little,  like a little fun, like not fun,  but like a little white lie to make the child feel better  and not feel like they're gonna die?  I'm just imagining one of your parents with a scratch pad  going like, okay, Bell Atlantic set up the phone.
  Time Warner was here, got the cable hooked up.
  Let's see, what day was Father O'Malley coming?  We need to have a covered dish.
  Well, first off, he's doing this pro bono.
  I guess he is a priest,  but we do need to have a covered dish ready for him.
  We haven't settled on how many Hail Marys  it would take to properly bless the house.
  Wow.
  But one thing of chicken a la king.
  So.
  I, you know, this is a question that I would ask them.
  Did you actually have a priest bless the house?  But that will lead to a line of questioning  where the question goes to,  why don't you go to church anymore?  Oh yeah.
  So I can't, I can't exactly go down that line.
  So I will just have to imagine it.
  Yeah, I mean, there'll be a nice way  for you to like trick them into answering it  without getting into your beliefs.
  That would be somehow, like, I don't know.
  Yes.
  Well, maybe I could send a letter as the government.
  Yeah, that's it.
  Just like, can you check, like, have you, yeah,  did you have you like, you know,  replace the roof recently?  Is there an asbestos issued?  Have you gotten the house blessed by a priest since 1994?  Because the laws, the Vatican laws changed.
  It has to be blessed again.
  It has to be renewed.
  Yeah.
  That is interesting.
  I'm very interested in that.
  I want to know the answer.
  I really do too.
  I'm very curious.
  And what else did that priest do?  Was he, was it, did he like?  Flood protection also, like gutter protection.
  Yeah, yeah, did he bless the house  to protect against rust?  What was the extent?  No leaves will back up this gutter for over 30 years.
  May you remain sludge free.
  May your pipes not make weird noises.
  You may still have a child  who goes into the entertainment field.
  So I can't do anything about that.
  Lord knows we've tried.
  I like the broke yes.
  It's father of all.
  Yeah, you're right.
  It's father of all.
  You existent with the name for brilliance.
  Oh, very good.
  Oh my God.
  Well, thank God our priest did not bless stage 30  or back draft could not have run its show.
  Sure.
  Yeah, I mean, I saw this probably in 2006  when I first went to Universal Hollywood.
  I was impressed.
  I mean, it is, it was impressive the effects.
  I would say very similar set up to the twister.
  Ride it out that we talked about  with Mount Rogers many episodes ago.
  I'm gonna call it rooms of peril.
  That's my genre I'm putting on it.
  Rooms of peril is a good way.
  Increasingly scarier things until the third room,  which is the most perilous of all.
  Yeah, they both have that floor drop.
  The floor drop always scared the crowd.
  It's really scary.
  It would scare me today, I think, if I did it.
  And if I've gotten the chance to do it in Osaka  where it remains, strangely.
  I'm hoping it's still there a year from now.
  It is, of course.
  Even though I'm not the biggest fan of this,  but I'd like to do it.
  It'd be such a time capsule.
  It seems like they went bigger in Japan  as they tend to with Theme Park A Track.
  You enter through a firehouse facade.
  Yeah, yeah, right.
  And the first soundstage is bigger.
  The second soundstage is like an alleyway  with a lighting show and a fire truck thing.
  Much better sets, yeah.
  The footage of the cast and crew is all in Japanese.
  Which is fun.
  That's amazing to me that it's footage of Scott Glenn  from 1991 dubbed over in Japan in 2019.
  Yeah.
 Really strange.
  Scott Glenn in his massive blazer.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  His giant jacket.
  I said was he putting himself on tape  to be in Night at the Roxbury?  Is he gunning to replace Katan in his own idea?  Scott Glenn is in a giant blazer  and then Kurt Russell shows up in a fireman's jacket,  which are large and it fits slimmer  than it's got Glenn's blazer.
  From Kurt's firefighter jacket.
  Was just that broad.
  Yeah, and he, yeah, there's this weird movie  where Scott Glenn talks at you  and then Kurt Russell shows up  and Scott like watches him pull up  but they're never in the same shot.
  Never.
  And then it feels to me like Kurt walks exactly to  and past where Scott Glenn was previously standing.
  Yeah, it doesn't.
  They really didn't figure out the geography of it  before they, I don't know who knows what was shot first  but it's a piece together.
  It's like Callen Hunt and Paxton in the pre-show.
  Yes.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I mean that one's like side by side  trying to fool you into thinking they were there.
  Wow, so that's an important component of Rooms of Peril  is the second one has to have disconnected actors.
  Yeah.
  Speaking as mellow as possible.
  Scott Glenn seems so depressed in that video.
  Yeah.
  I'm trying to think of a pre-show video  where somebody seems like maybe that's sad.
  Cause people, we've talked many a time about bored,  disinterested, bad public speaker, whatever  but this one's, he seems sad to me.
  He seems depressed.
  And it was also maybe because he was describing  getting hurt on the set of Backdraft  to prove to you that it was real.
  He got fucked up on the Backdraft.
  He got shot with that Ash-O-Matic.
  Yeah, they were shooting ash at everyone.
  He had what, he was the one who got lit on fire  and it burned through to the last layer  of No-Max Long underwear.
  It got too hot.
  I had to call cut.
  I had to call cut.
  That's horrifying.
  That story is being repeated in a theme park.
  Like it should not have gotten that close whatsoever.
  I mean, this is very much before CGI.
  So like a lot of fractal effects.
  I think that was the main, all practical effects.
  Some models, some very little models  but that's still practical I guess.
  Yeah, yeah, you're right.
  The possibility of somebody getting hurt.
  If then, if the story kept going and Scott Glenn said,  and I did lose a leg that day  and then he lifts his big thick pant leg  and just shows the metal leg underneath.
  Enjoy your day at Universal Studios Hollywood.
  You guys have fun  but know that people are really suffering out there.
  Including me, Scott Glenn.
  Oh, Kurt, good to see you.
  How's your legs?  Fine.
  I see.
  You didn't have to burn alive like I did, Scott Glenn.
  For some of us, we didn't want it to end.
  I wanted my pain to end immediately.
  Who says they didn't want it to end, Kurt Russell?  Scott Glenn says it as like a dig at Kurt Russell  getting out of a fire.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  Some of us, yeah, yeah.
  That was like he lost his mind in the part.
  He was implying that Kurt Russell was like Jim Carrey  in Number 23.
  He stayed in the role forever.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, of course, in the plot of the movie,  Scott Glenn's character is the both,  I'll say a term that I've heard a lot recently,  both the arsonist and the firefighter.
  Oh, is that right?  That is like the twist.
  He's one of the main firefighter guys.
  There's some crazy thing about Chicago mayoral politics  and an arsonist.
  They keep consulting an arsonist,  Donald Sutherland's character,  and they realize like, oh, these burns are so controlled,  only another fireman could do this.
  Oh, really?  So like Scott Glenn could have set the universal fire  for real and then put it out.
  It's, oh, gosh.
  Like, and that would have thrown off the scent.
  Interesting.
  So he's the bad guy in the movie  and having him do the intro.
  That's the twist.
  Spoiler alert for this super old movie.
  So the bad guy is introducing backdraft?  That's interesting.
  Well, he's the good guy for most of the movie  and then it's revealed like, I had to set these fires  because this guy who's running for mayor  was gonna cut the fire department budgets, which,  what politician has ran on, like,  we gotta slash these fire department budgets.
  I mean, it seems like something Trump would wanna do.
  Yes.
  I don't know.
  But yeah, so that's the whole thing.
  Chicago people don't run on it,  they just do it probably.
  They just, yeah, they do it secretly.
  It comes out five years later.
  A manual just stole it in the middle of the night or something.
  Just stole it.
  Big bag of money from a firehouse.
  Think it's like five jobs immediately.
  Mm-hmm.
  That's what he did.
  Yeah, so like he is the twist.
  He is like the bad, he's like, I did it.
  One of those, like, I did this for us.
  Right, right.
  Interesting.
  Firefighters died.
  So then, so at the end, in the scene that they show  in the, in room two, there's the exchange,  he's when he, in the scene where he really burned up,  he says, let me go, bull.
  Yes.
  You go, we go.
  That's him saying, I deserve to die.
  And he does.
  Oh, and then it's, oh, that's right.
  They spoil it all in the attraction.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Kurt Russell gets, he's like barely alive.
  They get, he dies in the ambulance.
  Oh, okay.
  But he tells, I think Billy Baldwin, he says like,  don't tell them it was him.
  Like, it'll just make it worse for the fire department.
  It's a two-face scenario.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yes, he has Harvey Dent.
  Or Jebediah Springfield.
  Or Jebediah Springfield, yeah.
  Donald Sutherland in that episode, too.
  Oh, yeah.
  You're children's children for two months.
  So he's, I was thinking like,  who else could they have gotten to do the opening?  Like, who could they have?  I mean, De Niro would have been the get.
  But he wouldn't have done that.
  He would have been just as depressed and sad in the video.
  Donald Sutherland might have played ball.
  Or Billy Baldwin.
  Where Billy Baldwin?  Yeah, that is surprising.
  Yeah, that seems like, especially back then,  folksy or, not maybe not folksy,  but more energetic.
  Slicker.
  Slicker, hey, this is,  they're gonna get to see this fun piece of movie magic.
  Yeah.
  Instead of like, we almost died and they hated it.
  Let's keep going.
  They hit me with a machine  and then I got to destroy the machine.
  Yeah.
  The crew let me blow it up.
  You know movies, you know,  when you work on a movie or TV show  and they let you destroy a massive expensive piece  of property at the end because you hated it.
  Yeah, that's a very common thing.
  How did they destroy the Ash-O-Matic?  With another Ash-O-Matic?  With more flames?  Yeah, I guess so.
  Yeah.
  Well, it's kinda,  I guess it's Scott Glenn getting to have  his office space moment.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  That's kinda nice.
  I was on the DVD extra maybe.
  Could we see, does anyone have the DVD for back draft?  Oh, Scott Blow.
  Edit it to that song, whatever the rap song.
  Oh yeah, he could've taken a bat  or an iron rod or something and beat it up, you know.
  We're driving a car into it.
  Yeah, I wanna see this.
  Scott Glenn beating up a piece of machinery.
  Yeah, why didn't they save that for it?  Instead of him actually coming close to death.
  Or even just put it in the entry,  like I got, and they let me destroy it.
  And then there's just a quick shot of him  railing with a baseball bat on this metal.
  You think you're better than me, Ash-O-Matic?  You try to kill me, well I kill you.
  You're going to hell now.
  I'm Scott fucking Glenn.
  I'm Scott fucking Glenn.
  All right, will somebody find that piece of footage  because I can't find it right now.
  Maybe it was unerrable in a theme park environment  because he peed on it.
  Yeah, he took his pants on the whole time  when he was with the baseball bat.
  Big plop shit onto the Ash-O-Matic.
  The blurring would have to be, it was too expensive.
  There's a locations guy who's like,  I can't go home until he's done.
  He better fucking finish beating up that machine.
  It's three in the morning.
  Pooping on it won't make it not work.
  Yeah.
  I do have to say, one of the things about this ride,  they show the footage of the different fire effects  from the movie and they're very impressive  that they're doing this live.
  They're also very varied.
  In a theme park ride, you need to run every 10 minutes.
  You kind of can't have flames that look like this  and flames that look like,  you need a reliable controlled burn, which is why most  of the flames in the attraction are natural gas.
  It's natural gas that is apparently mostly silent.
  A lot of the fire burn you hear in that last scene  of the ride is sound effects.
  Because natural gas burns quietly,  you really only hear the fire going on or off  with natural gas.
  In that one video I was watching before,  they were saying on occasion,  the sound effects wouldn't be working  and it would be very strange.
  Weird.
  Because that's so much of it in your head.
  Oh, well that obviously is coming from that sound.
  I mean, that's in theme parks everywhere.
  I have to remind myself, oh yeah,  that sound of cars racing in Radiator Springs  is not the cars.
  It's a weird, invisible thing.
  Because you never really hear about it.
  Because you never really hear about it.
  It gets tricked.
  Yeah.
  Sometimes the recording has reactions.
  Like multiple alien encounter walkthroughs I've watched,  I realize after a few years,  like, oh, that scream is on the soundtrack.
  That scream comes at the same time every time.
  That's not an audience member.
  Oh yeah, right, right.
  To try to make people freaked out  by hearing other people scream.
  Yeah.
  Oh sure.
  Yeah.
  And well, the end, the Muppet Vision 3D.
  He's up there.
  Oh yeah, he's up there.
  He's up there.
  Yeah.
  Uh huh.
  Good trick to get everybody.
  I wonder if there's like a really good one  that I don't know,  that I've always for years assumed is something that has.
  Like a machine is making the noise,  but it's really just a piece of soundtrack essentially.
  I'm sure there is.
  I just wonder.
  Well, the busts in the Haunted Mansion  aren't really alive.
  Okay.
  Why is that on tape?  Those aren't real ghosts.
  But I know Thurl's there.
  You're saying Thurl isn't.
  He is not, that actor is long past  and is not sitting there live performing the song.
  Okay.
  Every day.
  Disappointing.
  Yeah, sorry.
  First to tell you that he's not with us.
  I don't care for that either.
  He doesn't sit in that room all day.
  I'd prefer he lived to be as old as Prince thought  he would live to be as old as.
  Just Thurl and Prince living into infinity.
  I hope they've met in heaven.
  They for sure have met.
  What dreams may come.
  What dreams?  In a meadow somewhere.
  Everything's tying back.
  And the rain is purple.
  Yeah.
  And whatever Thurl liked is represented to.
  Yeah.
  His infinite frosted flakes.
  He was Tony the Tiger.
  He voiced Tony the Tiger.
  That's what that.
  I saw this ride, I think probably 2007 or eight  the first time, cause it wasn't in Florida.
  But fire did always just, real life fire scared me  whether it was at the Hollywood Disney's MGM studios.
  Catastrophe Canyon.
  Thank you.
  That got very hot.
  That would always freak me out.
  Yeah, and the heat.
  That would always feel new.
  I feel like touching my face, did it burn me?  Jaws in Florida was the scar, was the craziest.
  Yeah.
  So like anytime.
  So I do remember going on back draft in 2007 or eight  or walking through I should say,  and still feeling like a fire.
  Yeah it's intense.
  It's not a thing I don't think people wanted to do a ton.
  That's maybe the problem.
  Yeah, it's extremely impressive.
  But yeah, I wouldn't like, hey, I worked there.
  I could have gone on it every day if I wanted to.
  And I think I only did one time.
  It's also the furthest away attraction  from the gate of the park.
  Takes forever to get there.
  It's not fun.
  Back draft is not a fun experience.
  That's a thing to key into.
  Yes, it's extremely impressive.
  And everybody who put it together should be very proud.
  But it's not, yeah, it's like basically unpleasant.
  It's unpleasant.
  I think it's more unpleasant than the Twister  because Twister at least in the,  because both of them are just watching a scene play out.
  But like Twister has like a little more character maybe.
  There's a town.
  This is just a cold, impersonal warehouse.
  Chemical warehouse.
  There's like no, I don't know.
  There's no fun.
  There's no little gag in it.
  There's no fun.
  There's Mrs.
 O'Leary's cows nowhere to be seen.
  That would be something maybe of like,  oh, there's a little whimsy here.
  No, it's just fires and barrels and doors,  like and it's loud.
  Like it's impressive, but it is not.
  Only a fire in the center office  burns up everything in the room until it ran out of oxygen.
  Oh, it may look quiet now, but that is deception.
  It's deception for hiding inside our unburned natural gases  waiting for a breath of fresh air.
  And that's when they simulate the back draft  and the doors fling open.
  That kind of scares me, this dialogue.
  That is a scary dialogue.
  It is unnerving.
  It would be cool if it was like a dark ride  that was on fire.
  It would be scary, but at least like  you'd be kind of doing something.
  I think the mix of it being a passive,  kind of a passive experience,  there's nothing fun to hang onto.
  It's a little scary.
  So like would dummies have been good?  Or did dummies make it darker?  Because you're watching human shapes get lit on fire.
  There's not a lot of ways to make fire fun.
  I was thinking as far as fire goes,  maybe my favorite fire-based attraction  was at Santa's Village in my hometown,  a couple towns over.
  And the idea was that you were on this whole train  and at the end you were all in like little firefighting  trains or whatever you'd call it.
  I don't know, I guess cars, but there was like a long train.
  And you had little water guns in front of you.
  And the idea was that Santa's house was on fire  and you had to put Santa's house out.
  So the whole thing.
  That's amazing.
  Yeah, and it was a very, it was not a big,  it was not a giant house, it was a smallish house.
  Help me kids, I left the electric blanket on, please.
  We would go around here and the whole thing was like,  all right, we're getting to Santa's house,  everybody get on the water gun to put it out.
  So like I had to have like a water gun,  like you'd have at a carnival or whatever  to that sense of when you, like, I don't know,  those ones where they go up the,  you know, there's like eight people,  they all have water guns, you're trying to shoot  at the target and whoever gets up to the top first,  it's like a race.
  It was like similar to that.
  And then we would all shoot our water guns  at this tiny Santa's house to put out a fire.
  It was obviously a little controlled flame inside.
  But I loved it.
  Yes.
  I loved putting out Santa's house.
  If there was ever a motivation,  if you're worried about kids not understanding stakes,  you don't get presents this year unless you fix this.
  Yeah, and we did every time.
  It would always, we'd always, I never questioned  why it was always on fire.
  Santa always falling asleep with a cigarette in his mouth.
  You gotta make Mrs.
 Claus.
  I never learned.
  I think because I'm eternal that I can do this, but.
  And he was also nowhere to be found either.
  I guess like maybe he was out.
  He had an alibi.
  They explained, yeah, they explained Santa was out.
  So like, but his house is on fire and we had to fix it.
  Yeah, because you'd expect like elves and reindeer,  Mrs.
 Claus on the front lawn and like, oh my God,  we're, oh, our house, Jesus Christ.
  I had some workers working on the roof,  but they said they watched the tiles  for 40 minutes afterwards.
  Trying to rescue the photo albums.
  Look at this, it's the first elf I ever bought.
  That elf island.
  My master recordings.
  They're burning up.
  All my albums.
  Jingle bells.
  My blues records.
  Yeah, why did Santa have the muddy waters masters?  I was a collector.
  New plan from Universal Music Group.
  Give them all to Santa.
  Yeah.
  He seems to be good with inventory.
  There's so many presents and stuff getting made  and going around.
  Well, sure.
  But it's too cold up there, they're gonna crash.
  Oh no.
  It's cold, but too cold.
  But Santa is associated with religion,  so does he have a blessed house of some kind?  It's his magic of some kind.
  So perhaps.
  Did he bless it or did Santa's priest come to bless it?  Santa's priest, I probably did it.
  Whatever parish that Santa goes to in the North Pole.
  It's a snowman, a priest probably.
  Yeah, yeah, it's gotta be a snowman.
  Isn't it in Frosty the Snowman?  Doesn't he?  They pretend that he's Parson Brown.
  In this case, it is a snowman who is really a parson.
  Yep.
  Parson Brown is real.
  Frosty was impersonating him.
  Frosty was committing fraud.
  But also it made a lot of sense,  because how else would you impersonate a human man  if you were a snowman?  So he had to have been a snowman.
  Yeah.
  Because then it's easy to impersonate two snowmen.
  You could look like each other.
  But another being wouldn't,  because it's not the right shape.
  Yeah, you could be confusing.
  Although very few humans are bigger in their bottom third.
  Yeah, that's true.
  It's a very sick human being.
  You have a lot of health problems  if your legs are almost twice the size of your head.
  That's true.
  I'm saying yes.
  I'm saying Parson Brown was a snowman already.
  Yes, sure.
  That's all I'm saying.
  I'm just going through why a snowman couldn't  go around and trick a person.
  I 100% agree.
  It's a big thing in there.
  It would be impossible to trick, yeah.
  Please, Parson Brown, bless this house.
  It's made of gingerbread.
  It would burn almost instantly.
  Well, I saved the house regardless of the magic.
  You're a good boy who did a good job.
  Thank you.
  We both have Mike to thank.
  We might not have gotten presents  almost any Christmas growing up.
  Everyone, please use the hashtag thank you, Mike,  for our Christmases.
  I think Santa's Village has had a weird,  there's many different Santa's Villages.
  It has a weird history and I'm wondering if it's,  they reopened it a few times.
  I wonder if that is still there.
  That's worth looking into.
  Yeah, that might be, we might have to each pick  a different Santa's Village in the country.
  I mean, I had the one in San Bernardino  that was recently reopened in some regard.
  I haven't been there.
  I believe it was at Extreme Sports Park.
  Oh, that's nice.
  But also Santa's house is still there.
  He's still around sometimes.
  I hope so.
  But you can go zip lining.
  So somebody, so Parson Brown, the snowman,  now needs to go bless it to make sure  a snowboarder doesn't wreck it.
  Doesn't go crashing through the walls.
  I'm looking, there was a Santa's Village,  the one I was talking about,  rebranded as an Azuzman Park for a little while,  which I'm not sure if they are still an Azuzman Park.
  Ooh, to that word.
  That's torturous.
  Yeah.
  Oh, oh, oh, oh, here we go.
  Tragedy at the Azuzman Park today.
  Become a firefighter for a day  and join the Santa's Village Fire Department.
  Once you hear the sirens and see the lights,  hop onto the Santa's Village Fire Department  engine number three and use your hose  with real working water to put out the fire.
  Still there?  So it's still there.
  Oh, you gotta go.
  Yeah.
  Is it, wait, I'm sorry, are you on a vehicle  or are you an adult?  Would you fit on whatever?  It's, here it is, hold on, let me, there it is.
  Okay.
  It's a little wagon.
  It's a little more of a hose than,  like it's sort of the hose end of what I was describing  as the carnival game.
  Oh, I see.
  Oh, so you could be part of it.
  Yeah.
  You'd have to push a kid out of the way.
  Yeah, the adults seem like they're maybe taking  the back seat without the hoses, but you know,  maybe one for old times sake.
  You gotta see if you still got it in ya.
  It's been years since you've been in the game,  much like the firefighters in Backdraft 2.
  That's true.
  Oh.
  Suit up again, we're going back.
  Billy Baldwin seems like in Backdraft 2 in the trailer,  he's like sitting down a lot more,  delivering lines from the fire truck front seat a lot more.
  So he's not, as opposed to Backdraft 1,  going to run across an actual burning roof  while it splits down the middle behind him.
  His speed in Backdraft 2 is a little more sitting a chair.
  Yeah.
  I see.
  I got an idea for a scene.
  What about petting a Dalmatian for 17 minutes straight?  Yeah, he's definitely more of a chief character now  in this one or something.
  That's less fun though.
  But I get it, he could shout out in three days.
  But yes, but again, again, maybe we would watch Backdraft 2  and decide that it is more fun.
  Yeah.
  It's up to us to do now.
  Some technical innovation in the Backdraft attraction.
  This was the first appearance of Brainfire.
  Did you guys call Macaroth Brainfire?  I saw that word, but what is it?  So developed by Technifex, which is in California,  right by Magic Mountain, their headquarters.
  It's where you pump natural gas onto a stone or metal ceiling  and light it on fire.
  So it looks like a whole ceiling's on fire.
  So I think in the attraction, you  could see that right by the doors that fly open  at the beginning of the attraction.
  There's kind of a small ceiling there.
  You can kind of see on fire.
  Because the fires don't get that close to you.
  So the ceiling above you is not on fire.
  No.
  You start to feel like it is with the rafters falling.
  But I see.
  So maybe the more intense effects are further back.
  There's some trickery in that regard.
  Yeah.
  Technifex, also responsible for some stuff  in the Borg Invasion 4D and Star Trek,  the experience we talked about lately.
  Some mechanical effects in the Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular.
  Some cool effects at the Six Flags Power Plant,  the short-lived attraction in Baltimore.
  Oh, boy.
  Oh, we've got to get to that one day.
  And then two big ones, the water tunnel in Poseidon's Fury  at Islands of Adventure.
  Oh, it shoots water.
  The water that goes 360 around you.
  And then, Mike, you'll like this.
  They made the tiny hologram at Dick Van Dyke  that shows up in the Walt Disney Family Museum  and explains how Disney's first optical printer works.
  Tiny Dick Van Dyke appears at different parts of the machine  and says, and this does this, and this does this.
  Is a little Dick Van Dyke trapped in a printer?  Yeah.
  Is it like Madame Leota at the end of the Haunted Mansion?  He does kind of look about that size.
  Wow.
  That's fun.
  And at the end, he's ultimately seeking a mate.
  Marry me.
  Join me in this printer forever.
  So yeah, a very theme park tied in company.
  Wow.
  Yeah, really.
  Very good work.
  And it's done lots of other fire effects stuff out there.
  For casinos, too.
  They do a lot of fire stuff casinos.
  You mean like decorative fire?  Like your mirage type situation.
  Yeah, I guess there's some fire casinos and stuff.
  Yeah, what else have we missed?  The sound stage where it was at was the sound stage  where they shot the Munsters, which I like.
  Yeah.
  And then it was backdraft.
  So it was a real sound stage.
  They actually did convert it.
  Now it's gone.
  Now it's blown up.
  And Transformers is there.
  And probably the line is where the line was  isn't around where you now enter for hopefully soon  for Super Mario World or whatever they  are calling it ultimately.
  Super Nintendo Land, I believe.
  Super Nintendo Land.
  OK, OK.
  I believe that's the word.
  At the moment, it's where the line stretches to  for the tiki drinks at Ila Nubar.
  Soft open now.
  Oh, yes.
  Ila Nubar.
  The ride's not ready, but the bar is open.
  Oh, really?  Huh.
  Yeah.
  They open everything.
  That might be all that I'm doing.
  Oh, yeah.
  Depending on what the word of fear is.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  The fear factor is on the ride.
  Something's going on over there.
  They've got the people from Iron Mountain  on top of the ride.
  Don't worry about it.
  Whether it's from the preservation side  or the shredding, industrial shredding side, I'm not sure.
  This will be a quick side note.
  I do think that opening it this week, which  was the rumored day around when they were opening the ride,  for weeks I think I've seen like, oh, June 15th  is when the ride's going to open.
  And everything opening without the ride to me is like,  that's a delay.
  You would think a theme park that is opening a water ride,  you want it open before July 4th, right?  You're going to get those July 4th crowds.
  It's probably going to be hot.
  Uh-huh.
  I'm just saying, to me, it's like,  there's no way they planned for just the bar to be open.
  Yeah.
  And they were probably like, well,  open it all around here, then there's something going on.
  Which there's plenty of rumors.
  You could look for an hour and 17 into the back.
  You can look these up on your own on all those message boards  we talk about.
  Yeah, but there's no way this deep into the Galaxy's Edge  Did they not have their competition ready?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  At a certain point, they were, yeah.
  Well, they got Hagrid's open.
  Kind of.
  Kind of.
  Hagrid's open.
  Kind of open.
  Yeah, it's only in the afternoon, though.
  That's what's happening.
  It opens late.
  It opens late.
  It's opening at noon for a few weeks.
  Stay at our on-site hotels.
  Get an hour early admittance.
  But Hagrid's is, you've got to come back at noon.
  Come back at noon.
  We've been at Today's Show Cafe for a while.
  Come and look at Today's Show Cafe.
  Take the Hogwarts Express.
  Yeah, so there's a lot of others.
  Yeah.
  Everyone's doing their best.
  We're laughing at their pain.
  They try.
  They want to do a nice thing for everyone.
  We're like, ha ha ha, it's not open in the morning.
  We think that's funny.
  It's one of our dicks.
  I like to criticize the big picture, the rush that  creates things to be shortchanged or cheapened out on  or things to be open when they aren't ready.
  Right.
  That's what you've got to be mad at is those up top  decisions, not the people working very hard on everything.
  And everyone loves this Hagrid's ride.
  Everyone is raving about it.
  So I'm excited to figure out what it's all about.
  I have a different definition for theme park.
  A tireless cast and crew working under demanding  conditions to realistically portray imaginative scenarios.
  You there have just quoted, that's the only thing I have  left that we haven't talked about is the Ron Howard  video.
  You know what I was thinking about this?  So you the the premises.
  OK, so in room one of the rooms of peril, you are where  you watch kind of a sizzle reel of scenes from backdraft  and they tell you that Ron Howard is working on his  latest project and his latest project, I guess, is still  backdraft, which came out a year and a half ago.
  Yes, forever backdraft.
  It made me think we just talked about Mickey's  Philhar Magic, where I think we determined that all the  Disney characters are in an infinite loop, living their  most memorable moment.
  And that's what's happening with Ron Howard.
  Ron Howard is always in the edit bay alone, personally,  physically slicing the film of backdraft, tinkering, never  quite getting it right.
  Like Lucas and the original Star Wars.
  Yeah, he's going.
  Maybe he's in the process of adding tauntauns and stuff  into it.
  And they never updated this either.
  Like there's three different versions of Spielberg on the  ET intro video.
  It's always just him doing it, too.
  So there was never one where he was like, you get into that  room and you help out or anything.
  Like it was.
  Yeah.
  So he was just stuck there up until 10 years ago editing.
  And then they put him out of his misery.
  Also, those sounds that first room, that second room are  almost identical.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Just and they're just it's just barely barely dressed  sound stages.
  I mean, again, Japan has this cool alleyway and there's a  light show and a fire truck.
  And they painted the barrels in their version of the final  room where everything's lit on fire.
  It's multicolored barrels as opposed to here in Los Angeles,  where it was all beige backdraft, potentially the  beigest attraction.
  Very beige, but had some cool trash cans that had flames on  them outside the entrance.
  They think they're garbage cans.
  Cool trash cans outside.
  Can you do you have a picture on hand?  I didn't see it.
  I had a picture.
  I gotta see these cool trash cans.
  Take a look at these.
  Galaxy said it's cool trash cans, but can they dethrone?  And that's an eventual final for best trash cans.
  Maybe push wins the one that talked.
  Yeah, of course.
  Yeah.
  Well, we determined it already.
  Congratulations.
  Push.
  One of my favorite things is, and I think it is mostly universal,  but I'm forgetting everything today.
  This twister and the tram tour in the subway, there's a funny  thing that like a big inanimate object like in this one,  it's the it's like the what do you call it?  The support thing falling and swinging.
  What do you call that?  Like a walkway?  Yeah, like a catwalk.
  Thank you.
  Geez.
  A catwalk falling and swinging.
  And then it's in the subway.
  It's like the ceiling falling and then like moving.
  There's a funny robot motion that these things make that I really enjoy.
  It doesn't look quite natural because it's obviously it has to be reset every time.
  Every time the show starts again.
  But I don't for whatever reason, it really makes me laugh when something like big  that's supposed to be, oh my God, it's wildly out of control.
  And it like slowly moves to its final move.
  So like the catwalk.
  Oh, no, here it comes.
  Oh, it's coming at two miles an hour.
  And then it comes to a nice stop.
  And it's the same thing in the subway and it's the same thing in Twister.
  I think it's kind of relaxing.
  Yes, I think that is actually perfectly described.
  It's cute because it's most it's supposed to scare the shit out of you.
  Yeah.
  And it doesn't quite do it because they can't really throw a catwalk at you.
  Yeah.
  So if I if a like street that you're under collapsed,  the gasoline truck up above would not just kind of slowly like,  you know, like a kid on a sled just kind of like slope down that hill.
  Oh, yeah, here it comes.
  Oh, it stopped.
  Everything's fine.
  Give me a start for a second.
  Yeah, the water when the water like floods in, that's still kind of  almost seems like the scariest part of it to me on the subway specifically.
  Yeah.
  Subway.
  I keep calling it subway.
  Subway exclamation point.
  I barely made any sense for the last three minutes.
  That also is a weird coincidence.
  A wooden catwalk collapses in a weird way like three times in the other side of the wind.
  I have not I think what I think.
  Yeah, it's very weird that this just happened to come up.
  But like is like an opening shot of the movie and then a closing shot of the movie  is a catwalk that collapsed awkwardly.
  Now, in that case is probably we have one shot to do this.
  We have no money.
  We have to use whatever it is, but it falls in a really odd way.
  So the magic of the movies, folks.
  Yeah, that is what that is.
  Collapsing catwalks, everyone's favorite part about a film.
  But yeah, like, I mean, what's or do you have something else?  I don't know.
  I really am sort of tapped out.
  Plus up, obviously, like if you get to put the fire out,  like Santa's house, that would be great.
  That's it.
  Yes.
  Wait a minute.
  Just like we all had like maybe little like Ghostbuster packs full of water.
  That's great.
  And they give you a little plastic hats.
  You stop the fire.
  Right.
  And you walk in there and it's already kind of on fire and it gets worse.
  But like you keep trying, keep trying.
  And yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And Scott Glenn is encouraging you along.
  Right.
  Keep going.
  Yeah, you're almost there.
  Don't let what happened to me happen to you.
  Keep your legs on burnt, kids.
  I found the trash can.
  Oh, pretty cool.
  Looks like Guy Fieri's shirt.
  Yeah, it really does.
  That kind of flame.
  It is a little bawdy, but I like it.
  I enjoy it.
  I'm not going to see a flame that cool unless I go to the Bob's Big Boy Burbank  and look on the hoods of some cars.
  Or Bob Bob Maloo Bob.
  Or go to Tim Allen's garage in Burbank or Jay Leno's garage in Burbank.
  I was just learning about Tim Allen's garage via some like CBS.
  I watched the same Tim Allen piece, I think that you did.
  Yeah, where we've discovered that he has tool time recreated in the garage.
  He has the full tool time set somewhere mere minutes from here.
  It has to be potentially adjacent to Leno's.
  Yeah, probably next door.
  The billionaire car district.
  We live very near it and I don't know where it's got to be near the Burbank airport.
  Yeah, does Seinfeld have a car garage out here too?  I feel like he might.
  I think most of them are in New York.
  Like how James Bond can get a car in any city in the world.
  I think he does.
  And he also keeps bees in there.
  There's a bee.
  He recreated a scene from Bee Movie in there like Tim Allen recreated tool time.
  An interesting fact about you guys, you both saw the same segment because you like to watch  the Sunday morning news shows.
  If we record on Sundays, we have to be wrapped up before 60 minutes because you both go to  your separate homes and watch that.
  Sunday is CBS Day.
  But also we're big Tim Allen guys.
  We'll watch whatever he is.
  Any piece about Tim we got to see.
  I specifically hate the Toy Story films but I see them because it's Tim.
  I got to support Tim.
  More of this toy shit.
  Hold your sides, fellas.
  Well, I got one thing right.
  He is a funny man.
  Have we missed anything?  Scott Glenn and Rush Bray.
  I wish.
  Here's the thing.
  Like this is a pretty minor plus up and they don't really make these kinds of rides anymore.
  But like the same thing with like this.
  This, less twister.
  This and like earthquake in Florida and then disaster.
  You have to go, you cannot just jump right to the attraction part of it.
  You have to go through so many pre-show rooms.
  Yeah.
  And they are really holdovers of like here's how the movies get made.
  And now it's more like you are in the movie.
  You are in the action.
  Let's get right to it.
  Maybe one or two quick pre-show rooms.
  But like.
  Well, you say this but these attractions are all no more.
  Yeah, they don't really make these.
  Yeah, I guess in Japan, but I don't know.
  But they have cool sets so that offsets it.
  Which is interesting because this like Jim Hill was talking about,  like just talked about how they almost made a Godzilla attraction when they were going to build  Disney MGM Studios Japan.
  And then part of the verdict that Second Park morphed into Disney Sea because.
  Thank Christ.
  They seemed more like the Japanese audience was more interested in.
  Rides.
  Living stories than finding out how they are made.
  But Backdraft is just finding out how it's made.
  So.
  Yeah, I'm glad.
  Universal Japan, I guess, is a window into the never built.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, what the dull Disney second Kate would have been.
  What about like the Star Trek?  We talked about on the Patreon, the Star Trek where you would dress up like Starfleet officers  and then you would take a video home.
  What about an attraction like that where you had firefighter suits on and then you  got a video of yourself in the middle of the fire?  That would be better.
  That would be something.
  And then it kind of they like edit it together with a flaming dummy and it makes it look like.
  You died.
  Like Scott Glenn.
  Uh huh.
  Yeah.
  There's an in memoriam for you.
  And there's a 15 minute intro of Scott Glenn and Kurt Russell and Ron Howard talking about  how much they respect the firefighter.
  Like they, I feel like not like two lines go by every between all of the,  before they get another line out about like we respect the men and women that fight these  fires.
  And like he say it so much.
  What they think they are playing into, at least like it does seem to me like the,  probably a back draft lives on now is that it is like the main firefighter movie still,  possibly because once one was made, nobody wanted to make one again.
  They said, well, I kept coming across the phrase like this is the second or third most  popular firefighter movie.
  And I'm like, what are the others?  Firehouse dog.
  Oh no.
  You know what it was in terms of box office receipts?  The first one was technically I now pronounce you Chuck and Larry.
  It was a joke.
  It was a joke in a video.
  A movie which contains the slur that starts with F and it's a scene where they,  there are scenes where they tell you or Sandler mumbles like,  that's not a good word.
  Don't use that word.
  But there were scenes earlier in the movie where they use that word and I got a laugh.
  I was at the premiere at Universal.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And I at the amphitheater and they, yes, that word was used in lines,  that were joke lines and succeeded before towards the end of the movie.
  He mumbles about it's not good.
  Don't you don't like put it in a screenplay.
  I was going to suggest before you told me that because I've never seen that movie that  they could have changed this to a Chuck and Larry.
  But now that I hear that, I guess that would be a problem.
  So then at the end you get like, you go to a photo booth, like you were at Chuck and Larry's  wedding, their wedding to where they right.
  Humiliate themselves pretending to be gay to get insurance money.
  This is a bad film.
  I'm so happy that Sandler is in like a good run because I think that was the,  those were the darkest days.
  That was a rough date.
  What 2008, right?  Around the same time, the universal, all the world's music catches on fire and Sandler  makes his worst film.
  But now he's back on top with murder mystery.
  Maybe I don't know.
  I've liked all the stuff so much.
  Like maybe I'll like it.
  Maybe I like murder mystery.
  I don't know.
  Who knows?  People seem to like the stand-up.
  I haven't really seen.
  I saw Cletson, the stand-up special.
  That was all right.
  It's very good.
  Recorded some of it at dynasty typewriter.
  Right where we forward our show.
  Yes.
  Part of the lore.
  It's where Sandler and Mike and Jason and I go work stuff out.
  I can't, I won't tell you in what order.
  We might be messing around with him there, but.
  I haven't seen the full special either though, but does a certain gangster show up  at the Adam Sandler special as well?  No?  Okay.
  He knows what's good for him.
  He puts it in there.
  Yeah.
  Well, what have we.
  I'm out of things to talk about.
  Yeah, I know.
  With this one actually, it was a little bit tidy.
  The only thing I have to say is I really like that Ron Howard intro and it made me that and  the early Spielberg intros and ET just feet away from each other.
  Universal made me think that all directors have to wear caps.
  I thought I really thought as a kid.
  I thought three things as a kid.
  Directors all wear caps.
  Scott Glenn and Billy Ballard, one of the biggest movie stars in the world.
  I didn't know who they were watching back draft, but I was like, but my mom probably knows and  she probably, they're probably, once I'm an adult, I'll learn.
  They're the best.
  ET also starts with Spielberg talking about how much he respects ET and Botanicus.
  I respect the work of the interstellar plant fixers.
  I respect the work of the healing touchers.
  Yeah.
  Of course I respect firefighters and everything they do.
  I'm just being silly because they say it so many times.
  No, no, no, absolutely.
  And the, well, and the, and the third thing that I have all of these that I believed as a child  related to back draft was that my house was, was safe.
  I really, that's what's looming large in my mind after we were, after we're finished here.
  Hey, it's never burnt down.
  Yeah.
  I can't argue with those stats.
  I can't argue with that, but I, that's what I guess.
  Yeah.
  Just find out somehow.
  I'll try to figure out a way.
  I think the government letter is the way.
  I think I know if we could see, if we could get Bugsy Bones to that house and if he  can not step foot onto the property.
  I'm from hell.
  I can't even make it in.
  Yes, cannot like.
  But he can, but he's Hugsy now.
  So he never could.
  We lost Bugsy.
  He's gone forever.
  Bugsy is gone forever.
  We are, we are with Hugsy who I thought was really cool.
  He's a pretty awesome, really nice guy.
  Yeah.
  Good guys have white hats.
  He was, yes.
  If he weren't, if you were just listening and you didn't see it, he was dressed in all white  as opposed to all black.
  He's good now and I can't wait to see him again.
  I hope he shows up next episode and he just might.
  But anything's possible.
  Yeah.
  You'll be hearing a lot of Hugsy every episode from now on.
  But until then, you survived podcasts ride back drafts edition.
  Hey, more stuff over on patreon.
com slash podcast.
  The ride, we got the T public, we got the Twitter, we got the Instagram,  tons of ways to participate.
  I bet on one of those things we can show that cool trash can.
  All right.
  Got that to look forward to.
  If that was our, that we considered that bonus content.
  You pay $5 a month and you get to see this flame trash can.
  Flame trash can.
  We're hiding that photo behind the paywall.
  That's where we're going to put all the extra Chukos stuff.
  Hope everyone's enjoying waiting at the Chukos.
  I'd like to put him in one blessed house.
  I want to thank everyone for all the Chukos content in the last few days  on all the various platforms.
  And I just want to say keep it coming.
  No.
  Because I'm thinking about him a lot.
  He's Chukos.
  He's the happiest clown in town.
  He's the happiest clown in town.
  And just in case you didn't know, his face was a menu at the Disneyland Hotel.
  And a mask.
  And also the menu was a mask.
  So just I want you all to think about that as you're going about your day.
  You're going to bed.
  Think about it all night.
  And when you wake up and the whole rest of the day, my menu face.
  Thanks for listening everybody.
  And if you ever hear a fire engine, get out of the way.
  They're not going to the movies.
  Yep.
  All right.
  Forever Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Bowen,  Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  Engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
