 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the second gate.
  We're here today to answer all of your Star Wars galaxies  questions.
  We have a poll on Twitter.
  I don't know.
  I, I, the bubbles, the LaCroix is still going.
  I have a sigh will kick it off.
  And then, uh,  I almost had it.
  There was a little, there was a little hiccup.
  And I was like, all right, he's going to pull this off.
  And then there was like a,  And then I ate it.
  He was like starting to wobble.
  And then, uh, then off the rails we went.
  So great.
  Uh, that was a lot of fun.
  Yeah.
 No, we were like, you know,  I thought maybe we'll text some listener questions on at the  end of our galaxy's edge episode,  but we had so much to do.
  Figured like, hey, let's move it over here.
  Because there was like, we threw it out immediately.
  Great questions.
  A ton of them on Twitter.
  So, uh, we haven't really looked at them.
  Let's, let's respond live in the moment.
  Let's be here.
  Yeah.
  So I'm going through here and we'll just get right to it.
  Yeah.
  So somebody just said, was it worth it?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  It was worth it.
  Uh-huh.
  Because there was a lot of extra hassle and I, um, I mean,  as I sort of said the, uh, um, I, I feel like I,  that's a special experience we will always have is that first  morning, the applause on the way in and being part of that first group.
  But that by the way, that we were, we, as we were recording,  we were all kind of waiting around the submarine area and then we were all led  en masse through the entire park.
 Uh,  a parade of excited first morning, crazy people.
  There was so much joy.
  This was the opposite of a mob trampling, uh, uh,  into like piss and vinegar.
  We, everybody was so excited and so happy and there's a detail we absolutely  forgot and I'm glad I remembered it.
 As we're doing that en masse March,  we passed by, we saw like the Dumbo elephants turn on,  like lift up.
  Oh yes.
 I know what you're going to say.
  And then we passed by Storybook land.
  We passed by Monstro and there was a boat that had like one of the Storybook  land canal boats had been charted out and a man was holding what looked like a  giant, uh, Q-tip,  like a big old swab and he was cleaning between Monstro's teeth.
  He was brushing Monstro's teeth.
  What are those large extendable duster, uh, staff?  And I think I yelled something in him too.
 I was,  I said on the other episode, I was in a yelling mood.
 I think I yelled like,  yeah,  well we got people to cheer.
  That's something that happens and you yelled and we all,  and then there was an en masse round of applause for the man brushing his teeth.
  Brushing Monstro's teeth.
 What a delight.
 What a thing.
  You never would have seen except that it's pre 8 a.
m.
 Now we,  now we know.
  In a boat brushing a whale's teeth is so fantastic.
  And it is, yes, I totally forgot about it until just now.
  It is truly a wonderful memory.
  Nothing to do with Star Wars and yet part of the experience.
 What a blast.
  So was it worth it? Oh yeah.
 We saw Monstro's teeth getting brushed.
  That's true.
  I'll throw out Neil Olstad's question.
 How impressive are the fake rucks?  Are they Final Four material? It could be, it takes forever to relitigate,  but I think we might, maybe we were too hasty, kicking them out,  but Final Four, that was tough because I got to Disney Sea and was like,  we fucked up.
  Well we didn't see this.
 We didn't see it in person.
 We just saw it from a distance.
  I still, we walked through the other entrance of ornament Valley on Friday and I  was like, this is still the best.
 Aaron did the exact same thing.
  We still feel good about our decision.
 But yeah, could these muscle into the fake,  the, the, the Figrock Final Four? Yes, but they're really good.
 Yeah.
  The rocks themselves are no small part of the land.
  I mean all the architecture is amazing, but the rocks are great.
 Yeah.
  And I said on the other episode too, like the next time I'm in,  I will really notice like,  I'm going to try my best to see the best way, the best sight lines,  the best places and the best views to really enjoy the rocks,  the fake rocks and the buildings.
 Also, I guess somewhat the buildings,  mostly the fake rocks.
 So yeah, I think they, I think they're in it.
  There's a good chance they'll be in the hunt if we ever do it again,  if we ever feel like we're up to that mental task of,  of naming what the best thing we need, like one more competitor,  like something else new has to be a more, we do it every year.
  We don't change the topic.
  Fake rock final four is an every year event.
  And it's a whole nother set of fake rocks.
  We tried to find a whole nother set.
  Depends on how the season went, you know? Depends on who brought their egg in.
  You know, weirdly Mount May Day Typhoon Lagoon, I think,  I think this is their year.
 Like 2019 they didn't have it, but 2020,  there's just something about them.
 Or worst fake rocks.
 I mean, yes,  that would be, yeah.
 Well, these would certainly not qualify as the worst.
  I've got one here from Robert Miller.
  Did you find it hard to discuss anything with the cast members? For instance,  bathrooms are refreshers.
 Hello is bright suns.
  People were doing the Batu lingo, but they,  I feel like they were being pretty chill about it.
 Like when I asked for the bat,  they're like the bathrooms we call the refreshers around the court.
 Like they,  it's not like they're not trying to inconvenience you.
  No, no, no, I don't think so.
 Though I got, I got fucked for like 15 bucks.
  Cause I didn't know whatever the annual pass lingo was.
 Sure.
 Learn that one.
  Don't let it happen to you.
 You know what I liked in general was when the crazy  rush Falcon line formed, which hopefully won't be every day.
  I think that's going to get smaller and smaller,  but people wanted to be the first and it was confusing.
 Wait,  was that the Cantina line? Is that the Falcon line? It was,  it was tough to tell.
 And I liked people,  I liked somebody walking up and down the line saying,  so were you all here to help Honda with a mission? It was not,  this is the Falcon line.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 All in keeping.
  But I don't think they have to stay in character as much as the people at  wizarding worlds, like Martin really supposed to break the reality.
  Okay.
 Cause Disney still has their whole, you know, customer tears,  how you do customer friendly customer service sort of angle.
 Yeah.
  So they'll drop it if they think it, you like, you're really confused,  but it's pretty easy.
  Someone that wants to know where they can get a hat like yours, Jason.
 Sure.
  That hat is just a Disney world hat.
  And I bought it a few years ago at the store at the imagination pavilion.
  But I think, I think they have a Disneyland version with the,  the Disneyland D that's the,  and the one I have is the Disney world logo.
 So I do, they still make it.
  I am not sure, but yeah, it wasn't super hard to find.
 Oh, this is a dirty,  not dirty.
 This is a blue question and it might be literally a blue question.
  Body question.
 What color does the blue milk make your stool?  Jason, anything, anything weird?  I can't speak.
 I noticed, I can't say I noticed a difference in color,  just that I noticed it was immediate.
  Oh, very cool detail we didn't get on the other episode.
 No,  you did like multiple times that I had to go to the bathroom.
  But you meant, Oh, no, no, no, no, I just had to, Oh, he very quickly.
  That's exactly what that sounded like.
 Yes.
  I'm sorry.
 Yeah.
 Do you not know what stool is? No, I know what stool is.
  I don't know.
 I didn't notice.
 I didn't know what stool.
  I was just eating a lot of, uh, you know,  theme park garbage for a day and a half.
 So I don't,  I don't think the blue milk affected in that way, but, uh, I mean,  we were up at four 30 in the morning and I had been pounding ice water and coffee  to begin with.
 So I was kind of at a disadvantage to start.
 Sure.
 Sure.
  So the blue milk did not immediately go through digestive track.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It did.
  Again, weird that there's a bar where the bathrooms are not in play.
  I agree.
 Um, but hopefully like that.
  Hopefully they'll have some sort of return tickets.
 Yeah.
 They need to do that.
  I was going to say, I don't know if I've ever said on the show,  and this is again, another gross thing.
 I once had a like black, uh,  Slurpee from burger King like 10 years ago and it turned my shit neon blue.
  Nice.
 I was shocked.
 I was black Slurpee.
  Why did I have it? Yeah.
 Or why would, what was, why do they have a black one?  I think it was Halloween.
 Uh huh.
 But they have black ice cream now and stuff,  but I don't think it turns your shit like neon blue.
 Um, but anyway,  so it can happen.
 So I, it's a valid question.
 I appreciate the question.
 Um,  but it sounds like they have figured out a way to keep your shit a normal color.
  All right.
 Kudos to Disney.
 Uh, let's see here.
  Uh, favorite element of the land.
 It's not food merchandise or smugglers run.
  That's from Amanda wood.
 Um, hmm.
 That narrow, that narrows it down.
  And that's a good question.
 I mean, we talked about, we talked about sounds,  you know, what's the thing I'd like to shout out? Um,  I heard about this detail in some preview events and I was like, what,  who cares? And as soon as I saw it, I thought it was so neat.
  The are two tracks in the, oh yeah.
 Like super cool.
  This whole thing, um, like blew my cynicism away into there.
  There was like a number of things like that.
 I was like, I guess,  that's what you're touting.
 And then you see it and it's so great.
 It's,  it's part of the magic and all those little sensory things really add up.
  There's a little docking, like a truck, like, uh,  there's like a docking Bay and like somebody pointed out that there's like  marks on the wall where like the truck would have backed in and made like  scratch scratches and stuff on it.
 Oh, you know what? Uh,  blaster hole right next to Rex's performance area.
  Like somebody shot, I, how dare you try to shoot at my boy,  but somebody, some bastard tried and hopefully he was removed.
  I'd also like to shout out the frog.
  I think the frog is going to be up there in terms of a Disney theme park lore.
  Soon enough, there is a frog in a jar who, uh,  craps eggs into drinks into the wine, into the wine, frog egg juice,  frog egg juice component in the wine.
 Very strange.
 Um,  yeah, not a, not a varietal I was aware of previously, but,  do I detect hints of frog juice? Uh, but I,  and I did and they're great.
 Um, I'm looking through here.
  Is there any protection for the beer flights that after you purchase it,  we didn't purchase it.
 So we don't know.
 Um,  I mean I've purchased mugs at Sam's before and usually they give you a one in a  box that's kind of wrapped up.
 You don't,  you don't take the one you drank out of.
 They give you a clean one.
  So I'm assuming they have something in place.
 Yeah, hopefully.
  I guess we shouldn't have answered that.
 We didn't know the answer.
 Uh,  is a four hour window enough time in the land? Yeah, we got to ask that a lot.
  No, no, but it's like a substantial amount of time.
  As long as you have your priorities, I think.
  This clearly is a thing to chip off in chunks.
  This is a repeat visit requiring experience,  uh, which we were also asked, did you do the Disney play app stuff?  And we kind of said in the other episode, not really.
  That's a big reason to go back and that's going to make it different every time.
  Um,  I Falcon takes a lot of people per hour,  so I wouldn't worry about squeezing that in.
  I think the decision to make is Cantina or lightsaber building.
  Droid Depot we walked right in.
  We got to just start at building droids immediately.
 Yeah, yes.
  Um, I would say, um,  use the mobile ordering for the food places was working very well.
  Yeah, that seems to, that seems to be necessary to like, it is,  it is every minute counts in that four hours and you're going to want to take  minutes to like stop and take a breather and just go, holy shit.
  And look at that.
 And how cool was that? Let's talk about this for a second.
  Yeah, you can't, no time, not a place to relax, except for the Cantina.
  Should you make it in there? We really chilled out.
 We like splayed out in there.
  Yeah.
 And I appreciate that we got to.
 Yeah, that was great.
  I realize I've now been not reading the names of the people who asked me the  questions.
 I'm sure I, I don't know if that's important to people,  but I'm going to, I'm sorry.
  I don't want to say I know here's kind of a related one at post credit show  asked when will the lines die down? So that is kind of,  there's no simple answer to that question for the next few weeks.
  It's just the reservations, which are all booked up unless you get a hotel room.
  And then, which case you can get a reservation.
 Um, after that,  it's like virtual queues that like you can join,  you have to get in the park.
 You have to scan your ticket.
  And then within the park, then you can get a boarding pass.
  I think they're calling it.
 But it ultimately seems like,  like it might be very similar to the weights now in the land.
  It seems like it's just sort of a version of what they're doing now,  but you just have to be there early in the morning to get your time.
 Hmm.
  Yeah.
 I mean that is that for years has been the way.
  Do you want to go without a lot of lines? Yeah.
  Get there really early because the locals don't like waking up early.
  So that rule still applies.
 Yeah.
 So that's, I think honestly,  like they'll probably keep it so like you have a nice,  comfortable time in the land in general.
 Um, but yeah,  the early morning you gotta, I think you do, I can't imagine for a while.
  It's, it's not going to be like an early morning war situation.
 Oh yeah.
  For sure.
 People are going to be for sure getting there very early to get their  time.
 I would imagine.
 Yeah.
 It'll be,  it'll remains to be seen when those will run out.
  Cause it's still like radiator Springs racers still like the fat hardest fast  pass maybe to get in the park.
 That's right.
 Worse than galaxy.
 Well,  I guess smaller kids can ride Raiders Springs racers versus.
 Yeah.
  I mean, I don't know how bad it is, but for a couple of years there,  it was like that would run out by a little worse than guardians.
 I think.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It would run out by like 11 AM at a certain,  but this is back when there was still fake paper tickets and stuff.
  So who knows when you won't be able to get a fast pass,  but the advice of course would be get there when the park opens.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And now all of this will shine and is a particularly bright light on California  adventure as the chill park.
 Yeah.
  Usually because it's going to be a little more vacant, I think.
 Sure.
 Well,  well all this star Wars stuff is going on.
 Yeah.
  So enjoy that wine terrace and that Carthay circle lounge.
  Even chiller than usual.
  This is a question from it's waggy time on Twitter.
  If two small children were selected as the pilots of your smugglers run group,  how would you react? And I have a very fast answer for this.
  I'll probably not make it that fast though.
 I would love it.
 It would be great.
  The thing is on rails.
  I complain a little bit about it in the other episode of like wanting a little  more freedom.
 That being said,  I think the ride is more fun when you're banging into crap.
 Yeah.
 Like,  the first Jason and I were terrible pilots.
 I blame him,  but it might not be fair.
  There wasn't that many up and down obstacles.
 I felt like there were,  well, I guess quite a few.
 Well, I felt like I was,  there was something working against me and maybe it was my own problem.
  The one time we did it with a single rider who joined our party,  he dodged the spire at the very end.
 Yes.
 And I did it.
  We rammed right into the spire.
  There's a few purposely startling things that like you're either supposed to  avoid or blast.
 Right.
 Avoid blast or ram into.
  Kids are so quick to pick up on video game stuff.
 Like,  well I'm actually just saying that it would be fun to crash into literally  everything.
 I saw someone on Twitter did that.
 They said they like,  just wrecked the Falcon even worse than Jason and I did.
  And it seems like it's fun.
  There's like a lot of fun alarms going off in the hallway as you leave.
  And it makes the ride more fun cause you're bumping up and down more.
  Like you, like it's reacting to when you crash into something.
  So like it's going to be a much more like crazy ride if you're constantly  smashing into things.
 Sure.
 And it's fun.
 There's kids piloting.
  Wouldn't that be fun to have some kids to control a unit spaceship that are,  that don't have, can't react that fast to things.
  You never seen that in the movies.
  Yeah.
  A lot of people have been in that cockpit, but no kids.
 No kids.
  I hope broom boy from the end of last Jedi in Star Wars,  episode nine pilots, the Millennium Falcon, but there's no guarantee of that.
  There's no scene out of that.
  Scene one that's a, what do the hardcore fans want?  They want broom boy in the, in the chair of the franchise in general.
  Right.
 We need like a similar to short round driving the car in temple of doom.
  We need broom boy piloting the Millennium Falcon.
  A couple of questions I'm just going to answer sort of together.
  Some people asking, is it expensive? Are they price gouging?  That sort of, is it?  It's too tight.
 I mean, I think it's comparable.
 I mean,  Oga's Cantina prices are comparable to drinking at any  exhausting cocktail bar in Los Angeles.
 So that's kind of,  but none of the food seemed particularly jacked up.
  The stuffed animals didn't seem that bad.
 I mean,  Rex is a hundred dollars.
 Is that right?  A hundred and fifty.
 Okay.
  So comparable to buying one of those dumbass Amazon smart speakers.
  And presumably Rex is not tracking you.
 So,  we're not that we know, not that we know.
  So it is like a Bluetooth speaker and a toy in.
  I'm going to get put on a list for hugging it too much.
 Well, I mean, you know,  that's my own problem.
 But I didn't think the lightsaber seem expensive,  but they've sold like super expensive custom light,  like display lightsabers for years.
  Everything could be like five to 10% less.
 And I think we'd have been like, Oh,  that's still a kind of a marked up theme park price.
  Maybe it's like a little bit more than normal, but I mean,  it's all going to be nothing was jaw dropping.
 Yeah.
  Nothing was jaw dropping.
 Yeah.
 Every the meal again.
 Yeah.
  The meals could they have been like we were talking about with tropical hideaway,  like a couple dollars cheaper and we would have maybe felt even better about it.
  Sure.
 Of course.
  The blue milk sir and green milks are about the same price as butter beer,  right? Which is like $8 now.
 I think it started at $5,  which is probably about what you should be paying, but I don't know.
  It's not a huge, a huge thing.
  So track these prices like the price of oil, like you've got them in a stock cap.
  Outpacing inflation.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So,  but no, I didn't think, I mean, if you're gonna,  if you're gonna buy remote control robot or a custom lightsaber with custom  sling, yes, you will pay more,  but the t-shirts and sweatshirts, all that stuffed animals,  all that crap was the same as all the other crap.
  I haven't talked to a ton about that Rex toy also.
 It fucking rocks.
 And it like,  you know, besides that, I, again, I,  am I slanted because he's my favorite character in fiction certainly,  but I think it's a cool,  if you knew nothing and your first exposure to Rex was, Oh,  who's that weird DJ robot in the Cantina or I can get one of those at home.
  I think it's really neat independently of all that.
 And I, especially the,  like the land, like the aging details,  like all the scuffing on the helmet,  like just the actual like texture of the body is super cool.
 Yeah.
  And it like, it's pretty responsive.
 I mean, you got,  there's like a little bit of lag, but it, it, the, the movement's great.
  That's a lot of different ways it can move.
 Yeah.
 He's,  I was worried from some of the pictures that he was smaller.
  I was thinking he might be like half the size, but he's a nice, he's a nice size.
  I have him upstairs on a shelf.
 He's a real nice, significant looking toy.
  He looks good.
  He's kind of perfectly hilariously big and cumbersome,  but small enough to still move around.
  Would we have bought him if he was times three to four size? Like, would it be?  Yes.
 Now we're talking like, probably if he was bigger and maybe if he was like  more metal and less plastic, he would be in the living room right now.
  It's just like, well, this is like, there's, I have two pets, Edwin and Rex.
  He's like, he's like a live in nephew or something.
 Yeah.
  But yeah, he's great.
 It's great.
 And you know what? I was getting the question,  how's that speaker? I don't think it's a poor speaker.
 I think it's not,  look, you're going to, it's not going to replace a stereo system and you can't  recharge it.
 So you've, so batteries are going to drain.
 That is the one.
  If only they had a little battery,  that would be my one gripe that you could like recharge on a Bluetooth.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like a, whatever you call that cord.
  It's eight double A's.
 Is that right? Crazy.
 Yeah.
  I guess you could buy eight rechargeable double A's.
 Sure.
 That's true.
  Those, but it is weird.
 It's not lithium ion nowadays.
 Cheaper.
  That is harder to, yeah, it's cheaper.
 Also, well,  they'll card to recycle lithium ion batteries.
 Sure.
  So they were doing it for sure because of the impact on the environment.
  Absolutely.
 A lot of environmental consciousness.
  I will say this was the first spot where I found like a water bottle  fill up station built into the water fountains.
 So that was good.
  Cause we had Disneyland for like 18 hours.
  I think the only way I got through that was staying high.
  It was this like pounding water.
 Yeah.
  I needed to have more water than I did more protein and more water.
  There's a tip.
 Ice cream.
 Hydrate.
 When you're going,  they still drink water in Batuu.
 So you should too.
  A couple of questions about whether they got rid of the sporks,  which I had also heard, but it seems like they're just kind of limiting.
  There's these custom metal sporks for OGA for docking bay seven.
  And it seems like the verdict is they're still there,  but you can't just take like a handful of them and accidentally drop one in your  bag anymore.
 I think you just get one with your tray.
  What a perfect scene stealer that in all this,  it would be this weird utensil.
  It's weird resellable utensil.
 I saw only two on eBay.
 I Google,  I or I go by eBay to on eBay.
 So yeah, I don't know.
  I don't know if somebody just like open their bag and unloaded all of the  sporks in there.
 And they're like, okay, well, got to switch that.
 Um,  our friend Andrew Grissom, who was with us,  said that they were limiting like you'd only buy one of each like toy,  each.
 Yes.
 I saw a sign that said like one of each thing,  which is interesting.
 It seemed like they did have a big stock.
  There was like a lot of every character in one part of the Droid Depot.
  There was, there were only two Rex's left.
 And I said, do you have,  is this all the Rex's you have? And they're like, well,  there's more in the other room and they had more.
 So I'm not sure.
  I was trying to figure out, I think we talked to Len about it.
  I was wondering what's going to be after a week, like the hottest thing in there.
  A lot of the salacious crumbs that can sit on your shoulder and look around.
  Yeah.
  This made me so happy to see on guests for the rest of the day throughout the  park.
 You're somewhere way different.
 You're, uh,  you're over by toast by Midway mania and you see a salacious crumb bobbing  around.
  There's a really cute tiny group one that people get now.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Interactive, but it's, it's cute.
  This feels very Tokyo-y like I don't know.
 I mean, I,  I'm still a recent visitor there,  but it seems like displayed toys at all times has probably been part of the  Tokyo culture for a while.
 And I like that it's happening here.
  I wonder what the first one is because they have those in an avatar and they  were big sellers and I, it's like,  it's sort of the banshees on your shoulder,  even though banshees are much bigger in the movie,  but it's a tiny banshee on your shoulder and you can work it.
  She, uh, sperms.
 Yeah.
 That's what they look like before.
  They're very formed if they're sperms.
 Uh, it's different, uh,  different genealogy.
 Um, that's their species.
  And those I know sold out very quickly and they were like caught off guard by  how popular those were.
  And then they came back and they were much more expensive.
  Like $30 more or something.
  Do you have a question at Mickey shy 12 is asking,  what are the character experiences like?  I think Len talked a little bit about this.
  The idea is that the characters are going about their day.
  So like there's not a meet and greet line for Chewbacca.
  He's kind of wandering through the crowd with, I think with him,  there was a handler, but it was a rebel spy in character.
  And Ray is just wandering around.
 Uh,  of course she can communicate a little more in galactic basic.
 Um,  but like, yeah, just wandering about their day,  trying to get the rebellion resistance built back up.
  He's just getting his steps.
 He's got a headband, uh, you know,  checking.
 Oh my only 7,000.
  This neighborhood has changed and I'm not a fan of that.
  I really haven't thought about this until this very moment.
  And I am not a new, well, some of the Disney's I think are okay.
  Some of the Disney's I think are less okay.
 But I do, I,  I'm wondering if we're going to only have new Disney characters like Ray and  Kylo.
 Cause I was imagining like, man,  what if there was like a Han Solo character actor who ran up  and down something or like if IG 88 is showing up or any of the classic  trilogy or honestly prequel characters, I wonder if,  I wonder what will happen because they know they're trying to keep in line.
  Like there's a narrative and it's a certain point in star Wars history,  but I wonder if they ever relax that a little bit.
 It would be really great.
  I know it wouldn't make so much sense,  but if we could get like yak face character from the original,  I think the droids and the aliens, uh, you're more likely to see.
  I agree with that.
 I, yes, more than they've already said,  there will be more wandering droids down the line.
  They just didn't want to overwhelm the land with them.
  By that solo Darth Maul timeline, isn't he? Uh,  Oh yeah.
 Darth Maul is back in solo, which I don't believe we'll be getting any  sequels to kill him in the clone wars again in the cloak.
 Yes, they do.
  He kills him again, but I don't know if that'll be,  but as Star Wars deaths ain't sticking lately.
 So that's true.
  That's true.
 So they're all whenever really dies.
  Luke Skywalker will be alive in the next movie.
 Seemingly.
  The rise of Skywalker.
 No, we're not.
  It's not quite clear if he died in the first movie.
 In last Jedi.
  Last Jedi.
 I mean, it's not, well, according to Ryan, he died.
  Yeah.
 But it's not quite clear.
 It's not quite clear to JJ.
  Force can be, the tales can be rewritten.
  Ryan was like, yeah, he's dead.
 And JJ was like, I don't know.
 I didn't really,  I'm not so sure if he's dead or not.
  Was it in last Jedi or force awakens that it's just like Akbar dead, gone as  then Akbar by that is last Jedi.
 That's minus points.
  That was harsh to me.
 Like fuck what? Yeah.
 Like kind of off screen.
 Jesus.
  You might say a couple of characters got treated very cruelly.
  Do you have a three hours worth of more thoughts on this?  My no, that's sort of, I've exhausted all my thoughts just now.
 So.
  When we were driving down there the day before you, you, there's a,  what was the Lucas quote you said? Stories are like songs.
  I believe it's the Phantom.
 I could be wrong about where it is,  but it's in one of those documentaries.
  I think it's when he's making Phantom Menace and he's talking about,  he's talking about how the trilogy is rime.
 He's like, they rhyme.
  The trilogy is a rhyme.
 And like,  like I don't remember what scenes he's talking about rhyme with other scenes.
  Yeah.
 Stuff, stuff repeats, stuff comes back in all of these movies.
  And I, I think that'll, will be satisfying to look back at all nine of them,  even those dreaded prequels when all is said and done and go like, it is interesting.
  If you, if you make it important, that stuff repeats or stories repeat, because,  you know, all that Joseph Campbell shit is like,  just keeps getting reused again and again for thousands of years.
  Well, we all tell ourselves the same stories over and over again.
  We just recycle them in different ways.
 That's really all it is.
 Hmm.
 Really deep.
  Yeah.
  Speaking of the secular, the circular nature of stories,  have you guys caught, and I can't totally confirm this,  but I saw a video that implies that here's how the Rex loop plays out.
  That at some point there is like a power surge and the power in the bar has to be  reset.
 And the bartender, I then, I haven't seen,  I just saw a video that implies that this happens.
 I haven't seen it in person,  but I think the bartender has to like reset the system.
  Rex comes back on thus resetting his loop and refreshing his memory so that it is  always his first time DJ.
  Just like it was always his first time piloting.
  Wow.
 That's awesome.
 I think that's very clever.
 If that's true.
  I saw this whole sequence in like press footage of like the bartender going,  ah, God, this again.
 And then he Rex dies essentially,  which he does.
 Have you, have you kept him on long enough? The toy.
  Yes, I've kept him here.
  To where he, oh, and then, but I think the, I think the same thing happens.
  He powers back up and like, Hey, look, customers.
  And then the set begins anew.
  That's great.
  It's actually weirdly unlike sunny eclipse or checky cheese or anything else  that loops.
 It's justified why all the same things happen again.
 Man,  that's great.
 That's such a fun way to work around that.
  I love it.
 And I love that it keeps up that he is always a first timer,  but also you talk about stories rhyming and everything.
  And I love this character so much.
 I love that he,  like he was a first timer who was having a bad time and it was,  as a job he was not suited for.
 And now he has a job he's fucking great at.
  It is so delightful to me to see like who,  that's another, if you could have told me loving Star Tours so much as a kid,  this character will find his purpose in life many decades later and you'll be  there for it.
 Morning.
 Number one,  Dick Ward asked how much one on one time did Scott and Rex get.
  You know what? A little bit.
 My timestamp at eight 20 on that first day,  I was filming him dead center and I couldn't believe that was the case.
  And that you could just like walk up closer to that super cool robot than you  could have on Star Tours.
 Yeah.
 And we were sitting next,  we'd have the best view of him, but we were sitting next to him, essentially.
  We were in the booth next to him.
  And I kept leaving you guys, my friends to get up and watch him.
  And there's good bits.
 There's good material.
  The toy has this bit about,  he says how he's available for life day celebrations.
  That's an acknowledgement of the weirdo holiday from the holiday special.
  There is nothing it's music.
 It's DJ.
 It's my,  nothing could be more made for me than all this new wreck shit.
  Alcohol is part of it.
 Yeah.
 Fucking rules.
  The life day thing is so great.
 I mean, that's like a shortcut and improv too.
  Like there's no mist.
 If you make stuff count, if you treat stuff like important,  there's no like mistakes and like, sure.
 Yeah.
  Even the sillier stuff in Star Wars, if you treat it like it's important,  you end up with a Dexter Jekster action figure looking at you as you record a  podcast.
 Yeah.
 Huh? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And how much?  Like now that everybody's relaxed about all that prequels,  but there's not the fury that there used to be.
  We can enjoy the silliness of something like that.
 There's no fear.
  But anything in Star Wars, no, no, no.
  I'm so just moved like every prequels, I think.
  It does help me.
 Nobody's mad about those now, but it's all shifted over.
  Yes.
 But are you guys, I'm not seeing it about galaxy's edge yet.
  I'm not seeing other than a certain podcast or friend of ours deciding he hates  it before he's done it.
 But like, yeah, you know, uh,  I don't think there's like the, there's, there's,  there's not the uprising of actually it sucks,  which I'm not used to seeing in Star Wars, anything.
 Right.
  There's a certain thing of building themed entertainment attractions.
  There's a lot longer lead time than movies and you have to account for,  I feel like a lot more what is that in movies you can fix with like,  we'll just change this in the script or like, Oh,  we'll have to figure that out in editing.
 Like with this, it's like, well,  people are going to thousands and thousands of people are going to come to this  for years and years and years.
 And we can't, if it goes bad,  we can't destroy it because we spent a billion dollars on it.
 Right.
 Right.
  So we have to make it count.
  Joe roadie said the star wars team started working on this when the avatar team  started working on the section.
 What? And that was forever ago.
  Shocking.
 Like, I don't think they had sold Lucasfilm to  Disney then had they? Uh, I think maybe.
  No, it's later.
 Uh, Disney buys Lucasfilm,  which I think is two years or three years before force awakens, which is 2015.
  Well, now this could also be counting the,  when they were just going to redo tomorrow.
 Yeah.
 But I think, Oh yeah.
  So October 30th, 2012 is when they announced about it.
  But avatar land announced is, let me see this.
  I think there was like 10 years between it being announced and opening.
 Jeez.
  I could be wrong.
 So maybe.
  So some new star wars theme park iteration has been  worked on forever and ever.
 Uh,  September 17th, 2011 entered into an exclusive  long-term agreement with Cameron's light storm.
 So before the sale,  if that indeed is the case, like, I mean, I,  I could imagine they wanted to expand the star wars presence in general.
  And Lucas had been talking cause Lucas initially was going to make seven.
  He was going to make seven himself and then sell it and then have somebody  else complete eight and nine.
 Oh, I see.
 So maybe,  maybe back then,  cause he was the one who hired Kathleen Kennedy to run Lucasfilm before did the  Disney thing.
  So perhaps they had already sort of been talking about more stuff and just  initially planning things or going through ideas.
  It'll be another decade before we get any books and stuff about before we have  an actual accounting of like, Oh, maybe everything has come.
  Here's how everything played out.
 Really.
 We were,  who knows exactly because we, we had seen this already in the theater,  but we were watching saving Mr.
 Banks again last night.
 And man,  that is crazy that they did that to her at the end of the movie where they  pretended that she liked the movie.
 Yeah.
 Really? I mean,  we thought it was crazy at the time, but I was like, man, that is,  that is pretty fucking ugly.
 That's my bullshitty.
 Yeah.
  And there's some, did she hate it or was she fine with it? Like, okay,  cried and anger and it was so mad at the premiere and then pretending at the end  of the movie that PL Trevor's liked Mary Poppins, which is a great movie.
  And I think you can make a point like people can adapt things and make, see,  well, they can show you what they see in it and make something just as good.
  It doesn't have to be exactly the same as the source material.
  That being said to literally change history into like,  she loved it.
 Really evil, really evil.
 Anyway.
 Yeah.
 So, well,  I'm saying we'll get it like a real clean version of whatever.
 Sure.
 Yes.
  But we should, by the way, acknowledge the, that George Lucas,  we should just do like a commentary or like a review of the opening ceremony,  but what a crazy, I kind of liked it.
 The George Lucas is like,  it could have gone very badly, but it, but it didn't,  that's as good of praise as Lucas can give.
 I think,  but I, it felt sincere in that it was so not polished and not  sound bitey.
  Yeah, that's the best compliment I think he can get.
  That's the most emotion he can muster at this point.
 I think, uh, he's,  he's a very closed off man from what I see.
  I would be very fascinated to read an autobiography from him.
 Yeah, sure.
  I wonder if he doesn't want it.
 I wouldn't think he wants to do that.
  Every time he served a meal at a restaurant and was everything to your liking.
  Um, it could have gone very badly, but it didn't, I guess it didn't.
  What about that museum? Wasn't he funding a museum in Chicago,  but not in Chicago.
 Oh, I forget.
  He's buying that too.
 They're taking it.
 They're giving it to JJ.
  Like JJ is going to build it.
 He, uh, I think George, uh,  regrets selling every day of his life.
 I think he regrets it.
 My baby.
  I think he would not have done it the way he did it now.
 That's all I will say.
  So I think he might be still angry at Disney in general.
 So that's,  maybe that's also where some of his weirdness is coming from.
  So him showing up at that thing was like, uh, you know, like Google,  going to your daughter's wedding and you don't really approve the room,  but you're not going to make a stink.
  Right.
 Cause it's your daughter and you have to be there.
 Not going to ruin it.
  They got Harrison though.
 I'm so curious.
  What contract says Harrison has to show up to the opening of a theme park ride?  Well, but that's what I said when we were talking about that.
  Like it's not hard to put someone in the back of a town car or an  Escalade, drive them from Venice to Anaheim,  send them in a back door, make sure they had a blunt on the way down,  wear a glass of wine on the way down, get them out, shake some hands,  take some pictures.
 Hi Mark.
 How's it going? Hi George.
 You know,  and then back in the, that wasn't part of the deal.
 I will not say hello.
  Fine.
 Fine.
 I don't want to say hi to Mark.
  I'm on the way home.
 I know you like it when I give you updates.
  He's got an earpiece in.
 I don't know why you became Bernie.
  I don't have to go out again until Halloween.
  For those fun couples costumes.
 We have to get those.
 My only joy.
  So when I'm dressed as a peapod and you're dressed as a stock of corn,  Pickle the box of Joe Joe's and a bottle of wine to take to this.
  Whose party is it? This one's for the Sultan of Berni.
  This one's for who? Which producer's kid? Who's Peter? Peter Mayhew.
  The B played too.
 Oh yeah.
 Okay.
 He died.
 Yeah.
  Okay.
 Yeah, that was nice.
  Very, I have to go soon.
 So the very, very important question,  uh, the you spotted Mike from Mike Olson.
  Did Jason's bag contain any boiled peanuts?  I don't understand that question.
 But it's also, of course your bag.
  It is funny.
 Yes, it did.
 But why would you ask that?  No, I wish I had packed more snacks because we were there for so long.
  I had to keep, you know, buying that Disney food.
  Boiled peanuts would keep that stool regular.
  Someone, yeah, that's maybe someone.
 Yeah.
 Someone pointed out,  I didn't notice that someone said in the line for smugglers round, it's like,  you know, the one voiceover guy sounds like you.
 And I did not notice that.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 Did you notice that? Yes.
 I was pointing that out to somebody.
 Yeah.
  Some, I don't, is it one of the like PA announcements in smugglers, right?  Anybody going on at like, keep your ears peeled, peeled,  like boiled peanuts for a voiceover.
  It sounds a lot like our own Jason Sheridan.
 Yeah.
 I did.
  Yep.
 I did not get that one hour buyout gig.
  You missed out on that 600 bucks.
 Yeah.
 Well, somebody said, what were your first,  it was, let's see, let me look at this profile here.
  From Ash to Cash says, or asks,  what was your first thought walking into the gates?  I got a feeling, I don't know if that I had a thought,  but I did get like a surge of like excitement.
 Like it course through my body.
  I didn't have a thought, but I just went, Whoa.
  I thought, Oh, it's good.
 It's good.
 I was like seeing it from a distance.
  I'm still going through that like beautiful cave wall that they built.
  I just like, I saw one little glimmer of a building.
 Like, it's good.
  There's no question.
 I was wondering,  like is this whole thing going to be over hyped or overrated? One little,  like I saw some flag and like, absolutely not.
 It's great.
  But someone we, we posted, we posted a bunch of photos and videos,  including in that big crowd, which again, opening day, opening slot,  opening like 8 a.
m.
 pre 8 a.
m.
 And someone quote tweeted that who,  someone who doesn't follow us.
 So I don't give a shit.
  I noticed this.
  Someone quote tweeted that and, and I think you wrote back, it's great.
 Yeah.
  And I wrote back and deleted, uh, we posted seven other update.
 Like,  someone was like, well, people are very different than I,  I shan't be going here for a long time.
 And it's like,  did you not see the seven or eight other posts of us leisurely enjoying the  land?  It was a guy using the crowd video in which I show it's the smugglers of the  world.
 Like he used that to point out, oh my God, it's a fucking shit show.
  This place is a nightmare.
 Nobody ever go there.
 And, uh, what he didn't know,  he didn't have the context to know that was the first group that ever went in.
  That was not just like going from one store to another store.
  Yeah.
 Your context.
 We live in a fake news time.
  People are making Pelosi look drunk.
 You can't be doing this stuff.
  Don't take videos out of context.
 Uh,  because most of it was very comfortable and I liked writing back and saying, uh,  yeah, what are you talking about?  And that opening crowd was one of the most exciting things ever.
  What he didn't know is we saw a monstrous teeth getting brushed and we were all  on such a high from that.
 It fucking rules.
  And I think that's my thing in general.
 Like I'm, because I was,  I totally was a person thinking this is going to be a shit show.
 Uh, and even,  but even if it is a shit show, give it a shot.
 So they, they've pulled,  they clearly are pulling off something so extraordinary there and, uh, don't,  uh, don't, don't hate until you, until you try it.
  Yeah.
 I mean, we'll see how stuff goes when they switch to the virtual boarding  pass,  but it seems like they are regulating how many people are led into the land at  any given time so that people don't have a bad, like what a rip off this sucks  sort of experience.
  Also, like when you, like anybody's searching for like,  yeah, see it does really work.
 And actually this thing isn't that good.
  And people are saying the Falcons actually not that great.
  At one point an entire theme park opened and one of the main things was superstar  limo.
 Like we are so far away from that gross era of like cheap shit out,  new bad journey into imagination.
 We're in like such a golden era.
  And if you, you know, yeah,  you thought the pod engine could have been different or whatever, like all told,  it's we're in such a golden age of theme parks and it's even little nitpicks.
  Don't belied that that's genuinely very true.
  I mean, everyone obviously wants the confirmation bias.
  Everyone wants their assumption to be proven correct.
  So I get that.
  And I, and it's either that,  or it's also people sometimes just have too high of expectations.
 Like for instance,  like the Falcon or something like where it's not a hundred percent perfect.
  And it's like, okay, well that means it's a let down.
  It is modular and it presumably they can change stuff.
  They can fix stuff a little more.
  That's what somebody asks.
 Hidden peanuts asks the question.
 What did you,  what did you see that you think is most likely to change?  What seems likely to get pulled because it's too logistically difficult or hard  on cast members.
 I didn't see a ton of that,  but it feels like there's a lot of, there could be a lot of tweaking on that.
  Falcon.
 I think they're going to do it too.
  I don't think it's going to go unheard that there's a little bit of weirdness  and I, I, and,  and that maybe people want at least like a zone of the experience where you  don't, you aren't missing things because you're so busy.
 And, uh, I,  I don't know.
  I think they're going to get the fee and it's the feedback and they're going to  want it.
 And I think we'll end up having a different feeling about that Falcon.
  Supposedly I saw someone post about this.
  There was like five or six different systems they tested of getting people  credentialed and into the land and they ran virtual models and real life tests  just to figure out, okay, the smoothest one was,  here's a QR code, go to launch pay, wait over here.
  Now we'll let everyone in in these four hour increments.
  Like they were testing that with like virtual models, analytics,  that sort of thing.
  Wow.
 So, you know, uh, there,  there is thought going into this.
 Yeah.
 It's not just like, well,  let's open the gates and see what happens.
 Um, yeah.
 Disney test things.
  They also tried four different models of how to clean monsterous teeth.
 Sure.
  They tried mouthwash.
 There was more of a,  more of a jet brush kind of situation.
  Old fashioned way worked.
  And then loss.
 Look, there's a number of options.
  Giant white strips.
 Big greenies.
  Um, I probably do need to wrap it up.
 Sure.
  Zach rider wants to know why Len tested won't tweeted him.
 Len is busy.
  He's very busy.
 He had a busy man.
 He was working when we saw him.
  So you're telling Zach get in line.
 Yeah.
  Seriously.
  Aren't you all so busy?  You would think he's like four cities a week.
  I guess, you know, let's, let's end with this question.
 Uh,  it's Gabe Smith at SCT, uh,  underscore CAO can Honda Anacca get it? Okay.
  Let me think about this.
 I don't know that I'm so attracted to, if I,  I'm a heterosexual, if we're talking Kinsey scale,  certainly closer to heterosexual.
 I don't know what number I am.
  But would I be attracted to Honda Anacca? I don't think so.
  I don't think so.
 That's not the question.
 Well, can he get it?  Well, how would you define the Kenny get it? Well, I think he's charming.
  I think he's a little bit of a bad boy.
 You know, I don't know that you put a ring on that.
  Cause he probably can't trust him.
 I think you can get it.
 I mean, I said,  like I said with Len, it's like they,  they did a good job of acquainting you with his character that unless you've  watched a bunch of the cartoons or read some comics, you might not know.
  And they made him like, uh, interesting and simple and charming,  like pretty quickly.
 But Kylo Ren can get it.
 I will,  can I equivocally say that Kylo Ren can get it.
 Uh, Han Solo can get it.
  I think certain versions of Luke Skywalker can get it.
 Uh,  Lando.
  I would say, uh, Boba Fett even with his mysterious ways can get it.
  I would say, uh, throw, throw some more out here.
 Uh, IGA.
  I know I would not say boss can get it.
  Dexter Jetser.
  I would say that I lovable guy a lot much like a Hondo, but I don't,  he can't get it maybe from me, particularly me.
 We're talking.
  He's a working man.
 Diners have to keep long hours.
  I don't know if he would have the mental and emotional space for you.
  Qui-Gon.
  Yeah, the diner is who he gets it with.
  Qui-Gon.
 Qui-Gon 100% can get it.
 Uh, what about me master?  Can I get it?  Here's the thing it's, uh, Anakin,  that version of Anakin can get it if you're maybe going through something and  you kind of want to just like be in a quick relationship, obviously,  but he certainly can get it.
  Oh, that was one of the crazy.
 Give me a chance.
 Let me get it.
  Jenny Nicholson posted on Twitter, uh, cast members said kids.
  And she said, don't you mean younglings? And they're like, we actually, uh,  they decided not to use younglings because the main context in the movie it's  used is when a bunch of them are killed.
 Oh, yikes.
  Younglings is out.
 Yeah.
 So that's, again,  that's that attention to detail that comes with a long lead time of preparing  for every possible thing in a theme park atmosphere as opposed to, all right,  we have a two months to shoot this movie.
  I bet, um, I bet Honda could get it.
 I think like 20 year old,  I think young Honda was made.
 He's like a little, he's a little bulgier.
  He's a little crag year.
 I bet there was a time when he was, yeah,  he was a handsome dude.
  So young Honda comes out on Disney plus I will then finally see that yes,  indeed.
 Honda Anacca can get it.
 Disney plus,  maybe that's the name of the show.
  Young Honda can get it.
 Young Honda Anacca can get it.
 Like Parker Lewis can't lose.
  Same thing.
 Yeah.
 I like a good tie.
 I like a good sentence title.
  That's fantastic.
 All right.
 Looking forward to it.
 Um, I need to go out the door.
  Sure.
 So, uh, you survived podcast for the second gate.
  Thank you for all of your questions and for, uh,  letting us talk about this thing more.
 We put, look,  we're going to keep stretching this into a lot.
  So just tell us if it's too much or anything, but we'll, you know,  we'll do 20 episodes, but Galaxy's Edge all told,  I think we need to go do the Falcon more to really like,  maybe do an episode all about the Falcon, but we need like more flight time under  our belt.
  You guys have some return expeditions coming up.
  Very soon we will be back on Batuu.
  Yeah.
 So, and you should upgrade to,  I might become a FlexPass boy.
 Yeah.
 Try that out.
  Think.
 And if you, if you're doing FlexPass, tweet at Jason and let him know.
  If you have any FlexPass experience, if you bought it or converted to it,  let me know how it's going.
  All right.
 Bright suns, clear eyes.
  Can't lose.
 Can't lose.
 Good tips for Jason.
