 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning.
  The following live podcast is presented begrudgingly  by people who would rather be at Oga's Cantina right now.
  If you are prone to epileptic seizures,  do not sit in rows one, three, four, seven, eight,  nine, or 15.
  At some point in the show,  there will be a massive dump of Shrek 4D surplus water.
  The first three rows will get typhoid.
  And now from a theater that's only two blocks away  from a Chuck E.
 Cheese, it's Podcast the Ride Live!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh my god, hello and welcome to Podcast the Ride,  the podcast about theme parks hosted by three men  who hired nannies tonight to babysit their Rexes.
  It's true.
  Concerned about the little guy,  so I want him to get droid-napped.
  I'm Scott Gardner, hello, hello.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  And I'm Jason Sheridan.
  Thank you.
  Yeah, and I, sure is.
  He sure is.
  Yeah, starting already.
  I wanna say kudos to Jason for working on a holiday.
  In case you don't know, today is-  Yeah, I do know.
  National Donut Day.
  Yeah, let's hear it.
  Usually, Jason just sits in his room.
  It's a day of remembrance.
  But today he's made an exception  to come and entertain all of you!  Yes.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Yeah, so it's our 100th episode, really.
  Yeah.
  We're at it!  It's in progress right now.
  We can't think of a better way  than to spend it with all of you.
  We really appreciate you coming out.
  Yes, thank you so much.
  How many people have listened to all 100?  Wow.
  Pretty good.
  Geez, that's something.
  All right, well then, you know,  this is gonna be a big treat for everybody.
  But I realized, like, the 100th episode,  that's sort of a big deal.
  That's an auspicious occasion.
  And we can't just come out here like normal  and say, welcome to Funcast, all right,  we gotta do something bigger.
  And I started thinking,  who is the world's greatest welcomer?  Who is the person who is the best anywhere  at welcoming people to things?  And with that in mind, I created a little video  that we're debuting tonight.
  Turn your eyes to the screen  for the world's greatest welcomer.
  Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello,  hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello,  hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello,  hello, gosh, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello.
  Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello,  hello, hello again.
  Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello,  hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello,  hello, hello, hello, hi.
  If you're looking for me, I'm right over here.
  No, no, no, over here.
  I'm in the computer, here on the desk.
  Hello.
  You did it, boys!  The show was.
  Second, wait a second.
  Take him away, take him away.
  Okay, so, that's not part of the welcome.
  Now you've officially been welcomed to the show.
  Now we can all officially say hello.
  Hello.
  Hello.
  One of those, he was drawn into a  Little Orphan Annie comic strip.
  Yes, by the way, for the 20s, he was on a raft?  There's so much going on.
  Being drawn into a Little Orphan Annie comic strip.
  Your dream.
 My dream.
  We can only hope.
  We shouldn't just go too Jason hard right now,  but you did, we had a whole plan of how we were gonna start  this thing, and then we got a text that you got yourself  into a hot dog mess.
  Yeah.
  Well.
  Plans are off.
  Changing everything.
  Scott said, save it for the pod.
  The phrase was hot dog hijinks.
  Sorry.
  I shouldn't rewrite you, I'm sorry.
  I went to eat dinner at the Fonda next door,  and I was like, I'm gonna go to the gym.
  I went to eat dinner at the Fonda next door after tech.
  It's very nice.
  Wonderful mariachi bar.
  There is a giant sign out front that says $10,  like two tacos or a plate of wings, $10,  an entree and a beer.
  And one of the things was a Dodger dog.
  And I was like, oh, I'm a hot dog and a beer.
  That sounds lovely.
  And I go in and that same sign is inside,  and it is on the bar top, on the bar,  and I sit there for about 20 minutes  before anyone comes behind the bar.
  And when he does, I go, oh, I just want this hot dog  and a beer thing.
  And he goes, we don't do that anymore.
  And he took it down.
  And so.
  And I did try.
  I was like, well, oh, it's on the sign outside.
  And he's like, this is the happy hour menu.
  And it's just the regular menu.
  It's like, OK, well, that answers that.
  No hot dogs.
  No hot dogs for me.
  It was outside the restaurant, too.
  Like a banner.
  It was heavily featured.
  Yes.
  Well, I think these hijinks cannot be blamed on you for once.
  For once.
  Did you leave like a Yelp review or something?  Not yet.
  We'll see.
  He's been known to do that.
  That's not a joke.
  Oh.
  They're long.
  He writes very long ones.
  That was like eight years ago.
  And you're still just digging in.
  Mike's brain does not let go.
  If you haven't learned that, put it out.
  I have not forgotten a fact about you in a decade.
  You told me that as a child, you caught pond eels in a pond.
  Yeah.
  What is that?  What are you thinking?  It's eels that live in a pond.
  Like it's not a big.
  Fair enough.
  You know?  All right.
  He answered the question.
  What do you want?  Yeah.
  Yeah, he answered the question.
  But look, we're not just here to talk about pond eels.
  No.
  We're here.
  And we can do this show.
  You know, when we did the live show with Tony Baxter at the That's From Disneyland exhibit.
  Thank you.
  You know, we were kind of on our best behavior because there was an imaginary legend there.
  And also Scott's parents were there.
  Mom and Dad.
  And we are very good boys.
  We are good boys.
  No curses.
  But no parents are here tonight.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So we can do whatever we want that would upset BB Boomer parents.
  It's time to renounce God.
  Bring out the golden calf.
  We worship a new faith now.
  You know what?  Oh, sorry.
  Go ahead.
  I was just going to say, when I'm at home sometimes I will say like, hell, Satan.
  And my mom gets mad.
  Like very mad.
  Not like kind of mad.
  Very mad.
  Not when you're at your apartment now.
  She doesn't like sense that you did it.
  She knows.
  No, she knows.
  She knows.
  Yeah.
  Could be the case.
  Well, what we are doing tonight may be considered an abomination against God.
  And it's own right.
  We had a big goal tonight, which was to just say, podcast the ride live and see if people  came without us saying what the hell we were doing.
  And you all came and we really appreciate it.
  Yeah.
  Thank you.
  So really, we don't owe you anything.
  It's true.
  Yeah.
  You're seeing us.
  You're sitting in chairs in a theater.
  We fulfilled our obligations.
  The biggest prank of all.
  Goodbye.
  That was the idea.
  But we do, okay, we do have a topic.
  We thought of something to do.
  Uh-huh.
  And it's something we've been looking forward to doing for a very long time.
  And if I could consult my notes really fast, because to tell you what we're doing tonight,  we have to go all the way back to February 8th, 2001.
  The opening of Disney's California Adventure.
  Disneyland's second gate was unveiled to the worst reviews and poorest word of mouth  that the company had ever received.
  And most of the ire was reserved for one particular attraction.
  Yeah.
  This is, including us, a room of insane people.
  Get ready.
  Get ready, seasons of the vine.
  You're in our, you're in the fucking scope.
  No.
  Fucking hate shot.
  Nazis.
  Jeremy Irons taking him down a peg.
  No.
  My precious Mondavi wine movie.
  Don't say anything.
  No.
  You're in the fucking scope.
  No.
  Fucking hate shot.
  Nazis.
  Jeremy Irons taking him down a peg.
  No.
  My precious Mondavi wine movie.
  Don't say anything.
  So Jason.
  The early 2000s were a great time for Robert Mondavi.
  Bankruptcy.
  You know, California Park.
  He went bankrupt in the early 2000s.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, that's an episode.
  That's a second gate.
  Coming up, we're going to shit on Mondavi hard.
  But for now, we're going to shit on something else.
  A ride so hated that it became the first ride ever to close at Disney's California Adventure.
  Theme park tourists called this attraction unfunny, instantly dated, and creatively starved.
  We at Podcast Ride call it the perfect topic.
  Ladies and gentlemen, the name of the ride, let's all say it together.
  Superstar limo.
  Oh shit.
  Yeah.
  We're doing it.
  It's been dead for so long, but tonight and tonight only we are bringing it back to life here at Dynasty Typewriter.
  We're all going to go on the ride together.
  So with that being said, guys, let's bring out the limo.
  Oh, boy.
  Yay.
  Are we?  Are we?  Right there on the license plate.
  Hey, thanks to Aaron Gardner for building this little thing for us.
  Hey, wow.
  Oh, geez.
  Aaron, Aaron who makes, has designed all the shirts.
  Oh, yeah.
  The little girl.
  The Potanica shirt.
  Yeah, yeah.
  A round of applause for Aaron.
  Now her finest work, a bunch of sparkly stars taped onto garbage, which is now that, which is literally what this is.
  And yet this is not dissimilar from the actual ride vehicles of Superstar Limo.
  Should the limo be more straight?  Oh, wait.
  Well, you should swing out the, that side.
  Show the wheels, fellas.
  There we go.
  Yeah, there's wheels.
  Am I upside down?  No.
  No, you're right on.
  I'm good, right?  I was, I was thinking also, oh wait, you got the steering wheel.
  Oh yeah, the steering wheel.
  Hey, Mike's going to be our guide.
  He's going to take it for a spin.
  Hey, give us a steer.
  I was thinking also with this configuration, I guess Mike would be the pilot.
  I'm the gunner.
  The pilot of the, yeah.
  And Jason is unfortunately the engineer.
  The most stressful position on Millennial Falcon Smugglers.
  Anton Podcasts are it.
  Superstar Limo, you read one review of it.
  Denver's Rocky Mountain News called this attraction whelming.
  They called it whelming and then clarified in the next sentence, that is worse than under whelming.
  A layer below hell.
  Oh my God.
  So, I mean, okay, this attraction, it's kind of emblematic of everything that was wrong with California Adventure when it opened.
  If anybody else like me grew up around Disneyland and went all the time as a kid, you remember what a bummer era this was.
  Because we're still, the rocket rods are still fresh in our memory.
  Light magic.
  If anybody witnessed the fiasco that was light magic.
  It was all like, it was kind of like the Randy Quaid Anthony Michael Hall season of SNL.
  But it went on way longer, it was way more expensive.
  It was a bummer of a time.
  It really all culminated in this.
  And you went on this.
  No, no, no, I didn't go.
  I didn't go to, I felt so betrayed by the negative reviews that California Adventure was getting that I didn't step foot in the place until they added some better stuff.
  Jason, you also did not go on this.
  I did not, no.
  The first time I went to California Adventure was like 2006, so it was already Monsters Inc.
  I didn't go on it either.
  Mm-hmm.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Well, we're all talking to be fact-finding mission together then.
  But if I had to guess, I would guess that it sucked.
  Just call me crazy.
  That's my hypothesis.
  I mean, one of the big bummers about it is that the betrayal of Westcott's not happening in general.
  We were promised this crazy, beautiful park, and instead we got the world's biggest mural and that big orange and wine movie.
  I mean, there was a letdown to all of it.
  And then this in and of itself, even the bad idea of, we should say, a ride where you get in a limousine and it takes you around a kooky version of Hollywood.
  There was even apparently supposedly a better version of this that did not come to pass.
  Yeah, you were supposed to go into a recreation of the theme building.
  That's the building in the center of LAX that's kind of like, you know, very neatly designed.
  Had a restaurant in it called Encounters, which was former Imagineer Eddie Soto worked on in the 90s.
  So there was a Disney connection to it.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  But then the money had to get scaled back.
  And they ended up with, do you have a picture of the facade?  Do we end up with one of those?  I don't know that we do.
  Maybe we didn't.
  Well, the logo tells you something.
  With a beautiful, with a tribute to the 110 freeway.
  Seeing that fade homage to in a theme park and the idea of traffic.
  Great to remind people of.
  Is there an uglier sign in theme parks?  You mean, you're, you know, you're maybe competing with your, what were the, what was the sunglass?  What was like, there was like a dinosaur with sunglasses.
  That was great.
  That was great.
  Yeah.
  The dinosaur with the sunglasses.
  Oh no.
  I'm going to get, I'm going to get shouted down on this.
  I don't recall.
  I look, I have a vague sense of me not liking the typography, but I'd have to have it in front of me to know.
  All right.
  We'll figure it out.
  Again, there'll be an episode about it.
  We're going to stumble on 12 or so ideas, I'm sure.
  While we go.
  Of course, this was originally supposed to be a fast paced thrill ride where you avoided the paparazzi.
  Unfortunately, then the paparazzi killed Princess Diana and her lover, Dodi Afayed.
  Everyone always forgets Dodi, but don't forget Dodi.
  Thanks, Jason.
  Yes.
  Giving him a live.
  Yeah.
  So they, Disney very quickly were like, well, we cannot be trying to outrun the paparazzi in this ride.
  That is the most ghoulish thing imaginable.
  But that's where I start to wonder what's up.
  Because so the solution then is not to do a different ride.
  It's to do this ride, but slow and bad.
  Yes.
  Was there no other, nothing but the paparazzi could have been the villain of this?  Well, they talked about trying to clone Tower of Tower Rock and Roller Coaster, but those cost money that they did not have.
  We also almost got the Rock and Roller Coaster version with No Doubt.
  They were going to pay homage to the Orange County music scene, you know?  Of which I'm told No Doubt is part.
  I'm very cool.
  I know a lot about music.
  Were you guys reading the same Jim Hill article that I was?  Oh, my friend.
  I was reading that long ago.
  You read it when it first came out.
  I did.
  A Jim Hill original, yes.
  So yeah, I have all the stuff of what supposedly was in the ride.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  Even though, I mean, we will show you if you don't already know some of the things that were in this ride.
  But in the Jim Hill article and multiple theme park articles are like, oh, but what could have been?  And you read what could have been and you're like, I don't think that should have been either.
  Yeah.
  There's one thing I like and then the rest of it when they're describing it is like this was going to be better.
  I don't know.
  Well, do you say what you don't like?  Well, the stuff I like is that as you boarded your limousine, Disney CEO Michael Eisner would appear on the ride vehicle video screen and reminded you that you still hadn't signed the contract for your next picture.
  Finally, the Michael Eisner ride.
  There would have been a goddamn Michael Eisner ride, which is what we want.
  There's many episodes where I've like pined for like a hundred and fifty dollar figure of Michael Eisner.
  And maybe if this existed, that would have been a piece of merch because he was an in park character.
  Definitely would have been.
  Would he also have like spun around and played songs through Bluetooth?  I think he would have he would have been deactivated.
  But then at D23 two years ago, they would have been like, we've got a big announcement for Star Wars land.
  DJing in the Cantina, the robot of Michael Eisner.
  Hello, hello, hello.
  Hello, hello, hello.
  I'm the CEO of Cool Jams.
  So, yeah, so that that was part of it.
  And that's the best part in this gym.
  Jim Hale.
 Jim seems to think Jim seems to think a lot of this stuff is like very good, but I disagree.
  We come from different places, I think, in general.
  But did you read about the typical gag?  I sure did.
 But please, do you want me to read this?  Steer us to the great, the best gag that never was.
  OK, a typical a typical gag would have been and these are not my words.
  So I apologize.
 This is 2019.
 I would not use this terminology.
  A typical gag.
 What are you about to say?  You'll see.
 I'm not going to do anything crazy.
  A typical gag would have been as you roared up on tail.
  Oh, the pup, that famous Los Angeles area hot dog stand that shaped like what else?  A giant hot dog.
  You would have seen the back of this grotesquely fat man dressed in a white rhinestone studded jumpsuit.
  At the same time, you hear the unmistakable sound of flatulence.
  As your limo took the corner, you'd see that the man in rhinestone jumpsuit was actually Elvis Presley.
  As for the source of that breaking wind sound, you'd eventually see that the noise comes from the squeeze bottle of mustard that Elvis held in his hand.
  The king would give the bottle a few more squeezes, making even more whoopee cushion noises.
  As he squirted mustard out on his hot dog, Presley would say,  Thank you very much as our limo roared off into the darkness, the paparazzi again in hot pursuit.
  Yeah, so that sucks.
  Like that was the good one.
 That was like, you know, this is what you missed out on, folks.
  Yeah, that's like Jim Hill's Westcott.
  Oh, what could have been?  I don't.
 Yeah, he makes quick mention of another thing where you see an ad or something or that the three tenors, the three tenors are playing somewhere and then they turn around and it's one.
  He also says, but here it's a one fat guy with three heads.
  What? In LA? Where the tenors famously reside.
  That's what we're dealing with.
 And also, well, the the little the little slam.
  Did you guys come up? Yeah, yeah.
 Michael Eisner supposedly like.
 Yeah, yeah.
  That you would come up on Dream Jerks Studio.
  Eat shit, Katzenberg.
 Eat it.
  The average tourist is like, what a burn on Jeffrey Katzenberg.
  About time alternate versions Warner Bastards.
  20th century fucks.
  That's pretty good.
  Can I try one?  Yeah, I bet it.
 United Fartists.
  Hell, yes.
  I think you understand the superstar limbo.
  I think I got it.
 Submit your spec.
  I think I'll hire you.
 The Mary Pickford account.
  Very upset by that joke.
  So people were going to build this ride.
  That's that was the plan for a while.
  People are excited about that.
  Oh, and by the by the way, then at the end, Michael Eisner reappears.
  And it's something like, well, you know,  you got caught by the paparazzi too many times, you know,  can't have somebody involved in scandals representing the Disney company.
  So you would have been you in the limo would have been the first James Gunn.
  Well, that was one of the blues guys.
  You're on your way to one of those parties that he got in so much trouble for.
  So he tells you like better luck next time, kid.
  So you don't you lose the ride.
  It's a less exciting Radiator Springs where you always lose  instead of a big mater.
  It's Michael Eisner on a TV.
  It's just like the Millennium Falcon ride.
  You always lose.
  Every time we got off it, it was like things were broken on the walls.
  Yeah, we only lost and lost less.
  Yes, we lost.
  So people this is we're going to do this.
  This is great.
  Then the then the death of Princess Diana.
  We got to change course.
  Other rides too expensive.
  So we got to go full speed ahead with this.
  So they have to read they have to reconfigure what this ride is going to be.
  And it ends up being something that's a little more complicated.
  It's a little more about about puns and the so the thing does get built.
  And right.
  You know, there's a little sample of it right before you get onto the ride.
  The cast member says, how many in your entourage?  Yes, correct.
  They should have gotten an audience and said that.
  And then they're like, well, we're going to do this.
  And then they're like, well, we're going to do this.
  They should have gotten an audience and said that and heard them groan.
  I have changed some minds.
  The voice over in the queue said the white curbs are for loading and unloading.
  No schmoozing.
  Yeah, this is all this is Hollywood as inspired by like one of those maps you could buy in the 90s where everything was drawn in like bad, mad, mad ripoff style, not mad TV style.
  What are you saying?  Like bad, mad magazine style, like those souvenir maps that were like cartoony.
  Do you mean the ones you would fold in?  Yeah, kind of.
  No, like like when you would go to a theme park, they would like sell maps to or like you go to cities that had like, look, the Empire State Building, the Statue of Liberty.
  It was kind of like cartoony and you could hang it up on the wall.
  And I'm the only one who bought one of these pieces of garbage.
  Does anyone know what he's talking about?  Thank you.
  Like, novelty maps that were like posters.
  So there would be like jokes on them or something?  Kind of, yeah.
  Not even jokes?  Not even jokes, really.
  Very much like this ride.
  But what the ride lacks in comedy that works, it makes up for in, well, terror.
  It's almost scarier than the Haunted Mansion.
  Wait, first of all, well, let me say one thing first.
  The exterior, okay, so they like, they were going to build the LAX theme building, that big cool pod.
  But instead they do something different.
  They build a recreation of Union Station.
  And so you go into Union Station and you walk in and then you are inside, you're seeing baggage carousels and you're inside LAX.
  What?  It's the train station and then you're in LAX.
  Already, like, something's wonky.
  And then you wind through these like, just like depressing TSA kind of corridors.
  So this is, okay, this is a real picture of the queue on this ride.
  And look how.
.
.
  This is like Ellis Island or something.
  Yeah.
  What was that?  The limo's in the way of the screen.
  Oh, sure.
  The limo's in the.
.
.
  Well, you're missing out.
  Is that better?  Which one?  Just imagine the hallway where you've been the saddest.
  That's what it looks like.
  I am using the limo for warmth now as I am directly under the air conditioner.
  And I've been slowly putting my sleeves down as we start the show.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Deflect it.
  Yes.
  Turn on the heat.
  So, okay, so then you get on the ride itself.
  And the very first thing you do on the ride is go into a dark tunnel.
  You know, not at all like the one Princess Diana died in.
  Like, still a limo in a dark tunnel.
  But then there's a little flash of light.
  And you meet one of the most unique characters in Theme Park.
  You know that we love our original characters that are only found in the theme parks.
  But I don't know that we describe the word love to Swiftie LaRue.
  We have a little taste of Swiftie here and just to experience him for yourself.
  Welcome to Hollywood.
  Look at sensation as always.
  Listen, I'll have your contract for you at the premiere, okay?  Just get to the Chinese Theater pronto.
  You hear me?  Everybody's waiting to be.
  Now don't be late, babe.
  Don't worry.
  We'll get you there in time.
  So that's Swiftie LaRue.
  Did anyone when they when that played accidentally at the start, did anyone go, oh, shit, it's Swiftie LaRue.
  Good on you.
  You know what's up.
  I'm a little free spoiler.
  And you're and you love Swiftie.
  Who doesn't love Swiftie?  You're my favorite audience members.
  The ones who love Swiftie.
  What do you guys think Swiftie had to do to climb the ladder to get to this Hollywood agent position?  I feel like you have an idea in your head.
  I have just been think I've been trying to figure out like I feel like he started at the mail room at one of the big agencies and then he covered up like an embarrassing like it's like he flushed the drugs or like he covered up someone like almost swallowing their tongue or something.
  That honestly not so bad.
  Like there's worse things people could cover up.
  So he got off in light if that's it.
  Oh, OK.
  He killed Jim Belushi.
  Jim Belushi.
  Jim Belushi.
  Oh, oh, somebody check on Jim Belushi.
  I have an alibi.
  I was on stage.
  He's got a plastic knife in his throat.
  Jason and Swiftie LaRue orchestrated Jim Belushi's murder.
  You lure him to a trap with a trail of harmonicas to a large box with a stick holding it up.
  What if the guest was Jim Belushi and he was going to play some harmonica for you?  That would be awesome actually.
  We're going to hand it over to a good buddy of ours.
  Do something a little different tonight.
  A little less theme park stuff.
  I think you're going to enjoy it.
  He wants to talk to you about muddy waters.
  Although, here's the theme park connection.
  The Buena Park Portillo's.
  There's a picture of Jim Belushi in there.
  And there's a picture of Jim Belushi in every Portillo's nationwide.
  Not a joke.
  I grew up with that photo in Chambrig, Illinois.
  In your home, right?  Yeah, I had a copy made.
  When you said Hail Satan, you were referring to Jim Belushi.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So, Swiftie LaRue.
  I'm just glad that now it's 2019 and we know that Swiftie LaRue has finally been brought to justice.
  His brother Bob LaRue took over the LaRue Company who knew nothing.
  That's the basis for him, right?  You'd have to think.
  Harvey Weinstein has to be the basis for him.
  Surely there was no one else in Hollywood who was like that besides him.
  He was the only one.
  So, that's my assumption.
  Creepy, hairy-chested cigar-chomper who says Capiche and Babe and why?  Was there ever this Hollywood?  Did Michael Eisner come up in this Hollywood?  Did he get phones thrown at him as a mailroom guy?  And he's fond of the word Capiche and some bizarro.
.
.
  I feel like it only exists in Wag the Dog or The Player or something like that.
  These movies.
  Showbiz movies.
  Yeah.
  One director was told Capiche once and he never forgot it.
  It's like growing up on the East Coast.
  Anytime you watch something set in LA, you're like, God, I guess everyone's eating at Spago and Chin Chin all the time.
  That's the only restaurant.
  Well, speaking of LA stuff.
  Let's play the character of this ride.
  Swiftie told us that he's got a contract for us if we can get to the Chinese theater.
  So, we all got to get to the Chinese theater.
  And Mike, you're the navigator.
  So, how are we going to do it?  How are we going to do it?  Because if we're taking the actual route of the ride, if we're going to.
.
.
  Because they represent.
.
.
  It's a little like cartoon representations of different parts of LA.
  You LA natives will appreciate all that.
  All the inside references.
  So, here's the path that you're to the most.
  What's the clearest way from LAX to the Chinese theater?  Well, it would probably be from LAX to Rodeo Drive to the Sunset Strip to Bel Air to Malibu to Muscle Beach.
  And then to the Chinese theater.
  You're not going to be able to see this listening at home, but I did the liberty of throwing this into a Google map.
  Yeah, let me just bring that up right here.
  Oh, sure.
  There you are.
  Everybody can see it.
  Three hours and nine minutes.
  Well, that's if you're.
.
.
  Covers 86.
8 miles.
  It's 86.
8 miles, but that's if you're in a car like you and me.
  But remember, this isn't your Princess Diana death mobile.
  This is a slow moving limousine.
  So let's say, let's be generous and say 10 miles per hour.
  Then probably you're getting to your premiere in like eight hours, 40 minutes.
  So you're welcome for doing the math, superstar limo.
  I'm spending my time well.
  So say, so Mike, take us off.
  Let's go.
  Okay, so here let me get the wheel.
  Yeah.
  Here we go.
  Whoa.
  We're driving.
  I'm going to buckle in.
  Oh, no.
  Before we started, of course, we were watching a TV show hosted by Joan Rivers.
  Oh, yeah.
  Hey, Swiftie's not the only terrifying puppet in town.
  I never touched puppet Joan.
  So yeah, so before that, she gave like a gossip report about Brad Pitt.
  Oh, I don't know.
  I don't remember what Joan does.
  Oh, well, she's just, she's in the queue.
  And she is just like, oh my God, Brad Pitt.
  And who is he?  Was he with Aniston at the time?  Aniston maybe.
  Jennifer Aniston.
  And there's just some bullshit.
  And like, it's like, it's like one of the old E shows she did, except, you know, she looks way terrifying.
  Sure.
  Oh, the queue also reminds you don't wear white after Labor Day.
  Like some mismanner's ass bullshit.
  Yeah.
  Never understood that.
  It's always after Labor Day.
  It's after a Labor Day at all times.
  Yeah.
  Don't get it.
  Yes.
  But so, well, so the thing is why Eisner no longer wanted to appear in the ride.
  A, he was probably starting to think maybe this is not a good idea and I don't want to be on this ride anymore.
  But also the ride's getting more cartoony, right?  You got, we got it.
  Well, it should be like a cartoon agent guy.
  And that's where you get Swifty from.
  A live action Michael Eisner is not going to fit.
  And as they're putting this thing together, they realize that puns alone are not going to make this ride a success.
  And they need to introduce some of Hollywood's most gettable stars.
  Stars under contract to ABC.
  Yes.
  Who's got a development deal?  So let's start meeting some stars.
  First of all, hey, you know him, you love him.
  You know his name.
  My final answer.
  Yeah.
  Regis.
  Regis Philbin.
  I know.
  How's that? Can we see that in general?  Is it still hard up here, over here?  I'm sorry.
  Well again, well we have to describe it for the people at home anyway.
  Regis is wearing a berth, like a ribbon, like a packing present ribbon on his jacket.
  And he's, he's in a building where the doorknob is a big gem.
  And he's flapping money around.
  And that's the beginning of the ride.
  We're kicking off with this.
  Keep in mind that there is now, as of the last few weeks, a ride where a very real Hondo Wanaka does movements as real as any of us are doing.
  And 20 years ago it was this.
  And 20 years ago they just decided to do stuff a Jerry Mahoney doll.
  The ventriloquist puppet and then wiggle his head around.
  It is so scary.
  I had to just do this.
  Let's just zoom in a couple times.
  Alright, here he comes closer.
  Watch out one more time.
  Ah!  Look at his lifeless dead eyes.
  This is scarier than Snow White's scary adventure.
  Holy shit.
  Was the flower in his lapel supposed to be a poppy like remembering those who died in the fields of Flanders?  What?  It looked like a poppy.
  What are you talking, what is that reference?  Like a poppy, like around Armistice Day.
  In England people wear poppies to remember the war dead.
  Scott, do you know stuff about Armistice Day?  Certainly not.
  It's still Veterans Day here.
  Okay, so Armistice Day is Veterans Day.
  In Europe they're commemorating World War I.
  Much more gruesome for them, much more dead.
  I am not trying to make fun of you, you are smarter than me.
  This is a thing people should know about, this is real information.
  Yeah, people wear poppies, like yeah.
  And British politicians get in trouble if they don't have a big enough poppy or something.
  I'm saying Regis's flower looked like a poppy.
  Well, let's take a look.
  Like a blue poppy, but a ploppy nonetheless.
  It's like a bow.
  It's a ribbon.
  It looks like a gouache ball.
  That would have been, I mean this is a real late 90s, early 2000s,  like the only thing missing is the pets.
com dog,  and like a Borders books, like if they went through a Borders books.
  So, that probably.
.
.
  Why there's Rob Thomas.
  If they owned Borders, that would probably have happened.
  Alright, so.
.
.
  Back in the car, back in the car.
  Nightmare Regis, out of the way, in the rear view mirror.
  Oh, we got my favorites maybe coming up.
  Yeah.
  So vivacious.
  Should we not say and see if people know?  Oh, that's a good way to put it.
  Because the first time I saw this, I had no idea.
  So, here they are.
  If you know the answer, don't say anything.
  But how many people know who these celebrities are?  Okay.
  That's like 15%, I feel like.
  And they're a couple in real life.
  That's a hint in 2001.
  Anybody want to take a wild guess?  Tony and Van Der Aerts.
  Melanie's crew.
  Very good, very good.
  My first guess, Robert Wagner and Vanna White.
  That does not look like Antonio Banderas.
  And you're also confused, because who likes.
.
.
  What celebrities famously love milkshakes?  Who are always seen with big frosty milkshakes.
  I also, I have a theory, which is that this mold for Antonio Banderas  was later repurposed to make Alec Baldwin in Team America.
  They just like puffed the jowls with an air cannon.
  And that was the end of that.
  Yeah, Team America looks better, honestly, than these weird puppet robots.
  Maybe they said to make it look a little bad.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The next one's not much better.
  No, there's another good guessing game, and don't say it if you know already.
  But maybe even more, like, ooh, the hell.
  Let's take a look.
  I'm getting there.
  Mmm.
  Throw out a guess.
  Human woman.
  If you have them, I'd memorize, don't say.
  But if you truly didn't know before tonight, throw out a guess.
  Vitamin C!  We could.
  Top it, like, appropriate.
  Get in here on the podcast mics, we got vitamin C.
  That's a good guess.
  Really good guess.
  Possibly on Disney's Disney Channel.
  That's a good guess.
  Really good guess.
  Possibly on Disney's label at the time, we don't know.
  Could have been.
  Any other guesses?  Julia Roberts.
  Julia Roberts, good guess.
  I thought we might get that and that it's some kind of pretty woman reference,  because this is, it's a little prostitute-y.
  It's a bit judgy, Scott.
  I'm sorry, I just, I don't know.
  She's having a good time, all that.
  She can dress how she wants to.
  Yeah, hell yeah.
  I'm not, I'm not trying to shame.
  Any other guesses?  Cindy Crawford.
  Yeah, that's it.
  Cindy Crawford is the answer.
  Cindy Crawford, yes.
  And your prize is nothing.
  Her famous mole.
  She's got her famous mole.
  It is there, yes.
  And she's holding up a clam.
  What's up?  It's like she's trying to hypnotize you with something.
  And she's in front of, we really haven't pointed out some of the really fun store names.
  Oh, hell yeah.
  Dollars and cents.
  Dollars and cents.
  Cents spelled in the other way, not in the money way, but with an S at the top.
  And there's a lot like that.
  One of those Gemma Hill articles said that they weren't even going to do the celebrities.
  It was just going to be this shit.
  It was going to be plywood signs and then not, I mean, love them or hate them and probably hate them.
  At least it's something to talk about.
  If there weren't these creepoids on this ride, you'd never remember it at all.
  Yeah, I'm trying to, I guess, does it make it better?  Do these characters make the ride better?  They make them more interesting, but I don't know about better.
  Oh, can I introduce the next one and then you hit the slide?  Oh, yeah.
  So you want to say it and then I'll hit the slide?  I'll say it and then you'll hit the slide.
  Got it.
  Hold your, yeah.
  Wait, hold on a second.
  Is it the next celebrity?  Yeah, it's the next celebrity.
  Okay, I hope this is right.
  Well, we've got it memorized.
  Okay, I'll know by your intro.
  Go.
  Hold your sides, everyone.
  It's funny man and convicted cocaine dealer Tim Allen.
  There he is.
  My favorite part about this and I really should have gotten a clip of it is they play music during this part, a real brief snippet of music that is a sound alike to the home improvement theme.
  It is not the home improvement theme, but it's like, like, and it's just adjacent to it.
  I think they all ABC obviously owns home improvement.
  But the composer was like, you got to have standards guys.
  I'm not giving away boo to just anybody.
  That would have made the ride way better.
  Yeah, yeah.
  A ride that played the home improvement theme.
  Disney's most beloved piece of music probably in a little while.
  Yeah.
  And if it was still around, they would have just changed it to the last man standing.
  Is that his show theme?  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  We just flipped it and yeah.
  Yeah.
  Laughter Shocks is the nightclub.
  Yeah.
  That's what they were going for.
  Laughter Shocks is not too PC to have Tim Allen perform.
  We welcome every Louis could perform at Laughter Shocks.
  Just put your phones in that bag.
  Put your phones in the weird Ziploc bag.
  Zip them up folks.
  We should have had you guys zip your phones in a bag before this.
  Yeah, put your phones in the bag.
  In case Jason melts down on stage tonight.
  We don't want that captured.
  Put your phones in the bag.
  You're going to be laughing too much.
  You'll drop your phone and crack the screen.
  You're going to be laughing too much.
  You'll need your hands to hold your sides, everyone.
  Let me take a brief second out of the celebrities.
  There is a reference to character Swifty LaRue here.
  Right there.
  Laughter  Even at his sloppiest, Telly Savalas never looked that bad.
  Even at his sloppiest.
  You got to dress right, baby.
  You got to dress well.
  He's on the cover of Star Maker magazine.
  There may be some people here not from the Los Angeles area.
  If you're looking to move here, stay here, if you're looking for an agent or something,  just look for an ad where somebody says they will make you a star.
  Check how many medallions he's wearing and how many hair follicles are on his open chest.
  If it's upwards of 60, then sign that contract.
  Free assessment is what this says.
  This is not a good idea.
  I feel like in the narrative of the ride, he is legitimate.
  Yeah.
  But this is not the ad for a legitimate businessman in Los Angeles.
  Maybe the contract he's having you sign is that billion-year contract with Scientology.
  It would be a good commentary of a ride if it all turned out to be a Scientology scam.
  Honestly, yeah, makes a lot of sense.
  Then it's actually satire.
  Looking at that image reminds me, this feels like the time to point out that this ride opened February 2001, closed January 2002,  which means people likely walked off Superstar Limo and learned about the September 11th attacks.
  People were like, Star Maker, what the fuck?  And they came out, what happened?  Why do we have to leave the park?  Why are they closing the park for the day?  What's that? Planes?  That's the second most depressing thing that's happened today.
  All right, well.
  Let's stay around here, Mike, quick.
  That's why I wanted the phones in a little bag.
  That's just how time works.
  That's just how the window of time happens.
  Don't put just that clip online, please.
  It's in the podcast already.
  It's in the podcast.
  It's in the podcast.
  It's in the podcast.
  It's in the podcast.
  It's in the podcast.
  It's in the podcast.
  It's in the podcast.
  It's in the podcast.
  It's in the podcast already.
  It's public.
  OK, well, let's say to get to get to something lighter, let's go to a star who we all love.
  He's introduced with the line, care to rumble?  Hey, Jackie Chan.
  Jackie Chan.
  There he is.
  You recognize him anywhere.
  In his famous clothes.
  Look at him go.
  He was just filming a movie where he escaped from prison.
  He's the only one because everybody else so far has a ABC or Disney connection.
  Well, Jackie Chan definitely has.
  Well, that's what I found.
  Yeah.
  You say it then.
  I'm looking for.
  No, say it because I don't remember the exact thing.
  Chan sang the title song for the Chinese release of Disney's 1990 animated hit Beauty and the Beast.
  Yes.
  Jackie Chan is a trained opera singer.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But then he provided the voice of Shang for both the Cantonese and Mandarin versions of the studio's 1998 release Mulan.
  Also, I think Beauty and the Beast is that was not 1990, right?  Or was it 91?  Hmm.
  I believe that one.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's my kind of room where everybody's murmuring.
  Disney release date.
  Yes.
  Love it.
  Hey, where does Mickey go if he needs to make a call?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Hell yeah.
  All right.
  Thanks for indulging that one.
  I use the den.
  My dream.
  I finally realized.
  Okay.
  So is Jackie Chan maybe a good point to start talking about the remodeling that went down?  Because we sort of alluded to this.
  If you go to Disneyland or Disney's California Adventure today, you get on the Monster's Inc.
  Monster's Inc.
  Mike and Scully to the Rescue.
  The title-y named attraction.
  Scully.
  Is it Scully?  Mike Scully to the Rescue?  Mike Scully.
  Simpsons writer Mike Scully to the Rescue.
  Again, all this inside Hollywood stuff on these rides, they got to broaden out.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Mike and Scully to the Rescue.
  And when you get into that ride, first of all, the ride vehicles are the same.
  They just painted them yellow and then they turned them into cabs.
  And then the other big change, there's a bunch of hazmat suits.
  I forget the name of the characters.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Again, my kind of room.
  So they're all in hazmat suits and they're looking for boo.
  Boo.
  Sorry.
  I really.
.
.
  Yeah!  Love a crowd that knows how to boo.
  So boo's out in the city, the hazmat suits, and the hazmat suits, next time you go on  it, are in some pretty familiar poses.
  Take a look at this side by side and you may notice a foot up in the air, like Jackie Chan,  also dangling off of a wire.
  Yeah.
  And so that's how.
.
.
  They needed to get this ride gone as fast as humanly possible.
  What can we throw in here?  The monsters ended up being the solution.
  They just put new suits on the guys.
  The other.
.
.
  And this one's also pretty notable.
  Let's take a look at Drew Carey.
  So, yeah, this is a regular Drew.
  Okay.
  Of course, by the way, selling maps to the stars homes.
  Of course.
  Why?  Why?  And there he is.
  Now, I don't know if you guys came across this, but somebody makes a very good point  online, and I should have a source I don't.
  This is not my thought, is that his head wouldn't fit under that helmet.
  Ah, yeah.
  So there's a very good chance there's a headless Drew Carey under that hazmat suit.
  I think I know how to fix Buzzy.
  He's all grown up.
  Screw her in.
  Yeah.
  So what a fun ride.
  Jason, do you have info about.
.
.
  Because there were some other.
.
.
  They were talking about how do we get a ride in here as fast as possible.
  Yes.
  Okay.
  So there was a couple.
.
.
  They were going to try rethinking it to Goofy Superstar Limo, where they would have repurposed  statues from closed Disney stores throughout the ride of all the biggins, all Mickey and  Minnie and Donald and all the big guys.
  Fantasia brooms.
  There were like 700 fantasia brooms.
  The other idea, and this was very blue sky, was turning it into Miss Piggy Superstar Limo,  where the muppets would slowly, the rumor is, slowly be refurbishing the ride.
  So as the weeks went on, there'd be more and more muppets with scaffolding.
  You would ride through an active construction site with gradually more and more muppets going,  yeah, this is a piece of junk, right?  We got to get her ready for Piggy.
  That was the dream.
  That would have been awesome.
  Yeah, that would have been good.
  That would have been great.
  I have some punch ups if we could bring it back now with today's celebrities.
  Oh, go ahead.
  Yes, if we're bringing Superstar Limo back.
  Here's Constance.
  Whoa.
  Devastated to hear her show has been renewed.
  Let's take a turn into the quickly gentrifying neighborhood of Frogtown.
  Who's that buying a sandwich named after Ira Glass?  Gad Zooks.
  It's Hollywood gadfly, Josh Gad.
  I'm a robot.
  Here's Robert Downey Jr.
 in his wheelbarrow of vitamins.
  There's the Capitol Records building.
  Who do you need?  You need someone who can sing all songs.
  It's Meghan Trainor.
  And who's that in the booth next door?  Why, it's all 10 members of South Korean boy band NCT 127.
  Not to be confused with the original NCT, which has 21 members,  or NCT U, another offshoot of NCT.
  The Korean music industry is weird.
  All that gets said and the ride has come to a full stop.
  And it lurches forward.
  That is who they would get, definitely who they would get.
  Here's the voice of Hades, James Woods.
  He's lost his voice today.
  Oh, he's just there, he's just waving.
  He can't say anything.
  Thank God.
  That's better, James.
  Oh boy, who have we not seen?  Who can we find out who?  There's two more robots.
  This is where it starts to get a little condescending  with the way they set out these last two stars.
  Yeah, yes indeed.
  The always entertaining Cher.
  The always entertaining Cher.
  It's like what a mad uncle says about a nephew they don't like.
  Yeah.
  It's entertaining, it's always something.
  This is the best one.
  Yeah, yeah.
  This is the best one.
  Not bad.
  Not bad, not that scary.
  Looks like her, great.
  The person herself is like plasticine enough that it's like,  enough of an analog.
  Not so bad.
  The last one they totally ran out of steam on,  Hollywood favorite Whoopi Goldberg.
  Yeah.
  Hollywood favorite, that's it, Hollywood favorite.
  That's like if you came up to us after the show and said,  it looked like you guys were having a lot of fun up there.
  That is the equivalent of that, a comment no one ever wants to hear.
  Whoopi Goldberg, of course, in February 2001,  the world's most relevant movie star,  everyone was still reeling from the release of her last film,  2000's More Dogs Than Bones.
  A film so special it was only released theatrically in Italy.
  True fact.
  I have a picture of that, but it's not in my slideshow.
  Oh, damn it.
  Look up More Dogs Than Bones later.
  I can do it now.
  It's got Joe Montagna in a different place than Whoopi Goldberg,  poorly photoshopped together.
  It's a beautiful piece of art, print it out, frame it.
  There's also like a very odd,  self-referential theme park moment in this where you go to Beverly Hills  shortly before this scene and a floating head says,  agents, execs, producers beyond, give us a sign, the green light is on.
  Shoot me in the fucking face.
  Like, I have never said this before on the show.
  This ride is straight trash.
  Like, this is like the worst.
  Is that by the leota head?  Yeah, it's supposed to be like the leota head.
  Do you know that? Look at that.
  So that's the great Madame Leota reference.
  This is a scary, it's a weird projected head with a wig.
  This would have been rounded up in one of the flesh fairs in AI, doused with oil.
  Also, I read this only in one source, and I don't know how much I can believe it,  but I think the voice of it was Melissa Joan Hart.
  Really?  Does anyone know the answer? Is that right?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  All right.
  I heard her famous voice, of course.
  Very distinct.
  Having an audience is really easy because we can fact check right away.
  Uh-huh.
  And Jason gets validation when he's talking about poppies or whatever.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Yeah, he's doing a podcast with two dummies.
  Yeah, I mean, the thing is, I think it's a little bit of a surprise  that Melissa Joan Hart, they had her on the hook for a lot of stuff, I feel like, in the night.
  Like it'd be another now one could be like,  there's Elizabeth Olsen reprising her role as Scarlet Witch, a role they never finished writing.
  The character's not really fleshed out.
  Well, she will be on the Disney Plus show.
  Yeah.
 They just got those poor Marvel people forever.
  Yeah.
 You sign a, what's the bad contract that Swiftie makes you sign?  The millionaire contract.
  The billionaire, yeah.
  Yeah, that's what they all signed.
  Uh-huh.
  Do you think we could get everybody here, this is what, like 190 people and us,  could we get everybody to agree to go in on one Disney Plus account?  We all share the, that's the plan.
  Now we got value, password, Swiftie.
  Oh boy.
  The only thing watched on that one account is the Imagineering documentary series.
  Yeah.
 For sure.
  Well, we've covered a lot of stuff here.
  I mean, we've like wound our way through this ride.
  Yeah, let's keep the train rolling.
  The Malibu hillsides having fires and mudslides like I did not age well.
  Didn't age at the time well.
  Was that funny in 2001?  For some people it definitely wasn't.
  Yeah.
  Eisner lived in Bel Air, so he's in Katzenberg, lived in Malibu.
  So let's slide it up.
  There's, I found on Monsters Inc, there's a, supposedly this is a reference to  Superstar Limo.
  There's a thing that says top 10 ways to get fired that's on a bulletin board.
  And number eight is post scare reports on Ain't It Cruel News.
  Brutal, just brutal.
  The legacy of groans continued.
  Yeah.
  Oh boy.
  It's a lot of great.
  I'm just, I'm feeling like, do we need to like, kind of like speed this thing up or  something?  Do we need to like, I like, with that level of pun, I just, I feel like we're in like  a weird, we're in like a seedy area here in our, in our limo trip.
  I guess, yeah.
  And I feel like maybe we need to like keep this thing rolling so we can get, maybe see  if Swiftie's got a contract for us.
  Yeah.
  Huh.
  Oh, there's a hitchhiker.
  Whoa.
  For anyone listening at home, there is a white outstretched hand that seems to want to hitch  a ride.
  From us.
  I mean we do have a long limo.
  We have a lot of room.
  This thing is spacious.
  What are you talking about?  We're not picking up a hitchhiker.
  It's crazy.
  Come on, live a little Michael.
  It's not every day you're doing a live show in a limo.
  Just think about it like having Sprite for breakfast, you know?  Living on the edge.
  I appreciate you doing that reference, but I still think it's a bad idea to pick up a  strange hitchhiker.
  Huh, I guess so.
  I don't know.
  You know what?  I'm making the call for us.
  I may be the gunner.
  I'm going to bring him on.
  Hey, you know what?  We got plenty of room.
  Come on board, stranger.
  Sing, sing.
  No.
  No.
  Sing, sing.
  No.
  Sing, sing.
  Yeah.
  Oh my God.
  All right, all right, all right.
  No.
  I'm high-tailing this.
  You're my idea.
  You're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're.
  You're Cues, you understand?  Because I'm Bugsy Bones.
  And I'm, I'm hijacking this here podcast the right you understand?  I want to ruin it.
  I want to ruin it.
  So mind your Ps and Qs and guess what?  If you don't like what I have to say, you gotta amscray.
  You gotta, you gotta, if you don't like it, you gotta amscray.
  You're minding your Ps and Qs.
  While you were, while you were, while you were back, because I'm not going back to sing sing.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  Folks, I want to tell this whole thing and ruin it all.
  For the listener at home, it's Bugsy Bones from the great movie ride episode.
  He's back.
  Yeah.
  Oh my God.
  I hope.
  Shut up.
  Mind your Ps and Qs.
  No, no, no.
  Bugsy, no.
  Are you going to get the lead?  No, no, no.
  He want it?  Hey.
  He want the lead?  No.
  Hey.
  He want the lead?  Not to our audience, Bugsy.
  He want the lead?  He want to mind the Ps?  What?  What are you saying?  He want them and a Q?  What are you asking?  I don't understand.
  I don't get what you're asking either.
  He want them and a Q?  What?  Why are you even here?  He's thrusting in front of us.
  This is terrible.
  I don't get it.
  I'm trying to ruin this thing.
  What do you mean?  Why?  We were having a perfectly good time.
  Why are you, you came back to find us again.
  What is it that you have against us?  Why are you, you came back to find us again?  Why are you, you came back to find us again?  I don't like him.
  Yeah, that's right.
  I hate fresh air with Terry Gross.
  I think she is Terry Gross.
  I don't like him.
  Boo.
  Boo him.
  Boo him.
  That was terrible.
  No, he wants it.
  No, don't do that.
  Yeah, that's right.
  I think the Dope Boys are a bunch of dorks.
  I give them one part.
  I ain't bought that.
  No.
  I ain't bought that.
  No.
  I ain't bought that.
  No.
  I ain't bought that.
  No.
  I ain't bought that.
  No.
  No.
  No.
  I ain't bought that.
  No.
  I ain't bought that.
  No.
  No.
  They're our friends.
  That's right.
  No.
  They stink like poo.
  What?  What you gonna do?  I ain't bought that.
  I hate him.
  Look.
  No.
  No.
  Don't do that.
  The middle part of the limo.
  He gingerly placed her prop limo on the ground.
  Bugsie.
  I ain't bought that.
  No.
  I ain't bought that.
  My wife worked on that.
  Bugsie.
  What else you got?  What, you have a script?  It's a script.
  I'm not a script.
  I'm not a script.
  I'm not a script.
  You have a script?  He's got more.
  He's got more reps and no item.
  Somebody in the audience take him.
  Wait, almost.
  It's hard to see.
  I understand.
  You're standing under a light.
  I wrote this down.
  God damn it.
  Jason, help him out.
  We'll get it done quicker.
  No.
  Podcast, blah, blah, blah.
  I want to go to the Coco Bunga Cha Cha.
  I hate podcasts.
  That's what we waited for?  Podcast, podcast, they stink.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  They stink.
  More than Jar Jar Binks, I hate podcasts.
  Oh.
  Boo.
  Podcast Save America makes me sick.
  Podcast Save America can take my dick.
  I hate podcasts.
  Oh my God.
  This is too much.
  For those of you listening at home, he's dancing and jumping around.
  It's very impressive, but I hate it.
  I hate him.
  No.
  No.
  Cut him off.
  Cut the track.
  Cut him off.
  Cut the track.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  No.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  I hate podcasts.
  No.
  I hate podcasts.
  Be quiet, everybody.
  Just be quiet, everybody, just be quiet.
  Cut the track.
  Cut the music.
  No.
  Boo.
  Boo him, boo him.
  Boo.
  Boo.
  Boo.
  No.
  Boo.
  He's going into the audience to hear the boos better.
  Really milking it.
  I eat your boos.
  Oh, you're standing, Bugsy.
  You're crushing the tire, Bugsy.
  Bugsy.
  You've just cost upwards of $9, Bugsy.
  Hey, hey, hey.
  I'm in there.
  All right, Bugsy.
  Get out.
  Bugsy, the audience doesn't like you.
  Oh, they love me.
  Don't you, audience?  Yeah.
  That's right.
  Tell him.
  Tell him.
  I like it.
  No.
  I like it.
  No.
  I like it.
  He's sucking a Tommy gun.
  I like to suck a Tommy gun.
  Bugsy, these are people online.
  They said they don't like you.
  Here's a couple comments that actually are real.
  Oh, man.
  Oh, man.
  Oh, man.
  Oh, man.
  Oh, man.
  Oh, man.
  Oh, man.
  Oh, this is on Twitter.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I've heard them all at Sink Sink.
  No.
  No.
  Seethers says, also, while I'm talking podcasts, I like podcasts right after a Batman live episode,  but the great movie right episode made me drop it.
  I couldn't stand the stupid Bugsy Malone shtick being dragged on and on constantly.
  It wasn't funny to me and actually got annoying.
  You know what I say to that commenter?  What?  Ampskade.
  No.
  The last part of the limo has been gingerly kicked down.
  He tipped to the final panel.
  No.
  Ampskade.
  You son of a bitch.
  Hey, T's, Q's.
  Q's, okay.
  Okay, I'm going to high tail the car here.
  The car you made be on the ground.
  All the way to Sink Sink to bust out my friends.
  Oh no.
  Do you understand?  Yeah.
  Okay, so I'm hijacking your whole thing and they love me, these guys.
  Okay.
  They love me.
  Is that so?  That's not true, right?  Well, let's just, I guess we just try to do the rest of the podcast.
  Should we try to just keep doing the episode maybe and see if this doesn't get in the way?  Because we had more great facts about Superstar Limo locked and loaded and we might never get  them out now.
  We might not get to find out if we get that contract from Swiftie.
  Bugsy's ruined it all.
  Like the cast of the Drew Carey show begrudgingly went on this ride.
  What?  Interesting, huh?  For the Rosie O'Donnell talk show.
  You shut your mouth.
  Okay.
  Okay, keep going.
  All right, well, oh, oh, oh, the merchandise.
  Was it?  There was a little merch.
  Okay, there was a little merchandise and you could buy like a poster, but they also had.
  Do it quick, Mike.
  He's got a gun on you.
  Okay.
  They had this like little toy here and you're like, Donald would be driving on Pluto and  then Mickey.
  So like they were the Superstar Limo.
  That's interesting, right?  Because they weren't on the ride and they were in the merch.
  Yeah, that actually looks pretty fun.
  So that's funny.
  Yeah.
  How many of these were me, dude?  Huh?  How many of these?  You're talking about Hollywood?  I'll take you to Hollywood and Vine right now and show you the real Hollywood.
  Huh?  What?  What does that mean?  None of this Mickey Mouse.
  Hollywood and Vine is where the Arclight is, right?  Hollywood and Vine is a wonderful place.
  So Starbucks and a 33 taps.
  It's like, but it's different.
  The Schwab's drug store isn't there anymore.
  There's no.
  All right.
  Peace and Q.
  Okay.
  Sorry.
  Sorry.
  We have to think of stuff interesting enough to make Bugsy not shoot us.
  Yeah.
  Well, well, Superstar Limo was not the only limo in the history of the Disney company.
  Oh, this is good.
  For the 25th anniversary of Walt Disney World, there was a limb mouse zine that drove around.
  Pretty cool.
  Pretty cool.
  Yeah.
  Because you know, the Disney corporation was, they own Miramax.
  That's what that was.
  Right?  Well, no, no, no, no.
  Bring that up.
  When they got Miramax?  They own Miramax.
  That's technically correct, but this is no way place to bring that up.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah.
  So I like the time that that head of Disney, one of the head of Disney's like actually was  caught in that porn scandal where he was photographing pornography and they were like, oh, that's  No.
  No.
  Photographing pornography and they fired him.
  None of that?  No, none of that.
  None of that slander.
  Okay.
  Area.
  Might be public record.
  We don't know.
  Yeah.
  Let me look.
  I just, we have some other slides.
  Okay.
  We have some other slides.
  There's this weird thing from the ride.
  This weird couple.
  Oh yeah.
  Look at these guys.
  What do you think?  There's a weird little like couple that are kind of splotchily painted and they're like,  they're tiny and they're sunbathing next to a giant lock and that's in the ride.
  Yeah.
  So they're, that's good, right?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's all right.
  You know,  Oh, so you, so he likes that, I guess.
  Oh, okay.
  Guys, I, you know, I, I just felt like I got a bad rap last time, you know?  Oh, hey, wait, everybody aw him.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So Bugsie Bones, formerly Bugsie Malone's was, was, he was a bad guy, but now he's, you  know, he's starting to turn around a little bit.
  Okay.
  You are?  You are?  You know, he, he, he really believes in all of podcasts, the ride, because at the end  of the day, Bugsie's happy to be here for you, for your 100th show, you know?  Oh, that's nice.
  Yeah.
  Bugsie, that's really sweet.
  That's genuinely sweet.
  And if you ever talk back to me again, I'm going to shove this up your ass and pull it  drink it, then it goes high.
  Oh, God.
  You understand that?  All right.
  This is a tough one.
  This has gone far enough.
  Yeah.
  Even a sweet message turned into a very foul thing.
  And what we're finding is that for the second time in our first 100 episodes, a terrible,  supernatural being has hijacked everything.
  And I can't take it anymore.
  We can never let this happen again.
  No, no, no.
  There's no force anywhere in the universe that can stop this terrible scourge.
  Boys, boys.
  Is it?  Could it be?  Could it be?  He has returned.
  Wait, wait, wait.
  Whoa, whoa, whoa.
  Wait, let his music play.
  He's even more resplendent than he once did.
  That heavenly shine.
  He is resplendent.
  It's the Sector Keeper, ladies and gentlemen.
  Yeah.
  For the first time in person or in ghost or whatever.
  Boys, boys, boys.
  You give me strength.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Yeah.
  You give us strength, Sector Keeper.
  You could tell that we needed your help, huh?  No, no, no, no, no.
  Who's this little pipsqueak who's not minding his P's and Q's?  It didn't go off this time.
  It didn't go off.
  Eh.
  Eh.
  I thought Nick Mundy was a bad man.
  But you, you're a bad man.
  Hey.
  And I think if you search in your heart.
  No.
  This guy's giving me the willies.
  You'll see, you'll see me as I see you.
  Yeah, yeah.
  This guy's giving me the willies over here.
  I don't know how you see me, man, but I don't know you pipsqueak.
  Wait a minute, wait a minute.
  Are you, Sector Keeper, are you saying that you somehow know Bugsy from some other avenue?  Yes.
  But I know him by a different name.
  I know him as Brother.
  Wow.
  A cannonball don't pay no mind.
  You're kidding.
  You're kidding.
  Somewhere in the confines of heaven.
  Yes, yes.
  You two are related?  If you re-listen to and review with five stars all the 100 episodes, it's there.
  I promise.
  Listen.
  All the clues.
  No, no, no, no, no.
  Listen, I'm going to kill this little pipsqueak because he, it's a P, that's a P and he's  not minding his Q's with the pipsqueak.
  I'm going to kill this little pipsqueak.
  No, no.
  And then I'm going to kill all of you and I'm going to high tail us all to sing sing  because I fucking, fucking.
  What?  What did you?  These are not good boy gestures happening on our stage.
  Sector Keeper, you're going to let this shit happen?  No, I will not let this happen.
  This ends now.
  This ends today.
  Because with the power harnessed by the 19 Sector Stones.
  Wait, what do you got there?  I have a coin that you get for a coffee machine taped to a glove.
  No, no.
  And it's the most powerful Sector Stone.
  All right.
  I'm sorry Bugsy.
  You say you got jewels?  Yes.
  Let me suck them jewels.
  Suck them.
  Get him out of here Sector Keeper.
  You will not be sucking jewels.
  Let me suck, let me suck the jewels.
  Bugsy, you can't.
  Let me suck the jewels.
  Let me suck the jewels.
  Let me suck them.
  Let me suck on them.
  Let me suck on them jewels to make them feel noise.
  Bugsy, it's 11.
35.
  We got to get those jewels.
  We're going to get kicked out of the venue at some point.
  We're going to get those jewels.
  Don't you understand Bugsy?  You can't kill what's already dead.
  Okay?  That was poetic.
  Damn.
  What you have to realize is that the power of this gauntlet.
  With the power of these Sector Stones.
  With one snap of my fingers.
  I can send you to hell.
  Until your soul is pure.
  Much like how Thanos sent Spiderman and his friends to hell.
  Until God saw that they were worthy again.
  Christian God, yeah.
  I'm sorry brother.
  But snap.
  It's like when we were boys.
  Snap.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  I can't feel these hugs, but I can imagine.
  It's close to what a hug would be like.
  You saved us from our most villainous character of the two.
  Boys.
  Boys, boys.
  You give me such strength.
  I want you to remember that as you go on to your next 100 episodes.
  Whenever you need to be lifted up.
  Whenever you need strength.
  I want you to turn to the city on the hill.
  I want you to find strength in City Walk.
  And I want you to especially look for that strength there and in me.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  We promise we will.
  We'll never forget.
  Of course not.
  Sorry, my ghost brain is forgetting.
  Oh, yes.
  Especially this fall.
  When you go on your most amazing journey yet.
  To the downtown Disney ordeal.
  God.
  God damn it.
  The downtown Disney ordeal.
  And none of it can be behind a paywall.
  What?  No.
  We didn't talk about that.
  Actually, well, go seek.
  Come on.
  We got to make a living, sector keeper.
  You're right.
  I have a job now too.
  Oh, really?  What?  What's up with you?  I work at a cricket wireless.
  Oh, cool.
  Yeah.
  It's cool.
  It's cool.
  I guess they're hiring, but it's not really like an industry for the future necessarily.
  Oh, yeah.
  Well, you know, it's all right.
  And I get a lunch break and.
  I hope.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's next to a GNC and that's.
  But OK.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Good.
  Like, parking's all right.
  Parking's awful.
  There's no parking.
  It can't all be perfect.
  But you know what?  Things are pretty perfect right now.
  And I'm just glad we're finally done with that son of a bitch.
  Bugsy.
  Yeah.
  We're done with him forever.
  Forever.
  Yeah.
  Oh, wait.
  Wait a minute.
  But he looks different.
  He's oh, the audience is thrilled.
  Guys, I'm a hugsy now.
  The power of community and friendship.
  Has kind of shown me just like a whole other way right now.
  That's great.
  Oh.
  And like, I get it now.
  Yeah.
  Like, I didn't.
  The thing is, is like, you have to like, get it a little bit.
  Yeah.
  Now I get it.
  Come here.
  Give me a hug.
  No, it's like, you can know it.
  You can read about it, but it's got to be real to you.
  It's good to see you, brother.
  I'm finally back.
  Just like old times.
  Just like old times.
  God, I love you.
  Just like old times.
  Oh, my God.
  Oh, wow.
  So you're good now.
  I'm good.
  I'm a hugsy.
  I went, I saw the light.
  I'm not going to ever be annoying again.
  Oh, great.
  Nowic.
  No, no, no.
  I don't.
  I actually, I now love podcasts and especially, you know, I heard this podcast.
  I don't know if you guys heard of it.
  It's called Pod Save America.
  I love this podcast.
  Oh, yeah.
  This podcast is so clever.
  This podcast, it says the things that like, I just heard it.
  I just heard it.
  I just heard it.
  I just heard it.
  I just heard it.
  It says the things that like, I just, I can't.
  It's like you three guys, but if you guys were like really smart, you know?  So now I understand it.
  They're probably like actually funny.
  They're probably like really professionally funny.
  And when I listen to them, that's what it is.
  It's like if I'm hanging out with them, you know?  I mean, but also you get that insider info.
  And obviously when you donate, it's like a very good thing.
  So all of you guys, please do that.
  And listen to Pod Save America.
  That's right.
  Year to year first.
  Stop listening to us and go to this better podcast.
  Yeah.
  Type in Hugsie to get past paywall.
  It's just very good.
  Yeah.
  Cool.
  All right.
  We'll do.
  I mean, that pretty much sums it up, except wait a minute.
  Wait.
  We forgot about Swifty.
  We got to see if there's some big, is there a contract or something waiting for us?  Did we ever get the deal?  Let's find out.
  Swifty, are you still around?  You did it, boys.
  The show was baffo.
  The sector keepa was Bugsie's brudda.
  What a twist.
  Hey, Swifty's in Conyou in a most lucrative contract in all of podcasting.
  700 bucks to read penis enlargement ads.
  Kudos, boys.
  I better go, Capiche.
  I'm getting sued by the WGA.
  And also several dozen women who didn't want to see Swifty's puppet dick.
  Better lawyer up pronto.
  Are they going to try to get me?  I'm going to try.
  I'm going to try.
  I'm going to try.
  I'm going to try.
  I'm going to try.
  I'm going to try.
  Lawyer up pronto.
  Are they going to throw old Swifty into Sing Sing?  Sing Sing?  I think I like this guy.
  Oh, Hugsie.
  That's our show, ladies and gentlemen.
  Thank you.
  Thank you so much.
  Our thanks to Hugsie Hugs.
  Our thanks to the Sector Keeper.
  Our thanks to Aaron Gardner for building the limo.
  I'm sorry we put it on the ground.
  Thank you to the Dynasty Typewriter for having us.
  Thank you.
  Thanks to Dax and the Booth.
  And thanks to all of you for 100 great episodes.
  Thank you for coming out.
  You survived Podcast the Rock.
  You survived.
  Bright suns, everyone.
  Bright suns.
  That's actually the morning greeting.
  Oh, what's the night one?  Till the spires.
  Till the spires.
  Or rising moons.
  Rising moons.
  I screwed up.
  Good night.
  Civaco, rise to the challenge.
  All right.
  Thank you so much.
  Thank you.
  Forever Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog production, executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Bowen, Joe Sillio, and Alex Ramsey.
  Engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook.
  Thanks for watching.
  We'll see you next time.
