 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may contain doll-faced genie clones, forced dancing in  the hand of Tom Bergeron, and the zombie-like resurrection of 2014 references from Sharknado  to Adele Dazeem.
  Can special guest Paul Rust escape the cave of topical jokes?  Find out as we cover Aladdin, a musical spectacular on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the podcast hosted by a crazier cast of characters than the Jersey  Shore.
  My name is Mike Carlson, cold for applause, that would have killed in the Hyperion theater.
  There's many Jersey Shore jokes in the Aladdin, a musical spectacular show.
  Joining me as always is Jason Sheridan.
  Scott, you had a joke too, did you want to do it?  Oh, I was just going to say that we all, the three of us love theme parks so much, without  them our lives would be empty, like Kim Kardashian's head.
  Which is a real verbatim joke.
  And I just want to say that I'm glad we're finally doing this attraction so we can answer  the question of if the dress is black and blue or white and yellow.
  Yet another real joke from the show.
  I'm in such a good mood already.
  Let's introduce our guest, he wants to get in on this topical fun.
  You know him from Netflix's Love.
  Ladies and gentlemen, Paul Rust.
  Thanks guys for having me.
  Yeah, let's chomp it at the bit there.
  Oh my gosh, once you start spouting genie lines, everybody wants to join the party.
  I have a potential intro for you, which is, our guest today, he's a great guy, he's not  an exotic mammal like Snooki.
  That is also a verbatim joke that I found.
  The first time I was made aware that you were very into this show too, is when Jason and  I were on Herald Night, like seven, six years ago, and Neal Campbell was giving us notes  and I had told a story in the monologue about seeing this show and he was like, oh, Paul  loves the Aladdin show at Disney's California Adventure.
  Well that's awesome because then that means that was like my ticket to get on your guys'  podcast.
  Yeah, he said that.
  Planting the seeds before it even existed.
  And it was watered over the last years and then the stem came out and now it's in full  bloom, it's awesome.
  Yeah, full plant today.
  Do you remember what your story was that you told about the Aladdin stage show?  I think I was just telling a general story about how I was obsessed with it and how a  lot of the jokes would sort of not even really relate to Aladdin.
  I think the thing I said specifically, which I had just seen was, there was a line from  Aladdin and then Genie just turned to the audience and said, Snooki.
  And that was it.
  And I loved it.
  Everyone who's ever been with me there didn't love it.
  Yeah.
  Because I would drag everyone.
  You would drag it every time.
  You would say, well, we could go buy that.
  We could go see Aladdin.
  Which is what you do with all the weird bullshit there.
  The man tea party?  He bangs on a big drum, we gotta go.
  I do.
  Well, he Mickey drumming is one of the best things you can see in the park when he's a  guy in the suit with the drum.
  He's really drumming.
  It's great.
  It's Miles Teller in there.
  That's how he got trade for whiplash.
  He was the Mickey drummer.
  How do you get the drumming out without the paparazzi pounding him?  Yeah, you can do it in a Mickey suit.
  Then you can do it in front of J.
K.
  Simmons.
  But no, I think you are hitting on what is the delight of the Aladdin.
  If you're a comedy fan and a particular fan of a particular type of comedy, you get it  in spades at the Aladdin stage show.
  That is my favorite part as well.
  The ones that don't even link that well at all.
  No.
  I feel like they have a parallel or antecedent in the spoof movies of who are the spoofers  of the movie.
  Friedberg and Setzer.
  I love those and I would go and see them on opening weekend.
  I love them so much.
  Really?  Wow.
  You went to the theater.
  Wow.
  I'd pay actual money.
  We're talking like epic movie, date movie, disaster movie.
  Meet the Spartans.
  Other things started using the movie title premise.
  They ducked and weaved and got out of it with things like Meet the Spartans so they weren't  associated with that trend anymore.
  They started hiding what they were doing.
  Yeah, because they were writers on Scary Movie.
  Two of the seven writers.
  It's actually a funny joke of all the things they ever did.
  With all those movies, I would always be like, I love them.
  People would be like, well, ironically, right?  I'm like, I don't think so.
  I'm laughing in the same way that I laugh at other stuff so I'm not going to judge it.
  I'm not going to try to analyze it.
  If you're getting joy from it and laughing, then you can't intellectualize that too much.
  I would lose my mind at the genies jokes.
  The one I most remember, I felt like I wanted to spew it out as soon as you guys were all  sitting there.
  Maybe I should save it because the only one I totally remember without having rewatched  videos.
  Oh, just have it.
  The genie comes out and he was able to stick his belly out, push it out tight and do a  big ball.
  He was like, I'm feeling like Bretany.
  He looked down and went, oops, I did it again.
  I'm not going to lie.
  I'm laughing at that.
  I don't quite understand it.
  It's like what Mike said.
  They're just grasping.
  They're just grasping.
  It's just a reference that the audience recognizes.
  He says it in a funny way because they are good performers.
  I will argue they are pretty good performers.
  Oh, yeah.
  Then that has evolved towards the end of the run.
  As Bretany says in her Vegas show, he moves his mouth but no words come out.
  She's lip syncing.
  Bretany has been a real source of humor for that Aladdin series and the Kardashians.
  The Kardashians, Dr.
 Phil, Snoopy, Dr.
 Phil, Justin Bieber, who all also factor into the  epic movie and turn into those films.
  Those movies are the same sort of thing.
  There's not always a joke there.
  It'll just be like Borat is over there in a swimsuit.
  Remember that?  We all laughed at that the first time.
  I think what it is is when you're a kid and at school you have a talent show and then  people do Wayne and Garth.
  You'll be like, Wayne's world.
  You're like, well, I guess this is comedy.
  We've seen this before, so we all agree.
  We touched on this a little bit when we talked about the Bill and Ted show at Universal Studios  Halloween Horror Nights in a similar vein.
  First of all, my whole, I've been mad ever since about when I was in middle school and  somebody, I worked really hard on a sketch that I wrote that was original and then the  most popular kid in school just got up and said, I'm Austin Powers.
  Yeah, baby.
  Everybody went ape shit.
  I probably should have learned some lesson from that.
  Instead, I went the other way and got really furious and stayed furious.
  I'm less mad at this one because the guys were fun, nice guys, and they did it well.
  This probably places my exact high school year that there were people killed at the  talent show when you're singing the Trogdor song from Homestar Runner.
  Wow.
  Is anybody else a Homestar Runner?  No.
  I think I blew up my high school in particular.
  But less mad at that one.
  Austin Powers, come on.
  Yeah, because with Homestar, you're like, okay, you were at least inside enough to pick  it.
  Yeah, you're showing that you know the slightly deep ring.
  If you breathe air, you're pleased.
  Austin Powers.
  Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And he didn't even do the voice good.
  He barely committed.
  He did not study the British Isles.
  Austin Powers' voice also heavily featured in the run of the Genie for sure.
  It's like a living caricature stand at a theme park.
  When you walk by and you see they always have an Austin Powers, they always have a Tom Cruise.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  And they look really gross.
  Yeah, when I'd walk by a caricature stand, I'd say, I'm repeating a joke I say to my  friends, guys.
  It's pretty cool of me.
  I'd go, guys, it's so nice to Tom Cruise to stop by every caricature stand in America  to let the.
.
.
  Mike Myers comes in costume as Austin Powers is really nice too.
  But yeah, there is a particular, I guess this is its own genre of theme park is the live  performance.
  I know you guys have done Terminator.
  Yes.
  And that one is more the voices are recorded and they just have to mime.
  Yes.
  Aladdin is the actual, they are speaking.
  So you get that energy.
  Yeah, and singing.
  Yes, and singing.
  Improvising.
  And flying.
  And showing you that they thought of stuff that day, which is like, you know, you can  roll your eyes at some of these jokes that they are like including things that just happened.
  It's probably fairly unprecedented.
  Do you think they have a group of writers off stage who like if something just pops  up in the last hour, we got to.
.
.
  I have information on this in the process.
  Well, real quick, let's like go back in case no one else knows what we are talking about.
  Aladdin, a musical spectacular, ran from January 2003 to January 2016 at Disney's California  Adventure.
  13 years.
  An impressive run.
  Thanks, Trump.
  10 months later, he would be elected.
  2016 ruined everything.
  Bulma replaced in 2010 by a Toy Story musical.
  Oh yeah.
  Which was shelved and then now replaced by Frozen.
  Yeah.
  That's where the toys go.
  Woody and Buzz put back on the shelf.
  Which is the rumor of what's going to happen.
  We are still deep in the rumor of potentially Country Bears goes away in favor of a, which  is always been the way in Disneyland for a long time, but in Disney World it might get  replaced with a Toy Story thing.
  So we seem glum today.
  When I walked in, I noticed all the lights were off and there was candles lit.
  We had not been speaking to each other.
  We were wearing shrouds.
  It was kind of awake.
  Kind of awake, kind of sitting shiva.
  You don't usually sit shiva before the death, but we were getting ahead of it.
  So I'm looking liver lips McGraw.
  You had some time.
  But yeah.
  Speaking of seeing movies in theaters, I saw the Country Bears movie in the theater because  I was like, this is the last time there's going to be a full on people in suit movie  for the rest of my time.
  Anytime now that there's going to be creatures, they'll be either CG or half CG.
  I guess we had Unkar.
  Unkar Plut.
  Yeah.
  He was on the suit.
  He was on the menu.
  Country Bears, I feel like were the last time we really could get.
  Entirely.
  Full suit.
  Last time we went full suit.
  And then you know that there was like a warehouse that was really unpleasant and like costumes  dripping with sweat.
  Really?  Well, I don't know.
  Can you imagine the process?  Yeah, the physical like putting those things together.
  There was a guy who worked at Conan who built all the suits for Ninja Turtles 3 and he had  a picture of like, I don't want to say sweatshop.
  It's not a sweatshop in that there's bad types of labor being employed.
  Just like, yes, yeah, yeah.
  So much sweat.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Just like costume after costume.
  Like there's racks of 70 of them.
  It seemed so intense.
  Wow.
  Just reeking of a BO.
  Yeah, sure.
  I think they in the suits had to like go out of commission for a couple days once they  were worn for a couple hours.
  Some just shredded.
  Some gotten rid of and turned.
  Who shredded them?  Who's around?  I think I might know one guy.
  I had to pick.
  The the chewy suit when you hug Chewy at Disneyland, there's a musky.
  There's some sort of a not necessarily.
  It's the suit that smells not the human, I think.
  It's but it's like a grandma's basement.
  Yeah, something's going on there.
  He's hugged a lot of people and he's a tall college student that's like six, eight.
  What do you think is the process of cleaning for those?  It's a good question.
  I know Disneyland has to have its own dry cleaning thing.
  They're like go off campus.
  Send it home with the guy.
  They wait until they get back from college break.
  Because it was like a laundry basket.
  Thanks, mom.
  I'm happy to do it.
  It's just nice having you here.
  I'm happy to clean any Minnie Mouse outfits.
  You want me to throw it in?  Throw it in with my stuff.
  Your dad's stuff is in there too.
  I thought it made sense to group it in with the towels.
  Oh, you can toss anything in with the towels.
  That's fine.
  Wait, what do you think of Country Bears?  There's been this debate on the show and our friend Doug Jones really stands by it.
  And I think we've spoken ill of it.
  What do you think of Country Bears?  I remember taking my niece to it.
  So I had probably adjusted some expectation levels.
  I was in college and taking my niece.
  So I was probably already like this might suck and that's okay.
  And actually I think I remember being pleasantly surprised.
  There might have been a little bit too much irony.
  I think if I remember it correctly there was a little bit of trying to beat the Shrek coolness.
  You know what I mean?  We're bringing this into the.
.
.
  The thing I always hate about when people go like,  It's a kids movie that there's jokes that the parents can write too.
  Most of those jokes are dumb.
  The jokes for the parents are like a reference to American Idol and Shrek.
  And it's like, that's for the parents?  And also kids like those jokes and parents like the kids jokes.
  Parents laugh just as much as donkey farting as the kids do.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Why do we have to figure out who laughs the most?  We have to figure out who likes what movies.
  Everybody likes.
.
.
  Yeah, probably.
  If you look at what family movies end up on a critics best of list.
  They don't have crap like, they don't have a reference to something that happened a year ago.
  Like Spider-Man or Coco or whatever.
  Adults jokes is strange.
  If you go back and re-watch those Shreks,  there's some jokes in there that you're like, oh my god this is.
.
.
  Those spoof movies, I think it's Disaster Movie.
  They actually have a newspaper in it.
  And on the newspaper it's the date that the movie came out.
  And it was almost like their joke of like, this is how long this movie will last.
  It won't even pass the expiration of the release date of the movie.
  Wow.
  Really?  Yeah.
  Those guys are pretty cool.
  That is cool.
  Yeah, that is.
  We're impressed by them.
  I've never been done in a movie.
  I know, right?  You haven't ever seen the actual date of the movie.
  My birthday once was on a Thursday when Cheers came out.
  And I remember they said, my birthday is April 12th.
  And for whatever reason they needed the date in the episode of Cheers.
  And on my birthday, April 12th, they said, April 12th in the episode.
  Wow.
  So that was another time that art invaded the date.
  A wonderful phenomenon.
  But you compare this to like the second golden age of Disney animation or something.
  And Little Mermaid, Aladdin, Lion King.
  The jokes in that are pretty tight.
  I mean, Aladdin has some good Robin Williams kind of jokes.
  But those movies would take so long to make.
  They wouldn't cram topical stuff in there.
  Oh, yeah, right.
  The jokes are a little more evergreen in those ones.
  Right.
  Like if they did an Iran Contra joke or something,  then Little Mermaid would probably stick out.
  And even the genie impressions.
  Those are more like Jack Nichols.
  That's that less.
  Pretty perennial.
  Rich Littles impressions that could play in the same spot for 40 years.
  He does impersonate, I think, George F.
 Will in that movie.
  And I don't know how many kids were like,  yes, conservative commentator George F.
 Will.
  Is that something about quid pro quo?  Quid pro quo.
  Quid pro quo.
  I had no idea what that was until now.
  That is George F.
 Will.
  Wow.
  Still around.
  Still commentating.
  Still complaining about how the game of baseball is played.
  Oh wait.
  Maybe not George F.
 Will.
  Sorry, it's the guy who gets in the.
.
.
  He would get in the fight with.
.
.
  They'd go into a cabin and these two writers would have a fight.
  William F.
 Buckley.
  Buckley.
  Buckley was in his house.
  Yes, I got the George F.
 Will, William F.
 Buckley.
  He was an initial guy.
  Yes, the F.
  Good thing I didn't say Paul F.
 Tompkins.
  We know that's not correct.
  We know that.
  Yeah, when Paul F.
 Tompkins debated Gore Vidal on Cabot.
  That was a whole different.
.
.
  Do you think if in November 92 when we went and saw Aladdin  if the Genie had done an impression of Paul F.
 Tompkins  we would have been able to appreciate it?  I don't think so.
  I don't think so.
  It would have been a tad confusing.
  The Philadelphia comedian?  Yes, a local.
.
.
  Never appeared on television.
  I didn't hear of him.
  I did have one of those things though where.
.
.
  Do you ever have the thing where you watched a stand-up  when you were younger and then you remember a joke  and then the person starts saying on stage, like,  oh, I saw this.
  It happened to me with Paul F.
 Tompkins.
  When I was a freshman in high school maybe  I saw a stand-up on Conan make a joke about  how this relates to Disney.
  He turned on the TV and at like 2 a.
m.
  the Apple Dumpling Gang was on.
  Sure.
  With Tim Conway and he was like  what family is watching the Apple Dumpling Gang  at 2 a.
m.
?  And he was like, oh, it's for alcoholic fathers  who wake up their kids and are like  the Apple Dumpling Gang is on.
  And the kids are like forced to watch it.
  We're gonna be a family.
  Well, because he went backwards and his first album  was like older material that he was refining.
  Is that in there?  Yes, I think that's why.
  I think he was going back to the first  which also included Crushed Pennies  another theme park.
  So he was really.
.
.
  We gotta ask him about all this stuff.
  He's fully.
.
.
  Were you guys saying it was the sort of  the Disney Renaissance?  Did you guys see Aladdin in the theaters?  Do you remember?  Sure, yeah.
  I saw it at the El Capitan.
  My parents took me to a special El Capitan  which I think was the first time I ever went there  and that's an incredible theater  when you're eight or whatever.
  Yeah, I remember that showing very strongly.
  And they do the shows beforehand.
  Have you ever done El Capitan lately?  No, I've heard it's fun.
  I don't think I've done it ever.
  I did a Toy Story one and two there.
  Oh, that's good.
  Six, seven years ago.
  Was it as old?  I moved here in 04.
  Was it always dazzling and lit up  or was that part of a Hollywood Boulevard  renovation thing?  Was El Capitan always.
.
.
  I saw it there.
  I saw them there not first run.
  I saw them there six or seven years ago.
  It was like a double feature.
  I see, I see.
  Yeah, I saw one of those  Disney nature documentaries there  a few years ago and that was cool  because before the show they brought  some live animals out.
  Oh, really?  To get to see some live animals.
  In a really enclosed setting.
  What did you see?  What did they bring out?  Oh, I saw a goat.
  I remember thinking,  these aren't animals that we're going to  get to see in the jungle.
  These are just like petting zoos.
  This is what you could get.
  This is what you could get every day  for a month.
  And I think I saw.
.
.
  I don't even remember seeing Ratatouille  there.
  But before the show.
.
.
  Unleashed rats?  What's that?  Do they unleash rats?  Have them cook for you?  They had a Ratatouille suit come out  but.
.
.
  What's your.
.
.
  Were you fond of Aladdin  previous to all this?  Yeah, I think in that initial  you know, if it's sort of  what the.
.
.
  Leaving out rescuers down under  but that four  the sort of run from  Little Mermaid, Aladdin  or Beauty and the Beast Aladdin  Lion King, right?  Felt like kind of a piece  and then I felt like after  Lion King when it was like  Pocahontas starting there is when I  Pocahontas.
.
.
  I was 14 when I came out.
  Even Lion King  I remember sitting in the theater at age 13  and being like, I might.
.
.
  I'm going to see this because it's a  zeitgeist-y thing right now.
  I'm not necessarily going because I'm  dying to see  you know, because I was like really cool  with bad complexion and  terrible stroke up.
  You're going to start growing up.
  People can't know you like kids still.
  No, I gotta grow up  to be more hideous.
  No, but I loved Aladdin so much  and I remember  yeah, losing it.
  I laughed so hard through the whole  movie and then I remember  a month later is when Toys came out  that Robin.
.
.
  That other Robin Williams movie  and it was such a bait and switch  to go from  within three weeks to Aladdin  and it's like a laugh vest to like  I don't know if you've seen Toys but it's like  it's an allegory for  military  weapons like  the industrial military  complex and they're using  a toy company to build weapons  and it's like Barry Lemonson's  hippie like, hey man  think about the toys you're making for your  kids.
  That's right.
  I got the lesson of small soldiers too.
  That's a very odd movie.
  Yes, I saw small soldiers for the first time  ten days ago.
  Yes, I went on a big  Joe Dante made it.
  Oh yeah.
  I watched 11 Joe Dante movies in nine days.
  I had a really  I went on a Dante fest guys.
  That's a fun ride.
  There's a lot of fun movies in there.
  Oh boy.
  I was just listening to a podcast of his.
  He was talking about  going to Disneyland.
  Oh, he was  remarking about how he couldn't believe  he couldn't remember the ride  but he was saying  they were talking about Song of the South.
  It really demonstrates how  people weren't plugged into  sensitivity that that ride  could have came out in 1989.
  It was based on Uncle Reema's stories.
  It's crazy.
 It was one of those which  I'm sure your listeners have, other people do.
  Where he was like, what's the name of that ride?  Oh my gosh, it's based on Song of the South.
  Then I'm like, Joe!  Love your movies too!  Get with it!  I loved it and I remember laughing  so much and then when it came out on video  watching it repeatedly.
  It really did  kick off.
  The fact that this show ended up being  full of topical references  and then  Trek before that.
  I don't think any of that happens without Robin Williams  cracking open  the kind of comedy you could do  in an animated movie.
  I'd go even so far to say he also  was the person who  there was, I know  other celebrities would have done it previously  but that there was marquee  value in knowing  this celebrity is  the voice of this person you're watching  which a lot of times  you don't give a shit.
  You're sort of like.
.
.
  Jaja Gabor  doing Bianca.
  Isn't that  Bianca or is that Aristocats?  Was it Ava Gabor  or was it Ava on Green Acres?  Jaja is hers.
  Which would have put a five year old  Mike into the seat.
  That's true.
 So for me, that one would have gotten me there.
  But now when it's like  James Gandolfini  and Megamind 2  and it's like.
.
.
  actually that being James Gandolfini  is also good.
  He's very excited about the Gandolfini family.
  But there's a lot of weird even like.
.
.
  But I think Robin Williams after that was like.
.
.
  Yeah, which I think he was trying to avoid.
  He didn't want that to get cracked open  and he also apparently didn't want  to step on the box office  of toys.
  He thought he would fuck over toys  Disney.
  Yeah, and it sort of disappears.
  His whole thing was like don't tell people  that it's me.
  And then you don't have to pay me as much because  you're not using my name to sell the movie.
  And then I think in the commercials  they started showing  him in the recording studio.
  Oh, they pushed that footage  that just seemed like  we're going to film it to have it to show behind the scenes.
  And then they started using that more aggressively.
  Okay, okay.
  When they have the behind the scenes stuff  of somebody in the animation studio  doing voices and stuff.
  It reminded me of.
.
.
  Nick Weiger wrote a sketch once that was  it was Phil Collins  is in a recording studio  and he can't concentrate on singing  the Tarzan song because he keeps  blowing takes because he wants to share  all these new facts he's learned about dinosaurs.
  So it'll be like  I'll be in your heart.
  He's like hold on fellas.
  I don't know, a brontosaurus.
  But when I saw that sketch I said to Weiger  I was like, you know, the way he did it  was the thing where when somebody's wearing headphones  and they have the one headphone on one ear  and then off on the other.
  And I said to him, you know it's really funny that you  wrote that sketch about Phil Collins  because whenever I imagined  somebody in a studio  with one headphone off and one headphone off  like he did  I was like I think of Phil Collins because  I saw this video once of him doing it  and Nick was like that's why I wrote the sketch  I have an image of Phil Collins  with a headphone piece.
  What? I think I have that in my head too.
  I've seen that.
  I think that was for publicity for Tarzan.
  They were playing that flip a lot.
  I've seen that.
 For sure I've seen that.
  He famously, he more than anybody  is associated with the one headphone on  method is what you're saying.
  Does he also maybe do that  and then in like do they know it's Christmas  or something else where we would have seen him in a studio?  A lot of them do I think that.
  They're having the one headphone on.
  That's pretentious.
  It's an affect.
  My favorite is when sometimes now  they clearly like stage those  filming date like it's not like  they just brought a camera in  there's the cardboard cut out next to them.
  Yeah the Toy Story  like all those Toy Story things they're showing now  for Toy Story 4.
 It's such like  well lit and there's just like Toy Story  pictures up and they're like doing lines from the movie.
  You know Tim Allen came in there  hungover looking puffy  and reddish shit.
  Came in  in like sweat pants  like one leg up and another leg  down and then like Tim  we were recording today we're gonna shoot some  video.
 Anyway  wah wah wah.
  Okay sorry sorry sorry sir.
  Then a flurry of construction  equipment flew by and made him look  nice.
  Also those are very  anytime I've had to do voice  stuff everybody's always been very  supportive but  it can make you feel very vulnerable  because you're just like by yourself  and you're watching other people watch you  and you don't have anything really to connect  with.
 So I would think  bringing a video camera in there  probably something people wouldn't love.
  They're gonna catch you playing with the music stand that has  the carpet on it so it doesn't  the music stand so it doesn't rattle.
  Yeah so it doesn't rattle.
  That is interesting to play with.
  Any situation I've been in  I totally, Phil Collins method  the one headphone on Jason Sheridan's method  play with the flavor.
 Play with the carpet music  stand.
 So your voice  doesn't bounce off the metal.
 I think it's good  to play with the carpet stand because it  sort of shows you're just relaxed.
  Hey man we're just having  fun playing with this carpet.
  That's a good way to trick people  into thinking I'm confident.
  Thank you Jason.
  You're owning the environment.
  You're marking your territory.
  Okay so Ronald  Williams cracks open this whole area  now we can reference celebrities  and stuff in animated  films.
  Do you think that's been, I know voice  actors get angry  about it.
 I would if I was like  man they're coming in on our territory  and you know.
 Yeah like people like  I don't know if they've complained specifically  but you're Billy Wests of the world  who are really professional and do tons  of voices are like  well this is a celebrity comes in and does a regular voice  I spend all this time and come up  with a voice that's perfect and then  it's just like I don't know here comes  not that I'm upset at him but Seth  Rogan he's just doing his voice.
  What's the point?  To me the word like Robin Williams  makes sense because he's in  some other world he could have been purely  a super over guy if he hadn't done all the other things.
  But like one of those  boring DreamWorks movies  like Roe Del Dorado or something  as Brad Pitt.
 Brad Pitt who I think  we all like in many things  but I'm not like his voice  of course.
  It's great dynamic voice  only removed from his  physicality.
 It's like don't take away those eyes  please.
 Yeah come on.
  That is also  that is the name I was going to  I just started saying that  because I think Megamind was the peak of that  because it's like okay Will Ferrell is the kooky  villain that makes sense but it's just like  then the superhero is Brad  Pitt.
 He's in that too.
  I think that's him but his voice  like you're saying yeah he just sounds like a  guy if you're not looking at Brad  Pitt it just sounds like man.
 A big part  of the Pitt package is the looks.
  It's the looks.
  So yeah on  some ways I think it's good because it  opened a door for like  I referenced the donkey  earlier and I  love Eddie Murphy.
 I think  as the donkey did I ever tell you the story?  I took the same niece I took to  Country Bears.
 I took to Shrek 2.
  It was like the last 20 minutes and you know  in the last 20 minutes of a movie when things  are wrapping up you're actually kind of a lot of  times relieved.
 You're just like okay.
  The movie is wrapping up.
 I gotta go home.
  I remember I was like oh it's wrapping up.
  Donkey was making me laugh so hard  I was like I'm gonna have to wait  another three years  until Donkey comes back.
  I was so sad  so there's times  that I do like it guys but then  there's times where it's just not  as necessary and you wish a Billy West  could have.
 Sure.
 It must have been a tough decade  for you.
 We haven't had Donkey in a while.
  It's in the worst years  of your life.
 I'm all referencing  things that happened like a year  year and a half after 9-11.
  We needed the most  cheering up.
  Shrek.
 The first  Shrek was summer 2001.
  Is that the end of the 20th century?  Is that where we are?  It's like Woodstock  before Altamont.
  We had Woodstock August 16th.
  We had Shrek and Moulin Rouge.
  Combining  all of pop culture.
  Old songs.
 Putting them in new settings.
  It flattened it all.
 Yeah yeah.
  It's like a bookend.
  And then Glitter.
  Was Glitter right after 9-11?  I believe so.
 Wow.
  Or was it right before? It's somewhere around there.
  Oh Glitter was around the  yes because it was celebrating the time in New York  that was pre-9-11.
  Yeah.
 Those were the tough  ones where  the New York  movies that were on the  shelf for the next like 6-7 months  and you'd see Twin Towers  you'd have to have them.
  I had a friend  who, you know it's weird you're  with a group of people in a living room  and you're watching like  what's the  movie  Greg Metola did where they're all  in one car together.
  It's not called the Car Poolers but  that's the idea.
 They're all in one car.
  And they're trapped in a car.
  But they're driving into New York and they see two Twin Towers  and my friend went  you know that's just  like a warm up.
  It's a way to be like okay we all are thinking this.
  You have to acknowledge it in a way.
  Yeah.
 Just some like  mmm mmm mmm.
  And you're almost like  you maybe have an initial reaction of being  mad at the movie like how  could they.
 Come on.
 It's an old movie.
  You can't be mad.
  Greg Metola you didn't know in 1995.
  Should have known.
 They had  targets on them.
 Day trippers?  Is it Day Trippers?  Day Trippers.
 Yes.
  I looked it up.
 I didn't know.
  Wow.
 Crazy.
  That's smart.
  You guys just watch it.
  We'll turn away for one shot.
  Day Trippers is  on the compass.
 It's Day Trippers  is at the top and then the inverse of it at the south  is the 25th hour.
  Which is only 9-11.
  Which is the 25th hours so  much is about.
  That's the yin and yang of New York representation.
  Well you know  on September 11th 2001  the Hyperion Theater  was still in its infancy  still in its first year  that's where the show is at California  Adventure and why in 2001  they were showing something called  Steps in Time.
 Did you guys look into  Steps in Time at all?  I just noticed it and honestly I didn't.
  I didn't because I know we'll have to do  a separate episode.
  And then a messy cook.
  Who knocked over the spice rack.
  Steps in Time  followed by Blast, right?  The Power of Blast.
  Which was like a condensed  Broadway like Stomp Ripple.
  So proud  legacy.
  So proud that things can blast your ass.
  What was the Power of Blast?  It was sort of like Stomp  but a little different.
  A little cooler I bet.
  There was a part where there was a big  row of drum kits and  there was like 16 people all playing drums  at the same time.
  Stuff like that.
  I would imagine  if they could work out the rights  a Blue Man group would go over  very well franchising with a Disney  Universal Studios.
  Universal?  And they replaced, they evicted  Nickelodeon Studios  where all of our favorite shows were filmed  as a kid.
  Wait, down in Orlando?  So you know where all that and  Clarissa were filmed and such.
  Yeah that's now home of the Blue Men.
  There's an infamous home  video within the Rust family  of  we went to Orlando  in 1990  and so  MGM had just  opened up and Universal  had just opened up.
 I forget which one  but we went to Universal and all  it was the first few days so all  the rides were breaking down.
  It was really a bummer.
  We can't go on Confortation?  They didn't even have the Back to the Future ride yet  it was like  a little bit of a disappointment.
  But we went to the Nickelodeon Studios and they had a  big sign up that said  Double Dare Auditions.
 I'm like  holy moly.
  This would be a fun game to play.
  And I get to be on TV  like I always dreamed  and they said auditions  were that day  but they said  we're not shooting until next week  so if you're not here next week  don't audition today because there's no way  you could ever be, it's a waste of our time right?  Yeah.
  And I knew that  in my nine year old brain, I'm like  I know we won't be here but I still  was just angry at the injustice of it  and there's a perfectly  composed like  moment in our home video where  it's zoomed up on the Nickelodeon  Studio Splat sign  and it zooms out  and as it's zooming out it's panning down  and my dad's  my mom's narrating it  and she goes, my mom's holding it  but my dad's narrating and he goes  poor little Pauly  didn't get to be on Nickelodeon  right?  And I'm like marching up to the camera like  angry like so fussy and marching  and I'm like pissed off and it's like one of those  Sean Penn getting mad at the paparazzi  like don't look at me right?  You know like shove it okay?  So as there's  I put up my hand  and I swat the thing and  guys I was a good little boy too  I just wanted my parents  to like me and know that I was a good boy  so me doing this was crazy  and if you watch the video  I hit it and then  you hear my mom go ow!  and then you go well you hurt your mom I hope you're happy  and I'm like this is the worst now  wow!  I'm a monster!  and then the camera pans over to me at the  and this is the very end  and I met with a choice which is  like the camera's on me now  I'm so hot with anger I'm mad that I hit the  camera I can either  say I'm sorry  and cry and be embarrassed of that  or stand my ground and let them know no I'm  mad so when the camera went on  me I like stuck my tongue out  but if you like freeze framed it and  did like scene by  shot by shot progression  as soon as like the tip of my tongue  starts coming out of my mouth I've already  like started crying cause  I'm regretting having stuck my tongue out  so it's like this perfect like  ahhhh!  wow  a lot of emotions get stirred up  when you're at theme parks guys  absolutely yes as you're telling  this I am having memories  of like a moment of friction  or a moment of frustration at theme parks  where everything is so loud and heightened  as a kid it just gets heightened  a million times I think so because it's also  you're just dealing with  the things that's so frustrating  when you're a child which is like  wait wait wait wait  wait wait wait wait wait wait  and you're just like how am I gonna just find a way  to kill off boredom here  and so you're you know  you wait and then you get the ride it's awesome  but then I  think it's that and then also just like  it's like it still happens when  I go to Disneyland or go to a theme park which is  like in your mind you're like the whole reason I'm  here is for fun and so  it's a little like I don't know if you guys ever read  that Jonathan Franzen book Freedom  but he describes freedom  as he's like freedom  is this idea that's  great but as soon as you don't get  everything that was promised by it  it's the first thing that instantly sours I'm paraphrasing  but it's like the same thing with Disneyland  it's the happiest place on earth  if I experience 10%  unhappiness this whole thing's  fucked you know so I think  that was a little bit of the yes you're supposed to be  having a perfect day and  I can only imagine for parents too like  if your kid picks  this day to freak out  what a sin that you threw the  money down I didn't even think about  the right the parent side  which is just like  I'm exhausted  and you're making this difficult  for me  let us have fun that you're throwing a tantrum that you can't  be a double dairy dork  I had two older sisters  I'm sure for my two older sisters  and my parents it was like the funniest thing in the world  dorks getting so upset  about not getting messy on  TV  what a miserable life you can only be  in Universal Studios once and then not  also in turn be a TV  star instantly  you must be as a parent you must  be like constantly fighting the urge  to laugh and laugh at  your deeply upset child  it must be so funny  at all this  little ball of emotions  punching and putting tongues out  yeah it's also yeah  when you can  their  frustrations match yours then it's  like you're like oh I'm not too far from  being a baby all the time  still a baby in me  two degrees away from being that at all points  so what's at the Nickelodeon where do they  they have a Blue Man Group theater  separate ticketed  kind of like yeah  so you could never be  on Double Dare  that dream is over  I don't think it was Universal's call I feel like Viacom  was like oh the lease has  ended they move the time  wait they move the time capsule remember the time  capsule yes they moved it a couple times  now yeah but isn't it in the hotel  no no now it's in Burbank  not far from here at Nickelodeon  yeah now they have an actual place  where people work and not like a theme park attraction  is it right over is it the one over by the  car dealership yeah  it was put down in 1990  right so when is the  so yeah was it 50 years or was  92 because I remember  watching it and thinking like boy I'd like  to see that thing open it's a shame I won't  live that long  I did the math and I thought there was no  way I would be alive at  57  well that was foolish  at the time but now that we're getting  closer it might not be that  wrong oh yeah  we'll be underwater  and then Nickelodeon's two tied capsules  will float by and we're like oh yeah  it might be it's  the last remnants of humanity  that game boy in there  that old game boy  the moon boots I think  I think I thought of it  because there were so many different promotions where you would  get like a free thing or you go on like that  KB Toys shopping spree  in my mind like whoever opened it  was gonna just get all that free stuff and I was just  jealous of whoever opened it  well they're gonna get that game boy and  probably Mark Summers kid who's gonna get it  anyway  jealous  somebody steals it that is what will happen  we should steal it yeah  but I was there for that opening that summer of  MGM and I remember going to see  Muppets live  there was people in costumes  oh that's right oh the not the puppet show  but the costume character  Muppet size they were man sized  it was beaded  yeah  I remember Miss Piggy came out  with a pink feather boa and saying  personality you know  I've got personality  personality and a pink feather  like blew off  her feather boa and landed  at my feet and I picked it  up and I held it in my palm and I was like  I will never lose this  and I did  I thought like  this is gonna be very important  I have a more upsetting version  of like free show piece  that I got at a theme park  Six Flags Great Adventure  had a lethal weapon boat  like stunt show  and at the end of the show they were  giving out the spit of bullet  casings to kids  so  the prop department of the crow  good you need these  those are in a locker  those are in an evidence locker somewhere  yeah just blanks bullet casings from blank  cause like the casing is the same  whether it's a blank or a bullet  it's probably somewhere in my mom's house  in a box somewhere yeah  gotta find that bullet casing  at the end of the world you'll be like  trying to find that bullet casing to  put some ammunition in it to save  oh yeah  I know it was here somewhere  to protect your time  capsule  and then I think  at that Universalist I saw the Ghostbusters  live show just to bring it back to the  live shows and I think that was a  mouthy lip-synchy  one yeah I think so  it was kind of 50-50 yeah live actors and some  projection we haven't talked about that  one yet that's a good  it was pretty cool I remember the set being real  fun and  you said something to this extent  but like I think  when you're a kid and you  love movies and TV  shows and entertainment so much  the exciting thing is just the  whatever it says it's just like  the immersive thing of just like oh I'm in  a movie right now and so  I remember Ghostbusters  really  that show I'm not even the biggest  Ghostbusters fan but it was just like I remember  thinking like oh man I'm seeing actual  Ghostbusters costumes and I'm seeing  actual you know slimmers  sure  but the  Aladdin show might I think  of all the live and I did see the Bill  and Ted ones and those are great  I'm seeing the hats  and the air guitars  the real air guitars the vests  the vests, the dancing Mitt Romney  I remember  I went to a  I think  Paul Abdul came out and they sang  that bitch is crazy  oh my god  that bitch is crazy  people were not super forgiving  of there was Brittany  in that there was a lot of like it's bald  Brittany she's gone  going psycho watch out  she had a chainsaw  I think that's something that happened in that  the treatment of Britney Spears in the media over the last  25 years  that stuff was only like  wasn't that all within the deck  maybe like 2006 or so  yeah I guess  she's fat and looks like shit and she's crazy  people are so off  I remember that driving me crazy cause  it was a little like  somebody starting  a fire in a field and then driving  five miles away and being like  can you believe this fire  we all were responsible  for Brittany's meltdown  and I would be like  we don't get it two ways we don't get to destroy her  and then have fun about her  there was like a two week period where she  in the late 90s early 2000s  where she was like cool look at this new pop star  she's not the villain  and then two weeks later  it just became  the media just made her a villain  for over a decade  for one reason or another  and then that timberlake still gets to walk around  cock of the walk  not being funny  doing celebrity voices  in animated movies  making everyone at the super bowl mad  twice, twice  oh you're right  and he got off  mad and then indifferent  indifferent last year  those are the funniest video where like  I think that thing was well produced for  TV and if you're watching with all the camera  moves it was kind of exciting but then when somebody  posted on Twitter here's what it was like  in the stadium  very far away and it's just really  they aren't playing  to the audience  it's there at all  you see all these grips just move chunks of equipment around  go go move it move it  my favorite is when they have those people  like they pay the people to be  excited because they send all those people  out on the field every year  every year it's the same thing and if you were like just watching it  casually you probably wouldn't notice  be like oh yeah there's an audience there but it's like people like  unnaturally  moving their arms in a way that like no one  in a concert even like Beatlemania  that would look strange in the front row  of people at a Beatles concert  like the America's Funniest Home videos  I remember that audience  seemed like gassed or something  because they were just like out of their  minds just laughing  when I first moved to LA I went to a taping of  America's Funniest Home videos and they were  playing Hey Ya during the like warm up  period oh yeah and I was like dancing  in my seat to Hey Ya and I looked over  and I saw Tom Bergeron like  walk over to our producer like point at me  I was like oh boy what's going on  and then the producer  came up and was like Tom wants you to come down and dance  I was like okay  it was like the audience warm up  thing he was like come here we're gonna play  that song I saw you cutting some moon why don't you dance  out here and like a monkey  boy I'm like yeah sure and I started dancing  and then he was like let's make this like a  commercial spot  so then they were like watch America's  Funniest Home videos tonight you might see  something like this and that pan around like dancing  crazy they never  aired it but I do  have on videotape the episode that our friends  are in and we're all like going out  of our minds with over gesturing  and like laughing too hard and Tom  Bergeron will say so we'll turn to each other like  shake our heads like oh can you believe this guy you know  but  the saddest part of this story  is after it was done  I was with my friends  I'm still friends with you know Campbell and Mike  Cassidy and we were walking out and I was like  this was like three weeks  I'd been living in LA I was like  if I walk out here I'm blowing an opportunity  I could get a  writing job out of this  so I like  we were out of  the studio I turned back  around and I walked up to like  a crew guy and I was like  I was the guy who danced  I've actually thought  before I could write some of the  jokes for America's funniest  videos do you know  who I could talk to about that  and he was like I don't know anything about  that man I was like okay  I walked out  Wow you can't  knock the hustle though  some of the NSDTK  guys wrote on America's funniest  videos and so I didn't know that  yeah  what was their process  so they walked up to some guy  they walked up to a better guy  or the same guy he just didn't  like you for some reason  hey can you help me get a better job  than yours sure buddy  I'd love to  I'm just here to help  we're gonna be saying can't knock the hustle that's what I will be  whispering as you try to leave today and I  start pitching you new love episodes  you'd be like I don't know  anything about that pal  what was your name again  I had some Randy  ideas  yes I don't know I don't know  anything about that  it's done man  what do you think I'm gonna do with this  sure sure  oh my god wow that's incredible  the Hyperion Theater  the Hyperion Theater I was saying  we're going through a lot of pop culture history  and I realized since we haven't talked about  the Hyperion Theater for any reason yet  we have to talk about  a major piece of history  with major talent that happened on that stage  and that is Kelsey Grammer's  fall  that's where it took place  where it happened yes  a lot of people don't remember that  wow  the reason that you know  that it was at Disneyland somewhere  is that the joke that he is telling  before he falls is something  you just catch a little snippet of it but like  it's a small world pretending to be  a UN interpreter oh dear lord  he's 98%  done with the joke he said oh dear  lord that is so profane I hope he  apologized for the profanity  that he said in front of those people  that's the sweetest thing he's like  forgive me for my  vulgarity  you said oh lord  although the sound cuts out in the video  that you can see of it and he apparently did  say oh shit  but that was cut out of what we  all have seen from it  yeah yeah  if you analyze the tape  so that little section that he  falls down in we see  that little section all the time when we watch  Aladdin we do and what happened  was if you look at a picture of  the stage from any performance  of Aladdin it's all weird and  carved up because it's like starbursts  and the reason he fell  it was not a flat stage  he knows what stages are like  oh he's killed so many  that was the problem he's so accustomed  yes but he's never performed  on a starburst stage before  he didn't fall into the pit where the genie comes out  of did he?  no he's like between  star shapes  Robin Williams did  he fell into the pit the genie came out of  what happened?  genie you're free  I don't think that's what happened  I don't think that's a apt way to describe that  there's the  thing when he shoots out at the top  and then when Jafar comes out later that wasn't where  he fell  he would fall onto the Jafar puppet  that was just waiting down there  he landed on the snake  puppet what if he landed on the snake and then the snake  shot up shooting Kelsey Grammer  into the ceiling of the Hyperion  oh dear lord  oh dear lord  now he fell  front of the stage and here's what's  I'd never heard him speak about  this video but on YouTube you can  look up him talking on a Jim  Norton radio program of some kind  and he tells the rest of the  story and they're like hey that video is  real funny man and he's like yes yes  I know and people enjoy it  you don't realize is that I  the side of the stage split  my entire leg open and  I performed the rest  I did the rest of my presentation but I did it  with I was bleeding  through my pants  because it is a  hard angle it's like a 10 degree angle  and he so it  did tear his leg  open when he went to the hospital  he did the before he did like the rest of his  half hour or whatever and then straight to the hospital  where they said this is like  worse than motorcycle accidents we've seen  oh my god and he also  and they're like so you know like what were you thinking  when that happened they're trying to make it funny and he's  like well I thought about my grandmother who  when she broke her hip  it was the beginning of the end  I thought that I had broken my hip  yeah it was like a terrible  thing for it was a very  grim fall  the story I had to heard about it was like I think  on the office they  wanted to use the clip they needed a clip  of a funny internet thing  and they were like well  they went to the people to  Kelsey Grammers people and they're like  we'll let you use it you just  have to pay us and they're like okay how much  do you want and they're like  half a million dollars  it was like a number that  you would never pay because  Kelsey Grammer must have been like yeah I don't  we don't need that out there anymore  Niles will have a field day with  this he said  do you think that was off limits to  joke about like  when the genie con like the next time  they did Aladdin  oh yeah probably  it's like when William Shatner got roasted  they were like no dead  wife jokes no wife drowning jokes  that was like on the back wall in the  Hyperion theater was like no  Grammer jokes and they're like what  we can't do wordplay  now I feel like  G-R-A-M-M-E-R  not M-M-A-R  the genie got fired for doing a Kelsey Grammer joke  once I do feel  I feel like a real genie because I'm in shackles  yeah  I remember you know the  genie shackles come off at the end of Aladdin  I remember  seeing the movie and then seeing a  TV spot for the movie  and they show a last scene where he's like  we're going to Disney or something like that  and he doesn't have the shackles  on in that briefest  moment I was like they've spoiled the movie  they've ruined it  people now know that he's not insane  if it was a Marvel  movie now they would have put the things  on him because they do that they  digitally put stuff on like  in the trailers to fool you  so that is absolutely  something they would have done to not spoil it  like they put in like  Thor was missing an eye at the end of  the Ragnarok and they put his eye back in in the  trailer so you wouldn't know that he lost an eye  in the movie I feel like that's partly  because the people  who are in charge of making decisions like now  are people like us who when they were kids  they saw Aladdin was ruined for them  when Roger Rabbit was nominated  for the Oscars I remember they did this cute  thing where like when we come back it's  the best animated short and they  cut to a shot of  the audience and it was like normal  person two empty seats  that they Roger Rabbit like Mickey  and Minnie Mouse sitting there like waiting for the  Oscars get announced  and then two seat fillers  came and sat down where  the animated characters were sitting there was this  like weird combination  of human  like my lip on it  it's like  what the fuck  like they were  like this woman sat  on a Minnie drawing it was so  weird like they got in a  flying machine  kill me kill us  kill us put us out of our misery  that's smart but that would have never happened  if somebody what I'm saying our  age would have been  running things they're like come on man  I don't want to promote nightmares  for people did you see the Aladdin  remake yes we did  we did an episode on our Patreon  oh I guess that one  yeah just tying up  some loose ends from that  so  well a couple of things the ending  of the actual of the original Aladdin  means the genie is free  but he still has all his  powers so they have just unleashed  a mad god on the world  that they cannot  control anymore so it's good he's benevolent  the movie kind of  the live action one it's a little cleaner  so the lyric change  this was a thing that we  touched on briefly but we didn't have I didn't have  it in front of me in the  original animated Aladdin release  there were the lyrics  in Arabian Nights  where they cut off your ear  they don't like your face  it's barbaric but hey it's home  where the heat is in  where the sand is immense  and the heat is intense  so what's the it's where it's  so then for the VHS they change it to  where it's flat and immense and the heat is intense  it's barbaric but hey  it's home and I've got a news article  at the time people are like thank you for  changing the cutting the ear off thing  you still have the word  barbaric in there we would like  you to change that and Disney representatives  says that line will not be changed  so they missed that  and of course live action Aladdin  introduced a new character we did  neglected to talk about that is not in the stage  musical or the animated one Euro Trash  Prince  Euro Trash Prince  another prince in  the movie before Prince  Ali shows up  Raja behind the back of his pants  yes so in the  new movie he's like a German like  this kind of potty boy  like sort of thing  that was weird that was  a weird addition  that's a little odd  Raja bite his pants  I don't think so  you don't get the heart boxers  isn't that the heart boxers  I love heart boxers  I call those TV underwear  I thought boxers  hearts are not  I thought that was TV underwear  because I always saw me in briefs and my dad in briefs  I didn't think boxers  I thought that was like a comic  conceit  or to get around the fact that like they can't show  guys walking around in briefs  that's probably partly it too  that it disguises  things a little bit more  it was like illegal it was an FCC mandate  to put our son  I think in the Will Ferrell era  comedy  it went from boxers to briefs  what's funnier to see on screen  uh huh uh huh  we used to be love the hearts on  boxers guys but now  we like briefs that's how hard and  do you think  you've been naked  in things to some extent haven't you  I have a I'm in my  briefs in I Love You  Beth Cooper I'm wearing  Spider-Man underwear  and they had to go through  Marvel to clear that  the only way it was cleared was because  Chris Columbus was making  producing a fantastic four movie at the time  so we had enough of a connection  that they allowed it to happen  like the second the Jessica Alba ones  those yeah yeah that weird  you could not have worn Spider-Man underwear  yeah because they had the logo  and I still have those  if you guys would have spelled them  please  that's why we brought you here  you have to ask  wow wow  that's a real throwback then to not be in  like to be in comical  underwear as opposed to  on Love That Was a conversation I chose to wear  boxers in a scene and we talked about how  isn't it funnier to see  somebody in briefs and then the  conversation of but are we  past that have we seen briefs too much  should we do  what's the new comedy underwear  post briefs  briefs world  what do you think we live more in post 9-eleven  or post briefs  briefs I think  for sure I think it's briefs  the one we live with more every day now  I have not seen the remake so I don't know about  Euro Trash Prince but  sounds like a character I  I have still been describing Aladdin  as strangely okay  like strangely okay strangely  as some parts I'd like it exists  that'd be my poll  quote on the poster  they hold up a  parchment at some point that has the date of the  movie on it  we won't go down a hole guys  but when  I remember sitting in the theater with  The Last Jedi I was like  ancient Jedi text  alright  I'm not even a big Star Wars fan like  others you know but I was just like  oh so these based on books  what this world  has paper  yeah like I haven't even seen paper  in this world let alone that they have tomes  that they refer to  had nobody read a book in a Star Wars movie  ever I'm trying to think there's no parchment  ever I don't think there's any parchment  that gets passed around  if you go to Oga's Cantina  and Star Wars Galaxy's Edge which I've  done three times now it is like weird  it's not quite paper on the menus  it's definitely it feels a little more  leathery or something  so they're  a bantha hide or something  you know  paper  not some bantha hide they're huge  that would be perfect for the Aladdin musical  it might be too  too specific  the conglomerations  would be too much  Star Wars land that would be perfect  they would reference things in park as well  that would get a big laugh  so what's in the Hyperion theater now  let's replace the Frozen  is it the Hyperion  does Olaf do topical  no he does not  he does not it's a longer show than  Aladdin it's pretty good  is it a full hour  15 or so it's like an hour  because Aladdin is 40 was 45 minutes  that's already pretty long  but it's an hour it's like an hour  so instead of annoying  pop culture jokes it's the annoying joke  of somebody going oh  so that just happened  is there one of those  in Frozen  I love Frozen but  it's wall to wall  so that was a little random  one of those  whatever the flavor of  what the flavor of punch up  people is at the time  I guess that's the things  you don't like in Shrek and the things you like  in Frozen  I have a theory of  if you really like this joke in  alt comedy wait 10 years  and you'll get to see it in all the commercials  you want to see  if you really like it  just wait 10 years  but  yeah I guess I haven't seen  the Frozen show but it wasn't  the thing I did like about the Aladdin show  was the 45 minute thing that  for people who aren't necessarily  right it's like a nice way  to kind of be like  and also the sort of line thing is  kind of figured out you just go and it's like  you get there you know your  promise to see everybody goes in  it's fairly  it feels fairly  it's easy it's easy  I think it's a people of  1984 seats  it's a giant theater  George Orwell would love that  it's a giant  there's three levels  I've sat in all the levels multiple times  you gotta get every  perspective you gotta get everything  I've sat in the very back I've sat very close  I sat there on the  the like invite  only or AP  like last show  press conference they had  we gotta get to that  well there's not so much there  but we saw the show  and then everyone came out and talked about it  all the actors came out and talked about it  and like the Jasmine had been there for 10 years  she had been  no she had been there the whole time  there's that thing said the Jazzman  Billy Crystal  Billy Crystal's Jazzman  character they have somebody play  he fell off he didn't break character  it's like a man  it is funny hearing that  I didn't realize it was like a cut up stage  cause they would use it for presentations  and stuff sometimes they would use like  executives managed to not fall off the Kelsey Grammar  were you up close enough to see  the hair and blood encrusted  parts of the Kelsey Grammar  no, it was  bones  reeks of Frasier's bones  they haven't washed it out  did you  now people can't see Aladdin  but out of all the vantage points you got  was there a prime one?  I like sitting very close for things  so I feel like dead center  that's good  maybe fifth row  you still get a little bit of a stage picture  were you afraid he was gonna roast ya?  I was hoping he was gonna roast ya  like go to Rickles you'd hope for it  there was a Chinese man  in the front row  there was an older couple next to him  they staged it, they put them there  so Jeannie could have at them  I've thought before  after how many Don Rickles shows  how many like frail male  egos have had to be boosted on the ride home  by their wives  I mean I know he makes jokes but  you're right  he's mean, he's mean, he shouldn't make those jokes  just doesn't line  you know  some things are just too  it wasn't just me, some of the other guys  I don't feel bad for me  I feel bad for the Polish people  across America  I just feel  unfair to all of them  the thing I remember being really dazzled by  with the Aladdin show was the magic carpet  it goes up  and I felt some fear  for the performers  when they're on  over the audience and around  the show is actually good  it is good  there's sets  when Jeannie comes down the stairs  there's a ton of Jeannies  friend like me  that's awesome  I was afraid of those Jeannies though  they're like doll faced men  they're doll faced men  and in fact  here's all of them  if you zoom into one of their heads  that's pretty terrifying  there you go  just with the crooked eyebrows  I have it from  so this is the cruise ship  version, so this is still running  on the Disney fantasy  sort of like a touring musical version  scaled down a little bit  all the numbers are still in there  but the masks look extra terrifying  those might be worse  it reminds me of one of my favorite mystery science theater movies  which is called Devil Doll  here's a picture of Devil Doll  I bring it up almost every time  I open a bottle of wine  which is a lot  because the dummy wants to drink wine  and there's this odd exchange  I want some wine  I know what wine is  give me some  but you're just a dummy Hugo  almost every bottle when I open the phrase  I know what wine is  hold on  wait a second  which came first?  Ben are you being driven to drink the wine  because of Devil Doll  it's all Hugo's  Hugo hypnotized me  those matching  like when the  old 60's Planet of the Apes movies  you can see that they can't  have the budget to fashion the best  masks for everybody  so if you look closely in the background  reminds me of the end of  Three Amigos  remember when they come back and they all dress up as the Amigos  so when you're first seeing it  you think like wait how are all  three Amigos in different spots in this village  and shooting everywhere and then they all step out  and they're all wearing costumes but then they reveal  that they're kind of like shotily made  I was like I wasn't looking at  the shotily made ones when I was getting tricked  I think the Hyperion though  you're so far away from the genies you don't  realize oh their mouths aren't moving  those are masks because that's the chorus  it's a spectacle  but at the cruise ship it's a full chorus  and just dolls  singing at you  Disney corporate is finding out they're getting like 50 people  jumping overboard each  why is that? and then they look and they're like oh it always  correlates with the masks  and the fun like me number  I think that's heightened so much by the  movie  and I would put this guy  on the short list of  the five geniuses  who could still be alive today  but aren't and I wish they were  Mr.
 Howard Ashman guys  who wrote all the  I think the reason that  we probably stayed in California  Adventure so long is because the songs are so  good, the songs weren't good  but Howard Ashman  you know he wrote Little Shop of Horrors and then obviously  all the Little Mermaid and  Beauty and the Beast and stuff but he  passed away from AIDS and  Fran Liebowitz has this line about  AIDS took  great artists but also took the people  who could be the people who  loved art and gave money  to it they also died so that's why  this sort of  last 30 years has kind of been a  turn to anti intellectualism  or anti art because there's not enough  people around who  would love it and hold it up  anyway whenever I think about that line  I think about Howard Ashman I'm like oh man  I wish Howard Ashman was still alive  write music for us  I mean like not that there's good  there's a lot of good Disney songs past him but he  certainly was yeah he wrote a lot of  the good ones yeah I wonder like some of his films  Menken still alive Menken wrote  a new song for this  yeah does he write with Tim Rice now  or who does cause  is he alone? There was some Son Heim  no wait not Son Heim who am I  thinking of?  did he ever do a Disney who did  no it's a similar name it's like Steven  Schwartz or something oh yeah  yeah yeah yeah yeah  that was a wrong stab on my part  he did a musical I was thinking called Children of Eden  Children of Eden? Oh my  we are all Children of Eden  guys so that's what that musical is  this is where the episode turns and  Paul has some uh a guy he wants  to tell us a lot about  Paul's gonna need a pamphlet now? Verses?  I knew another guy with magical powers not a lot to say  you guys like Mickey Mouse  I know a pretty cool guy too  did he write  there's like a new Jasmine song  as there is in the film but a different new  Jasmine song? Menken wrote  the to be free song that's in this one  okay yeah which is  interesting cause I heard that  that she has that song because Howard Ashman's  thing always was he writes  really good songs about  I'm stuck here and I wish I could be out there  and I'm stuck here and I wish I could be out there  I'm stuck here and I wish I could be out there  and I think he wrote  for the original Latin song a Jasmine song  that was that and they  ran out of time or they had to cut it  but he's so good at writing that you know  Ariel's a  part of your world  and Little Shop of Horrors Somewhere that's green  is basically note for note  the same song  and then Belle obviously  it's all full of that stuff but  yeah and like  Lion King I remember when the music came out  the sacrilege but I don't like  the music for that it was like two  like  yuppie baby boomer  Paul Simon-y  Earth  we're all on this Earth  which they stuck there with Phil Collins  and Sting and stuff  that's Broadway you're getting further away from Broadway  yeah and more into kind of like new agey kind of  stuff and the thing that I liked about  Howard Ashman is there is a little bit of  a little like cervic  can be kind of  snotty and stuff so it added a little bit  of a little edge  yeah yeah yeah one of those documentaries where  I'm trying to remember the moment I think it's is it him  described like in Belle when  he's like she sings the word  alarming okay it's in Wakey Sleepy Beauty  when he directs Belle to sing the word alarming  and he just says Barbara  it's Barbara and then you hear her  do it that way and like she didn't even need  to audition what that would  sound like or whatever page or arrow  I was like oh I know exactly what that means  it's a cool little moment yeah and that same  moment in the documentary he comes into the booth  and he's like trying to explain to her like  this is how you feel in this moment and then she  starts singing it's like oh she took the note  and I've actually watched that and thought like  oh that's good direction you know what he did  he found a way to get her to sing exactly  how she was supposed to do it wow wow  that's really magic any like behind the scenes stuff  where you can see the note given and then  watch it  so much behind the scenes stuff is a little like fluffy  but like Jurassic Park  is a good like him like  talking to Joseph Mazzello and then you go  oh yeah wait he just explained like  exactly what makes that seem great that's funny  because I was watching an interview with Tarantino  and he was saying before  he started directing he'd watched as many  behind the scenes stuff to see and he was like  the person he most gelled with directorally  was Spielberg he was like  oh the way he talked to actors he  was like that's how I think I should talk to actors  wow  yeah the  the  what was the Spielberg movie  you saw that he it was  Jurassic Park  a little film  have you heard of it  I think you've heard of it  I was trying to think that Tarantino could have seen that one but  before you  he was like boning up right before  Reservoir Dogs  he was directing something lately  crap  I used to work at a company pretty  close by here that was  I logged footage for behind the scenes  features on DVDs  so I would just like watch all the raw  footage that they shot  and I can't talk about some of the stories  on my guys but afterwards  I'm in there so  crazy things that  it was me and like three other guys  and we worked the night shift  and somebody would come in and walk in  and be like  you want to see Al Pacino choose somebody out  it's like okay  we were DMing about that one oh yeah yeah  we were talking about Jack and Jo yeah yeah  I already told you that one  wait I was maybe that's an off mic I don't remember  that's so cool  but yeah it was a  fun job  yeah  well we're I mean you know at a certain  point we just have to start listing jokes  yeah I'm sorry  okay here's  thing that always bothered me about this  Abu cut yeah Abu cut  not in this yeah  but Iago pretty good puppet like he  gets to do some fun stuff yeah  I think they were just figuring like Abu doesn't get to talk  so who cares because carpet  is a person as well carpet is fun  carpet is a hit  we love aerial acrobatic  carpet like it's very  impressive it's like I  got the novelization on tape  of rookie of the year  they cut out  entirely the Daniel Stern character  what he's fun  yeah he's funny but it's like cutting  out Abu yeah  oh they can do it I guess  nothing really is affected by it  you can scrape off the  chocolate off the top of my cake  it doesn't mean I want to eat it  why are they so pressed  for space on the tape  as read by Dan Hedea  you know Dan Hedea  and I remember  there's a line that my friend and I  we got on a car trip we were at a gas station  we saw the rookie of the year novelization on tape  we're like let's listen to it we listened to it  and it was Dan Hedea there was one line we listened over and over  where he was like Henry saw his mom  kiss a new boyfriend made him want to bloth  laughter  laughter  oh my god  do you have that still is that available  I don't I don't I would like to find that  there are a lot of celebrity read novelizations  I don't know  it's so funny to be like a novelization  of a movie which is already like  if you're reading a novelization of a  kids movie you're already pretty  not that they did  and listening to it  we're a lot of steps  removed from the source material  the blues brother show at universal studios like  the understudy  for the blues brother show  at universal  is like  eight steps removed from actual  blues music  blues music  Dan Ackroyd and John Belushi's  appropriation of that  Universal Studios Hollywood  appropriation of that  and then the understudy for that  laughter  who gets to do it if the fake Belushi  laughter  laughter  laughter  but what was that sorry  I don't know  I watched an interview with  I watched an interview with  Dylan White  10 year veteran of the show  he was on the Tiara talk show  which was the talk show we listened to  and we heard about Cal David  aka Sonny Eclipse  the robot from Florida's Cosmic Race  who does lounge music in a restaurant  in Florida  in the disney world  he's an alien who does lounge music  so the way  check him out  he does great sets all the time  so there would be two genies working  on one day  and one of them would have the early shift and one of them would have the late shift  and they'd come in  and talk to each other about what  their ideas were  and they'd collaborate  and they'd talk about what was going on during the day  and they'd throw ideas at each other  and then they would  so they had a rule if one of the genies came up with a joke  another genie couldn't tell that joke  until the other genie had done it  successfully so you couldn't like steal someone else's idea  you could help it  help them with it but then once they've done it  you could do your own version  so he describes what would happen is  they may have a joke  and then different genies would put it different places in the show  so you get your snooki different spots  and a different read on the snooki joke  so he was like  it was so fun  constant just collaboration  just talking over  the new show every night  they loved it  oh my god  so it was what I honestly thought  because I was always dreaming of them on the radio  I could use this for Genie today  oh this sounds good  these are interesting headlines  I could use this  yeah like the comic  he wakes up at 11  or like your friend  grabs the newspaper and that's when his job starts  looking at the headlines coming up with jokes  I would imagine too like he's at like a family reunion  and his uncle's like pitching him Genie stuff  you're like oh  my uncle won't stop pitching me Genie stuff  he doesn't get it  he doesn't get the voice of the character  I tried to write down every reference for the one show I watched  I wrote down so many of them  I watched the very last show  so they were milking it  it was like 50 minutes longer and they were milking it  and the Genie did a bit where he said the name  of every actor who played Genie Jafar and Aladdin  so he says like a few dozen names at some point  but just writing down topical references  I think it was about 30  there was a point when he first showed something  one show where I was like  I keep rewinding because I'm like you gotta be kidding me  Jason the stenographer  how did he do that  it's hard yeah I was trying to keep up too  deal or no deal in 2016  it's wild  yeah a 45 minute show with 30 jokes  that's like a pop culture reference every minute  I was exhausted  I just kinda wanna read them as fast as I can  that's what I was thinking  it's just a melee  it'll be torturous for us  we'll try to catch our breath  good luck I'm so sorry  we'll edit out your stifling of laughter if it's too distracting  it's like those pop-up dirty games  of like you're not gonna last 5 minutes  this is gonna be excruciating  try to last but these Genie jokes  okay Genie jokes about patriots football  Genie jokes about Abercrombie and Fitch not wanting  people that look like him to wear the clothes  Genie says that he can't fulfill your wish to be part of One Direction  and he's like  I'm gonna go with the Genie  I'm gonna go with the Genie  you can't fulfill your wish to be part of One Direction  even though there's a spot open  and he says Zayn is going in the wrong direction  no wishing for more wishing  except you can wish for Justin Bieber to get deported  this is it from a different show  can't make people fall in love  but cause unions fall apart all the time  like the union in One Direction  I made it clunkier but it was a jack-of-all-trades  I made it clunkier but it was a jack-of-all-trades  I thought they were gonna have an anti-union thing  what screen are they?  can I do a related Bieber  we just throw them out  cause there's a number of spots  making anybody come back from the dead is always a spot  I can't make anybody come back from the dead  if I can't do it for Justin Bieber's career  I can't do it for you  audience goes ooo  that's the only one of those I ever found  Genie all of a sudden just goes  SUPERSTAR  like Mary-Kathryn Gallagher  I can't bring anyone back from the dead  I used that already on Betty White  that is a cool-ish one for the cruise ship  cruise ship  it's usually pretty sticky  it's a lot more like crazy cause it's random  not a lot of topical stuff in that  the dirty show at 11  like Teatro Martini  down at the Pirates dinner  that's another episode  I also think the Betty White reference  what was the name of the guy who  played the Genie?  Terrence White or something?  oh oh oh oh it was Dylan White  sounds like a little bit of nepotism  going on  shouldn't his name be Dylan Blue?  what with the character  he plays  and some of these jokes too  I think he would have liked if you had like  went up to him and done that he'd be like  I gotta use that for Genie  I can't make people fall in love thing I thought it was gonna be  they wouldn't say it I can't make people fall in love  I can't keep Kelsey from falling off this stage  can't make you fall in love like Bella and Edward  from Twilight  that's in there  oh thanks for the from Twilight Genie  did you ever leave the show  Paul and then go back and think to yourself  I'm blowing an opportunity  I go up to one of the ushers  and I'm like I think I could run Disney World  I could live in the castle maybe  this is my favorite  he goes stay out of the light Carol Anne  which is a poltergeist reference  very impressed with that one  who's he saying that to what's the circumstances  that somebody's  towards the light  I watch so many of these I can't remember  there's like a run where he does  stay out of the light Carol Anne use the force luke  groovy baby  he gets  an applause break  he's saying be yourself  Aladdin and saying a lot of similar  the message of the movie  essentially  there's one where he does the full  like Luke I'm your father no that  can't be Paul he does like the full scene  himself  he does it with that Luke whiney  no I can't be Chad  I thought he was funny  impossible  he tells Aladdin that he's a smurf  that's working on his dad bod  whoa  similar to  is that in his reveal cause a lot of the reveals  yes yes who are you I'm Magic Mike  the later years  that's not dissimilar from  he's like I eat someone used their wish to make  that new Terminator movie get to the  walker get to the  is a reference to get to the chopper  which is a different Schwarzenegger  movie  he says he tells Jafar that he's so  mean when he's on my space Tom  won't even be his friend  that's from 2019 actually  they brought back the Aladdin  show  oh he's  back before when he says like just like  Dr.
 Phil I can't make somebody fall in  love with you call that the John  and Kate rule  I believe it's John and Kate plus eight  wait and he's saying  they've  unclear it's unclear exactly  what he's going to do they love each other  well they got divorced  it was love was real once I guess  Dr.
 Phil okay he always  uses all the time that Dr.
 Phil  he always says Dr.
 Phil like Dr.
 Phil  I can't make anyone fall in love with you  what is that based on  I have no idea what that's based on  it's not a romantic  show it's not something he's like fixing couples  all the time it's like no general  it's a Venn diagram crossover  of like a celebrity  that all four quadrants  understand yes and then  it's a voice that's easy to do  yeah yeah yeah yeah  Gangnam Style he definitely did Gangnam Style  for sure I remember  seeing him do it this is  the actual time capsule yeah  all these Aladdin shows we should just  put all of them on one  compact disc and  bury it and then that's all we need  and when we go back and read it we're like oh yeah  yeah that's what it was like to be  alive this is  an ultimate collection of pop culture  all right so I went do you I  have two from the  2003 version  I have a question which is the did the  topicality ramp up as the years  went on the answer doesn't seem like they did  but was not absent  from 2003  and I think I there's a  joke for me and there's a joke for Scott because those  are the only two ones in the and so the  first one he comes out of the lamp and he  explains how long he's been in there and he tells Aladdin  that he's missed every episode of I  Love Lucy  and it gets very little reaction  even in 2003 really confusing  and then this other one gets no reaction  too and he says that he  can't make someone fall in love with you he tried  it once and Liza Minnelli will  never forgive me  wow a David  Guest joke  2003 I didn't  I didn't get it right away  pretty good pretty good  oh man not a bad joke  how do we tilt this podcast  there's no justification for us  to do a David Guest episode is there  we can find  we can find something  we're doing the El Capitan Theater because there's a  Ghirardelli ice cream shop next to it so  I need an excuse somebody can  shine a light on what the link is to make  David Guest  I'll just do a bonus  people who visit  Disneyland are known as guests  so yes  got it  thanks  justify  all I'm left is my Twitter  I gotta get a little more  oh yeah go for it go for it  okay he calls the Jeannie Sham  wow bunch  he does get a little political  in the dreaded year of 2016  towards the end he says  the carpet flies away  and he says I haven't seen a rug fly away  like that since Donald Trump's hair on a windy day  you probably killed it  probably killed it  actually the longer pause  after a punch line the more  I love it  that's so bad I'm just gonna like rest  in the  minute let it age  there was that second  to the last Aladdin performance  where the Jeannie didn't do any topical material  he just sat down at the piano and sang  Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah  I'm not giving up on neither should you  let's see  something about three wishes  because three is  all you need  he says things come in threes  wishes blind mice shark nato movies  one of the big joke zones  also is he's messing with Jafar  who has to stay straight they don't let these people  respond to the Jeannie in any way  as though it's like a hey can I make you a crack  kind of situation especially with Jafar  so a lot of disses of Jafar  he wants to be an all powerful sultan  alright fine here you go you're the sultan  I want to be president too Kanye  2015 I think  because that's when he started talking about that  he says  to Jafar are you mad because  John Travolta mispronounced your name  too  I was there for that  I remember that  the future Frozen show that will be  replacing them  yes, Adina Mendel  let's well receive the Frozen one  partly because there's less generation  Aladdin was around for 20 plus years  when this  closed  so the parents and the grandparents and the kids  all liked it, Frozen opened  less than six years after the movie  one generation  I personally remember  a lot of honey boo boo references  when I went  I remember right after the Oscars he made an Angelina Jolie's leg joke  the leg  she stood in that kind of  stress way  do you think this show  partly ended because you couldn't do  topicality  in a post Trump world anymore  you know the writers were just like  all we can do now is just make  Trump jokes  like Jon Stewart you just kind of wasn't up to it  I've been at this shit for  a similar run of time as Jon Stewart  I think you could map them perfectly  and that's why the Genie  is testifying before Congress  you could say we've been missing  Genie's comedic voice these last couple of years  and we've sort of needed it in the dialogue  the Genie might have been able to fix all of this  when I watch those old Genie clips  I'm like I wish he was still here to talk about  what's happening now  Genie gave that a passion plea to Congress  last week though  yeah it was for the first responders  of the first prince's pants being  bit  what?  the first prince who got his pants  that was a disaster  year after year  no reparations to repair  the pants  we're not playing for the threads  Raja I forbid  you from having any daughters  Raja?  it's like the Raja  understands English and is also like  you're not going to let me fuck?  I'm going to fuck that carpet  here's a really  specific one  right before the stairs  march  this is a come downstairs Madonna  what?  did she fall?  yeah  other people falling  was fine  it's not the one that happened in our house  yeah  hello Baymax  or hello I'm Baymax  they were doing that  two years after  the Euro 6 came out  not to be the comedy police here  or whatever but  there's a lot of punching down going on  with this Aladdin show right?  a lot of ladies  a lot of non white people  I don't hear a lot of  powerful  straight white guys getting called  to the mat too much here  this little hegemonic family  is all coming in being like please  reestablish the status quo for us  weee  do you consider Baymax  a white guy?  at least it's all  better than the Bill and Ted show  when we analyzed it a little while ago  it was 90%  very mean gay jokes  yeah  actually I was going to bring this up  the thing I really like  about Disney's  well I'll say it more in the negative  the Universal Studios  I don't like their  tone  their sensibility  their sense of humor is sort of like  we pranked ya  we embarrassed ya  in front of everybody  they'll get a volunteer  somebody who's offered to help them  and then they're like  you're a piece of shit  and everyone's laughing  what I love about  and I know that's what  Universal has to do  when you're the punk kid  not everybody likes you  and what I like about Disneyland  is like  it's not just wholesome  it's pretty friendly  the genie can get a little blue  I want to get moved to your twitter  but I have one more thing to say  somebody walks out of a room  and he says bye Felicia  yeah he pulls the bye Felicia  and here's my thing about  bye Felicia I still  I never figured out what it was  I don't know the source of it  it's from Friday  it's a character in Friday everyone hates  so why did it get popular like two years ago?  it became popular  on twitter  as like a fuck you  I think it  came up on black twitter  was then taken by marketers  by like Nancy Pelosi  yeah by like Nancy Pelosi  so we say to Trump  it was a long time short hand  for like you see you can go fuck yourself  basically  but has had a resurgence  alright well I've outed myself  as having not seen Friday  do you think  is Felicia Day  in Guardians of the Galaxy?  no  I know what you're thinking of  it's the other actor  because I was hoping that the Guardians of the Galaxy  ride next door  would overhear  it's Karen Gallum  yeah sorry  they're similar looking  he also says I like  your weave carpet  yeah he says that a lot  I like your weave  also he  pronounces Jafar the Sultan  and then sorry  Miss Philippines is the Sultan  a reference to Steve Harvey  Miss Universe  Miss Universe  yeah  another not white guy  and you know what  oh but he  you said one of these  he took down Prince Charles  but he  he did some white guys  he said his chest  was like the Patriots football  he had press on it  he said here you play Tom Brady  which if you're  listening Mitch I'm sorry  he's gonna be mad  he's like  worst fucking play ever  refuses to go to the Disneyland ever again  I always have  I always have  so  I feel like to wrap up  what we should do is  this is the first thing Scott asked me  when we met  he said did I heard you have a Twitter account  for the genie from California Adventure  and I have  I have it it's still active  Mike I remember this but I didn't know that was you  that was me yes  what is the handle for people to follow  I think it's time I haven't tweeted on it  in literally 8 years  whoa  it's time for him to come back  let him out of the lamp  at topical genie  topical genie  I remember the picture getting to the  yes  wow  these are reading my own jokes but a couple of them for you  there's no one more evil and agrobot  than Jafar except the lawyers in the Casey Anthony  trial  I almost spat  food out of my mouth  these are better they age  they sat in the lamp and they're even funnier  yes I'm a genie why all the questions  what is this Jay Leno's 10 at 10  wow  if you reference the green car challenge  I'll be really impressed  I think I did here  riding on an elephant is the only way to travel  well that or participating in Jay Leno's green car challenge  yes  I'm gonna just shake your hand  now you guys know why you do it  so that's the  shared sensibilities  you can read all the rest of them here  but let's tweet one out  right now  what do we think what's topical  sorry I put everyone on the spot here  the news now  is all about concentration camps  so there's something a little lighter  let's try to get away from that if we can  I'm told the kids  like something called Fortnite  Fortnite's good  got it  oh wait that's what I was thinking on the way over  are there lives in  Fortnite like do you have infinite lives  okay so then it's like  I can't make somebody come back from the dead  make somebody come back from the dead  back from the dead  but I can start a new  game of I forget what the term is  the waiting area or the lobby  I can only send them back to the lobby in  Fortnite is it called the lobby  I think you're thinking too hard  this isn't Fortnite  I would all caps it  this isn't Fortnite  spelled F-O-R-T-N-I-T-E  what was the last tweet before this  hold on let me tweet this  and then I'll go back  this isn't Fortnite  okay got it  last one  10-7-2011  and I can't raise the dead  sorry recently deceased character actor  Charles Napier  and then I just wrote  Furby in all caps  wow the Twitter is bad  because I was asking  I love that somebody who follows that account  and the last 8 years  forgot  well also  I  I had a less successful  endeavor  that we would tweet back and forth  through each other I was at Topical Green Goblin  a topical account  based on the green goblin  spider-man turn out the dark  specifically the letterman appearance  around the same time  so we look at the replies  that will come back too  that was beautiful  that's the start of a new  let's try to keep this alive  this episode  if the only thing it did was bring back  topical genius  topical green goblin  you should come up with a topical  oh yeah  who else does jokes  just Shrek  in the waffle cart at Universal Studios  I mean anybody could  topical Shrek  topical waffle cart Shrek  I meant topical donkey  topical waffle cart donkey  yeah and all of the jokes  have to tie into things you could order  at the waffle  yeah  that interaction thing  you guys  talked about it  ET the ride  oh yeah  he would say your name  my friend Matt  and his brother Brad  they went with their friend Jeremiah  and when they were leaving  ET was like goodbye Matt  goodbye Brad  goodbye friend  yeah if he can  process money just as friend  give up  I think a good Twitter actually also  is just ET goodbyes  and then you just tweet  and ask to be a goodbye  I'm just that  well Neil Campbell I remember  kind of giving me up because he said ET didn't know  Neil's name and he was like  the one human who's left  this earth and stepped on other planets  you should love Neil Armstrong  yeah  maybe he's mad at him  in fading space  you should have a lot of respect for the one human  well there's been a few  but the most famous  oh my god well we've really achieved a lot here  so thank you for  inspiring it Paul Rust you survived  podcast the ride  much appreciated  what a fun topic  and let's exit through the gift shop is there anything  you'd like to plug oh yes  oh  you know just follow me on Instagram  and you can see announcements for fun stuff there  yeah you're on tour  don't start with that yeah  oh and also I have a  podcast as well so if people like  listening to podcasts I have a podcast with Matt  Gorley that celebrates the Friday  the 13th movies it's called  In Four He's We Trust with Gorley  and Rust yeah  even if you don't like the Friday the 13th movies  it's a fun listen yeah you guys are  funny guys it's awesome  and obviously follow us at  pod  oh no no no  Topical Genie  that's it I guess really we should  we should have a Gmail set up  for him too if you want to submit your own Topical  jokes oh yeah sure  I'll set that up by the time this is out  or just DM Topical Genie  he'll keep his slide into Topical  he would say that  yeah like during  like one break ahead of the bread line  he like slides in like I haven't seen a slide like that  since my DM yeah  which way do I go left  right or is this Tinder yeah  so let's not plug into Infinity  at Topical Genie  and all today only one bit of homework  all I have to say is Snooki  Snooki baby  forever  dog  this has been a forever dog production  executive produced by  Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan  Scott Gardner, Brett Bowum  Joe Sileo  and Alex Ramsey engineered  and mastered by Alex Arshay  for more original podcasts  please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on  Apple Podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts  keep up with the latest forever dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at foreverdogteam  and liking our page on Facebook