 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the second gate.
  I'm Jason Sheridan here with Mike Carlson as always.
  I am here, yep.
  And Scott Gerrider.
  I'm here as well.
  And today we're talking our favorite sideshow  carnival freak at the Disney park.
  What?  That's not nice.
  That is not a nice way to intro this.
  Our favorite oddity.
  Cynical view of this glorious cow.
  No, she's great, but it is a little like.
  She's great, but you said freak.
  Pay, I like in an endearing way.
  In like the movie freaks way.
  They all work out in the end.
  The green goblin freak like me.
  Like a freak, yeah.
  Needs company.
  I mean, I guess I see what you're saying  that this is a, why is this creature here  because of a birth anomaly?  Yeah.
  Which is what would bring you to a freak show.
  Pay your nickel, come into the tent, see the oddity.
  I'm just saying it's not a nice way.
  You could have said like this.
  Okay.
  Charming performer, this charming animal actor.
  This blessed lady of the live theater scene.
  I suppose.
 Unique bovine.
  Okay, fair enough.
  Fair enough.
  Well look, we'll.
  Well, this is what you get  when you let me intro the episode.
  Yeah, we can talk about a freak today.
  We're gonna talk about a.
  Some shit.
  When we enter via the skewed view of a Jason.
  A twisted world.
  A twisted world.
  I can imagine.
  Of Jason Sheridan.
  Here's one of those topics that,  what's the, I don't know, what's the way to,  some we sit on for a while  and some kind of as soon as you think of it  and remember that it existed,  you have to be doing the episode about it.
  And that's what, I just remembered Mini Moo all of a sudden  and we all agreed we had to do this right away.
  Mini Moo, the short synopsis.
  Mini Moo was a cow that lived at Disney World,  a black and white Holstein cow  who was purchased by the Walt Disney Company  because her splotches looked like Mickey's head.
  Right.
  I did not know about Mini Moo.
  Okay.
  I may have seen a picture of the cow  but I was not aware that it had a title or it had a name.
  Okay, you were vaguely aware  that there was some Mickey or cow.
  Yeah, I didn't know.
  Does anyone have any memory of meeting the cow?  I'm pretty sure I saw Mini Moo in person.
  Yeah, I can't, I must have.
  The timing works out that like.
  Yeah, so Mini Moo was where again?  Mickey's Starland.
  Mickey's Starland in the early 90s  but lived at Disney World's forever basically.
  It's a rare eternal cow.
  Yeah, lucky, by the way, lucky cow.
  We would love to live there.
  Oh yeah, absolutely.
  Yeah, yeah, and just eat out of a trough.
  Oh gosh.
  Mm-hmm, just fill up a trough with sugary cocktails.
  Give me some slop and let me live on the Swamp Land  and I'm set.
  Yeah, essentially, well then eventually  was living in a Disney World hotel.
  That's truly one of our dreams.
  Mickey's Starland early 90s then moved in the mid 90s  to the Fort Wilderness branch  where she lived at her remaining days  and had a pretty long life for a cow.
  But this was this bizarre attraction  that came from just a family from Minnesota  contacting the Disney company and saying,  hey, we have a cow with a pretty accurate Mickey shape  on its side.
  Yes, the cow was scheduled to be slaughtered.
  Uh-huh, was a poor producer of milk.
  So what justification do we have to leave them around?  Which this is like natural selection  or adaptation really in real time.
  If only all animals could will themselves  to have a corporate symbol.
  Right, yeah.
  It's tougher to do with any other company.
  Like, universal which doesn't really have  a corresponding shape, you would have to if like a.
  The globe maybe.
  I guess you could, all right, yeah, yeah.
  And you can, that's a fairly simple shape.
  Yeah.
  If a cow had a circle and you could claim  that was the universal globe,  then maybe you could sell that.
  The circle with a little bit of bars on the side,  like the text.
  That'd probably be required.
  Yes, yeah, yeah, sort of the latitude longitude lines.
  Apple would be the best, easiest one I think.
  Oh, there you go.
  Apple cow.
  Yes, yeah.
  Maybe a cow that with the silhouette of Alfred Hitchcock.
  Could have been more.
  Would have been more valuable in the 60s, 70s,  but maybe universal would at least take a meeting,  consider buying.
  Right, because I didn't realize that,  maybe we're getting ahead of ourselves.
  I didn't realize there was a cow before.
  I don't think I knew that either.
  You're talking Mickey Moo?  We're talking Mickey Moo.
  So as much as this is called Minnie Moo,  Mickey Moo is actually the original.
  Yes, yeah.
  Of the cows with a Mickey Mouse face on it.
  Mickey Moo at Disneyland.
  Right, yes.
  At the Big Thunder Ranch, I'm assuming.
  Yeah.
  And Minnie Moo lived first part of her life  after Minnesota lived in Grandma Duck's petting zoo.
  Grandma Duck, part of the extended duck universe  of Donald and Uncle Scrooge and Huey, Dewey and Louie.
  I would love to live there as well.
  Oh yeah.
  But the article I was reading was saying  that there was like an arms race created by Mickey Moo  because they had paid money for this Mickey shaped  spot on the cow.
  So then it became.
  They opened up a real like can of worms for themselves  now that eventually they had to have a person  like full time dealing with fielding requests  from will you look at this animal or inanimate object  and tell us if it's Mickey enough.
  Like a church dealing with like,  we do not need any more crying Madonnas.
  Please stop contacting us about crying Madonnas.
  If you have one though, what a shame to not be.
  Yeah, what if you, yeah.
  Not get to donate it, especially if it's blood,  which I know there's been those.
  That I would feel like would be the high demand.
  You're not getting shut down for a blood Madonna.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Do you think that you call the church  and they're like, no, we don't need anyone.
  Well, what if I told you the tears were blood?  I'm listening.
  It would be the person.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I think they would, if you could get that out  before they hung up the phone.
  What if the Madonna was crying into a shape, a Mickey shape?  The tears had made a Mickey shape.
  Wow.
  On the painting.
  Would that be displayed?  Where would that be displayed in one of the parks?  That feels like exhausting gallery art.
  That feels like piss Christ or, or.
  But you don't know that.
  That is a net.
  Well, yeah, I guess you'd end up in a bidding war  between the Catholic church and Disney  and it would ultimately be bought by Banksy.
  Yes.
  That's a perfect installation for Chismaland.
  Chuck Klosterman or Douglas Copeland just on the side  going like, yeah, yeah, I wanna write about this.
  I was just gonna say.
  10,000 words here, no problem.
  Yeah.
  I was just gonna say it'd be in the Wonder Ground Gallery  at Downtown Disney.
  Oh yeah, probably at this point, probably.
  Yeah, that's all I think.
  I think it would be just nice.
  They would just be like, your favorites are together.
  The hidden Mickey ears and the blessed mother fairy.
  And if it just eternally ran that way,  like no matter how much it cried,  the tears stayed limited to the two smaller pools  and the one bigger pool.
  Great.
  And that they stayed a perfect circle.
  If I could get my AP discount and buy it,  I think it would be great.
  Well, but they always do like lines of stuff.
  So they would have like, you know,  the religious mashup line.
  But then like Shag would draw a version of it.
  Shag would draw a version.
  Like a retro version of it.
  A 60s style.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Cause it's a miracle.
  It's not, you know, they could make a bunch,  but only one would be the miracle.
  Right.
  And they do display the original art in there  and you can buy it for a lot of money  and then they have prints.
  Yeah.
  You can just buy prints of it.
  Oh, I see.
  So yeah, yeah, it's like a naturally occurring print.
  Yeah, so the phenomenon would be the original  and that would cost a lot.
  And then there would be the similes  and then there would be the locusts  that would destroy the Wonder Grand Gallery  due to sacrilege.
  This place is an abomination.
  Yeah.
  Well, yeah.
  So, well, you know, we are only one,  this is a less religious symbol,  but you know, equally beautiful, equally awe inspiring.
  I'd like to think that they,  as soon as the ear shapes formed,  that all these families like cried,  they dropped to their knees.
  Well, obviously, like for me,  at least from the way I was raised,  that is much more religious.
  Mickey's face is much more religious.
  Well, you have better attendance.
  Oh yeah, that's very true.
  Hopefully my mom doesn't listen to this Patreon episode.
  Even though we didn't go to church,  we didn't go, I don't know why this is upsetting.
  If we went, I would get it, but anyway.
  So if somehow Disneyland.
com slash AP  would track your visits to Disneyland in a year  and your visits to church in a year.
  Oh, it would not look good.
  86 to zero.
  No, higher than 80.
  I think I might like.
  I can't tell when they reset.
  I don't think it's.
  Well, mine just reset,  but I'm already back up to like 40, I think.
  Mine reset like a year, two years ago.
  And I had been up to 110.
  And that was like an unbroken stretch  of like five years, maybe.
  So I truly could not calculate.
  I have no idea how many times.
  Well, you've gotta be over 250, I bet.
  I don't know, maybe.
  How often would you go as a kid?  Only once a year as a kid.
  I'm way more now.
  When did you get the annual pass?  I've only started having one like 2010  and I haven't had it consistently.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
  Maybe you're, I bet you're hovering around 200.
  You might be higher.
  Really? Yeah.
  I feel like you're higher.
  Really? Yeah.
 Maybe.
  This might be of interest to the eye.
  Could we somehow like,  we just with photographs like figure it out.
  Although I don't know.
  I didn't have like a camera handy as much in 2005, 2006.
  So that couldn't.
  Cause then I do you do factor in.
  We could compare last 10 years probably.
  Yeah.
 If you factor in like the times  where I would go to WonderCon  and just show up for an hour or two,  like I guess there's a little extra stuff in there.
  Maybe, yeah, maybe.
  I wish Disney would have done a better job.
  It should have just been linked to my social security number.
  It should come out when I do a credit check.
  There should be just information of like my whole history.
  And then.
 Yeah.
  And you should be offered a better credit line  because that proves what a good boy you are.
  Like would a guy going to Disneyland all the time  be a problem?  You think I would commit fraud?  No, I need to buy a new car.
  This would really help me out.
  Actually, if you pay the monthly,  you know, the pay the monthly annual pass,  you do have to sign like a loan,  a no interest loan document.
  So it is probably helpful to your credit.
  Right.
 But I don't know if the credit companies  care as much about the attendance  as much as the payment.
  No, but the paying on time, which I have.
  Bank of America was for a year or two is constantly getting hacked.
  So I was constantly getting new cards.
  Oh, yes.
 That happened to me.
  That's why I'm out.
  That's it.
 I get hacked so like it was once every couple of months.
  And so I think it's very funny.
  If you sign up for Disney email lists, which I at some point,  I signed up for all of them because there's you always hear rumors  of like super secret survey coupon sort of things.
  If you sign up for all these nonsense email lists,  they're very colorful and there's graphics and everything.
  When there is a failed payment on your annual pass,  they send you a black and white sternly worded plain text email.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Saying, please call us and update your card.
  Legally is the word Disney is barely in there.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  It like the email emits a foul scent, makes you nauseous.
  They're trying to poison you.
  Mm hmm.
  Yeah, they mean business, really.
  Less magical, less magical than the fantastic world of many.
  Moo and they're there.
  Let me go here.
 I'll go backwards to to Mickey Moo.
  I don't know why we call it many.
  Moo when there is also Mickey Moo.
  Could we call the episode many and Mickey Moo?  I don't know.
 I don't like it as much.
  Well, I mean, focus on me.
 Yeah.
  I mean, you started to you mentioned that they had to like assign someone to this  because there were other items, too.
 Right.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, here let me let me explain.
  Let me back up to to to Mickey Moo, which was a couple.
  I got it back.
 Let me back up to Mickey Moo.
  So this was part of they were contacted by this family.
  Now, I forget where Mickey Moo came from.
  Fill in if you guys know.
  But our notes somewhere.
  Mickey Moo lined up nicely to be purchased by the Disney company  because they were doing a state fair event.
  Were you guys previously aware of state fair at Disneyland?  Well, I've heard of that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I know that.
  Was that the one where there was like the ball of death on Main Street with the motorcycles?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Unless that was the circus.
  That was the circus.
 OK.
  This was a weird thing where they I think they might have done this multiple years.
  And kind of the oddest thing about it is that there were temporary Ferris wheels  all over the park in front of the train station, I think, in front,  maybe in front of the castle, one in Big Thunder Ranch.
  So that's just an odd that there's like temporary carnival rides  in what is otherwise a much more mature theme park.
  You've also got this poster that I'll show you guys  for state fair at Disneyland, the state you want to be in.
 Wow.
  Mickey or Goofy is a band like a marching band leader.
  And Mickey and Minnie are in folksy clothes and they're offering you a big, fresh baked pie.
  Jason, are you OK? I'm already out the door.
  I don't know where I'm going to, but I'm running.
  I mean, if they had a modern campaign where Mickey and Minnie were holding up a pie,  you can't get a full pie in Disneyland, can you?  A full, full fresh fresh pie.
  You can and not.
  I think getting a slice of pie is a little difficult, honestly.
  Yeah.
 So I'm just saying that that would  because right now there's an issue with attendance at the Disneyland Resort.
  And I'm just saying that there's a lot of pie.
  Some sort of Marie Callender, buy a pie, get a pie promotion, you're suggesting.
  I'm not even I'm not even saying a promotion.
  I'm just saying pies.
  If you get a full pie somewhere on Main Street,  they were doing some sort of Twitter hashtag of like, hey, we're going to highlight,  you know, treats and and like snacks under eight dollars.
  Like that was one of their attempts to drive a business.
  But I'm saying pies.
  I'm saying if that happened, you would be down there twice as much.
 Sure.
  And your number shoots way up.
 Yeah, my number.
 Yeah.
  My right.
 And you you pass me up on the on the visits.
  Yeah.
 So you say if they replaced the current posters with the Millennium Falcon  with just a big flying cream pie flying high.
  Oh, yeah, there's an overlay.
  There's a pie overlay.
  You have to fly a giant pie.
  Honda wants you to get inside the pie.
  The banana cream pie colon hobos are on  because you have to get it off the windowsill.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Because  Mrs.
 Mabel is mad at you, but you're also running because you're like,  oh, it's hot, it's hot.
  You know, you're yeah.
  Getting between your hands.
  We've all done it.
  And they they mod out the Honda Anaco robot to be Mrs.
  Mabel, to be like a stern woman with a with a rolling pin.
  Somebody took my pie.
  Yeah.
 And the Star Wars, the data pad is is the equivalent of  when you aim it at things, it doesn't show you like secret transmissions  or like resistance codes.
  It shows you like the markings of like this house is friendly.
  This house is good for a meal.
  This hat like don't go in here.
  Scary dog.
 Yeah.
  The hobo code.
 Yeah.
  You can use the play Disney app to learn the hobo code.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, that's good.
  I would like maybe that that seems like a way they could get people in,  like a hobo code themed short time offer in a magic.
  Yeah.
 An immersive hobo  the situation immersive hobo like game, I guess.
  Yeah.
 Like Ghost Town alive.
  Yeah.
 This is actually as I'm saying this, I'm like, there's 100 percent  of hobo code and ghost town alive.
  I don't know.
 There is no, you know, there is.
  OK, well, we'll go to not to ask.
  I'm also into, by the way, that OK, there was the  Cinderella Castle modded out to be a cake for their birthdays.
  There are future.
  Is there a future Disney anniversary where it's everything is food?  Oh, yeah.
 Millennium Falcon is a pie.
  That one's ready to go.
  Big Thunder Mountain is a big pile of whipped cream.
  Matterhorn also whipped cream, probably.
  Sure.
 Sure.
 Some sort of pastry.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Space Mountain Matterhorn Macaron.
  You make it look like the macros that you buy across the door.
  All of Macca, the big stack of macaroons.
  That's well, no, it's like the actual macro in the Matterhorn Macaron  is a real treat you can buy.
  Oh, I didn't know that.
  Oh, the bakery.
 It's delicious.
  It's like a coconut macaroon, but stacked and it's got icing on top like it's snow.
  Oh, OK.
  Could Space Mountain be filled with fondue?  Could that just be a sort like an orange?  It's like the pain pouring out from the top.
  That would that's great.
  That's even better.
 Yeah.
  Big plops of fudge coming out of it.
  Big plops.
 Yeah, that's good.
  Mm hmm.
  And then the Grizzly Peak, like as we're doing the other side,  is there a dessert that looks like that looks like a thing?  You could put like a honeycomb in the bear's mouth.
  Bears like honey, right?  Well, the mouth is open already.
  I mean, it's not exactly what we were talking like.
  It's adjacent to what we were talking about.
  I like it, though.
 Yeah.
  Or a picnic basket.
  Oh, that would get copyright weird.
  I'm just trying to think of what you could you could wedge a slice of cake.
  You could wedge anything in the bear's mouth.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
  You could wedge any food you want.
  But he stole it from a picnic basket.
  Yeah.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  They don't they own Yogi Bear already?  It seems like they should.
 Warner Brothers.
  I think Warner Brothers.
  It just came out in the wash.
 Right.
  Guardians could turn into like a gingerbread house.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That would be pretty good.
  The colors are already there.
 Very good.
  Just add a little icing.
 Mm hmm.
  All right.
 So we're talking what 70th anniversary?  When's the next one? It's around the corner.
  Yeah, 70, I guess.
  Everything is dessert.
 65.
  I objected to the Cinderella Castle cake before, but I think I was just sad  for the other buildings that they don't get to be dessert.
  Yeah, I was.
  Did you see there's an holiday overlay on Space Mountain in Florida this year?  For the Christmas Christmas overlay of what?  Space Mountain.
 What do you mean? What is it?  It's like Christmas music playing and like lights in there.
  Wild.
 Really? I like I want to see what it's like, but I don't think we'll see.
  We're at our live show.
  I don't think we'll be open by then.
 And the Speedway too, right?  Yeah, and the Speedway is like some holiday Speedway thing.
  So they're getting a little weirder.
 Yeah.
  And I think no ghost galaxy for us, though, at Halloween.
  No ghost galaxy.
  And we don't get the Christmas thing.
  And we don't.
 I don't believe we get the Christmas thing.
  And they had the Jingle Cruise last year, but we didn't have it last year.
  But when we had the Jingle Cruise, it was nothing.
  It was just like a Santa hat on the elephant.
  It was barely anything different.
  Don't remind me.
 Yeah, I'm mad about it.
  Still so fucking pissed.
  We were I was I was like I was like on the Jingle Cruise.
  It'd be really cool.
 It was not.
  I think the last year they did it.
 They did a little more.
  I think you're right.
 I think I'm just remembering that first year.
  The first year was pretty light.
  Is there any plot justification?  Is it Santa Mountain?  And it's like a it's like a depiction of his launch, like when he's like  leaving the North Pole going into the sky to begin his run.
  I have to I don't remember.
  I think it was just like fun Christmas music and colorful lights on Space Mountain.
  OK, I don't think it's like you're Santa.
  It distracts you from the crippling back pain  that you get from that you get from Space Mountain.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Not as bad as a Matterhorn, but close, close.
  Mm hmm.
  A simulation of Santa's back pain from being  100 years old.
 Mm hmm.
  Yeah.
 Hauling presents.
  Yeah.
 Hauling, hauling a non ergonomic shaped sack.
  Being 800 years old in some drawings, weighing 800 pounds.
  Eight hundred pounds.
  I mean, there's a pretty non flattering drawings of Santa Claus.
  Fair, but I don't know if he goes over 500.
  I mean, but he's got that big sack.
  I'd like to see the 800 pounds.
  Make him eight feet tall.
  But the obese Santa Claus for some.
  Pounds is like you got to get him out of the trailer.
  Like you got to remove the wall.
  Not if he's tall.
  I mean, if you make him really  he's also tall.
  They well, I mean, he's eight feet and 800 tall.
  Eight hundred pounds.
  Santa's operates in the rules of eights.
  He's eight feet tall.
  He's 800 years old and he is 800 pounds  and he has eight reindeer.
  So that's true.
  And they have to poke him out of bed with their handlers.
  Prolly, his almost immovable body.
  You have to do an aerial lift, pulling him out of the top.
  All these connections and everything.
  This is like the Christmas overlay of the number 23.
  The number 23.
  Don't you see eight recurs all over Christmas?  All right.
 The days of Christmas.
  I know there's 12 all told, but eight is in there.
  Right.
 You have to do eight within the 12.
  I'm telling you, eights.
  Figure eights when you figure skate.
  Yeah, that's a holiday thing.
  You turn eight sideways, it's an infinity sign.
  Christmas forever.
  I think Christmas will live forever.
  Christmas will always live.
  Santa lives forever.
  Keep it in our hearts.
  Eights.
  All right.
 Anyway, Scott, an hour ago,  you had some Mickey Moo stuff that you wanted to share.
  Please go on.
  OK.
 The state fair event is coming up.
  Oh, my God, you have a cow with a Mickey shape.
  That would be perfect.
  We will buy this cow.
  It will live out its days on Big Thunder Ranch,  and it will be called Mickey Moo.
  Mickey Moo, also female, I should mention.
  Both Minnie and Mickey Moo are females.
  I forget where the first one came from.
  The second one was from Minnesota.
  Hey, why don't we stay on this cow buying spree?  Might as well get this one, too.
  The terms of the deal, they could not say  how much it went for an undisclosed amount of money.
  So I don't know what practically  a cow with Mickey shapes on it fetches  at market.
  It's very limited market that only happened twice.
  I bet it went for like 100 grand.
  I don't know.
 I don't know.
  Because I don't know.
 I bet it went for maybe not.
  Maybe 50 grand, 50 to 100 grand.
  That's my guess.
  Somewhere I saw what the.
  OK, well, later to jump around,  then this phenomenon kept occurring a little bit,  and they didn't bite too many more times, but they did on these pigs  Mickey Pig and Mickey Piglet.
  They got less creative with the names.
  Siblings, right? Brothers, I believe.
  Oh, I guess so.
 Yeah, they were bought together.
  So so in this, I bring this up to say that I do have a number here.
  Teresa Reuter, the owner of these pigs,  did say she and her husband wouldn't lose any money by not sending  the six month pig to market where it would have fetched about one hundred  and thirty dollars.
  So that's what we know is that they would have gotten by maybe per pig  one hundred thirty bucks.
  So it's at least more than one hundred and thirty dollars.
 Right.
  Is it as much as one hundred thousand dollars?  I don't know.
 Disney is a little cheap.
  And if that's what they're talking if if they sit down with farmers  and they say, well, I'll tell you what, it's got to be more than one hundred  thirty, because that's what I'm going to fetch at market for this.
  They might say one hundred fifty sold.
  So it's anywhere between one hundred and thirty and one hundred thousand dollars.
  That's all we know.
  We can narrow down.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  I saw in here that it said on this article said Mickey  Moo was survived by Minnie Moo, two similarly marked pigs,  which is what I believe you're talking about.
  And a shriveled potato.
  Yes, the potato.
 Yeah.
  Do we know how much the potato fetched?  I do have another financial figure related to the potato.
  Now, again, as part of the deal, they could not say,  OK, so this is what they made for it.
  But let me let me find this info.
  OK, so a family in Lincoln, Nebraska, bought a bunch of potatoes.
  The mother of said family was about to mash them when she pulled it out  and saw that it was several conjoined potatoes forming Mickey's head.
  And this seemed to have some dimensionality to it, too,  where it maybe had the like the the snout and the nose.
  There was kind of like it wasn't just the shape.
  It was maybe.
 Did you see a photo of it?  Those exist.
 Yeah, there's a black and white.
  And a lot of info in this, by the way, credit to Rob Plays on YouTube,  who made a great video outlining a lot of this stuff.
  So I think in his video, you can maybe see that potato.
  But yeah, this one's a real fine because there's some dimensionality.
  I'm glad that the cows don't have a 3D Mickey head extruding from its side.
  I'd be very concerned about their health  or if their utter was in the wrong place, like off off on the right,  forming Mickey Mouse's smiling face.
  That's a little grotesque.
  Yeah, I'm describing some Cronenberg and stuff.
  Body horror.
  Milk me.
  They would make it.
  It would make it talk.
  Well, with projection, with projection.
  Oh, it's a projection map that potato.
  Yeah, maybe we got to find a new potato that looks like Mickey.
  I mean, there are certain chip that looks like blank.
  If you search that, like I was trying to find, like, I know there was a chip  or a potato that looked like it had the face of Jesus Christ on it.
  That was for sale for a while.
  But then you just find all these listicles of like chips  that look like other things or chips like people.
  And you're not impressed by those.
  That sounds pretty run of the mill.
  I I wouldn't say run of the mill.
  I would say its own thing, its own ecosystem.
  I say, sure, sure.
  Are you have you found a bite?  I searched potato Disney World Mickey and I just got pictures of Mr.
 Potato Head.
  OK.
 Hmm.
  Being here somewhere.
  So look, if Nebraska family sold Disney and potato,  the deal would be off if they said the specifics.
  But in the interim, when this was a now like there was, I think at the time  there were maybe a lot of newspaper articles and weird media about this,  because like any cash for grabs situation  is going to attract a little bit of attention and like how it feels, you know,  and people being like jealous of money for nothing.
  Like you just you your cow happened to form this and then Disney buys it.
  That's pretty weird.
  Other people are trying to get in on this.
  So a Nebraska radio station found out about this wasn't sure  if the deal had closed, offered the family five thousand dollars  if they gave it to them to mash up and or turn into French fries  or cook them up or something.
  And they turned it down and they said that we turned it down  because we wanted Disney to have it.
  But that was more than Disney would have offered.
  I'll tell you that.
  So five thousand dollars was distinctly more.
  They actually commented on that.
  Five thousand dollars, way more than they they got for the potato from Disney.
  But they wanted the honor that living in the park.
 Right.
  This is also negotiating tactic.
  They're going to pull on us if any of us ever work for Disney Plus  acting or writing.
  Well, the honor it's less.
  We heard your podcast.
  We know you just say, well, let's get lucky.
  You set foot on this lot at all, motherfucker.
  What if we invite invited you to the  PhilharMagic premiere press event? All right.
  All right.
 OK.
 So so the salary becomes two hundred dollars per episode of  22 episode dramatic series I'm producing for you.
  OK, can do.
  But I got a free slice of pie at the premiere event.
  All right.
 Great.
 You get a voucher.
  So it'll be three dollars.
 Yeah.
 Close enough.
  So wait, so who offered them five thousand a radio station?  Oh, OK.
 Yeah.
 They said no.
  It's all all of this story harkens back to an earlier,  not just like to the time of carnivals charging you to look at oddity,  but to like a time when like the oddly enough section of the newspaper was like  that was the good wholesome.
  Now I feel like all the AP, oddly enough, stuff is like  Florida Man on meth opens fire on cartoon.
  The statue of Cartoon Alligator or something like that.
  Or like two bath salts face years met and get married, got married.
  Yeah.
 Try to do it.
  Graduations.
  Try to rob Ronald McDonald statue.
  Yeah, I was just going to say, like the bath salts would look like Mickey now,  at least like there would be a little bit of cuteness in the middle  of a horrible story about people.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And when do they get into the drug market? Disney.
 Yeah.
  That's a dystopian future thing in 30 years that like Disney is one of the main  pharmaceutical companies and they they sell pills.
  They sell their like make whatever their brand of it's not Xanax.
  It's Dysnax and it's it's got Mickey ears.
  Yeah, that is.
 Oh, it's not.
  It's not out of the question with the way all the corporations are merging  into just like one giant company.
  It is not out of the question.
  They will just have to own pills.
  Yeah, that will be like, well, Universal owns their whole pill company.
  And Warner Brothers owns a pill.
  Comcast owns a pill company and AT&T does.
  So we need our own pill company.
  Not officially, but like I feel like I have seen news stories of like ecstasy  pills that look like cartoon characters.
 Oh, yeah, that's like, yeah, sure, sure.
  So at what point do they get in on it?  And why Warner Brothers is missing out, not selling their own Daffy Duck  ecstasy pill.
  When does Universal start selling minion official minion memes?  Minions, yeah.
  They're perfect.
 They're pretty pill shaped as it is.
  Oh, yeah, those would go in nice, easy, very easy.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Nobody looks forward to taking one.
  But you see the friendly face of Bob.
  Bob.
 Yeah, right.
 Bob.
  It's a collab.
  Minions, minions, ex fentanyl.
  And the thing talks maybe to or just says like banana.
  Oh, yeah.
 That's good.
  Or just goes like, oof.
  Right.
  Yeah, I mean, this is like a joke, but also doesn't seem like.
  It's possible.
 Honestly, it is very possible.
  There'll be two companies left and they'll own everything.
  Sure.
 So, yeah.
  And like if I'm going to take anti-anxiety medication.
  Well, yeah, you're going to go with an IP you like.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  You're not going to do some generic pill.
 Who gives a shit?  Yeah.
 Go with a brand you trust.
  Yeah.
 It's made me happy for a long time.
  And now they're going to make me happy.
  And well, five times a day.
 And well,  you're going to fix me.
 You're going to fix my body.
  Yeah, they'll own pills and weapons.
  So I didn't want to jump around too much, but it did build to a point.
  I found an article where there there was a literal person who was in.
  Her name is Pam Parks.
  And she was among others.
  She's a PR person for Disney.
  But among her other duties, she was put in charge of the perfect Mickey file  and she would assess offers that came in  and did them the dignity of responding like when the when the article  I found in the Orlando Sentinel, it's you know, here's a little case study.
  She just found out about a cat that has sort of Mickey spots on its side.
  And she wrote a whole letter and said, your cat is adorable.
  You must feel very blessed and very proud.
  Unfortunately, at this time, I have to tell you that it does not  constitute a perfect Mickey.
 Wow.
  Which this is also in dystopia where this is some weird area and kind of like,  but it is not a perfect Mickey.
  Measure the circumference.
  This is she worked out of a warehouse.
  And I feel like I made this reference recently.
  I can't remember if it was in conversation or on the podcast.
  The part of doing a podcast.
  I don't remember what we said.
  Pam Parks works out of the warehouse from Raiders of the Lost Ark.
  At the end, they put the Ark in the top men.
  Top men, Dr.
 Jones, are working on it.
  So she locked these cats, unfortunately, to assess them.
  They have to keep them.
  Like if you if you show us your cat, we now own the cat.
  And then the cat is put in a crate.
  So there's a warehouse full of Mickey shaped animals.
  Yeah.
 We probably haven't seen a quarter of the perfect Mickey's.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Perfect Mickey.
  And if they knew they have to control the population of perfect Mickey's also,  because if they're if people knew how many, how often it was occurring  in society, then everybody would be hounding them for money.
  So they have to act as if it was only these two cows and these two pigs.
  And this right potato or else they'd have to shell out for it to everybody.
  So the only perfect Mickey's that are the more unless you found more  are the two pigs, the two cows and a shriveled potato.
  Yes.
 Those were the only ones that they acknowledged.
  Acknowledge and publicize.
  And you know this.
  How long this position was around for?  Sure.
 I mean, they didn't do any purchasing, I don't believe,  past 1992 because that article that I read was from 92.
  And I don't I'm not aware of any since then.
  She even says, like, you know, we're pretty careful with this stuff.
  And even, you know, in the food thing, I don't think we're just going to go  buying up anything.
  And I think also very little besides a potato would work in this area.
  Although you never know.
 I just heard about a strawberry.
  So that was a real cliffhanger in the article.
  Pam Parks has a strawberry to check out.
  Whatever happened to that perfect straw, perfect Mickey's strawberry  in the warehouse, the examined by top men.
  And it's been growing and growing.
  And one day it's going to crack out of that crate.
  Do you think this is all do you think this is almost like aliens in Area 51  for when a new CEO comes into Disney, like when Iger came in,  they were like, we have to show you the perfect Mickey's  and they bring him into like a warehouse.
  And it's like perfect strawberry Mickey.
  And it's just animals.
  They're some dead, some alive with perfect Mickey shapes,  just being bought to be kept out of the public eye.
  It's like the collectors, like some are in cryogenic tubes.
  And yeah, it's the collector from Sardines of Galaxy.
  Yeah, it's exactly like that.
  They just had to copy what it looks like.
  And then Iger's like, oh, my, my God.
  And it's down in the, you know,  it's the broadband Glendale area of southern California is filled with Disney  offices, warehouses, sound stages.
  So it's very possible the perfect Mickey's are stored by the train tracks  before the brewery, but after the strip like the strip club.
  And there's like a guy, there's like a Brent Spiner from Independence Day  style scientist that's in there that's curating all of it.
  There's some very interesting things happening around here.
  Right.
 Look a lot.
  Well, then I think what we need to do is start a Facebook group  for anyone who is interested in raiding this place.
  Area area, M.
M.
  If we Naruto run, we can run faster than their bullets.
  They can't stop all of us.
  Yeah, I mean, yeah, they can't stop all of us.
  Cut to nine people in this group.
  None of us making eye contact.
  Oh, hey, good to see you.
  How long you been in the group? Three months.
 OK, cool.
  Well, you want to go do it then?  Save the perfect Mickey's.
  Go save this perfect Mickey's.
  I think I'm excited to see that strawberry gunned down all of us right away.
  Very easily.
  Bred in a lab to have perfect Mickey's all over our bodies.
  Bob J.
  Peck overseeing it.
  Yes.
 Very good.
  And speaking of gunned down, Mickey Moop passed away in 1993.
  And.
  Oh, no, no, no.
  I mean, well, there's only this is that's a way that barnyard animals die.
  That's for sure.
  I found an article is that  the official company line is she died of old age.
  But according to Disneyland spokesman John McClintock, very strong name.
  Mickey Moop was used in eyes because of, quote,  some kind of intestinal disorder, the vet determined to be terminal.
  And now Mickey shaped tumors in the intestine.
  That's a kind of that's the kind of perfect Mickey you don't want to.
  And now that's too hard to remove.
  That's the problem.
 Yeah.
  So and how old was Mickey or Mickey Moop?  That's Mickey not Mickey.
  Mickey Mickey Moop died in 1993.
  Minnie Moop lived longer, much longer, lived until 2001.
  Her page, 15 years old.
  The how old? 15, 15.
  Long for a cow.
  Old for that kind of.
 Yeah.
 For a cow.
  Her fandom page listed years active as 84 to 2001,  which is just the years alive.
  Years active, years active.
  Well, that's where you say for a band, like how long they toured for.
  It's very strange.
  That's how long she was a cow.
  The whole life.
 Yeah.
  The Mickey symbol, though, was she was born with it.
  So that is she was in it is.
  She was an active piece of Disney branding for her entire life.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 You know, we haven't talked about really is what.
  So what was this?  So, OK, so Mickey or Minnie Moop  was in the parks and they advertise this in in 1991  is the 20th anniversary of Disney World.
  And there was some like a big newspaper spread  and something in Reader's Digest or something.
  It was like 20 new things for our 20th anniversary.
  And number 18 or 19 was Minnie Moop.
  Come see Minnie Moop, the miraculous cow with the Mickey shape.
  And you could go, you pet it, probably.
  You could touch it.
  You could watch it walk around.
  And that was it, I guess.
  This video is on YouTube of people filming Minnie Moop.
 Yep.
  I mean, like, I think a cool, a cool thing to have there.
  But once you see it, that's kind of it.
  There's no show just sort of walks around and is a cow.
  This has me concerned because I feel like I've seen the phrase  50 new things for the 50th anniversary.
  And I'm very curious how they're going to pad that list out.
  It's a lot.
 Yeah, it's a lot more.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Well, that's what the labs for.
  Right.
 They're going to open up the vault.
  Forty five of the 50 things are cows.
  They've been amassing them and breeding them.
  There's one is a ride and 45 are cows.
  And then five new Instagram walls,  four new Instagram walls, one cupcake.
  Yeah, it's like a lavender triangle.
  Cool.
 Graham, if you could.
  OK.
 And then, you know, obviously, Graham, those cows.
  Mm hmm.
 So the Iron Man cow.
  Yeah, it's it's all iron cow.
  Bing Bong Moo.
  Spider Man Moo.
 Spider Man Moo.
  I don't think they could.
  I mean, many so many boo was eventually moved to the Fort Wilderness  Resort and Campgrounds Tri Circle D Ranch.
  But the grandma's petting zoo pictures, like people are just sitting  on top of the fence, like liability.
  I guess I mean, you could pet a horse pretty close in a pet.
  But like they had a they always had cast members there of like,  no, you can't climb on the fence.
  And like the early 90s, people were just like hanging over into the pen.
  Though that may have just been the photo op, like let's, you know,  act as if you can get up close.
  Oh, that's true.
 Maybe.
  Yeah.
 Rub that Mickey head.
  But you're not getting that close.
  Yeah, I'm surprised you I would think you would have done the.
  You've seen the cow.
  We were there for the 20th.
  Like we have 20th merchandise.
  Because when we used to go to Disneyland, when they when Big Thunder  Ranch was still there, you always wanted to make a point of seeing the goats  and seeing the.
 I love the cow.
  There was a cow there.
  There was a cow and there was the horses would be in and out.
  Yeah, yeah, the horses were there.
  The horse was the was the horse, the one that we were there when there was.
  He had a giant erection.
  I think so.
 Yeah, it was insane.
  Wow.
 So but we would always go not to see the erection,  but to see just the goats in general.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So I would think that that would have left some.
  There's got to be a photo of you.
  There's got to be a photo.
 Yeah.
  If you had that interest.
  Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
  We got to I got to start digging next time at home  because we had a tendency to box up photo.
  Keep keep photos in good condition.
 Box them up.
  But also by photo albums.
  Yeah.
 Never look at them and never get them in the albums.
  Yeah, we have.
 Yeah, we have.
  We got I got to go through all of it, too.
  Yeah, I keep finding good little treasures.
  This thing's I've been meaning to come bring on the show and talk about.
  We barely opened up the vault.
  Our vault, our vault, our warehouse.
  There's a lot of good stuff in there.
  So perfect.
  A lot of perfect good boys in those.
  I I'll tease this.
  I found a magazine article.
  I wrote like a I had some like magazine project for school.
  Oh, my.
 And I.
  We had to like populate a whole magazine and I styled mine like Entertainment Weekly.
  Your favorite magazine.
  I loved it too.
  That's why Lent was rough for me growing up because I on  were Good Friday because I had to be sad that Jesus was on the cross  and I couldn't go get my entertainment weekly.
  So I did my own entertainment weekly and I wrote a cover story  about Hollywood being very immoral.
  Oh, my.
 Wow.
  As a 10 year old boy.
  My goodness.
  I've been meaning to bring that in.
  I don't want to say any more about it, but I will.
  We will.
 One of these episodes, you will hear 10 year old  Scott Garner's thoughts about Hollywood morality.
  Oh, wow.
  Where were you? Just I don't think I knew the word morality.
  Well, you are not as good of a Catholic as I was in any kind of.
  You are in any kind of.
  Just a quick tease.
  So where do you think you got all of that information from?  From church? Yeah, probably from like  homilies, because I do remember I always lit up when there was a pop culture  reference in a sermon, and this would have been after that.
  But I do really specifically only one of my only church memories  was when the priests started getting into.
  And there is a film.
  There is a vile film coming to theaters across this country.
  A film called Dogma, which it is supposed  that Christ was made in an impure way.
  And like, wow, I think I remember like powder being talked about in a sermon.
  And I was like, I will never see this filthy dogma.
  How dare they?  Actually, you were you were  following the trend, like most of America said, I'm not going to see dogma.
  Actually, you were on on trend for that.
  Now psyched for dogma, too.
 Yeah.
  I cannot wait to see how emaciated every member of dogma to it  and how they explain Chris Rock's not being involved.
  Mm hmm.
 I just as just a counterpoint, like  Protestant, like Presbyterian pastors and stuff,  when they would bring up pop culture, it would always be a way into the sermon.
  And I cannot I lost track of how many times I would hear someone going,  you know, I was at the mall this week and and it was it was always something so.
  And like I it was like I saw a poster that's,  you know, for sale of a kitten and it said, keep your head up.
  And Jesus gave that message to the apostles as well.
  To keep your head up when you're feeling blue and  we are all fighting an infinity war against the evil forces of this.
  You know that I would like I'm now I'm upset.
  I didn't know if we're going to get stuff like that, because I bet they're  getting really culturally to keep the kids in the sea.
  You missed out on the comic book Bible.
  What do you mean? We talk about.
  Oh, well, this was we would get like little serialized pamphlets of it.
  But you could also buy a full like Archie Goodwin or so,  like some big comic book person illustrated a full comic book.
  But they would sell on infomercials and stuff.
  I would I would read that.
 Yeah.
  I know Bible Man, the Willie Ames show.
 Oh, yeah.
  I mean, we honestly, now that I say it out loud, that's an episode.
  Yeah, I know.
  You know, Bible Man.
 Oh, hell yeah.
  I know the freeze, but I know the context.
  Oh, maybe we just cancel everything we're doing next and we do Bible.
  I found really cheap Bible Man invitation, like like a birthday party.
  I invited people to a birthday party with Bible Man  invitations when I was like 19 or something.
  Oh, yeah.
 Bible Man's on the docket now.
 Yeah.
  That's a thing.
 Yeah.
  Let's just expose you to it.
 Yeah.
  Don't look at it.
 Yeah.
  I I Scott, I feel like you have a book,  a book of essay or like a one man show in you of like, you know, I even  it's one of the things that's helpful about a podcast.
  You start a podcast and you think, well, I'm not in.
  I don't have stories from my life.
  And then you start like digging like, I wonder if there's an old Disney map  in this box.
 Oh, my God.
  I wrote an article about immorality in Hollywood.
  And you really forget like, oh, that's not what other kids did, is it?  Oh, I drew something I called a better Disney map.
  I did make OJ land.
  I mean, you didn't make a parody, topical parody.
  That is park.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The listener is listening to this for some reason on Patreon and hasn't gone back.
  What episode was that? I don't remember.
  I think it's Mission Impossible.
 Oh, really?  I believe I think it's a Mission Impossible episode, I think.
  Yeah.
 Don't tell that sounds right.
  Yeah.
 That photo, that photocopy, one of my prize possessions.
  I also have mine upstairs.
 I have not got.
  Yeah, I kept it.
  I just found the original in this box of treasures.
  Let's all any if you're going home soon, Jason, next time you do my let's all  make sure we end up with a lot of treasures.
  We can even do it.
  We could spread them out through episodes.
  We could do an episode that is like, you know,  raiding the pockets, the right vaults of it.
  Sure.
 There's a lot of incriminating shit.
  And by that, I mean, yeah, so pure that it is only incriminating  in a strange, perverse way.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 In a literal sense.
  Jason, of course, playing a Nazi is a 12 year old.
  I mean, someday he's got it.
  I got it.
 I got it.
  So that's coming.
  Let me as we let's let's get our remaining many things in here.
  Did you guys know that Minimoo was welcomed to  Disney World with the with a there's a little like photo op day  in front of Mickey's house, you know, where the where he needs to make a call  and uses the den, there's a big sign that says welcome Minimoo.
  And he and Minimoo is being welcomed by a generic Disney spokesperson,  Mickey, in kind of a ranch uniform.
  And can you see who that is on the far right?  I know you're a little far away from my iPad.
  My eyes are not so good.
  And I know this is not the answer.
  It looks like professional wrestler Brian knobs, but that is not who it is.
  And with the white hair.
  Here, let me let me zoom in.
  Yeah, it's a guy with big, thick black glasses.
  I think I have a guess.
  Yeah.
 Is it Bruce Vila?  Is that right? Bradbury? No, no, no.
  It's Harry Carrey.
 There you go.
  Harry Carrey, famous Cubs announcer Harry Carrey, yeah,  was on hand to welcome Minimoo, a cow with a Disney, with a Mickey  ship into the part.
 Well, because his famous catchphrase,  when something impressive or cool would happen, he would say, holy cow.
  And that's why that's great.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  I was looking at the picture and thinking, who's this Harry Carrey looking guy?  Oh, my God, it is him.
  Yeah.
 This site, whatever this what WDW Magic, I think, said.
  And they bring up that he was on he was he happened to be there  because he and several of the Cubs were taking a special vacation  with fans of the Cubs.
  What does that mean?  Talking about what you could win a trip to Disney World with with two Cubs  and Harry Carrey, which do we know which Cubs they were?  Doesn't say this is my era of actually following baseball  when I was in first grade.
  OK, I guess with the Cubs, who would you if you could have picked Cubs  to go to Disney World and Andre Dawson and either Ryan Sandberg or Mark Grace?  I would take Sean Dunstan as well.
  But those are the top three.
  Those were like the that was the trinity of of that era of the Cubs.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  I'd also like to say that WDW Magic  also because I was looking for more information about this historic  Harry Carrey trip to Disney World.
  And this site has like a year by year, you know, big things in Disney World  history, and they list they have sections for every year of famous people  who visited Disney World.
 Wow.
 Really? That's really good.
  Yeah.
 That site has the real dirt.
  That's got good rumors.
 Oh, really?  Those message boards.
 But it's it's hard.
  They are hard to navigate.
 Oh, sure.
  OK, layouts where you get good.
  I mean, they were the only sources of Harry Carrey.
  Yeah.
 And I should say, boy, this, you know,  you would like to go to Disney World with the Cubs.
  But I think any of these guys  we'd love to hang with at Disney World in 1990.
  Bill Lambier, basketball legend, Bill Lambier,  Millie Vanilli, Wow, Gerald McRaney, major dad himself.
  Oh, wow.
 And Jonathan Frakes, another one of my heroes.
  I know you would have loved to go to Disney World with Jonathan Frakes.
  What year was that? 1990.
  Wow.
 So he's like three years into being Riker.
  Mm hmm.
 Wow.
  You could have seen Mini Moo with Jonathan Frakes,  potentially with Harry Carrey, Carrey calling it a holy cow.
  Harry Carrey, Jonathan Frakes and two of the Cubs.
  Any two.
 And then me.
  I wasn't though that year I was not yet into Star Trek The Next Generation.
  I was like six.
  I think I didn't get into it until I was like nine.
  OK, but any time.
 All right.
  Yeah, we could rewrite history.
  I would have still like this charming, handsome actor problem.
  But like I like the I like this guy.
  You would have left your parents for him.
  Yes.
 If you'd like to adopt me, I'll leave.
  I'm living with him now.
  But if I was like, we're not going to church or anything cool,  like he's whatever he's up to, I'm interested in.
  I would have been on the set of Star Trek The Next Generation.
  I don't know.
 Been the greatest.
  I really wish now if you could change.
  Well, if I could bring each other, but if I could change one thing,  I probably would have been adopted by Jonathan Frakes while on a Disney World trip.
  Yeah, hopefully my mom's not listening to this.
  Yeah, really?  I would have abandoned my parents immediately  to go with that handsome soap opera actor.
  They could have visited you once a year.
  You would meet at Grandma Duck's farm once a year for your parents  to your biological parents to say hello briefly.
  Once in a while.
  But then you got rides to do.
  And he married soap opera actress Jeannie Francis, who he's still married to.
  So like it would have been a showbiz family.
  Yeah, this would have been great.
  I would have been a little showbiz boy.
  Man.
  My mom is Jeannie Francis.
  Yeah.
  That's what I always said.
  Like, oh, like the next.
  So if you're thinking about beating me up back off, back off.
  Hell immediately.
  As Commander Riker is my father.
  My message board find less less interesting.
  But when I was looking for many new stuff, I found an old message  work called Intercot.
  OK.
 And  the only thing that's really noticeable of this is the phrasing.
  Their their thread about Minimoo dying was just so blunt.
  It just said Minimoo has died.
  And for whatever reason, my mind jumped to the scene  and children of men where they're in the coffee shop and they're like  little Jojo, the youngest man in the world, has died.
  It just seemed a little intense.
  Also said Minimoo died of natural causes.
  So I'm assuming no foul play suspected, no autopsy done, I'm guessing.
  I would assume that's right.
  Was survived by a child.
  What?  Minimoo had a baby named Baby Moo.
  Wow.
  And here's a photo of Mickey and Baby Moo.
  What? Hold on.
  Unless I'm hold on, let me reread this to make sure it's not Mickey Moo.
  Does Baby Moo hold on?  Hold on.
 Hold on.
 Hold on.
 Have a spot.
  Is it like this is?  Oh, wait, I'm sorry.
  Mickey Moo had a baby.
 I'm so sorry.
  OK, that's fine.
  Moo had a baby named Baby Moo.
  And here is a photo of me, a real Mickey feeding Baby Moo  with a bottle with a bottle.
  He's got my dream e-ticket attraction.
  Yeah.
 And this is from discovering the Magic Kingdom dot com.
  Whoa.
 So I like a lot of good websites today.
  So, yeah, some new stuff.
  So Mickey Moo had Baby Moo.
  Wow.
 That's very charming.
  A fake big mouse feeding a real baby cow.
  But with no Mickey symbol of any kind, it appears more black than white.
  Whereas Mickey Moo had just a black Mickey.
  Very white and then only the big black spot.
  Yeah.
 But a real nice like little bow around his neck.
  So without the spot, they Disney assuredly slaughtered this cow.
  Yes, Baby Moo was killed within the first three weeks of its baby.
  Moo's baby was death not reported on by any support.
  There was poison in Mickey's bottle.
  And not taking care of you.
  That's for sure.
  You don't promote the corporate IP.
  Get my face next time.
  Let's not forget, Mini Moo had a plaque has plaque.
  Oh, yeah.
 A memorial plaque in the  Fort Wilderness Resort, which I which makes me say  there's been a campaign recently.
  Richard Girth, the longtime greeter at the Grand Californian, passed away recently.
  And people are trying to get a statue or a plaque of him.
  If we can have one for Mickey, Mini Moo, surely we can have one of Richard Girth.
  Yeah.
 Just a shout out.
  Shout out to Richard.
  Mickey's face on him anyway.
  Did he have a no, he just had a kindly smile and was also known for escorting  some brides at the wedding chapel.
  People, people would walk them down the aisle, walk them down the aisle.
  Yeah.
 People, people who would stay at the Grand Floridian regularly  loved seeing Richard Girth when they arrived.
  OK, so they say if they didn't have like a father or something, maybe.
  I yes, I believe that's the he was the closest thing.
  They had a father.
  If they hadn't been adopted by Jonathan Franks and Jeannie Francis,  which so many children don't get that luxury.
  Oh, very sad world.
  We're hitting the 50th, the 50th of Disney World,  50th anniversary suit.
  I just want the park covered, the whole property covered with  very niche specific memorial plaques.
  So that's what you're going to be going there for.
  That's I'm hoping at least 10 to 20 of the 50 new things are plaques, statues.
  Most of them commemorating greeters at the various hotels.
  Greeters.
 Yeah.
  Greeters and slightly unusual.
  Fallen restaurant brethren, flying fish, spoodles,  flying fish might still be.
 I can't remember.
  I was thinking how though now like that now, but to is on the spot where  once Mickey Moo roams and that maybe that there's I think there should be a plaque  commemorating that like here you are, like probably on the farthest end of it,  maybe like the Droid Depot.
  Let's put up a plaque that says on this spot,  mini Mickey Moo, the cow once took a big shit.
  Well, but I feel like I 100 percent agree with you,  but it is the only way I'm so excited.
  I can't get it out.
  It's the only land with a milk stand.
  It has a milk stand.
  Oh, wow.
 You're right.
  Yeah.
 The cow lineage remains.
  Yeah.
 That's very nice.
  What a nice tribute.
  Yeah.
 Non dairy, I guess.
  But I guess so throughout its history, that corner,  the other northwest corner of the park has always been the milk zone.
  Thanks, Star Wars, for keeping that tradition alive.
  They should do white milk, too.
  Yeah.
 Not just green and blue.
  So it's weird in space.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And that's the true tribute to Mickey Moo.
  Nice, decent milk producer.
  Do we see any info on that?  Don't know, because many was not.
  Many was not.
 Many was not.
  Many was really dissed by her former owners.
  I'd also like to say that in the story where they almost like, hey,  if we have a cat with a Mickey spot and hey, for the right sum of money,  we might be willing to part with the cat, which like as a cat owner,  hey, monsters, what the fuck?  You're going to sell your cat to like a and they said no.
  Disney would say no because dogs and cats require too much like personal  care, but a cow could just kind of walk around.
  What a fucking asshole family.
  Here, take our cat, give us $200 and it's yours.
  Yeah.
 How much would I sell Ed Edwin for if he had a Mickey  Lindsay's here upset about that?  I'm just saying hypothetically, how much would it have to be if he had like a  little Mickey like you would sell me before it went in that take Sharpie,  draw Mickey ears on your forehead.
  But one of those yard sale, one of those labels people only buy for yard sales.
  Like the numbers scribbled on it and you're like, I think it's a six.
  I think let's, let's just say I got as much money for him as I would at a state  fair, $130.
  You rejected the radio station's offer to mash Jason into, into a plate of  mashed potatoes.
  That's how he has it in his will that he wants to be buried in a bunch of  potatoes after living out many years, roaming Disney pastures.
  You know, as we say that, I don't think I've ever been to a state fair.
  I have no idea where the Pennsylvania or New Jersey ones, but I think we're  coming up on the, the, the California state fair and the LA county state fair.
  I feel like orange County, but in Minnesota, been to Ohio.
  Wow.
  I feel like not only do we have to go, you have to enter some sort of contest.
  Ooh yeah.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  I don't know which one.
  Past guest, uh, even Anderson has one ribbons.
  I was thinking pie eating, but it could be pie making.
  Yeah.
  You know, that's true.
  Um, you know, Mini Moo opened the Osceola fair, one of the big Florida fairs.
  Uh, bike.
  She, it was like, let's, uh, cut the ribbon to open the fair.
  You can't cut a ribbon if you're a cow.
  So they made a ribbon out of hay for the mo to chew through.
  Yeah.
  That's pretty delightful.
  I wish they did that at rope drop.
  It's a park.
  I wish the end of main street, a cow had to come out and eat a  hay ribbon every morning.
  Or if you're successfully sold due to your Sharpie spot on your forehead, then  a big like sausage link opens the park.
  Love to chomp through some summer sausage to welcome everyone.
  Shoo, shoo, shoo.
  Milk will be your award.
  He died quickly eating only a diet of summer sausage and milk.
  Once a day.
  First thing in the morning.
  And then it was mashed up like potatoes.
  Life well lived.
  Uh, we should probably wrap it up.
  You see, I've puggased the ride, the second gate.
  Uh, Hey, what a blast.
  And, uh, if any of you, if anyone listening as a Mickey birthmark or  anything, let us know.
  Um, and we'll try to sell you to Disney.
  Yeah.
  I just cut us in on a piece of it.
  We'll broker it.
  Um, thanks for listening.
  Uh, where are we at with live shows now?  I don't know.
  I'll keep checking.
  Yeah.
  Some of them are still happening.
  Yeah.
  Orlando.
  We're going to Orlando October 24th to look at that plaque, that mini move plaque.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, for wilderness.
  Might be it.
  We're going to do that and then leave.
  That's probably about it.
  And that's what the show will be about.
  Yep.
  Yeah.
  The theme of the episode is the, is the plaque, the main, the mini  black and we're not even going to talk about the cow.
  It's going to be about like the, the making of the play, like the thickness  of the letters and the quality, how it's fastened to the wall, if we can remove it.
  Yeah.
  Maybe a little, what the rest of the wall is like and the molding on nearby doors,  but only if we have time.
  Yep.
  So yeah, uh, get tickets to that.
  See you in Orlando.
