 Forever.
.
.
  Dog.
  Hello!  Applause.
  Applause.
  Applause.
  Hello!  Applause.
  Yeah, get it.
  Yeah, get it.
  Yeah, get it.
  Ahem.
  Ahem.
  Ahem.
  Warning.
  The following live podcast is occurring in a hotel ballroom  where we can't reveal ourselves dramatically while the music is playing.
  So we had to do it out of order.
 Thanks for bearing with us.
  Due to the presence of a hotel bar just a few feet away,  it's distinctly possible that I, Scott, have been Chardonnay drunk for the last four hours.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, well, unlike D23, we may.
.
.
  Unlike D23, we may not have the presence tonight of The Rock,  Emily Blunt, Tom Holland, Tina Fey, Jamie Foxx, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Angelina Jolie,  and everyone from Rise of Skywalker.
  But we do have Jenny Nicholson joining us tonight.
  Applause.
  Live near but not affiliated with the D23 Expo.
  It's Podcast the Ride!  Applause.
  Music.
  What do we do during the theme?  We've never faced this before.
  You're not worried about it.
  No, it's fine.
 It's almost over.
 I'm just trying to.
.
.
  I feel like I've got to fill the space.
  Hello, ladies and gentlemen.
  Hi, hi.
  Welcome to the Vanaheim Hotel.
  Wow, everyone's here.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride!  Live from a very bright hotel ballroom.
  Where we're here to tell you that divorce is not the end of your life.
  It's just the beginning.
  First things first.
  I want to talk to you all about converting U.
S.
 dollars to Iraqi dinar.
  Laughter.
  A little bit of theme park bullshit before that.
  That's coming.
  Hey, thanks so much for coming out, everybody.
  Oh, my God.
  Wow.
  That's Scott Gerdner.
  Hey, hello.
  That's Jason Sheridan.
  I'm Mike.
 Hi.
  Would anyone mind if I refill my AP sipper over.
.
.
  Would anyone be upset if I did that?  Because what happens is.
.
.
  Hold on, Aaron, one second.
  The AP sipper.
.
.
  Who has an AP sipper in the room?  There's a few.
 Okay.
  This one? This specific one?  So what the deal is, is that you buy this, and then it's like $15,  and then you can get a refill for a dollar at certain places in Disneyland.
  But what I think is, like, they're trying to keep it, like, cool or warm.
  It's deceptively small.
  The sipper doesn't carry that much liquid.
  There's sort of a second cup within the cup.
  Yeah, take a look.
 You know what I'm saying?  So, like, I filled it up, and I said, I'm going to be good to go.
  I drank all of it outside.
  So I got a refill now.
 Thank you, Aaron.
 Thank you so much.
  Oh, wow.
 Hey, thanks, Aaron.
  That was very good.
  Applause.
  She's not going to refill all of your sippers.
  I mean, let's lay that rule down right now.
  But thanks for doing mics.
  Oh, my God.
 So who was at D23?  Round of applause, show of hands.
  All right.
 Well, that makes 50 of us, and not the three of us up here.
  No.
  We didn't do it.
  Well, they wouldn't allow us to do it.
  Well, it wasn't that we.
.
.
  Okay, I mean, we could have bought passes.
  But we were technically denied press passes.
  Twice.
 We went back.
  We went with, like, hey, yes, boo, boo.
  This weird third-party company they give credentialing services to.
  That's real.
 That's real.
 Right?  I guess you would call it a credentialing service.
  Yeah, I guess.
  So, like, yeah, there's a whole form you have to fill out,  and you have to explain who you are, and it feels really sad.
  And then they rejected Jason.
  Jason and I applied, and they rejected us.
  And then a couple weeks later, I was like, I'm going to try again.
  I'm really upset.
  So I went in, and I just emailed, and I said,  hey, you know, I found the form a bit limiting.
  So.
.
.
  Uh.
.
.
  And I believe that is exactly what I wrote.
  And then I really did a desperate, like, you know, last month on our Twitter,  Michael Eisner retweeted us.
  And.
.
.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  So.
.
.
  Hell yeah.
  And.
.
.
  That may have been worse, that you mentioned Eisner.
  That is true.
  No, absolutely not.
  We had Al Lutz take care of that fucker.
  We had Al Lutz fucking double-tap that guy.
  Wow.
  That's what we're really here about.
  We're here to get to the bottom of the Al Lutz conspiracy.
  Is everyone in a follow?  Yeah.
  Everyone stand up, present your theories.
  We'll give you all ten minutes at the mic.
  After about three medium posts and 30 pages of message board posts,  I was no closer to the truth than when I began.
  I don't even want to start explaining to a layperson what it all is,  because where you wouldn't get there,  it would take the entire amount of time we're going to be in here to explain it all.
  So never mind.
  Either you're in the Al Lutz conspiracy club or you're not.
  It's what a cool club.
  I was just out of curiosity.
  Of the people who know what we're talking about,  who believes the medium post?  No one?  Follow-up question.
  Who cares?  Who cares?  A couple people care.
  Two, three, okay.
  Five cares.
  Five cares.
  Should we bring up somebody who did go to D23,  who did make it behind the Golden Gates?  Yes, and got a media badge.
  Oh.
  I don't think I'm telling a tale out of school, am I?  Well, we'll see.
  Maybe she's mad.
  Yeah, so let's bring her up.
  Yes, one of our favorite guests from our amazing YouTube channel, Jenny Nicholson.
  Oh, boy.
  You are now the second new Epcot Mickey hat wearer in the room.
  There's another one of those around.
  That's great.
  Yeah, well, you come bearing brand new merch, wearing brand new merch.
  Information and merch.
  All the good stuff.
  We can write on the mic.
  You can adjust that.
  Yeah, you can get right on that.
  Sure, we didn't set it to your height.
  I could also move it up.
  I'll move it up.
  Okay.
  I did it.
  I did it myself.
  Alex got it.
  Thanks for helping us, Alex.
  Our editor.
  Alex edits the shows, and he's here tonight.
  Yeah, he's on it.
  He's so salty.
  Yeah.
  He'll edit that part out of the live.
  Hey, there we go.
  We just do the, give you our notes live.
  Great.
  Oh, my God.
  Thank you so much for joining us, Jenny.
  Thank you for having me come to this.
  We've done a live podcast.
  Oh, really?  Huh.
  Yeah.
  Well, as a, we're experts with what with our three, but.
  Is that unusual to have not done a live podcast?  I don't think so.
  No, I think most normal humans, that is the case.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's a pretty specific sub genre, isn't it?  Yeah.
  So, all right.
  So you made it.
  You made it to the floor.
  I did.
  Yeah.
  I looked at everything.
  Uh-huh.
  Yeah.
  That's great.
  And you, but you were, you were telling us before we started, uh, light on the panels,  light on entry to the panels.
  Well, the thing is like, you can either sleep outside, um, or you can not get into any panel.
  Or unless it's Disney on Broadway, which they were begging people to go to.
  Yeah.
  They literally did a PA announcement and they were like, if anyone else wants to come, there's,  there's a lot of room.
  It was very plaintive.
  Yeah.
  Oh, no.
  A little sad.
  Did you go?  No.
  Aw.
  I would have gone.
  And I like Broadway.
  I probably would have marked it down.
  I was like, all right, parks panel.
  Oh, Broadway panel.
  I bet there'll be some, before it's there.
  I was actively afraid they were going to like mention Tarzan on Broadway or something.
  Just have to sit in that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Have to be a rumor.
  Come on, give me a Jane Solo number.
  Jason, Jason, you know that they're going to like show up on the show, like, you know,  like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you  know, like, show like Hercules musical, not like an old showboat musical time.
  I could see Disney whitewashing showboat like cleaning up showboat for Disney Plus.
  Right?  I could see.
  I guess.
  Yeah.
  Maybe.
  I don't know what happens in showboat.
  Yeah.
  They made three.
  They made the movie three times.
  But then again, you thought it was crazy when I started to describe what a star is born  was about.
  Which they made four times.
  Can I do that trick of did anyone not know the ending of A Star is Born even though?  Okay, it's not a majority.
  All right.
  All right.
  I'm going to play this trick against you of people knowing what you're talking about.
  We're not here to talk about showboat.
  Yeah.
  So Jenny, you've been how many what year?  How many times have you been to a D23?  This is my fourth D23.
  I know.
  And when the first year I went, it was very uncrowded and you could get into things.
  You would just go like an hour before, like the way the world usually works.
  And you could just line up and get in.
  But now it's like if you get the Fastpass, I heard you still can't get in unless you  go overnight.
  So they have.
  OK, we said I don't know any of this.
  They have still the Fastpass system is still in play.
  Line and apparently they still run out of space.
  I don't know.
  Someone warned me today.
  I got in to the panel pass for the parks panel tomorrow.
  So you're going to it.
  Yeah, some other people got in.
  Yeah, we should.
  I should say we're doing we're recording this before the panel that says all of the  new stuff that's happening at the theme parks.
  So the one most applicable to us, we're we're just going to guess about a little bit.
  We'll put out some catty tweets about it, I'm sure.
  Covered.
  Watch out the journey of water.
  Right.
  That's what it's called.
  Right.
  I think so.
  The way of water.
  Excuse me.
  Yeah.
  And the seed bearer.
  That's going to be great.
  And one number four, I think.
  That's the the Avatar.
  Avatar four is the.
  Yeah, I think so.
  Avatar five, the invention of lying.
  That's right.
  Right.
  Yeah, that's whatever Jake solely invents lying on Pandora.
  Honestly, that's good.
  Because they the Navi weren't lying before.
  Oh, yeah.
  They're such a pure species.
  Absolutely.
  With the 20th century Fox purchase, does Disney now own the invention?  It's very possible.
  That's actually why they bought Fox.
  Yeah.
  They've been trying to get their hands on that for a long time.
  Yeah.
  The problem with this film is it was human characters, but another species, we think  it's really got a shot.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Well, now I can try to Pandora and remakes of anything.
  Really?  Maybe that's what they open up.
  Yes.
  At this point is all stories happen within Pandora world.
  Star Wars.
  You can't just do a Star Wars remake of anything because like it's a little similar to our  world.
  But if the actors are blue aliens, that's instant novelty.
  Even if it's still on Earth.
  You know, like while you were sleeping would be good.
  Oh, that'd be great.
  I'm glad there's so many fans of it in the audience.
  Yeah.
  Well, and then they can like concurrently make a move.
  You know, what's what's going to film soon?  The new Indiana Jones.
  They film it just with dots all over the faces.
  And then you're filming the avatar version concurrently with the one that you're.
  And then you have a different team that removes the dots for the non-avatar version.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Like who's the way which guy to remove his mustache?  Henry Cavill.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Uh huh.
  Uh huh.
  Everyone knew that fact.
  Yeah, no, that one I know.
  Yeah, that's a very famous person and story.
  Quick quick question for the audience.
  How often are we trying to figure an answer out to something we've asked and you're yelling  at us?  Wow.
  Okay.
  Oh no.
  All right.
  Well, now we're scared.
  This stage is not that high up.
  And we can really see the whites of your eyes.
  You wanted a, you asked for a moat.
  Yeah.
  But they couldn't do it.
  I mean, we weren't quite sure what we were going to have.
  I mean, we've clearly jerry-rigged something here.
  Oh yeah.
  Everything is working.
  I mean, everything's working.
  There's a projector on the floor.
  There's a projector on the floor.
  My projector from home is on the floor.
  You're just all in my apartment right now.
  To save some money, we brought our own microphones.
  That too.
  So we're very cheap.
  So yeah.
  So we have a whole setup here and it's not the most glamorous, but it's nice.
  Yes.
  Everyone nod.
  Yes.
  They nod and make us scream.
  We can see all of your nods.
  The people at the Anaheim Hotel have been great.
  The pizza press dinner there was great.
  The beautiful bar in the lobby.
  There's a nice pool out.
  No one's in the pool out back.
  We're all going in after it.
  I don't have permission or authority to say this.
  Like that Area 51 thing.
  They can't stop all of us.
  So Jenny, highlights from your last two days of D23.
  There's a Skyway bucket inside.
  Nice.
  And you can go close to it.
  But not inside?  I feel like I could have touched it.
  I didn't ask.
  Okay.
  But it wasn't like there wasn't a line for a photo up inside.
  No, I don't think they wanted anyone climbing in it.
  This was like an auction.
  Actually the best stuff I've seen was like the people who just auction old Disney things.
  I didn't even see if the archives are there this year.
  I saw you can go look at costumes from Maleficent.
  So I didn't go in there.
  It's a mystery to me.
  Yeah, I wasn't drawn in by that for whatever reason.
  Number one highlight, Skyway bucket.
  Yeah.
  There was a scary little animatronic Mickey that used to be in a Main Street window.
  That was also at the auction place.
  But it was already scary looking.
  And I asked if it could still move.
  And when they did, I had the most visceral physical fear response.
  Like when you find a bug crawling on you and just all your hair stands on end and your  stomach clenches.
  I don't know what I was expecting.
  They told me it was an animatronic.
  But when they confirmed it could move, it was extremely scary.
  I think you posted that.
  And they said, oh no, it's not plugged in.
  But that was another highlight.
  You posted that on Twitter, right?  I think I saw that.
  Yeah, I posted a photo of him.
  He's very scary.
  Oh, this is good cross promotion.
  If you guys all look at my personal Twitter account, you can see the Mickey.
  Oh yeah, everyone look at the Twitter right now and make a noise.
  It's on television.
  No, is that too much?  Yeah.
  If we all go on the hotel Wi-Fi, will it crash it?  All right, don't look at it later.
  So imagine a scary Mickey.
  Yeah, scary Mickey.
  What else?  Well, you also tweeted something I liked, which is that in the assortment of costumes  that were on display that there was the holes cosplay.
  Oh, wait, I missed that.
  Holes, the film holes.
  I literally chased them because I saw them when they were already far away, but they were  going to their car.
  So I had to catch them.
  It's not like I'd see them later, but they were Stanley Yelnats and Zero.
  So they had like the best part about it.
  They had the prison jumpsuits.
  They had their respective hats.
  But the thing that made it clear it was holes.
  I thought there was someone blowing their nose really loudly.
  The thing that made it clear it was holes as they were carrying the empty gallon jugs of water.
  So like that really brought it home.
  Like that's burdening yourself.
  It made it amazing.
  A lot of holes fans here today.
  Yeah, I know.
  Big showing for holes.
  Yeah.
  Jimmy Buffett produced and appears in the movie, I believe.
  Really?  In holes?  In holes.
  Is he like the racist sheriff?  No, he's something.
  I feel like Mike would be aware if Jimmy Buffett played a racist sheriff in something.
  I wouldn't hear of it.
  But if he showed up and did it, you couldn't have stopped him.
  Wait, we have confirmation.
  What's that?  John Voight.
  John Voight.
  John Voight.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  And John Voight doesn't have a lot of songs about hamburgers and such.
  Just to keep my wires straight.
  He doesn't have publicly released songs.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Who knows what he's doing at home.
  They don't know what he's jamming on.
  He likely does.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, so.
  Oh wait, you know where I was heading was that you had a photo with the,  an Elizabeth Moss costume from The Handmaid's Tale.
  Right.
  At Detroit, at the Disney thing where all the princess stuff is.
  We also had Pooka from that one show that's like Black Mirror, but not Black Mirror.
  Oh.
  It's like a big mascot suit that possesses the man that portrays it on a children's show.
  So that was there.
  Yeah, and I guess he's active on Twitter, the mascot suit is.
  He's been tweeting at me ever since he appeared in that photo.
  Oh no.
  Wait, you're getting harassed now by a fictional puppet man.
  And he's verified.
  Pooka the verified mascot suit wants a follow back from me.
  I don't know how I feel about that.
  Hmm.
  Hmm.
  Yeah, that seemed, that sort of borders on harassment I would have to think.
  Yeah, get out people's Menchies, Pooka.
  Well, he's a mascot suit.
  It's different etiquette.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  You're not, he's not welcome here.
  Pooka's not.
  If he walks in that door, nobody let him in.
  He's not on the list.
  Wait, so.
  That's pretty exciting.
  I, clarification.
  So is it an official costume from Handmaid's Tale or someone was cosplaying us?  Yeah, it was on a mannequin and like it was a little exhibit celebrating Handmaid's Tale.
  Yeah.
  Oh boy, they really do own everything.
  Jesus.
  But what, like where in the crosshair, like in all of the merging and everything that's  happened since when?  Since when is Handmaid's Tale.
  Disney has full control of Hulu now.
  Oh, even though they didn't make the show, they own.
  Okay.
  They own, really?  Huh.
  All right.
  So are they going to be walking around the park then too?  Which land would we put them in?  Tomorrowland?  Yeah, Tomorrowland.
  Yeah, Tomorrowland.
  Maybe some water slide or something that looks like the helmet that's like, you know, you  can sort of splash up the sides of it.
  The helmet.
  The Handmaid's Helmet?  Yeah.
  That's an acceptable term for what they wear, isn't it?  Ladies, put on your helmets.
  What if it was like a Jedi training academy but with handmaids?  That would be my hit.
  All right, kids, and remember, under his eye.
  This is the future Margaret Ackwood didn't want but predicted.
  I'm afraid of dystopia, but I did always want to be in the Disney parks, so finally.
  Something magical about that place.
  So let's talk what our expectations and predictions are for tomorrow's parks panel.
  Like, do we think Tomorrowland redo is happening?  No, I heard no.
  Do we think.
.
.
  Does the applause mean yes or is it applause for no?  I'm having trouble reading it.
  What are the rumors around the table?  I heard an interesting thing today at the Imagineering Pavilion.
  I heard an Imagineer tersely telling another Imagineer that a third Imagineer was telling  everyone they were opening a Brazil Pavilion.
  And the fact that they were angry made me think, oh, it's true.
  So they kind of made the problem worse.
  But anyway, so I don't think anyone's surprised by that, though.
  But everyone's been speculating we're getting a Brazil Pavilion at Epcot.
  And it seems like it's happening.
  A lot of chatter online about the Brazil Pavilion.
  What's the best week possible to be affiliated with the government of Brazil?  Will Bolsonaro and his weird smiles come to Epcot to cut the ribbon?  And will he light a fire of neighboring pavilions?  Sorry, Germany, we need room.
  Well, those are the exact words that will come out of Bob Chapek's mouth tomorrow.
  Before his ass is canned on Monday, you mean?  Yeah, yeah.
  We should have gotten Chapek here.
  Yeah.
  I should have tried.
  That's why you should have shot on Sunday.
  Yeah, we should have.
  We were dating that, but then like Comic-Con, people always like get out of town as soon as you can on Sunday.
  So I don't know that.
  Is that the case for D23?  Are people hanging as any who has traveled to be in Anaheim today?  Yeah.
  All right.
  Wow.
  Well, thank you for sacrificing some of your precious hours next to the happiest place on Earth.
  To watch some guys and a girl talk about the happiest place on Earth.
  Talk about it.
  But there is complimentary ice water.
  So don't say we never gave you enough.
  It can be hard to find in the parks a little bit.
  It's there.
  It's there.
  I will say, and I'll say this is a sincere feeling, I hope we get some sort of Avengers coaster announcement.
  The Marvel, yes.
  Single clap.
  One clap.
  Yeah.
  Because I will be honest, I'm a little bit underwhelmed with the Avengers Academy.
  Campus.
  Campus.
  Avengers campus.
  That's even less cool than what I said.
  Yeah, the Academy.
  Yeah, you're right.
  That sounds cool as shit.
  We need you on the team as opposed to we need you like around near where our team is, but you can't come in.
  You can buy sweaters related to the team.
  Avengers assemble at the quad.
  We've still got room in the improv group.
  Lots of fun.
  Great way to get to know people.
  They have an atmosphere entertainment where they say the ice cream freezer is broken and they're giving out free ice cream bars.
  And all the superheroes come out.
  Oh.
  Yeah, because they, you know, on a student budget.
  Sure.
  Free ice cream.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You try to say hi to them, they run away.
  Of course.
  Yeah, that's a weird one, isn't it?  And there's been the, there's the fear with the Marvel stuff that it's not going to be mind blowing, crazy great.
  Right.
  I mean, like, I don't know.
  Like nothing.
  It doesn't.
  I don't feel the sense of anticipation like there was for for Galaxy's Edge and and the campus thing sort of waters it down.
  Isn't it one of the things is a micro brewery.
  Isn't that right?  Yeah.
  Like Ant Man, like Ant Man, like it's big can.
  Wait, is that true?  Yeah, this is real.
  This is real.
  Yeah, it is.
  That is really.
  Yeah.
  It sounds real.
  It's awful.
  I've learned this for the first time and that's my my reaction.
  This is a reaction video.
  I mean, you get you get a Spider-Man game ride and you get some cold brews.
  I heard there was like a leak that said their initial goal in building it was to be able to re-theme it every eight years as necessary, which suggests that they aren't going to build anything very nice because you're going to tear it down.
  They're always good at that.
  That's really strict about the deposit.
  Yeah.
  Pierce the walls.
  It's like, yeah, you can't hang anything.
  Yeah, they want the deposit back.
  Any any ride where they're like, this is modular.
  We're going to change it.
  So never, never.
  Very rarely.
  Very rarely change it, but it'll look bad forever.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Just build it to be changed and then never actually do it.
  What is that?  I mean, the Disney Play Pavilion.
  They haven't really gone into more detail.
  Oh, that's like an emoji and meet and greet pavilion.
  Sure.
  Which is very, you know, human now, unfortunately.
  It makes sense as a pavilion.
  Do they own the emoji movie now?  Who put that out?  No, they own Disney emojis.
  I don't know about this.
  Who's using Disney emojis?  Is that a made up thing?  I don't think so.
  Okay.
  Huh.
  I don't think so.
  I don't know what it's called, but I know that they try to do emojis of their characters.
  I think you download an app and then message people within that app.
  I don't know.
  Yes, I'm saying nods.
  I'm seeing nods.
  Wait, so you don't use them as emojis?  You just look at art in the style of emojis.
  What do you get from that?  Okay, it's both.
  Do you love it?  How do you feel about it?  I'm going to.
  All right.
  Well, we'll do a full review.
  We'll do a three hour episode on it eventually.
  It counts.
  It counts.
  It came up here, so it counts.
  Epcot split into neighborhoods, right?  That was getting around.
  Epcot split into neighborhoods.
  That changes everything.
  Like what?  What does that mean?  It's because they wanted a Moana Pavilion, which would have to be based around water,  but they didn't want to completely demolish the living seas.
  So if it's a water neighborhood, I'm guessing.
  But doesn't that make sense?  That's a good guess.
  Then they're like, that's why we have two redundant pavilions.
  It's not because we didn't plan it ahead.
  It's because it's a neighborhood of water.
  They're going to do that with Disneyland now and say we have two Star Wars neighborhoods.
  And they're both failures, according to what I've read.
  These will be burnt to the ground as soon as they can.
  Transformed into Pocahontas lands.
  Like one of these rumors lately.
  Why is everybody so like there?  Do you guys feel how this there's just been this this turn of a corner where suddenly like it was like in Galaxy's Edge.
  We're having fun to like the most miserable failure that has ever surprised Trump has tweeted about it.
  Sloppy Doc Ondar is not selling anything.
  Sloppy Doc Ondar.
  Sloppy Graydon Carter is spotted at Galaxy's Edge.
  It's coming, honestly.
  It's going to happen.
  Well, here, let me just let's go down the line.
  What is everyone's dream for announcement tomorrow for blue sky, which we do often on this show?  What do you want?  I mean, I'll go for I said Marvel eat ticket coaster redo of Tomorrowland, cutting edge, futuristic, fifth gate Disney World Villains Park.
  That's that's my dream.
  That's what I want.
  I'm not going to get too greedy.
  I'll just pick three things.
  And then I'll go over to Scott.
  Scott, what would you want the most?  Just make Tomorrowland exactly as it was in 1987.
  Yeah.
  Why do we change it if we're just going to like clutter it up with trash and unused ride tracks?  And I like, oh, boy, just you close the whole thing.
  You want to be able to touch the wall on the people mover?  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yes, it should be dangerous.
  We haven't covered it yet, but isn't that that is the ride with the most deaths, I think.
  Yeah, I think it's like three lives or something.
  Geez.
  Yeah, that's not phrase it that way.
  Does that sound too deliberate?  It's taken live.
  Oh, yeah, like it was premeditated.
  Yeah.
  Walt envisioned a new form of public transit.
  Some called it the most dangerous form of public transit.
  One that takes out people too dumb to know how to use it.
  That's the price we pay.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It must be done.
  Jason, thoughts?  You know, I really want some X-Men stuff, but I think we got to wait for like Jacob Tremblay  and like two of the Stranger Things kids to get older.
  I guess I guess that's what I have to wait on now.
  X-Men comics been doing pretty good the last couple of months.
  But yeah, all right.
  Yeah, House of Becks.
  Yeah, we got to get those movies in shape, I guess, before we get an Xavier's Mansion ride.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Do we now with the Spider-Man kerfuffle of recent, is it now, does Tom Holland not get  to appear in this potentially disappointing ride now?  I assume he's shot something for it already.
  I could be wrong about that.
  But now they got to digitally track a mustache so you can't tell it's him.
  They want to put, they're going to put Henry Cavill's mustache on Tom Holland to obscure  his face.
  Yes.
  I mean, they built it to be modular so they don't even need him.
  They actually were really smart and right for doing that, it turns out.
  Yeah, I guess so.
  They can just make it not Spider-Man and everyone will be like, you can re-theme the queue that  fast and they'll go, theme the queue?  No, we've got barrels.
  And that's what the queue's for.
  We've got barrels and pipes.
  We've got gray walls.
  You know what they have in superhero headquarters?  Gray walls.
  Sure.
  I have a pitch.
  Retheme it to Happy Hogan.
  Oh, yeah.
  The Jon Favreau character.
  Oh.
  And let's just go on one of his adventures.
  Sure.
  Mr.
 Mandalorian.
  It's Johnny Favs.
  In Marvel continuity, did Happy Hogan direct the Mandalorian?  Well, he had to do something, right?  Does the Mandalorian exist like.
.
.
  Yes, because Star Wars exists in the Marvel, the MCU because Spider-Man references it.
  So, yes, for sure.
  So, Happy could have gotten that directing gig.
  That's true.
  And Marvel exists in the Muppet Babies universe because they like dance around with Spider-Man  and stuff.
  And Star Wars also exists in the Muppet Babies universe as well.
  Oh, yeah, a lot of Star Wars.
  They open the doors.
  You've seen it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So, does that mean that Werner Herzog exists in the MCU?  So, that means Grizzly Bear happened and.
.
.
  Grizzly Man.
  Grizzly Man.
  Yeah.
  The band Grizzly Bear also happened in the.
.
.
  Grizzly Bear happened.
  Yeah.
  Half of them blipped, but the other half didn't.
  They had that.
.
.
  Yes, yes.
  Right?  Yeah, yeah.
  Jenny.
  Okay, I have three.
  All right, go for it.
  The first one is I want them to restore Journey into Imagination to being good.
  Yeah.
  But, okay, I have specific dreams about how they'll announce it.
  So, I know they have this upbeat energy when they come out onto the stage at D23, but I  want them to come out and still be really peppy, but also be like, we've made a huge  mistake.
  But it's like, matter of fact, they bring someone out like, hey, you're the guy that  made the decision.
  Do you want to talk about what a mistake you made when you took it out the first time?  And he's like, yeah, man, I made a mistake.
  And everyone's cheering.
  And we get t-shirts at the end that's a picture of Figment and the quote, like, we made a  mistake.
  And Figment's going.
.
.
  Yeah, all is forgiven now.
  But it takes imagination to make mistakes, too.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Imagination doesn't always give you good ideas.
  It's really hard.
  Yeah.
  So, it has the ideas to become a skunk unpleasantly for 20 years.
  Become like a Bart Simpson-esque bad boy.
  Yeah.
  We love that.
  Yeah.
  He's such a rascal, that new Figment.
  Let's make Figment nice again.
  Make Figment nice again.
  Exactly.
  Absolutely.
  And like, there are no hard feelings in imagination.
  So, they can buy out Dr.
 Nigel Channing.
  We can give him a Severance package, you know.
  This is actually dialogue from the ride.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The pre-show is just him sighing separation.
  Yeah.
  The ride is actually about explaining how the last one wasn't very good.
  Yeah.
  And then you go through a door and it's like, oh, hello, I'm the new head of the Imagination  Institute.
  It's the Dream Finder.
  He's back.
  Wait.
  Yay.
  Who are we going to cast as him?  You know it's going to be a screen again.
  Yeah, probably.
  Possibly.
  Yeah, I don't know if we're getting new bots.
  Maybe we'll just get Patrick Harris again.
  They always do that.
  Yeah.
  I'm in doubt.
  Do you have a casting choice for who would appear as Dream Finder on the ride, if you  could pick anyone in the world?  Gosh.
  Who's that guy that's the sheriff on Stranger Things?  David.
  David Harbour.
  David Harbour.
  Yeah.
  David Harbour.
  Stranger Things, very hot right now.
  Yeah.
  But like, it's ending, so also he'll take the job.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Is it ending?  It feels like it would.
  I think there's three more seasons.
  Okay, good.
  Good.
  Hey, anything's better than Gad.
  Sorry, sorry, sorry.
  Poor Gad.
  He is at Pizza Pr- I'm sorry, he's probably in the district right now.
  Wait, what about Bobby Moynihan?  Sure.
  Oh yeah, Bobby.
  Sure.
  Bobby Moynihan.
  Yeah.
  That's not a bad- yeah, yeah.
  Is he a Perks fan?  He is.
  He's in DuckTales too, so they have him like, you know, in their speed dial.
  He's in the Cavalcades.
  Yeah.
  And they go up and down Main Street.
  He's in the rainy day Cavalcades.
  Oh yes.
  In a poncho.
  Every time.
  Wait, did somebody saw him?  Somebody saw him?  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Oh jeez.
  Was he in the Cavalcade?  Is there weight- nice.
  Yeah, cool.
  Wow, so now we know he's a Disney fan and he's cool.
  Unless he left without buying sunglasses.
  And we'll never know.
  Other dreams, Jenny.
  Yeah, Jenny.
  My next dream is, it's a little controversial.
  Obviously I would like them to do something with the People Mover track, but I've heard  that they literally can't because it's falling apart.
  So in that case, I'd like them to just take it out and rebuild an identical track.
  And the third is like that fuzzy elephant creature that's like, I guess not a Bantha,  but the thing they told me I could ride on the back of in Star Wars Land.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  And then all the like press about how it's a failure made them so insecure that they'll  build a giant hairy elephant animatronic to walk around.
  I wonder.
  I really wonder.
  Yeah.
  Did everybody see the leaked concept art of what that Bantha ride was going to be?  It was beautiful.
  Wasn't it supposed to be a Bantha?  Because it was very large.
  Or it was Bantha-like.
  It was derivative of a Bantha.
  Just like Batuu is derivative of every- Tatooine.
  All the other places.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There was like, it was just, they have made a technology, in case you haven't seen it,  the technology was basically like, you would move around like a people mover, but then  the bench would move up and down like you were like on the back of an animal.
  Wait, you weren't sitting on the- Oh.
  You weren't riding it like Pete riding the dragon.
  You're like, you're on a weird- Is there a kind-  Is it like flight of passage?  No, like- No, it's sideways.
  But a slow Bantha.
  Like Prince Ali, doesn't he sit in like a basket thing in the Prince Ali sequence?  There you go.
  I want an animatronic elephant with a capacity of like four people at a time.
  Yes.
  I want it to wait 14 hours in line.
  And then take 10 minutes to load.
  And then get on this elephant.
  And then it takes you in a very slow circle.
  And if it like e-stops, they have to wheel out a tall ladder.
  And like rocket rods, it cannot deal with corners or curves at all.
  Yeah.
  And anytime there's like anything over a 4.
0 earthquake, they're like, even though there's  nothing wrong with the ride, we do have to stop it.
  It's regulation.
  You're like, can I just slide down?  No, the ladder is on its way.
  Some bolts were shaken loose by the quake.
  But it's coming.
  Well, I'm afraid that none of the things we just said will come true tomorrow.
  No.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Which is, you know, why it's important.
  We can't control any of that.
  We can't control what they're doing down the street.
  The big fancy Anaheim Convention Center.
  But we have our own party going on right here.
  And you know, and if we think they might be disappointing us with some of that news tomorrow,  then we need to make sure that you all leave with some of the opposite of disappointing  news.
  We got to make this more than just a live version of the kind of show we do normally.
  It's time to tell you now that it is more than that.
  This isn't just our live show.
  This is PTR 23, the ultimate.
  The ultimate podcast, the ride fan event.
  That was some applause.
  I bet they could hear that down at the convention center.
  Yeah.
  Let's show them.
  That's right.
  Right here, right now.
  This is the only place that you can hear exclusive announcements about the future of podcast  the ride until this episode is public in six days.
  But until then, we have we've gathered all of the magic of Mike, Jason and Scott under  one roof.
  Thank you all are the beneficiaries of it.
  So so so officially welcome to PTR 23.
  So so that you could make it.
  We've got everything D23 has.
  There's cosplayers.
  Keep an eye out for the man dressed as the khaki colored cargo shorts.
  Every imagineer is required to own at least five pairs of or or the woman in a mashup  costume that's half Mary Poppins and half Zinia Moocha.
  Bob Iger's fixer.
  Longtime Disney heavy.
  We should say also the listener at home can't see this, but clearly the memo got out about  it being PTR 23 because we're looking at an absolute sea of Mike, Scott and Jason cosplay.
  Like, can you believe it?  We haven't addressed this yet.
  Yeah.
  Like 95 percent of people.
  I wish the list to see this.
  Look at this.
  Look at gray shorts.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's a Mike for sure.
  It covers the entire range of what we all wear from casual to business casual.
  But we we we now here, you know, we can't and we don't get to announce, you know, new  Marvels or new Star Wars that are coming out.
  But we can we can officially say that, you know, all the rumors and all the speculation  topics that you guys have been waiting for, pleading for, it's all coming.
  We got a big 2019 left, a big 2020 left.
  The M&M store movie in Las Vegas is coming.
  That episode is coming.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Hell yeah.
  We just Lindsey and I just did it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So now we can cover it.
  I will give it a little bit of a hint about what I'll be saying on the episode, actually.
  The place smells like shit.
  Horrible, putrid.
  It's supposed to smell like chocolate.
  It smells.
  Oh, I wanted to.
  You wanted to throw up the whole time.
  Anyway, that's just a preview.
  You were begging for some candy piss to take your mind off it.
  I was just up the strip.
  You're a mere blocks away.
  The Schomburg Mall is coming.
  Schomburg Mall.
  Yes, we'll be done.
  We will learn about that specific Warner Brothers studio store as opposed to the others and  then still separately do a Warner Brothers studio store episode.
  I can't believe people listen to this podcast sometimes.
  Yeah.
  Thunder in Paradise is coming.
  In case you don't know what that is, the Hulk Hogan syndicated TV show that was shot at  the Grand Floridian in Florida.
  I think it was sort of a tax scam kind of a thing.
  Yeah.
  There was a talking boat too, I think.
  It transformed.
  It transformed at least.
  I don't know if it talked.
  There was just like a lot of room in the boat.
  It was a very deep boat.
  It was like Nightboat though from The Simpsons.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Fairly close to that.
  Anyway, yeah.
  You're going to learn all about it.
  Hey, this year, you know, down at D283 there was a Simpsons panel because Disney bought  The Simpsons this year.
  Well, not to be outdone, we bought a DVD of Father of the Pride.
  Yeah.
  One season animated show about Siegfried and Roy's lions or whatever.
  We will endure all of the episodes of this so you don't have to.
  Feel free to do it too.
  But it's your funeral.
  Jason, were you heading to something?  You don't have to.
  Well, no, I think we're all.
  I can say something.
  Mike had something.
  Oh, yeah, sure.
  We're at PTR 23.
  We don't have like a ton of exclusive merch, but I do have one very highly sought after  item.
  Now, I am going to give this item out to someone, but they must have an annual pass and are  planning to go right back to the park after this.
  Who is that?  Raise your hand if you're planning on doing this.
  Uh oh.
  Do we also need to give the caveat that it can only be for one person?  Well, they don't know what it is yet, but it is for one person.
  So in a couple scenario, there may need to be a sacrifice.
  OK, so somebody asked, should I pick or should we make Jason, you pick?  Oh, I don't want to.
  You should ask them a trivia question about your own show.
  Well, I was going to ask who came the farthest and has a pass.
  What's that?  You're from Brazil?  You're from Brazil?  I mean, I'm from Brazil.
  He moved here.
  He moved here from Brazil.
  Well played.
  Well played.
  I do admire.
  Who else?  Someone's being pointed to.
  You came here for this or for all the stuff in general?  Huh, North, oh my god.
  Well, thanks for coming.
  Wow.
  Wait.
  Oh, Atlanta's pretty good.
  Who can beat Atlanta?  Oh, Jersey?  Is that farther than Atlanta?  It's north.
  Oh no, we got to get a map out.
  We have to do calculations.
  I think New Jersey is farther.
  Florida.
  Oh my god.
  This is crazy, by the way.
  So, you're all going back to the park.
  All right.
  We're going to, I wish this was not such an exclusive item, but I have to, we have, who  was Jersey?  Maybe it's Jersey.
  You're going back to the park.
  Okay, that's important.
  Tonight.
  It has to be tonight.
  He's going back tonight.
  Sorry, tonight.
  Atlanta's going back, I think it might have to be you, sir.
  I think it has to be us.
  I'm making an executive decision.
  I'm sorry to interrupt.
  Because we could do this all night.
  Yes, I know.
  Yes, just for your time.
  You are, you swear you're going back into the park right after this.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  The exclusive item is that I have been checking and getting Fast Passes.
  And I will be checking, it's only going to be a few.
  I'm going to check right now and I will email you pictures of the Fast Passes.
  If you email podcasttheride at Gmail right now, I will send you those Fast Passes.
  We will check right now as long as my phone loads, which it might not.
  But I will find another Fast Pass and you have the most exclusive item from PTR 23.
  The benefit of my checking.
  A hand checked.
  Hand checked by Mike Carlson.
  And of course it's not loading.
  So I'm going to try to get in the Wi-Fi.
  Anyway, that will come.
  Just email us.
  Anyway.
  But that all has to happen between, now we have to keep doing the show that has to be  passed to him and then you're going to get into the park before 11 and it has to be a  Fast 4 Disneyland proper.
  Corral of that?  Yes, all of that.
  I can do that.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm a professional checker.
  I'm just saying the stakes.
  The stakes are high.
  Jason hotspot me real quick.
  Okay.
  Why don't you take my phone and I'll segue us into the next segment.
  Great.
  Okay.
  Like D23, we want to celebrate our own legends, our own PTR legends.
  Yes.
  Here is my hotspot.
  They do.
  Absolutely.
  Oh, I should have helped with that.
  I'm sorry.
  That's all right.
  That was very rude of me.
  Yes.
  You know, one big thing they do at D23 every year, they induct Disney legends.
  This year among the honorees, Christina Aguilera, John Favreau, Robert Downey Jr.
, Bette Miller,  Hans Zimmer, a great lineup.
  But we feel pretty proud of our lineup, the first ever inductees into the PTR Legends  Hall of Fame.
  And Mike, do you want to kick us off?  Oh, wait, wait.
  Oh, you know what?  Here.
  Because it's the first slide before all of that stuff, you'll see it.
  Let me, you know what?  I'll declare, he's a PTR legend.
  He's the first one.
  The person you're going to see right now.
  This is an exclusive announcement you won't see anywhere else.
  There's a series, a crucial series within our show, within podcast The Ride, that is  about to embark upon its next installment.
  I'm here to tell you about it.
  Well, it might not be what you think, but there's more stuff coming.
  Hang on.
  But, ladies and gentlemen, pre-taped via satellite, Griffin Newman.
  Yo, what's up PTR 23?  This is your boy, Griffin Newman.
  So sad to be missing a PTR 23.
  I never, ever miss one.
  Especially not those sweet PTR 23 parties.
  Anyway, I am here to give you an exclusive announcement.
  Here's my scoop.
  I will officially be reprising my role as Griffin Newman in the podcast The Ride 3D  theme park movie trilogy.
  So amped.
  A deal got caught up and so are negotiations for a little bit, but I really think we're  going to give the fans what they want, give this series back to the fans, take this franchise  to new heights.
  And I'm amped, so look for that dropping sometime around quarter three 219.
  Please and don't have too much fun without me.
  We want Griffin.
  Yeah, it's been tough.
  It's been tough negotiations.
  He's been after a second glass of water while we record because our episodes tend to go  long.
  But yes, Griffin Newman will be joining us doing another 3D movie in the near future.
  Which one of the two that are left will he do?  It's up to you to guess.
  OK, so Griffin Newman, the first PTR legend.
  I'm declaring it.
  To thank you, Griffin.
  Due to slideshow order, you by default are a PTR legend.
  And coming up next is somebody who we're very fond of and we care about very much.
  Michael, ladies and gentlemen.
  The audience has seen him.
  Mike, would you like to say a few words?  Yes, Papa Steve will not be here tonight.
  Although, we really didn't even try to get him.
  Isn't he?  Is he deceased?  I don't know.
  I think he may be.
  Does anyone know that?  We're not sure.
  I don't know.
  Well, at the very least, we do know they kept a little piece of him as the starter for the  next Papa Steve.
  The Papa dough?  Not the mother?  Not the mother dough.
  The Papa dough.
  That's how you make a Papa Steve.
  I'll quickly accept on Steve's behalf.
  I have been enjoying this kindly old man's photo for over many years here and primarily  because every time I have been going to California Adventure with Jason, I take a photo of Jason.
  Jason with Papa Steve.
  I'm realizing now it would have been great to put it in the slideshow.
  That would have been great, but it's been a busy week for me.
  I just want to say thank you on behalf of Papa Steve.
  Let's hope that even if they tear down that bread tour, they leave that up as a tribute  no matter what they build.
  If Marvel takes over and it's the Raft, the Marvel jail, and as long as they have a picture  of Papa Steve up in there, I think I'm going to be happy and we'll all be happy.
  Now not all of the PTR legends are from just one poster in California Adventure, but a  lot of them are.
  For example, there's this one poster when you leave this one bathroom in the Hollywood  area.
  I don't know if people know this offhand, but please keep an eye out for it the next  time you're in the park.
  Wait, hang on one second.
  I just want to say all of us up here, we're all multi-hyphenates.
  We want to be podcasters, but we also want to be writers, directors, actors, everything  we can be.
  It's nice that there's one guy who lets you know that America's favorite leading man can  be Hollywood's biggest star.
  And so Mike, please let's officially give the trophy to this unnamed guy.
  Unnamed gable-ish man on the cover of movie news magazine outside a bathroom not too far  from here.
  Jenny, have you noticed this before?  Do you know what we're talking about?  Has anyone noticed this before?  He looks very familiar to me.
  Is he next to off the page?  It's very near off the page.
  Yes.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It's that little bathroom plaza.
  I know it well.
  Okay, very good.
  Yeah, well, then I'm so glad we could honor him here tonight.
  Our next inductee.
  Sure.
  This is my pick, and I think it will become immediately clear why.
  It's a real Cinderella story, new on the scene, but with its peppermint ice cream,  Cajeta filled churros, chocolate brownie crumbles, chocolate sauce and whipped cream.
  It proved that not less is more, but more is more.
  It's the holiday churro sundae that I ran off a nighttime Mark Twain voyage to get.
  Just as the golden horseshoe was closing for the night.
  Perfect.
  There it is.
  There it is.
  Wow.
  Wonderful.
  I was waiting for the name of it.
  Holiday churro sundae is as good as you're going to get.
  All right.
  Fair enough.
  All right.
  Not all inductees require a big old speech.
  Some explain themselves.
  That's true of our next honoree.
  Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Duck's thick ass.
  Yeah.
  Wait a minute.
  Hold on.
  Hold on.
  Wait, what was that?  What?  Where did that come from?  In the audience listening at home, I was just trying to bring up a slide of Donald Duck's  thick ass and then there was almost like a subliminal cut to something else.
  To a different slide.
  This was supposed to be the last slide.
  I know.
  We agreed more than four would be crazy.
  Guys, care to explain?  I didn't.
  No, I did my fucking ice cream bullshit.
  I'm done.
  I just was going to do Papa Steve.
  I don't know.
  It's like maybe my, I don't want to say it, but maybe my computer is possessed?  Hit it again.
  What's happening?  Hit it because we should go to the next segment slide.
  Whoa!  No!  No!  Chuck-O!  Oh my God, it's Chuck-O the Clown.
  It's Chuck-O the Clown.
  Who came up in one episode.
  Why?  Did he work at Disneyland?  No.
  What was this again?  He had a restaurant.
  He had a menu that, this is a menu you could get at the Disneyland Hotel like 50 years  ago and he was a local Los Angeles clown and he had a song that was like, I'm Chuck-O,  I'm Chuck-O, I'm Chuck-O the Birthday Clown.
  Stop this song.
  Stop this song.
  He had a ring and I guess for whatever reason his spirit has infiltrated my computer and  now he's insisting that he's a podcast to write legends.
  No, he is not.
  No legend, are you Chuck-O?  I guess since he's here, we should induct Chuck-O into the Hall of Fame of the Legends.
  I feel Chuck-O here with us, honestly.
  I feel Chuck-O as well, accepting on behalf of Chuck-O our very own Scott Gierdner.
  What the fuck?  No, of course.
  No, absolutely not.
  As we all know, clown law dictates.
  Huh?  Clown law dictates that in order to accept for a clown, one must become a clown.
  No, no, no, no, no, stop it, I'm going to the pool, no, no, there's a wig on me, it's  over my eyes.
  And now this, I'm going to need some help on, that goes on your nosey.
  I'm not going to help you, that's for damn sure.
  Forget that.
  No.
  Alright, accepting.
  I can't forcibly glue it onto my nose than perhaps, but until then, no Chuck-O am I.
  Alright, Scott, you're freaking out.
  Here, take this glass, take this glass, calm down, calm down.
  Let's have a glass of wine, let's have a glass of your beloved wine, yeah, push the wig back.
  Oh, thank you so much.
  Push the wig back.
  Wait a minute, can I trust this?  Oh yes, just some real wine, oh no!  What?  Oh no, it's bib juice!  It's Chuck-O's favorite drink, bib juice!  The wine!  Oh no, you're going to have to drink it.
  Oh no, bib juice!  Which we.
.
.
  I don't approve of the chant that's forming.
  Not one bit.
  I am the host of the show and I decide what gets chanted and what doesn't.
  Let me make one thing very clear, if no other hosts have said that, we control the chants.
  I don't want this anywhere near, there's hairs in it.
  That's actually true.
  Why are there hairs in it?  That I couldn't tell you.
  Hmm.
  Okay, okay.
  You have to induct him.
  So you're saying this all ends.
  Scotto inducts Chuck-O.
  Scotto induct Chuck-O.
  Is this over and this thing will un-graft itself from my head?  I believe that is the prophecy.
  That's how the prophecy works.
  If I take one sip of bib juice.
  Okay.
  Oh, oh.
  All right.
  I'm Chuck-O!  Yeah!  Hey, folks!  I'm proud to be a member of the BT.
.
.
  No, no, no, no, you get out of here.
  No, I will stay in here.
  No, no, no, you get out.
  Okay, okay.
  I'm regaining control.
  All right.
  Okay.
  We got a brief second of Chuck-O and that was enough to get officially inducted as a  BTR legend.
  Thanks, everybody!  Oh my gosh.
  Oh my gosh.
  Jesus.
  Get it off.
  Get it off.
  That was.
.
.
  I'm so relieved to be Scot again.
  $18 at a Burbank costume shop.
  It was all worth it.
  Okay.
  The next time I am by of a warm colored liquid, I hope that it is wine and not the terrible  sweat of a clown.
  That's what I assume bib juice is.
  I don't want to break the fourth wall.
  Jason, was that actually bib juice or is that just like Tropicana?  That was exactly Tropicana.
  Wow.
  It would have been better if it was Donald Duck orange juice.
  Oh, that's so hard to find nowadays.
  No!  Very, yeah, it's everywhere.
  All right, all right.
  It's not, I guess it's not available at the old corner store that you shop at.
  You know I exclusively buy groceries at a Cracker Barrel General's.
  You should ask old Mr.
 Peterson to carry some Donald Duck juice for you.
  All right, anyway.
  We've had a lot of fun here.
  Hopefully no more possessions occur.
  Anyway, you know, there's one thing.
  Boy, we jammed a lot in here and you know what?  I can't believe we're not telling you until now.
  There actually is a topic tonight.
  Typical podcast the right fashion.
  That wasn't it.
  There were possessions and a bunch of slides and a guy called in from New York and we still  have stuff to do.
  And because we're so close to Disneyland, we're the closest to Disneyland that we've  ever done an episode, we want to honor the great Antion Park.
  We got to bring out the big guns.
  We got to do one of the big ones that we haven't covered.
  Let's announce what that is.
  All aboard!  Let's go!  Yeah.
  You bet your ass.
  You're damn right.
  Still Casey Jr.
  Now you know how we feel when we're deep in an episode and like, oh my God, stuff still.
  We're talking about Casey Jr.
 Circus Train, ladies and gentlemen.
  Now Jason, a noted fan of this attraction.
  I love it.
  And I think there was even the concern from you that fitting it into a live episode would  be a challenge, would be a waste, would somehow defile your beloved train.
  Not a waste.
  No, well just like, would we have time?  Would we get to it all?  Well that's in question right now.
  That's in question right now.
  That possibility is certainly on the table.
  But you know what, let's give it our best shot.
  We can eliminate a little.
  We are not talking about Disneyland Paris' Casey Jr.
 Le Petit Train du Cirque.
  No, we're not talking about that at all.
  That is a roller coaster type attraction.
  Oh yeah, it's totally different.
  What?  Yes, there was a children's roller coaster themed to Casey Jr.
 in Disneyland Paris.
  It looks like ours.
  And it still plays the song.
  It's all the stuff.
  Does it play it faster?  That's a good question.
  And louder.
  It's a metal version I believe.
  We got nightcore Casey Jr.
  Okay, so that's off the table.
  Great.
  Yes.
  We were talking about it.
  We were breaking the rules.
  Oh wait, yeah, yeah.
  We're not going 2D.
  Oh we're wasting valuable time.
  Jenny, we asked if you'd be okay with doing Casey Jr.
 as a topic and you were like, yeah  sure, why not?  I think I just didn't reply to your message.
  I think that's it.
  I think I said, Jenny, I think we were thinking of Casey Jr.
 and then no reply.
  And I said, I hope she's still doing the show.
  Yeah, that was it.
  I assumed she was.
  And look at you now.
  Now we get to talk about.
  And here I am.
  Yes, yeah, Casey Jr.
 has been said and you're here.
  Any thoughts or feelings about Casey Jr.
?  Oh so many.
  So many.
  I love Casey Jr.
  I love it because it's an attraction where the attraction aspect is kind of just the  vehicle.
  Like it doesn't matter what it passes.
  I mean it does pass things but like no one cares.
  It's like you care if you're riding in the monkey cage or the caboose or the boring bench.
  Oh yes, yeah, yeah.
  I think it mainly, mainly it is about picking that vehicle on the way in.
  And you'd have to think that the cages are the most in demand.
  And like once the ride starts, the funnest part is over.
  Because like once you're in the monkey cage, like being in the monkey cage is not that  fun.
  But like anticipating getting the monkey cage and then the moment when you get it is really  fun.
  And then you're in it and you're like, yeah, okay.
  Well, I can't see the buildings as well now.
  Your view is restricted, yes.
  It's more restricted than if you just like stood and looked at the ride.
  But like good crash protection probably?  Yeah, that's true.
  Or do you think it crumples like a smart car?  I don't know.
  I'm partial to the caboose.
  I definitely know I've made Mike squeeze into the caboose and the cage.
  Yes, I have been in the cage with Jason a few times.
  He, I won't, here's the thing.
  I've only been on the ride with him when it's his birthday.
  Wow.
  Because like, and the only other time I've honestly been on is when Scott and our friend  Andrew who's here who I believe checked you in tonight.
  We went on it and we were like, it's weird to go on it because it is for children.
  It's a child's train.
  And like we were like jockeying for position and then like families were coming by and  we're like, oh, you go ahead, you go ahead.
  You go ahead.
  We didn't want the cops called on us.
  Like three adults like trying to get kids out of the way so we can get in the monkey  cage.
  And then we like, they were like trying to seat us somewhere else and we're like, we'll  do the next one.
  We'll go to the next Casey Jr.
  So like I always, I get stressed out on it because I feel like I'm taking something out  of, taking food out of a child's mouth.
  I believe the term you meant to use is narrow gauge railway.
  What?  What do you, what?  It's not a children's ride.
  It's a narrow gauge railway.
  That means the track is more narrow than a standard gauge railway.
  That's a lot of fancy words to say small.
  So yeah, narrow every time that Jason and I go on the narrow gauge railway, I get a  little weird like, ah, do we have to do this?  But that being said, I like this song and it's a nice little trip at night.
  Nice trip.
  You get to see a storybook land from different angles.
  All the nice miniatures, those boats take a long time to load.
  I don't ride those boats that much.
  I do like them.
  I like both of the boats and the Casey Jr.
 train because they're exclusive to Disneyland.
  They're not in Disney World.
  So like there's still like some charm, some uniqueness to me growing up, having grown  up on the East Coast.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Preferences between storybook land canal boats and Casey Jr.
  Casey Jr.
 no contest.
  Strongly Casey Jr.
  Jenny, do you agree?  Yeah, Casey Jr.
  It's a train.
  I mean, it's, yeah, that's it.
  Disneyland is for trains.
  It's for trains mostly.
  It's also one of our favorite theme park archetypes.
  Little guy trying his best.
  Oh, now I see.
  Now I get it.
  Oh, absolutely.
  Yeah, I mean, it does have a little story in that regard.
  It's sort of a, you know, a Star Tours, Jurassic Park ride.
  Things go haywire in the middle.
  But in the calmest possible way and not even fully haywire.
  He just like, you know, breathing problems.
  It's really he he's like really huffing and puffing because he's having some problem with  his respiratory system.
  Yeah.
  And like the tension isn't that you might be in danger.
  The tension is that you might not be able to go fast if you can't crest the lift hill.
  You might just be a disappointing ride.
  That's the stakes.
  Sure.
  Well, it's maybe it's possible that if you don't make it all the way up the hill that  it careens all the way down backwards.
  That's why I picked the monkey cage though.
  So no stakes.
  Wait, wait, wait.
  Let me throw this at you though.
  If you're in that cage and the train falls into the storybook canal, then you might get  trapped in there as it sinks all the way to the bottom.
  But the sharks will not get you.
  Ah, yes.
  The famous sharks in the storybook.
  Good point.
  I just might want to be open air for easy escape.
  I'm so afraid that there's going to be an accident on KC Junior.
  Oh no, before you can edit this and post it.
  Oh yeah, what if nobody go on it for the next like three days?  Oh my God.
  Imagine if that broke and then there was in fact like maybe just edit it out or would you  just go, oh no, and like post it anyway.
  I think that my cautionary tale would serve as evidence that they should have kept that  thing safer.
  But what if like all of our hypotheticals happened?  They were like, yeah, the people that were on the benches were crushed on impact, but  the people in the cage, they drowned.
  And it's just like everything.
  Well, now, the guy in the caboose got the little steering wheel like jammed into its  mouth.
  No, don't give them more material.
  Don't give death more material.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Geez, everything I'm writing is coming true.
  Yeah, the crew members at the pool.
  Hollywood has told me that if I go into the water in some sort of cage or secured thing,  Benji and Luther will cut me out and put me in a boat with a bag over my head.
  Like in Mission Impossible Fallout.
  Oh, I see.
  So you didn't know the names Benji and Luther off the top of your head?  Didn't have Benji in there, no.
  I knew, yeah.
  I mean, you make a good point that this ride hopefully is inspiring to asthmatics.
  Yes, yes.
  If you think you can.
  He really is struggling.
  Like you heard him in this before.
  It's really like we went on it and we were like disturbed a little bit by it because  what are we on top of him?  What are we doing to him?  Why are we making him carry us?  We're adding to his weight.
  That's a good point.
  There's 40 of us in this train and this guy is like struggling so hard we should get out.
  He's filled with the circus.
  He's carrying the whole circus.
  But we're just people.
  We're not in the circus.
  You don't imagine you're in the circus?  Circus train.
  So he's like the people that didn't understand why Snow White wasn't in her ride.
  He's like I just don't get why we're in a circus train.
  We could not parse the complex story of the KC Junior Circus Train.
  You're the monkey.
  I guess.
  So next time I go on it I have to imagine I'm like the lion tamer.
  But you're a heavy monkey.
  I'm a 185 pound monkey?  And then when they unlock the cage they're like come out you heavy monkeys.
  Alright get a move on.
  Big boy.
  Yeah.
  Come on.
  Would you say the monkeys are thick?  Yeah.
  And then they sell your mom.
  Oh god.
  Oh no.
  That's accurate but you put it that way.
  It's definitely chilling.
  You know why did they recreate the train?  The circus wasn't the good guy in Dumbo.
  True.
  True.
  They don't have like a strong bullies cage ride where you're swinging around in these  little bird cages.
  They could.
  It would be pretty good.
  But they don't.
  It's alright you never get to leave.
  At the villains thrill park maybe.
  Well as long as you're not entertaining they eventually let you go.
  So we'd all be fine.
  Yeah.
  Well I don't think Casey necessarily knows what he's delivering and why.
  He knows it's heavy.
  He's just following orders.
  Yes.
  Okay.
  I'm letting him off the hook I guess.
  Yeah that makes it okay.
  That's fine.
  He doesn't know what's inside him.
  It's behind him.
  He faces forward.
  He can't tell what's being put.
  Oh I thought you meant like he doesn't know what's inside him.
  Like in the way none of us do until we're in like a difficult situation.
  So yeah.
  Like it could happen to.
.
.
  We could all be Casey juniors.
  Yeah.
  That's a good point.
  Yeah.
  That's what the Milgram experiment was about.
  And then in the other sense I hope there's not an animal inside me right now.
  I was already inhabited by a clown for a little bit.
  Okay so Casey junior is some kind of war criminal is what we've determined.
  Yeah I think that's official.
  We can make that ruling.
  So yeah like how often.
.
.
  Let me ask this of everyone.
  How many times do you think you've been on the ride in your lifetime?  Because I think my answer is like four.
  Five.
  Oh what?  Wow.
  Is that high?  You think that's high or low?  I was going to say like two dozen and I'm not even from here.
  I like Casey junior.
  Two dozen.
  Jason what do you think?  Yeah I'd say about maybe a dozen.
  Yeah.
  A dozen Scott?  I'm less.
  I think I'm in like I'm in five six range.
  Yeah.
  Five six.
  Do we have a new contest with the audience to see who's ridden it the most and then that  invalidates the previous contest?  No we want to do that.
  You're fine.
  You'll get your.
.
.
  Guys Casey junior is the only train in Disneyland with a face.
  Huh?  Right?  Actually I think a lot of the trains at Disneyland their faces are underneath.
  Like you're trying to anthropomorphize it like a human and just presuming the face would  be on the front.
  But I think it's if you turn it over it's like like a scary little hermit crab and  then you like see a little mouth with a beak and like beady little eyes and it goes like  and so you put it back.
  Yeah that's perfect.
  We've had a great body horror run on the show lately.
  Yeah.
  And that's perfect for this.
  You're so large and if you looked under the train you'd see all the little tiny legs.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Does?  Yeah.
  Audible ooks from the audience.
  So like the train cars and the wheels and stuff you're saying that's like it's shell  or clothing exoskeleton sort of thing?  You know when like a predator can like disguise themselves as part of the environment.
  I'm familiar.
  So it's that.
  Okay.
  That's just to like lure you in where you go like that's just a train a thing humans  are accustomed to.
  That's like when they researched us to see what we're vulnerable to they're like from  what I can tell humans love trains especially Walt Disney.
  Yeah one guy.
  Yeah.
  I know one guy who really loved trains.
  Yeah.
  Does does what does Disney own who owns Thomas the Tank now?  Hmm.
  Is that Viacom?  Is it Viacom?  No I don't know.
  What do we think?  PBS owns it?  Oh.
  Hmm.
  All right.
  No.
  Okay.
  I can say things too.
  I own it.
  Not true.
  I wish I owned it.
  Bring up some British company that's irrelevant to us.
  Oh that sounds right.
  They like trains there.
  Soon Thomas will be following orders.
  Jesus.
  I know.
  He's on the board of directors of the company.
  You approve the merger.
  There's all the euro rail like you go backpacking you can get the euro rail pass.
  Mattel.
  Mattel owns Thomas.
  Do they own the toy rights or do they own him?  I think they own him.
  They put him in his shed at night.
  It's Mattel.
  People are saying it's official.
  Three people said it.
  It's fact.
  Yeah.
  Mattel does like Hasbro owns like Mr.
 Potato Head and they own so like there are like the  toy companies and eventually like Disney will buy all of those toy companies and then they  will have Thomas and then we will re-theme the Disneyland Railroad to Thomas and Friends.
  It's only just now dawning to me I think a section of the audience thought I was making  a very dark train joke that just occurred to me now.
  I was not intentionally.
  Oh no.
  No.
  You were referring to Walt and it just felt weird.
  No.
  I know what happened.
  I'm not going to say it.
  That was not my intention.
  I was thinking more about backpackers after college taking the euro pass.
  Got it.
  Yeah.
  Please do not cancel me for train based humor.
  Oh well I'd like to talk about the song a little bit and really just a little bit of  the song because I like the song very much and I think it's a lot of the texture of what  makes this ride so fun but really the money of that song is time for lemonade and cracker  jacks.
  Cracker Jack singular.
  What?  One cracker jack.
  Cracker Jack is plural without an S on the end.
  Really?  Multiple cracker jacks.
  In the Take Me Out to the Ball game it's buy me some peanut and cracker jacks.
  Then that's plural as well.
  It's not a single.
  Sounds like some popcorns.
  See more than three people said it so it's right.
  Huh.
  Huh.
  I can't imagine any like 80% of the ballpark must pluralize it.
  Yeah.
  I've heard it but it's incorrect.
  And you take the time to try to correct everyone in the ballpark.
  I'm waving a dictionary in the air running around a baseball park pointing.
  And another game ruined by a crazed dictionary holder on the field.
  It's a public service.
  Anyway that line.
  What a delight.
  Time for lemonade and cracker jacks.
  Which I imagine is what cracker jacks singular.
  I won't do it again.
  Time for lemonade and cracker jacks.
  Which is what I imagine you sing to yourself when the Patreon money comes in.
  Before he opens the email he's going chucka chucka chucka chucka chucka chucka chucka.
  You had that one in the chamber for a while now?  Maybe.
  Did it seem pre-written or something?  No that's fine.
  I like it because of the bleakness it projects.
  Well in the.
.
.
  They had so little to live for back then.
  Yes!  This is the depression.
  Back then!  The only time you tasted sugar is when the circus arrived.
  And you're like well this is when sugar is around.
  Perhaps next year I'll taste it again.
  Very good point.
  It's sad.
  Yeah it wasn't.
.
.
  Why get one singular treat Ian it's like a thimble.
  It's just a tiny little amount.
  And you share it with your little brothers and sisters.
  It's easier for you to count out the kernels because you couldn't afford gloves.
  It's winter in my dream.
  Yes and you're taking care of like six siblings and something happened to your parents.
  Yeah Paul worked the mines and the black lung got him.
  Not a dissimilar summary from Ray Bradbury's something wicked this way comes.
  My father and the circus both rode off on trains.
  And I never saw either of them again.
  Real bleak.
  This is the world that this train ride throws you into.
  Well it's like a projection of that moment of fleeting happiness.
  So it's actually a really happy ride.
  Yeah because you would think that that happiness would be so much more amplified because you never had it on any other time of the year.
  Exactly because your life is so sad.
  You love the train.
  Right because like I go to Disneyland all the time it barely registers on my happiness meter anymore.
  Because I'm just so desensitized.
  I'm kidding I'm using it for a comedic effect.
  But yeah depression kids love trains.
  Do we have any in the audience?  Kids who love trains in the audience?  Kids from the depression.
  Oh yeah.
  Jason nice pull for you in the front row.
  Pointed right to Jason.
  Easy.
  I already get enough from them.
  Glad you got them out.
  Well that's why yeah this but what you're saying is we get to be all of us in this room get to be happy all the time with trips to theme parks and  hotel bars and live podcasts.
  You all probably take lemonade for granted.
  Yeah there was a time when people were only happy for four minutes a year.
  And it's portrayed in Casey Jr.
  Yeah it's something to think about as we go home and take our lemonade out of the fridge and our nightly bowl of Cracker Jack.
  And really like imagine like what it would be like and really be thankful for your Cracker Jack and lemonade.
  My annual lemonade and Cracker Jack.
  Jenny did you see the Tim Burton Dumbo?  I sure did I loved it.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh a lot of fans.
  It slapped if you will.
  Alright.
  Wow.
  Dumbo and holes getting big pops tonight.
  They love it.
  No yeah it was great.
  There was a lot of like just men who hated elephants.
  That's an endorsement?  Well I mean like it was an interesting like I just trust that that must have been what that was like back then.
  Oh sure.
  So you know they loved trains and they hated elephants.
  Unfortunately the two usually arrive at the same time.
  That's conflict.
  That's dramatic conflict you need for a film.
  How was Casey Jr.
 in that movie?  He was there and they played the song in the instrumental.
  So that was all I wanted from the movie and it happened immediately.
  So kind of like the ride the best part was like the very beginning and then it was okay to leave but you're already there.
  So yeah.
  Oh very nice.
  But you stay you sit you don't.
  You don't climb out.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well that's why I get in the cage.
  In case you're tempted.
  Yes.
  This will force me to finish the ride.
  Yeah.
  Well we all love it.
  What we should have us riding cages for is like it's tough to be a bug.
  Yeah.
  Too soon.
  Rest in peace.
  Hopper.
  It's an awful thing.
  It's still in Florida right.
  You can still.
  Yeah it's in like the most beautiful thing in animal kingdom.
  Oh that's right.
  They decided to put their worst attraction in there.
  The park icon.
  Oh yeah it's inside the tree of life right.
  Yeah.
  It's got a majestic kind of timeless feature that looks very like tribal and then inside it's just like the bugs from a bugs lab life make like fart jokes at you.
  And other bugs you never met.
  Who are all the other men they throw things at you.
  It's just like assault the ride.
  Things they spit at you.
  You get poked in the back right.
  Yeah you get like slapped.
  Yeah.
  They like crawl under you get slapped.
  Do we think it was a slap or like a punch.
  Oh like slapped in the back.
  So we were saying like no one just walks over and just hits you right in the face.
  It depends on the cast member that's working.
  That was something I saw in the tweet about the 23 Julia we drive us is doing a voice in an upcoming Disney movie and someone was live posting from that panel and they said Julia Louise Dreyfus who we all know from a bugs life.
  That that not Seinfeld or V.
  I mean I guess D 23.
  OK.
  If you only watch G rated films.
  Yeah.
  And try and make yourself only hear about G rated films.
  I don't know how to do that.
  But yeah that'd be the way.
  Any closing thoughts about Casey Jr.
  Circus Train.
  They put a for the Disneyland 50th anniversary or something they painted the front.
  They painted Casey gold.
  He's gold.
  Wait which part of him.
  I don't remember him his face.
  Oh I don't like.
  No.
  Yeah.
  No.
  They bored potentially unhealthy paint all over him.
  Oh my god.
  I didn't.
  Really.
  Yeah.
  They did that I think to a lot of a trade they did like a golden version of a lot of the  ride car from each but it's weird when it's the face of the train.
  Isn't that.
  Isn't that how Goldfinger killed his enemy.
  Yeah.
  That's where my mind went as well.
  Like he would murder he murdered that woman with gold and paint like he killed her.
  That's really that's fiendish.
  Casey Jr.
  Has enough trouble breathing as it is.
  Yeah.
  He's huffing gold.
  He's needlessly cruel.
  Yeah.
  They didn't paint like Lincoln gold.
  Just his face.
  Gold.
  Just as.
  Although I would have packed the room.
  You know what they should have done.
  They should have painted him bronze.
  Oh.
  Oh.
  Copper copper.
  Kind of bronze.
  Shit.
  I was so happy with myself for a second.
  And then I'm going to be really getting that all night.
  You're not going to be able to sleep.
  I looked the fool that bronze error.
  Just once tonight I looked foolish.
  Every time every other thing I look cool and like a hero.
  And anything else.
  Plus ups we kind of forget to do.
  I want a car that says adults only.
  So I know where to go so I'm not taking it.
  It should not look fun or cool at all.
  It should be just utilitarian.
  And like I just know I can go there.
  I'm not taking a cool car away from a kid.
  I'm trying to think.
  They played Steely Dan in there.
  It's still a page.
  This is my plus up Scott.
  Not yours.
  They play they just play the bare naked ladies album Maroon in there.
  Their best album produced by Don Was.
  Anyway.
  It's entirely.
  They ask who Don Do you know who Don Was is.
  And that's how they decide to let you into the adult's car.
  Very well right.
  This way.
  You can describe the hats that he wears.
  Yes.
  Walk the dinosaur.
  Yes.
  Right this way.
  I don't know about a cage that says adults only.
  I've got a more wholesome train based one.
  A quiet car where I could get some work done.
  And expanding on that make make the ride like five times longer.
  So I could really get some work done.
  I mean it's a nice like ride longer or the train is longer.
  No expand the track.
  I want I want to I would love it if you could go through like a forced  perspective versions of like the Dust Bowl or like just flat flat Midwest  Plains or something.
  We ride the train to escape all that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Ride the train to escape it.
  I mean it's a nice length ride.
  Waving.
  Yeah.
  Little animatronic.
  Yeah.
  Stop.
  I mean our town doesn't have enough money for us to stop here.
  We're looking for coins.
  I assume that's what they just called money in the olden days.
  Yeah up until 1920 everyone just used coins.
  Pay me in coins young man.
  Satchel full of coins which is actually still how Jason pays with everything.
  What could they take Casey Jr.
  off and put it on the tracks for the Disneyland Railroad.
  I believe it is a small it's both I believe more narrow gauge railway.
  So it sounded like a yes.
  No but I'm saying I think Casey might be smaller tracks.
  Is there a way though to modify it.
  Switch switch trains and on the different tracks.
  Disneyland Railroad on the Casey Jr.
  track Casey on the Disneyland Railroad track.
  We could put it on the Space Mountain track.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  There should be more track switching don't you think at the parks.
  Mix them up.
  We're all tired of the way we like all the rides but we know it the way it is.
  Time to time to mix it up.
  Put that Skyway bucket that you saw on the D23 floor on the Incredicoaster.
  Float it down pirates.
  Yeah I would love that.
  Yeah.
  That is a good idea.
  Another plus up could one of the cars be the old time like hobo thing.
  Where you would like two people.
  Two people stand and they pump the thing to make it move.
  Maybe that's even separate from it and you actually are powering it with you.
  Yeah I would go on that every time I was at the park.
  There's one of those parked at the Main Street station for the Disneyland Railroad.
  And it's just taunting me.
  It's just I can't get on it.
  Well they have a ride like that at Knott's at Snoopy.
  Oh can you do it? Can you operate it?  But you have to be shorter than 20 inches or something.
  It's to be an infant.
  To be a tiny baby.
  They're putting infants to work at Knott's.
  Generating their power.
  That was my favorite ride at Knott's when I was still short.
  Well.
  It was good.
  So steal it from Knott's, add a baby pumping machine.
  What do you call that?  And then don't say adults only but say for people over.
  Big boys.
  Big boys.
  That sounds like you could call a child a big boy though.
  They're allowed too.
  That's fair.
 That's okay.
  Well no that defeats the whole point of it.
  I don't know what you want.
  I just want a cast member to tell me where to go.
  That's what I want.
  You want to be able to fit your legs into the thing is what you want.
  Yes.
 I'm 6'3".
  He fits.
  You just got to bend him up a little.
  Alright.
 I'll go on.
  Alright.
  Alright.
 Well I think that covers us on Casey Jr.
's Circus Train.
  Wait my suggestion for plusing it.
  Oh wait.
 Sorry.
  It's intense.
 Hear me out.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Absolutely.
  Okay.
 So J.
K.
 Rowling really wanted a Hogwarts Express when they were talking about putting Harry Potter land in.
  So the way they could get her back is if they just paint the Casey Jr.
 in the color scheme of the Hogwarts Express.
  And just assert that that's what it is.
  And then they have the trolley witch go by with chocolate frogs which delays the load time by 15 minutes.
  And then they have costume performers like, blimey Harry.
  There's monkeys on the train.
  And that's kind of it.
 It's the same ride.
  But it just looks different.
 You can still see the molding of what's obviously a circus train.
  There's still a cage but it's weirder now.
  So.
  The car that says wild animals they just cross out and put Harry Potter.
  Yeah.
 Harry Potter.
  Harry and his friends.
  So that you could sum up that plus by saying just fool J.
K.
 Rowling.
  And trick her.
  Yeah.
 She would fall for it.
  Sure.
  You would put one car that just says Johnny Depp on it.
  She'd be like, yes, please.
  As soon as she sees the caboose says Johnny Depp.
  She's all on board.
  She loves Johnny Depp.
  I don't know why.
  Yeah.
  Just loves Johnny Depp.
  Hates Jeremy Corbyn.
  That's not how you're supposed to be aligned in 2019.
  So no it'll say no Jeremy Corbyn's on the train.
  Oh my gosh.
 They could add an extra Jack Sparrow animatronic.
  To be Grindelwald.
  Oh yeah.
  They just put like a gross wig on him.
  If the Imagineers are listening on the other side of the wall, which I know they are.
  Feel free to take any of these ideas.
  Tony, Joe Roady, they're all there we know.
  Listening to our brilliant.
  Let's go load up on a bunch of wine and go like find them at all the bars where they are tonight and shout all of these ideas in their face.
  That's the rest of our evening.
  But you know what?  We have one more quick thing before we wrap up and we let you get to your ride sir.
  Your mic check ride.
  One more PTR 23 announcement.
  It's a sneak peek at an upcoming podcast, the Ride event.
  An event that's bigger than our podcast.
  Bigger than all of us really.
  Bigger than anything they're showing down at the convention center.
  And hey if you have a pillar blocking your view of the screen, feel free to move.
  The people listening at home, we'll post this.
  You're going to be a little in the dark, but there's a haunting audio track that you can listen along to.
  And hopefully they collected all your cell phones at the door.
  Put them in those bags.
  Did Andrew Grissom do that?  We've got those bags.
  I see he's got a big sack of phones back there.
  Okay so, oh wait, I'll go turn the lights off.
  Oh yeah we should turn the lights off.
  We'll cut this part out.
  Let me ask Jason.
 Jason what did you have for breakfast?  I had the special K protein with golden raisins in it.
  And I had iced coffee with almond milk.
  Thank you.
  Lunch?  A couple slices of leftover pizza.
  Did you eat dinner?  Also pizza.
  I was hoping.
  Alright I did and I arbitrarily turned off some of the lights but maybe turned on other different ones.
  Yeah that's true.
  Mission accomplished.
  Alright.
  We all can see this relatively well.
  Here we go.
 To the screen.
  Oh not that.
 Edit that too.
 Edit that Alec.
  One more.
  We'll edit this out.
  The side wall.
  Where the neon signs are pretty.
  How can you lose?  Boys, boys, how can you lose?  You and I, somebody kind to help us understand you.
  Someone who is just like you and needs a gentle hand to guide them along.
  So maybe I'll see you there.
  We can forget all our troubles.
  Forget all our cares.
  So come down, down.
  Everything's waiting for you.
  Down, down.
  Down, down.
  Alright.
  Alright.
  Okay.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Boy that was thrilling.
  Hope you're all excited.
  I know there's been a ton of rumors about this thing.
  A lot of speculation.
  There's so much buzz online about how are they going to cover Sugar Boo?  Are they going to have a guest handle a little mismatched?  We've seen it.
  There's so many rumors, so much speculation.
  But there's one thing that I don't think has been rumored about  and we're going to leave you with that.
  One more quick little announcement.
  Earl of Sandwich.
  Ladies and gentlemen, Mike Mitchell will be covering.
.
.
  Our very first guest returns.
  Mike Mitchell, Earl of Sandwich.
  Every bit akin to Mahershala Blade.
  Alright, well we can't wait.
  We've got to get to work.
  We've recorded none of it and it comes out really soon.
  So we've got to get to it.
  Maybe we'll go start tonight.
  I don't know.
  But for now, you all survived Podcast The Ride live at D23.
  Thank you.
  Thank you so much.
  Jenny Nicholson, thanks for being here.
  Thank you.
  Exit through the gift shop.
  What's that?  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug, Jenny?  Nope.
  Alright.
  Star Wars video someday, correct?  Yes, Star Wars land and trains.
  Great, that's part of it now.
  Alright, and Mike, you've got to get to work.
  You've got to get this gentleman on a ride.
  Anybody who's going back to the park, have fun at D23 tomorrow.
  But don't have as much fun as you had here at PTR 23.
  Thanks so much for coming, everybody.
  That was a blast.
  Really appreciate it.
  Thanks so much.
  Thank you.
  Forever.
  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gerdner, Brett Bowen, Joe Sillio, and Alex Ramsey.
  Engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram, at Forever Dog Team, and liking our page on Facebook.
