 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains discussion  about the changing media landscape.
  Adam West impressions, hubris,  and at least five to seven minutes  that relate to theme parks.
  Jeff Garland joins us for a rousing discussion about,  you know, all sorts of stuff.
  Oh, the places we'll go.
  It's podcast, The Ride.
  ["The Ride"]  Welcome to Podcast, The Ride, a theme park podcast  hosted by three men, me, Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan.
  Say hello, Jason.
  Hi.
  And Scott Gairdner.
  And we are about to go on a fast,  rollicking madcap attraction I like to call  Mr.
 Garland's Wild Ride.
  By the way, that would be awesome.
  If I was an Imagineer and they said,  create a ride based on,  it'd just be a ride full of non-sequiturs.
  And I'd have people at certain points during the ride,  what I'd go for is them going, what was that?  But numerous times, by the way,  I don't want that at the end of the ride.
  At the end of the ride, I don't want to, what was that?  I want them to really know what that was.
  But along the way, confusion.
  Sure.
  But they would feel like at the end  that they knew exactly what you were going for.
  Yes, yes.
  Right.
  That you would get it by the end.
  But along the journey, much confusion.
  Right.
  Halfway through the ride, the animatronics all lie down  and do the rest of the ride lying down  with your trademarks.
  I would like that.
  That would be great.
  You have like Peter Pan of halfway through the ride,  Captain Hook just took a nap.
  Yeah.
  That would be good.
  That would be good.
  That feels like that would be your ride too though.
  I would love that too, yeah.
  There was that one time that the Lincoln robot  bent at the knees.
  That was essentially you're watching an animatronic.
  It was like an America's Funniest Home Video.
  Yeah.
  But it bent like sort of from behind,  like in like a limbo sort of manner,  but kept talking.
  As if Lincoln was doing a limbo?  Yeah, pretty much.
  That's really funny actually.
  I'm not sure what happened,  just those knees started bending.
  No, but that's really funny.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And by the way, what did that create?  I'm sure much confusion in the Hall of Presidents.
  Did they have a special name for that theater?  Well, this was just the Lincoln Theater at Disneyland.
  It might have been the Hall of Presidents.
  I'm not totally sure.
  I think a lot.
  What's the Lincoln Theater?  I don't even know about this.
  It's on Main Street.
  It's like when you walk right into Main Street,  there's a great moment with Mr.
 Lincoln.
  That's what it is.
  It's the Main Street Opera House.
  Okay.
  You ever seen that?  You ever sat and watched Lincoln talk for a while  on a Disneyland visit?  No, I would like that.
  Here's how I imagine he talks.
  Hello, everyone.
  I'm Lincoln.
  That is actually right.
  Well, I mean, that's what I would be going for  if I was producing the Lincoln,  you know, a few minutes with Mr.
 Lincoln.
  Hello, everyone.
  By the way, here's what I would do.
  All right, so people would go into here.
  If I was in charge of the park.
  Yeah, go ahead.
  All right, so you go into the Lincoln thing  and he says a few things.
  I just want to say that I grew up a proper young lady  and I love lemonade.
  And then he would give some true things  and then later on go, I'm telling you,  I was a proper young lady who loves her lemonade.
  Just to upset people.
  And it would upset people.
  Oh, completely.
  Yeah.
  Do you realize that Lincoln is a proper young lady?  He likes lemonade.
  People are standing up during the show  and saying like, no, this is not correct.
  I know my history.
  You know, the lemonade was not even popularized  until the 1902 or so.
  Orange County Republicans would hit the roof.
  They would be so upset  because they've been upset in the past.
  We learn more and more about Lincoln as the years go.
  I feel like a more and more nuanced portrait of him  comes out as the years go on.
  You're saying.
  I'm more curious now as to whether lemonade  was around then.
  I imagine it was.
  I threw that out in a very haphazard,  I don't know, I don't know my lemonade history.
  But you were taking on the character  of an angry audience member  who maybe didn't,  who were just spewing stuff because they were upset.
  And who might be wrong themselves.
  So they might be, if they were wrong about that,  they could very well have been wrong  about Lincoln being a proper young lady.
  Yeah, a proper young lady.
  Sure.
  Yeah, could have been.
  As time goes on, that was forever ago.
  We have no idea in the childhood.
  I don't really know.
  Well, a glass of lemonade was like  going to the movies back then.
  It was a real treat.
  The nurse did for two hours.
  It was like seeing the Avengers.
  Yes, yeah.
  When they figured out pink lemonade,  it was like infinity war.
  It broke all the records.
  People are, tickets sell out instantly.
  Most ambitious beverage event.
  All people had to use were their imaginations.
  Yeah.
  Everything else was just water with arsenic in it  and then someone figured out lemonade.
  Are there any other, like when you go in Disneyland, Jeff,  are there any other things where you're like,  I wish this was totally different?  Well, no, I don't really wish it,  but if someone were to ask me, I'd wish it.
  Okay, so if I were to ask you.
  If I'm walking down Main Street and I'm going into,  like I'd like it to be Ben Varane's cat.
  Well, I think we can agree on that.
  We can change that.
  And then it's just like,  there's pictures of Pippin on the wall.
  And he, yeah.
  I want him to be Mayor Ben from Zubali Zoo.
  From Zubali Zoo, I remember Mayor Ben.
  My childhood, you guys saw that, right?  Yeah.
  Where he was like a cat man.
  He was like a cat man, yeah.
  But the point being is I love Disney as it is.
  I really do.
  Yeah, sure.
  But if I could, you know,  look, it's like one of those things like,  you know, like you wish that,  like I've always had this dream of someone I hate  being naked for a day and not knowing it.
  Like walking through the city, going grocery shopping,  completely naked and they think they're dressed.
  And when people come up and go, you're naked.
  This is someone I hate.
  I don't hate that many people, but.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  I wish they'd experienced that.
  So wait, you wanted, what do you want?  What does that have to do with Disney?  No, I'm just saying.
  That's just a wish you have.
  I see, I see.
  I always could use the premise of looking at something  and going, if you could for a day or an hour.
  But Disneyland is perfect.
  Right.
  No changes.
  Of course.
  Disneyland is actually, you know,  what the Disney company should be.
  Yeah.
  Maybe once was.
  Now they just want everyone's back end.
  On a writing deal.
  They want everyone's everything.
  Yeah, they want everyone's everything.
  They're an evil empire.
  Yeah, I think you probably could argue.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I mean.
  I tend to think so.
  Currently.
  All right.
  Sure.
  Are you worried about saying that  in a possible Toy Story 5?  No.
  Okay.
  Cause they're not gonna listen to this shit.
  They don't care about podcasts.
  By the way, I love Toy Story  and I think Toy Story, everything's right about Toy Story.
  Yeah, it's perfect.
  I've seen Toy Story 4 of you.
  It's great, yeah.
  Is it great?  You have like the funniest runner in the movie.
  No, I'm not seeing it.
  I was out of town for the premiere.
  That's when I usually see it.
  Oh, gotcha.
  Yes, the runner is the funniest thing.
  Oh my God.
  Very foot gets the biggest laugh, I feel like.
  Oh good.
  That's nice.
  Desiring the dad to go to jail.
  Oh, I remember something like that when I was little.
  That's what I was wondering.
  Is that like one of many things  or did you know while recording it?  No, I did many things.
  And I did other people's lines.
  What they do, I think at certain points is go,  all right, who should say this here?  Okay, okay.
  So I recorded many different lines.
  I improvised.
  I did all sorts of stuff.
  I have no idea what the, you know.
  Oh, yeah.
  I feel like we spoiled it for you then by telling you that.
  That's not my experience.
  That wasn't my experience on WALL-E.
  That was not my experience on the first,  the Toy Story 3 that I did.
  But that was my experience on Toy Story 4.
  I did a lot of lines where they go try this  and I saw that it was for somebody else.
  Oh, gotcha.
  Well, it is.
  When you watch the credits at the end of the movie,  they are balancing 70 characters.
  When you realize everything you took in,  like, oh my God.
  And now that like, now the crew from three is around  and needs to be serviced and like,  and then a whole new set of people.
  Like, so I'm impressed by the filmmakers being able to like.
  They were very nice, very thoughtful.
  And they had great sense of humors.
  So that's all I can say.
  It was a very wonderful experience, actually.
  All three of my, four of my experiences  were all wonderful in different ways.
  I was also the lemon in one of the Cars movies.
  Cars 2, I think.
  Yeah, I never saw it.
  Yeah.
  Well, you could pay me to see a Cars movie.
  What do you think about it?  That one is wild.
  Well, the thing about the Cars movies,  they're not generally Pixar movies for years,  were the what if.
  What if the toys talked when you're not around  and had meetings?  What if there were monsters?  There's a meeting.
  What if there were monsters under your bed?  You know what I mean?  And had meetings, also.
  Different types of things.
  Okay, well then Cars, they live in a car land with cars.
  They're taught, it's not a what if, it's just cars.
  Now I can, I don't want to belittle the Cars movies,  which I've never seen,  but their toys sell more than all the other Pixar toys  put together, the Cars movies.
  Yes.
  So that might be a motivator to keep making Cars,  is what you're saying.
  Yes, I would say, keeping it.
  And then when you're seven years old, you don't care.
  Yeah.
  About the quality of the vroom, vroom.
  You're not sitting there going,  this is just a James Bond movie plot with Mater.
  Yes.
  That is what it is.
  With Mater.
  He's Larry the Cable Guy's junkyard character.
  Oh, okay, how exciting.
  Love your back of, do you know who the,  well what is the Lemon and who does the Lemon talk to?  The Lemon, I talk to maybe Larry the Cable Guy.
  I don't remember, I get towed.
  You seen a tow truck?  Yeah, he tows you.
  He tows me Larry the Cable Guy towed you in the movie.
  In the beginning or the end of the movie, yes.
  So I don't even, I knew him,  I don't want to give away his secrets,  but I knew him before he was Larry the Cable Guy in Florida.
  When it was Dan, right?  It was just Dan.
  Dan Whitney.
  Yeah, he talks a little bit about it.
  Oh, he does?  I've seen him kind of half.
  I've heard that he doesn't come out of character.
  He's never Dan Whitney,  that he's always Larry the Cable Guy,  even when he's interviewed at his house.
  I watched him do an interview  where he was half out of character.
  I don't know what that means.
  He means he had-  Is it that accent?  Yes, that is what it means.
  He was like, well, you know,  I can go in and out of Larry and it just,  we know he goes depending on what state I'm in,  that's sort of how I talk.
  So if I'm really hanging out with my Southern friends  and then he goes back into the Southern accent  and he's talking about cars  and he talks about how much it means to him.
  So he's like kind of half out of character.
  By the way, I heard very nice things about him  from the Pixar people,  because I haven't seen him in years.
  The ride where he sings these little songs,  the Mater's Junkyard Jamboree.
  That's like a ride?  I've never had a lot of fondness for him  or him in the movies,  but I'm listening to those songs in the line.
  I'm like, these are great.
  Those are good.
  Those are like Larry Cable Guy thing I really enjoyed.
  Oh, how about that?  I agree.
  And that's also in like the Cars Land?  Yes.
  On the way to the big one, there's two smaller ones.
  Oh, okay.
  Essentially just like a spinning around.
  Who's the voice on the big one?  Would that be me?  Which big?  What are you talking about?  The big one.
  The big ride?  By the big one, I mean the big cars ride.
  Oh, yeah, screw that.
  Not Midway Mania, which you were talking about.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  Your arm was in there.
  If that's where you're talking about.
  But can I say something?  Yeah, yeah.
  I don't love that part of the park.
  Oh, really?  I'm more into the Disney part.
  Well, you should know that you've been with me.
  Yes, we went, famously, the listeners know,  because we talked about it last year.
  Yeah, we spent more time in Disneyland,  because it's got the history.
  Disneyland is just, it's truly,  and I hate to sound like a doofus,  it's the Magic Kingdom.
  Yeah.
  It's, there's a specialist to Disneyland  that does not exist on the other park.
  The other park's kind of, by the way,  I saw, I don't know if I talked about this last time,  I saw the other park as a, on a table.
  The model, when it was a model.
  Yeah, when it was a big, it was a big room.
  Like, this model of the whole thing.
  She's really.
  Huh, wait, like when it was in development, you're saying?  When it was in development, yeah, I was allowed to.
  When I did the voice for Midway Mania.
  Oh, gotcha.
  They pulled me into a room.
  They made love to me gently.
  When I, by they, I mean.
  Careful, careful.
  By they, I mean all the Pixar people.
  Oh, okay.
  They're all eager to poke me.
  But anyhow, yeah, so.
  Yeah, because at that time,  they were redoing a lot of it.
  Like, 2008 to 2012,  they were kind of giving that park a facelift.
  Yeah, that's what I saw.
  Yeah.
  You were right in the middle when you guys got.
  I saw the mountains and all that.
  The cars and mountains, yeah.
  Yeah, and the, yeah.
  I just realized in the Cars Land though,  they have a ride where Larry the Cable Guy sings a song,  and then they have a ride where Tony Shalhoub sings a song.
  Who's Tony Shalhoub?  He's Luigi the car, he's an Italian car.
  Oh, I forgot that.
  And he has multiple songs that he sings as well.
  So you can hear Tony Shalhoub sing.
  So where's your multiple songs?  Yeah, you should have a ride.
  I'm happy that I don't,  because they would not offer me a lot of money.
  It's not something I have interest in.
  That is true.
  They would not.
  I have no interest in singing on a ride,  and they don't pay that much.
  It's kind of like if you're not busy that day type of money.
  Yeah.
 Okay, sure.
  Yeah.
  Like might as well,  but you're not gonna go out of your way.
  Might as well type money.
  Sure.
  You go, yeah, I'll be on the Toy Story ride.
  I'll be part of the history of it.
  You know what I mean?  But in general, no, it's not like,  oh, I gotta get, I hope they call.
  Because it's also that's, from what I understand,  that is it.
  That's the payment.
  That ride can run for 20, 30 years.
  Yes, I never get another payment.
  It's a buyout.
  It's a buyout.
  There's no residuals.
  No, there's nothing.
  Nothing.
  And it's just one little thing.
  Because it is being aired more than any TV show  could ever air.
  Yeah, it's constant all day, every day.
  Millions of times.
  But you're agreeing to a buyout,  and what the hell, I don't care.
  Sure.
  Sag should step in though, honestly.
  It would be so funny if there was somebody  whose job was to count how many performances.
  We heard though that this is what they did  for the music union, whatever you call it, ASCAP,  that they had to have someone count  how many times Small World plays every day.
  And then that's how they figured out  how much you have to owe the people who compose the songs.
  So that is-  Wait, the people who compose the songs  get money every time?  It's what I was told.
  But it's a Small World, it's an infinite loop.
  Right, but you have to, I guess when the loop loops over.
  This was told to me by someone who should know too.
  This wasn't just like-  Is it someone that you knew?  What do you mean?  Because it's a Small World.
  Nice.
  Maybe you knew them and you go,  hey, I can't believe I knew him  and he was the one doing that.
  It was a tiny little girl from India.
  Proper young lady?  Yeah, proper young lady from India.
  So yeah, so maybe the Sag needs to just do  what the ASCAP people are doing.
  We are calling today for the unions to invade  and take care of this wasteland of illegality.
  Sure.
  Jeff, have you been to any theme parks  in the last year at all?  Anything that would constitute a theme park  with a ride, a Ferris wheel even?  I've probably been to Disneyland in the past year.
  I've been there since we went.
  Sure.
  Yeah, and I'm going again.
  We're filming there.
  Really?  Next week I'm filming in Disneyland.
  Oh my God, oh no kidding.
  Yeah, I can't really give specifics as to why.
  But it's Skolberg's.
  Yeah.
 Sure, yeah.
  Yeah, filming in Disneyland next Wednesday.
  Wow.
  The great tradition of,  the theme park episodes of sitcoms are my favorite things.
  This is a yes.
  We are, the Goldberg family is going on a trip  to Disneyland.
  Oh boy.
  Wow.
 Fantastic.
  We're filming there next Wednesday.
  So does it need to be like aged then in some regard?  I don't think so.
  I think they'll probably put us like in an area  with the cups or.
  No, tea cups.
  I think we're filming near the roller coaster  with the water.
  Which one's that?  The Matterhorn.
  The Matterhorn, you mean?  Yeah, the Matterhorn.
  That's right.
  That was in the 80s, right?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So I assume that's right.
  You're not taking a road trip through a time portal  and ending up in Galaxy's Edge to get a little of that.
  Can I say something?  Can I be honest with you?  Yeah.
  If we were, I'd be more excited.
  No, I mean.
  And if we were, I would take less money  than I currently take from the Goldberg.
  Is that true?  If there was time travel.
  Let me tell you something, in all sincerity.
  I had a talk with Adam Goldberg,  who's no longer on the show.
  He signed a deal with ABC, Disney,  and he's left.
  Sony couldn't close a deal with him.
  Which is funny.
  We have new producers this year  who are already writers on the show, and they're great.
  And I love Adam and Miss Adam.
  But Adam and I had a discussion  because it's hard to come up with these stories.
  I said, after five seasons, let's have aliens, let's have.
  Let's have cousin Oliver II the second.
  All these different things that jump the shark.
  Let's do a jump the shark season.
  And at the first episode, we're watching Happy Days,  and Fonzie jumps the shark and we comment.
  And then everything that could possibly happen  in terms of new children, every aspect.
  And he agreed, and then we didn't do it.
  We're still not doing it.
  Because if I ran, there'd be gunplay.
  There'd be lots of stuff.
  Yeah, meeting past selves all the time.
  And then very special episodes, learning about things.
  I would love it.
  Oh man, that would be fun.
  Yeah, like a really serious episode about crack.
  Yeah, crack, specifically.
  Crack, when my character gets addicted to crack.
  It's a bad sign.
  No jokes on the entire episode.
  Yeah, or I do one episode about the word allegory.
  Sure.
  Just to confuse people.
  That's part of my ride.
  Oh, I was gonna say, you're moving through the 80s,  so you will hit the point where John Woo  has started to get very successful in Asia.
  So you could do John Woo bullet time episodes  with the doves going by the camera and everything.
  If only you and I were in charge.
  I know.
  I'd be so into that.
  If you pitched that to me, I'd go, let's do it.
  Go write it.
 Sure.
  Cause somebody's gonna find doves.
  And then what you'd do, you'd write a first draft,  and I'd go, let's film it.
  Yeah.
  I guess I wouldn't even read it.
  I wouldn't even read it.
  What if it was like too short?  Don't care.
  It's five pages long.
  By the way, just me break dancing  in the middle of Main Street.
  Oh boy.
  This is the kind of thing I love on shows.
  Cause I love when my favorite episodes are where  the beach boys show up and then they just do three songs  and the plot's out the window.
  One of my favorites was from What's Happening  when the Doobie Brothers came up.
  And then Raj said, which doobie you be to one of the doobies.
  I got two years later to meet the man who wrote that show.
  Oh really? And I thanked him.
  Wow.
  You had that in your head?  Yeah, I never left it.
  That is a great part where they all get,  what rerun is like bootleg recording in the concert.
  Oh yeah, that's the one.
  Oh yeah.
  That's a thing.
  But here's the thing.
  Here's what was beautiful.
  You guys are young and you never got to experience this.
  And what that is, it's like the equivalent of your show  and the people who listen to your podcast.
  You're all on the same page.
  You're all share a love for something.
  When I was able to, during most of my younger years,  pre-college if you will, when I watched a TV show,  most everybody else was watching the same show.
  You shared the reruns, even Bewitched, whatever.
  People had shared experiences from now everything to,  I mean, the degree with Hulu and all the channels,  all the podcasts, people only go to  what they feel comfortable with.
  That's what they jump in on.
  And there's really, unless you share views,  it's why we're so fractured politically,  because unless you share a view  with someone you're not going there,  you're gonna watch the news that presents the news  the way you like it.
  That's the world we live in.
  It's all split up.
  Hearing the Rajan rerun, that made me very happy.
  Everyone was united.
  There's 30 million people all watching rerun bootleg.
  Right.
  Now the Goldbergs, I think, after the Watchma,  call it six point some million people or eight million,  whatever, it's a low amount,  but yet it's one of the top rated shows.
  Back in the days of what's happening at shows like that,  it would have been canceled first week.
  Yeah, I would say even in must-see TV,  that would have been a low amount.
  In terms of people even watching TV,  it's a fraction all over the place,  because everyone's all over.
  Yeah, which is the cool end of it  is that then people can find things that are like,  this is made for me, this is the nichiest thing.
  Without a doubt, that is delightful.
  So, you know, I'm not a crotchety, I'm an old man.
  I'm a weak old man, my body hurts.
  But I will say this, I'm not complaining about it.
  It just is what it is.
  Well, actually, I am crotchety about this type of thing.
  Mostly, I'm not even saying.
  I was trying to think of one good,  one glass half full thing about the plant  just splintering over there.
  No, I think there's lots more to choose from,  and I think a lot more actors are working.
  But even when you talk about actors working,  they're working on shows that run six to 10 episodes,  13 if they're lucky, and then they're tied in,  they can't do something else.
  You know what I mean?  It's like, you don't, it's a different world.
  You know, yeah.
  And then there's the thing of like,  I made a thing, I'm on a thing.
  And then the entire channel went away.
  Like never to be found again.
  By the way, you say that.
  True TV, I think, is leaving.
  Yeah.
  And TBS is taking their program, I think.
  Oh.
  Yeah, that sounds right.
  Something like that.
  Yeah, yeah, and HBO Max is in charge of all of them.
  It's gonna be the whole thing.
  Yeah.
  It's all.
  My DirecTV Now is now gonna be called AT&T Now.
  Is it really though?  Yep.
  Wow.
  That's creepy.
  It is creepy.
  AT&T, who wants that in something you like?  No, but now they run our entertainment.
  Speaking of evil empire.
  Yeah, I know.
  Yeah, it all sucks.
  I'd love for the main people of Disney  and the main people of AT&T to wrestle to the death.
  And the survivor gets to produce whatever show they want.
  Hey, yeah, which hopefully if you had like a.
  In the name of my show.
  We do this for in their ear.
  I've got a new detective show.
  I play proper young lady.
  What happens is I go to a crime scene.
  I go interview bad guys and I say,  I'm officer proper young lady.
  They're so confused, I get them to say anything.
  Pull out my badge, I'm officer proper young lady.
  How do you spell that?  Never you mind.
  Where were you?  Boom, done.
  Done, sure.
  Show over.
  It's a six minute episode.
  You know, I admire your commitment.
  You gotta pick a bit and stick with it  because all this fragmentation makes  pulling universal references in comedy so difficult.
  Like I tried to pitch a sketch at UCB  of like that involved the dilly dilly people,  the Bud Light people.
  And everyone's face in the room was blank  because it's like, oh, no one has cable.
  Who are the dilly dilly people?  I don't even know.
  But this is the point.
  Back then, if you watched Happy Days  and the dilly dilly commercial came on,  we all had the shared experience.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I just asked you guys if you ever saw a show  called DCI Banks, which I'm enjoying.
  And as I'm watching it and it's really well done,  there are so many parodies you could do of it  that no one would give a shit about.
  Sure, yeah.
  Yeah.
  But we would probably like, if you like,  we're all, I think we all, everyone in the room is similar.
  Oh, no, you would enjoy it very much.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We all enjoy an old Batman episode  where Jacques Gabor plays the owner of an evil day spa.
  What was her name again?  Miss Minerva.
  Yeah.
  That's real, that's.
  Hold on.
  Miss Minerva, so help me.
  If you've harmed Aunt Harriet  when she came in to get her nails done,  I will, quick, Robin, get Chief O'Hara over here.
  Mm-hmm.
  Damn, that was great.
  That was fantastic.
  That was that little warble that Adam West.
  Adam West, I've done it for Adam West twice.
  First time.
  Was he amused?  Was, evening at the improv.
  He was hosting a different episode,  but they had me go up on stage,  like during one of the breaks and do it for him.
  Wow.
  He came up to me afterwards.
  From behind, he said, excuse me, you are very talented.
  Good luck to you, really good luck.
  Ha ha.
  Then, only like a week before he died,  I was on a radio show with him and I did it.
  And he's not gonna remember, you know.
  And I did it and he said to the host,  and I went, that is the worst impression I have ever heard.
  And I laughed so hard, I almost died.
  You know, so.
  You vile fiend.
  You fiend.
  How dare you.
  How dare you, Riddler.
  Scott did a couple things with him.
  He was on Scott's cartoon that he made  called Moonbeam City.
  And he was on Gilbert Gottfried's podcast promoting it.
  And he didn't know the name of the show.
  The show was called Moonbeam City.
  And he goes, there's a wonderful show.
  And it's called Razzle and Dazzle.
  He really said that.
  He sweared it, because it was a character's name.
  The main character's name is Dazzle,  it was Rob Lowe and his father for one episode.
  Did you ever see that cartoon that the guys,  guy who did this other cartoon,  I never knew that, I never put it together.
  But Bob Odenkirk and I used to laugh so hard  at the Cosby cartoons, the little shorts.
  The mysteries.
  Justin Roiland, who does Rick and Morty.
  Oh, Rick and Morty did a thing where he created robots  of all these Cosbys.
  And Cosby made them stop.
  It was awesomeness.
  It was like bathtub Cosby.
  And like anything there was,  it was one of the greatest things I've ever seen.
  I wonder if it's on the internet now,  because Cosby can't stop anything.
  He lost all his power.
  Or he'll just make that his cause.
  Try to win that lawsuit.
  Well, by the way, the idea that he announced  on his website, Happy Father's Day.
  On Twitter, right?  Wasn't it Twitter?  Twitter or whatever, it's just a guy.
  He's out of touch, he doesn't get it.
  Yeah, he is out of touch, I would say.
  He's a fucking rapist.
  Did he auto fill out his Twitter calendar  before going to jail?  So I was getting these.
  That's really funny to think about that.
  Schedule my tweets might be a way for a while.
  I just want to say hello to all the proper young ladies.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry to the listeners,  because that's not even that funny.
  And I laughed.
  I keep going.
  You don't have to apologize.
  I was going to ask you, I was thinking about this.
  When you were a young man,  did you go to Kittyland in Chicago?  I went to Kittyland in Chicago.
  I can tell you, here's something for you.
  So everyone's birthday,  it was a big deal to have your birthday at Kittyland,  which is this little teeny amusement park,  but my memories of it are wonderful.
  However, I was a very wild child.
  I had impulsivity issues, all that sort of shit.
  So dig this.
  If someone had a party, this happened numerous times,  they had a fire truck that would take you,  this back in the days  where they weren't going to strap you in.
  They just had a fire truck  where kids were in the back of a fire truck,  which is essentially probably a truck.
  It was a fire truck.
  I had to ride in the car  with the mother of the birthday kid behind the fire truck,  because I was the garland boy,  and they were afraid I'd throw some other kids off  or do something.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's 100% true.
  Wow.
  And I would ride and watch the kids have fun  sitting with the mom without a seatbelt on.
  If you hadn't been there,  would you have thrown one of the kids out?  By the way, highly unlikely,  but I was an impulsive young lady.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I wouldn't have thrown one of the kids off, no.
  Right.
  Because I mean, I look back,  but I was a wild kid for sure.
  Yeah.
  But I never, here's the thing,  I was always a class clown.
  I was a wild kid, but I never did mean things.
  Do you know what I mean?  Yeah.
  I never was bad.
  I just did things that upset people  because I was loud and impulsive.
  Was there a ride you liked the best?  I mean, they had the standard,  there was a Ferris wheel, there was a Tilted Whirl.
  I liked the ride, the little train  that went around that you controlled.
  It was like, you were-  It was like the Autopia at Disneyland, I think, right?  Yeah.
  There was a little movement.
  I didn't get to, Kittyland Closet,  I was alive, but we never went.
  I think it was on Dempster or one of those streets.
  I don't know.
  Yeah, something like that.
  Yes, but I did go to Kittyland quite often.
  Mm-hmm.
  Are there, you grew up with anything else  amusement park-wise?  There was, well, I moved from Chicago  when I was 12 to South Florida,  and there was a place called Pirates World.
  Oh.
  Pirates World was like an amusement park like that  with roller coasters, but also they'd have concerts.
  Someone just sent me a JPEG of Led Zeppelin tickets  to go see them at Pirates World.
  Whoa.
  They had lots of concerts there at Pirates World.
  Yeah.
  It was Griffin Road and I-95 in Hollywood, Florida.
  So if you wanna go visit the empty spot,  the vacant spot, I don't know, maybe-  I don't even know what's there now.
  I wonder.
  I don't know, but anyhow,  Pirates World was a big deal in terms of amusement parks.
  And then also there was Monkey Jungle and Parrot Jungle  in South Florida that I would go to and the Seaquarium.
  Is one of these a thing, our guest told us about a thing  where like a monkey had to go off a diving board  where they made monkeys do bad things to amuse the grad.
  That might've been Monkey Jungle.
  My big thing, memories of Monkey Jungle  were going with my uncle and then he would say,  when they went and say, how was Monkey Jungle?  And he'd go, we saw a lot of monkey duty  and I thought that was so funny.
  That's pretty funny.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I don't disagree with that.
  Yeah.
  So you left Chicago in like 19-  75, 76.
  Okay.
  75.
  Cause there was, I was looking this up  and I didn't know anything about this.
  There was a place called Old Chicago Amusement Park.
  Yes.
  Do you remember this?  No, but you know, by the way,  the most famous amusement park was the one over on Western.
  What was it?  It was-  Oh wait, yeah.
  No, it's like the most famous in Chicago.
  Everybody talked about it for years.
  My dad went there as a kid.
  Yeah.
  It was-  Chicagoland?  No.
  No, that's a good name though for one.
  Just trying.
  It was just called Grandma.
  And you'd go there and old ladies  would just take you home with them  and touch your genitalia.
  Yeah.
  Riverview?  Yeah.
  Riverview was very popular in Chicago.
  Yes, it was there for years.
  It was gone, I think, by the time I was born.
  67, it was closed.
  I was born in 62, so I was five.
  My parents never said,  let's take the boy to Riverview.
  I never went to my knowledge.
  This Old Chicago one was in 1975.
  Where was it?  It was one year?  It was Bolingbrook.
  No, no, it lasted for, well, it lasted for six years,  but it was the first indoor amusement park.
  Oh, did it?  It was a mall?  Yes, it was a mall, but they had roller coasters,  they had fun characters,  and they had musical performances.
  And I would like to read some of the performers.
  Paper Lace.
  Lace.
  That went through.
  Tommy James and the Shandels,  The Coasters, Wild Cherry, Willie Ames.
  Oh, from.
.
.
  Eight is Enough, Charles and Charge.
  And what was the movie he did with Zapped?  Oh yeah.
  Yeah, well, yeah.
  And he also in the 90s was Bible Man on TV.
  Yes, our.
.
.
  We were going to do a whole episode about Bible Man,  which is a real religious show he was on,  Bible Superhero.
  And you know, he and Kirk Cameron date now.
  I didn't know.
  Yeah.
  Those hypocrites.
  Anson Williams played there from Happy Days.
  What?  Here's what Anson Williams did.
  He stood on the stage and people in the audience just went,  Pottsie!  And he'd give a light wave.
  He just endured Pottsie-ells for 90 minutes.
  Sit on it.
  Sit on it, Pottsie.
  By the way, that was in his writer.
  No one was allowed to say sit on it.
  Someone says sit on it,  you get the fuck out of there.
  You rough them and don't be soft.
  Don't be easy on them.
  Get them out of there.
  Don't be easy on them.
  As if they would be really kind to the people  being kicked out for saying sit on it.
  Move them, but give them a nice couch to sit on afterwards.
  Rip Taylor performed there.
  Nice.
  Yeah, nice.
  It's good it's indoor too,  so the confetti couldn't get far.
  The Star Wars robots, C-3PO and R2-D2,  listed as performing.
  What the fuck are you talking about?  They did a live act?  I don't know.
  What do you mean?  Well, you know I'm in the new Star Wars.
  I knew that, but I thought that was a secret.
  I guess it is, but I don't have any lines.
  You want me to cut this out?  No, no, no, I'm one of those people that's in it  and you go, who's that?  That looks, because I think people will know that it's me.
  Well, they'll know if they-  What's the tell?  I'm not telling.
  You can't tell the tell.
  Yeah, I'm not gonna tell the tell.
  I don't wanna do that.
  Don't tell the tell.
  But I am in it.
  Huh, but you think we, with no information,  we're watching the film, but we would know.
  My point being is I worked with the CP-3O guy.
  You did?  Who, by the way, wears the outfit, literally,  and he's very proper and he's very kind gentleman,  but he takes it very seriously.
  Wow.
  Crazy seriously.
  Huh, were you-  So if he was touring the nation in Chicago, then he was-  No, I think it was fake CP-3Os.
  I don't think so.
  I don't know.
  If I were him, I'd wanna tour.
  I'd wanna go sing songs, go sing like, you know,  Parking Family covers.
  He sings the Luigi songs from Cars.
  Yeah, he does some Shakespeare sonnets,  some soliloquies.
  Nobody was very focused and serious,  cause I, you know, I'll actually have a good bit  after the movie comes out,  because I really did a lot to distract everyone  and fuck things up.
  Sure, yeah.
  Including JJ.
  Starting with calling him CP-3O.
  JJ would say to me, he goes,  stop moving to your right,  cause you know you're filling the whole screen.
  I'm not making that up,  cause I saw where the camera was  and I would make my way into like an area.
  And he goes, you can't cause everyone's gonna go,  because what I was in it, I can't talk about,  but you would be, it would put all your focus there,  trust me.
  Okay, okay, sure.
  Didn't you say there were versions  where you were allowed to just say whatever you wanted?  I did it for the dailies that they sent to Disney.
  I did one where I talked about,  I'll be making, I told certain characters to leave,  go do what they're about to do.
  When they come back, I'll have built a puppet theater  and there'd be fresh pancakes for everybody.
  So this was just sent blinds to Disney for them to go what?  I don't know if they'll put that on the CD, the DVD,  but there are DVD extras, whatever extras.
  iTunes has extras now, but the point being is,  I don't know if they'll include any of that.
  Wow.
  Yes, I did do that on the Star Wars set.
  This is another character though,  that could end up in a ride maybe.
  Well, by the way, there was a,  I did a 3D thing of my character.
  I was with you when you did it.
  What?  Well, that was actually,  That's a different day?  That was for, yes.
  There was another scan.
  What you came with me for was the scan for my costume.
  Oh.
  The scan for everything I wore.
  So it would fit me exact.
  No, I got scanned for a fucking toy.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  I will tell you the name of my character, Zebra Girl.
  That's all I can say.
  Pretty little Zebra Girl.
  It's not what many other names sound like  in the Star Wars universe.
  Honestly, it does.
  There's a character named Yak Face.
  That's real.
  Yeah, but I think so.
  That's extremely similar.
  I don't think it's similar at all to Zebra Girl.
  I don't even know what my character's name is.
  I'll name my character.
  There's this whole damn well, I'll name it.
  That's great.
  I think,  Jizamina.
  It's not a porno.
  It's not a G.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Maybe that character will have  their own Disney Plus series though,  cause everything's spinning out.
  By the way, who knows?  Would you do it?  Play this whatever character.
  No.
  No.
  Cause they're coming for your back end, so.
  What's that?  You know, they're taking your back end.
  Disney's coming for the back end.
  Yeah, no, no, I would not have no interest.
  What if the character,  your character was played by Jason?  Would you sign off on it?  Would you give him the blessing to portray the character?  Last thing, I beg them.
  I would too.
  I would say please.
  Please.
  Please.
  Yeah, we're looking.
  But I would only, if it was called Nursing Richards.
  Did it have to be the name of the show or the character?  Both.
  Both, okay.
  It's fine.
  That's fine with us.
  A Star Wars spinoff called Nurse.
  See, I love confusing people.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, it's working.
  Yeah, I know, people will be so confused.
  The new Star Wars show is a character we don't know  whose name is a verb.
  And then it's played by the podcast  that rides Jason Sheridan, I think.
  Come on, how awesome would that be?  We'd love it.
  Yeah.
  I'd beg for it.
  Yeah.
  So I had not been to Wrigley Field.
  We went to, you were very nice  and took me to Wrigley Field last year.
  And I hadn't been in many years.
  And to me, it's starting to look  a little more like a city walk around there.
  The outside?  The outside.
  As much as you say city walk, it's really not.
  It looks like a place where people would gather  and there's lots of funds and there's a big board.
  It's not, city walk is disappointing.
  What?  I said heresy.
  Outside of Wrigley Field is delightful.
  I agree.
  Well, but the thing is, we three think city walk also  is disappointing, but also is delightful.
  We feel like it's both things at the same time.
  Like we have a lot of affection for it.
  I've actually never had a bad time at city walk.
  But I've just seen all the things open and close.
  It just seemed so unfocused, city walk, the randomness.
  Yes, certainly.
  Of it all.
  It's tacky.
  It's tacky, that's exactly the word.
  And actually at times you hear dangerous.
  Once in a while.
  There are some bad stories.
  There's been some deaths in the parking lot.
  By the way, supposedly there's secret meetings  of people who are into old West collectibles.
  Here we go.
  They meet near where the water pops up out of the ground.
  There's an area over there where people exchange spurs.
  The seediest thing I've ever heard.
  And that's the thing that makes the most sense to me  about city walk.
  There's one good thing in it's course.
  Yeah, well we agree, that's good too.
  What would really ruin the Wrigleyville area?  Would it be a full Cubs theme park?  Would that be a terrible,  it would be a terrible idea, no doubt.
  No, but by the way, I actually disagree with you.
  In terms of everything is about execution.
  Now my automatic response to anything  is a bit of cynicism.
  And cynicism is not good.
  Skepticism is good.
  But now the way the world is all so corporate  in terms of these things,  I'm actually more cynical than I am skeptical.
  And that makes me sad.
  But the execution of, I'll give you an example.
  Man, I always have loved the farmers market  at Third and Fairfax.
  And when they talked about the Grove, I was skeptical.
  I wasn't cynical.
  I was like, really, is this gonna work?  And it's great.
  I think it's great.
  And it brought a whole new life to the farmers market.
  The farmers at night is vibrant.
  And it's just, the whole area is just, it's,  I mean, the bad part is the traffic at Fairfax and Third  is really the negative part of it.
  But outside of that, the execution was done well.
  Wrigley Field, people were like,  you're gonna put a scoreboard here and do this and do that.
  But the execution is wonderful.
  I like it.
  You don't go into Wrigley Field going, this is horrible.
  It still is a magical place.
  By the way, Wrigley Field's one of the only places  that I feel on in America that you can compare  to Disneyland in terms of how one-  The feeling you're getting.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I agree, yeah.
  Magic, history.
  Especially when you come out,  when you walk first into the park in the middle of summer  and it's all green, the vines, it's pretty remarkable.
  It does have like an imagineered feeling to it.
  It's like touched by an Imagineer.
  If you wanna see a bad version of that,  go to where like the New York Mets play,  where it's cavernous and it looks old-timey, but it's not.
  It's just-  And then the worst version of that  is where the White Sox play,  where they couldn't even get that down.
  There was no field.
  So, I mean, everything is about execution, intention.
  What's the intention?  And then how's the execution of the good intention.
  You're open to a Cubs amusement park  sitting next to- I'm open to everything.
  I'm open to nine more Avengers movies.
  Please make them good.
  Please make me care about the character.
  I love comic books.
  I collect comic books.
  I do not like most superhero movies.
  Again, I'm anti-Disney suddenly,  but I do because I don't care.
  And these are characters I grew up with.
  I don't care.
  It's like, that's why I love Deadpool,  cause I cared about the characters.
  I cared about him, his girlfriend, the whole thing.
  I bought into it.
  Same with Batman, the Christian Bale one.
  I bought into that universe  and I cared about the characters.
  It's all about caring about what goes on  and the emotionality of it.
  And most of these, I'll just even say the Marvel movies,  I don't care.
  I watched Ms.
 Marvel, I mean, Captain Marvel,  who was based on the-  We have the Marvelous James Marvel.
  The very storied history of Carol Danvers.
  Danvers, exactly.
  I'm just saying the whole thing of it,  like who didn't spot the bad guy  from the first time he walks on the screen?  And what do I care?  I actually watched it going, defeat them you scrawls.
  By the way, I saw the first episode,  or first 15 minutes of the episode of Pennyworth,  is that his name?  Yeah, the Alfred show.
  Oh, sexy Alfred, yeah.
  Yeah, he's sexy, right?  Sexy Alfred.
  It's so bad.
  Oh no.
  It's so bad because people don't understand.
  When you see a movie, any movie,  and it's an outer space movie,  and it starts with lots of explosions and fighting,  but you don't care about who's fighting,  the filmmaker has no idea what they're doing.
  The people who are producing have no idea.
  You have to care about characters.
  If you're not emotionally in, what's the purpose?  Yeah.
  Well, I think that works on rides.
  It's rides as well.
  If you care about the characters,  if you care about what's happening,  there's rides we've been in that suck.
  By the way, thank you, tie it again.
  I'm trying to tie it back.
  Why is Luigi singing?  What is he singing about?  Why is he rollicking?  Getting back to rides, it's also, is the ride fun?  Do I care?  Do I wanna do it again?  I mean, sometimes you go on rides,  not often in the world of Disney,  but you go, I've gone on rides where after I was done,  I was like, what was that?  Can you think of one?  Yeah, you gotta tell us what you're.
  I don't know, name one.
  What don't you do?  Disney.
  Have you done Falcon yet?  You haven't done Star Wars.
  Oh, I have not done the new Star Wars park, no.
  Okay, sure, sure.
  I will.
  The Millennium Falcon is a little like,  I mean, you know you're on the Millennium Falcon,  but the plot of the ride is a little.
  But I was on the actual Millennium Falcon.
  Oh, no kidding.
  So my experience is a little bit different.
  That might be better.
  It's a little more specialized.
  It's not exactly repeatable for the American public.
  No, it's not.
  You're saying.
  By the way, you know what's interesting  about the Millennium Falcon and being on it?  It really is, the only thing that it can't do is fly.
  When you're on it, you're on the ship.
  And it's the full thing.
  There's no aspect of it where you go,  oh, there's the plastic thing or whatever.
  You feel like you're on the Millennium Falcon.
  They have built the Millennium Falcon, okay?  It's fascinating.
  Geez.
  Is there anywhere to use the bathroom?  Do they got a bathroom on there?  No, there's no bathroom on the Millennium Falcon.
  So there's one where you can't fly and you can't go to the.
  There's little cups with your name on it.
  It's really how they know.
  That's better than just a PA going like,  Jeff's on the move, we got eyes on Jeff.
  We got eyes on Jeff.
  He'll be right back.
  By the way, one of my favorite things to do when I work,  this is one of my own personal things,  whoever's got eyes on me and I run away from and hide.
  And they're like, I've lost Jeff and I'm already on set.
  And like, don't tell him that and keep looking for me.
  Yet I just said I wasn't mean-spirited.
  I guess that is mean, but it's fun.
  I don't know, that's playful.
  Yeah, playful.
  You know we talk about Clooney doing those pranks.
  You get to do some pranks too.
  Yes, yes I do.
  Yeah, what is it?  Was that Disney movie that Clooney did that I didn't like?  I wish I had.
 Tomorrowland.
  Yeah, it's rough.
  It is rough.
  I wanted.
 That's cynical.
  That's very cynical.
  By the way, that premise, I wanted to jump into that.
  And be part of it.
  It was such a great idea.
  All the buildup stuff, all that like,  promotional stuff was really fun.
  How cool is that?  And then, wow.
  They caught Walt Disney out of it.
  He was gonna be in it.
  I mean, obviously not the man.
  He wasn't alive to shoot it,  but they were gonna put archival footage.
  That's the secret that I'm gonna  podcast the ride listeners.
  Oh, right now?  As Walt Disney is still alive.
  Oh my God.
  Wait a minute, so when you saw the model  of future California mention,  then did they take you to another room  where he was cryogenically frozen?  Nope, I know where he's hiding.
  He made love to you.
  He made love to me, stop, I know where he's hiding.
  Where? He's actually Lincoln.
  Lincoln.
  He's Lincoln.
  He became that which he loved the most.
  Yeah, he does.
  He has a beard on him.
  You can't tell at all.
  The only lapse is when he bends at the knees.
  I love Disney so much.
  The only thing that's hard for me at Disney  is I can't have ice cream.
  He's still not doing sugar?  Still not doing sugar.
  Wow, congrats.
  Can I say something?  Truly, Disneyland is so much,  as great as Disneyland is,  you throw in some ice cream,  oh my God, it's heaven.
  Yeah.
  Ice cream and Disney, a mixture,  forget about it.
  You don't gotta tell Jason twice.
  Proof of God.
  We talk about ice cream maybe every episode with Jason.
  By the way, I've not had sugar almost two years.
  The only thing that I can tell you that I miss,  like literally miss, is ice cream.
  Like, cookies are great, cupcakes, all that stuff,  but let me tell you something.
  Ice cream is like an experience no other.
  It's so special.
  Yeah.
  Do you know?  Oh, I would love,  all right, here's me taking over Disney.
  Sure.
  I'd have Ice Cream Village and Ice Cream the Ride.
  And everything.
  Yes.
  Do what Ice Cream the Ride would be.
  I'd have a bunch of chairs  and give people ice cream and tell them to close their eyes.
  Do I think of anything?  It's up to you.
  Just use your imagination.
  It all comes true with ice cream.
  Actually, yeah.
  Wow.
  Do you know that there is a pin available  that is your WALL-E character eating  and staring at a big old cup of ice cream?  The Captain?  Yeah.
  That's a pin?  Where do you get that?  It's a pin.
  Is that an official Disney pin?  Yeah, and it's available,  I had to learn all this weird code.
  It's available at like, what is it?  DSF.
  What's DSF?  Disney Soda Fountain.
  It's exclusively at the Ghirardelli Soda Fountain  next to the El Capitan.
  You can get it now.
  Yeah, I think, or you could at one time.
  Now they're going on eBay.
  Kind of reasonable, but it's like,  yeah, look at it, big old cup,  a lot of whipped cream.
  Somebody I know is gonna order those.
  Whenever Mike goes to Disney, what do I have you do?  Buy the whole shelf of Buttercup dolls.
  Buttercup the Unicorn.
  Oh, I would say, yeah.
  I've got a garage full of, I really do.
  I probably have like 25 Buttercup dolls.
  Whenever people have kids, I give it to them.
  But at a certain point, like I run out of people with kids.
  I'm 57 years old until I have grandchildren.
  I'm just gonna fill it up my grandchildren's room.
  Papa, why are there so many of these?  Because I get a dollar for every one, and I am Lincoln.
  You have to force Mike to have a child in order to,  you're gonna force him at gunpoint.
  And then with a granddaughter,  you know what she's gonna be.
  Proper young lady.
  A proper young lady.
  Will she be in any magazines or anything?  Granddaughter magazine.
  By the way, your listeners who only knew  that I annoyed them with this.
  Did you ever tell them what happened  with granddaughter in the magazine?  And it ultimately is said.
  I told them, but I didn't tell the listeners.
  It was heard by some people at Mad Magazine,  your podcast, The Ride episode.
  And they asked me about granddaughter magazine,  and I was asked to, and I offered Mike to write it with me.
  They were gonna give me, one, two, three, four page,  wait, one, two, yeah, four pages in the book  for like a parody magazine of granddaughter magazine.
  And we were gonna have Bob Saget be the centerfold.
  I got Bob to agree to pose for granddaughter magazine.
  And the whole thing, but what happened?  Mad Magazine went out of business.
  No more.
  I broke that news to my father last night  who was crestfallen.
  I cannot believe there's no more Mad.
  Yeah, I know.
  It's really unfortunate, but it's kind of a no-win situation  because Mad Magazine becomes irrelevant  the second that South Park comes on the air.
  South Park does way more damage,  makes fun of more in a better way than Mad Magazine.
  Mad Magazine served its purpose probably into the 80s.
  And then after that, or late 70s with National Lampoon  taking it to a harder place.
  But for its time, Mad Magazine was comedy  and the most important thing.
  Sure.
 Really, yeah.
  But yeah, it's like,  Mad couldn't get like crazier or harder.
  It just wouldn't have been.
  There was nothing you could do.
  Really, it wasn't.
  There was nothing, it was a no-win situation.
  I actually even towards the end offered myself  to be the editor.
  I was trying to be the editor.
  I'm happy to be the editor  and I'll help make it at least funny.
  How far did you get?  What happened?  Someone suggested and someone said no.
  I don't know what happened because actually  this is during the time that the magazine fell apart.
  That's why I was offering my help.
  Oh, I see.
  Okay, yeah.
  And they've also had multiple owners  and I think that's, is it AT&T now,  Owens Warner Brothers?  Yeah, so it's AT&T now.
  So Warner Brothers thing.
  Were you ever in there?  Was there ever like a, did they do Curb?  Yes, Curb.
  They did a Curb.
  And there was other things.
  But I actually have a frame somewhere in my garage,  a framed picture of the Art Fort  signed by the writer and the artist.
  Wow, that's fantastic.
  That's great.
  It was truly one of the most wonderful  from a not even an ego standpoint,  but from a, my childhood,  tying into my childhood.
  Oh yeah.
  You know, like, oh my God, I'm in Mad Magazine.
  Yeah.
  It seemed like at a certain point,  it mostly existed for people to go like,  this is meaningful for me to be in here.
  Right, well by the way, you say that.
  It existed for a few dozen people.
  I have the last like seven, eight issues, whatever it is.
  I just was supporting.
  Yeah.
  They tried some interesting stuff in the last year or two.
  I only did it because I wanted to help support it.
  Like I went to that comic book store today  and I bought comic books  because I want them to stay in business.
  Sure.
  I bought some expensive back issues.
  Yeah.
  I go to a pro wrestling show.
  I buy the t-shirt from one of the wrestlers  to give him a little more money in his pocket.
  So it comes back.
  I love that.
  I just did it.
  I just bought a shirt.
  You love.
  By the way, do you ever listen to Matt's podcast  about wrestling?  I have not.
  What's it called?  We'll give him a plug.
  Grandma.
  Oh, okay.
  Actually to tell you the truth,  I do not know the name of the thing  because I don't listen.
  By the way, I don't listen to your podcast.
  That's fine.
  Yeah.
  No one needs to do that.
  I have no interest whatsoever  except as you as individuals.
  Sure.
  Well, thank you.
  I appreciate it.
  I have no connection with the product.
  We talked about if you had wings.
  Yes.
  And therefore, once we were done with that,  my interest in your show went down.
  If someone said to me,  there's a podcast they're talking about if you had wings.
  I'd go, yeah, that's me.
  It's the one time I was on podcast.
  It was if you had wings in granddaughter magazine.
  It's kind of a split episode.
  I understand why your show is great.
  I understand why people would listen to it.
  And you guys are hysterical and you're great guys.
  So I get the whole thing.
  Sometimes you're like, well, what is this?  What?  I get this.
  Thank you.
  And podcast The Ride is a great title too.
  Okay, thanks.
  That was Scott.
  Scott came up with the title.
  I'm doing a new podcast called Genevieve.
  That's a great title too.
  That's a great title too.
  That's a great title.
  It's just all little snippets that confuse people.
  Yeah.
  The thing is, I'm like, you know.
  I am bringing a new podcast back, I swear to God.
  Do you want the name of it?  No.
  Jeff Garland's Lemonade Stand.
  And I'm going to record once a week  and set up somewhere in town.
  I'll be sponsored by some lemonade  that doesn't contain corn syrup.
  And I'm being totally serious.
  We're working out a deal now.
  And it's not gonna be, like you guys could stop by.
  I don't want it to be celebrity driven,  which I don't mean to insult you.
  Yeah, accurate.
  No, no, but I'm saying,  it's like I'll get plenty of big name people  who will come hang out with me.
  But I want it to just be a really fun,  interesting hour to an hour and a half.
  It's not automatically interesting  because a celebrity is around.
  I feel like it's the base of celebrity equals interesting.
  You know what the sad thing is?  Some celebrities think that.
  Yes.
  Anyway, one of the great things to see,  and it happens quite often,  and I used to watch talk shows.
  I don't watch them anymore,  but you watch a talk show,  you watch an actor come out  who thinks that their stories are interesting  and they don't really have to work at it.
  And it's awesome.
  It's awesome.
  It's just like anyone who believes the hype  and you can see through it, awesome, awesome.
  Anyone who's got a Twitter account  and is putting their personal opinions  like you care for this celebrity, idiot, awesome.
  But no, celebrities who are impressed  with their celebrity, delightful.
  I find it more enjoying than aggravating.
  I agree.
  Watching people just at the height of hubris.
  Oh, the height of hubris.
  And by the way, I used to love Humblebrag.
  The Harris.
 Harris.
  Yeah, Harris Whittles.
  Humblebrag, it was so,  especially people he would nail over and over  who didn't understand the premise.
  Awesome.
  Yeah, I think people also don't even,  I think people still incorrectly use the term Humblebrag.
  Oh, they most certainly do.
  They don't even get-  But by the way, I come from a world  where the words hip and cool meant you were above it all.
  That you were like truly, you knew stuff, man.
  They came from an era of like Miles Davis  and Louis Armstrong, jazz musicians  and just people that were ridiculously cool.
  Now, what do you, you know what I mean?  By the way, hipster is like a negative connotation.
  Hipster used to be you were cooler than everybody else.
  Now hipster is you're in Silver Lake, enjoy your beard.
  Right, yeah.
  And a copy of a copy of what somebody-  Might be really-  Was something that was organically cool.
  Yeah, no, it's just, it's, so yes,  the Humblebrag people use it wrong constantly.
  Because sometimes you wanna point out  something you've accomplished and it's not,  you're not being humble and you're, you know what I mean?  You're not even bragging.
  You're just like, I went here, nice Humblebrag.
  No, I wasn't hiding it.
  It wasn't subtle, I came out and said, look at me.
  It's like when you were to say, you're like,  well, not to brag or well, not to criticize  and then do exactly that.
  That's the new version.
  If I say it, then that's excusing it, right?  No, you're going to have anything calling out.
  You're calling out, yes.
  Yes, yes.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Well, that's why we don't get in all that hip cool stuff.
  No.
  We don't worry about that.
  By the way, as we sit in this room,  isn't it fun how it's gotten darker?  It's very, yeah, yeah.
  The listeners should know, yes,  we've gone from day to night,  so now we're sitting in here totally dark.
  We're not sitting in the dark though,  but it is, it is just-  It's starting to feel-  It was completely light and then now,  I'd say, would you describe the room as gray?  Yeah, but I'm seeing you-  De-saturated, certainly.
  By the way, Dracula would be comfortable in here.
  I'm seeing you in silhouette.
  Dracula would be comfortable in parts of the room.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I think he'd still might get in trouble  right over here.
  He would be like, his skin would be a little irritated.
  But over here, he'd be very comfortable.
  Yeah.
  You're in like a perfect silhouette, honestly,  which is cool, like a really nice shot,  like a really nice shot in a movie.
  It feels like when you hear about like,  oh, Steven Soderbergh shot a whole movie  with only available light on an iPhone.
  Yeah.
  That's what-  We only are shooting in the contrast.
  By the way, if you wanna see a great version of that,  watch the Kubrick movie that takes place in the 1700s.
  Barry Lyndon.
  Barry Lyndon.
  He shot with the fastest lenses,  like really fast lenses, with only candlelight.
  Remarkable.
  Yeah.
  You haven't seen that movie.
  I've seen most of his movies.
  It's an excellent movie, by the way.
  I would believe it.
  Did you see the big Kubrick exhibit  that was at LACMA a few years ago?  No.
  I kept on saying, I'm gonna go next week.
  I'm gonna go next week.
  I know, yeah.
  And then it was gone.
  I do that all the time.
  But I have all the Tash and Kubrick books.
  Yes.
  I have all, I have Blu-rays of,  I even have Blu-rays and I've bought all the 4K movies  that have come out on iTunes.
  I tend to waste my money, but I have Kubrick.
  Well, sure.
  Well, Kubrick's hard, because they haven't gotten the,  some of those, they haven't gotten the aspect ratios on.
  You know what I did, and I haven't looked at them ever?  I took a camera, a really good digital camera,  to the 70 millimeter showing at Arclight  when they just the last time released the new version.
  And I took stills during the movie  where I framed just the picture screen.
  And on the back of my phone, I mean, I found my camera,  it looked really cool.
  And then a lady came in and like kicked me out.
  Really?  I got kicked out of the Arclight  because I was taking pictures.
  You're always getting into-  Two questions.
  Are you Jeff Garland and what are you doing?  She would not know who anyone is.
  Wow.
  By the way, most people don't know who I am.
  So I'm gonna say that as not a humble brand.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  By the way, Jeff used it the wrong way.
  But anyhow, no, she would not know anyone  of any entertainment accomplishment.
  She was security in the Arclight.
  There is no humor at any point coming from her body.
  Could you even like negotiate,  or was it just you're done?  I made love with her.
  I did the best I could.
  And she called me- Can you go back?  And she called me Dre, the boy,  and she told me her name was Proper Young Lady.
  Can you go back to the Arclight?  Are you allowed back to the Arclight?  By the way, I also, I had my movie premiere there,  Handsome, the Netflix movie premiere.
  Starring.
  Yeah, you were there.
  The Mike Carlson vehicle.
  I was not at the premiere.
  Did I invite you?  I don't believe so.
  No, I invited you, shut up, I nodded.
  This was not a thing I meant to bring up,  but I don't believe I was invited.
  There's no way you weren't invited.
  I will look through my email again,  but I remember seeing a picture of it and going,  oh, but I wasn't like offended either,  cause I was like, I don't even know-  That's weird.
  Well, that was just an oversight on my part.
  I went to, you invited me to various screenings.
  I went to a screening pre before.
  There was like multiple screenings I did go to.
  Maybe I didn't invite a lot of people  that were in it to the actual,  maybe it had nothing to do with who they invited.
  I don't remember.
  It's okay, I'm not upset.
  The point being is, yeah, you saw it numerous times before.
  Yes.
  Gave me notes.
  But that night at the theater,  I left my camera, expensive camera under my seat.
  And I came back like an hour later  cause I realized I'd left it, gone.
  And the theater and everyone said, no, it's cleaning crew.
  Like everyone blamed everybody else and just gone.
  So you like lost money essentially at your own-  Yeah, by the way-  Well, but yeah, the memories are more-  Because it wasn't like, oh, but it's screened for many days  and I made millions.
  It all worked out.
  It all works out.
  I'm not, you know, but that was actually to tell you  the truth in the new way of doing things  which is not shooting film anymore.
  Although I do still shoot film.
  Oh, I'm gonna tell you a great Disney story.
  I'll get back to Disneyland in a second.
  Sure.
  But I would have paid $500 just for the card  out of the camera, the SD card.
  That was the value.
  Right.
  About the expensive camera.
  I cared because I took some pictures on there that night.
  Yeah, big night for you.
  There was some pictures on there that I really,  that to this day I'm sad that I've lost.
  So you're-  Some creep has, some pervert is doing God knows what.
  So anyhow, I remember I brought with me  one of my Leica film cameras to Disney and I used up,  I brought two rolls and I wanted to buy,  there was nowhere in Disney that sold film.
  No.
  I threw a fit to myself.
  There was no one, who am I gonna yell at?  And my wife goes, you gotta calm down.
  I was so upset because I felt like,  it made me feel like a Luddite.
  Do you know what I mean?  Even though, you know what I mean?  It made me feel antiquated.
  Even though it's like, come on man, really?  There's not one like main street shop.
  And by the way, there are signs that say film,  buy your film here and all that.
  Now it's sort of like, oh, how sweet.
  And I went in there, where's the film?  We don't have it.
  Do you sell SD cards?  No.
  See that was like my bonus question.
  The SD cards one is weird.
  Cause I've seen like parks have,  have them sometimes.
  They don't have a lot of them but-  But does Disney sell SD cards anywhere?  I don't know.
  They have, somewhere they have to,  but maybe they don't, I don't know.
  But by the way, you'd think one place would have,  yeah, they have the rolls.
  By the way, leftover from the sixties.
  But no, the point being is, I was so upset.
  That's the last time I,  and one of the only times I ever was upset.
  No, the last time before that was I got in a fight  with my brother in Frontierland in the bathroom.
  What?  Yeah, this was like two years ago.
  No, no, when we were little and I remember it was,  my brother was, I love my brother,  but my brother, he was at fault, no doubt about it.
  And I wouldn't, I would say if I was,  he truly was at fault.
  And I remember this lady pointing at me,  it's the big one.
  And I, who did it?  And I remember my parents being upset with me  and I'm like, no.
  She caught the last part.
  You know, it was not, you know,  but that, those are my two Disney upset moments.
  That was it.
  Not with Mike.
  By the way, no kidding around,  I actually have been to the park with the Goldbergs.
  We didn't do one, I didn't go this past year,  but every year we do an annual trip to the park.
  And I will be like at the end of Pirates of the Caribbean,  all the people waiting, I go, yes, it's me, Jeff Garland.
  Just assuming they all know who I am.
  But I also don't go on roller coasters or things like that.
  Like as wild as I get is Pirates of the Caribbean.
  So when everyone goes on Space Mountain,  I'll sit outside and the minute one person recognizes me,  especially at Disney with the Goldberg stuff,  I'm bombarded and I'm happy.
  I'm not happy because I want it to happen,  but I'm nice to everyone.
  I don't lose my temper.
  I don't, someone save me.
  I'm like, I'm honored that anyone would come up  and wanna, you know what I mean?  Of course.
  I don't get upset by that.
  When you feel like you're like Pluto or something,  you're like a character in the park that day.
  There is that aspect.
  My head is like a giant cartoon.
  You're your own mascot of yourself.
  Yeah, yes, yes.
  You got the beard since you were last on.
  It looks good on you.
  I know, I'm shaving it on Thursday.
  You gotta shave it for the day.
  Oh, okay.
  So it does a spoiler for the Disneyland episode.
  You will not have a beard in the episode.
  I will not have a beard, but I have a full beard right now.
  And by the way, this is my, I'm 57 years old.
  First beard of my life.
  Really?  Never had a beard.
  You just shot a Netflix special, right?  Yes, and I'm bearded in the Netflix special.
  And you're bearded in that.
  Bearded in the special.
  Yep, that comes out probably in January.
  Okay.
  Let me see, I'm supposed to get a call back  from Netflix tonight.
  Let me see if they called me.
  About the, and as you pull up your phone,  this is the only light in the room now.
  This is one of the strangest settings.
  Never have we done a podcast in the dark.
  That's true, yeah.
  Which is kinda interesting.
  Which is a surprise.
  If we have a Halloween episode, we should.
  No, nobody called me back.
  Point being is though, I'm discussing  to see when is the best time to air it.
  But as of right now, it's January.
  I read a little write up from someone who was there  that said it was your 37th anniversary  of comedy performance? Ironically,  I didn't do it on purpose.
  I only realized like the day before,  it was my 37th anniversary of doing standup  that particular night that I filmed.
  Which kinda blew my mind.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  And also, I feel really proud and happy  that for this special, I've done a couple before,  and I've seen many.
  Mine were good.
  No, I'm being said, mine were good.
  And you aspire to like make a great special.
  And I did the first, I did two shows that night  after the first show.
  I'm like, great, I got it.
  But the second show, I think I actually captured  lightning in a bottle.
  I think that I captured digitally or however,  what makes me funny.
  And if you're gonna think I'm funny,  and you're gonna dig me, which a lot of people won't.
  But if you're going to, this would be something you'd go,  oh my God, I love that.
  I'm like so proud of it.
  And I hope that people, by the way,  it's like having made what you believe  is a great record album.
  And like, is anyone gonna buy it?  Like, I have no idea when they show it on Netflix.
  Is anyone gonna watch it?  I'm so proud of it.
  And they don't give you a number, you don't know that.
  So, just wait on feedback.
  But by the way, you'll know.
  You find out, you know, so we'll see.
  People will see it.
  We'll tell everyone to watch it.
  Yes, well, by the way, that's what you want.
  Yeah.
  You want you three to come on Jeff Garlin's Lemonade stand.
  Oh, we're there.
  Yeah, we're there.
  Sure.
  By the way, you can act any way you want.
  You can be rude, you can knock things over.
  You can spill lemonade.
  I don't care.
  Certainly we can't spill it on what you're recording  the podcast on.
  Well, you actually could.
  But then you'd really be hurting yourself  because you wouldn't be heard as a guest on my podcast.
  Oh, you're right, that's self-sabotage.
  That sounds great.
  It sounds even better than the time I went to the Arclight  and walked out with a brand new camera.
  Oh, Jason.
  Unrelated, unrelated.
  What did it look like?  I'm used to breaking a dark room.
  It looked expensive, that's all I know.
  And I say like, not because I'm into expensive cameras,  but I'm into the history of photography.
  And Henri Cartier-Bresson,  who's like the greatest photographer of all time,  he used, I like range finders.
  And it's not like Canon or Nikon makes a cheap range finder.
  The only people that make range finders are Leica.
  So it's like a throwback in time.
  Right.
  It's a minimalistic camera.
  There's a minimal amount of controls and it's manual.
  And I love that.
  Very aesthetically pleasing design too.
  But by the way, going back to Disneyland,  that's what I love about Disneyland  is aesthetically it's pleasing.
  The simplicity and the thought  that went into designing that place.
  That's why I don't really love  whatever they call the Cars Land or California Adventure,  whatever it's called across the way.
  California Adventure.
 I don't love it.
  So let me ask you a quick question.
  Yeah, go ahead.
  What is the Star Wars thing a success?  Well, it depends who you talk to  because some people it's not that full.
  Well, Tomorrowland was initially something wonderful.
  And when I was a kid, I loved Tomorrowland,  but it turned into a wasteland.
  It was not great at a certain point.
  It was probably the embarrassment  for anyone who worked at Disney was like,  yeah, Tomorrowland.
  So they put in the Star Wars thing and I was hopeful for it.
  We all liked it a lot.
  It looks great.
  If you like Star Wars, you're really gonna like it.
  Is there anything that looks like Tomorrowland?  Well, no, it didn't replace Tomorrowland.
  It didn't?  No, that was a rumor for a while.
  That is not true.
  So is Tomorrowland still Tomorrowland?  It's still a wasteland.
  It is a wasteland though.
  It's really-  The wasteland's still there.
  It's so bad.
  I'm glad you agree on that one.
  It's a bummer.
  I feel bad because, you know, wow, man.
  The word was is if that Tomorrowland movie had worked,  it was gonna get a big redo.
  Well, that probably would have happened,  but I think it should get a redo anyhow.
  Regardless, I agree.
  We all were pining for it.
  Who's in charge of the park now?  I know John Lasseter was for a while, but who is now?  A man named Bob Chapek.
  Does he love the park?  No.
  Wait, what?  What do you, are you an ant?  That was so confident.
  Well, here's, you know, maybe I'm being too hard  on Mr.
 Chapek, but now they've combined the park  into a department of like, what is it called?  Consumer products and parks.
  Consumer products and experiences.
  I think he cares about it to some degree.
  I think his job is also not, it's not an enviable job  because you get a lot of flack from nerds.
  But-  Like right now.
  I was incredibly confident that he does not care  about the parks.
  God is now defending Bob Chapek to me.
  I just don't know where this is coming from.
  Well, I think it's coming from the fact that I do think-  I don't know the man's history.
  He's just been in like, he's like, he's a, you know,  he's a numbers man in the company.
  Does he go to like, like did he ever watch Million Dollar Duck?  Did he ever see-  I don't, does he like the Apple,  does he like the Apple dumpling game?  I bet he does not like the Apple dumpling game.
  It's clear to my heart.
  Does he like the original Dumbo or even 101 Dalmatians  or Jungle Book?  It's unclear.
  Does he like Pixar movies?  I mean, to me-  No.
  I think, I saw an interview with him and again,  it's not an enviable position,  but they were asking him about like,  cause all the rides now are always just based on a movie  and there's no original ones anymore.
  And he gave like a very like businessman answer of like,  you know, anybody else would be doing this  if they had the movies we have.
  And it's like, where's the, where's a little bit of like,  we love the Haunted Mansion.
  We love to make another one and we will soon,  but like, he gave a very kind of cold answer.
  And I was like, ah, come on and acknowledge  what we all like.
  I want to nominate someone to run the place.
  Sure.
  A young lady I know named Chantilly Cock Richards.
  And I think she would do a great job.
  Just based on her name.
  Yeah.
  If you heard her name,  would you have good faith that things could work out?  I think she sounds whimsical.
  So I think that she has a whimsy for a park.
  You may have to censor that middle name,  the middle part of it.
  By the way, I want to stay on the air  till it truly is black.
  All right.
  It's where we're heading.
  It's getting there.
  Yeah.
  I think it's only the lights at the scene.
  It's the lights of the sea.
  That are lighting us at this point.
  It's the lights of Universal.
  And without the podcast recorder, we got nothing.
  Here, if I pull out my phone light,  I have to tie back to something  we were talking about earlier.
  I was just in Japan and I got to see.
  Well, this is a connection here.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I saw while I was there a big old wall  of apparently new Buttercup memorabilia.
  Like a lot of it.
  There was a ton of it.
 Really?  Here, there's like a, there's headbands.
  There were a lot of girls wearing these things.
  Like it was spread already.
  They don't have these in America.
  And it says new items down there.
  And then there's like a hood that's also a big towel  that kind of drapes down both sides of you.
  Like a Pope uniform, like a clergy kind of uniform.
  And they're just to look like Buttercup?  Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Uh-huh.
  It's a pretty big implement you would wear.
  And I thought, while I was in the store,  I thought, should I tell Mike, who could then tell Jeff?  And then I realized then it was distinctly possible  you might say, get 25 of everything.
  By the way, can I tell you something?  And then I keep calling creates.
  Distinctly possible?  Have you ever heard a done deal?  That's what it would be.
  Cause I would get so excited.
  Now I love that.
  By the way, it never, the fact that I'm  the voice of the captain in Wally,  the fact that I'm Buttercup the unicorn makes me,  I can't tell you how the pride I have and the joy I have  and what it means to me.
  I love the work that I love doing  is either for families or for adults.
  Like I love doing adult work like Curb.
  And I love doing stuff that,  like the Goldbergs is the number one show on television  that families watch together.
  That's nice.
  It is really nice.
  Yeah.
  So I love being involved in that world,  but it doesn't get any better  than being the captain in Wally.
  That is just like, that's,  but people ask me, what's my most proud accomplishment?  That is my more than Curb, the captain in Wally.
  Cause that's, no kidding, that's number one.
  Yeah, that's like being in Sleeping Beauty or something.
  Like I'm not even joking.
  I'm saying like a classic animated film.
  Sleeping Beauty is the fact that 70 millimeter  and you can see it that way is great.
  But I think that's an insult to Wally  to compare it to Sleeping Beauty.
  It's more sophisticated.
  Wally's more sophisticated, of course.
  No, no, but I think that Wally falls  into a modern day version of let's say  Snow White or one of the classic, classic Disney things.
  But by the way, I'm not saying better for anyone listening  because you know, people, I love Snow White.
  I love all those original, I love all the Disney movies.
  I love-  Why not Sleeping Beauty then?  I was gonna say Sleeping Beauty,  some people say is the best one.
  Sleeping Beauty is so beautiful.
  Yeah.
  So great.
  Well, I'm sorry.
  That was just my impulse.
  Sleeping Beauty is like everyone's favorite.
  Now that I've thought about it,  maybe Sleeping Beauty is better.
  Again, aesthetically pleasing.
  And maybe I wanna be the witch.
  But I guess like Wally-  Maleficent?  No, the point is, how did it turn  into something ego and comparative?  No, you were making a compliment.
  I know, it was that humble brag in the air, I guess.
  But the point is I am so proud of Wally  and Toy Story 3 and even though I haven't seen  Toy Story 4, I assume.
  Yeah, I mean-  It's part of that world.
  My voice is part of the world.
  But Wally more than anything.
  You saved humanity in this film.
  Wally, the fact that it's pretty much a silent movie  and my voice is 80% of the people talking  in that movie is me.
  That's kind of exciting.
  Yeah, very exciting.
  Although I do think the best part is the silent part.
  You still would agree you like it better without you.
  I know, I think the silent part,  the first 45 minutes or so is silent.
  And I think that is astonishingly beautiful  and the way that it was done.
  Andrew Stanton, it was remarkable.
  So I don't even think the part,  like how do I turn this thing into negative all the time?  What?  I don't know.
  Not all of it.
  It's because it's dark out.
  The stuff you were saying about yourself,  you say you're like the heart of it too.
  You're the hero of the film in a way.
  Yeah, I do.
  You save humankind.
  By the way, when I saw, here's, I'll tell you something.
  When I saw, I worked three years on it.
  And when I worked on it, I never looked.
  I never looked at anything I saw.
  They gave me a presentation when it first started  and I thought, oh, that character looks like me.
  Kind of looks like Jackie Gleason.
  Okay.
  I did the voice for three years.
  Even when I looped and they wanted me to loop something,  I didn't look at the screen.
  I never looked.
  I just.
  Even when you were like matching the.
  By the way, yes, when I loop any job,  I never look at the screen.
  I listen to it and I go, what do you want?  And I match it to what they want  based on what I'm hearing and what they want.
  I don't even look to match it.
  And I'm in there quicker than any actor who's looking.
  Okay.
 That's a secret.
  Is it too, is it like distracting in a way to be like.
  Yeah, yeah.
  For me it's distracting.
  But also I didn't want to see anything.
  I didn't want to.
  So the first time I saw anything  was at a premiere for Pixar.
  They have their own premiere  before they have the world premiere.
  It was in Oakland in this beautiful theater.
  And I wept because I couldn't believe  I was part of anything so beautiful.
  I was in awe.
  It overwhelmed me.
  I'll never forget that feeling.
  So.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's a really, it's like one of the ones  I've been the most emotional at.
  If not the one I've been the most emotional at.
  Yeah.
 Well, you know, everyone always brings up  also the opening of Up and I would agree with that.
  By the way, to me, the opening of Up  is the most perfect filmmaking I've ever seen.
  To tell a story like that,  a long big story in about what, 10 minutes?  Yeah, a life in 10 minutes.
  A life in 10 minutes is, I don't even know.
  I still don't know how they do that.
  I think a class, a film class,  could study that for a whole semester.
  Yeah, sure.
 And still maybe not even  understand how they pulled that off.
  To be able to distill it all down.
  Yeah, Pixar's done some magical stuff.
  I tend to think now those days are over though.
  And I know the Pixar people  wouldn't be happy with me saying that  because I know some there are passionate,  but they now, they never used to  and now it's all about what celebrities are in the movie.
  And there's a lot of sequels.
  The sequels, yeah, the sequels,  but here's the thing, if you're making great sequels,  that's why I said everything's about the execution  and the intent.
  But I think now the marketing and the way they go about it  is like every other animated company.
  I don't think that it's unique anymore.
  Hopefully as they're, like, you know what,  that movie made me just go crazy.
  What was the one in the brain?  Inside Out.
 Inside Out was the best movie.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Oh my God, that movie was so special and so original.
  And nobody listed the people who were the voice.
  All these movies now, the Toy Story 4,  everyone, who's this, who's that, they tell you.
  And it's like a big deal.
  And that is just ridiculous.
  Yeah.
  Well, hopefully-  As you go back to Sleeping Beauty,  who the hell's in Sleeping Beauty?  I don't know one voice in- I have no idea.
  Clark Gable, Sheena Easton, Molly Raywald.
  Oh wow.
  Molly Raywald.
 Molly Raywald.
  And Anson Williams.
  And one of the Olsen twins I forgot.
  That's the original cast.
  Rerun from what's happening.
  No, but the point is that I don't think  any little kid gives a crap.
  They don't.
  No.
  You have room for like one celebrity in your brain.
  By the way, to me, the only thing you have to announce  is that it's Pixar.
  Yeah.
  You know what, by the way, I love, there's people at Pixar,  people, actually the people that are in charge.
  I can't wait.
 I haven't seen them in a while.
  Maybe I'll even go up and visit Pixar.
  I usually like when I do something, I screen something.
  Maybe I'll screen like the first episode of Curb  or something.
  I go up there, every one of my movies I've screened for them.
  And it's been so joyous and fun.
  But I want to go up and ask them  why the different approach to marketing their movies.
  That's a good question.
  It is a good question.
 I'm curious.
  I wonder, could you ask them also,  cause they promised us that on that Toy Story Minway Mania,  they promised more like new levels and it hasn't happened.
  And it's been years now.
  By the way, I will ask that,  but I think that's not a Pixar decision.
  Yeah, probably not.
  You're probably right.
  What's the dude's name?  Bob Chapek.
  Bob Chapek.
  I think he's the one specifically in charge.
  He says, he says, I'll delegate to every ride  except the fucking Toy Story ride.
  He has it out for you.
  It's an anti-garland thing.
  Yeah, he doesn't like the amount of points  that he gets when he's shooting at me.
  I wonder how long it would take to get his phone number.
  Could we do it tonight and text him just directly?  I could probably get his phone number the next day or two.
  Okay.
 Well, maybe next time you're on.
  He'd be expecting a call from me  cause that's what I would go down.
  It'd be like, Jeff Garland needs to talk to you.
  But what if it was Jason Sheridan  needs to talk to you, Bob?  That would not work.
  Hi, Bob.
  I'll be Bob.
 Let's do a little improv.
  I imagine the show's over right now, right?  Oh yeah, sure.
  Yeah, whenever we want it to be.
  I got like cotton mouth, so I want to quit.
  Yeah, that's fine.
  But let's do a little improv.
  We'll do a little improv for this one.
  What's my name again?  Bob Shapek.
  I'm Bob Shapek and you're calling me.
  Go.
  Hi, Bob.
  It's Jason Sheridan of Podcast the Ride.
  So good to hear from you.
  Thank you for your time today.
  How you doing?  Hold on one second here.
  Who are you?  I work with Jeff Garland.
  I'm Jason Sheridan from Podcast the Ride.
  Who's Jeff Garland?  You know him.
  He's in a bunch of stuff.
  He's in the Goldbergs.
  You guys make the Goldbergs.
  Look out your window.
  Oh, TV show the Goldbergs?  Yeah.
  Okay.
  How can I help you today?  Jason, you said?  You know, I was just wondering like what is your, yeah.
  Okay, Jason, what is your question?  Yeah, what is your overall like perspective of the parks?  Do you have a theory behind how to treat the theme parks?  You know, we're very curious  because we are seeing a lot of licensed stuff  and you famously on record as saying like,  well, we own Marvel, we own Star Wars.
  Why aren't we getting it in the parks?  And that's fair and that's simple  and people recognize that stuff.
  Ask him if he likes Million Dollar Duck.
  I bet he doesn't.
  But like, what's your feeling on like,  say original ideas or even older stuff  like Million Dollar Duck?  Well, I'm gonna get going, Jason.
  Thank you for calling.
  And do me a favor.
  Would you let my assistant know who you are  when she gets back on  so I can understand what this conversation was about?  Again, that's Jeff Garland.
  That name is Jeff Garland.
  Wait, no, you're Jason.
  I'm sorry.
  No, I, Jason set the call up.
  I'm Jeff Garland.
  You're Jeff Garland from the Goldbergs?  From the Goldbergs.
  All right.
  And why are you calling me?  I'm asking your theory, your broader theory  on how to treat theme parks in the early 21st century.
  No, I'm a comedic actor and director  and I dabble in photography.
  You dabble?  Yeah.
  Jason, just hang up Jason.
  Hang up Jason.
  Jason, I'm gonna tell you one thing.
  And I want this to really get out there.
  Sure.
  I treated you fairly like a proper.
  I'm done doing my character.
  All right.
  Jeff Garland.
  I think he seemed pretty nice, I gotta say.
  I think I like this shape.
  Jeff Garland, you have survived podcast the ride yet again.
  Yes, and I'm happy to do it again in the future.
  Yeah, we'll do it again.
  But how do we make sure it's in an even darker room  next time? Well, by the way,  let's schedule it for when it was originally scheduled,  which is for eight.
  Oh yeah.
  It would have been much darker.
  Let's just do it in a closet.
  Let's all jam into a closet together  where we can control the darkness.
  But yeah, just like in South Park.
  Yeah, do you wanna plug anything?  You wanna exit through our gift shop, plug anything?  Man, I don't need to plug anything.
  Okay.
  It's all good.
  Just check me out if you do.
  Okay, everyone knows.
  And hopefully you'll bump into me when you see a movie,  when you watch TV or anything,  you'll say, oh, that's that guy.
  Yeah, so do that folks.
  Actually, what I really want is,  look, my job is to ease people's pain.
  You have a crappy day.
  Hopefully you watch Curb, the Goldbergs, Wally,  whatever it is that I can make anyone's day better.
  That's what I do.
  Thank you.
  I'm lucky enough to earn a living that way.
  And you have made our days better as well.
  That's completely true.
  That's exactly how I feel.
  That's great.
  Yeah, I was being sincere too.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I know you, Mike, you're a very sincere guy.
  Thank you, I try.
  All right.
  And by the way, no one goes along with my stupidity  better than you.
  Really?  Yeah, and you know, by the way,  big meeting coming up on our show.
  Really?  Yeah.
  We'll leave that as a tease for the listener.
  Oh my God, yeah, as he was almost there.
  All right.
  Good talking to everyone.
  Okay, so long.
  Forever.
  Forever.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog production,  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bowen, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey,  engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram,  at Forever Dog Team, and liking our page on Facebook.
