 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast explores  an abandoned theme park in the Ozarks,  teeming with trout, Kickapoo Joy Juice,  and wires that might decapitate you.
  Hult and Catch Fire creator Christopher Cantwell  takes us to a theme park so great,  they tried to sell it on eBay twice.
  It's Dog Patch USA on Podcast The Rock.
  The Rock.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride,  a show about theme parks that somehow went 109 episodes  before talking about a ride called  Earthquake Magoon's Brain Rattler.
  I'm Scott Gardiner joined by Mike Carlson.
  Shocking, this is Mike, yeah.
  When you said that, I think that's one of your first pitches  for doing this episode was have you ever heard  of Earthquake Magoon's Brain Rattler?  It jumps off the page.
  And I was like, my god.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We should really just be doing it  about that ride specifically,  but we're gonna do a whole new thing.
  Which is still, you can go on it in the world,  it's still in Wisconsin, but we'll get to that later.
  Jason Sheridan is here.
  Yeah, this is a real quarker.
  This is like, this.
  It's a brain rattler.
  This thing is a brain rattler.
  This is like Hard Rock Park level,  but I had a limited time to prepare for it.
  I was just like reading stuff,  like I'm not gonna be ready.
  It was every effort to not just let it consume my life.
  It had to stop at some point and we had to do the episode.
  And the topic comes to us courtesy of a guest  who I'm so excited is here.
  He's the co-creator of AMC's Halt and Catch Fire.
  He's a comic book writer behind the upcoming editions  of The Mask and Dr.
 Doom,  and the director of the feature film  The Parts You Lose with Aaron Paul,  Christopher Cantwell is here.
  Hey guys.
 What's happening?  Hi Craig.
 Hey.
  Thank you so much for coming out.
  Thank you for having me.
  Yes, and thank you for supplying this topic.
  Dark Patch?  Yeah, well, because we talked a while back  about you talking about what Six Flags Over Texas,  which is what you.
 Yeah, and that was the theme park  I grew up going to, because I grew up in Dallas.
  Sure, sure.
 So I went to Six Flags Over Texas a lot.
  Uh-huh, uh-huh, and that's where we were heading, I think.
  Yeah, I mean, because I spent a lot of time there.
  I was actually just back in Texas last week  and was driving by in Arlington and was seeing.
  Sure, sure.
 Like the rides I used to go on  are dwarfed by giant rollercoasters.
  Like the, I was afraid of the one rollercoaster.
  Like I used to be afraid of rollercoasters  when I was a kid, and then got over it at Six Flags,  but there was one that was so big that I,  like I don't care what I go on now,  but I'll go on the rides at the LA County Fair,  like no matter what they are,  but like that rollercoaster from a distance was like, holy.
  Even just looking at it.
  Yeah, it was insane.
 Which one is that, do you recall?  I don't know which one it is, it's because I'm not,  I'm not up on.
  You don't know the name, the newsletter?  You don't know the manufacturers?  Yeah, yeah, it's probably, if I had to guess,  it's the new Texas Giant.
  Uh-huh, uh-huh.
 I bet you  it's the new Texas Giant, because the old one  used to be the tallest rollercoaster in the world,  but there's no way, and I think they tore that down,  and now it's whatever that is.
  So whatever's going on there now, it just makes it like.
  It's just like giant, yeah.
  Everything's lame that you were so afraid to conquer.
  Yeah, like you can see Judge Roy Scream,  which is the original rollercoaster there.
  Ooh.
 Wow.
  You can still see that from the highway,  but it just looks like a stack of matches.
  Sorry, Judge Roy Scream?  Yes, so that's the rollercoaster.
  I think that's my favorite rollercoaster.
  Well, because that's the one where I still remember it  clicking and being like,  I'm not afraid of rollercoasters anymore,  because I was like, well, wait a minute, this is fine.
  Sure.
 But it's a wooden rollercoaster,  very basic, named after the hanging judge, Judge Roy Bean,  famous for a lot of executions in the Old West.
  Oh, okay.
  Oh, that's an old, that's not a,  that's an 1800s Texas figure.
  It's like a real person, I guess.
  Yeah, I guess it's a Texas person, probably.
  Has he been turned into a character  in the way Jack the Ripper has been turned,  like you know what I mean?  Like he was a horrible man,  but now we sort of have robbed him in fiction.
  I'm sure, like he was known as the hanging judge.
  Yeah.
  Which is like, cool, man.
  But I mean, back in the 80s, of course,  everyone in Texas was like, this is awesome.
  I'm sure they still are like that in Texas.
  They might, yes, there's certain pockets of it.
  But this is Judge Roy Scream.
  Totally unrelated.
  So it's worse?  It would be like, I mean, I guess he was a judge,  so it was a legal killing,  but it would be like having a son of Sam ride or something,  like a guy who murdered people.
  Who's the most corrupt law enforcement official  we can name this right after?  Yeah, it would be like.
  Arpaio.
  Arpaio, that's, thank you.
  Oh yeah.
  Judge Arpaio.
  Judge Arpaio.
  Jesus Christ, yeah, wow.
  It's like a gravitron, but it's  spilling his face on it.
 Sheriff Joe's Fright Fest  is a lot scarier.
  Okay, sure.
  There is a thing coming up where the theme park  does dovetail with a real life political figure  who is very, super problematic.
  We'll come up to that later.
  There's a little teaser.
  But that's what, so we were,  I think we could have gotten a great episode  out of Six Flags over Texas, but then you said,  well there's also this other thing  that I might wanna talk about.
  I'll talk about you and say,  oh right, what's that?  And I'm like on, I'm sort of metering,  like well I don't wanna go too obscure.
  I mean what's the deal with that?  Yeah, you were like, we'll mostly talk about Six Flags.
  That's what I thought.
  Okay.
  And then you described a little more.
  I just got reacquainted to the fact  that it is a hillbilly theme park  devoted to the comic strip Lil Abner.
  And I just, I think I said maybe only that to you guys,  and maybe Earthquake Magoon's Brain Rattler,  and you were both like whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
  Yeah.
  Hold your horses.
  I specifically remember sending the first two paragraphs  of the Wikipedia page and going,  uh, what?  It's crazy.
  Yeah.
  And I think, I think we also both,  what I thought right away is Lil Abner, okay.
  So that's an old comic strip thing.
  It's got Lil in it.
  That sounds like the kind of thing  that Jason would really enjoy.
  That'd be way in Jason's wheelhouse,  because Jason likes old timey things.
  Jason likes good old comics.
  I love Nancy.
  Nancy and Slogo.
  There's a lot of Lil characters in the history of comics.
  Lil Lada, Lil Dot, Lil Audrey.
  There's a lot of Lil characters.
  A little Lord Fauntleroy.
  Also maybe not a.
  Lil Nemo.
  Lil Rascals.
  But it's not abbreviated.
  Yeah, it's not abbreviated.
  Yeah, it's not Lil.
  Lil is the domain of the rapper,  but at a certain time it was like kids up to no good.
  It was either a very fancy boy or a very poor boy.
  That was the comic strip with the Lil in front.
  It was like the scrappy no shoes kid in the Depression era.
  Yeah, making it work.
  Just Lil, Lil, whoever.
  In an ironic twist,  rappers, some of the most famous people in America,  just as Lil Abner was in his time.
  Yeah, that was a big deal, right?  Yeah, when Lil Abner and his betrothed Daisy Mae  got married finally,  they appeared on the cover of Life Magazine.
  Wow, what?  Yes.
  It was like the Luke and Laura of their day.
  Would any fictional wedding get that today?  I don't think there's enough cultural force to anything.
  I feel like you get the real wedding,  but you wouldn't get the like.
  Yeah, yeah, we're not celebrating.
  I mean, you know, because you're a comic book guy,  they did Batman and Catwoman, but then she.
  Yes.
  Spoiler alert.
  That did not work out.
  It was a big deal.
  It was a big deal.
  It was a big deal, but they're still like, you know.
  Once or twice a year, there's like a big comics event  that gets, the ending gets leaked to the press  the day before it comes out,  so they can write articles about it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That was one of those.
  They've put like, I feel like when Lois and Clark.
  She left him at the altar, we'll just say it.
  Yeah.
  Sorry.
  The one guy in his car going.
  Fuck!  Can I get the gift back?  He probably just did it to Colossus too.
  Is that right?  Oh really?  Well, all the heroes were there,  which is the most humiliating part.
  Good.
  Getting cuckolded in front of all your strongest friends.
  Sorry, bud.
  It didn't have the dignity of the shotgun wedding  that Lil Abner was under.
  But Lil Abner, what I was saying with all that was like,  so he's, oh, so it's like one of those, yeah,  it's like a little rascal.
  It's like, must be some little kid that runs around  and Jason could relate to it.
  Not really.
  He's a giant man, right?  He's a big strapping.
  It's an ironic name.
  Yes.
  He's big.
  He's a dumb dude, right?  Lives in the Holler, lives in Dogpatch.
  Right, lives in Dogpatch.
  With his family.
  Dogpatch existed as the town within this strip  and it was famous enough from that to devote a theme park to.
  Were you aware, would you have been aware of Lil Abner  without going to this place?  No, so I had no idea until I was an adult  what the theme of the theme park was.
  Because I think I stopped going to the theme park  when I was six.
  The only reason I would go out there  is we would drive from Texas to Arkansas  where my grandfather had retired.
  And so my grandmother and my grandfather  were out in Arkansas, so on the way,  we would stop and do like a whole several hours  at Dogpatch USA.
  So I just knew it as Dogpatch.
  I was just like, oh, Dogpatch.
  And it's possible by that point.
  Because we're talking that's somewhere in 80s, I guess.
  Yeah, so this would have been through the early 80s  stopping at around 88, I guess.
  Because at some point in time,  they decreased the Lil Abner theme.
  So it may have not even really been present  by the time we were there.
  1991 was when they were like,  we are spending too much money on the lights.
  Yeah, they let the rights go.
  They let the rights go.
  Oh, money's gone out the door.
  But I looked it up doing one of those nostalgia Googles.
  And I was like, dogpatch.
  This was years ago.
  And I was like, oh wow.
  Not only was it Lil Abner theme,  but it's been abandoned for 20 something years.
  It hasn't been regularly well maintained  since the mid 90s,  which isn't to say they haven't,  they've tried, they've certainly tried.
  There's pieces of it, there's pockets of it, right?  Yeah, and I think it splinters off.
  Like just the hotel has new ownership  or just the caves have been taken back  by somebody who wants to own just the caves.
  Everything else has been taken back by the wilderness.
  Yeah, because when I Googled it,  it was completely abandoned.
  And it was like all the Urban X photos of it.
  And so they were terrifying.
  Yeah, yeah, which we sort of make fun of those folks  who go into like, just semi-abandoned,  how unsafe is it really,  but act like they're spelunking in very dangerous places.
  This place I could see there being some pretty crazy animals.
  You guys read the full Wikipedia article.
  Yes, yes.
  So it was very dangerous.
  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  Something happened.
  I don't even know if I wanna say it.
  Do we do it in the order of the.
.
.
  It's your podcast, guys.
  Should we start with some,  should we start going all the way back?  Should we talk about Al Cap?  I would love to talk about Al Cap.
  Let's talk about Al Cap.
  I only know him from this park and Andy Cap's hot fries.
  Is that him?  It's not him.
  Oh, shit.
  That's another guy.
  Hot fries.
  I saw that too.
  You can still buy those certain places.
  Yes, you can, yeah.
  Well, who's Andy Cap?  Andy Cap is a drunk, comic strip character.
  That also confuses it.
  You think La Labner is something else.
  Andy Cap and Al Cap are so similar.
  Right, and Andy Cap still is the mascot for hot fries,  which I believe is his only appearance in any media  is on a candy box.
  No, it's not candy.
  It's hot fries.
  It's snack chips.
  Oh, it's like chips.
  It's like chips.
  They're hot fries.
  Oh, right.
  And they are incredibly cheap.
  They're like shitty Cheetos.
  Yes.
  They're very cheap.
  Instantly, you're sick.
  Are they like Takis?  They're kind of like Takis, kind of like potato sticks.
  Basically, they just put the potato through the thing  to make fries and then fried them  and then covered them in that powder  and suck out any resemblance of water.
  Like they are so dry.
  They're so super dry.
  Like they could eat them on the space shuttle.
  Yes.
  And it'd be no danger.
  Survived for 100 years, really.
  Got it, got it.
  So, okay.
  Well, I mean, so Lil Abner is Al Cap's creation  of a little hillbilly town.
  It sounds a little charming from the outside,  but I've also seen it referred to as like Hick Face.
  It's like the black face of Southern poor.
  Making fun of hillbilly.
  Like the holler.
  Yes.
  Of the holler.
  Which he is from, you know, he's from the South,  but it comes from his point of view of resenting and.
  And is that,  I'm gonna sound completely insensitive asking this,  but is that its sensitivity among like the deep South?  Or like, cause it's Arkansas,  but that also feels like it would be like Appalachia.
  Appalachia?  Yeah.
  And this is Ozarks.
  Ozark mountains.
  Yeah, which has kind of a classification of more.
  But I feel like the Appalachian,  there's like a sensitivity there,  but I don't, they don't seem to care about dog patch.
  Well, the thing like.
  Just like Arkansas cares about dog patch.
  Which I understand.
  Sure, yeah.
  I mean, it seems to me like they,  then they embraced it by like devoting a whole area to this.
  They're like, they weren't bothered.
  It was like a moneymaker, I guess.
  Yeah, yeah, I suppose.
  And was for.
  I have a true story about Arkansas.
  This was, I had not been to Arkansas  since my grandparents lived there.
  Okay.
  And I was driving a friend across the US.
  He was gonna go to a business school at UNC in Chapel Hill.
  And we stopped for lunch in Arkansas.
  And we were just talking at the table  and it was like a small diner place.
  And the waitress came up to me and said,  are you all from England?  Because we sounded so different from everybody else  in there just talking normally.
  Like she literally thought we were from Great Britain.
  Geez, geez.
  It was amazing.
  And you left out the part of the story  where she had to like re-say it 10 times  because you didn't understand what she was saying.
  It was an intense accent.
  Y'all from England?  Y'all from England?  It was pretty wild.
  Well, in the comic strips,  in the little Abner comic strips,  it is an accent that doesn't,  it doesn't seem of this earth to me.
  It does seem like a Connecticut guy  trying to verbalize it  so the average person would read it phonetically.
  Oh yeah, lots of bizarre spellings  which puts it in that like racially offensive zone  where like, yeah, like exaggerating it so much  to where it sounds so stupid and weird  in like another language.
  It's uncomfortable, certainly.
  It's a weird time  because also at this time,  like when Dogpatch was doing well,  Green Acres, Petticoat Junction,  and the Beverly Hillbillies were all on TV  and then they were all like canceled at once almost.
  In the Wikipedia article,  this was called the Great, the Southern Purge  or something like that.
  The rural purge.
  The rural purge of like culture.
  Similar to the 30 Rock.
  We're not doing this anymore.
  Yeah, yeah, it all happened at one,  they even attribute like Lassie going away  to being part of this too.
  That's so weird.
  I had no idea about that.
  Yeah.
  Again, the liberal progressive in me is like,  I'm so sorry I didn't know about that.
  I had no idea.
  I had no sensitivity to how much the rural purge.
  God, I was enjoying this theme park when I was a child.
  My parents, you know.
  I assumed there was no rural purge.
  How was I to know?  I love the character, but you know.
  Then the other piece of context to me that was shocking  was just how famous Al Cap was.
  Was like one of the most famous people in the country.
  Had a regular spot on The Tonight Show  through Jack Parr, Steve Allen, and Johnny Carson.
  That's amazing.
  The first thing, the thing,  I'm sure we all have our own favorite Al Cap moments.
  Oh yes, do tell.
  My favorite one is of course,  him confronting John and Yoko at their sit-in.
  Yeah.
  Whoa, wait a minute, what?  Yep.
  So Al Cap, despite being kind of a gadfly,  in Later in Life made the turn that Scott Adams  is currently doing into conservative maniac.
  Or who is the other one you said?  PJ O'Rourke.
  PJ O'Rourke I think started to lose it towards the end too.
  The common syndrome.
  But he confronted them in there.
  Was this the one where they were in their bedroom?  In Montreal, yeah.
  They loved it?  Basically, they were protesting Vietnam and war  and everything.
  But it was really just come hang out and talk to us.
  Yeah, so the press came and they talked to them.
  But people thought it was like, this is an orgy.
  But it, like, more conservative folks, but it wasn't.
  It was just them sitting around.
  Right, and Al Cap, it's weird  because there's a 10 minute video of it.
  It's well preserved.
  And he has the photo of them naked.
  And he's like, you say you're shy, huh?  You two are shy?  And he holds up the photo of them naked.
  And he's like, oh, shy people taking photos like this.
  And they're like, yeah, we're shy.
  And honestly, the dialogue is-  Contrary to popular belief,  like, little Abner was not small.
  Right.
  We have duality in this world.
  It's like he thought he was gonna come there  and really prove him wrong.
  And then it's not particularly interesting.
  None of them have anything interesting.
  He traveled to Montreal to do this?  Presumably, yeah.
  At their invite.
  Like, showed, oh.
  They asked him to come because by this point-  Oh, he was like very vocal?  Yeah, yeah.
  Little Abner was, I guess, he was like,  Auntie McCarthy when that was happening,  but then took the turn into becoming a notable hippie hater.
  He was showing up at schools to yell at protests  and peaceful events.
  So John himself thought,  well, maybe he can kind of represent.
  Well, let's have Al Cap some up.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Let's talk to Al.
  Yeah, it's so bizarre and fascinating and uninteresting.
  All at once.
  Yeah, because I feel like they don't,  they probably just don't care.
  They just let him wind himself out.
  Yeah, John let him stay.
  He doesn't wanna look stupid.
  They kind of start yelling and then, like, Al.
  Is there yelling?  Oh, I'm one of their kids.
  Yeah, there's yelling that happens.
  I mean, not like crazy yelling,  but kind of just loud voice yelling,  but he's like trying to,  Al Cap is just mad that students are protesting.
  This is the thing you keep finding is like,  this is the thing that turned him to conservatism  is that he didn't like these spoiled college kids  protesting things they didn't know about.
  And that's really all he's in there to say.
  And then he's-  These Kent staters shut up.
  Everything's fine.
  And then he's mad about-  Go to class.
  He's mad about the lyrics in the Ballad of John and Yoko,  where John says the way things are going,  they're gonna crucify me.
  He's like, are they gonna crucify?  What are they gonna do?  They're gonna crucify you, you say?  And then John's just being kind of obtuse as well  and being like, I meant all of us.
  I meant we're all going to be.
  And he's like, what do you mean?  Not me, you don't speak for me.
  And then they're just like talking at each other  for two minutes and nothing gets done.
  I don't know.
  It's bizarre.
  It's truly bizarre.
  When did he die, Al Cap?  70?  Yeah.
  No, so he retired from the comic trip in 77.
  He died and he died.
  I was thinking he was 70 when he died.
  77, yeah.
  So he didn't see John Lennon killed.
  No, he didn't get a statement on that.
  Didn't get to celebrate it.
  I don't know why I wanna hold him to account  and be like, look.
  Look what you did.
  It happened, sir.
  Look what you did now.
  He was an early guy complaining about safe spaces  on college campuses.
  He was like a New York Times editorial style crank  complaining about these college students.
  He doesn't seem like he has any sort of  deep held conservative beliefs.
  It felt like he just, like his brain,  it felt like he saw a glimpse of Fox News from the future.
  It broke his brain and he's just like,  these college kids.
  God damn it.
  What are they doing?  They don't know what they're talking about.
  Isn't that what a lot of it boils down to ultimately?  But you wouldn't have any ideas.
  You're young.
  I'm old so I have all the ideas.
  What do you know about?  Yeah, it's the-  I've lived long enough.
  Look at purely at age.
  70, you know more than at 29.
  My age is a bigger number.
  My age is bigger.
  You don't understand.
  I have unlimited money.
  I'm authority figure.
  I can leverage my celebrity.
  So much of the political problems,  whether it's probably like racially or just from age,  are just, I don't want to be replaced.
  Yeah.
  People have this terrifying feeling of being replaced.
  I love how we're just going down this road too,  but I have a pet theory,  which is that conservatism is,  they're both rooted in a fear of death.
  So conservatism is a fear of being replaced.
  Fear of change will lead to death.
  And then there's also, if we don't change,  we will be eradicated by that change  because change is happening whether we want to or not.
  That makes sense.
  So we would be destroyed by not changing.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  I hear that.
  Wow, that's an eloquent way to put it.
  Yeah, you're welcome guys.
  And that's what I think.
  I'm gonna take a little link.
  And that helps.
  Change is the only constant, as my meditation tells me.
  As my meditation tells me.
  Change is the only constant.
  So yeah, Al Cap presages a lot of nasty stuff.
  I should say as a result of that encounter,  Paul McCartney ended up calling Al Cap a wicked old git.
  That's amazing.
  Get him Paul, get him Paul, drag him Paul.
  Like he didn't do a lot of dragging necessarily.
  There's some.
  He would drag John in a song or two.
  Sure.
  But then he would just show up  at his apartment at the Dakotas.
  Yeah, they get in the shit the next week.
  Watch SNL.
  I read that John asked him not to come by unannounced anymore  when they had their baby.
  He was like, hey man, you can't just stop by.
  And then Paul got really pissed.
  Like fuck you, you know what I mean?  Okay, but then a few months later it was fine.
  He just had to call ahead.
  Oh.
  Yeah.
  But his weirdy concerns were probably smart.
  Yeah.
  Isn't that weird?  He's just like walking.
  I mean, I guess in New York, I guess you're just like.
  Yeah.
  On the street.
  We could go down that road.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's a dark one.
  That's a dark one.
  Yeah boy.
  So there's multiple books about Al Cap.
  One of which is called.
  Good.
  The one which is called The Enigma of Al Cap.
  Which is a good.
  Okay.
  It is a good title because he was pro gay rights  and pro civil rights.
  But he also had over half a dozen cases  of indecent exposure and sexual harassment.
  What?  Yes.
  To the likes of Goldie Hawn.
  What?  And Grace Kelly.
  Again, one of the most, yeah.
  This is a theme park I went to when I was five.
  It was a theme park you went to when you were five.
  And now I'm like Al Cap showed himself to Goldie.
  Which is like what?  Mm-hmm.
  So.
  Look what it leads to.
  The innocent things in your childhood.
  These things are now encroaching on the,  like the last little bit of memory I have of this nice time.
  We brought you here to ruin your memories.
  Even this sucks.
  You going on Earthquake Magoon's Brain Rattler  was problematic.
  Yeah.
  To block, to unpack.
  Your blood's on your hands as much as anybody.
  Yeah.
  And then Richard Nixon shows up.
  No, no, no.
  Richard Nixon and Spiro Agnew tried to convince him  to Al Cap to run for Senator in Massachusetts  against Ted Kennedy.
  Wow.
  And then to post, Seymour Hersh,  New Yorker journalist Seymour Hersh reported  that there are tapes of Nixon talking about Al Cap  in the Oval Office and one of the sexual harassment cases.
  Like it's gonna be bad if we're associated with him.
  Cause he was friendly with the White House.
  Oh my God.
  Yeah.
  Oh geez, the time when that was true.
  Yeah.
  You had to disavow sexual harassment.
  You had to disavow.
  We can't touch that guy.
  There was also an event where he was goes and goes  and horrible fact number 89 about Al Cap.
  Did you know this about Al Cap?  It's gonna be like the, what was it,  the poetry almanac on NPR where there's just two minutes  of this every evening on NPR.
  We're gonna have to make this a regular feature.
  In the next kind of piano.
  A new Al Cap fact.
  Did you know?  Did you know?  That at least four college students accused him  of harassment and there was pretty like incontrovertible  proof of this and so he was backed into a corner  and unlike a lot of people he was punished for what he did.
  He had to pay a fine of $500.
  Jesus.
  Justice was brought.
  This was when he was already famous.
  Yeah.
  This was like a year before the Lenin.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  He was like don't protest but come over here.
  Right and then you're like that's super.
  Maybe if you relaxed a little more.
  You wouldn't have all that angry energy.
  He's sexually harassing college students  but it's like don't go outside and hold a sign  because you don't know anything about Vietnam.
  It also feels like today.
  Like the weird double like.
  Yeah it's like I hate this cartoon  but I hit my kids until they bleed.
  Right.
  It's like oh and that's good.
  It's like okay.
  And then you go to a priest  because you're concerned about this  and he's like I think I'd agree that that's good.
  Yeah exactly.
  The church is.
  Good on you for hitting him.
  Yeah.
  This needs to be learned.
  He was interviewed or something  and somebody asked him about the harassment of colleges  and he goes you know those college dames or something.
  Oh my God.
  Jesus.
  He wasn't even really.
  So the college dames and the protesters.
  He was infuriated by the colleges  but then he went to all the colleges to speak.
  Well he it's like the people now.
  The like.
  Milo's.
  Yeah Milo.
  Exactly.
  This is again it's exactly like now.
  It's all coming back around.
  I'll take their money.
  Those idiots.
  Yeah.
  I'll grab them inappropriately.
  He was just going.
  But I hate them.
  To be a pain in the ass.
  Just go and be a pain in the ass  and then in his comic strips he would do things like  parody Senator Ted Kennedy with the character  Senator O'Noble McJester.
  Wow.
  O'Noble McJester.
  Maybe this is a good.
  That's funny.
  I mean that's funny right there.
  This is a good point to say that this comic strip  seems to be incomprehensible.
  Incomprehensible and modern standard.
  Nobody's reading this for fun today.
  Was this a daily or like a weekly?  Like a Sunday?  Seven days a week.
  Seven days a week.
  Black and white and color Sunday.
  With the big one on Sunday.
  Yeah.
  Also by the end was checked out.
  Had a lot of assistance including  the painter Frank Franzetta.
  The guy.
  Oh my God.
  Yes.
  That's crazy.
  He became famous for painting book covers  of like Conan and Tarzan.
  It's incredible.
  And kind of fantasy art.
  Yes set the standard for what we think of  like the visual language of fantasy.
  Like Schwarzenegger was able to step into that  kind of painting style.
  Oh that like set the vision of this is what  the film needs to be.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Like the tooth necklace.
  You know what I mean?  Came out of his.
  I mean all that stuff.
  Invention.
  Yeah.
  And like very male oriented where like it's the,  like the Star Wars poster.
  Where Luke has the lights.
  It's very reminiscent of that kind of pose.
  Which doesn't feel like the movie exactly.
  No.
  It's kind of a different slant.
  This is also fantasy.
  You're kind of fantasy.
  Al Cap type fantasy.
  I just saw a Star Wars poster where like the,  whatever Luke and Leia were unrecognizable.
  Like there's these big like King Scandinavians.
  Like who are these characters?  I've never seen these characters.
  There's a lot of that art.
  And even like Ralph McCrory art originally.
  Like it's like makes it look like a much.
  Sexy or sleeker.
  Like cool.
  I have this is, I mean I'll admit this.
  I have in my office I have the statue of his  like original Stormtrooper where it had a shield  and a lightsaber.
  Every Stormtrooper was gonna like,  that was a conception that every Stormtrooper  would have a lightsaber.
  And it does look like very sophisticated  like Robert Heinlein type.
  Yeah that book is all the art.
  That's C3PO.
  That's an original picture of.
  Oh this Metropolis C3PO we've always.
  Yeah that's McCrory.
  Oh gotcha.
  Huh huh.
  So anyway it was born in Holler really all of this stuff.
  Yeah sorry I was back to the.
  Also all right just quick rundown of things.
  He was hit by a trolley at age nine and lost his leg.
  So if he's bitter.
  Yeah yeah.
  All of this like sexually harassing people  with the one leg.
  One legged sexual harasser conservative  who confronted John Lennon.
  We need to rewrite his like main bio on his Wikipedia.
  So basically Dogpatch is the least interesting fact  about him.
  Yes kind of.
  It's like way down on the list.
  Well no.
  Dogpatch is very interesting.
  But his relationship to Dogpatch is like  that's a blip in his vivid life.
  So much so that it did not even make it into his obituary.
  When he died it wasn't even mentioned.
  That's how much Dogpatch was not even  that it had fallen in cultural relevance.
  Right.
  That he was yeah.
  That you would think you would mention like  you know he has a theme park.
  Like that'll probably be in Dolly Parton's obituary.
  That she has a theme park.
  But she's been there more than once.
  Which I'm not sure Outkapp did.
  If Outkapp was like at the opening of all the rides  and stuff.
  Yeah we have to see if he went.
  Did he go?  He went to the ground breaking and then the grand opening.
  I don't know how many times after that.
  And his son was like a PR guy  for at least a little while early on.
  And he there's this.
  Can you get my boy a job?  That's what that sounds like.
  Yeah it does.
  Can you get him a job at the place?  Loser something to do.
  Yeah just throw him at the park.
  You'll figure it out.
  Call Dogpatch.
  No look I'm up.
  I'm a little bastard.
  There's footage of him.
  I found a piece in that documentary.
  I think it's called Life and Time's a Dogpatch.
  You can watch him.
  Okay so shot zooms out of a woman chasing a man  out of a bar or something.
  Like screaming at him.
  Which who knows what that was.
  Did they get into a tussle?  What was it?  But like just screaming hillbillies.
  Come tearing out of a bar.
  And then he reveals Outkapp who says  oh boy looks like another typical terrifying day in Dogpatch.
  Even worse than it is in my comic.
  Wow.
  The pleasant world of Dogpatch.
  Do you want the harrowing version of Dogpatch?  Where it's like we're gonna do an update of Dogpatch  but it's gonna be dark.
  No it's gonna be like dark okay.
  Like the CW's dog perch.
  Watch this.
  Honestly Dogpatch on CW.
  Did you have this?  We're gonna make it scary.
  Yeah it's viable enough.
  Okay well we could list Outkapp things all day.
  But I think it's also good to say he.
  Well okay so he invented the phrases hogwash.
  Whoa.
  And double whammy.
  What?  He thought of these.
  These were like little turns of phrase in his thing.
  Which those are low.
  That speaks to his interesting writing  that he coined these terms.
  And he also invented the idea of Sadie Hawkins day.
  When girls.
  This podcast is gonna be me being surprised.
  Every time you guys talk I'm like are you kidding me?  Like I'm the guy in the car.
  Like I might as well just be listening and going whoa.
  Sadie Hawkins.
  And then I tell it to my wife later like  he invented Sadie Hawkins.
  What?  Sadie Hawkins was a character.
  Was a character in the comic strip.
  What?  And you know now Sadie Hawkins,  my wife's a high school teacher.
  Very problematic.
  Oh yeah.
  Very problematic.
  Yes right right.
  Because it was that Sadie Hawkins dances  when the girl asks the boy  which is not how it's usually done.
  The boy usually asks the girl.
  Yes.
  And they don't call him that anymore.
  And I think they like getting away  from the kind of gendered practice.
  Yeah.
  We had it was called Turnabout in my high school.
  Ours was called Snowball.
  Oh interesting.
  Cause it was invented in December for some reason.
  We didn't have it.
  It was like a Christmas dance.
  We just didn't do that.
  They were like no dances.
  It was the only one that I went to  because I wasn't brave enough to ask girls.
  I did get asked.
  But then you were immediately asked.
  Yeah.
  It's gotta be great validation.
  I was asked but it was like a weird,  she was trying to get somebody else off of her tail.
  Oh.
  She was like actually trying to chase another guy away.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  Yeah.
  And then I bought,  I didn't know how this stuff worked  cause I didn't go to,  this is the only dance I went to in high school.
  So I bought her the hugest just wrist consuming corsage.
  It has a wrist corsage  cause you won't go near her body.
  No that's extremely,  I did the same thing.
  I was like wrists, wrists all the way.
  Felt safe too.
  Yeah sure sure.
  But then it was like hideous.
  I think I gave her the option.
  Like you don't have to wear it.
  And she was like okay.
  You just put it in the seat.
  Yeah it just sat at the tables.
  Back there.
  And we barely hung out during the night.
  Oh she'd just take off?  Yeah yeah yeah.
  No we barely, she was with her friends  and I was with mine and it was all,  I was a political pawn.
  I hate vice versa day.
  Abolish it.
  Wrist corsages are prom only.
  For the others,  flowers from the gas station will suffice.
  Well now I know.
  For the next high school dance I go to.
  For underclassmen formals that was my go to.
  Cause that was, I was 14, 15.
  That was the money I had for.
  Gas station flowers?  Yeah the gas station has flowers.
  Like what shelf can you walk into  and be like I think there's flowers over there.
  I mean in dog patch maybe.
  No what dog patch?  Can I have some of those?  Backwards dog patch situation.
  Where you in?  I got flowers for a formal at a gas station.
  US oil and florist.
  It was just a little basket.
  We got fresh roses.
  And hot fries.
  Gas station flowers.
  Hot fries.
  We got hot fries.
  Flower hot fries combo special.
  We got hot fries, we got carnations.
  Hot fries, tasty cakes.
  What do you want?  We got coffee but it's like four days old.
  We got unfiltereds.
  Weird did the.
  And a weird drink.
  The sitcom off the street.
  Wait, wait, wait.
  Coke flavored slurpee.
  So like they were big full like roses?  Yeah it was just like a $10 thing of roses.
  Where would the girl put them  while the dance was happening?  Yeah you put it on the bleachers.
  Yeah that's fine.
  You just leave it at your dinner table right?  Did you have the dinner at the prom?  No it was just a.
  No it was just the dance.
  Oh you just go right to the dance?  It was just the gym.
  I think I always just drop them in the ground  and park them out of the way in.
  Yeah it was.
  That's what I think it is.
  I probably was like oh I think this is  what you're supposed to do  because I've seen it on television.
  Like it wasn't even.
  I feel like my mom just took over in that instance.
  I don't think I was actually,  she was just like I'm going to Jewel  and getting you the thing.
  I feel like that happened.
  Yeah exactly it was the grocery store.
  Yeah.
  You go get it out of the.
  Yes.
  But you were entrusted to go and find flowers.
  I think I just called the shop.
  I was like oh let's just stop.
  I'll get some flowers.
  You were calling the shops.
  I think yeah I was usually calling shops.
  Mom stop here.
  And you weren't driving.
  Because the gas station flowers make sense  if you're like on the way I'll gas up.
  I'll grab the flowers.
  I'm going to go buy them.
  But you're like in the back seat.
  I didn't get.
  And you're like mom no no.
  Mom I gotta go buy my old lady some flowers.
  Can we stop at the Texaco?  At the straight flowers.
  You know I.
  They're wilted from the unlit, like the fumes.
  Yeah.
  Those are beautiful.
  Where'd you get these?  They got a good 15 minutes in them  when they get delivered and then shrivel.
  I don't know that that many people were bringing.
  This is for like freshman, sophomore form.
  I don't know that that many people.
  I think like me thinking ahead was above and beyond.
  I don't know that that many people even brought flowers.
  Because it was such just a rinky dink.
  We just dressed a little nicer.
  You didn't have to do it.
  I didn't have to do it.
  But I was like I guess this is what you do.
  So you were like you should be applauded  for the gas station flowers.
  Yeah.
  Were you wearing a shirt and tie for the dances?  And a coat.
  Yeah whatever suit I owned at the time.
  That's a lot nicer than what you were wearing at high school.
  But it was still just in the gym.
  No we know that.
  I'm just saying you just said like we didn't wear that.
  Like we didn't get that fancily dressed.
  Oh it was nicer than what I wore.
  Yeah I was wondering if you all started some polo shirts.
  Whatever department store.
  Well look we gotta go back to 30 more alt cap facts real quick.
  Also.
  If you got gas station flowers.
  My mind is already blown.
  About alt cap.
  Jason's trying to steal the focus from alt cap  with things from his life.
  Just to run through it really fast.
  Sadie Hawkins day was a problem at the time  because in the real story in the comic  Sadie was quote the homeliest gal in all the hills.
  That's why they changed the name.
  Okay okay sure.
  Okay so that's known.
  The people don't want to attribute this.
  I remember that's vaguely it's like the name doesn't.
  It kind of connotes like a wall flower.
  If you look at Sadie Hawkins from the comic  she's basically a female Alfred E Newman.
  Oh my god.
  She is very grotesque and her father  is basically like bribing men to ask her out  because he's worried that she's going to suffer  the worst humiliation a woman could ever experience.
  Being an old maid because she is 35.
  35.
  This happens in It's a Wonderful Life too.
  That was the bad thing that happens to Mary.
  Is that Donna Reed is that George never existed.
  So Mary becomes an old maid and she's walking out  of the library dressed in black with heavy wind.
  She's holding her coat closed and you're like wow.
  I think that's one of the things where he's like  oh my god Mary.
  That's a big thing.
  It's a big deal.
  Clarence is horrified.
  Clarence is like she's at the library.
  Look at her.
  She's childless.
  She's learning instead of fucking.
  I said there's this song from the Little Admirers  stage musical that was made into a movie  called I'm Past My Prime.
  And the joke is this 18 year old girl is past her prime  and she's a very attractive woman.
  No.
  I think it's still sort of a joke, played for a joke.
  But still it seems to be a common,  obviously it was a thing in the culture at the time.
  We all need a cigarette break or something.
  This is a stressful episode.
  What a legacy.
  What a legacy.
  He kicked it right in 77.
  He didn't feel any of this.
  We are carrying.
  None of the backlash.
  We all are carrying his burden with us.
  Where we live in the world.
  He left a lot of damage in his wake.
  The hole he dug.
  Yeah.
  Gotta get out of that alcap hole.
  We're all, Evan's talking about too many franchises  remaking the same thing.
  I looked at IMDB.
  There are four different little Abner projects listed.
  Over the span of, no not now.
  Fox has got one, Paramount, co-financed with Universal.
  Torn between Disney and Sony.
  They're in a big fight over that.
  We just said Sony couldn't use little Abner.
  Little Abner can't be in the Avengers anymore.
  He's out of the MCU.
  There's a 67, there's a 71, there's a 1940,  and there's a 60, 59.
  Oh my God.
  Various media.
  Every era.
  And a Broadway show.
  Geez.
  And a Broadway show.
  Ran for three years I believe.
  And then MGM musical.
  The golden age of MGM musicals.
  The little Abner.
  Is that the highest production value one?  Yeah, that's the one.
  Hold on.
  Little Abner comes alive 1959.
  Okay.
  So as that stuff's dying out.
  Where it's like, look!  Technicolor.
  Yes.
  Martin Scorsese is like, fuck this.
  We're getting gritty.
  There's no more 90 dancers on an obvious soundstage.
  Arthur Penn is like, well I'm gonna do something.
  Or shoot on location.
  Shoot in a real house.
  You're out of your fucking mind.
  Get out of here.
  I'm gonna wear a gun shooting a real house.
  Going to dangerous New York to do that if you.
  In 71 it looks like there was like a  hee haw type show with the characters.
  Oh I think that was the TV pilot  that they aired as a TV special.
  Right.
  I saw that they had a didn't, yes.
  And then, well didn't they make a TV pilot?  Dogpatch was like, oh there's gonna be a TV show.
  And then the pilot didn't go.
  There was gonna be a restaurant.
  There was a lot of changes.
  There was gonna be a restaurant change.
  And the TV pilot.
  And then both didn't happen,  and Dogpatch suffered the consequences.
  Right.
  There was an unsold Lil Abner pilot in 67.
  Oh that was 60th season.
  Oh Jesus.
  They were trying, they were throwing everything at this.
  What about Lil Abner?  When it's just, every room, every week.
  Wouldn't you wanna do something with Lil Abner?  Have we not been down this road before?  Which one is that?  Lil Abner, you know.
  He's a big guy.
  It's not a cute little child.
  No, no, it's a big guy.
  Big strapping guy.
  Sadie Hawkins.
  That's funny, that's funny.
  Yeah, Sadie Hawkins.
  Hilarious.
  She's ugly as shit.
  An ugly girl.
  That would be hilarious.
  There's nobody to be interested in.
  Movie?  Movie of the week?  Broadway play.
  What do you wanna do?  Theme park.
  Radio jingle?  After this podcast comes out,  that is the conversation we'll all be hearing  in rooms across the town.
  I know, it's just if this will kickstart.
  Yeah, we'll be competing.
  Yeah, right.
  Comics are taking on Lil Abner next week.
  Scott's going in the week after.
  It's after Labor Day though, so I think I have it.
  Comic strips are like little comic books.
  Some might even call them quick bites  of comic books.
  And I think there's a new, it's called Queeby, folks.
  So if somebody can think of Queeby.
  Queeby.
  Is it Queeby?  I thought it was Queeby.
  It's not Kibbe.
  No, I don't think so.
  It's in the.
  I don't mean to make fun of,  we're probably all working for Queeby.
  Oh no, no, we're two seconds.
  We'll all be working there.
  I was there yesterday.
  I was in the building.
  And it's like, you think this is a Queeby thing?  And I'm like, I don't know what that is.
  I was there, I was there.
  I got that email, I was like, I don't know.
  I'm sorry.
  There's no way they're gonna figure this out  We heard your podcast.
  That was funny.
  We're doing a little ad show.
  You guys are out.
  I did just take it.
  I was at a general at Queeby yesterday  and the guy asked me no questions.
  Oh no.
  So yeah, here's the thing.
  Here's what Queeby's looking for.
  And that's kind of the Queeby ethos.
  And anyway, look, I gotta run.
  I got a meeting with Wayne Brady.
  Yeah, pretty much.
  His office is gonna be closed in six months.
  There's gonna be a phone on the floor.
  You gotta get out of here.
  You gotta get the side.
  I'm gonna rip through this thing.
  Now they're really not gonna take a minute.
  I already had my general.
  What else is gonna happen?  But if you go in and say the phrase,  if you could work in the phrase Kickapoo Joy Juice.
  Yes.
  That's the moonshine from the caves.
  That's right.
  That's the moonshine.
  The moonshine.
  And I guess you could have this at the park, I think.
  Yeah, so one important thing to know  is that in the world of dog patch,  you could drink Kickapoo Joy Juice,  a liquor of stupefying potency.
  The recipe for Kickapoo Joy Juice is,  it's a bunch of, I mean, it's liquors and stuff  and gasoline and whatever, but then weird,  you gotta soak a grizzly bear in it  or a panther or a horseshoe or an anvil.
  A lot of backwoodsy shit goes in there.
  Was it alcoholic in the park?  I don't know.
  That's unclear, right?  Not sure.
  Couldn't have been back then.
  It's like the blue milk in Galaxy's Edge or Butterbeer.
  It's better blue or milk Kickapoo,  I'm sorry, blue or milk.
  Blue Kickapoo.
  Or Kickapoo milk.
  Kickapoo milk.
  That sounds bad.
  It all sounds bad.
  They had a, but they.
  I mean, I don't, that might have been why my dad was like,  let's go to dog patch.
  Oh, he was getting nothing on  I'm gonna finish this.
  Let me finish this off.
  I will get back in the car and try for another hour.
  I was fishing for a trout and then I reeled it in  and it was my dad.
  My dad was face down in the paddle boat.
  I do remember fishing at the trout pond, catching it,  taking it to the place where they clean it, fry it,  and I ate it.
  Wow.
  That was crazy.
  That was like my lunch that was at dog patch.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  I think there was a trout farm initially, this property.
  So that was like a thing.
  Yeah.
  You could have fished for trout,  but it wouldn't have been as codified  and as much of a process.
  But I did catch a trout, fry it, and eat it.
  This is like if you could catch a trout  in a Little Mermaid ride or something,  or you could get a flounder and eat it.
  That would be too morose,  but I mean, you know what I'm saying?  You could live in the universe.
  You could fish from that big fish bucket,  the fish net at California Adventure.
  Right.
  The photo op.
  If you got to kill the Ronto,  you ate at the Ronto Roaster at Galaxy's Edge.
  Yes.
  Before you ate it.
  With a big spear and then, oh yeah baby.
  Although I guess it's not real,  so this is actually, you would kill something and eat it.
  I did, yeah.
  You killed something, yeah.
  I was too young to realize this is disturbing,  but it was like, now we'll eat the fish.
  And I was like, oh, we eat fish?  Would you fish now?  Would you take your boys to fish?  Catch and release.
  Sure, yeah.
  That's the one.
  Catch and release.
  I'm sure they'll be bored out of their minds,  but I've thought about it.
  Because I live outside LA, so it's like,  there's some fish in your hands with Lake Arrowhead.
  They'll be bored.
  But you want to do that dad thing.
  Be like, I want to live that beer commercial.
  The outdoors stuff.
  They're gonna get their hands dirty.
  The Lohenbrau commercial.
  All right, son.
  I think it could be cool.
  We'll probably do it once.
  Just get a photo out of it,  and then everyone will lose the memory of them  throwing temper tantrums.
  Speaking of different times,  I saw a commercial on TV.
  Well, it was on YouTube,  but I was watching 80s commercials,  early 80s commercials.
  There was a national spot for a fishing rod.
  Like the reel.
  Wow.
  And it was,  oh God, there's a name of a fishing reel company.
  It's probably still around.
  But they had enough money to do a national spot.
  That could play everywhere.
  The slogan for the company was,  the folks you fish with.
  Whoa.
  The folks you fish with.
  That is very, yeah.
  You might on super syndicated,  like the for grandma antenna TV.
  They dropped serious cash.
  Might have been a big regional spot, but still.
  Sure.
  But yeah, on a more obscure cable network,  you'll see commercials like that.
  It's clearly a non-union commercial.
  And it's like,  there's mattress companies that sell,  and it's like,  you can just tell,  you can tell this may be a cheaper spot.
  And then you'll still see like,  sometimes standard deaf commercials on certain stations.
  Yeah.
  Like, okay.
  We filmed our ad in 2002.
  Our work is done.
  Right, and it's probably honestly,  just working fine.
  I have it on my phone.
  It's working fine for them.
  I have it as a ringtone on my phone.
  Really?  It's a ringtone that I have not selected.
  And it would say what if he selected it?  Do you want me to turn it on?  Yeah, sure.
  Yeah, let's hear it.
  I gotta make sure I get the right one,  because they're all labeled CBS commercials.
  Hold on.
  This podcast is, we're doing a whole.
  Zipco.
  Oh.
  Zipco Omega 33XPL.
  Smooth, powerful, ball bearing drive.
  Ultra sensitive drag.
  And an interchangeable handle for right or left hand retrieve.
  Da da da da da da.
  Zipco Omega 33XPL.
  Just one of the Zipco Omegas.
  Made in America by Zipco.
  The folks you fish with.
  The folks you fuck with.
  Wow, so much weird dead air in there.
  Whoa.
  Omega three.
  Omega 33.
  Wow.
  Omega 33.
  For right hand or left hand retrieve.
  Wow.
  Enough people in Boston are gonna buy a fish and pull.
  I think I've.
  It's weird.
  I think I fished twice in my life.
  Well.
  As a young child.
  I did a little bit, and I'd go to a place  that was probably just the Trout Farm version  of what your, of your dog patch experience.
  It was called Troutdale.
  It's still there in like Agoura Hills.
  And it's similar to this, like a pond  with so many trout, as many as possible.
  There's a trout pond up on Mount Baldy.
  Near where we live.
  Yeah, like there's a, I fished a lot.
  I had my own rod and reel.
  I had a tackle box, that was called.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Yeah, tackle box.
  Did I have my own tackle box?  Two of the places that I used to fish though  have been kind of destroyed, where one is dog patch.
  And then I went fishing with a buddy of mine.
  We went camping, and then that place subsequently,  like all of it burned down in a wildfire.
  Wow.
  Just a little freaky.
  All of it.
  Dog patch of wishes, it was burnt down.
  Would have been on the lake.
  What are you driving by, and it's like, burn me.
  Find a match.
  I can't do this anymore.
  Get some gasoline.
  Jason.
  Get some flowers.
  Jason is a child, I know this.
  I mentioned it before.
  Has a story that sounds like something out of dog patch.
  When he would fish.
  Oh, sure, yeah.
  He would fish for.
  Pond deals.
  Pond deals.
  Pond deals.
  So in the little resort trailer park,  where my family's had a trailer for years,  like a little in-ground trailer down at the Jersey Shore,  there's a small lake that is connected to a pond by marsh.
  And we would go back to this pond  and fish with either chunks of cheese or cut up hot dogs.
  Okay, yeah.
  He catches little guppies.
  Don't waste these, mom.
  And then one year for whatever reason,  we just started catching eels.
  Whoa.
  With sharp cheddar.
  These eels love this cheese.
  And we're like, what is this?  And so I told.
  How big were the eels?  Maybe like a little under a foot, I would say.
  That's not, that's sizable, man.
  No, that's not.
  That's a sizable eel.
  Friendly looking creatures.
  They look evil.
  Did Earthquake Magoon give you this idea?  Earthquake Magoon.
  Scrambled brain.
  That's the kind of thing that my dad thinks  modern restaurants are like, eel and cheddar.
  You got out there in California eating your eel.
  Even though he's from here.
  That's what he thinks.
  He's from in Seco?  Yeah, he's from, yeah, he's from Sherman Oaks.
  That's right, yeah.
  Anything that's not meatloaf he's suspicious of.
  What is that?  What are you eating over there?  He recently bragged to me, I've been trying new things.
  I tried flatbread.
  Flatbread?  Yeah, he gave flatbread.
  That's pizza.
  My dad will not, yeah, my dad is the same way.
  My dad retired out here, but he won't eat anything.
  That makes a little more sense.
  Yeah, and he's from Chicago, but that's all meat.
  It's just, he grew up where the couch stopped  and he moved to where they started.
  You know what I mean?  Yeah, he's like, I got a great picture  of my dad and I at Dogpatch.
  I should have brought it.
  Oh yeah.
  We'll find out later.
  He's in, it's the mid-80s, early 80s, right?  So I'm a little kid and he's holding my hand  and we're both looking back at something  and my mom just happened to be behind us  and snapped a picture.
  We're walking through the food area,  I guess where that stuff was, but he's turned around  and he's got the great Serengeti sunglasses, mustache,  sleeveless shirt, short shorts, and for some reason,  his ass is soaking wet in the photo.
  We probably were just on the paddle boats.
  Yeah, it's only good.
  It's also the Arkansas heat,  but his soaking wet shorts.
  Sounds like a nice idyllic photo  besides those details.
  But it's a very good photo.
  He was holding my hand.
  He didn't get like, his butt wasn't on fire  and he jumped into a barrel of water.
  Is that possible?  That wasn't experience, they offered.
  Another crazy day at Dogpatch.
  Worse than my comic.
  This guy's ass caught on fire.
  Your dad's chasing some woman.
  Vietnam was right.
  Wow.
  So, I mean, we should start moving to the park at last.
  Yes, if you wanna know more about Lil Abner,  there is a comprehensive reprinting of them going on  by IDW, their line, the Library of American Comics.
  There's nine volumes so far.
  IDW's put out nine volumes?  Nine volumes.
  Lil Abner ran for 43 years.
  Oh my God.
  When did it start?  34, I think.
  34.
  Yeah, so it'll be a little while.
  They banged out Nancy in three or four volumes.
  They put out nine volumes, so they must be selling well.
  I guess so.
  Those big books sell well for the comic book imprints.
  They're great.
  Even Lil Abner, I guess.
  If I bought one for my dad, he's like,  oh good, the way things used to be.
  Oh no, my dad likes Lil Abner.
  In Sherman Oaks?  Yeah, I can't imagine.
  If I bought it for my dad,  I'd probably try to do the really thoughtful son gift  of the theme park we used to go to, like Dogpatch.
  He'd be like, was that what it was called?  Was it Dogpatch?  Was that on the way up to Illinois?  No, that was in Arkansas.
  Oh.
  Don't remember.
 Cool.
  Thanks, buddy.
  Just get him some short shorts and get him wet before.
  And here's some wet shorts for you to put on.
  You remember? Put them on.
  Happy Father's Day.
  Put them on, I need to do the photo.
  Mom's?  Hold my hand, damn it.
  Hold my hand, take the photo.
  His ass isn't wet enough.
  Wet him down.
  So, all of that insanity  about this one-legged sexual harasser to say,  that a group of people, there was a trout farm owner  who wanted to do something different with the property  and see if he could turn it into more of a tourist attraction,  especially considering that there were several caves  worthy of exploring.
  How can we get people off the highway?  This isn't near an interstate,  you gotta go out of your way to go there, what can we do?  What if we built a little village?  They talked about properties,  they might be able to turn it into,  and they talked about turning it into dog patch  from the Labner.
  And they assure, after all that reading,  the quote that they assured Al Cap  that the park would be quiet and dignified  and would not include roller coasters or thrill rides  that would conflict with the rustic Labner thing.
  Yeah, we don't want those rides.
  It's working everywhere else,  but ours is gonna be different.
  It's just not dignified, not Disneyland.
  So this guy was super buttoned up,  but also an entrepreneur,  like a true American, pull yourself up by your bootstraps.
  I have a trout farm, I'm gonna dream bigger.
  Yeah, I mean, it's pretty impressive  that he thought to, I mean, I have not great things to say  about many of the other owners of this property.
  But that guy probably did well.
  Yeah, I think so.
  Albert Rainey is the name,  and his real estate agent, OJ Snow.
  OJ Snow?  OJ Snow.
  He's like a character in Little Abner.
  From out of town.
  And a smart selection for,  it was estimated that every day,  Little Abner reached 60 million Americans.
  Wow.
  900 American newspapers.
  It's the finale of MASH.
  And 100 foreign papers.
  Wow, 60 million people.
  Or 60 million readers, excuse me.
  So therefore, we could get to our goal easily  of 10,000 people a day.
  This is what they wanted.
  As the years went on, it was a very rare,  they said in a very special day,  they could maybe get 7,000.
  Like it always fell way short of Western.
  It was a weird place, man.
  You remember that?  Like I didn't know that as a kid.
  It was like, you're driving through Arkansas  for a while back then, and it's very green.
  I don't know if you guys have been to Arkansas.
  Never not.
  Okay, it's very green,  because it's just a lot of moisture, I guess.
  And so you're just driving,  but there are a lot of tall, very green trees.
  So it's almost like Virginia, you know what I mean?  But very leafy.
  And you're just going down that highway forever.
  And it's not off the main.
  It's nondescript.
  Like you enjoy a scenic drive for 15 minutes,  but it starts to get like, ugh.
  I don't remember being scenic,  because there's nothing to really look out on.
  You know what I mean?  And then just, I remember looking out the window,  and you're just looking at trees, trees, trees,  and I'm looking at it for an hour, or whatever it is,  waiting for the dog patch sign to pop out out of nowhere.
  Like, oh, you know what I mean?  Like, there it is.
  And there's not even a sign saying dog patch coming up.
  Just like, oh, here we go.
  There probably was, but I was like, I couldn't.
  I just knew the guy.
  I knew little Abner.
  Oh, there was a big little Abner on the sign,  or inside, or so.
  I'd be like, bleh.
  Wow.
  So it's like an oasis to you,  in sort of a boring, long road trip.
  Because it's like seven hours away  from Dallas or something.
  It was a while, you know what I mean?  It wasn't great.
  I'm trying to, my grandfather retired in,  is it Bentonville?  Bensonville?  Bentonville or Bensonville.
  It's where Sam Walton's from.
  Okay.
  Oh, from Walmart.
  Sure, that one.
  Sam Walton.
  So like, he lived there.
  Not from the Waltons.
  Not a character from the Waltons.
  But the Walton family's from this town in Arkansas.
  Their headquarters is there.
  Oh, gotcha.
  But it was a small town.
  Did you like visiting wherever,  the main place where your grandparents were?  I liked my grandparents' house.
  Because it was when they had a house.
  They actually were not able to keep the house,  which was sad, and then they moved to Southern Illinois.
  But yeah, my grandfather had a garden,  and there were all these stories of Sam Walton.
  And how he would go to church,  and he would sit in the front pew,  and then he would fall asleep and snore very loudly.
  But no one wanted to wake him up,  because he gave so much money to the community  and to the church.
  So he would just snore through the homily,  or the serp, you know.
  That's just old Sam.
  Old Sam over there.
  Yeah.
  You know, I mean, maybe they had a lot of affection for him,  or they just scared of him.
  I think both, probably both.
  It's like Walmart.
  Don't take the money away.
  Write down the name of the man who told me not to snore.
  He will kill this town.
  Gonna burn this church down.
  Build a Walmart.
  I don't care about Arkansas.
  Yeah.
  Real bonds to me.
  Did you have affection for  the little Abner character at all?  I think I remember vaguely that sign.
  I think when I visually,  on a cerebral cortex level,  when I look at the cast of characters,  the sheer number, that one hits a button.
  In my cerebral cortex, it's like boom.
  And I'm like, oh, it's an exciting,  I like that character.
  I like the way it looks.
  You go fun.
  You maybe don't know anything else about him.
  I'm like, fine, we're gonna have fun now.
  We're not in the car.
  Yeah, that gets my way.
  We might be getting out of a car.
  Yeah, yeah, exactly.
  I'm gonna get probably a toy or a prize,  or both, or a trout.
  Trout's coming.
  To eat some delicious trout.
  Trout again.
  Trout good to eat.
  I'm gonna kill my own food.
  I don't know, I haven't had trout in a long time.
  Trout isn't a thing you have, a fish you have.
  It's like usually on the specials,  we have a trout.
  Like a diner or a school board.
  Yeah, I get it.
  Oh, a diner trout.
  Scott, I kinda wanna go to this trout land place.
  Can we do an episode about trout dail?  Can we get trout dail?  Yeah, my old fishing hole.
  The one where- Will they scale it for you?  I think so.
  Oh, at trout dail?  I have no idea.
  Dogpatch, you would give the fish to them  and they would take it into the cabin and do the deed.
  That was like the big, one of their big trademark things.
  I read that they would also put it on ice for you  if you wanna take it home.
  Oh, yeah.
  Okay, that makes sense.
  They'll do whatever.
  Bring grandpa a trout.
  Look!  I did this, I killed him.
  I killed him, grandpa.
  I killed this for you, grandpa.
  Give this to Sam Walden.
  Leaving a dead fish on Sam Walden's doorstep.
  Fuck you.
  Or as an offering.
  Made in America my ass.
  Please give me a job.
  I brought you a job.
  Now, do you have any fondness for the character  who is the centerpiece of the town of Dogpatch?  There's an oversized statue of the hero  who all of the townsfolk worship.
  He is a Confederate general.
  God damn it.
  And his name is Jubilation T.
 Cornpwn.
  I gotta look at a picture of him.
  Please look up Jubilation T.
 Cornpwn.
  I'll probably remember,  but I have no recollection of this.
  I think it was sort of the centerpiece.
  It's like a-  Julius T.
 Cornpwn?  Yeah, Cornpwn.
  Jubilation T.
 Cornpwn?  Jubilation, sorry.
  Can I?  It'd be Jubilation.
  Real quick, while you're looking it up,  I forgot to play this.
  This is a list of all the characters  that are listed in the trailer.
  Did you watch this?  No, please.
  A little after the original trailer.
  This will help us get acquainted with who we're gonna meet.
  That's, yeah, exactly.
  Okay, thank you.
  So, here we go.
  Glossary.
  Earthquake Magoo.
  Boom beam makes wine.
  Boobie.
  Julie Newmar?  What?  Yeah, buddy.
  Oh no.
  The visualis flee from Daisy Mae  and those beautiful love star babes.
  This is a real glimpse.
  All the carrying on in Paramount's biggest musical hit.
  Say it.
  Come on.
  No, it's just on the screen.
  The announcer doesn't say the title.
  Doesn't say the title.
  He said everything else.
  He said so many words.
  That's right, it was a Paramount musical.
  It's not a phrase you hear often.
  The Paramount musical.
  It's not known for those.
  The famous Paramount musical.
  Available Jones.
  Available Jones.
  That's really strange.
  I like these names.
  Available Jones.
  Really quick, I don't wanna sidetrack,  but when I flew back from my first visit to Orlando  into Disney World and I wept and wept harder  than I've ever cried about anything else in my life,  I was so sad to leave Disney World.
  And the only thing that cheered me up  and got me to stop crying for a second  was that my parents pointed out  that Julie Newmar was getting on the plane.
  Oh wow, really?  What?  Specific memory, yeah, that's Catwoman.
  Catwoman's on the flight.
  Now please stop crying for five fucking seconds.
  And that did work.
  It did work, but I never stopped thinking about that trip  for the rest of my life and here I am now.
  So really, really the tears never stop.
  Julie Newmar was powerless.
  In the face of Disney World, no.
  I don't really remember the statue,  but I do remember some, some,  I remember the beard.
  Okay, sure.
  Because I pictured something with like a coon skin cap.
  But I remember the beard.
  He's more of a, yeah, he's in the hat and the,  he is, this is a Confederate statue  is what we're talking about.
  Yes.
  This is still there.
  However, I think it was actually moved  to Branson or something.
  Oh, like Silver Dollar City?  Which I've also been to.
  Oh really, we've never gotten into Silver Dollar City,  which seems like a better version of this.
  Right, but with less rides.
  Oh really, huh, huh.
  I didn't like it as much.
  Oh, huh, interesting.
  Well, America felt otherwise.
  I was a dog patch guy.
  And also an hour away, yeah, Branson, Missouri,  the rising fortune.
  Branson's very popular.
  Which, which, what I didn't know is that Branson  wasn't really like hidden stride until the 90s.
  And that contributed to the, you know,  the final nail in the coffin of Dogpatch USA.
  Yeah, it was like a better attraction down the road.
  Jubilation T cornpwn, though this is  a Confederate statue, it is sort of,  it was kind of satire.
  It was like all the townsfolk sung about this guy  who was clearly a drunk and an idiot  and lost all of these battles.
  And I watched a song, the song from the movie  about Jubilation T cornpwn, and it's sung by Stubby K,  old character actor Stubby K.
  And why did I get into any of this?  Well, so somebody, there was an article,  the deepest, like weird, worst right wing thing ever  that tried to do a gotcha of Bill Maher  via Jubilation T cornpwn because there's a,  not even a, like over time, the extra of real time,  people are, several guests are talking about  like weird actors they're related to.
  And he says, Bill Maher says,  Stubby K is my second cousin.
  Oh, interesting.
  And then this article says, well, did you hear that?  Well, you know, he goes off about the Confederate statues  and how he thinks they should be pulled down,  but his cousin did a whole song about him.
  Okay, yeah, a lot of context there.
  Yeah, there's a ton to learn.
  A lot of context.
  Do you imagine being that petty and sad?  Desperate to bring down.
  Where you're just like,  I'm gonna go for this obscure little Abner character,  not even little Abner.
  I'm gonna go for Jubilation T cornpwn.
  The never seen long dead Civil War.
  Who is a racist.
  If you watch the video, it is a whole song  about how Confederate generals were idiots.
  So it's a gotcha of himself, but.
  And also to take all the time to go after Bill Maher,  who is unassailable and perfect in every way.
  You talking about a guy that's bulletproof.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Shouldn't have tried.
  So, but I like that name, all of these names.
  What was the name?  Available Jones?  Available Jones, yeah.
  So good.
  I thought it was Available Jones.
  It seems like it went in stride  with the rest of the trailer though.
  Cause it was just like, women chase the men.
  Yes.
  In this colorful male fantasy.
  The women are boy crazy  and the men are running for their lives  in this dance sequence.
  Two men and women are begging for some friendship.
  But we're not gonna give it to them.
  We're just gonna make fun of them.
  Julie Newmar was his like, stupefying Jones.
  Stupefying Jones.
  She comes out of a.
  She's out of like a rocket looking thing.
  Yeah, she comes out of a rocket  and she's wearing a bathing suit.
  Oh my God.
  Wow.
  I think we're gonna watch this movie.
  Yes.
  Honestly, I was like,  I should probably watch this whole fling.
  The Jubilation T corn punch song is good.
  It is funny, there are jokes.
  It's a lot of fun.
  I've heard that and I don't know why  I've heard that before.
  And I'm trying to remember what context it is  that I've heard it in.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  It's like sampled in a girl talk song or something.
  Maybe.
  That's stubby K right there.
  It's a mix of like MGMT and stubby K.
  So let me say something about,  something I learned from the documentary about Dogpatch.
  Dogpatch upon opening was 1,700 acres.
  We were just talking about acreage  because Universal Studios is opening a new,  the third gate in Florida.
  And it's gonna be massive clearly.
  And it is 750 acres.
  That's pretty big.
  Animal Kingdom, the biggest park in Disney World, 580 acres.
  So Dogpatch USA was three Animal Kingdoms in one.
  That's insane.
  It's really insane.
  And Animal Kingdom had a room for like a,  it's a full zoo.
  There's a place for, yeah.
  But then you get a savanna for elephants to run around.
  Why does Dogpatch have, it's really insane.
  It's just wild land.
  You know, you could probably just go off it.
  Most of it's not.
  You're just in Ozarks.
  You could just live there probably for 30 days.
  What?  If your dad was a guy out in the trees.
  Well, you would get him.
  Bring him here.
  You could get an annual pass  if you just camped in the yard, camped in the wilderness.
  Again, probably around February.
  Yeah.
  I mean there was a lot of,  some of the cabins they deconstructed somewhere else  and rebuilt.
  That's crazy.
  Maybe the characters' cabins.
  Real 19th century cabins.
  Wow, geez.
  And reassembled them.
  God, this is a genuinely historic site.
  So what could you do there?  Here, when I throw it to you,  like what do you remember doing?  You remember getting a toy.
  Yeah, there were, were there games?  Because I feel like, probably.
  But the strongest memory I have is that I really wanted,  there were two kind of dog toys, like plush dogs,  and one was like pink and red,  and one was two shades of blue.
  And I could not decide between them when I won this game.
  And I was like freaking out.
  Like I could not decide between which dog I wanted  because they were both so great.
  And I think my mom or dad like played the game again  and like spent more money and won again.
  So then I got to have both.
  Oh, geez.
  Wow, that's cool.
  You have nice memories here.
  Yeah, it's very nice.
  And there's a picture of my mom with both dogs.
  Oh my God.
  We're coming out of a little like food cabin or whatever.
  Wow, wow.
  And I was like,  but it taught me that I could have everything I ever wanted.
  Yeah.
  You entitled hippie.
  Yeah, exactly.
  I'll capture to smack you around.
  Yeah.
  I feel like that is a running theme  in Halt and Catch Fire from what I've watched.
  You can get everything you want.
  You can have it all.
  You can have it all.
  It's up to you when you stop.
  The dogpatch is the biggest influence on the series.
  I think it's good for the series.
  Big influence.
  Little Latin early pace.
  I mean, that would be a pretty good casting.
  He could be a live action.
  Ooh, wow.
  Beef him up, put a little crossfit on him.
  Give him the two by four.
  You gotta get those upper arms really just busting out.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Have we determined who owns the characters now?  Hmm.
  Do we know?  It has to be like some company in Mexico.
  You know what I mean?  Yes.
  As a write down, as like a tax,  like a superfund site.
  You know what I mean?  Yeah.
  Like where it's toxic land  and they just a massive media company buys it  and writes it off.
  Mm-hmm, yeah.
  They're never gonna clean it up.
  It's very, yeah.
  Because the characters are not public domain yet.
  No.
  When it hits that 100 year mark,  this will be one of the first to go  because nobody's being careful about it.
  We just had to switch, right?  It was, what was the year?  Because we just, the Sunny Bono law just lapsed  where it's over now.
  So things are now entering public domain from 1924 on.
  What's the Sunny Bono law?  He extended that, he passed legislation  to extend the copyright at the behest of Disney  because of Mickey Mouse.
  Yeah, right, right.
  He fought for Disney to hold back on.
  That's his big piece of legislation.
  And then he was mayor of Palm Springs.
  Yeah.
  Wow, wow.
  And then it was like,  because it extended it only like what,  I don't know, 10 years, 15 years, 20,  because it was 100 years I think.
  It gave like a good chunk of time to,  but like it's like,  there was a moratorium on stuff like after 24 or something.
  And now every year there will be stuff  entering the public domain,  which is the first time that's happened in a while, I think.
  I could be completely wrong about this.
  I wonder what Disney's plan is.
  They have to be figuring something out.
  I'm sure there's, yeah.
  I think under the original, before all the extensions,  we had just passed either Spider-Man or Mickey Mouse,  like some big one.
  It was Steamboat Willie or something.
  It was like, yeah, it was like they were screwed.
  Spider-Man's much later.
  62.
  Oh, 100, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Like Superman and Batman will get there much quicker.
  Oh man.
  Boy, then you'll just have constant Batmans and Spider-Mans.
  That'll never happen.
  Can you imagine a world like that?  Where there's like a new one every week.
  Multiple competing jokers.
  Whoa.
  Trippy.
  My movie opens opposite the Joker,  so no one's gonna see it.
  It's the same week, really?  Yeah, so they were like October 4th,  is there anything coming out?  Oh yes, that Joker film.
  Who's that, Joker?  What's that about?  It's my birthday, I'll go see it.
  Okay, good.
  I'll go see it.
  Just do a double feature.
  The movie comes under a bit of a double header.
  October 4th is both the release of the Joker  and the first WWE on Fox.
  And I'm like, this is a weird birthday.
  Oh no.
  Yeah.
  Smack me, me and my folks.
  I'll be live on Fox.
  Yeah, from LA.
  I'll drag you, Scott.
  Yeah, I'll be there, yeah.
  I'll see you in Matinee  and then I'll go to the Staples Center.
  I'm sure there'll be like one theater in Stockton.
  You know what I mean, like the Indy.
  Do you know yet, have they told you?  No, they're still putting together the theatrical,  but I got the whole VOD thing, which was pretty crazy.
  Oh, interesting.
  Huh, very good.
  And you use the cabins from Dogpatch USA  and that's where it's all set.
  It's set in Dogpatch.
  If you're so great at it.
  It's set in the holler.
  There's a wounded criminal played by Aaron Paul.
  He crawls into the holler.
  And it's a deaf boy.
  Catches a trout.
  His father is available Jones.
  Yes, exactly.
  And it gets real dark from there.
  You had to cart a bunch of fake snow into Arkansas.
  It was crazy.
  Oh yeah, we shot it there.
  I like that.
  No, we shot it in Winnipeg for Dogpatch.
  Scott.
  We were, yes.
  There's snow on the mountains in the Ozarks.
  They had a ski lodge.
  Oh, that's right.
  Oh wait, that came up.
  But it was difficult  because they couldn't get snow regularly enough.
  Oh really, because it was too hot.
  Yeah.
  They're like, let's do a ski lodge.
  Yeah, that'll turn it around.
  Well, okay, so what else do we have there?  I can name some names of things.
  There were live shows  at a place called the Cornvention Center.
  There was a place called Barney Barnsmell's Skunk Works,  which was a bunch of Rube Goldberg machines that make soap.
  Yeah.
  I remember a shooting game.
  Oh wait, I think I have that.
  Yeah.
  That might have been where I won the dogs.
  Or the dog.
  Could have been.
  Oh, that is, like the film,  this is one aspect of a lab inverse.
  I really like all the names.
  And this one's one of the best.
  Rotten Ralphie's Ricochet Rifle Range.
  Oh wow.
 Okay.
  That's where you got your beloved.
  Yes, I think that's what it was.
  Are you looking at Wikipedia  or is there a different little lab nor wiki?  Oh, I pulled my own list.
  This is just on the wiki and they have Trash Eaters.
  Trash Eaters.
  Trash Eaters, it's amazing.
  Do you remember the thing about the trash cans?  No, I don't remember this, but I read about it.
  Where they suck the trash out of your hand.
  They suck the trash?  They're all animals that eat your trash.
  Yep.
  That is good.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Suction machines.
  I love that idea.
  Innovators.
  Yeah, I'm looking at the,  oh, that's the one I'm really intrigued by.
  There's no, I couldn't find a video of it.
  Little Abner Space Rocket.
  The writers had it in 1978.
  It was a simulated trip into outer space,  which means it was like a movie.
  I don't remember this at all.
  Yeah.
  It may have gone by the time, who knows.
  But why is he going to space?  That's unclear.
  Yeah, like it's really out of the.
  But Julie Neumann.
  He had no idea what it was to space.
  In the movie was in a rocket.
  Oh yeah.
  There was more of a rocket,  like an alien presence in these books.
  I think available Jones might have been an inventor  or scientist, because he looks like a dweeb.
  Right, he was a dweeb.
  You see all sorts of archetypes show up.
  There's a strip where the managers of the best boxer  and the best wrestler in New York are very nervous,  because little Abner has beaten up a dozen men  and a new TV camera happened to be there.
  And they're like, what are we going to do?  They're going to find out our clients aren't that strong.
  There's nothing compared to this guy.
  There's nothing compared to this corn-pone man.
  Who's never been trained to fight.
  Yeah.
  You could kill him.
  Pull a hillbilly rage.
  He drinks another of that Kickapoo juice.
  Joy juice.
  And kill everybody in Madison Square Garden.
  Blind trucking rage.
  How much would you give me  if he killed not only the opposing boxer,  but everyone in the stands.
  Here's what you're going to do.
  You're going to get wasted.
  Get him in three rounds.
  And then you're going to start killing people  in the front row.
  Punch everybody else.
  Work your way to the tent, to the mezzanine.
  And he was very happy-go-lucky, though, wasn't he?  Abner?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So it's funny that he also is extraordinarily violent.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Hey, I'm a nice guy.
  He's naive.
  He was a wholesome.
  He was an innocent.
  That's the word I kept coming across.
  An innocent.
  An innocent.
  Unlike Abner.
  He's an innocent of sexual harassment.
  Sometimes like, eh, you know.
  But 43 years of a comic strip,  they're going to space at some point.
  I was talking with him.
  He's like, what's left?  Space.
  Space.
  Uh-huh.
  Season seven of Halt, you would have gone to space.
  Yeah, we would have, yes.
  And then they all become astronauts.
  Space is the next.
  Where else do you go?  Oh, Mission Impossible seven and eight.
  Better do space.
  Oh, man.
  Please, Tom, do the training.
  Oh, and it's really there.
  They've teased it.
  But I don't know if they got to do it.
  They've teased space.
  I love that.
  I have not seen the last two.
  Oh, they're great.
  Oh, they're, yeah.
  But yeah, Tom, of course, will have to go to space for real.
  That's what they're saying.
  Like, if we were to do space, they're not going to fake it.
  Tom has to go to NASA and get trained.
  That's what they're saying.
  I don't know if that's what they're planning,  but it feels like they should.
  Then he's got to climb out of the real center of the Earth.
  He's got to dig his way up from the core.
  Like the core.
  The movie.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  It's a reverse core.
  Reverse core.
  He's buried in there, and he's got to make his way up.
  Stuck in the core.
  Mission Impossible nine, reverse core.
  Reverse core.
  The inertia kicks him into space when he emerges.
  And that's where, oh, yeah.
  So much force.
  Maybe he comes back from space with space.
  He burrows into the.
.
.
  The key is getting back from space.
  It's not getting out of the core.
  It's getting back from space after the inertia of the explosion.
  Because he just free falls.
  He doesn't.
 He's not in a ship.
  He just without a helmet.
  He's got a minute to land under.
  Sounds like this franchise.
  Yeah, he can do it.
  I mean, he can do that.
  He would like you would tell him that and he'd go, got it.
  Can do.
 I'll get training.
  I'll do it.
 Yep.
  I've already been training.
  I actually was just working on that already.
  Working with NASA as we speak.
  Yeah.
 So I'll be there in four hours.
  Working with Dubai's NASA.
  They're better.
  NASD.
  What else we got?  West Polk Chop Special.
  Spelled the West P.
O.
  Apostrophe K Chop S.
P.
E.
S.
H.
U.
L.
  Miniature train with passenger cars,  carried guests on a circular track around the park.
  And it's, of course, using that bad dialect.
  That we're Mammy Mammy Yocum,  little Abner's mother, was always making poke chops for everyone.
  I see.
 OK.
  So that was her train.
  Mm hmm.
  She also had a train.
  Is the dog also called?  But she retired.
  She liked to be at home.
  Focus on poke chop.
  Poke chop Megan.
  Well, because Pappy was a layabout, like Pappy.
  All the men were like, good for nothing layabouts.
  It seemed like.
  So he was.
 So was it weird?  Like, was he saying all the men were lazy?  Was that sort of what is?  I think that's a common hillbilly trope is that the women are the workers have to do.
  Yeah, they do everything.
  And the men are like, it's like Wonder Woman a little bit.
  I guess there's no men on the island, but  the women are also chasing the men around.
  Yeah.
 So the women are actually sort of.
  They're not sex crazed.
  They're they're making food for everyone.
  And are the women like empowered in the in the story?  Do we know? What do you think?  I don't know about that.
  What you learned about Sadie Hawkins today?  Yeah, they're empowered if they have a billionaire father.
  Yeah, OK.
 There I get it now.
  There was a strip where Abner goes to meet something.
  A person named the ultimate.
  And he is a man who got rich by selling ice.
  He sold ice to all the rich people.
  Hmm.
 That's smart.
  So 43 years.
  Oh, you got to meet a rich ice guy at some point.
  It's like a Eugene O'Neill like reference.
  This guy's amazing.
  They all talk him up and he shows up.
  He's just super depressive and ice man.
  Just an old ice man.
  Oh, Pappy Yocum has arrived.
  Pappy Yocum's positively petrifying pub mobiles.
  OK, those are go carts.
  Then we got OK.
  So this last name is spelled very strange.
  And I looked apparently you have to.
  It is a it's a raspberry to say it.
  So it's sort of a farty sense.
  So I guess you would say Joe in pending disaster machine.
  Is the name of the ride?  I'm going to put my kid on that.
  You want to do Joe?  What's the Joe one?  It's 98 degrees, 100 percent humidity.
  Every ride is scorching hot metal as soon as you get on it.
  I think I vaguely remember the go carts, but they blend together with go carts.
  I would ride a lot in Dallas.
  No, it's like, yeah, any.
  Which itself, the track itself was abandoned for like 25 years.
  The Dallas.
  Yeah, well, you just had to find it off the freeway, but you could.
  Oh, you take a back and like also all the track was like overgrown with grass and stuff.
  So if you brought your own go cart or got an old rusty one, you could.
  Yeah, you could just get out there.
  And then we get to earthquake Magoon's brain radler, which seems very dangerous.
  It seems like it's probably a 48 incher, right?  I could have.
  Yeah, sure.
  I wasn't allowed on that one.
  Maybe for the best, because it looks dangerous.
  It's like a rusty red cage that you go up in a big spiral and then there's some like  very steep drops and hills.
  It looks really unpleasant.
  And it is now a lot of these rides got sold to a place called Little America with a K  jammed in there and sort of a creepy spikely fashion.
  Where is the Little America?  Marshall, Wisconsin.
  Gosh, they really traveled.
  Yeah, these places are pretty the cabins.
  That whole road trip.
  That's a boobiest.
  Putting the Harry Nilsson into it.
  Everybody's talking about me.
  They've taken him up brain rattle on a train.
  Rattlers seen a lot of good years.
  Time to say goodbye.
  I think the Woodies from Toy Story is making his way around to these rides.
  Now, next stop, the brain get lost.
  It's a new way.
  What is the ride in the video?  Is that the brain rather that has like big giant cars on this twirling?  That's the brain, right?  Yeah.
  Where you're in the front, the windshield is a cage.
  Yeah, it looks like I'm surprised it hasn't didn't fall off very regularly.
  It's so oversized.
  It doesn't.
  It's bizarre looking.
  But we can ride it.
  We can ride it now.
  We can go on a renamed earthquake.
  Magoons.
  That's a next time you're in Marshall, Wisconsin.
  That's amazing.
  You could just like those rides last that long.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It's like planes where you don't realize.
  We should go on a trip and ride all the rides from dogpatch.
  The incredible.
  This podcast gets like, oh, we're going to die.
  We spent four grand.
  Self-financed.
  The trip.
  You don't even do a TV show.
  The four hour drive from Milwaukee or Madison.
  Oh, wait.
  I'm flying into Milwaukee next week.
  Wisconsin to visit my friend.
  Oh, you are?  Yeah, no, I'm not joking.
  Oh, how far is a little US?  Look it up.
  I don't know.
  Oh, man.
  You go on earthquake.
  Mike uses chase points to go on the dogpatch.
  That would be awesome.
  I got to go visit earthquake.
  Magoon.
  Immediately killed.
  I think your weight would be too much.
  You're far too tall for this.
  You'd have to punch your way out of the screen.
  That's a good point.
  What's a cause?  How do you spell little USA?  I just put a K in there.
  A little America.
  C and K or just K?  C and K, yes.
  OK.
  That's why it's like the Russian.
  Yeah, more like that.
  I shouldn't imply racism.
  Well, it could be.
  It could.
  I don't want to discount the possibility.
  The park is just an indictment of the United States.
  This place is weird.
  It's all little parody scenes.
  God.
  You think this country is going to find this?  Yeah, you'll figure it out.
  It's like a whole park that's an editorial cartoon.
  All the trash cans are labeled trash can.
  Trash can.
  Yeah, everything is labeled.
  Senate, the Senate, the clowns in Congress.
  Or is it from the other?  Is it like abortion clinic?  Oh, God.
  Every corner.
  Oh, it's an indictment of liberal America.
  Oh, maybe.
  That's interesting.
  Oh, you were thinking it's a parody.
  Little America.
  Oh, no.
  I was like, you know, it's.
  But yeah, an indictment of liberal America  would also be great.
  That's another little theme.
  That's a little theme park you could do.
  Well, that's maybe what Heritage USA almost turned into,  which we will come around to in a little bit.
  Oh, my God.
  There's so much to talk about.
  We haven't even gotten to Heritage.
  So much to talk.
  I'm assuming you have the full ownership history.
  I do.
  Oh, that's where it starts getting fun.
  So I'll start blasting through some other stuff.
  OK.
  So they opened this park.
  It immediately does not do as well  as they think it's going to do.
  In the documentary, they talk to Al Cap's son, who says,  the day it opened, I called my brother, and I said,  this is a mistake.
  There's no easy way to get here.
  It's not on the interstate.
  It's got to compete with Silver Dollar.
  They opened it before I was ready.
  This thing's headed for a fall.
  All of those things were right.
  All of it was correct.
  I guess it went for a while, though.
  But it did, yeah.
  It's like 35 years.
  We've covered things on the show that were open for eight  months.
  This thing made it a long time.
  Yeah.
  35 years.
  It's still healthy enough in the 80s where you had a nice time  there.
  I remember the dancing.
  I remember vaguely character people.
  But I don't know what they were.
  But it was just people with augmented features.
  You know what I mean?  Heavily augmented.
  I don't remember that.
  I don't remember that.
  But I remember the wigs and the big, bright blue jeans  and the checkered, the gingham.
  Oh, yeah.
  OK, OK.
  Would they talk to you or put on shows?  I remember there were dancing shows and stuff.
  And they would come out and do the whole theme park  performance thing of Abner, whatever it was.
  I'm filling it in.
  But I just remember the noise sensation.
  The most playing out.
  You better get in.
  That kind of stuff.
  Well.
  Stop hand-pegging me.
  We should just write the stage show.
  Yeah, just for fun.
  Yeah, we can do it in 15 minutes.
  Is the CW one just called Abner?  No, it's called Dog Patch.
  It's called Dog Patch.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Good point.
  The Patch.
  The Patch is good, too.
  Yeah.
  So it's doing poorly.
  From the beginning.
  As soon as it opens.
  Barely surviving for 35 years is awesome.
  Instantly.
  That's torture.
  That's hell.
  Yeah, I know.
  It should have been put out of its misery.
  I want to meet the one employee who  was there from the beginning and made it all the way through.
  I know.
  I got it in years.
  We find that in theme parks.
  People make the entire runs.
  I remember the head of Disneyland marketing  started as a churro salesman in 1971.
  Well, that was one of those situations.
  He was the head of marketing for Disneyland.
  He was a very nice guy.
  You could really go all the way.
  He went all the way up, man.
  OK, really quick.
  Because you work for Disney marketing,  as did we both for a little while.
  That's a whole other thing.
  Don't have time.
  Got to get to Kickapoo.
  But did you ever go into Imagineering  and see some secret that is now a thing they have open?  I went to the Imagineering archives.
  So that's in Glendale.
  And it's in a very nondescript building  that looks like a library, like a one-story library.
  You could drive right up to it.
  Yeah, but they had all the old stuff.
  It's just in storage.
  The painting behind Walt Disney that they would  have on the Disneyland show.
  Jeez.
  And how that, when you turned a different light on it,  it would be the park at night.
  And that was painted in like, 54.
  Which is like, I don't know how they even did that.
  And it was painted on wood.
  Art that could work as a night scape that glowed?  It would become the park at night  when you hit different light with it.
  Those old painters were no joke.
  Because we've talked about how the guys who  did the backgrounds in the movies, then just,  if you'd like, I did the backgrounds in Alice in Wonderland  the movie.
  And I did the ride.
  I did the same thing 12 feet bigger than.
  Yeah.
  I think when we walked away from Disney,  we had our problems.
  But I had such an incredible respect for Disneyland  and Disney World.
  I even get kind of offended when people are like, oh,  Disneyland.
  I want to take my kid there.
  I want to take him.
  I'm like, it's an actual incredible experience.
  I mean, blood was shed for this park.
  Right?  As good as it is.
  Yeah.
  Well, look what can happen to a theme park.
  Look how it can decay in the nature.
  This feels more like a mercenary venture.
  This is a guy with a trout pond being like, I want more.
  What is it?  I don't know.
  Little Abner?  Well, but so I think what happened  was the guy who opened it, and this guy, OJ Snow, was smart.
  He said, we did OK this first summer.
  I think we should take the money we earned  and put it back into the park.
  And then the other investors were like, no, give it to us,  please.
  So they were depleting funds right away.
  Oh, god.
  It was one summer.
  That's all we were in for.
  And in order.
  Summer of 68.
  That's plenty.
  People need theme parks.
  They probably did that summer.
  That was a bad year.
  So it was a very bad summer.
  Speaking of bad stuff at the time,  if we weren't depressing enough as it is,  they brought in a guy to be the president of Dogpash  to take it into its second year.
  Who did they bring in?  But former Arkansas governor Orval Faubus.
  He's less fun than Jubilation T Cornpone  because he's the governor who refused  to comply with Brown versus Board of Education  and stopped nine African-American students  from entering Little Rock High School.
  They were called the Little Rock Nine.
  He is the governor who said, send the guards,  make sure they don't get into the high school.
  And they had to be ushered in.
  So this is 1969.
  Probably the summer after, right?  I don't remember when this event happened, but in 69.
  No, but no, 69 when he was made president.
  He's made president of Dogpash.
  So this is very fresh.
  Yeah, really recent.
  In people's minds.
  Yes.
  Like I was saying, if it was.
  The Norman Rockwell painting.
  It's reached the heartland.
  Yeah.
  Story.
  And they're like, this guy.
  Yes.
  He's untainted.
  And people got a good enough feeling about Orville Faubus.
  Like if there was a park called Fun Time Good World USA,  we'd meet your president, Stephen Miller.
  Yeah, like that's so.
  What's that guy Stephen Miller doing?  You know what he should do?  He should be in charge of Tomorrowland.
  That'd be fun.
  He's the new mayor of Main Street.
  Mayor of Main Street.
  In four years.
  I don't think that's that impossible, no.
  Spicers on goddamn.
  Dancing with the Stars.
  Where Rick Perry was on it before he became secretary of energy.
  That's right.
  Oh my god.
  So it's like, OK, let's just pick him.
  Whatever you want, man.
  Kellyanne.
  See, Kellyanne was like a character.
  She was like an SNL person.
  She's not a real person who's contributing  to the rise of fascism.
  She'll be the one that's mayor of Main Street.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Actually, yeah.
  She seems harmless enough.
  She's like, I'm just about having fun now.
  I'm excited to join the Disney family.
  I'm having a great time.
  It's going to be nice.
  The cookie smell.
  My goodness.
  Stop asking.
  Everything's fine on Main Street.
  Really don't see that explosion.
  God, the horses are doing great.
  That's how they've always walked.
  Horses walk limp.
  Horses cry all the time.
  But this guy only was the president for he left within the year  to unsuccessfully run for governor again, which he did.
  Well, he was given a platform by Dogpatch.
  To be fair, he was like, this is my moment.
  Yeah.
  You got to seize it.
  Let's become governor again.
  He's like, I could be a real politician again.
  He tried two more times to become governor of Arkansas  and failed both times.
  The last time he was defeated in 1986 by one Bill Clinton.
  So he dovetails right into.
  I mean, I don't want to assume anything,  but Clinton must have just had that nailed if that's  the guy he was running against.
  Well, I think it was like 69 to 30.
  Right.
  But I mean, you could have put up.
  I don't want to give Arkansas too much credit,  but you could have put up anybody at that point.
  You could have put up Abner.
  You could have put up a little Abner.
  He's not only like a political loser,  but also infamous as far as American politicians go.
  A villain.
  So all you have to do is say Little Rock Nine.
  He's a little bit charismatic.
  I wonder if people came up to him at Dogpatch  and were like, Little Rock Nine.
  Little Rock Nine, I remember.
  They would have disliked him by then.
  Just throwing the Kickapoo Juice on him?  Hey, fuck you.
  Is that piss?  No, it's Kickapoo Joy Juice.
  This guy threw piss on me.
  That's our juice.
  I wish it had been piss.
  I wish it had been piss.
  I dreamed of piss.
  Kickapoo Juice, you'd wish it had been piss.
  This doesn't burn through your clothes like Kickapoo Joy Juice  does.
  It's pure alcohol.
  Yeah.
  It evaporates in the air.
  I don't end up with holes.
  You can't look directly at it.
  Why is the bottle shaking?  I didn't say, by the way, that Kickapoo Joy Juice is only  available in Singapore, Malaysia, Brunei, Cambodia,  and Bangladesh.
  Wait, today?  What?  It still is?  I'm sorry, and you can buy it at specialty stores,  like fun little soda shops.
  Oh, so it's still bottled in mate?  Can you get it at Rocket Fizz over in Burbank?  I thought about getting it at Rocket Fizz,  but there's too much to talk about.
  Damn, oh my god.
  I thought about doing a Kickapoo Joy Juice.
  So there's one product that's still out there.
  Yeah, Kickapoo.
  I don't know that it was ever super affiliated with the park.
  I've seen this can before.
  Really?  You've run into Kickapoo Joy Juice?  Yeah, at least on the racks at the old soda shops.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah, here it is.
  It is at Rocket Fizz.
  Did you check?  Yeah, we could get it down the street.
  Yeah, I thought about doing it on the way,  but Kickapoo Joy Juice.
  There's so much coming.
  You just stay tuned, everybody, because holy shit.
  I'm going to try to pick up the pace here.
  But it's the most popular in Bangladesh.
  Interesting.
  It's like the Faygo of Bangladesh for ICP fans.
  Yeah.
  I'm going to try it.
  So things are going badly.
  Orville left.
  The energy crisis begins.
  Oh, that's right.
  And so people are struggling to have the gas to make it  to all the way off the interstate.
  You got to go off the freeway to Highway 11.
  Oh, wow, jeez.
  Is that what it is, Highway 11?  I think that's what it is.
  Could be.
  That sounds right.
  And then Al Cap dies.
  They stop making the comic strips,  so the property is no longer relevant.
  The rural purge happens.
  We don't care about Pekah Junction anymore.
  1980, the worst heat wave in Arkansas history.
  So many events are putting nails in the coffin.
  How do we turn it around?  Let's get Uncle Jesse from the Dukes of Hazzard.
  That's right.
  I read about this.
  They got Uncle Jesse.
  That's his plan.
  Even in the Wikipedia article, they're  like, popular country artist.
  I'm like, really?  Really?  Maybe.
  Did he sing the song?  That's got to be like an instrument or way.
  No, that's Waylon Jennings.
  That's legit.
  Outlaw country.
  I mean, that's what was going on around that time, though.
  But it's like, really?  The Dukes of Hazzard guy?  Yeah, yeah.
  When is this whole other wave happening?  And we're doing this like still TV.
  Like Willie Nelson Prime.
  There's a much cooler way to do country now.
  I see, I see.
  So culture's not lining up with this place.
  Branson's taking off.
  Branson.
  So many reasons people are leaving.
  And in 1991, they don't want to keep paying the cap estate.
  And the place closes permanently in 1993.
  Then what?  Because it's still there.
  Goes fallow for like just untouched.
  That must be the end of interesting, funny, weird,  horrible things, right?  You survived podcast the right way.
  Wait a minute, hang on.
  So I'm not really sure what happens until 2002.
  I'm not quite clear on who owns it.
  But pre-internet though, so it's great.
  So it can just sit there and no one knows what it is.
  So no one's going, hey, what ever happened to Dogpatch?  Unless they're on like a Usenet group.
  So it's like this is.
  Alt.
land.
dogpatch.
  .
nu.
  Yeah, like people aren't, no one's talking about this anymore.
  It just went away.
  Yeah, yeah, probably.
  And now you've got your Facebook group.
  No one remembers that Falbus was once president of it.
  Like it's just gone.
  Long forever.
  And I remember the entrance.
  It's literally recessed from the road.
  So it's just the sign in that like insane leafy green canopy  off a random highway.
  So like no one gives a shit.
  And so when maybe if they took the sign down ever,  then there's no way to know what the hell it is.
  I don't think they did, or maybe the one to the road they did,  but the big entrance sign was still there.
  Maybe that always did.
  So no one knew.
  Do you remember taking, it seems like at one point  you had to park above the park and take a funicular down to it?  Whoa.
  I don't remember that.
  No, that's one of those.
  I feel like I came across it.
  Like angels fly like the.
.
.
  Vertical or diagonal trains?  Yeah, the diagonal train.
  That's incredible.
  No, I don't remember that.
  Wild.
  Well, and yet the internet.
.
.
  I just remember a lot of hot landscape.
  Like that's what I remember.
  I believe that.
  Like hot lake.
  I like the details.
  Hot dirt paths.
  The shops, like artisan crafts.
  Hot cabins.
  Honey, fudge.
  Like how quickly did the fudge just dissolve in your hand?  I remember the food.
  The food and the shows.
  I don't know why that.
.
.
  And the paddle boats.
  You think food was good?  I mean, your trout was probably excellent.
  I think it was just like trashy, like kiddie food.
  Yeah, you know what I mean?  Like the fudge.
  But she was a six-year-old.
  It sounds like a lot of fun.
  Yeah, I mean, like probably from the age of.
.
.
  I'm trying to remember where my grandparents moved down there,  but it was probably from like the age of three to six.
  So I went there.
  Enough.
  That's a lot of your.
.
.
  That's a lot of times in a.
.
.
  Yeah, but it's also in that like last stage of infantile amnesia.
  So like I just think it's just vast pockets are gone.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  But not dog.
  Well, like dog page itself, I guess.
  Vast pockets are.
.
.
  It's all slowly dissolving.
  So in 2002, the owners are fed up.
  We got to get rid of this place.
  They tried to sell the land on eBay for a flat million dollars.
  2002 eBay.
  Early eBay.
  Yeah, like that's incredible.
  That's audacious.
  That's audacious as having a trout farm and being like,  I'm going to turn this into a.
.
.
  This would be a theme park way off the highway.
  So million dollars on eBay, not a single bidder.
  That's what we got.
  But maybe the platform wasn't adopted.
  People weren't adopting.
  Like, yeah.
  How would you know to.
.
.
  Yeah, so search theme park highest price.
  Do you think it'd be snatched up like within 24 hours today on eBay?  Well, it depends.
  What's around that?  What's around.
.
.
  Crazy stuff has gone off eBay, right?  Yeah, for sure.
  But like is the land around there maybe valuable?  Do we know what's.
.
.
  Is anything sprung up around Dogpatch?  I don't think so because they've had so much trouble selling this place.
  Yeah, that's true.
  So if they.
.
.
  Like still today.
  So yeah, I don't think any.
.
.
  Like it's not like a target is near it now.
  Let me just look up maybe.
  There's a lot of new money and dark money out there.
  I'm going to look up.
.
.
  I'm just going to look up bland on eBay.
  We got a target.
  Oh yeah, can you buy just property?  Highest price land.
  Now any part of Los Angeles for a million dollars goes in three seconds.
  OK, so I'm just getting here.
.
.
  It is funny that Mike has not gotten into land speculation yet.
  Well, I don't know if land speculation is really interesting.
  You have to be.
.
.
  I'm going to miss a second.
  I was listening.
  Sell us, yeah, sell us.
  But there's something really interesting about land speculation.
  So obviously I get into doomsday spirals as we all do.
  Oh yeah, that's what I'm doing.
  I'm looking into buying land.
  Oh sure.
  I just found random land.
  This is also like, you know, we start putting money away for my kids' college.
  And there's just five to nine loans.
  And I'm like, is this like the best use?  And it's very constricted.
  Uh-huh.
  I was like, what if I just bought a piece of land for my kids?  And that'll appreciate land.
  It may be very crucial.
  But they will.
.
.
  You will get screwed on land all the time by like.
.
.
  You go, say you want to buy like a hundred acres.
  You have to go out there and survey it because there may be no access  to the land.
 It might be a hundred acres just like in the middle of the woods.
  And if you don't have right of way passes already guaranteed through other  people's land, you cannot put any road to it.
  Right.
  Oh, you have to ask permission to drive across the road.
  Yeah.
 Or you can get a hundred acres, but it's it's it's in like a line.
  Like literally like in a line.
  It's like a hundred acres, six hundred thousand, you know, like right in the middle  of upstate New York.
 And it's like in a line.
  Which is super weird.
  It's the longest driveway.
  Because of like hundreds of years of land deals, it's like this family had this  and this company had this.
  And then, well, right in the middle there, there's like a hundred acres in a straight line.
  I was looking at like plots.
  I was looking at I was like, well, would it be cheaper to build a house in Los Angeles?  I was like, what's this?  I can't imagine either.
  But I was looking like, I wonder how much they're selling plots of land.
  So I'm looking through like Silver Lake and there's plots.
  But then there'd be like a plot that's just in the middle of a bunch of houses.
  And I'm like, I bet you can't build a house on that land.
  I'm sure the permits are insane.
 Yeah.
  There was a story a few years ago in L.
A.
  Someone moved a house, which used to be very common back in the day.
  They picked up a house over more towards like Hollywood, West Hollywood,  and moved it to Los Feliz.
  And you just put it on a truck.
  You just put the house on a flatbed truck and drive it at three in the morning,  four in the morning when there's no cars on the road.
  And then you just put it down.
  Sounds easy enough that like for now, it in 2019.
  That's like an oddly enough like, you know, what do they do with like  the foundation or something like, how do you get it?  I think you get it off the foundation.
  You lay a new one and then you lay the new one.
  You see, it's an easy thing.
  Like, you will get it.
  Yeah, I'll just say there's a ton of land on eBay.
  Really? Oh, I heard results from Arkansas.
  All right.
  Arkansas land.
 You're going to get it.
  You're going to get dog patch dog patch might be on there.
  Maybe.
 Yeah.
  What if it just went up like an hour ago?  It's a new Zillow listing.
  The twist ending.
  We bought dog patch during the dog patch episode.
  We had it this entire time.
  Building a building lot in Arkansas, Cherokee Village open to trade, it says,  but it's listed at eighteen thousand nine hundred ninety nine dollars.
  But they will accept the best offer.
  Can we use a coin from the world of Zalem  from the Alita Battle Angel?  Is that a good trade?  I will make that request.
  I will.
 Something we want in a game.
  Let's see what the cheapest Arkansas land we could buy.
  I was like, what? Yeah, it's a movie.
  Well, we can just bid on  point one six three acres in Arkansas.
  And the bid is at a dollar thirty right now.
  One six three acres.
  Yeah.
 So that's probably I'm trying to think about.
  I'm going to figure out how many square feet.
  I don't know.
 Yeah.
  Wow.
 Secluded point to three.
  But I just do the math.
  It's it's five times bigger than any home.
  Any of us will.
 Oh, point.
  Fifteen acres in Little Rock is thirty seven dollars up to right now.
  There's wow golf course lot for sale in Fairfield Bay.
  Up to two hundred dollars.
  Wow.
 Why are we bothering with a podcast when the real money is Arkansas  span of land?  Real estate.
  This is this is how an episode of justify starts.
  And then Raylin given that has to avenge us.
  Seventy one hundred square feet.
  Well, that's a very, very, very, very, very large.
  That's a ton.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And that's a very big house.
  That's probably like an eight bedroom.
  Should I buy it for thirteen dollars?  You know, by the way, you should point on the episode.
  But you're going to need to read some land access.
  You got to have road access.
  Feels like a scheme.
  Papi Yocum would get into that lay about these L.
A.
  These L.
A.
  idiots, they're all they're doing podcasts all the time.
  They won't even read the fine print.
  They'll just buy a land.
  Yeah, you won't give it to you.
  With a catch.
  It's so you dig like an inch in and it's nothing but snakes.
  Pure limestone.
  You fly down to see it.
  You're immediately arrested because they think podcast is a type of  unbuildable, unbuildable land.
  Thirty seven dollars.
  I don't know.
 You guys are going to be really embarrassed.
  I'm a land fair in Arkansas.
  I'm just saying, don't do it while we're recording.
  There might be one thing you need to read.
  I just bought three, three, three lots.
  Do a quantity.
 Yeah.
  It's somehow a sinkhole, but also combustible.
  It's all that also explodes full of dangerous gas.
  But why go to all that trouble  when there's a much easier way to get a bunch of land in Arkansas?  And I think we all know upon this story.
  So I think you did too.
  So in in 2005, 17 year old Pruitt Nance  was driving an ATV through the former dog patch property.
  Nance said he had permission from the owners to tour the property.
  So he's driving his ATV around.
  And then he collides neck first with a length of tight wire  strung between two trees.
  And he is nearly decapitated.
  How the hell and he lived.
  He lived.
  How the hell do you live through near decapitation?  It's why is it seems like the one that's like I was scrolling like he's alive.
  Is he alive?  Like, but then it was like medical damages.
  And I was like, that sounds like he's alive.
  Mm hmm.
  I don't like they just put  Ronda Rousey almost lost her finger shooting Fox's 9-1-1.
  And like it was like severed.
  So the idea that like your head is half and like that's like,  I don't know how much neck can you lose?  That's my question.
  Yeah, it's like it's going through like it's it's stopping at the at the spine.
  Yeah, right.
 Probably right.
  I guess so.
  Or the wind block like bouncing back a little bit like why  like you can't call it decapitation if it stops at the windpipe.
  Yeah, it's the legal definition.
  Sorry, quit not to derail this quick question.
  What is going on on the set of Fox's 9-1-1 that their stunt  casting choice gets her fingers sliced off?  The biggest guest star coup is almost she caught her hand in like a door of a boat.
  Do you know that's how Neil Armstrong lost a finger?  He caught his pinky ring in the tailgate of a truck  as he was jumping out the back and it ripped it off.
  Oh, man.
 Moon landing or post?  I think post.
 Yes, definitely post.
  And Jimmy Fallon caught his ring finger on the corner of his counter  and almost lost his finger and he was ripped the finger off completely.
  And then almost the same thing happened like a month later.
  But anyway, he's fine.
  And his rule is tonight show host is totally things.
  Fine.
 Everything's fine.
  Everything's normal, folks.
  We're all having a regular one.
  So so everybody be careful with your fingers and your necks.
  This man lived anyway.
  So Nance, so Nance, old Nance.
  I don't know how it played out.
  And I don't think I want to see any pictures or no further information.
  But here's what we do know.
  I was looking at this case.
  I strung the wire up.
  This I want to see there.
  And I saw comments essentially saying like, like, oh, this this place can pretend  that's not what they were trying to do.
  But like I'm from Arkansas.
  I know if you don't want people missing with your property,  you put up a bunch of wires.
 Right.
  So I think they were intended to try to.
  Yeah, I was also thinking that near decapitation  could have been language in the lawsuit.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And he was nearly decapitated.
  Right.
 Which means like probably he could have been decapitated.
  He probably had a severing of an artery or something bad.
  It could have like broken through the front of it.
  It hit him.
 He's bleeding real bad injury.
  But being like if he had been traveling five more miles an hour.
  Right.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Maybe that's a medical legal classification.
  Like a lot of Indiana Jones minecar kind of stuff.
  Like if he hadn't ducked right then, right.
  He was nearly he could write the temple.
  Indiana Jones versus the Temple of Doom.
  It's just legal proceedings.
  Temple Henry Jones, Jr.
 V.
  The temple and caught palace.
  We call to the stand short.
  So the goes this case goes all the way up to the Arkansas Supreme Court.
  He is awarded six hundred fifty thousand dollars in damages.
  And because the owners can't pay this in full, instead, they give him the land.
  They just give him the deed, right?  He gets the deed.
  You try you almost get decapitated on dog patch and then now you own dog.
  It's that easy, folks.
  So that's what you do.
  Go try to set up a decapitation scheme.
  You don't have to pay for it.
  Try to wire yourself, but don't forget to pay the thirty seven dollars.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Please save the thirty seven dollars.
  Just go to the Arkansas Supreme Court.
  That's what I'll do instead.
  I'm doing the Supreme Court.
  Rig up wire, a length of wire like it's a level from the game Hitman.
  It's a mission in Hitman where you have to rig up.
  Give me his name again.
 What's the kid's name?  The kid's name is Pruitt Nance.
  And that is a PRUETT.
  They were supposed to get hundreds of thousands of dollars  that was just never paid to them.
  Instead, they just gave him the land.
  So he owns the land now.
  No, not anymore.
  Not anymore.
 For a while.
  And I missed the last one.
  I find no there's no information I can find about what happened  when the 17 year old owned the land.
 Did it turn into it?  Was it a blank check S.
  Crump? I don't know.
  Was it as fun as Bart owning the factory in the Simpsons?  So you're 17 in what year?  That was just 2005.
  2005.
 Yeah, there's a picture of him.
  He's fine.
 He just has like a wicked kind of cool scar.
  And he's actually like a handsome looking kid.
  Look at it.
  Hey, yeah.
 He just has like kind of a cool.
  It almost looks like a tattoo.
  Definitely hit the neck.
  Yeah, he's got like a kind of badass scar.
  It's kind of cool.
  Yeah, it almost looks like a birthmark.
  And he's wearing sunglasses.
  Like he's like kind of a hip dude.
  I think he's on Twitter.
  Pruitt rules.
 Pruitt Nance, the fancy prance.
  He's on Twitter, guys.
  What? Yeah, he's on Twitter.
  He describes himself as the fancy prance.
  At the fancy prance.
 Oh, my God.
  All right.
 I'm following him up.
  OK, here is don't spend your life looking for a place called home.
  Make your skeleton the only structure you need.
  That's his bio.
 Bio.
  Oh, my God.
  Pruitt Nance.
 He only has 130 followers.
  Everybody follow Pruitt Nance.
  You will notice when everyone affiliated with a podcast  and the creator of a television series.
  He's going to hear this and be like, please.
  You guys were incredibly disrespectful of my injury.
  No, I mean, like I'm glad he's alive and he looks,  I mean, from social media and the Internet, he looks very happy and like  kind of a cool kid guy.
  He has a cool hairstyle.
  I like this.
 I like this dude.
  I'm a fan of his.
  He's got like a jokey kind of Twitter that seems kind of fun.
  Yeah, I know.
 I like his hand.
  Nothing offensive so far.
  Hell, yeah.
 Well, I hope he has some fun.
  Yeah, he's here.
  2 15 17.
 Be grateful.
  So tweet he had.
 Hey, he's putting nice things  out in the world on Twitter.
  Yeah, he's not getting into the poisonous atmosphere.
  He's on another Instagram company was trying to put some nice things  into the world.
  I don't know where the first thing that came up was USA.
  So the first thing that came up when I searched him was car LLC V  Prance, the lawsuit.
 Oh, right.
  Oh, OK.
 I see.
 OK.
  OK, so then then we end up with the caves are owned by somebody named Steve Rush.
  He tries to sell just the caves on eBay and fails.
  So multiple eBay sales caves are cool, though, I will say.
  I just went to a cave.
  Can I? Can you find a cave?  I went to the space cavern in Austin or in Georgetown.
  And it was awesome.
  Well, yeah, I bet we went deep down in there and then they turned the lights off.
  They're like, and now we're going to turn the lights off and you can't.
  And then and then the tour guide, for some reason, even though we had kids  in the tour said, do you know those boys that were trapped in that cave for so long?  This is what they saw for 16 days.
  And I was like, OK, thank you for telling my six year old son that.
  Oh, my God.
 He's just here to see the stalagmites and the stalactites.
  But thanks.
  Good to know.
  I get it.
 They saw this pure darkness for 16 days.
  Oh, my God.
 OK.
  Right.
 So cool.
 Thanks.
  We go get lunch at Panera now.
  There's a gift store on the way out.
  And he gives all the license plates.
  No, there's like a man cave you can buy.
  Oh, for that man cave.
  It's one man cave.
  You can buy like they call it mobile office, tiny home.
  She like the man cave or she shed.
  Oh, the she shed.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, it's a commercial.
  Yeah.
 She for sale.
 One man cave.
  I've never worn she shed.
  It looks like the thing that the  if the last season of Better Call Saul, they have the guys building the meth lab.
  Oh, yeah.
 That little indoor hang zone.
  Yeah.
 Uh huh.
  But no, like fun theme park caves.
 Yeah.
  I could see having a little fun at that place.
  Yeah.
 Maybe not months and months.
 No.
  OK.
 So I got to sell it on eBay.
  Then in 2014, the park was sold again,  this time to a guy named Bud Pelzor, who invented the Buddy Bowl,  a spill proof dog bowl.
  And there are videos on YouTube where he teaches you  how to make ice cream treats out of his dog dishes.
  Wait, what?  Like he mixes up like ice cream floats in the dog dish because it doesn't spill.
  It should.
 Yeah.
  He should just does he have a whole line of spill proof bowls?  Or is it only the dog stuff? Yeah.
  How the hell is that possible?  He's got the technology.
  Think big like the trout guy.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Spread it out.
 This is other lines.
  Yeah.
 Unspillable.
  This is why Shark Tank would not invest because  it's a very niche market.
  So he's like, if you don't have a dog, buy this bowl and you can make ice cream in it.
  Your own dog.
 I'm buying one.
  This is a product.
  This is a product for everyone, not just dog owners.
  You can be a single childless,  petless person and still enjoy the Buddy Bowl.
  Dual income, no kids.
  Unspillable dog bowl, ice cream.
  This is a good date night.
  Kind of brighten up your yeah, your honey.
  Can you still buy an ice cream?  So you're giving your wife the dog bowl and then being like and being like, no,  but this is for ice cream.
  It's for us.
 Don't get upset.
  No, no, this is for us.
  No, it's not.
  And that's not the dog bowl for your birthday.
  Well, it's not difficult to navigate.
  So it's a really thoughtful gift.
  You're going to love it.
  Should I describe your name on it?  Would that make you like it more?  You use it once and then it goes in the top shelf of the cabinet  and is thrown away when you die.
  Yeah.
 And it's still like the  the extra NutriBullet.
  Oh, yeah.
 The second the wedding.
  The one that you got in the parents take that back.
  It's still in the box.
  All right.
  You can get land on eBay.
  Put a NutriBullet on it.
  There's a dog on the front of the bowl who's like  like showcasing the logo with his paw here.
  That's pretty good.
  Check it out.
  Look, dogs can't point.
  Yeah, that's not correct.
  OK, so now to get to this,  I'll try to keep this quick because we've been going for a while.
  But now let me ask, let me ask a bigger question.
  Who was the the most problematic person never to run dog patch USA?  Was it the racist governor?  Was it the man who eats dessert out of dog bowls?  Was it the multiple people who tried and failed to sell it on eBay?  Was it the nearly decapitated 17 year old?  It was not him.
 Right.
 It wasn't.
  And he fucking probably should have had.
  You should have kept it.
 Yeah, I know.
  I think it'd be a cooler place.
 Although I get selling it.
  What am I going to do with this?  Seventeen hundred acres of rust.
  Yeah, we're nearly decapitated where people keep cash.
  People keep breaking in and stealing like little like shards of glass from it.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Spray painted probably with horrible things and just like, thanks so much.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  He doesn't.
 There's a real dickheaded thing to do, actually, to think about it,  where it's like we almost killed this kid and we're going to give him  that we're going to offload this awful albatross.
  Oh, but your own property.
  Terrible land.
  Stared mortality in the eye.
  You could have that place where you almost died forever.
  Thanks.
  You should actually get him.
  You should get him on the podcast.
  Yeah, I'm sure maybe you would do it.
  Maybe you don't want to talk about it.
  Yeah, we like to be like, we really called him out.
  I feel like we really called him out.
  Yeah, we love you and we're glad you're alive.
  I know.
 Yeah, he's awesome.
  Clearly.
 Yeah.
 But you're dead.
  Do you want 20 rusted out sheds?  No, I'm sure you give me the cash.
  So after all that, the answer to who was the worst donor is none of the above,  because, well, technically, the land was leased  by an entity called Heritage USA.
  Heritage USA makes us, oh, John Binkowski, the owner of Hard Rock Park.
  Many, many rounds of apology.
  Heritage USA.
 So in 2017, they lease the land and they take it over.
  Now, if that land, if that name sounds familiar to you, Heritage USA,  if you if you know weird theme park bullshit, you might be thinking, wait a minute.
  You mean Jim Baker's weird religious theme park that was open in the 80s  where he did live TV and broadcast from?  No, no, no.
 Different company.
  Unrelated.
 Seemingly just took the name without permission,  just like wanted to make that association.
  And why don't I let a video describe what  Heritage USA is all about?  Wait, do I have the right one? Here we go.
  Let's let Heritage USA explain itself.
  Heritage USA is a dynamic family entertainment,  multimedia resorts and property development company  whose focus is on celebrating America.
  Our mission is truth, the truth of American exceptionalism  and the truth that has enabled us to face our challenges and rise above adversity.
  This is over some of the worst graphics you ever seen,  one of the worst fonts you're seeing, then just random footage of jets.
  It has nothing to do with what they've done.
  And I also think the guy's voice sounds pitch shifted even lower.
  It's like if you took Sam Elliott and cranked it down.
  Put five hundred thousand dollars in a duffel bag, leave it in the vestibule.
  Your daughter is fine.
  Your daughter is fine.
 You'll see her soon.
  She's a low shot of the best.
 She's an American.
  She's an American.
 She's resilient.
 She's exceptional.
  The way to ingratiate yourself to a community and this beloved land  that people are fond of is to sound as much like a kidnapper as possible.
  So and now we've learned that this is this entity  that's taking over old dogpatch is about American exceptionalism.
  There's a bio that goes on and on and on.
  So concerned about the desecration of American historical sites  and the rise of anti-American sentiment within America's entertainment culture.
  Oh, yeah.
 All the Hollywood elite.
  Here we go.
  Guys in this room, a team of hundreds of writers,  directors, producers, musicians, animators, imagineers.
  They just took the one other term.
 You can't do that.
  Yeah, that's known.
  That's they uncapitalized it.
  That doesn't make it a copyright.
  And business professionals with over 40 years experience altogether.
  40 years, hundreds of people of 40 years.
  If you totaled up hundreds of people, it'd be like it would have two thousand years.
  You would have unless none of them have that much experience.
  They'll have six months experience.
  Over 40 years, it was like we started in 1979.
  It's pretty.
 Yes.
  Four years, not that long ago.
  A hundred acres in a line, baby.
  The last Gen Xers.
  Still religious.
  The only religious Gen Xers.
  As religious Gen Xers.
  We came together to establish Heritage USA to celebrate American exceptionalism.
  They say hundreds, but I think that it is all just one man.
  And this man is named David Hare.
  Oh, David.
  Where do I begin with David Hare?  So David Hare seemed to have another company before this.
  His previous company was called the Las Vegas Broadcasting Company.
  They have a website that does not work.
  And their last post on their Facebook is from over a year ago.
  And it's apologizing for their Roku channel not working.
  He moved his operations from Las Vegas Broadcasting Company to Heritage USA.
  And after.
  So I found that video that I just showed you the mission statement of Heritage USA.
  And there was a lot on this YouTube channel.
  It was a pretty robust Heritage USA YouTube channel.
  I didn't know what to click on, where to begin.
  Why don't I just dive right into the middle of the story with a video called  Do It Talk Three Moving Forward, period the challenge.
  Now, one thing to note is there is no do it talk one or two.
  We jump straight to three.
  Those have been removed for terms of service violation.
  Very possibly, yes.
  So I just want you guys to meet David Hare, the way that I met David Hare.
  And I think do it talk three gives you the best view of like this of this man  and what he's about and how and his level of organization.
  I should note that this guy, he makes a lot of videos and always.
  There's a lot of differences between the videos.
  They're all very lengthy.
  No one is joining him.
  He's just talking in a microphone for a very long time.
  Sometimes he's in front of a painting of WC fields.
  Sometimes he's in a digital green screen environment  with just like fireworks going off in the background.
  But always the commonality, always a Diet Coke in front of them.
  But here now to talk about moving forward, do it talk three, David Hare.
  Well, this is do it talk number three.
  And this is the fourth time that we've done do it talk number three.
  We've had some technical difficulties.
  So rather than, you know, keep contending with that,  we decided to go one camera for this talk because it's a rather important.
  You could cut this.
 Cut it.
  I have a letter here from our attorney.
  Take a look.
 Not the attorney that you originally met, but a law firm  that represents the corporation that I would love to read to you.
  And I could probably I could probably basically  wrap this up if I could kind of use this letter.
  I can't.
 I've been told not to, so I won't.
  But I am going to read you one half sentence from it.
  What? What's the sentence?  Is it like I don't see?  Sam's interesting.
  What I elsewhere.
  OK, so that video and he says at the beginning, I want to be brief.
  I want to get right to it.
  But then he talks for 16 more minutes.
  And it has things in it like, is it doomsday?  No, no, it's not.
  And anybody saying that on the Facebook, I resent that it is not every video.
  And then that one's a short one.
  He has hour long videos.
  So I'm just going on and on pinning down like what is what is he doing?  What is the company?  What is he? What's his like belief system?  What is it?  Scatter shot insane.
  OK, I think this is a guy who has he's been trying to be  like a media professional since the 80s.
  I found a like in various ways, he's been like a host of things on the Heritage  USA on the YouTube channel for this theme park that's coming out in 2020.
  Supposedly, there's a footage of him performing in a musical  that he seems to have written called Christmas is here.
  Oh, my God.
  Ninety.
 I don't have a clip of that.
  It's like if Alex Jones had a theme park and was a little.
  It's very Alex Jonesy and that he seems to be like switching careers.
  Right.
 He is a guy who just rambles on and can just unprompted  and who's getting into fights with nobody in these videos.
  I found a pilot that he made in 1989.
  There's someone that I will not mention that this really reminds me of  that you also know.
  I'm sorry to do that on the podcast, but it's somebody we  we filmed some of their content for them.
  Oh, oh, oh, oh.
  I also put my fist through the wall of their stage.
  I mean, it's something that made you so mad that one day we walked.
  I walked into work and there was a flat.
  Oh, no, I put a C-stand through it.
  Yes, there is a C-stand sized hole in the middle of the stage.
  Oh, you mean like you're saying a sort of scammy guy  who just tricks company after company, doesn't have a good sketchy meter.
  Self inflated.
  I know.
 I see.
  So you were talking.
  People kind of reminds me of Alki David.
  Oh, the billionaire.
  There's this weird guy we ran into who owns the hologram theater  on Hollywood Boulevard, and he's been sued for and lost  a sexual harassment lawsuit like a year ago and or no, this year.
  Very recently, he makes some of the scariest Instagram stories you've ever seen.
  That's all where he just like calls his wife a bitch and like, it's like, gee,  one of the grimest things you've ever.
  Yeah.
 But weird where you look into it.
  And when you look into somebody's history and like, huh,  I wonder if this person is owns 12 weird companies over the years.
  Not a good sign.
  So OK.
  And then he made a pilot for a show in the Dallas, Fort Worth area.
  I don't know if growing up, you caught the seemingly single episode of Family Jubilee.
  Nope.
  No, there is a special appearance from impressionist Fred Travelina.
  Oh, my gosh.
 They got traveling.
  They got traveling.
  We got traveling.
  You probably did, Reagan, Mr.
 Travelina.
  Mr.
 Travelina.
  So as Jason, as you were saying, he since the 80s has been  peddling around a character named Hubble Hare.
  Hubble Hare is in the logo of Heritage USA  and this footage from a long time ago of like a guy of a Hubble Hare suit.
  And you can only assume he's the one in the hubble.
  So he's been carting.
  He also seems to have come from Orange County.
  So this guy has just been doing weird media enterprise after weird media  enterprise, trying to make his character thing.
  He seems to have a real Walt complex.
  Like there's a video where he says, because we're doing it like the original did it.
  Walter.
  I'm going to say four shots in.
  Walter.
  Oh, I think Orange County, California has some of the weirdest,  darkest energy in the country.
  I buy that.
  Yeah, I see that.
  I see that for sure.
  Obviously, we love Anaheim and we're very excited for our show.
  The Anaheim Hotel, which is still to come.
  Yes, tomorrow.
  We're thrilled.
  But there are also like KKK stuff in Anaheim.
  Yes, I that's what I would.
  Still, yes.
  We were texting about like alcohol in Disney.
  And I I didn't want to get into this because I was, you know, with my family  and about to go to the beach.
  But I sort of alluded to like the some of the residents of Orange.
  But Orange County just seems like a powder keg to me because it's like a hotbed of  classes, like the highest of highs in terms of money and the lowest of lows.
  And there was a huge white nationalist presence.
  And then there is a massive entertainment complexes in the middle of it.
  And it always just makes me very nervous sometimes.
  Yeah, not in the Disney bubble.
  That's fine.
 But like I posted an Instagram one time of just saying how much I like  Orange County.
 And what I mean is like the resorty.
  I like I like the route that the Disney Resort, I like Newport Beach.
  I like like Top Shelf.
  Yeah, that side of things.
  You want to go?  I just went and wandered around like the Hyatt Regency in Huntington Beach  and had a great time, stuff like that.
  So I just posted Instagram like I love Orange County, man.
  Another great Orange County weekend.
  And a friend of mine texted me and said, are you talking about the same county  where my my family, my children and I were recently hassled on the beach  for being Jewish?  Like, there is weird.
  Yeah.
 And so I don't I don't think we're casting aspersions on all of Orange County.
  But I know you said there is weird, there are weird pockets, weird pockets.
  Totally plenty of normal people, plenty of weird pockets.
  Do you think this guy is is is like a huckster  who's just kind of changed things over the years and now he's kind of is he go?  Is he saying American exceptionalism because he knows that's kind of a thing right now?  And it's where like scrappy shady media is conservative media person.
  And I'll probably be readily embraced.
  I think so.
 And maybe also a hardcore Orange County like pub.
  I'm not sure.
 It doesn't seem to because there's nothing.
  I will say there's nothing in any of this stuff alluding to to hate or anything.
  Well, it's just the fighter jets and stuff.
  It's like it seems like that's appealing to a certain.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Well, and also what I think is that he's a guy who got pushed.
  He didn't like fit into the entertainment industry, like the mid the mainstream.
  Right.
 So he's blaming it on.
  Well, I guess they don't respect my values.
  And that's what happened because in this thing where he's supposed to be saying  what we're doing, the video should be I'm going to fix the merry-go-round next week.
  And instead, it's like we're going to build a studio and we're going to start making  animations.
 And he goes on and on and on wearing blazers that go like up to half of his arm.
  That's the most the strangest style.
  He he spends I feel crazy describing this.
  He describes how he's working on a show that's a little a little bit of an adult  animated show, kind of like The Simpsons or American Dad, where we're going to talk  about those people in Hollywood and remind them of the way they used to do it  and remind them of how their point of view isn't everyone's point of view.
  And he proceeds to play used to do it.
  I can see that's what bothers me.
  Yeah.
 That's leaning into like that.
  That's like code for when it was musicals with whites, you know, it's like,  when all minorities were suppressed and made invisible as labor  that was non-unionized or we would destroy their lives.
  And it was a little easier to beat your wife.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  It's just by show up on any set.
  When things were like the way Al Capran.
  Eddie Mannix would show up at your house and bring your windows if you didn't get to set on time.
  So then he shows a video and the video is called Hollywood.
  And in the video, he voices Carol Channing and Carol Channing.
  For some reason, he's really going contemporary.
  He's just really reaching for the edge.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And even says, kids, Google Carol Channing.
  She's a you know, she's a she used to talk like this and does a terrible Carol Channing impression.
  And she sings a song called You Were Wrong.
  No counterpoint.
  You were wrong.
  And it is a song about how like Hollywood people telling you your opinions.
  You know, it's this really like you got it wrong.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Don't tell me what to think again.
  I thought I was putting on a video about like and then the train track will cross through the new meadow that we're putting in nice new grass.
  Isn't it funny that the criticism is always like the content is lascivious, violent, over sexualized, disgusting, amoral.
  And then also preachy, progressive, opinionated, holier than thou, elitist, too academic.
  Where it's like, wait, it's almost like describe what would you make?  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, and what they often hear is like Dean Cain firefighter movies.
  That's what that's fine.
  They're fine.
  I'll take it.
  Yeah, at least really the firefighter movie people put their money where their mouth.
  But I also feel like 99 percent of stuff that Hollywood generates is also Dean Cain firefighter movies.
  Yes, it's actually higher quality.
  People are more experienced.
  But the Dean Cain ones are the ones that moralize for they like specific times to moralize.
  It's like, don't moralize.
  Like, get your politics out of my comics or my movies.
  Don't moralize this stuff.
  And it's also like, this is disgusting, prurient, content trash.
  But then so much of that trash is like, well, you know, the U.
S.
  Army paid for like half that movie.
  You had to get those tanks and jets from somewhere like.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm never sure what they're talking about, especially when it's like dancing with the star.
  Yeah, get this vile.
  Like the Navy, the Navy enlistment rates going up after Top Gun.
  Right.
 Same thing.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  Where it's like, what are we supposed to stand for?  Make me whatever you want to make me.
  Charles Manson quote.
  All right, I'm going to go.
  It's a pretty confused.
  It's a narrow window.
  Other quotes from this guy, you know, because I'm not sure it's widely understood within certain parts of the entertainment industry that the American flag is a good thing.
  So we're going to celebrate it.
  We're going to do it with fun.
  Do it with fun, he says.
  Literally, the movie skyscraper ends with the American flag being for all the taking up most of the movie with the biggest movie star.
  Spider-Man one.
  Spider-Man one.
  One of us with all of us.
  And then he goes up on the Washington monument in the new one.
  Yeah, the Washington monument.
  Yeah, he's talking about those Hollywood elites like Colin Kaepernick.
  I'm sick of Colin Kaepernick in his movies telling me where to put my.
  I want to make a Colin Kaepernick movie.
  He should be an action star.
  Yeah, he's not going to get drafted.
  No, I'm in a movie.
  He'd probably be awesome.
  Sure.
  Yeah, yeah, I'll show up.
  I'll show him and him and Dave Grohl.
  That would be awesome.
  We're with the riffraffs who we want to put.
  They think they have charisma, even though they're not actors proper.
  Angry.
  Yeah, sure.
  Yeah, older now.
  He bangs on bad guys heads like it would be like the drums.
  Got a lot of documentaries to appear in.
  OK, so he's saying that we don't respect the American flag.
  We don't respect the American flag.
  The educational system is being overrun with an anti-American agenda.
  Christian values are in attack.
  All of this stuff.
  And why you say you're going to build a little place with a train?  Why is all of this important?  And this is Decker.
  This is just Tim Heidecker.
  You got it.
  It is so Decker-esque in that he it's like really  that he just rambles on and on and on a lot of like heavy breathing.
  Like, you know, look, if Dogpatch USA was up, if Herri.
.
.
  If the name Heritage Heritage USA Ozarks Resort at historic dog patch,  if that that's what that's what the full title is going to be.
  If that was open and thriving today, I wouldn't be questioning anything.
  But it is it is not.
  And so here's what seems to have happened.
  So he plants on the land allegedly.
  He plants on land.
  He's making a lot of videos talking about all the cartoons that we're going to make.
  We're going to make a Hubble, a Hubble hair animated film.
  He's like angry at no one like because animation takes a long time.
  OK, so give it a minute.
  We're going to be done with the logo in three months.
  I love giving you a human target.
  That's always my favorite.
  Scott, you know, you've seen that somebody squarely in Scott's crosshairs.
  It'll be good.
 Yeah, yeah.
  It does does light me up.
  OK, I'll be careful, though.
  No, no, it's like we all read the Wikipedia.
  I think when you're a public figure, you open yourself when you're a high profile.
  You have a YouTube channel that speaking has a YouTube.
  You are the Andy Cap of YouTube.
  He's got a forum that's the cap or Al Cap using each other's forums.
  The both of you are making hot fries on YouTube.
  No such thing as bad press.
  All right.
 Now here I'm just going to OK.
  So he's making a lot of videos.
  He's talking about how we're going to make animated films.
  There's a lot of plans.
  What he doesn't seem to be doing is like fixing up the park.
  Yeah.
 And I'm watching these videos.
  I'm watching hour long videos.
  I'm wanting to I'm wanting to turn them off like, all right, it's getting a little dull.
  Maybe I need and then 38 minutes into a video, he will say,  OK, look, somebody buried the pool at the hotel.
  All right.
 It is covered in sand.
  And we've been meaning to get it fixed.
  And it is on our list.
 It is on our list.
  But so in the but in the meantime, we know the kids need somewhere to play.
  We have a moon bounce.
  We got how there is moon bounce.
  So go to the so if you're going to stay at the hotel, go to the moon bounce.
  Though the pool was buried in sand.
  What? I mean, I guess people don't hurt themselves by falling into an empty pool.
  Although that clearly they weren't looking out for people's safety.
  There's a lot of safety issues.
  The hotel is open.
  This is important to note.
  I read fleetingly like and I may have gotten this wrong,  but like that people were booking rooms and they did.
  There wasn't a place to go.
  That's that's absolutely great.
  Fire festy.
  And I will credit him in that he  he wanted to not open the hotel until the rooms had all been remodeled.
  There's other financiers saying we got to get this place open.
  So they do open the hotel,  but it builds to a point, yes, where there is nowhere for them them to go.
  One quick guests, right?  Guess.
 Yes.
  So, yeah, guests at the hotel.
  There's if they if you come, there's nowhere to go.
  Possibly because he's putting a lot of time into making various videos.
  Let me play this quick one.
  Imagine in this video for anybody not who doesn't have eyes on it.
  There's sort of a sub Sherry Lewis puppet  who is driving a Mr.
  Toad S vehicle in a green screen scape.
  And there's a song called Down and Dog Patch.
  Gives you the idea.
  Can I have a little more?  I want to see if there's like a chorus.
  Make that your ringtone, Scott.
  Heck of a day can do.
  Closer to Mike.
  Yeah.
  Riding on that train.
  Imagination is to.
  Riding on that train.
  I'll be honest, I like it.
  It kind of makes me a little nostalgic.
  Does it?  I was thinking it might sort of recall like what maybe the little bit of the child.
  I got a little bit there.
  But then you watch another video where he shows you a taste of that.
  And then he says, here's the problem.
  The video is not done because we haven't done the color correction  and color correction takes a while.
  And you have to film it at different times of the day.
  And the sun moves.
 So how many views does the video is on average?  Like 500.
 OK, but are there comments or people are like, this looks like shit?  I think there was a Facebook page.
  I mean, no one physically in the videos is yelling at,  but he seems to be responding to vague, bad sentiment in the Facebook group,  including he says at one point, let me find it.
  Look, I'm not God.
 I'm not a deity.
  I don't know all things.
  I appreciate the well wishes of most of you.
  So he's clearly getting some negative criticism.
  Anytime he's ever said something like that, one person said it.
  Yeah.
 Like we found the one negative comment.
  Like when we got one three star review and it drove us crazy.
  And I think it's still if we really thought about it.
  We got worked up.
 Yeah.
  Look, we're working on it.
  We don't have Mike Stans yet.
 Yeah.
  We're a new podcast.
 We didn't know.
  The sand in the pool thing reminds me of a story.
  And just like you guys get your person anonymous,  I'll keep everyone anonymous in the story.
  But someone went into a meeting once with someone  and the person they were going to meet with was late.
  And they came in.
 They're like, so sorry.
  I got held up at the mechanic.
  A rat crawled in my engine.
  They're like, yeah, the engine of my car is a rat in there.
  You got to tell us this later.
 Yeah, I will.
  Listeners want to DM any of you to get the names.
  Yeah, we can.
 Yeah.
  We believe in the name of who we're talking about.
  It's a higher Patreon tier, maybe.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, this is a slander tier.
  The slander tier.
  It gets you.
  So anyway,  yeah, a lot of video yelling at no one else.
  I can't stop reading them.
 We are renting ATVs.
  The answer to the question, can we bring our own?  Well, no, it's not a free for all.
  You got to rent them from us.
  It makes.
  We'll give them the history.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right.
  But later in the same  in the same stint, look, I'm not putting down canoes, but you know,  we have to ask.
  We have to get involved and ask questions.
  Don't you think?  Well, I don't know if that's gone into your life.
  Oh, I don't know.
 I think we already have.
  I think.
 Oh, yeah, I think we could be hearing about this.
  And I don't like your shows or your podcast.
  These Hollywood  stories are.
  Yeah, he's going to leave us a review.
  Amazon review.
  Well, if you know how to get to the podcast, the right guys,  give us a three star review and we'll be infuriated forever.
  Catch.
 Fuck you.
  Catch.
 Fuck you.
  I like this song, though.
  I like this song that this guy made with a puppet.
  I like the puppet song.
  The fuck is the color correction, but the farts you lose.
  No one's going to see that.
  That's what you're saying to yourself already.
  That's me.
 I said that earlier on the podcast.
  Way ahead of you, David, your own negative commenter.
  OK, so he's making these dog patch videos, which, by the way,  and you should watch the whole thing.
  It's a lot of fun.
  It's about that guy's name is Foxworthy and he watches a news report  and he gets mad that hobble hair,  hubble hair is moving to his town and he's like, I'm going to get him.
  So then he watches like a dossier from like sort of a, you know,  the Charlie and Charlie's Angels type dog who gives him the mission.
  Here's how you got to go.
  Of course.
 And that video is called Down in Dogpatch Episode One, Part One.
  Again, there are no further of these.
  And even within this thing, the puppet dog takes the time out of nowhere.
  He takes the time to say, hey, have you seen the FBI director's new book?  It's a real work of fiction like Mary Poppins.
  Like he's criticizing Comey within this video.
  Sounds like he's like a personal thing.
  Like it's bleeding into his normal universal content.
  Normal.
 Yeah.
  Well, you know, his endeavor to reach a mass audience.
  But it's in there.
  So he's got to get it out.
  He's got a platform now.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yes.
 And fuck, Comey.
  It's like, by the way, Charlie Horace on Lambchop started complaining about Dan Quayle.
  You know, who's an idiot?  Learn how to spell.
  Chris, he this is you've opened up a kid.
  Aaron, Aaron is going to be calling you and go like, why did you plant this seat?  Oh, God, I know.
  It's covered in red string.
 Sorry, man.
  I was going to come after Aaron on Twitter.
  Oh, no.
 He won't find me.
  Everyone's in trouble.
  We open a movie and enjoy it.
  But I was a quiet, beautiful thriller.
  And yes, yeah, I saw it.
 I saw it.
  Really kind of.
 It's wonderful.
  Is it playing dog patches? The road show?  Yes, we're going to do the dog.
  We're going to do.
 Yeah.
  You're using one of the rooms as a dog.
  Big from the unopened hotel from the bedroom and might be bit by the  movie.
 There's definitely sand.
  Yeah, there's some sand.
  And we're going to go swimming in the sandy, the sandy holler pool.
  Yeah.
 And enjoy a after party at the sand pool.
  So all of this stuff is happening.
  What doesn't seem to be happening is the improvement of the land and the park in.
  OK, so I'm going to take you now.
  This is all starting in 2017 in June.
  Two more years of this.
  Holy shit.
 Not quite.
  No, no, no, not quite.
  Now we're in Trump's America.
  In June.
  And that is happy for American exceptionalism is back.
  He's found a voice in the White House.
  I should also say that in some of these videos, he's he's saying all of this stuff  with it in front of a table and the table has four identical bald eagles  that are like on top of rocks with the American flag of America.
  So this is real for him, I think.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  There's a lot he's been stewing on and thinking about.
  And he's angry about a lot of stuff.
  Yeah, yeah.
 He's got a place to chat.
  And he bought acres of land where he can preach his truth.
  Sure.
 Right.
  Those four totems will summon the elder gods.
  So the ghost of Falbus  has emerged from the sand pool.
  Earthquake McGilliputty.
  Falbus' ghost is loose, OK?  What do you want me to do about it?  God.
 You tell me how to get a governor's ghost.
  I'm not saying he was right to keep those kids out.
  I'm just saying he was also a public servant.
  And that takes a tremendous amount of sacrifice.
  He had responsibility to his voters.
  You try to carry the weight of knowing the one true name of God.
 OK?  Sipping right over into craziness.
  This guy.
  All right.
 It's June 2018.
  The videos are starting to trickle down.
 Less rants.
  He in June, he posts a video that's all home movies of himself scored to a song  that he himself sings called Follow Your Heart.
  Do you have it? I don't have it.
  He's turned in.
 He's turned inward, man.
  All this.
 Everything's scored by songs that he himself is singing,  including the Carol Channing song.
  There is a theory about alien civilizations where they that civilizations  will become so advanced that that's why we don't hear from them,  because they will turn inward and become self obsessed.
  So maybe David Hare has reached that point of his media journey,  where he's just he's not interested in anymore.
  It's in the puppets.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  In the bullshit he's surrounding.
  He's like, yeah, building a little universe of mirrors.
  We don't get it.
 So he's like, this is for me.
  He thought, I have a content now.
 People are going to get it.
  Yeah.
 But the two Facebook commenters revolted.
  I can't find solace anywhere.
  Another thing that starts happening around this time is that he stops  paying rent on the property entirely.
  It's May 2018.
 He stops paying rent.
  He's specifically leasing the hotel from whoever was owning the hotel,  turned it into like a motorcycle themed hotel called the Hub for a little while.
  And he stops paying rent.
  And this is also a problem because he's also living at the hotel.
  Oh, my God.
 He lives in the hotel.
  He's living in the hotel.
  The unroomed room.
  And also, he's also selling like come stay here.
  He's like booking the rooms.
  I think it's great.
  It's working for me.
 I've been living here for several months.
  It's awesome.
  Would I live in it if it's taking my room service plates away?  It's like his equivalent of Belushi, because of my shout out, our mom.
  The final years.
  So the documentary shows footage at the very end of like  motorcycle Mad Max looking people, and it doesn't explain why.
  Oh, and it's presented in a way of like, but things maybe things could work out  for Dog Branch after all.
  Cut to a bunch of scary people riding motorcycles.
  We like it here.
  Fine for us down in dog patch.
  As long as we enforce the laws.
  We're going to sharpen our knives on leather.
  Fire shots from yards away.
  I drink out after skull.
  I drink my Kickapoo Joy Juice.
  I'll show you Kickapoo Juice.
  It was a Mountain Dew competitor.
  I think it's better.
  I was trying to.
  Those motorcycle people just tore apart David Heron ate him.
  That's what happened.
  That's why we haven't heard.
  Well, maybe.
  Wait a minute, guys.
  Because here.
  Do you want to hear about Hubble hair?  Is that what happens?  He's quartered by motorcycles.
  OK, in August 2018, he gets an eviction notice.
  He has 10 days to vacate the premises or to like start paying rent or something.
  And he does the noble thing.
  He leaves in the middle of the night.
  He just bail bail bail all gone.
  He just takes off walks away.
  And he was not.
  But then he so they're like, oh, god damn it.
  And it's still owned by everything.
  He's just leasing.
  Everything's still owned by the dog bowl guy.
  Right.
 The dog bowl guy who was like, I believe in this maverick.
  He's going to turn it around.
  He's going to make it Heritage USA to the news.
  Who interviewed him about this?  Like he came in with a good business plan.
  He's like, I know good business plans.
  OK, have you seen the inventor of the body?  He showed me various puppets.
  Yeah, these puppets, these puppets.
  They were incredible.
  He had a very dense mythology.
  He said he was going to color correct the videos.
  I trust it sounds like a little process.
  I don't know about video.
 He's working on it.
  I mean, look, you've seen his videos.
  He also talking to me, yelled at me.
  But he's doing the videos.
  That's who he's yelling at.
  OK, fuck your balls.
  OK, you walk around here with your judging eyes.
  He's walking around abandoned dog  patch with one of the dog bowls eating ice cream out of it.
  Wonder out there.
  Wonder how everything's going with the hair.
  You done with the hair drying yet?  No, nobody gets my bag.
  I got my back three months.
  You'll see it.
  He also constantly concludes points with and we're doing this as we speak.
  This is happening as we speak.
  Also, I missed a quote where he said, look about the hotel pricing,  how they're pricing the rooms, even though they haven't been remodeled.
  Look, we aren't doing anything abnormal.
  There's no bait and switch.
  There's no means it is a great thing to yell.
  So someone convinces me immediately.
  There is.
 If you're yelling at the switch.
  Did he ever like start talking to the puppet in the like the back of the room  ever like did he start having a conversation with Foxworthy?  What do I do?  Foxworthy, you want to follow your heart?  Of course, I leave right now.
  It's four in the morning.
  It's only one.
 All right.
  Take me, if you say so, Foxworthy, we're a family.
  I'm your son and you need to see the pile of puppets in the  passenger seat of the old civic.
  Go take us to a place where we can all marry each other and be free.
  So has this guy been heard from since or is he?  He came back the next day to try to get his car.
  But it wasn't a car had been locked up and taken into the convention center  of the hotel.
 So it's a convention center.
  Or no, this is a different.
  This is the hub convention center.
 OK.
  Since then, I'm not sure about lately, but at least for a few months,  he was not heard from disappeared, went off the.
  And everybody just started suing him.
  And and this leads to a point that I think is what you ran into where  OK, a mother and a daughter on a vacay.
  They're like, we're going to do a mother daughter trip.
  You know, where I used to go is this place dog patch.
  And I hear it's open again in the hotels open and I booked the room  and we're going to go.
 They even they took my money already.
  So everything must be fine.
  And it's and they get lost because, as you said, it's hard to find the area.
  It's way off country roads like the old highway at this point.
  I don't know.
 But like, I would imagine it's like it was like a two lane.
  That's what I remember.
  It was little.
  And we're still on the sign.
 Do we know they put up a they put up  a heritage USA sign with the with the hub?  Oh, so Hubble Air is on the side.
  But it says historic dog patch, historic dog patch.
  I would go to historic.
  I say this was like meticulously restored.
 Sure.
  Yeah, I would go.
 They will do it.
  I'm looking for this property.
  I would go in a rough road.
 Sandy Pool.
  I don't care.
 I would like to see a bunch of sand.
  So that kind of sounds fun.
  But now we got we also have to now do the right.
  The old heritage US, the Jim Baker Heritage USA.
 Oh, yeah.
  Featuring the water slide that Jerry Falwell in a full suit went down.
  Oh, my God.
 Wow.
  We wait really?  Yeah, true.
 Oh, my God.
  Oh, my God.
  Let's just do it.
  A few years before Jerry Falwell described Jim Baker as like the most vile man  to the earth.
  Coming from Jerry Falwell.
  I'll go down your slide, but you're still a piece of shit.
  Let's just roll this episode into the Jim Baker one.
  You want to start doing it? No research?  I know.
 Yeah, we are now.
  I knew this was going to dance on Hard Rock Part.
  When you stumble upon a world of multiple owners, of scandals,  of lawsuits, of American exceptionalism,  yeah, Kickapoo, Joy Juice.
  Oh, my gosh.
 There is so much stuff.
  If I could say a happy ending, the nice thing is that the dog bowl guy still owns it.
  And what happened to this mother and daughter is like so they they're calling.
  It's late.
 They don't.
  They get so lost, they don't arrive until 11 p.
m.
  And they're trying to call the place.
  Like, how do we get there? No one picks up.
  They arrive in the dark and then some they flag down.
  They flagged down a passing vehicle and the driver says, Oh, Heritage USA.
  They were evicted earlier this week.
  They weren't paying the water.
  There's no water.
 There's no electricity.
  This mother and daughter on a trip are stranded.
  Essentially, this is very fire festival.
  But then they they somehow like the dog bowl guy  finds out about it and says, you know what?  I will take you on a tour of the property and I'll show you all those places.
  You had these nice memories.
  He cancelled a vacation in order to take time to show them other.
  Yeah.
 And how restored was the place at this point?  Like, was he just like, oh, these are where squatters used to take a dump.
  You know, it was just like  we had a man living here for several months.
  Yeah, there was a cult.
  This was their base of operations for some.
  All the trout out of the pond.
  That was ninety seven trout with their bare hands.
  They swallowed them without cooking them.
  You imagine coming out here, seeing people eat trout with their bare hands.
  It happened.
 This is last week.
  Just a reminder, folks, most banks, credit card companies, PayPal.
  You could just reverse a charge in our modern world.
  You can just say cancel that charge, please.
  Yeah, because it's kind of like our guy here, right?  Like, well, sorry, here's the park.
  And this is the ice cream guy being like,  I'm going to take you on a tour of this derelict property.
  Yeah, that is probably like a although that is kind of sweet, though.
  I think I'm trying to see.
  Well, but there's nobody to give the money back.
  That makes him a very poignant kind of noble character in the story.
  Yes, I like the dog bowl guy and I like the ATV 17 year old.
  The other person, I just like the, you know, give them their money back.
  Like I think and there's Facebook pages now are flooded.
  Now he's good.
 Now there's a mess.
  Now people are saying I so I just eat that money, I guess.
  So he's just out there.
 We don't know where he is.
  I don't know.
  So I don't know how much of what we just said you heard due to editing.
  But colorful tales were told.
  I had no I truly can't believe how much  fell out of this pinata.
  You guys, I feel like I've received a gift.
  Fantastic.
  Because I never knew as you said, a bunch of this nice like the surprises of information.
  It was nice to teach you all of this.
  But also but to hear your nice memories and about your dual toys.
  Hey, look, what I'm trying to say is Chris, can we survive podcasts?  Right.
 Thank you so much for being here.
  You're doing one of my favorite topics.
  Thank you, guys.
  Even if it's the topic that kills us.
  No, I think I put fear into your head.
  You're fine.
  Yes.
 I think it's the producers that they talk about on how do those get made or like anything  like anybody shitting on anybody.
 That's a lot of.
  We're just having fun.
  I think these people are these are genuinely tragic figures that are very vivid, very vivid.
  The local news had some pretty harsh words like when I was looking at some pretty harsh words.
  Yes.
  Heritage like failed.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Crooked.
  And he left town just hearing that laid out in a and hearing the guy say like he didn't fix anything.
  It's worse than it was before.
  That's so sad.
  It's really crazy.
  He's out there right now.
  But he gave us these YouTube videos that are and I really do recommend people just load,  watch all of the Heritage USA.
  I will.
 Yeah, I'm going to put that one down in Dogpatch song on my iPhone.
  I'm going to full size of three minutes on.
  I know I wanted to hear all of it.
  I want in dog.
  I would like a Fox worthy puppet.
  Yeah.
 If I could get that, we could maybe get.
  Let's free and vigor at this guy's career.
  I mean, maybe we'll do some up.
  I don't know.
 I enjoyed Christmas is here.
  The musical from 1990.
  Really?  Yes.
  No, you said earlier there was no video of it.
  So I'm like, how did you know there's a video?  There is a video of it.
  There's a video.
  This is the music.
  And I watched as much as he put up on his Vimeo of country.
  Fun time Jubilee.
  I don't remember.
 Fun time Jubilee.
  Look, there's all.
  Yes, there's.
  Let me just slip this real quick in is that we did a patron episode about McGruff's music career.
  But I found the guy who wrote all the songs and I'm still trying to get in touch with him.
  But I found his song about 9-eleven.
  So so everybody different types of play.
  They think I played for Jason.
  So you're saying to show that saying everyone has a variety of things they do with their career.
  Yes.
 And we and we're just criticizing.
  I think I think even he could agree that his theme park  owning career was not the most we are being so nice to him right now.
  Very nice.
  And we are handling him with kid gloves.
  Guys, I'm scared.
  This guy is a guy that's probably in a Motel 6 somewhere.
  He's peeking out the blinds.
  He's waiting.
  He's waiting for the sirens.
  He's waiting.
 He's like he's on the phone.
  He's got a Wi-Fi access at a coffee shop and he's like, what can I do?  Well, yeah, he's hiding in a safe house in a plot reminiscent of your film coming out.
  But he was shot and he's on an icy river.
  Drag to safety by a deaf child.
  But where is Foxworthy?  Yes, he's with a deaf child somewhere.
  It's like hiding in a family barn.
  Yes.
  So if you want to know what happens, see the parts you lose.
  What else would you like to alert people to?  You got a lot going on.
  Oh, yeah.
 Boy, I got a comic book coming out on September 4th called Everything,  which is about a very shady, weird, maybe evil department store in 1980.
  Oh, great.
  You are living the dream and writing Dr.
 Doom coming up.
  Yes, Dr.
 Doom comes out on October 9th.
  Wow.
 Nice.
  Yes, I've gotten a lot of a lot of  fans of Dr.
 Doom have have opinions about.
  Would you like to Dr.
  Do you like to record some hour long videos where you address all of these issues?  Look, you're working on it.
  I didn't create him.
 OK.
  There's a lot of mythology out there.
  I inherited some of the problems from the previous owners created in the 60s.
  For Christ's sake, I'm doing what I've been issue.
  He's appeared in.
  I am where I am working on.
  This is being worked on as we speak.
  He's never had the Infinity Gauntlet.
 OK, I know that.
  That comes out on October 9th.
  I'm excited about that.
  They're letting me get away with stuff so far.
  The mask.
 I'm bringing the mask back.
  Yeah.
 Very excited.
  Then wait.
 And the with the title of it, I pledge allegiance to the mask.
  Oh, my God.
 So president.
  You the mask like that.
  A lot of click baity headlines about how it's political.
  It's more just like anarchic and nihilistic.
  Which is part me, part kind of the character.
 Yeah.
  So that comes out October 16th.
  And she's that's it.
  And the movie October 4th.
 Oh, man.
  So it'll be a good October.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is a nice.
  Well, you have such a good comic on so much to announce.
  Yeah, that was fun.
  And everything will be going on for at least a little while.
  And I'll catch fire.
  We're talking it's fair now.
  You can buy it.
 You can Netflix.
  Yeah.
 You watch it for free on Netflix.
  Oh, it's not for free.
  Everyone thinks Netflix is free.
  I think so.
 Yeah.
  Just forget you've been.
  Netflix.
 Right.
  It's like, well, you paid $15 a month.
  It's on Netflix.
 It's on Amazon.
  I think it's still on on demand.
  I know it's on AMC Premiere, which is their streaming thing.
  Yeah.
 It's been in so many lists lately.
  People still talk about it, which is nice.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It'll keep happening.
  People.
  The fact that people are still talking about it is really nice because it  was it was the the dog patch USA of TV shows when it first premiered.
  No one knew about it.
  It was very difficult.
  You had to go off the interstate  onto a two lane highway and wait until you hit mile marker or whatever.
  It's not the turn on at 10 p.
m.
  Walking Dead is the magic kingdom and you're right.
  You're you're off the beaten path.
  But people are exactly such fond memory.
  We were a thousand acres.
  Catch fire.
  And if they get people went too far, they ended up at turn Washington spies.
  That's right.
 Turn Washington spies.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That would Joe McMillan, if we had done a fifth season, he should have  invested in Dogpatch because it would have been right as a great opportunity.
  Right as it closed over ninety five, ninety six.
  Yeah.
 Selling that to everybody else.
  This is a steal.
  Possibilities.
 Yandwich.
  If you start pitching the story of Dogpatch, please at least give us some vanity titles.
  Right.
 Give us some associates.
  But I think you got to do like the weird Charlie Coppin version  where like Lil Abner shows up at abandoned Dogpatch and it's like really.
  Oh, yeah.
 That's good.
  That's essentially fucked up.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  It's already a take.
  Incredible shoots.
 Fox worthy.
  Yeah, he's hunting David Hare.
  David Hare is being hunted by Lil Abner.
  That's what he believes.
  Probably what's going on in his head.
  Yes, by the legacy.
  And if I may, Jason Sheridan could play Available Jones.
  Hey.
 Hey.
  Available Jones.
  Try to just do the spinoff of that right away.
  OK.
 Yeah.
  You know, people think this is an original project.
  It's actually a spinoff of Lil Abner.
  A comic that ran for 40 years.
  Oh, good.
 Good.
 Good.
  As long as it's IP.
 Wonderful.
  Original IP.
 Great.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 All right.
  Greenlit.
 All right.
  Sixty million.
  Yeah.
 Lil Abner.
 Great.
  Here you go.
 Have fun.
  Today's stubby K.
 Jason Sheridan.
  I'll take it.
  There's a real stubby K in that, Jason.
  OK.
 Well, that was a lot of fun.
  Hey, we don't have to plug all this stuff.
  You know what's up.
  I like that people might be listening to this  and then showing up at our live show.
  We're like halfway through this.
  Oh my gosh.
  I didn't even thought about it.
  What a thing for people to.
  All right.
  If we see you at the live show in Anaheim.
  Tomorrow.
  We're excited.
  Wait.
  You guys are doing a live show in Anaheim tomorrow?  Yeah, I am.
  As we record.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  If you're listening to this on the day it comes out.
  Yeah.
  Down by the D23 Expo.
  Tomorrow.
  I was once sent by when we worked at Disney together.
  I saw where it's very grounded company.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  That's awesome.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We're so excited.
  We're going to have fun.
  And yeah.
  We'll see you.
  Ask us any dog patch questions.
  I know you might have a few.
  And yeah.
  What else?  Say go to the Patreon.
  Go to the second gate.
  Lots of fun coming up there.
  As always, follow us on Twitter.
  Follow.
  Or I don't know.
  Maybe don't follow the ATV guy.
  Don't bother him.
  Don't bother the ATV kid.
  Don't bother him.
  He's been through it.
  Yeah.
  Seems like a good guy.
  But don't go to Twitter.
  He's positive in a world of darkness.
  Leave him alone.
  Or let him make the first move.
  Let him decide when he's ready to be in the public eye.
  Something the outcap never learned.
  Yeah.
  Sorry.
  Oh, man.
  He's sorry.
  Sorry.
  Oh, no.
  We're also just shitting on the outcap estate too.
  His son's alive.
  That's fine.
  The guy that got the PR job.
  And we were like, I'm sure that was just a handout.
  Just crying silently in his car.
  My dad was a genius.
  There is so much.
  This is the most litigant ever.
  We'll have the podcast right lawyer go through it  before it comes out.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  When we keep on retainer.
  All of the Patreon money.
  Like 95% of it goes to the lawyer.
  You wouldn't believe the shit we say in most episodes.
  No, that's true.
  We leave on the game floor.
  There's crazy stuff.
  We'll tell you all of it.
  And we'll see you at the Anaheim show.
  Hey, thanks for listening.
  Holy shit.
  That was something.
  OK.
  Bye.
  Double whammy.
  Double whammy.
  Have a heck of a day.
  Hogwash.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bowen, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  Engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts, please visit  foreverdogpodcast.
com and subscribe to our shows  on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on  Twitter and Instagram at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
