 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Hello and welcome to a very special podcast,  The Ride the Second Gate, where when the cat's away,  the mice will rock.
  I'm Scott Gardner joined by Mike Carlson.
  Yeah, just Mike Carlson, not Jason Sheridan.
  That's the end of the introduction.
  Jason Sheridan is not here.
  Dad is not home.
  Yeah, yeah, so we can make a real mess of it.
  I should also say great grandfather is not home,  not just dad, because that would put him in the category  of someone who likes a rock and roll from the 60s and 70s.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Which he kind of does, but.
  Yeah, I think he does.
  That's the thing, he's not anti-me.
  I just feel like he, you know, Jason's more into like,  you know, turkey in the straw.
  He loves camp, his favorite song is Camp Town Races.
  Yeah, he loves the classics more.
  It works out because all of Jason's favorite songs  are now in the public domain, so he's free to perform them  in any published media.
  So he will release a single of Polly Wolly Doodle  all day very soon.
  Just a photo of him smiling with a 40s radio mic.
  There's a, and I'm sure we'll do a Patreon on this,  there's an album that I really like called  Bill Frawley Sings the Old Ones.
  And that's William Frawley from I Love Lucy, Fred Mertz.
  He sings like,  Pretty baby, pretty baby.
  And it's a full album of it.
  And he's got like a straw hat on the cover, I think,  and like an old timey, like colorful striped suit.
  So I assume, Jay, I should show it to you if I haven't.
  Sure.
  This sounds familiar because I had a book growing up.
  Did you ever come across a book called Hollywood Hi-Fi?  I don't think so.
  You would really like Hollywood Hi-Fi to this day.
  I was a weird 10, 11 year old where I got a bunch of books  about like kitschy, bad bullshit.
  I had a really good book about bad TV,  I had a really good book about the worst movies ever made,  and I had a book called Hollywood Hi-Fi about actors  and movie and TV stars trying to start music careers  in sort of a usually ill-fated manner.
  But that opened me, I do recall William Frawley  being in there, it's why I am still a devotee  to the Crispin Glover album.
  Right.
  The big problem does not equal the solution,  the solution equals let it be.
  And there's, do you know about the Burt Ward album  with Frank Zappa?  We talked about that before.
  We haven't talked about it, but I do know about it.
  I've heard a little of it.
  That a pre, his career blowing up Frank Zappa  was for some reason hired as the like studio hired gun to.
  Try to get Burt Ward's career.
  Which man, he was like still rebelling within it  and putting in all these weird, you know,  like banging on a bicycle wheel and all this shit.
  He was still innovative, yeah,  trying to be subversive in the music,  instrumentation I suppose you'd say.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Here's the cover.
  In a straw hat, yes, that's exactly Jason's album cover.
  Yeah, we'll post this.
  Yeah, he's in a straw hat and a stripe.
  It's sort of a dapper Dan's.
  Very much so, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, with the barber shop.
  But maybe even more colors.
  Oh my God, a full album of Jason  just singing public domain.
  What else is on there?  What does Bill Fronley sing?  Let me see here.
  This is a low rise image.
  What the fuck am I singing today?  I think.
  You get two takes and I'm out.
  He was, I think a big pain in the ass  from what I've ever read about him.
  But the kids on My Three Sons really liked him  because he was really drunk all day  and he was like happy.
  And then they would have to go like get him, I think.
  They would have to like, the producer would be like,  go get Bill from lunch and he'd just be like wandering.
  And obviously he didn't want to go back to work  because he didn't care.
  But they would have, this is all on some YouTube video  I watched 10 times.
  They enjoyed, the My Three Sons enjoyed waking  Bill Fronley out of a drunken stupor.
  Now that I'm thinking about it,  I think they were actually speaking in comparison to,  I forget the gentleman's name who replaced William Fronley.
  So William Fronley was in ill health  and they replaced him with like a different relative,  another cranky old man.
  Oh, okay.
  And they did not like him.
  Okay.
  And I think he was not drunk all the time.
  But they really liked Bill.
  They would just have to sometimes go like bring him over.
  But I believe Vivian Vance on I Love Lucy hated him.
  They hated each other.
  That's funny.
  Well, they used it.
  Yeah.
  And I feel like, I think Desi Arnaz  gave him a talking to about like,  I know you're a drunk,  but if you ever show up drunk to set your fire.
  Even though he was probably a drunk as well,  he just could not show up.
  He could just wait till three o'clock.
  What I mean, coherently drunk.
  Yeah.
  Pretty Baby, Moonlight Bay, Swanee River,  for me and my gal, dear old girl,  meet me tonight in dreamland, June night.
  These are all Bill Fronley songs.
  Carolina in the morning.
  If you were only the girl in,  I'm clicking,  in the world,  if you were the only girl in the world, excuse me,  shine on Harvest Moon by the light of the silvery moon.
  Ha ha ha ha, movemently.
  I wonder who's kissing her now.
  You wouldn't do blue moon though.
  That's too rockin'.
  No, too modern, yeah.
  Yeah.
  And that trash outta my ears.
  My melancholy baby.
  And cuddle up a little closer.
  Bill Fronley sings the old ones.
  I think it's just, well, these are all covers,  but I think Jason Sheridan sings.
  Origins.
  Bill Fronley sings,  wait, sorry, what?  Bill Fronley.
  Sings the old ones.
  Sings the old ones, okay, yeah.
  So Jason Sheridan sings,  Bill Fronley sings the old ones.
  Okay, great.
  One take each too.
  I'd like to think that,  if Jason listens to this after the fact,  that he already has like said out loud to himself,  oh, yeah, Swanee River slaps.
  Seems possible.
  Sicko mode, he would say, like Travis Scott.
  Yes, he described our show as sicko mode.
  Hopefully he doesn't listen to this  and then we can just have, if you're a listener,  just tweet at him that you would like him to do this.
  So he just thinks it's- Yeah, yeah,  find that album cover.
  William Fronley sings the old ones.
  And just, yeah, send it to him just with a question mark  or like when, when.
  When are you doing this?  Make it seem like a groundswell of need for this.
  There's like the everyone on Patreon needs him.
  Make it seem like, you know,  trying to bring a canceled show back to Netflix or whatever.
  Yeah, yeah, we need to.
  Cause I'm sure I can find like just the basic karaoke tracks  for all, for most of these.
  And I'll just put it in his headphones and he has a one try.
  We recorded this live.
  Just do it live.
  If he fucks up, that's it.
  That's the track.
  That's how these old albums are probably recorded.
  100%.
 We got here for an hour.
  So let's record for an hour and whatever it is,  that's the record.
  We'll put the lyrics in front of him.
  He'll probably nail it.
  Yeah, it'll be perfect, honestly.
  He knows them all by heart.
  All right, so that's not rocking.
  That's a future, that's a future Jason related music endeavor.
  But here's what we're doing here today.
  He's out of town, but we wanted to keep  the content ball rolling.
  We have to keep the content ball rolling.
  So here we are.
  And we thought, you know, when I was in Japan,  you guys did an episode without me,  an area that is of less interest to me  with your Marvel mania, flushing out the,  not that I'm not interested in the theme menu.
  I just don't have the Marvel depths of knowledge  that you guys do.
  And so we were like, what can we do  that Jason wouldn't care about missing?  And we have sort of caught that he doesn't care much  about rock music, or at least not,  and that's not entirely true.
  I guess he likes, he's named check bands  that he likes for sure.
  He likes the new pornographers and that's about it,  I think.
  Oh really?  Well, I mean, he likes more.
  It's a good choice if it's gonna be your one.
  I think he likes the strokes.
  He does like the strokes.
  He likes music in that era.
  I mean, that's when I liked music the most too,  sort of like high school, early college.
  That's the time to like music.
  Yeah, he liked it then.
  And I think he didn't like it maybe before or after.
  But I think really what he doesn't like  is he doesn't like ad nauseum talk about it.
  I think he doesn't like it.
  There's a cap.
  I can see him glazing over at two minutes or so.
  As soon as you say Denny Lane, he gets like,  he glazes over and then he gets disinterested.
  Denny Lane of course, the guitarist from Wings.
  Denny Lane who I saw solo at the Ohio State Fair,  opening for the Zombies who I've seen a number of times  who were fantastic.
  But is that theme park related?  It was a fair, I went on rides that day.
  It is, yeah.
  And I saw Denny Lane, which we've talked about this,  that I saw Denny Lane and he was like okay.
  You know, all right, so Wings is Paul and Linda McCartney  and then the third most famous wing  like way in the back of that horse race is Denny Lane.
  And he, like he was fine, it was okay.
  But he kept dedicating songs to like, this one's for George.
  I was like, this is some unfair emotion  to try to get us more.
  It's like guilting us into being emotionally invested  at this like mediocre half hour fair set.
  Paul McCartney, which we saw at Dodgers,  did an unfair thing to get us invested.
  Is that he was about to play his song, Fuh You.
  Oh yes.
  Which I will of course.
  Author some songs.
  Yeah, which I will of course say I do kind of like now,  but that's beside the point.
  I was looking forward to him playing that.
  But he was like, you know, we play a song  that's an old song and all the phones come out  and everyone cheers.
  And then we play one of the new songs  and then all the phones go down.
  Yeah, yes.
  And everyone goes together.
  We're gonna play a new one anyway.
  But then he guilted everyone  into putting all the phones and lights out,  which honestly really made it.
  It was really fun cause everyone had their phone out.
  To like.
 You wanna prove him wrong.
  You don't wanna make,  you don't wanna feel like Paul's got my number.
  Yeah, so I mean, we were like,  we can't make this old bag of bones unhappy.
  We gotta, come on Paul, we like Fuh You.
  One thing he didn't do,  I can't imagine he referred to in this concert in any way,  is the thing that we saw together.
  We went to it with, we like pre-bought tickets  to see in the theater in the arc.
  Like the film Bruce Mcmouse.
  Yes.
  Paul McCartney made a,  this was a total surprise to us.
  Like a month before you said,  before we went to it,  you sent me a message about that,  Paul McCartney made an animated film.
  Yes.
  Bruce Mcmouse, like Mickey, called Bruce Mcmouse.
  And we were like, that sounds like such an oddity.
  We gotta go and boy, what a pile of shit.
  Not really worth the trip, but it sounded,  I mean, it had a picture,  there was like a groovy seventies disco-y mouse  in the trailer.
  And I was like, well, this is, maybe this is interesting.
  Yeah.
  And it was like.
  It was interesting to go to.
  Yeah.
  It's a really strange thing to see in a packed theater.
  Yeah.
  Songs from Wildlife, which is not my favorite Wings album.
  No.
  Doesn't have really the hits.
  I think I left the theater and said to you guys,  now I get why people didn't like Wings.
  That, yes, that Wildlife may have set the tone for Wings  for a lot of people.
  If you were really into The Beatles and they're like,  what's Paul gonna do next?  And there was all these murky jams  and he had yet to do the ones that we like,  the band on the run and the jam and such.
  Yeah.
  And maybe see that, yes.
  It was like a lot of just like the detergid jams  mixed with this pretty unrelated mouse footage.
  There's a bunch of like old British mice.
  It looks like.
  Who live under the stage where he's playing a concert  and they interact for like 50 seconds total.
  They get in like Paul's hand for a second.
  I don't remember even the plot of it.
  And then really hesitant where like today  you have animated characters interacting  with live humans all the time.
  But this, they were so scared clearly of like,  what if this doesn't work?  So they cut to the stillest hand you've ever seen.
  Just the stiffest still photo.
  Yes.
  This is not exactly Roger Rabbit,  but it's the early 70s.
  They're still figuring it out.
  Yeah, I mean, Paul would go on to make  a Rupert and the Frog song,  which is a different, which is I think a better cartoon.
  My mom showed it to me, of course,  cause I was indoctrinated with all of anything Paul ever did.
  Wow, that's a good way to,  that's a good way to be raised.
  Yeah, that's a child's, that was sort of fun at least.
  And then I know Paul has a book now out called,  Hey Grand Dude.
  This is news to me.
  This is a real thing.
  I don't know a ton about it.
  Is just that Paul has created some characters.
  It's a fiction book?  Well, like they may be based on like his grandchildren.
  But he, I think Paul, honestly,  it seems to me like it's coming from a place  where Paul didn't like being called a grandpa  cause he felt a little old.
  So he's like, Hey, don't call me grandpa for you.
  Here's the, here's the characters.
  I don't know a ton about the Grand Dude characters.
  Okay.
 They're pretty standard children.
  This is like very current 2019 children's book.
  Yeah.
 Sort of not.
  I'm not going to say these are charming characters.
  I might go on record, but saying,  I'm not a fan of the animated work of Paul McCartney.
  I like his music.
  I like his rock tunes, but,  but I have to read Hey Grand Dude for myself to know.
  Well, we'll review it on the Patreon  when Jason's out of town next.
  Yeah.
  Cause I'm going to start looking forward to these absences.
  It's a theme park about guests  except when Jason leaves and it's about Paul McCartney.
  But you know what?  Here, I should say soon and later,  we're not just talking about rock music.
  We're not abandoning the theme park topic.
  What we're trying to do is,  we've talked about, to go back to the Beatles,  we've talked before about some of the odd interactions  between the Beatles and Disney World specifically.
  Recently, my friend Tyler actually made me aware  of the story involving Bruce Springsteen in Disneyland.
  And it made us just start to wonder,  have, it's very important I think for us to know,  have all of our favorite musicians been to Disneyland  or Disney World or not?  If we don't keep track of this,  I don't think I'll be able to sleep  beyond the recording of this.
  I need to know.
 Yeah.
  And within that, I think something that we could accomplish  in this episode and minus Jason is determining,  what is the rockinest moment in the history  of the Disney parks?  Or really any park because maybe another theme park  has the jump on rockin' moments.
  Now I don't know what exactly qualifies as a rockin' moment.
  That's I guess what we're gonna figure out here.
  Yeah, I think that it's a wide reaching way.
  I also think it's interesting because in general,  theme parks might not be the coolest places maybe  if your definition of cool  is the traditional definition of cool.
  Well, one thing it isn't, I don't think,  I think now everything's a little more merged.
  I think a currently pop, I think a current like,  18 year old pop star or something  would happily be at Disneyland.
  Like a cool person could be at Disneyland  and be Instagrammed there and it wouldn't be a,  hey Travis Scott as we talked about,  his album is themed after Astroworld.
  I think now it's less weird.
  What we're talking about, classic rockers,  I feel like in general would not be caught dead.
  It's interesting because I think you're right  but I wonder how true that is  because I found a picture, I don't know,  maybe you found this as well,  a picture of the Ramones at Disneyland.
  I did too.
  Which I'm sure it's the same one.
  I found no further information.
  Yeah, exactly, there's nothing else.
  But there's a picture of the Ramones  all sort of in Ramone garb  and they're holding up letters  that spell Ramones in front of the castle.
  Yeah, oh wait, oh wait, maybe I found a different picture.
  Well yeah, there's one of them  kind of in front of the train station.
  That's the one I found.
  But there was a caption from  Joey Ramones official Facebook that I found as well.
  Oh.
  So he lists me, Mickey, Arturo Vega,  Johnny, Tommy, Dee Dee, and fellow roadie Big Al.
  Oh, what?  Yeah.
  No kidding.
  Ramone roadie Big Al.
  Oh, they must've gotten a real kick out of the old jamboree  if they went up there.
  On a family outing to Disneyland 77,  my brother wanted to come,  but the day before this was taken,  he'd gotten so sunburned and swollen,  we had to cut his pants off of his legs.
  Huh?  And that's all it says.
  That's a rare problem,  you gotta be in real skinny jeans, I think, for that.
  And they were.
  And there they are in front of the train station.
  Wow, wow.
  So those were the most snotty,  some of the most snotty punk guys,  and there they are.
  Super New York.
  Yeah.
  They want the real,  they don't want some castle bullshit.
  Yeah, so they're there.
  But they went, here, look at this.
  Here's this photo of them,  they're all spelling out Ramones  in front of Cinderella Castle.
  And that's Disney World.
  That's Disney, wait, the other one was Disneyland?  Let me look.
  Yep, this is Disneyland.
  Wow.
  So they went to both.
  So the Ramones have been,  this is very interesting right away,  the Ramones all in mass went to both Disneyland  and Disney World.
  Yes.
  So how uncool, that's what I'm saying,  cool, but like, how uncool was it?  Maybe it wasn't terribly so.
  Because as I've said many times before,  you had like Louis Armstrong playing on the Mark Twain,  that's cool as shit.
  Yes, and he was cool.
  He was very cool.
  In that time, in the 50s.
  Yeah.
  I think he's cool.
  Well, if you look at like who Disneyland had out to perform  or Disney World.
  I feel like they were a little more,  in the 50s, they were a little more up to speed  with what popular music was at the time.
  I don't think they had Rock Axe in 1955.
  But having a Louis Armstrong,  or it seemed like in the early days,  there were a lot of performances by like Pete Fountain.
  I think Pete Fountain was cool in the 50s and 60s,  I believe.
  But so, I just went to Disneyland with my mom  and she was pointing out how,  I don't think I realized this in the pre-admission era,  when it was just, when it was the e-ticket,  you bought tickets for individual rides,  you could go to Disneyland for free  and see concerts and stuff.
  So it actually was a thing for high schoolers  and college students was, you know,  go see some hoppin' jazz bands and the like.
  Right.
  Pretty cool, that's a totally different Disneyland  than what we have now.
  You could walk around for free and see concerts  and it's a genuine date spot, kinda cool.
  I haven't looked into it, but like,  how often did Louis Armstrong play?  Like once or twice, or was it often?  Can't tell.
  Yeah, it's hard to tell.
  But like, you could just go down and see him for free?  For free?  That would be, that's wild.
  Yeah, every day, maybe we'll look into it  and he was like, he was like the country bears.
  Maybe.
 Show every 10 minutes.
  Maybe.
 That's what gave him the idea  to do animatronics, was like, boy,  we are just losing barrels of money to this guy.
  Yeah, sure.
  It's $10,000 a pop.
  30 shows a day with a robot.
  Yeah, and he gets tired, so yeah,  the only solution's robots.
  But I was looking at, you know, who,  okay, so there's a site called WDW Magic  that just came into play on the Mini Moo episode  that we did because I was looking into Harry Carrey's visit  to Disney World in which he interacted with Mini Moo,  the cow with the Mickey shape on its side.
  And this site lists who, famous visitors  to Disney World year after year  and also performers there,  who performed at the Grad Nights or different events.
  And to me, it has a very similar trajectory  to the Grammys or to the Super Bowl halftime show  where they don't embrace rock until way later.
  It is still, it is like even just who comes to the park,  unless rock stars were going in there  and not making a show of it,  because I didn't see the Ramones in this list  and they probably should have been in this list.
  Sure.
  So you're seeing like who's visiting or who's performing?  It's John Denver, it's Glen Campbell,  Donny Osmond, Burl Ives.
  Hell yes.
  I love Burl Ives.
  I shouldn't throw Burl Ives under the bus.
  Yeah, he's cool as shit.
  Check that.
  Hey, the opening of Epcot Center was played  by Count Basie and Pete Fountain.
  Wow.
  So in 82, they're still in that sort of jazz forever.
  They're still playing to the old fogies.
  And late 70s, early 80s, you start to see it turning around.
  I think the real hallmark and the lynch,  where it goes over the edge is that in 1977,  that Grad Night, the band Starbuck performed.
  You familiar with Starbuck?  No.
  They have a song called Moonlight Feels Right.
  Moonlight Feels Right.
  And it was a band, they had like a vibraphone player.
  So it was a weird, they're like otherwise  a kind of normal soft rock band, but then like.
  Big complicated vibraphone solo.
  So Starbuck really, Jackie Robinson of rock music,  I feel at Disneyland.
  But then you start seeing this turn where  they do have a lot of great, they had an event.
  I love this name and I wish, boy,  I wish I could have gone to some of these  in the late 70s, early 80s.
  Disney World had an event called  the World Series of Entertainment.
  Wow.
  The acts of this are fantastic.
  Peaches and Herb, Evelyn Champagne King,  The Silvers, Rupert Holmes.
  Really?  Yeah, yeah.
  Pina Colada song, man.
  Mr.
 Pina Colada song.
  In 81, Just Mike Love, Not the Ruts of the Beach Boys.
  Clearly promoting his album, Looking Back with Love.
  That was a full band though, he didn't do like a solo thing.
  I don't think he just like, yeah,  he didn't just sing a cappella.
  Cause he doesn't play the guitar, right?  He doesn't play anything.
  Okay.
  He figured out for a song called Shut Down,  figured out how to play a two note saxophone solo.
  Whoa.
  Wah, wah, wah, wah.
  And you can tell he struggled.
  It is a sweaty solo when you watch him do it.
  Mike Love will factor into some further information.
  But you know the Commodores and the Daz Band,  Billy Idol, Tavares, lots of bands I like.
  Midnight Star, Shalimar.
  And then you get into it, then they had an event also  for a couple of years called Valentine Heartbeat,  which had super great Billy Ocean, New Edition,  Daz Band, Houdini.
  Can I stop you real quick?  Yeah, yeah.
  I have the lineup for Epcot when we're there.
  Oh, when we're?  Oh, do tell.
  Oh, there's concerts in?  There's concerts every three,  Oh boy.
  There's a new act every three days.
  That's really the way that music is alive  in the biggest way in the parks right now.
  You know, rock music like Christopher Cross  and Starship featuring Mickey Thomas.
  I will just say some of the acts that will be in September.
  So we want to be able to see these people.
  Tiffany, September 13th through 15th.
  Smash Mouth, 16th through 17th.
  And 17th.
  Everclear, 18th, 19th.
  Smash Mouth's Sugar Ray really went straight  into that pocket of like cheese ball.
  A lot of these old lists I'm looking at are half like,  they always have Paul Revere in the Raiders.
  Paul Revere is always there.
  Whatever it is will be there.
  Maybe they'll get-  That is Sugar Ray in Smash Mouth today.
  Yes, maybe they'll get Paul Revere in the Raiders  will get bumped up though from their inclusion  in Tarantino movie.
  Which one's theirs in that?  They're just like mentioned.
  There are three, like three songs of theirs  are in the movie.
  Three of them are in the movie?  I believe on the soundtrack.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That might notch up the cool cred.
  Yeah.
  Starship, 20th, 21st, 22nd,  which we saw them in Epcot two years ago.
  Oh, that's right.
  How was it?  It's a little weird.
  It's right in front of the American pavilion on the water  and the audience isn't so jacked up.
  They're kind of quiet.
  They're like, as if they're watching like Muppets 3D.
  Okay.
  They're just sort of politely sitting there  and then like you can tell-  As opposed to a non-theme park audience  that is just fucking-  Are just going fucking crazy.
  Yeah.
  You know what, I'll say this.
  I saw Blondie and Elvis Costello in Irvine last week  and the crowd was pretty rowdy for a bunch of old folks.
  Okay.
  And I was, I mean, and like not in a bad way either.
  Oh good.
  Costello was rowdy once  before he was like this musicologist.
  Yes.
  He's a professor today.
  He is.
  I'm glad he played music and didn't do a lecture.
  He has a lot of lines that are clearly written  way ahead of the show.
  Okay.
  Where he does a lot of like jokes and like setups  and like he's a cool guy just telling some jokes.
  I don't have any examples, but I will for a future episode.
  Paul has his three that he does.
  He just cycles through.
  Yes.
  So here's the, here are the, oh,  we're going to miss Kenny G by two weeks.
  Damn, damn.
  Life days.
  You got to do it.
  We're going to miss 38 Special by days.
  That's too bad.
  I kind of like 38 Special.
  I believe we're going to come into Orlando  the last day of the Baja Men playing,  which is so exciting to me.
  Then the next three days, Billy Ocean.
  Really?  Yes.
  Now that I might have to take advantage of.
  And the next three days, Sheila E.
  What?  Yes.
  We're in?  Sheila E in Orlando.
  23, 24, 25th.
  Wow.
  So I don't know if we're going to see it  because we may end up doing horror nights at 23rd  because that might be the only day to do it.
  Okay.
  But you, if you go Friday, you could go Friday night.
  Cause our show's the 24th in Orlando.
  Okay.
  So nobody sees Sheila E.
  Let's shut out Sheila E.
  I want one person at the Sheila E show  when we're doing our show.
  But.
  Though they play like five times starting at 5pm.
  So I guess you could hypothetically.
  I know it works.
  They just do little sets.
  Yes.
 It's like weird 25 minute sets.
  Wow.
  I don't know if it's five times,  but it's something like that.
  So Billy Ocean, Sheila E and the Baja Men  will be in Orlando when we are in Orlando.
  This is pretty up.
  Are we doxing ourselves by saying we might be at Sheila E?  I think people would have put a two and two together.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  If they're vaguely aware.
  Well, that's amazing.
  Yes.
 And you know what?  So it's possible that the rockinist moment  in Disney world history is yet to come.
  Yeah.
 Baja Men.
  It could be Baja Men.
  Baja Men could easily take the title.
  Us front row at Baja Men.
  It's up to us to give them the energy they need.
  Yeah.
  To let all of the dogs out, not just some.
  And let's make the most rockinist moment.
  It's always in our hands.
  It's up to us.
  Maybe it doesn't even have to involve rock music, the rockinist.
  If you just go on a ride and play a little air guitar  because you had a rockin' good time.
  Yeah, sure.
  But so that list that I was saying,  I think like, okay, so early 80s,  they start warming up to like R&B a little more.
  You know, Whitney Houston played the Disney world  around Halloween 85.
  Wow.
  They had good concerts, for sure.
  You got the Jets around, Miami Sound Machine.
  But rock, not so much.
  It's almost, it's hard to find like almost any embrace  in the 70s and 80s of just pure rock music.
  Right.
  Because they're a little scared of it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Except for, and I found this very strange.
  So there's, all right, so there's always the,  there's always various concerts going on  at the parks, especially in Tomorrowland.
  And, you know, usually it's just, it's some cover band  or it's like something, somebody a little past their prime.
  I was surprised to learn that in 1979,  in the Tomorrowland Terrace in Disney World,  there was a performance from the police.
  Wow.
  In their height.
  They were in Florida because they filmed  the video for Walking on the Moon the day before  at Cape Canaveral.
  Really?  And they went and performed at Disney World.
  What year is that?  79.
  Wow.
  Very surprising, and I know that from Andy Summers' book,  which I found snippets of.
  And he, I think, exemplifies why rock music  and Disney did not get along necessarily  because he was really snotty about it.
  He keeps saying in the book, it was just for the money.
  He keeps calling them, he keeps calling  all the Disney people automatons.
  He even says the amount of money.
  He's very, clearly this is not a good situation for them.
  They're led to a small concrete bunker  where they're told to sit and wait for further instructions.
  Someone makes a remark about Eva Braun  and Andy Summers' cackles with a plastic Donald Duck cup  up to his mouth.
  And then he, so I guess they also had  the rising and sinking stage.
  Oh, like Tomorrowland over here?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So they're loaded up, they're put on stage, here you go.
  Somebody says, but it's underground, no one will see us.
  And they say, it goes up.
  Like the concept of the rising stage  was not explained to the police until they were right there.
  Play When I Tell You, and then a red light comes on  and they play Roxanne.
  But like, isn't it weird, like,  on the rise, really good police played,  like rose up from the ground in Tomorrowland?  And then they say, they claim that like everybody  just took off during it, this is too hip for,  and leaving just like the punks who happened to be there  who knew them.
  And then they just sank, like during,  they just went right back down mid set.
  And I don't know, yeah, very odd mesh of things.
  It's interesting, because it's like such a big band.
  I mean, they were a huge band.
  I mean, I guess I don't know if this is getting  too ahead of ourselves, but the Eagles played  backing Linda Ronstadt.
  Yes, that's actually a potentially pretty big history.
  That Linda Ronstadt did not have a band  when she was booked to do a week at Disneyland.
  So she hired four guys she knew from the troubadour  who knew each other, but had not played together before.
  And the sets went so great, so imbued.
  The Eagles were poor.
  Disney magic, were they?  But that was the birth of the Eagles.
  Wild.
  So was born a band that I don't think  either of us like very much.
  I like some of the Glenn Fry stuff.
  Sure, and you mean like Heat is on?  Well, Take It Easy I like.
  Oh sure.
  Yeah, a couple other ones.
  Do you know that there's a town in Arizona,  whatever is name checked in Taking It Easy,  like it's like the point of the town now that.
  No, I don't know that.
  Forget, I don't have the lyrics.
  It sounds like Tucson, Arizona, it's not Tucson.
  There's a city that like it has a statue of Glenn Fry.
  Wow, I didn't know that.
  It's the main thing with them tourism wise now.
  Come see the town that Taking It Easy was based on.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  Weird, what is it?  Can I see that?  Is it like the Walt statue with Glenn Fry?  Uh-huh, pretty much, yeah, yeah.
  Huh.
  Yeah, Josh Fadum was just passing through there.
  Take It Easy statue.
  Standing on the corner park, Winslow, Arizona.
  Winslow, Arizona.
  Na na na na na na na na na na na.
  Yeah, Winslow, Arizona, he name checks that in there.
  So they quite literally put Winslow, Arizona on the map.
  Well, that's good for them.
  Yeah, I honestly, I'm not so steeped in the Eagles lore.
  I do know that one of the members is a horrible man,  but you can look that up for yourself to see.
  Or just determined from interviews  who has the vibe of being a horrible man.
  Yeah, but I think.
  Which is maybe all of them.
  It also is possibly all of them,  but one guy, as far as I know,  takes it to a whole new level,  and it's not funny at all.
  It takes it to the limit, you're saying?  Yeah, oh, I would say that.
  So Google that, or just DM me and I'll send you the link.
  I'm a better set.
  You know who I got no beef with is Timothy B.
 Schmidt.
  He does the song I Can't Tell You Why,  which is one of the only Eagles songs that I dig.
  And I just discovered that Chromio did a cover of it.
  Wow, really?  Yeah, and it's good.
  So if that lends any legitimacy.
  I like Chromio too.
  Do they ever play at Disney Park?  I don't know.
  Probably not.
  I feel like they could.
  They're family friendly enough.
  They're like a goofy band.
  They got a little dirty, like a little slight dirtiness.
  I guess so, yeah, yeah.
  But they could not have to do those.
  Well, I don't know that you're getting,  like cool bands at Disneyland.
  They really, ain't really happening so much.
  Yeah.
  But if your scale includes Billy Ocean is cool, then sure.
  I guess what I'm saying is there should be  a Glenn Frey statue in Disneyland as well.
  Yeah, I agree.
  Because the reason, we might not even know who he is  if not for that week of Linda Ronson shows.
  That is wild.
  That is really wild.
  That's- History.
  Yeah, so-  So next time you're at Disneyland,  just like stop and say a prayer.
  And thank this precious place for giving us the Eagles.
  That's true.
  I was, so like Beach Boys played Disneyland.
  A friend of mine's father was head of the band  in the 70s called Bo Donaldson and the Haywoods.
  They played Disneyland all the time.
  Oh, okay.
  I went to that Elvis Costello concert  with him and his father.
  And they were just talking a little bit about it.
  We may want to interview him, honestly.
  Really, really?  Maybe.
  What do you, well, I don't want to give away his info, but-  It was nothing too crazy,  but I just got it since there was more stuff.
  I don't know.
  Maybe we'll talk about it off mic.
  We got to find out what's in the underground  where you rise up to Marlon and Therese.
  So I wonder if there's stuff that's been lost.
  I wonder, obviously like big bands have been documented,  but it does seem like there's not a good archive  of all of this stuff.
  No, not really.
  That's what I'm wondering too.
  Is there, if there's stuff that fell through the cracks  or like people that were in big bands that played  and that just wasn't documented, who knows?  Even the Grad Night info, it's tough to find.
  You got to look at an old flyer.
  Yeah.
  You got to look at people's message board,  like look at message board posts of what they're grad.
  But Grad Night, I did a Grad Night,  there was nothing going on.
  There was just, they were just playing pre-recorded songs.
  They were playing Usher's Yeah all night, many times over,  but Usher wasn't there himself.
  Right.
  I'm amazed at the level of bands they would have  at these things.
  Like, didn't no doubt play in 95.
  Really?  I have a video of them in 95 at Disney  and I think it's a Grad Night, but it's a little bit,  let me see if it was in the YouTube.
  Obviously they have an album called Tragic Kingdom,  which somebody, there's a blog I was reading,  and I don't know if you found this,  that really thinks that Tragic Kingdom  and the song specifically is about Michael Eisner.
  Have we talked about this?  No.
  Because the song starts with, do you know the song at all?  I don't remember the song super well.
  It starts.
  Cornfields of Popcorn Have Yet to Spring Open.
  Right, but it starts with like audio from the park too.
  Like it starts with.
  Is it like Monorail?  Turnstiles.
  Remain seated please.
  Oh no.
  Permanecer sentados por favor.
  Whoa.
  And there's a blog, oh there's a little bit of song.
  So like there's a blog that surmises that this is about  the degradation of the park under Eisner.
  Was this blog written by Kevin Berger?  I have to double check,  it might have been his pre-Defunct Land pseudonym.
  But there's a whole lyrical,  I don't know if you've seen it,  but it's a blog that's written by Kevin Berger.
  I have to double check,  it might have been his pre-Defunct Land pseudonym.
  But there's a whole lyrical dissection of like  how the park had kind of gone downhill.
  Although I don't know if that lines up in 94  or whatever way you would have written this.
  Yeah, things were great in 94.
  Yeah.
  If you got complaints in 94,  you're just a negative Nelly.
  Yeah, so I don't really know if that's right or not.
  But there is obviously something,  there's something to it.
  I'm just wondering what the actual meaning of it was.
  Hmm.
  Actually, then we find out surprisingly,  Don't Speak is about Michael Eisner.
  Yeah.
  After the seeing his intros.
  Gwen Stefani famously a torrid affair with Michael Eisner.
  Oh my God.
  Can you imagine?  I can.
  And what's the end of Carly Simon's songs about him too?  All the mystery songs you ought to know.
  Oh yeah.
  Not Dave Coulier is about Michael Eisner.
  Dave Coulier is a straw man.
  It's clearly about Eisner.
  God, I wish.
  Young Casanova who dated every single  young starlet singer from the 70s through the 90s.
  Playboy Michael Eisner.
  Yeah, so no doubt I believe play, that's what it says.
  So this says, played Grad nights.
  No doubt one of the more affiliated with Disney fans.
  So Cal and Knots and  Sure, sure.
  Everything down in Anaheim.
  Should we explain this Springsteen thing?  Oh yeah, sure.
  That's really what got me thinking  because this one's actually a pretty just coherent,  Yeah, and I heard.
  Pretty funny interaction with a legendary rock star  and the Parks.
  Yeah, and I saw this,  I happen to have seen the Springsteen concert  with Justin and his father again  and like five or six years ago in Anaheim.
  And Bruce told the story at the show.
  Okay, while you pull it, say your version of it.
  I'll fill in any details.
  Basically, I believe the version is that  little Steven really wanted to,  little Steven Van Zandt of the street band  and of the Sopranos permanently wearing a bandana  unless he's on the Sopranos when he has a giant toupee.
  Now I think you know who I'm talking about.
  I love him.
  Anyway, he really wanted to go to Disneyland  and he was like hyped up about it  and the way Bruce was telling the story was like  he was so excited to go to Disneyland.
  And they like.
  Day three by the way.
  Yeah, and they wanted, then they tried, whatever,  they drove down, he was so excited, so excited  and then they, was it their clothes or their beards  or was it both from that accounting?  I'm seeing it as bandanas.
  There was specifically the bandanas?  Yes.
  Oh, interesting.
  Yeah, they would.
  So I guess.
  Disney security was worried Springsteen and Van Zandt  would be misidentified as gang members  if they didn't remove their bandanas.
  Steven Van Zandt dresses like,  and like I'm trying to think of a way  not to offensively say this because I've realized  that that was one word I was about to use  is now not appropriate.
  So like.
  A stunt show pirate.
  A stunt show pirate is actually a much better way to say it  than what I was gonna say.
  But he's been dressing like, yeah,  a lot of silks and scarves and bandanas.
  It's a little bit like Steven Tyler.
  But yeah, more like a pirate.
  Possibly also than like, kinda like blouses too.
  Yes, yes, you're right.
  That honestly stunt show pirate really makes sense.
  Like Esmeralda from Hunchback of Notre Dame.
  That's the best way to say it.
  Cause in case you didn't know what I was gonna say.
  When now, so by 97, they wouldn't have allowed Stevie in  because he would have been mistaken for a performer  in the Festival of Fools.
  Yes.
  Get up there, you're late.
  But they would have allowed him on the great movie ride  after he was in Lillehammer  because he's a gangster from Norway.
  They should have let him do.
  Gangster from New York going to Norway.
  They really should have let him do a spin.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Should have let him take that tram over.
  So yeah, so they were not allowed in Disney.
  And it was Bruce or Steven that said,  we're going to Knott's Berry Farm.
  I see, I'm seeing Bruce.
  We're out of here.
  Cause Bruce.
 We're going to Knott's.
  My memory of it is Bruce saying it on stage in the story.
  So that's good.
  Cause we're going to Knott's Berry Farm.
  That's like how you would have screamed it.
  And then.
  Oh yeah.
 And then what happens after?  They went to Knott's and the same thing happened.
  Right, right, right.
  But they don't remove the bandanas.
  They can't, they won't do it.
  They're too cool.
  That's who they are.
  That is a cool moment though.
  That is cool.
  I will say them not being allowed in.
  Yeah.
  It's stupid.
  I mean, does, now do we say,  do we think that qualifies as the rockinest moment?  Because it involves like theme park stiffness  and authority going up against  the rebellious rock and roll spirit?  It's in the running.
  I think it's in the running.
  I don't think music needs to be played  for it to be the rockinest moment.
  Yeah.
 I also, I give it credit.
  Well, I don't know.
  I will say like the E Street band,  who I love, are not the coolest of rock stars.
  They're cool because they're the E Street band.
  They're the coolest.
  You're saying Max Weinberg is not cool?  That's where I'm getting at.
  If you watch some of the,  especially the old Bruce performances,  which are very, very cool,  you can tell he's just this crazy dork.
  He's just like, he's dancing like a crazy man.
  They're just goofing around.
  Like you can, they're very silly and he's still silly.
  I mean, he's still, the shows will be a little silly,  but like, yes, Max is not the coolest man in the world.
  Bruce is actually not the coolest man.
  I would say Clarence and Steven might be cooler  in the traditional sense.
  Like I would always say like-  The pirates.
  Like the Rolling Stones are-  It's the 100th sense.
  Yeah, the Rolling Stones I think are what  like the traditional thought cool,  like people think cool is.
  The way they are is what the old definition of cool is.
  Yeah, sure.
  We could probably say, is that real?  No, but that is, I think the idea that's still,  the Keith Richards idea is still,  you're seeing it on commercials of like rockstar guy.
  Sure, sure.
  It's still the aesthetic for it.
  Yeah, we were talking last night about Chris Angel.
  Yes.
  Now Chris Angel is still,  it's not quite Keith Rich, but a little.
  It is, yeah.
  You get, the older you get, the more eye shadow,  the more scarves, the more-  Yeah, you get to-  Weird dyed hair and spikes.
  You can draw the line from Keith Richards  to Motley Crue, I think.
  Sure.
  Because Motley Crue is the gaudier Halloween costume  version of what Keith Richards looks like.
  And then draw that line right to Chris Angel.
  And then it's the end of the line.
  And hopefully it's the end of the line.
  There might still be more half-lifes for that to come,  but for right now, maybe it's the end of the line.
  Unless we freak out and start dressing like that at 50.
  What do we?  I can't handle aging, oh God, scarves.
  Like, well, like Rodney Bingenheimer  still has this weird hair that's not totally different than,  you know what I'm talking about, that weird poo.
  I can't tell if it's a toupee or not.
  By the way, Rodney Bingenheimer, DJ.
  DJ legend who broke a lot of bands  in the 70s and 80s on K-Rock.
  Yeah.
  This quick story at the Elvis Costello.
  We had a backstage pass and we walked backstage mid-show,  didn't see any of the performers,  walked into an empty catering room.
  Then we're like, oh, I guess we'll talk to them later.
  We saw the Elvis Costello show then,  cause Blondie opened, came back to go backstage again.
  We're denied because we were there on the Blondie pass  because that's who Justin's father knew.
  He didn't know anyone.
  We saw Pete Thomas, the drummer from Elvis Costello,  come out and hug a couple people.
  And then finally he brought almost everyone back  except us and another group of people.
  And all of those people got to go backstage  and hang out with the imposters and Elvis,  including Derek Wibbley of Sum 41  who was standing right there.
  What?  But they're real quick.
  So Rodney was on K-Rock for years, nightly I believe,  a nightly show and he would break like Blondie  and break quote unquote, like would play them  and they would maybe gain some more fame.
  And he had cool taste in music  and now they stuck him on like midnight.
  He has one show a week.
  Yeah, yeah, even later I think.
  And we saw somebody else that also got denied  because they knew Blondie and Justin's dad went  and she was like, oh, how do you know Blondie?  Because they were leaving too.
  And it was, oh, we know through Rodney.
  And it was like a younger, probably 30 something girl  but like in cool, like leather pants in the rock and roll.
  I feel like aesthetic of maybe the eighties or like whatever.
  And she's like, yeah, Rodney, oh, Rodney played,  oh, Rodney played our band tonight.
  Oh, she like slipped it in.
  Oh boy.
  And it was, and he was like, oh yeah,  what's the name of the band?  And it was like, she's like, kill my coquette.
  And then I had to look later and the song is  put me in your movie, Quentin Tarantino.
  Oh no.
  And it is exactly what you think it sounds like.
  Like it wishes it was, I'm trying to think of that band  that was two people in the, oh shoot.
  Like it's like trying to be a 50, like a Phil Spector-y,  cool Lou Reed-ish thing.
  And it sounds like it was produced in Garage Band.
  Oh man, oh man.
  Anyway.
  I wonder if it'll work.
  I don't know.
  Could still work.
  Could work.
  Tarantino's listening to the radio at the right time.
  Yeah.
 He might be, cause that movie,  the new movie is all about driving around  and listening to the radio.
  Yes it is.
  It's like 30% radio, this film.
  So anyway, I started with that on Rodney's haircut,  which I feel like is still trying to kind of be  Keith Richards' haircut from the 60s or 70s,  which is this like, I don't want to even know  what you'd describe it as.
  It's a little mop top-y.
  Little mop top.
  Anyway, look up Rodney's look right now.
  It's 30 years ago.
  I realize there's more to that.
  Little Steven wrote a letter apparently.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  To where and what?  I'm not sure.
  Little Steven wrote in a letter to the president.
  Dear Mr.
 Reagan.
  Little Steven very politically active.
  Okay, sure.
  And like helped to end apartheid.
  Oh.
  And made the song, excuse me, Sun City,  but the artist's not going to play Sun City.
  Okay, yes.
  And got all these people involved.
  And then like he hates Paul Simon  cause Paul Simon wouldn't get on board.
  Oh.
  Honestly, very fascinating all of that stuff from the 80s.
  So look that up.
  Well, he got involved in the most important cause,  being able to wear bandana at Disneyland.
  At Disneyland, enforcing this ridiculous law  is also an attack on rock and music  and all the people who believe in it.
  They're telling me nobody rocks in the Magic Kingdom.
  Nobody expresses their individuality in the Magic Kingdom  except maybe that guy in the rodent suit.
  It is time to boycott Disneyland  until the vague and unfair dress code they enforce  is abolished once and for all.
  I like that.
  That's good.
  I like that.
  We're still having dress code problems.
  People buy these Star Wars costumes  and they can't wear them around.
  Yeah.
  You can only do your costumes one day of the year.
  Or only on Halloween.
  They don't let you walk around  in a full beast regalia or whatever you.
  Yeah, hey.
  He was pointing out problems with them,  not like in counterculture,  before they ran into all the issues with LGBT  and at Videopolis.
  Steve was way ahead of it.
  Yeah, so I mean, Bruce did not explain that letter on stage.
  I don't even know if you remembered that or knew of it.
  If his story had peaked, we're going to nuts.
  And then like, then little Steven wrote a letter.
  Bruce puts glasses on, reads the.
  This letter should have factored in the Broadway show.
  Let me read the letter for you.
  Think you're gonna get a kick out of this.
  We're gonna need some quiet.
  The thing he often says when they're doing a quiet song.
  Somebody yells Thunder Road and he's like, no.
  Not now.
  The letter first.
  Shut up.
  Give me a moment here.
  So I think that's a qualifier.
  Yeah, I love that.
  That's a big, that's a big fun rock and roll clash.
  The Beatles thing.
  We've talked about this a little bit,  but the strangest thing is that for all these,  all these various acts who we can find no evidence  of them interacting with the Disney parks, strangely,  the Disney world is the place where the Beatles  officially ended in 1974.
  Yeah, that is so, when I learned that,  that was so wild to me.
  Somebody, let's see, allears.
net, there's an article.
  Did you find this?  I'm not sure which one I saw.
  You don't know if you saw it.
  It was on WDW Magic all day.
  Ears.
  Well, it does feel like we pull a new real ears,  mice related website out every time we do an episode.
  Yeah, tell tales.
  The way this guy illustrated it is so crazy.
  I guess, let me see if I can read all of this,  if this is too boring.
  So I guess John was not with them when they were gonna  sign the papers finally dissolving the Beatles.
  Or is in New York.
  Yeah.
  He was on his last weekend.
  With May Pang.
  Which was a year long event.
  I think 18 months.
  18 month affair.
  During which he made the weird drunken,  have you heard that album, quote unquote,  when he jammed with Paul for the first time  since the Beatles and Stevie Wonder.
  It's John and Paul the first time since the Beatles  and Stevie Wonder and Nilsson maybe and other people.
  And you're like, wow, that must be amazing.
  And it is not, it sucks.
  It's like if you and I picked up instruments right now.
  Yeah, well, I honestly, I think I could be sounding better  cause I'm all competent.
  I mean, they're all competent too.
  It just seems like they were high out of their mind.
  You could, I'm not so sure.
  I might, yeah, yeah.
  I just think we can cobble.
  I honestly think we can cobble something together  that's more listenable is what I'm saying.
  Can I play keyboard as well as John Lennon  about to pass out and like spit blood out of his mouth.
  I think you can.
  Maybe.
  All right, let me just read all of it.
  Why not?  It's Patreon, no one cares.
  Julian was with us for the Christmas holiday  and all was calm, all was bright.
  Gathered around a huge table where George is a lawyer  and business manager, the McCartney's with Paul's in-laws  and lawyers, Ringo's lawyers and business manager,  Neil Aspinall of Apple with two sets of company lawyers  and John's lawyer, Harold Sater and his team.
  And now I'm of course, missing my spot here.
  I'm really glad I know about Harold Sater now.
  Okay, he's with somebody.
  He says, take your camera out, John joked.
  He looked wistfully out the window.
  You could almost see him replaying the entire Beatles  experience in his mind.
  So John is in Florida.
  He finally picked up his pen and in the unlikely backdrop  of the Polynesian Village Hotel at Disney World,  ended the greatest rock and roll band in history  by simply scrolling John Lennon at the bottom of the page.
  Yes, John Lennon had booked a room  at the Polynesian Village Resort at Walt Disney World  and gazed out at the Seven Seas Lagoon  before he signed the document that broke up the Beatles.
  I mean, that's great.
  Thinking about his past all the way from Liverpool  to the Cavern Club, to the rooftop.
  To Liberty Square.
  And imagining what the future would hold.
  Perhaps that the lagoon would be the home  of some kind of stunt boat-based syndicated show  with a wrestler.
  It's very famous.
  Perhaps imagining his friends in the Beach Boys  would one day film a music video, but 20 feet away.
  It's very famous for very many reasons.
  Yeah.
 It's crazy.
  It's crazy.
 Seven Seas Lagoon.
  Seven Seas Lagoon.
  He's looking at Cinderella's castle  and he signs the document.
  Did he go into the parks?  I watched pictures of him in the parks, I think.
  I saw a picture of it.
  He apparently befriended a Monorail driver  and the Monorail driver got a really good photo of him  with the contemporary in the background.
  Oh, that's fun.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, he was with his kid.
  He was with Julian.
  At least Julian got some nice things.
  It feels like Julian gets the short end of the stick a lot.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, they even changed his name in the song about him.
  You get that?  Couldn't even get the, hey, Julian.
  No, hey, Jules.
  So did he let go, did he see the country bears?  When did the country bears go in?  Oh yeah, that's a good question.
  Isn't it right around?  When in Florida, country bears, Wiki.
  No, the ride, not the movie.
  Because now I'm imagining a scenario where he,  people like pointed out that he was there  and he went up and jammed with him.
  Oh my God, can you imagine?  Yeah, they were open in 71.
  He yanked a jug out of one of their hands.
  They were open in 71.
  Killer jug solo.
  October of 71.
  So what did I say the year was?  74.
  So yeah.
  So it's possible that John Lennon sat  and watched the Country Bear Channel.
  100%.
  It would probably be his favorite thing there.
  And if he knew about it being gone in Disneyland,  he would have been upset.
  If we uncovered, if some were found,  they found the lost John Lennon tapes  and that in 1974 he flirted with a new genre of hoop nanny.
  Oh my God.
  Inspired by these bears.
  That sucked.
  That's as bad of a place as it could be.
  So, liver lips, McGrawl.
  Why John isn't that?  John's the hardest one, maybe?  Yeah.
  I mean, there's so many impressions.
  Yeah.
  It's not the.
.
.
  George is hard too.
  I do Paul okay and then Ringo a little better than okay.
  Well, you know, because it's just, you know,  it's very matter of fact.
  The earlier one,  I feel like I didn't do a good job.
  Yeah, earlier one, he just,  this is this guy and he's like, I don't know.
  And then Ringo peace and love, peace and love.
  And it's all in the nose.
  Here we go again.
  One more time playing this song.
  Here we go.
  You've heard it before and here it is again.
  No more letters.
  No more letters.
  I'm warning you with peace and love.
  Let me see if my streak can continue  of upsetting animals with.
.
.
  You don't love me anymore.
  Hey.
  He's pretty calm.
  Yeah, Edwin doesn't care.
  You know what had happened?  I did it to my new cats and they ran away too.
  Oh wow.
  Yep.
  Yeah, this is quite a streak of upsetting animals.
  Let me just Google John Lennon country bears  just for the hell of it.
  Just in case.
  It would be a shame if we.
.
.
  Oh my God, he's on stage in this picture.
  I knew it.
  He left me, oh, yeah, well, this is weird.
  He left me paying for six months to hang out with Trixie.
  Trixie and John.
  He just got up on the swing and.
.
.
  Yeah, they went away.
  Swing and teddy bear.
  Oh yeah, yeah, Trixie is the.
.
.
  Got the skirt and.
.
.
  Okay.
  So he just, when the curtain went down, he dove in there.
  Yep.
  And then sconded with the robot.
  Took her to an island.
  Yep.
  It's a, yeah, one of his islands.
  Yeah, so that, I mean, that is,  it's a sad rock and roll moment,  but it is a pretty crazy rock and roll moment.
  I think it's the most historic thing.
  For sure.
  Within 71, the Eagles are formed at Disneyland.
  74, the Beatles are ended at Disney World.
  This wild.
  Pretty crazy.
  So that has to be in the running for moments.
  Yeah, that's up there.
  Yeah.
  Now, while the Beatles could not work it out together,  their song of reconciliation, We Can Work It Out,  was performed by another group of charismatic young lads.
  I'm talking about NSYNC,  who did a showcase at Pleasure Island.
  I forget if I talked about this  on the Pleasure Island episode.
  I think vague, I have vague memory of this.
  I may have.
  I think I might have to play a little snippet of this.
  Yeah, I think I have heard this.
  Lou Pearlman, the great Lou Pearlman,  the great Lou Pearlman,  RIP put together a showcase of NSYNC  to try to get record label people interested.
  And they took over the,  I think it's called the Rock and Roll Beach Club  at Pleasure Island.
  And so maybe the first proper NSYNC performance ever  was on Disney World, probably was at Pleasure Island.
  Wow.
  And they perform the funkiest damn version  of We Can Work It Out.
  Have you ever heard?  Let me do the intro,  and then I'll skip ahead.
  This boy, what a start.
  Life is very short.
  Big time, big time.
  Life is very short.
  And then JC takes over.
  What you're saying.
  Give it voice till you think that it's all right.
  It's all right.
  It's all right.
  We can work it out and give it strength and say goodnight.
  Oh no.
  We can work it out.
  We can work it out.
  Life is very short.
  And there's no time.
  And there's no time.
  We can work it out.
  And there's no time.
  But everybody's not ready.
  That's the thing.
  Wow.
  The aesthetic of the video,  for those of you not watching it,  it's extremely, it's the grind  is basically what we're looking at.
  Yeah.
  I wonder, I guess Lou's theory probably was that  mom and dad will see that  and then it'll be something for them  and then it'll be something for the kids.
  I would guess that was his thought process of that.
  What do you mean by doing it at Disney World?  Well, doing that song.
  We can work it out.
  Mom and dad would go,  oh, a new take on an old favorite.
  They have respect for the classics.
  Right.
  And I sort of enjoy this new version of this.
  I don't mind having taken my 13 year old to this.
  Right.
  This is my garbage fully.
  I wish they hadn't done all that stuff.
  All that vocal stuff.
  And that's the opener.
  They kick right into that.
  Yeah.
  So right then he's got everyone on,  everyone's on the side of NSYNC.
  Mom, dad, kids.
  And it worked.
  Yeah.
  The great Lou Pearlman figured out the formula.
  It is pretty funny.
  We know these bands, he did put them together  and then did a lot of bad stuff.
  Look into that as well if you want to.
  You may be shocked to learn.
  Shocked, I'm sure.
  Lou Pearlman was a shitty guy.
  Yeah.
  Now, relatedly, let me jump around a little.
  Because doing this episode, I was just like,  let me just Google all my favorite musicians  and see if there's any results for them  having been to Disney Night or Disney World.
  Prince, you and I, big Prince fans.
  Yep.
  Maybe our favorite, both of us.
  And very confusing to Google Disneyland Prince.
  Oh yeah.
  Because the place is crawling with Princes.
  Like when I Googled Disneyland Ramones,  I just got Ramones tire shop from Cars Land.
  These are the pitfalls of doing a show.
  It's so difficult.
  So pretty hard to find any,  I don't believe there's any interaction  with Prince and Disneyland.
  And then I was like,  well maybe he just never made it down there.
  But you know what he was close to?  It was the Mall of America.
  Oh.
  I didn't find anything for that either.
  They have exhibits of him now.
  But just like, please, come on.
  Prince with the slave tattoo on his face  going down the log flume at Camp Snoopy, please.
  But there was nothing.
  But I searched a little further  because I wasn't satisfied with that.
  And I discovered at least a Prince song  that was performed on Disney World property.
  I'm gonna jump around this one a little bit too.
  Here you go.
  This is probably from 89 or 90.
  Oh wow.
  So what we have here, let me jump around a little.
  This is a Mickey Mouse Club  or as the kids call it,  MMC performance of Party Man from the Batman soundtrack.
  Three of the older kids come out  and set up the Party Man who in the film is the Joker.
  But in this, the kind of the reveal  is that it's the youngest littlest kid who is the Party Man.
  And then his verse, I gotta play really fast.
  Oh man.
  He's this little eager boy in a vest and a bow tie.
  Whoa.
  Wow.
  And then he does a tap dance on top of like a diner counter.
  That's good.
  Really good.
  Yeah.
  It made me wonder what the hell's going on with music rights  where they can, this Disney show can do a Prince song  from Warner Brothers records from a Warner Brothers film.
  Right.
  How is that allowed?  I never see that today.
  No, yeah, I don't know what, I don't know.
  How was, yeah, how was that even possible?  MMC was brazen.
  They did whatever they wanted.
  Yeah, they were.
  They covered any.
  So would you consider that in the running for?  I definitely would.
  Okay.
  And I would also have to,  I don't have the clip of this ready to go,  but I'm biased because this is my personal favorite  MMC performance.
  I think if you were to really go through the MMC archives,  it's very possible MMC could have the rockinest title.
  But my favorite one is a performance of  King of Wishful Thinking by Go West  that takes place at the Yacht and Beach Club.
  And in that, you know that thing on the tour  where there was the little boat and you put on,  somebody from the crowd put on like a yellow rain jacket  and then like piloted a little  and it cut between that and a little model.
  They used that because the song is about  pretend my ship's not sinking.
  Right.
  And the kids, it's a great performance, really solid.
  And you get to see glistening new Yacht and Beach Club  as well.
  Heaven.
  So my personal choice might be this  King of Wishful Thinking performance.
  How rockin' is that song?  I don't know.
  But you know, it's Slim Pickens a little bit.
  So it may be an MMC Go West cover is the rockinest moment.
  For a brief second, I thought you were gonna say  Prince Song performed at Disney Property,  which would be the Mad Tea Party performing Let's Go Crazy,  which they did almost every night.
  Oh boy.
  Yeah, that was a regular thing in the set  where the Mad Hatter, I think, and Alice would sing  Let's Go Crazy.
  And did they?  Did the audience?  Oh my gosh, I did.
  Of one of the 15 times I saw them do it, yeah.
  It's not that many.
  You personally went crazy.
  I bet it's seven though.
  I bet I saw them play that song seven times.
  The show was around for like two years.
  It's pretty good.
  It put you in such good mental health.
  You need not see Dr.
 Everything'll Feel Alright.
  Yeah, no I didn't see him.
  Dr.
 Everything'll Be Alright.
  Yeah, electronic, you consider electronic  a dance party, rock and roll.
  I'm not sure, it's electronic.
  But it is the spirit of rock, I think.
  Sure.
 It's born out of it.
  They've got that space, you've got that Bowie guy  that Bowie rip off with the cane.
  Yes.
  They're up there.
  I mean, I've heard they're gonna do a descendants  dance party for Halloween this year at California Adventure,  but I don't know if, I don't think there's a band.
  I think it's just a DJ.
  Are you interested enough in this kind of thing  that you will go to the descendants dance party?  I think it's only for the Oogie Boogie's Halloween bash,  which I actually am very interested in  because they have a treat trail  and I want Jason to go on the treat trail.
  And they've like-  We say Disney is not a rockin' place.
  Yeah, there's a haunted-  Oogie Boogie's treat trail.
  Haunted treat trail that I would really like to see Jason go.
  It's like $150 though, so I don't know if it's gonna happen.
  But it does seem like-  To get treats that together cost $4.
50.
  There was enough stuff that was listed on it.
  Let me see, and we'll see if I'm embarrassed  when I read them all out loud.
  There was enough stuff that actually made me go,  because sometimes these ticketed events,  I go, ah, it doesn't seem like there's that much.
  Like the Haunted Mansion event was $300.
  Whoa.
  And it was like, you get to ride pirates  in Haunted Mansion all you want.
  And it's cool, but it's like, we have an annual pass  and they lit the mansion very cool,  and there were like a couple live performers  on the actual ride.
  Oh.
  They like had a night that moved a little bit  and maybe, and something else.
  But it didn't seem like something insane.
  We didn't get to go off the vehicle  and walk through or anything.
  I would've wanted some little kid to jump up on the table  in the ballroom and sing Party Man, and the ghost saw.
  If that was the case, that's $300, I agree.
  Yeah, hell yeah.
  But there's like a different paint than night.
  There's a Redwood Creek challenge trail  that turns into the immersive treat trail  featuring Disney villains.
  The villains.
  You have to go to this.
  Join a pulsing dance party with the greatest dance crew  from the Isle of the Lost based on Disney's descendants.
  New World of Color show.
  Something else too.
  Anyway.
  Treat trail.
  Is there any further info about what kind of treats or?  No.
  So I'm, yes, I wanna know what treats are  on the immersive treat trail featuring the Disney villains.
  I might even say, I might go so far as to say,  I would finance his trip along the treat trail.
  The way that you finance your friends  doing the marathon for charity.
  This is an important cause.
  I will donate.
  I'll donate $10 per 10 feet of the treat trail.
  Finances starting costs.
  That's good.
  I think that'll help.
  I love the Redwood.
  We haven't done the challenge trail yet.
  I'm a big fan of that Redwood Creek challenge trail.
  I did, Ares.
  I had more fun than I thought.
  I, as a kid, I think loved walking on netting.
  So I still like walking on netting.
  So now the idea that there'll be Disney villains  along the trail in the dark and they'll be spooky  and it'll be the best,  it'll be not the best,  but it'll be a version of a Disney maze.
  My friend Kia's favorite place in the park anywhere  is the petrified tree in the Redwood Creek.
  That's fun.
  Challenge trail, which I hope they just smear  with chocolate syrup and let Jason lick it off.
  200 years worth of it.
  I was Googling.
  So I went, okay, we're gonna cover classic rock.
  Let's go with some of my 90s favorites and see.
  I didn't do a lot of 90s.
  So I immediately said, Bare Naked Ladies, Disney.
  And there was nothing except for,  they were going to play a Disney tour in 2008,  but Stephen Page was arrested for cocaine.
  And it was right after they released  their children's album, Snack Time.
  And I also kind of-  Another full Jason cover, please.
  Oh yeah.
  I also sort of think this is also what leads to Stephen Page  like having a break from like,  hoping the band would turn into Elvis Costello  and then like the rest of the band  forcing them to do Snack Time.
  And then he just goes nuts and gets divorced  and does cocaine and gets arrested and gets in a big fight.
  And yeah.
  Oh no.
  So then they get kicked off the Disney thing.
  Bare Naked Ladies also have-  What do you mean a Disney tour?  I should go back and look exactly what this tour was.
  Bare Naked Ladies also do a cover of Grim Grinning Ghosts  from years prior, which is a real fun-  Well that's a rare, there's not a lot of covers  of park songs.
  There are some though.
  And that's also in there and I'm trying to remember-  Okay.
  Other ones.
  That's what I was thinking.
  I was like, I wish Showcase could have done.
  Grim Grinning Ghosts come out to socialize.
  Let's see here.
  That's what Bare Naked Ladies have been done  from the lineup of this summer's Disney Music Block Party,  which was to feature them playing alongside  such kiddie faves, which Dan Zanes, they might be giants,  which I know they've done kid albums, I guess.
  Ralph's World and Raymond Simone.
  Wow.
  So they were gonna be on that tour.
  And Steven Page-  If I were staring on the barrel of that,  I might do a bunch of cocaine too.
  Yeah.
  I've recently done, I did an episode  of a Bare Naked Ladies podcast, someone else's podcast  and that'll come out at a certain point.
  But yeah, I have a lot of theories about everything.
  I see.
  Here's Bare Naked Ladies, Grim Grinning Ghosts.
  ["Bare Naked Ladies"]  Pretty fun.
  ["Bare Naked Ladies"]  Listen to that piano.
  Oh wait, it went away.
  I think it was for the movie.
  ["Bare Naked Ladies"]  Ed's doing the voice.
  He's really going for it.
  So I feel like I should agree that I like that,  but I don't.
  Oh man.
  I'm a little bit of trouble.
  Really?  It's got that Colin Rispitz,  it's got that Brian Setzer thing going on.
  But isn't that so the song itself though?  I guess, yeah, I suppose so.
  Yeah.
  Maybe you don't like the song.
  I'm a little bit, well, no, that's not true.
  I like the song.
  I think I like it maybe more instrumentally  than I like all the lead up and the variations.
  So I Googled Weezer Disneyland.
  Oh, it's coming.
  They're gonna make four, god damn.
  They have, I think they have something,  but on one of Rivers' demo collections,  he has a song called Walt Disney.
  Okay.
  That's an okay song.
  It's not my favorite,  but there doesn't seem to be much with them.
  Then I started going, all right.
  Just you wait.
  They will do a residency.
  They will play 30 times a day.
  Yes, for sure.
  Third Eye Blind, nothing.
  Matchbox 20.
  Wait, was one of your favorites Third Eye Blind?  Well, no, I just was starting to associate.
  Matchbox 20, there's a picture of Rob Thomas  and his wife in the park,  but I think he did some Christmas special maybe performances.
  That's the kind of thing that doesn't interest me at all.
  I was like Stevie Wonder, done those things, but whatever.
  And I was like, oh, what about the Goo Goo Dolls?  And then I totally forgot that not under  the Goo Goo Dolls banner, Johnny Resnick,  John Resnick did the song from Treasure Planet.
  I'm Still Here,  which I totally forgot about.
  Do you remember that?  I don't.
  I do not in the least, but I'm very curious.
  It's not, it's one of the lesser songs, I think,  of their catalog.
  Of the Goo Goo Dolls catalog?  Of the Goo Goo Dolls catalog.
  But I was like, oh my God, I totally forgot.
  The Treasure Planet song was written by Johnny Resnick.
  Got that sweet Goo Goo Dolls-like twang.
  And a question to the world,  not an answer to the other.
  Oh, a moment, a time when the world's  in what do you think you'd have said?  That is making a face.
  Like he smelled some shit or something.
  It's really, it was a struggle.
  I'll never be what you want me to be.
  I mean, that's the gist of it.
  That's a song to make out with your middle school girlfriend,  too, for 11 seconds before somebody's parent comes in  and says, hey, what the hell?  I hear Johnny Resnick's music playing in here.
  I know what's going on.
  People are getting amorous.
  The song is called I'm Still Here, Jim's Theme.
  So I guess Jim was the Treasure Planet boy.
  So then I was like, well, did he ever,  I remember him performing this on a special.
  I remember watching that.
  But then I found a Goo Goo Dolls setlist from 2012  from Disneyland and I went, what is this?  And it's not, it was a little anticlimactic.
  It's just, they did a corporate Intel gig  and played six songs and some video of it is on YouTube.
  So they did like some of, they just did the hits,  six hits for the Intel people  at a private Disneyland party.
  Probably not in the running for rockin'est moments.
  But they did play the park.
  Yeah, I hope to God we don't determine the rockin'est moment  in theme park history is the Goo Goo Dolls  playing an Intel corporate event.
  Yeah, but I was coming up short with a lot of stuff.
  There's not a ton of documentation on this.
  So yeah, so the Goo Goo Dolls there, they're in there.
  Is Jim's theme, there is a performance of Jim's theme,  but I don't think it's in the running either.
  I'm saying Jim's theme.
  I think the live music next time we do a show,  is Jim's theme in it.
  Well, well, did you, maybe you knew this already.
  Maybe we're gonna bring it up,  but did you know, and maybe you're saving this for the end  and I'm gonna blow it.
  1982, who played Disney Disneyland?  I don't think I do.
  Sparks.
  Oh yeah, okay.
  Well, so, oh yeah, they played the Tomorrowland Terrace  at some point, yeah.
  So that's cool.
  Hey, Sparks, one of my favorite bands ever  and they have very delightful songs,  one called Minnie Mouse and one called Mickey Mouse,  which they explain in a concert  that they did the song Minnie,  or boy, listen to both of these songs.
  I don't have them queued up,  but Mickey Mouse is a delight  and then Disney got mad  and was threatening to sue or something  and then, but then it started getting radio play  and it was like, oh, maybe this is actually kind of good  and instead Disney kind of said,  hey, we're doing an album of like pseudo rock.
  Will you come up with a new one?  You know, just whatever you,  I think it may have been, maybe even Disney said,  like, you know, just so whatever you think, you know,  maybe do Minnie Mouse and they said, sure,  and they just cranked out Minnie Mouse really fast.
  Sure.
  Oh, but Minnie Mouse is a delightful song.
  With the lyric, people say she's just a mouse,  just a mouse, the Taj Mahal is just a house.
  What a house.
  That's good, that's good.
  And they cut,  Disney cut an official thing to this  when they were doing these D, not D23, DTV.
  This is really, I think the 80s is where the levy breaks  with Disney rock interaction  because they want a piece of that MTV pie  and their solution is to edit a bunch of old cartoons  to rock music.
  But I watched a lot of those growing up.
  There were a lot of songs where I was like,  oh, this wasn't made just for the DTV video.
  Specifically, I remember you're the one that I want.
  I was when I saw it finally in its Grease context.
  So I was like, what?  This isn't just, this isn't a Mickey and Minnie duet?  There is some, I mean, there's truly like,  I feel like there's a hundred episodes  on just the original music produced, the covers,  all of that stuff you're talking about,  the music video channel, all of it.
  We can review a lot of that stuff.
  Mickey, she's got a crush on you,  could be a whole episode by itself.
  I think we maybe just got to do a splash dance,  which is also what Minnie Mouse is from.
  It's just an episode, yeah.
  I think the best Disney, in my book,  the best Disney album.
  Yeah, that's probably-  It's got that happy birthday song.
  Yeah.
  Happy birthday, happy, it's Mickey's birthday.
  And backwards we sing.
  Yeah, that is really great.
  Does that add, what's the Donald one?  The weird Donald one with the infomer-  Like-  I don't remember.
  It's Mickey, it's very strange.
  It's about him like using technology.
  And it doesn't make any sense.
  Whoa.
  He's a- Digital Duck.
  Digital Duck.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Oh, Digital Duck is good, yes.
  It is good, but I'm just saying it doesn't make any sense.
  Obviously the best album of the Disney albums.
  I think probably, yeah.
  Sorry to diss Simply Mad About the Mouse.
  Got a great cover.
  Deconstructed.
  Mickey's butt while he's surfing.
  Yeah, I love, whatever style that is,  that like airbrush kind of glossy,  yeah, that's an amazing cover.
  Yeah, so anyway.
  Totally agree.
  And as your, the most emotional song  you've ever heard on it.
  Gyro Gearless.
  Gyro Gearless.
  Yes, very touching, beautiful song about Gyro Gearless.
  A character I don't know or care about in any other way.
  He's a mad inventor.
  Let me do some other quick hits.
  Do you know, can you affirm whether any of the Rolling Stones  have been to Disneyland?  Do you know of him?  No, but I wanna say like Ron Wood has.
  He was on the list of visitors,  but I couldn't find any further information.
  But let me show you this.
  You know what we're probably both forgetting about?  Pirates premiere.
  There's Pete Richards.
 Oh shit, of course.
  In front of the Emporium.
  They had the premiere, I think a lot,  like where they do Fantasmic and the red carpet  was Main Street.
  So at least that we can firmly say Keith Richards.
  It really makes me happy to see Keith Richards  in front of the Emporium, in front of Walt's apartment.
  And imagining Walt looking down,  shaking his fist at that dirty rocker.
  So he'd be so upset.
  Sully'd my company by inspiring this, you know,  lascivious, almost borderline gay performance  from Johnny Depp and the.
  Oh yeah, cause Walt would have hated that, right?  I would have to imagine, yes.
  I'm sure he would have hated it until the money rolled in.
  That's all I understand about Walt is that  whatever blind spots he had,  as soon as the money rolled in, he was fine.
  I think so, which is how I feel about the alcohol thing.
  He'd love it, like of course.
  Yeah, he'd go, oh, it's everywhere else.
  All right, great.
  Yeah, and also, Walt also might say,  what's the year?  It's 2019?  Serve liquor in the parks.
  What the fuck are you doing?  Very possible.
  I would think.
  Here, quick hits.
  I got a picture of Tom Petty on a Dumbo.
  Oh wow.
  Tom Petty has been to Disneyland.
  Great.
  I got a picture of Roger, wait, what are their names?  Roger Taylor.
  From what?  Queen, the other.
  Oh, not Brian May.
  Not Brian May, the other two.
  I never remember the other two.
  Yeah.
  Roger Taylor, I think.
  The other one.
  Tip producers of a terrible film from Queen.
  They're hanging out with Goofy, so they've been.
  Ramones you saw, Keith Richards you saw.
  Look at this, Ozzy and Black Sabbath  in front of Cinderella Castle.
  Funny enough, that doesn't surprise me.
  Yeah, that kind of makes sense.
  Cause like all those horror guys like Disney.
  Yeah.
  There's a crossover there.
  Anyone who like kind of likes the haunting stuff  likes Disney and Haunted Mansion.
  So that doesn't surprise me as much.
  Well, one of the first rock visitors  I could see evidence of, Alice Cooper.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Like a silly theme parky, wrestlery cartoon of a man.
  So that makes sense.
  There's a pretty cool picture of George Clinton  and Bootsy Collins.
  Oh wow.
  In Disney World I think, hanging out in front of  big Tiki statues or something.
  That's cool.
  I'd like to float the possibility that maybe  the rockinest moment ever was the,  in front of Cinderella Castle performance,  seemingly sold all the way down to, down Main Street.
  Mega crowd came out for Jesse and the Rippers.
  Oh yeah.
  In 1994, where they of course performed  one of their biggest hits, Hippie Hippie Shake.
  And then sang When You Wish Upon a Star  with Jesse on big white grand piano  and a children's chorus and a string,  not quite an orchestra, a string octet,  maybe eight strings and the full band.
  How big were Jesse and the Rippers  in the universe of Full House?  Is it ever clear?  You would have to, certainly there's numbers said.
  It's like this is number one.
  There's songs that are number one.
  The one with the candles and the bad, the-  The Beach Boys cover forever.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  With the bizarre thing where they could have,  he could have picked any Beach Boys song to cover,  but he covered the most famous song  by the only dead Beach Boy.
  But that is what I'm, it's like the weird like sexy one  where he's like-  Yes.
  Filmed at, music video filmed at Universal Studios.
  Oh wow.
  Filmed in like the Mexico area  because it was going for like November rain.
  Music videos have to have like a weird desolate chapel.
  That was very important at the time.
  So yeah, all the candles.
  It's so sultry, but then him like still sultry  holding his two babies.
  Oh yeah, is he shirtless?  Who are not his babies in real life.
  Is he shirtless doing that?  Yes, I think so, yeah.
  Weird fake family snuggling  and then they're floating in a cloudscape  like that Eddie Murphy, Michael Jackson music video.
  God, we gotta talk to him about that video.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I'd love to, well, I mean, he also,  not only part of that performance,  but also the Kokomo video  filmed at the Grand Floridian Hotel.
  They filmed the music video and then in the same setting  filmed also a performance of Kokomo  for this 4th of July special  and performed Wipeout with the Fat Boys.
  They now mostly forgotten attempts to get in  on that Run DMC Aerosmith money.
  But Stamos part of all that, playing a lot of percussion.
  My dream is for him to play drums in a live show with us.
  To back us up.
  Yeah, and that's like the reveal.
  There'll be like a,  if you're ever at a live show in the next 10 years  and there's like a blanket over something  in the back of the stage  and you think maybe it's a drum set,  Stamos is backstage and we've got a whole thing planned.
  This implies that we've like so befriended this man.
  Yeah, but before he's been on the show too.
  Yes, like this is a future where he's been on the show  upwards of 10 times and then like, yeah, yeah,  I'll bang the skins around a little bit.
  For you guys, you got it.
  And it would have to be too,  cause like if one of us is like on it,  gets cast on a TV show with John Stamos,  then the probably listeners could put two and two together  that maybe he would show up.
  But it would have to be such a surprise  that we've befriended him behind the scenes for years.
  Oh, we can't have done it on the show?  We can, but it would be such a great surprise.
  You want his first appearance on the show to be drumming.
  Yes.
  With us, only one of whom is a musician in any regard.
  Yeah, I mean, I think that we can work that out though.
  I think you could play like,  Mike Love learned those two notes on the sax.
  You can learn the-  I could learn, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Four notes.
  I could be at least as good of a musician as Mike Love.
  Jason certainly is a lost cause.
  There's no way he can learn a musical instrument,  but he'll, he can do,  he can stand on the side of the stage and,  like he will give him a tambourine.
  He doesn't need to play it though.
  He can just hold it, hold it,  and I'll tape all of the little symbols down  so they don't make any noise.
  He's a pantomime.
  So he can wave it or I'll just remove them.
  So he can wave it around and it looks like-  Childproofing a tambourine.
  Yeah, I don't want him to ruin the show,  but I want him to be part of it.
  Well, it's nice of you to include him  even in an infantilized way.
  Yeah, I do think it is nice what I just did.
  I got one more throw and then maybe we need to determine.
  Sure.
  Okay, it's the big year, 1994,  just, hey, same year that NSYNC brought the fucking house  down where we can work it out.
  Further down the street in Pleasure Island,  you got truly one of the rockinest bands ever to form.
  I'm talking Bruce Willis and the Accelerators.
  Oh yes.
  Bruce Willis, the opening of Planet Hollywood,  Pleasure Island, Bruce Willis is wearing shorts,  a sleeveless Planet Hollywood shirt,  like kind of a tank top, and a Santa hat.
  And Demi Moore comes out and joins him  to like, it's the most like, fuck me eyes.
  Wow.
  She could be given, it's just, she's like hanging off of him,  just the adoration is.
  Wow.
  So it's a very sexually charged performance with Bruce  and Demi, and she's in sort of like a tube top and a blazer.
  Oh yeah, that was a look.
  It's, yeah, yeah, yeah, not so insane at the time,  but here we go, Bruce Willis and the Accelerators.
  You're the mother of a trip,  Check for the trade,  Can't hold it on for a little while,  This is like only seven,  Every time I'm on the line,  You're the mother of a trip,  Check for the trade,  Can't hold it on for a little while,  This life is only seven,  Every time I'm on the line,  You're the mother of a trip.
  I bet he's playing this still at like state fairs and stuff.
  He does, I don't know if he plays state fairs,  We gotta do a full Bruno episode too,  Because I'm obsessed with it.
  You better believe that was in that Hollywood Hi-Fi book,  Return of Bruno.
  Yeah, because fun time,  If you haven't listened to Fun Time by Bruce Willis,  Please.
  There's a video of that, right?  Oh yeah, it's in the concert.
  And then it's, Fun Time is unbelievable.
  It's truly unbelievable.
  I know people said like it was kind of a little bit of a goof,  But I don't think it's a full goof.
  I know, I gotta look into more,  But anyway, look up Fun Time, Bruce Willis.
  I think he believed in it.
  Yeah, but it was like he saw Billy Joel in Springsteen,  And was like, I can do that.
  Yeah.
  And like put in like maybe an hour rehearsal,  And that was it.
  And he's just like, he's jumping around.
  It really does.
  Like if you watch early Springsteen,  It does feel like he was like,  Yeah, I can do this.
  I'm fucking Bruce Willis.
  I'm starved already.
  The songs are one fiftieth as good.
  There's one fiftieth of thought put into them.
  Like a rolling seven,  Every time a rolling dies.
  Wah wah wah wah wah wah wah.
  Oh.
  Do you have any other big thing,  Or should we go out on Fun Time?  Well, maybe.
  I guess we have to declare what the.
.
.
  I guess we have to think about what it is.
  Oh, I should say after that,  That then part of that same performance,  Steven Stills from Crosby, Stills and Nash,  Who then performed,  If You Can't Be With The One You Love,  Love The One You're With,  With Mickey and Minnie,  In Planet Hollywood jackets,  Backing them up.
  What a time.
  And you know,  That song title,  That's advice that I would give to Minnie,  When it comes to you, Mike.
  I know you want,  Minnie, I know you want to be with Mike,  But Mike is taken,  And you are too, don't forget.
  Oh, yeah, that's true.
  You have as strong of a bond as Bruce and Demi in 1994.
  That's true.
  So, you know,  Mike is flattered, but,  Hands off, gloves off.
  Gloves off.
  There was an Onion article about,  Man realizes like,  Being married to Minnie Mouse wouldn't be as good as it seems.
  It just came out.
  Yeah.
  That's not that exact headline,  But it's that suggested.
  Look at that kitchen though.
  You're making your big inflatable cakes.
  Cool kitchen.
  Every day.
  One more quick thing.
  I was curious if Bob Dylan ever made it to Disneyland.
  And I found a story where he was touring with Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
  Bob was very upset about the lighting.
  Much like Billy Joel.
  Stop lighting the audience.
  Ever seen that video?  He's furious.
  He walks off.
  He might be done with the concert.
  I'm not going to keep going.
  This is bullshit.
  He's rambling to Tom in the wings.
  Fucking lights.
  I'm not going back out there.
  It's like fucking Disneyland out there.
  And Tom Petty says to Bob,  You've never been to Disneyland.
  Oh, that's great.
  And Bob started laughing.
  And then they walked back out together and kept the show rolling.
  So just thinking about Disneyland made Bob Dylan smile.
  Yeah.
  Even a little glint of the spirit made him so happy.
  And that's the magic of Disneyland.
  And we knew, and you said, as you pointed out, Tom has been.
  And Tom's been.
  Yeah.
  He knew Bob had.
  They had a conversation about it.
  You know, I just went to Disneyland.
  You ever been to Disneyland?  Tom seems like.
  I don't know.
  I've said it before.
  Tom seems like one of all these guys who was maybe OK.
  Like a reasonable person.
  I hope so.
  Seemingly.
  Mm-hmm.
  Like a lot of these people are crazy.
  Out of their minds.
  And he liked the Mad Hatter.
  He loved the Mad Hatter.
  He dressed up like a mad.
  He probably went on the Mad Tea Party.
  He loved comedy.
  He loved the Mad Hatter.
  He went to Disneyland at least once.
  He's probably talked to Bob like,  this thing's crazy, man.
  Like you're in a big teacup.
  It's like you're the tea.
  I'm kind of splitting the difference.
  I was going to say, it's like it really is a mix.
  I'm doing a version of both.
  Yeah.
  He's a little yet steeper because you're doing it at the Dillon,  which is more down here.
  Which is also close to Zippity-Doot.
  It is.
  These are really thin slices.
  Did Tom Petty see the country bears?  Maybe it inspired the traveling Wilburys.
  Very possible.
  Is there any reference on.
.
.
  And if all these different bears can come together  and put on a fun Roots show, then.
.
.
  There's.
.
.
  I'm trying to think if there's any.
.
.
  I don't think there's any reference to it.
  There's a Wilbury song called  Tweeter and the Monkey Man,  which is a goof on Bruce Springsteen.
  Oh.
  And it's just full of like making fun of his old songs  with all these ridiculous names.
  So that's why they named Tweeter.
  Oh, like a pretension sort of.
  Yeah, like.
.
.
  Because especially in the early ones,  like in.
.
.
  Like 4U and  Rosalita, there's a lot of names  and there's a lot of characters.
  So Tweeter and the Monkey Man.
  Wilburys.
  I don't think it's ever been confirmed,  but it's pretty clear because it's like Jersey.
  Bob Dylan sings it.
  Okay.
  Anyway.
  But they didn't do it.
  I don't think there's a Big Al reference or a Liver Lips.
  They didn't do a song called Liver Lips  in the piano playing Bear.
  I would imagine that maybe Tom wouldn't have remembered  the names of the bears.
  Might have not.
  Senbainet Chio.
  Henry.
  I like that Henry cat.
  Who's that kid?  That's a Jack also.
  That's a Nicholson.
  Yeah, who's that cat, man?  Oh boy.
 Yeah.
  I gotta find the ways to put up hard walls  between these voices.
  But you were talking about Party Man earlier,  and then you were talking about the  Jacky Man.
  Who's Party Man? Oh Jack is Party Man.
  He's a joker.
  Good point.
  Well, I don't know.
  What do we like?  What's the rock in this moment?  I think it's gotta be the Springsteen one.
  I mean, the Beatles one is really crazy.
  But it's also a crushing end of rock.
  He's on his long affair with the assistants.
  And then the other beat.
  It's all strife and turmoil.
  The Bruce one is like,  it's a bummer, but it's a very funny story.
  They're all there.
  The whole band is there.
  They're rebelling.
  That's rock and roll.
  A letter was written that's rock and roll.
  A funny rock and roll letter was written.
  I mean, that feels like it wins probably.
  I think I might, yeah,  I think I might agree with you.
  I mean, in my heart, it's always gonna be  a child whose name I don't know  performing King of Wishful Thinking.
  But, you know,  there's less of a bigger  message there.
  Yeah.
  Unfortunately, there's not too many options.
  No.
  I think what we determined.
  So you're saying  the moment is it's not the Gugudals  playing an Intel corporate gig.
  I don't think so.
  It's not Tom Petty referring to Disneyland verbally.
  No.
  No.
 I mean, it could have been those  in the Jackie Johnson episode.
  I showed some photos of like Ringo  at the parks, but we don't know what he did.
  We don't know what Paul did when he was  at the parks.
  But in this case, we know specifically what happened.
  Yes.
 In Springsteen and Little Stevie.
  And it was rebellion.
  It was some rebellion.
  They were kicked out unfairly.
  That's rock and roll.
 Counterculture is rock and roll.
  I think at all, all the ingredients  are there.
  I think that's the moment.
 I wonder what will happen  when Bruce and Stephen find out they've been awarded this.
  Will they come on the show to accept?  I mean, you start to run out of rock  honors.
 Once you're in the Hall of Fame  and, you know, if you're  once your guitar pick has been  donated to the Hard Rock  Cafe in Indianapolis, like  what else do you got?  They've won them all.
  And, you know, Broadway accolades.
  So there's not a lot left.
  And I think they're going to be really  touched by this.
 The moment that they stood up  to that rodent and said  no more.
  I want to know if Little Stephen ever went back.
  Hmm.
 Yeah, that's a good question.
  Have we just Googled Little Stephen at Disneyland?  Because I don't think there's  Times have  changed.
 Yeah.
  It's 2019.
  I'd like to think they'd allow some bad.
  Who would have could have imagined Disneyland was going to have  gangs of their own? Right.
  Not only, it's 83.
 They're saying  no, like pseudo gang  members.
 Now they encourage  gangs.
 Right.
  On their property.
  So they were right,  honestly.
 Yeah.
  If you're listening to this and you're a member  one of those gangs, it couldn't have been done without  Bruce and Stevie.
  The quick thing I forgot is  one of the  Stephen and Liv Tyler going on the Rock and Roller  Coaster in Disneyland Paris.
 Is that  part, is that a Rock and Roll moment?  Rocking on your own ride is cool.
  That wins now.
 Great.
 Maybe that wins.
  Alright, that wins.
  I might have said that wins to anything you brought up.
  I thought that maybe this episode  wouldn't go that long, but this is full length  episode.
 Yeah, I figured it might.
  Well, when you get us talking  about the Rock and.
  It's true.
 You can't hold us back,  Jason.
 It's a limited topic as far as  Rock is concerned.
 It really is.
  Yes, we stretched  eight mentions of Rock and Roll.
 I'm just getting  Bruce Willis' fun time warmed up.
 So keep talking.
  I'm just going to find the spot.
 Cue it up.
  Yeah.
 And you know what? The next  time we record an episode, I think you  and I, in solidarity with  Bruce and Stephen in that great moment,  we're going to wear bandanas.
  And if Jason says, what are you doing?  That's stupid.
 Then we'll  say, Jason enforcing this ridiculous  law is an attack on Rock  and music and all the people who believe  in it.
 It's time to boycott Podcast  The Ride until Jason's vague  and unfair dress code is abolished once  and for all.
 Keep on  rocking in the free world.
 Keep on  rocking.
 And with that, Bruce  Willis, take us out.
  All right.
 Hold on.
 It's that way.
  I don't have time.
 No, no.
  That's not going to be Rock fumbling.
 Hold on.
 Hold on.
  No, no.
 Here we go.
  This is the live  version.
  Pardon me.
  Pardon me.
  No, no, no.
  It's fun.
  Brown is what he's saying.
  All right.
  Hope you enjoyed that.
  You have your own fun time.
