 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the second gate magic edition.
  I don't know, I didn't prepare that.
  I'm sorry.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  Jason Sheridan is here.
  Hi.
  And Scott Gairner.
  Hi there.
  This is an episode, this is another theme park adjacent episode because it's about a  show that happens in Las Vegas.
  But as Jason Sheridan, who does not know anything about what Scott and I are going to be telling  him today, this has all the elements you would want from a theme park experience.
  And I didn't know this going into seeing this show.
  We're talking of course about David Copperfield's Las Vegas show at the MGM Grand.
  MGM Grand.
  And he's been performing there for a number of years, but this is the show that is currently  at the MGM Grand at the Hollywood Theater.
  It might be the David Copperfield Theater now.
  It is the David Copperfield Theater, yes.
  Okay, sure.
  And I think he's been doing this particular show since 2013.
  And it is something.
  If you're a longtime listener of podcast The Ride, you've heard me refer to it and  say recommend it as highly as possible and say go into it with no spoilers.
  It's pretty crucial.
  And I will say this, if you're listening to this and you think there's any odds of you  seeing this show, it is so much better without knowing the stuff that we're going to say.
  And I almost feel guilt right now.
  I feel like we should be recording this podcast in masks like the Fox's famed masked magician,  of course, because we're going to rip the lid off of some secrets.
  Although, except not because this is publicly available.
  We're not going to say how he does his tricks.
  No.
  No illusions, rather.
  Yes, but like a great magician, you two are going to make an episode appear because I  have purposely not done any research for this other than learning the show is billed as  an evening of grand illusion.
  Then I started reading about the accommodations on the Copperfield Island.
  Oh, complex.
  OK, I have some of this too.
  OK, so so so here, let me let me say that.
  All right.
 I also have I am getting over a head cold.
  The last couple of recordings, I have had a cold, so I'm a little out of it.
  So I am prepared to be I'm ready to be dazzled.
  Yeah, it seems like your brain could use a good dazzling and that's where we're going to.
  So Mike and I have now seen the show and I haven't talked to Mike about it.
  And I'm so excited.
  Very little.
 Maybe texted.
  Oh, you saw it.
 And then just the right the immediately after.
  And then you talked about him for a year.
  You have talked about this show for a while.
  It's been a long time.
 Yeah, I think I saw it at the beginning of 2018.
  I forget 2017 even a hundred percent credit to Jason Waller, our friend and guest of the show  from the Hard Rock Park episode, among other things.
  He's the one who really like this.
  You need to see this and you need to know nothing.
  But Jason, Jason Sheridan seems like, you know, you're OK with us spoiling the secrets.
  You know, I'm a guy I like to I'll read a few pages ahead in a book and flip back.
  Like I even if I know the conclusion, I like like the journey.
  I was a real magic kid growing up to I never did matter.
  I got I think I had like one or two magic kits.
  But like if there was a special on TV, I was making sure to watch it or tape it.
  And if I missed it, I was sad.
  And this David Copperfield show, a bit of an expensive ticket.
  So chances are you're not going to end up seeing it.
  I feel like I saw tickets not super expensive.
  Well, if you compare it to artist residency, it was the most  expensive show we saw of the three.
 OK.
  So, yeah.
 So I think it feels like it still is on the higher end of ticket.
  I would say without like super bumping up a ton, we were in the front row.
  Like for a was available.
  It's with.
 Well, why not?  It was not like a massive price increase to do it,  which meant that at the end of the show, we got to high five him.
  He well, he walked by us.
  We were a little farther back.
  He walked by us and I grinded him so wide  and I was hoping he would like fist bump or something.
  And no, he just barreled through it.
  He's been you say he's been doing this show for a while.
  This was not one that ended and began like Chris Angel has done a couple shows.
  Right.
 And he's moved venues a few times.
  Yes.
 Chris Angel's still always involves him curing, curing  child childhood cancer.
 Right.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  I just want to make sure I wasn't confused.
 Yeah.
  I've also seen that.
  Yes.
 So, yeah, you went to that.
 Yeah.
  Pretty good.
 We're not going to talk about that.
  This is this is I mean, that that thing is is fun.
  But but you know, yeah, I don't think either of us  could have predicted the wonder in store.
  I couldn't believe it.
  I couldn't believe it.
  I was grinning again.
  I was grinning so wide when the thing happens in the middle of the show.
  That happens.
 Yeah.
  Because I couldn't I wouldn't have predicted it.
  I thought it was along the lines maybe of the Chris Angel thing  where it's like he cures cancer or it's like just a crazy sort of like  silly pompous sort of trick or yeah, like just a crazy set up  or something like that or but what happens is there there is a story.
  I think it's almost divided into thirds.
  The first hour is a is a is a very good David Copperfield show.
  And then the last third takes a turn and he take he weaves a tale  that you cannot believe.
  But, you know, let me just as he saves the magic, the real magic for the end.
  I don't want listeners to tune into this and be immediately told,  don't listen, go to the thing.
  You're paying for this episode.
  So you need to get a little bit of fun.
  Even if you do intend on on on seeing Copperfield live the impossible.
  So I think this is a good opportunity to talk about the other ways  that David Copperfield's interacts with the theme park world.
  The main way being if you went to Disney MGM Studios  in the mid 90s is a little obscure, but you might remember it because this  these signs were in front of the park.
  So a lot of people passed by him.
  There was sort of a double billboard saying coming soon.
  And on the right was Phantasmic, which, of course, did come to Disney MGM Studios.
  And on the left was a sort of Gothic torch  laden logo for something called CMU Copperfield Magic Underground.
  This was to be a magic themed restaurant  that sat outside Disney MGM Studios that maybe you could get in from,  you know, like Allah Rainforest Cafe in Animal Kingdom.
  Yes, you could.
  This is this is such a weird, reoccurring theme park rumor trope.
  There will be a restaurant next to a park that you can enter  from outside the park or from inside the park.
  And I think if you hear that,  it pretty much guarantees it will never come to pass.
  Like the Great Hall restaurant at like  Universal Studios Hollywood, like the big dining room from the Harry Potter movies.
  You could enter from in the park or from city walk.
  And that never came to happen.
  Oh, I didn't know there was that.
  That was a rumor.
  I mean, they never they never announced that.
  They never announced that.
  That was what we were seeing on the city boards for a long time.
  Clearly announced.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  And the expansion pad is still unoccupied, I believe.
  Oh, sure.
 Oh, they cleared land and there's just nothing there.
  Nothing's ever been built there.
  It's it's around that area of Phantasm.
  It was like back that side of the park.
  It was like part of that.
  It was going to be right next to this whole new wing.
  Right.
 Which meant like, what a good double.
  Like Copperfield's come and and Phantasm.
  Dinner and a show.
  Yeah.
 Just to digress a little bit.
  Can't you enter the Rainforest Cafe at Animal Kingdom?  That's what he said.
 Yeah.
  So that one does exist.
  It is.
 OK, sorry.
  I was double checking while you said it.
  Copperfield Magic Underground CMU, which by with those initials,  I'd just like to say I'm glad the restaurant wasn't called  Copperfield's Underground Magic.
  I'm glad the CMU was not rearranged.
  Yes, they sure they just think  those letters with torches come out of.
  So at least they are.
  So at least the order of the restaurant was good.
  Not not much else worked out for this endeavor.
  First things first.
  OK, the only way is that this thing was and there was a sign outside  of Disney Studios, but also a truly delightful photo.
  And I boy, I'm jealous of the audience members who haven't seen this picture.
  There was a promotional photo.
  There is a the Disney MGM Studios logo on the left.
  There is a red magician's curtain.
  David Copperfield is in a black turtleneck and he is waving his hands  and he's making rolled up blueprints float midair.
  They say plans and top secrets and Copperfield Magic Underground.
  And you can tell that it is floating of its own volition  because there is a ring being held up, showing that there's no strings inside.
  And the ring is being held by Copperfield's assistant for the day,  Michael Eisner, who is in his weabiest pose, perhaps ever.
  In evening in a tuxedo.
  He's got a bow tie, like a spotted bow tie.
  Is that what I'm well zoom way in?  Is it Mickey? It's Mickey.
  It's a Mickey patterned bow tie that is like so crunching his neck  to where he has no neck.
  Essentially, this photo is so delightful.
  I remember just I remember seeing that sign in this picture and like, oh, my God.
  Magic restaurant.
  This is going to be nuts.
  Copperfield dressed like Steve Jobs.
  Yeah, like a black turtleneck jeans.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  I wonder if he requested like, hey, can I can Eisner look especially dorky  so that I look especially cool next to him?  When you sent you sent us that picture with no context.
  And I think that's the shorthand we have of every now and then one of us  will find something that's just like pure catmip or it's like,  no explanation is required.
  Yeah.
 And we'll like skip ahead like clear.
  All right.
 I've been clearly down the research rabbit hole.
  Let me show you what I ended up at.
  Do you guys know about this restaurant?  I did.
 Yeah.
  This is the Times Square thing, too.
  Yep.
 Yeah.
 Yep.
  So we're going to do this.
  And so you know some of that.
 Yeah.
 OK.
  The reason that it did not happen, there was going to be one and two.
  One was Times Square.
  One was Disney World.
  And hopefully they were saying locations to follow in Anaheim, Paris,  and Schomburg Mall.
  All of that.
 What? Yeah.
  If only.
  So they started building the Times Square one.
  And this is like deep in the eyes on Broadway and 49th and around the street.
  But they I had no idea how far this got.
  It was 85 percent to completion.
 Oh, my God.
  Yeah.
 They dumped so much money into this.
  It was a it's a giant.
  It's a four story, like massive indoor atrium that they cleared out.
  They're they started building the I don't know how much of the outside  ended up going up.
  But it was it was going to have a 40 foot tall copper field statue,  15 foot torches that lit up with flame constantly.
  Huge neon signs that like all lit up and then went to black as if it disappeared  and then back on and back off.
  All of this power just on the outside of the Times Square restaurant  was going to it was like it would have been as much power as an entire  average 40 foot skyscraper in New York generated.
  Wow.
 Outside doesn't count the inside where there's many, many  copper field statues.
 They even refer to them as David's creepily.
  There was full of David's every single hour.
  A different restaurant patron would be selected to get cut up  by an ever revolving circular saw.
  So like constant illusions everywhere.
  And because of this, like, OK, it's it's an outside restaurant  group that I think started calling themselves late night magic.
  And late night magic was financing this entire thing.
  Copperfield did not put in one dime himself.
  That's the smart play.
 So smart.
  He had money to spend on buying Bahamas.
  Yeah, I'm paying full Bahamas.
  So, you know, he's because there's they want this to be a restaurant  where there's magic going around all around you and you can walk all the way around.
  It's like it needs to be 360 degree illusions.
  There can't be any sign of trickery going on anywhere.
  So he's noting everything to death.
  And rightfully so, because this is his art form, but his notes end up  involving like what he's suggesting means we have to repore the foundation.
  Like we have to undo everything.
  So cause our skyrocketing in the specific quarter  where he's doing so many shows, it's like it's around New Year's Eve.
  He's doing a ton of shows they can't they can barely get a hold of him,  but he'll call it three in the morning and go, all right, here's notes  that change everything that you guys are doing there.
  And in this quarter, the Planet Hollywood stock plummeted.
  So it's becoming clear that the bottom is falling out on the theme restaurant craze.
  So they the late night magic investors start thinking, all right,  we're building a great magic restaurant.
  But with this copper film guy, we are sick of taking his notes and dealing with him.
  What if we staged a coup?  What if we bailed on Copperfield and instead just plug and play Lance Burton,  his main rival, who played at the Monte Carlo for many years.
  That's not even Coke to Pepsi.
  That's Coke to like sub RC.
  I like RC.
  I don't even want to be salt them by comparing that like you as a kid.
  You like to magic.
  Oh, you were an anti Lance Burton kid.
  I went out of Lance Burton in the context of now.
  I'm like, oh, Lance Burton.
  I had a Lance Burton magic kid as a kid.
  Really? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  So I wasn't so negative on Lance.
  I watch it, but I know I'm imagining it's important to contextualize your younger  like David Copperfield.
  I think it's safe to say one of the most famous people in America in the 90s.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  Which just literally Lance Burton was not.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Cover this like just transcended the the genre so thoroughly.
  Yeah.
 I think that's what I'm reacting.
  I'm not saying Lance Burton is not a talented illusionist, but like that.
  That down.
  I think Patreon subscriber Lance Burton is going to be crying after he hears this.
  Lance Burton doing a Vegas residency.
  What does he do? I think you retired on.
  Did he? I mean, that's fair.
  Wrong.
 I know.
  I wish I'm going to make Jason disappear.
  It's fine.
 I will.
  I will be murdered by Lance Burton.
  Oh, you know what?  This is all this is bringing something back up in my brain.
  Did I find a movie that Lance Burton produced a year ago?  And did I send it to you? Oh, yes.
  That's right.
 Yes.
  Oh, my God.
 I sent you maybe this might be two or three years ago.
  Very like shot in Vegas.
  She.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  Oh, no.
 We have to do that.
  Episode two.
 Yep.
 Yep.
  Yeah.
 That's right.
 He retired, but he has like made some movies since.
  What shady other people are in this film that I totally forgot about that.
  Yeah.
 It's like filmed in like unlit corners of Casino.
  Oh, it's called Billy Toppett.
  Oh, my God.
  Uh huh.
  Billy Toppett, master magician.
  Hold on.
 It's from 2015.
  3.
7 out of 10 on IMDB.
  Lance Burton, Paul Draper.
  Oh, I don't know any of these people.
  There's no other recognizable name.
  Not in Billy Toppett, at least.
  Let's see.
 Lance Burton directed it.
  Oh, my God.
 Self-directed.
  Boy.
  Oh, wow.
 OK.
  If only else this makes me have to ask Chris Angel, why are you sleeping on?  Make a feature film.
  Yes, please.
  Imagine scored by Jonathan Davis of corn.
  The sort of the sorting store he could get out of his body.
  And when I saw Chris Angel, of course, Pitbull came on stage at the end of the show,  which was unbelievable.
  I was so excited.
  So getting so.
  Yeah, he's he's buddies with everybody who's great.
  Pitbull's acting in the thing.
  Wow.
  It's time.
 The angel film.
  But I don't understand appearance.
  Anyway, Billy Toppett coming soon.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  To Patreon.
  Well, but so the fact that I don't think our listeners have heard of Billy Toppett.
  It shows the draw that Lance Burton has maybe outside of  anything that isn't come see me do magic in a theater.
  So they do attempt the coup.
  They float by Disney.
  Hey, we're having a little bit of trouble, David.
  Hey, we were thinking about maybe switching after Lance Burton.
  And Disney said, do you think we want to cross Copperfield?  Are you out of your minds?  They are against the coup.
  They say we're not part of it if you do the coup.
  They still went to Lance Burton's people who said,  do you think he's just he's just a copy?  Lance Burton is a copy of no one.
  You're just going to take the thing you built for Copperfield and slap Lance on it.
  You're out of your minds.
  Not to mention you think we want to cross Copperfield.
  That's the power that got real bad.
  So the coup doesn't work.
  Just like all that does is slow everything down and eventually the property is seized back,  having been built 85% out in the restaurant, never opens.
  Now, this is this is a deep Jim Hill media find because he goes into all this and he  points out an incredible detail on the exterior of what was supposed to be  Copperfield Magic Underground and is today a sabaro.
  That's all it became is a sabaro.
  But if you look on the outside of the sabaro, it's like very like  back lot brownstone kind of vibe.
  And there are cracks in the brownstone in a very Indiana Jones temple sort of where like  as if the power of magic is surging through the building and causing it to crack apart.
  So this random sabaro has the theming still in 2019 meant for Copperfield restaurant.
  Man, that's a magical sabaro.
  Yeah, yeah.
  There was a New York Times article that ripped the lid off of all of this and  an industry insider said, I can't think of another single restaurant entertainment  disaster of this magnitude.
  Yeah.
  Oh, and wait, and to that end, let me say the number.
  None of this was Copperfield's money.
  The investors all told lost 34 million dollars.
  With no restaurant.
  That's when you really like figure out that like there's no repercussions for like rich people.
  Like how where does that go?  Thirty four million dollars gone.
  Money is real.
  Fine.
  It's the money's not real.
  When I looked them up, they're still they're on boards of their health care board of directors.
  Oh, my God.
  Yeah, yeah, they're gross.
  They're doing fine.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It is wild.
  Yeah.
  Running out of money.
  The 90s revitalization, late 80s, 90s revitalization of Times Square.
  There was plenty of money there.
  As soon as you started talking, I'm like, well, they definitely didn't run out of money, right?  Because there was so much money floating around at that time.
  And of course, it's just insane egos, like insane requests and stuff.
  Also, building anything is expensive.
  Building in New York City in Times Square is the most expensive thing.
  Yeah, they literally for this kicked out to adult theaters.
  That's what was there.
  This is so much the Giuliani era, Disney, FK, absolutely Times Square.
  But yeah, I don't like and how is like even it's like we're in a weird corner now and it's like a sublet with Bucca di Beppo.
  But still, how is Planet Hollywood in Times Square?  How is like this decaying brand with decaying carpet like the filthiest carpet in that in that times?  You're a Hollywood.
  How is it?  How can it afford that?  How planet?  How many planet Hollywoods are left?  Six or something like that one in Disney Springs, Disney Springs, Times Square.
  I just this year, Vegas.
  Yeah, it's still in Caesar's.
  It moved downgraded, downgraded in Times Square.
  OK, I needed that Times Square one a couple of times.
  A couple of times in the 2000s.
  Yeah, I think Aaron had her or my wife had her 13th birthday there, I believe.
  And we went and had champagne there on the night of our fifth wedding anniversary.
  Very yes.
  Yeah, we did not have our meal there.
  Let me say that we're not that ironic.
  Is there any connection to what we talked about this a little bit on our City Walk Saga,  Wizards restaurant, which is a magic themed restaurant, very what, three stories?  Four stories?  Yeah.
  That seems very similar.
  I wonder if there's any connection.
  We could look into that.
  Maybe not.
  Obviously, just a great idea for a restaurant.
  Yeah, like led the way.
  But shouldn't that have been proving by that point that it wasn't going to work?  I don't think Wizards was thriving necessarily.
  Ninety eight or whatever.
  Yeah, I guess they thought, well, we have instead of just a generic,  because in Wizards, there was a level that was fantastical magic with a Merlin type.
  Yes.
  So they didn't have a star like Copperfield attached.
  So they were like, well, they just have a generic Merlin.
  Something to kick it over the edge.
  And of course, if really at the end of the day, Wizards was a themed restaurant,  and a very well themed restaurant with good shows.
  But what Copperfield wanted to build his quote was an interactive  entertainment experience from which you won't want to escape.
  I think you're going to want to leave the restaurant at the end of the night.
  You would think.
  This feels like the spot to mention, you know, the Lions Gate property  that was supposed to go in Tide Square, of course, collapsed recently.
  Guess what I just read last night.
  Lions Gate to build production facility in Yonkers, New York.
  Right outside of New York City, Yonkers, where some of Hello Dolly takes place in Yonkers.
  So they're building production.
  They're building a back lot.
  But they are saying there's going to be room for themed entertainment.
  There is a universal studio.
  Really?  Potentially.
  Yeah.
  Whoa.
  In Yonkers.
  Now, but I think it's working.
  It's not working with the people who pulled out of the Tide Square one.
  It's working.
  I think it's going to try to just replicate the stuff they're opening in Asia.
  Isn't there a Dubai?  It's part of something called Motion Gate.
  Yeah.
  The multi-story Lions Gate Park in Asia, I think, has opened.
  So I think they're going to try to replicate some of that.
  Interesting.
  In Yonkers.
  Is there anything like that in Yonker?  I don't know what's in Yonkers.
  Is there even a Kooky themed bullshit there at all?  No, I think just a plot of land was available.
  And.
  Wow.
  Where are like the sounds?  Because they shot 30 Rock on sound stages in New York.
  That's Silver Cup.
  Silver Cup in Queens, I think.
  Silver Cup Studios.
  Yeah.
  So that's how far is that from Yonkers?  I don't know.
  Well, Yonkers, they said like 30 minutes up the Hudson was the way the article described it to me.
  And I'm like, well, that's not super helpful.
  If concurrently they had been filming 30 Rock and then you could also go on in a themed experience  where you get to experience what it's like to have Alec Baldwin scream at you.
  Yeah.
  You go into a Dolby Surround Sound Theater to replicate the terror of Baldwin yell.
  Yeah.
  So I'll be keeping an eye on the Lions Gate Yonkers campus.
  Please, if you can just major in this topic for us and update us whenever you can.
  That's insanity.
  You can set up a Google alert for multiple words.
  Like I can I can quote the phrase Lions Gate Yonkers and it'll send me right.
  Universal Studios Hollywood, Lions Gate Studio Yonkers.
  Iconic themed entertainment names.
  What if this starts the whole like how Disney started like,  well, supercharged the Orlando scene.
  Like this is just the start of Yonkers being a destination for all the major companies  to build new parks.
  Oh, sure.
  And then like some other like, you know, nichey like, you know, like Tyler Perry's company  ends up building a competing.
  Oh, my God.
  A religious like a theme park slash chapel.
  Disney will be like literally the opening of Wally starts with that Hello Dolly song  with Michael Crawford singing.
  There is a world outside of Yonkers.
  They're going to be like, like, how do we get him to stop saying Yonkers?  We got to mute that somehow.
  They're going to remove it from all they're going to remove.
  But leave in that when he says like the world outside this hick town, like he roasts Yonkers.
  Like Yonkers.
  Yeah.
  Yonkers is kind of like a like a sub.
  I think people might live there if they work in New York, but it's like kinetic.
  It's like you live in Connecticut.
  You go to New York to work.
  You live in Yonkers.
  You get to New York to work.
  OK, sure, sure.
  But it's also in like I feel like any old like, you know, college fight song, I feel  like involves the Yonkers in some way.
  Like that is my association with the Yonkers.
  Go to a spirited town.
  Hey, there's a Lego Land Discovery Center in Yonkers.
  So they do have bullshit.
  Yeah, it's a Lego Land Discovery Center, Westchester, 39 Fitzgerald Street,  Yonkers, New York, the Lego Land Yonkers.
  OK, so Westchester, New Orlando, and there's an Empire City.
  There's a casino there.
  Oh, there's a Hudson River Museum.
  So this is a so maybe this is a city on the grow.
  I guess the right ruling.
  Keep your eyes on Yonkers.
  Yonkers is the New Orleans, tired Orlando, wired Yonkers.
  Inspired Dogpatch USA and whatever happens there.
  The other thing, and Jason, you alluded to this.
  Copperfield essentially has built an immersive themed experience.
  And I'm talking about at his islands, Islands of Copperfield Bay,  aka I think Moosha Kay is the name of it.
  Um, do you know anything about the it seems like you've looked into this a little bit?  I just clicked on like it's literally the corner of his website was like,  and check out these islands.
  And I was like, what he advertises the islands because I knew he had at least one island.
  Yeah, well, he has 11.
  OK, it's the Exumas, not far for it.
  The same stretch of island where the fire festival happened or didn't happen.
  Want to do it?  Um, I didn't realize exactly that you could go there.
  I was on my way out the door this morning and like, oh, no shit, more rabbit hole.
  I'm almost glad I don't have more because we got to get to the show.
  But, uh, you can go if you get you can get up to 24 friends together  and all this experience will cost you is, uh, I believe $35,000.
  But you will have you'll be on a beautiful island.
  You will have private lodging unless it's a weird lie like the fire festival.
  And you will get to there are, if you go to the website for this thing,  experiences and attractions like there is a whole I saw I found all this from an article  about his sort of like reprisal of, you know, like, you know, he had kind of a rough,  you know, two thousands with various, you know, allegations and things.
  But I'll got revealed is on the rise and he's doing this new show that we're going to get to  in a minute, but he's also making his resort, this tropical resort with all these amazing things.
  And in this article, I don't know how much of this actually came true, but in 2013,  at least this was going to, or I guess it says it had it then this is the tropical  resort has a company of trained McCaws that clean up beach debris.
  What?  Huh? The trash is picked up by McCaws or eaten by them.
  Yes.
  McCaws eating garbage.
  McCaws will eat your cans.
  Just throw your beer bottles on the ground and Armacaws will chew up the glass for you  and an outdoor movie theater that magically appears on the beach before moviegoers eyes.
  Oh my God.
  That's represented on the website.
  It's called like David's drive in home.
  Like a cookie 60s.
  No, geez.
  Copperfield and then, okay.
  Copperfield is designing a James Bond inspired spy hunt for guests complete with a helicopter  that will be fitted with computer generated motion sensitive laser guns.
  Computer generated.
  The guns are generated.
  Does he mean 3D printed?  What's that?  So what?  You get in a helicopter and he designed a hunt for you.
  I don't know.
  I honestly, I don't even know what to speculate on what that means.
  I don't either.
  What I want to know is how far away are these islands from little and big St.
  James, the Epstein Islands?  Because Copperfield is on the flight logs.
  He is, right?  Yeah, he is.
  He definitely is.
  Yeah, it might have been a tunnel from one to the other.
  He could just avoid being on the flight logs more if he just like popped into that slide and like.
  Yes.
  Yeah, no, I'm sure all the islands, all the sex horrible sex islands,  the petify islands are all connected.
  I'm sure I'm assuming.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So anyway.
  So also just as fun and practice is flying though.
  He's fine.
  I don't know.
  A little soft shoe.
  Just a little bit of fun.
  There's nothing strange going on with him.
  You're right.
  Yes.
  He's great.
  He's great.
  There's nothing odd.
  The most normal.
  There's nothing odd.
  Just practicing takeoffs.
  When I think Josh, I think having a regular one, you know?  That's what I'm thinking.
  A good old boy.
  Just he's always the Danny Zuko.
  He always was.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Nothing to see there.
  So there is on his on this website for the islands a listing for whatever this is.
  It's called the Treasure of Copperfield Bay.
  Oh my God.
  This adventure created, written and scored by David Copperfield and his creative team scored.
  He did the music too.
  It'll take you and your guests to exotic hidden destinations on Musha K Island.
  There are live pirates who will guide you on your journey with clues filled with magic and wonder.
  It's a three hour adventure.
  And then there's stills that go by on the website,  including the most SpongeBob Tom Kenny wraparound pirate you've ever seen.
  Look at this cheap shit.
  Anyone done this?  I can't imagine.
  Has anyone gone to his weird island?  And if you're a rich person, if you're a person with hundreds of millions of dollars,  you are probably not a weirdo like us who would want to do this.
  This seems to be marketed.
  This is the kind of thing that people would love to pay $30 to do.
  Yeah.
  Still, you'd be like, well, 30, a little steep.
  Instead, this is a thing because it's a thing that he designed on a private island.
  You pay the 30 grand to get your group there.
  And then if you want to do this thing, which is optional,  and you want to get the pirates out to do the little show for you, extra 20 grand.
  What?  Yes.
  This is not complimentary.
  Yeah, no.
  30 grand.
  The treasure of Copperfield Bay is going to set you back.
  They're probably equity actors.
  Yes.
  We've discussed equity fees recently.
  Yeah.
  Is this just a trick to get you on his island so he can abuse you?  Bill Q.
  The hunt is you.
  You're being hunted.
  Clearly.
  Right.
  I just saw Ready or Not, which is about that.
  I haven't read it yet.
  And this is just a version of Copperfield's Ready or Not, where he gets you to his island.
  And you get hunted by this 62-year-old magician.
  Weird man.
  Anyone stupid enough to want to come meet pirates.
  This is $55,000 to get hunted by a.
.
.
  I can't even imagine what we're building to, what this show is.
  I'm also.
.
.
  Like, this is so.
.
.
  I'm going to get to the show.
  I'm going to blast through the rest because it fades from this Halloween store pirate.
  A photo of.
.
.
  He looks like an old soldier or general or something.
  And on this flash website that is built, it pan.
.
.
  It's slowly tilting up a photo and like, okay, so it's like a Civil War soldier guy or something.
  And then it gets up to his face and he has no face.
  Oh, no.
  He is a clone stamped out faceless man.
  So you get to learn about this, I guess, in your adventure.
  And then.
.
.
  Uh, oh, and oh, I'm sorry.
  This is separate than the spy thing because there's a whole other section called Moosha Force.
  Moosha being the name of the K, but then they still put periods in it like man from uncle.
  M-U-S-H-A.
  You and your guests will experience Moosha Force, the ultimate super spy island adventure.
  You battle enemy agents.
  You solve the code.
  You save the world.
  All of this is live with secret weapons, laser beams, helicopters.
  Live the magic of the movies right on Copperfield Bay.
  He built a theme park that no one knows about or could possibly afford.
  Still might not be real.
  Yeah, maybe not.
  There's no proof and I bet it's like not photographable.
  Right.
  You have to surrender your phones when you get to his island, I'm sure.
  I, yeah, for because of the other stuff.
  Because you have to do stuff that they can't talk about on the website.
  Right.
  How did Moosha K hold up under Hurricane Dorian?  Who knows?  We could be talking about something that isn't there anymore.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The whole island is an illusion.
  Yes.
  Which is if he has like evidence to burn, he's like, oh, few hurricane.
  OK, that works out.
  And one of these sweeps through every couple of years.
  I can like lose quote unquote some shit.
  The FBI was on Epstein's Island and they were like, he was like, oh, they're awfully close.
  Jesus Christ.
  How can I throw him off the trail?  Mirrors.
  And computer generated weapons.
  We were taking our copters to the island and it just flat out disappeared.
  Disappeared.
  And then just but then also like then I also read that there's some scuba diving adventure  where you end up at a statue.
  He like got like a one like a famous sculptor to build a thing.
  It's like a waterproof underground,  the underwater piano, they like dropped this off the coast of the island.
  And there's a statue of a mermaid like leaning up against it,  beckoning you as if to play the piano.
  And I don't know how this part plays out, but apparently this underwater statue  was custom scored by Will.
  I am from the bucket.
  Oh, my God.
  Of course it was.
  I only found one article that mentioned this.
  I'm like, what does that mean?  If you're scuba diving, you can't be listening to music.
  He scored.
  He made music that's only for one scuba diving expedition.
  What the shit?  I mean, I don't even know.
  Yeah.
  Of course, Will, I am that is the right person to have scored it.
  A thousand percent.
  Yes.
  In between like, well, right.
  You know, I'm pretty busy making the new entertainment tonight theme.
  But for you, David.
  And then one more thing.
  There is a there is a little section on this website about where  descend to an underground tunnel and emerge into another world,  a world populated by the smartest, friendliest monkeys you've ever met.
  Oh, my God.
  Jesus.
  If you win, they will hug and climb all over you.
  I think whether you wish or not, they're going to do that.
  So they will lovingly touch your eyeballs and if you wish, eat them.
  And rip your genitalia off because that is what they do if they're angry.
  Jesus Christ.
  Remember, folks, the code word is Fidelio.
  Fidelio.
  Wait, and then well, what the fuck?  I didn't even get to read this.
  Travel along hidden walkways in their jungle forest where the while the monkeys read your mind  and draw pictures of you.
  What if you ever choose to leave this nature nirvana and if you're able to find the door  through which you came, huh?  So this is an inescapable monkey escape room.
  Hey, yes, it's an escape room with full of live monkeys.
  Where unlike most escape rooms, there isn't like the hour window.
  You might have to live in the monkey Copperfield's Monkey Cave forever.
  But the caveat to all of that is that you read that big description,  a very specific description about monkeys reading your mind and then it says coming soon.
  And he was talking about this in 2013.
  Let me just double check.
  This is a real episode, right?  I didn't just take Dayquil and Nyquil too close together and my brain is going insane.
  Having not really had a chance to like I'm refining this information and wait,  we haven't even gotten to what we're really here to talk about.
  Yeah, this is I feel like he is a mad man.
  He does.
  I'm sure after hearing that, he should probably be he should be in prison for sure.
  Like just if that's actually what he's doing to people on an island.
  And like whispering, like love them, love the love the humans go.
  Now, let me throw on top of all of this that this this bizarre,  like modern day tootin common, just like this bizarre figure, island owner, monkey trainer.
  I've met this man.
  I spent several hours with David Copperfield.
  Let me show you and I'll post this on the Twitter.
  Here's a photo of me and this fucking guy through funny or die in 2011.
  You're not five in that picture.
  That's no seven years ago.
  Long ago, we filmed for some reason.
  He suddenly wanted to make a video that's about how Harry Potter ripped him off.
  Why?  I don't know.
  And then he and his team went and found a bunch of weird similarities  between the Harry Potter world and his story, including the bizarre fact that  Daniel Radcliffe's first on screen role was as David Copperfield, Dickens, David Copperfield.
  Bizarre coincidences.
  He also probably saw Billy Toppett and he wanted to top it.
  Yeah, I think so.
  You want to?  That's why I'm enlisting producer Will Ferrell to take me to new cinematic guides.
  But I spent and I was there was this bizarre where we like got on a plane and then landed  and we're like grabbing a Starbucks from a Henderson strip mall.
  And then the producer is like, oh, uh huh.
  Here, Scott, it's David.
  What the fuck?  And it was just him like, hi, Scott, it's me, David.
  And I'm like, we're like next to a target where we're like buying props and like,  this is so fucking weird.
  And we got to go to his facility and his only rewrite on the script was like,  don't call it my warehouse, call it my consortium of wonder.
  Solid punch up.
  But then we're in this weird room that's full of like all of Harry Houdini's stuff.
  Oh, mega Patrick Nagel of himself.
  Those 80s paintings that I based Boon Biman like a giant like,  you know, like Florida ceiling Nagel of himself.
  Wow.
  Bizarre place to get to hang out for a little while.
  So I've met this man, this man who Disney said, do you think we want to cross him?  This man who's been capturing monkeys worldwide.
  Did you get a sense of his blood lust when you were with him?  Or did he just seem like an odd man?  I should mention that I spent the night in a, in a Houdini closet with him.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  We had a lovely night.
  He was quite a gentleman and the monkeys were very tender with me as well.
  Okay.
 Well, that's good.
 At least a wonderful trip.
  Wow.
  So let's, yeah, let's not disparage this gentleman anymore.
  Okay.
  So with all that, the show and I, what I think is so insane is that no one's talking about this show.
  No.
  How are there not people screaming from the rafters?  Do you know what David Copperfield does every night at the FGM?  What the trailer quote unquote for the show, the promotional video on the website,  is the most generic kind of like come to a live show, sort of like you would probably say it,  if you're in a Vegas hotel room, 15 side, they just play a million of them back to back of like,  come to this musical, come to the show, come to the King Tut exhibit, you know?  Yeah.
 And it's like footage from his old specials.
  From the old TV specials.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And, and, and one thing to say is that when you're there, you feel like you are in a taping of one  of those specials.
 There are broad, really sharp broadcast cameras.
 It's lit very well,  probably to keep him looking his best.
 It's just like, right? I mean, you feel like you're  just in like a high tech stage.
 It's such a slick, great presentation.
  Yeah.
 It was honestly, it was a little, the Chris Angel show is in like a bigger theater  and it's kind of in what I, it seems like a newer theater, honestly.
 It was a little,  it was, it was just seemed like a little bit, the theater was something a little old,  like a little old.
 When the show started, I was much more impressive.
  It's more intimate Vegas.
  Yeah.
 I was, I was surprised by how small it was.
 But then in the lobby, it's like,  there's a little nod to what happens in the lobby.
 I'm just saying the whole presentation of like,  going in.
 The thing that we're building to, there is a little statue that is your clue.
  Easy to miss.
 And do you have any idea, Jason, what we're, have you been there?  No, no.
 Okay.
 Okay.
  No.
 I have been to Vegas.
  When the reveal happened, I was like, oh, I, this is familiar to me.
 I have seen this  in passing because I've stayed in that hotel a lot.
  I had not seen it.
 I was just so shocked.
 I didn't notice the little nod to it.
  I was just, I want to say the lobby has this plaque.
  Yes.
  That is like a giant plaque.
 This is what you're talking about, right?  Yeah.
 And there's a giant picture of his head.
  So much text in what you're showing me.
  And yeah, there's, and it basically, it just says that, and there's talking about like the  society of American magicians, what they've declared for him.
 And they say that the,  basically society of American magicians hereby proclaims David Copperfield,  magician of the century here in forevermore to be known as the king of magic.
  Okay.
  Michael Jackson S he's the king of magic.
  Yes.
 And there's this odd statue of him, a bust.
 You remember that you've  noble looking off, dreaming up more illusions.
  And there's like the statue of liberties coming out of his lower half.
  Right.
 Cause that was a big thing.
  Exploding out of his heart.
  Yeah.
 And more like him emerge his head emerging with his butterfly on his finger.
  These are all free to see just in the lobby.
  Yes.
  That's the thing I love about all the Vegas casino.
 You can like, you know, you can like  swim in the bathwater of these shows without going to see them.
  Yes.
 And like a great illusion, of course, in this photo, I of course now notice,  I will only show it to Scott, Jason look away.
  There is our buddy.
  Our buddy.
  Oh no.
  So now is the time, like truly, if you ever think you're going to see the show depart now,  I hope you enjoyed hearing about it.
 But I, but if not, let's spin a tale.
  The show, the main show itself, I don't have a ton to say about.
 It's just a pretty good.
  Yeah.
 So here's what I'll say.
 The show starts and you know, there's some illusions.
 I've  forgotten some of it.
 It's hard to remember everything, but the first illusion, and I know  he's changed the show.
 So we may have seen slightly different versions and I've seen things online  that say he's workshopped this over like since 2013 and there's different versions of it,  which is fascinating to me and they're not archived.
 So the show starts and again,  I didn't know anything.
 I've never seen him live.
 I would watch the specials in the 90s,  like everyone else, but I wasn't obsessed with him or anything.
 Of course I was more of a Lance  Burton kid.
 But he starts out and he appears in this, I'm assuming this is the same for you.
  It's the box.
 The box is empty.
 It's a huge box and they turn it around, I think.
 And then  he appears on a motorcycle.
 Yes.
 Inside the box.
 Yes.
 And it is immediately clear to me,  oh, he's over this.
 He's overperforming.
 I'm not overperforming.
 He's overdoing the act of  performing.
 He's on the bike.
 I don't even kind of have a good sense before this of what he looks  like.
 He obviously has his died jet black carries in his sixties.
 He looks like he's wearing football  pads almost on the top part of him.
 He looks like real puffy up here.
 I don't know if he's working  out or he's wearing up like he's wearing a man suit.
 Yes.
 He's wearing like a wacky gender swap  comedy and somebody needed like to puff like like to go pretend to be a football player.
 Is it out  of the realm of possibilities wearing like the George Michael arrested development muscle suit  because it does.
 It looks odd.
 It doesn't look like he's just like a jacked 60 year old, which  I've seen.
 Look, I follow wrestling.
 I know what jack 60 year olds look like, but this looks odd  to me.
 Yeah, because he's still like little.
 He's still very little.
 Yeah.
 And oddly proportioned,  oddly proportioned.
 Yes.
 So I'm but very similar to one time I got to see Barry Manila walk through  a lobby in Vegas and sort of similarly just like perfect, like his head was just floating on air,  the best posture I've ever seen.
 So maybe there's just like, I don't know, maybe there's weird like  pre mummification techniques.
 All these Vegas guys are starting to install in themselves.
 Right.
  Or he's just getting like pack injections and bicep injections and neck injections.
 So immediately  he gets off the motorcycle and he's going half speed through, you know, quarter speed for like  a performer.
 You can sense it from a performer and it immediately is clear.
 It doesn't reveal it  immediately.
 I go, I got so excited because I go, this is an extra element.
 I didn't even think  about.
 I go, Oh, and nobody even told me, Oh, he's sick of this shit.
 Yeah.
 Which I was immediately  delighted.
 The audience we had so checked out, didn't give a shit about the show.
 It was so weird  and like they were doing their best to rev everybody up, but they did not care, which I think  made him care even less.
 So I was in heaven immediately to see this, you know, legendary  magician, not be forced on all sides.
 And I was like, Oh gosh, this is already good.
 So I ready,  I was just like, okay, maybe this is what everyone was saying.
 We're here just to see this checked  out guy go through the motions with this tone.
 That's just extremely nothing.
 He's putting like  3% effort into it.
 Yeah.
 I always wanted to live the impossible and now I have the chance to every  night.
 Yes.
 And sort of, and the only things that he makes a point, he'll like, he will learn like,  what's your name, Jason? All right.
 Now Jason here is going to, and that's the only thing he's,  there's the blanks.
 He does have to remember the names of the people he brought up.
 Although  would never be you would be like a beautiful international woman.
 It's always Alessandra.
  It's always a beautiful international woman.
 That's so they always go to that.
 It's a woman  who can't speak English very well.
 Cause it's such an easy joke.
 Cause they might not understand what  he's saying.
 There's also a kind of like, hello, hello, I'm over here.
 Right.
 He's very fun of  their lack of, yes, it's an easy magician.
 Yeah.
 It's weird.
 It's weird.
 Uh, and also I think  I was trying to figure out how many people are plants.
 Cause I suspect maybe there are more  plants in there than you would think.
 I think, uh, our friend Matt Mazzani, uh, was alluding to  your theory that like all was, was they all might be plants.
 Everyone is plants.
 Yes.
 I think there's  a decent, you're one of 12 legitimate audience members in the room.
 That's why they're not into  it.
 Cause they're there every night.
 It's honestly highly possible that like they make $700 a show  and that it's mostly plants.
 Cause cause what happens is when they do something with audience  participation, he like goes, and uh, and I'm going to throw the frisbee and the frisbee frisbee and  whoever catches a frisbee and then he'll throw it and he'd be like, we need a female.
 We need  a female.
 All right.
 We didn't.
 And then all of us for no reason, he'll just go, no, no, no.
 Okay.
  Now you throw the frisbee again.
 And then they'll throw the frisbee and he'll do like three or four  times.
 And there doesn't seem to have much rhyme or reason, but maybe they're trying to get to  a plant.
 Oh, sure.
 Cause he was yelling.
 He's like, throw it again, throw it again.
 Yeah, come on.
  And then he's like really exasperated and then he gets it to a different person and he keeps  changing how many times he needs you to throw it.
 And sometimes it's immediate where it's like,  that's the plant or that's the audience member I'm going to bring on stage.
 It was really weird.
  Did he have a thing where he did a bit where he was like somebody whose sister had died?  No, I don't think so.
 Okay.
 He did this whole rap before about like, you know, this man wrote a  letter to me and he said, you know, he, he loved, he always wanted to perform a magic trick with me  and his sister had passed away and he throws all this at you so quickly cause he doesn't deliver  it clearly.
 And you're like, there's a dead sister and a guy wants to perform.
 And then he like makes  him disappear and appear somewhere else.
 Maybe all fake.
 Might be all, honestly, it might be all fake  cause there are a few things revealed for sure to be fake that he does in every performance.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There is a part where the camera cuts to an audience member and he's describing what he's  seeing on the Fia and like, and there's an asshole behind you.
 Yeah.
 That happens every two.
 There's  a plant who's a guy who's like a dweeb and big glasses and the dorky hat and that, that, that he's  always there.
 And there's a lot of scene, the show three times.
 So we've gotten to hear things  that like that always happens.
 That always happens.
 That always happens.
 He also thinks,  I think the plants that there's a lot of highly likely that every audience participation is a  plant and Jason, I will also attribute the theory that all of this is about him just trying to keep  the record of the highest.
 Yes.
 The magician who's done the most performances and currently most  performing.
 Oh, I see.
 So by doing 14 shows a week or whatever, he's the, like the number one,  like just sheer volume amount of show.
 Yeah.
 He's beating Chris angel who's,  you know, I think there may be number two performing us at the, at the moment, maybe.
  So in order to keep this arbitrary record up and he's as he has everything he could ever want,  he's got exumas.
 Why does he need? He's a lunatic.
 Obviously, uh, he does three shows on Saturday.
  Yeah.
 There's a four, a seven and a 10 or something like he does.
  Oh my God.
 And it's so clear how much he is.
 It hates it, hates doing this.
 Yeah.
 Uh,  and it's just a compulsion, just some horrible compulsion in his brain to keep wanting to do  this.
 Yeah.
 Um, so yeah.
 And then there's also like, uh, there's a little hint to what's to come.
  There's some, some, some playing with the timeline later in the show.
 And there's a reveal to be  somebody who you think is just going to the bathroom who like David mocks.
 Oh yeah.
 And  that's revealed to obviously be a plant.
 Uh huh.
 Okay.
 Um, but you might think, oh, he's just making  fun of a guy who has to go to the bathroom.
 Yeah.
 But no sort of lured me in initially.
 Um, you know  what helps you remember a little bit, the things that happen in the show, cause it's all a little  hazy, but what does help is that at the top of the show, uh, you give your email address and he sends  you an email and say, and that you check your inbox and like, do you have it? Okay.
 But don't open it  till after the show.
 And then the big thing at the end is that you get a letter that he's holding  up and then, and it, the text says everything that you experienced tonight, including with everybody's  name, you know, uh, Anastasia was there and a young man named Marcus blah, blah, blah, like all  of the specifics, which is why it's a, it has to be a plan.
 Everyone's a plant.
 Um, well, or I mean,  I think that photo thing is that like, that's some outside URL that's changed out that are refreshed  from within your email.
 Well, here's why I think it's not because on our list was a thing that  didn't happen.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 There was a big reveal, big, like there's a big thing that happens in the  show from, I know you said it happens and Walner said it happens, did not happen when we saw it.
  And it's still in our list.
 So if it was so easily changeable, right, wouldn't that come out?  Mm hmm.
 Yeah, I suppose so.
 Maybe delete.
 Cause it's a pretty big thing and it doesn't really  impact the rest of the show.
 So we can say, uh, he, he introduces a childhood toy T-Rex earlier  in the show.
 And then at the end he makes it 30 feet tall and it's really cool.
 It appears out of  nowhere does like roars and stomps around the stage.
 Uh, pretty incredible.
 But yeah, it didn't  happen for you.
 Did not happen.
 It's like the plane and the water world stunt shows.
 Yeah.
  Sometimes too windy to fire that ball.
 So would hunk over the wall.
 He's still, uh, he's still  talks about it early.
 He still talks.
 He even did the setup earlier in the show and then just  didn't pay it off.
 Huh? So it like broke somehow during I guess.
 Yeah, maybe, maybe they had a call  an audible.
 I'll show you just this.
 This is what it looks like.
 Mm hmm.
 That is exactly what I was  picturing.
 Yeah.
 I was like, Oh, I bet it's a, it looks like this and then it can be just filled in.
  Yeah.
 It's very a plug and play.
 And then there's like, there's another thing like this where  it's somebody has to say a name of an actor and then like all these words specifics from throughout  the show are printed out on the actor's face.
 Did you still have that? It was Marilyn Monroe.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 And it was Marilyn Monroe in that, in the recording.
 So right.
 That's what I'm saying.
  Like they're always picking Marilyn Monroe.
 It's like this person was chosen a random  Marilyn Monroe.
 Right.
 So, all right.
 It's, I think it's mostly plants.
 I mean, oh man,  I know he really, he fools you.
 Would you have your letter open? Yeah, I have my letter.
 Okay.
  Well here then maybe here let's, let's see if there's anything, uh, because you have wristbands.
  Oh, I see what you're saying.
 Yeah.
 And then suddenly a word appears on your wristband,  but they could maybe trade those out.
 Uh, inspires the word.
 Uh, minus faith.
 Okay.
 So,  there's probably like a fan where, yeah, um, it's just a black light.
 Essentially you have a wristband  on and then he's like inspire.
 And then what's the, in this, there's, is, do you have a zone about,  we met the guy who's wearing blue boxers, the guy who hasn't been busy in 27 hours.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
  That same thing.
 Is it blue boxers? Hold on.
 And 27 hours of that.
 I remember that from the show.
  Oh, wait, wait.
 You select.
 Oh yeah.
 We met the guy who's wearing white boxers, the guy who hasn't  gotten busy in 28 hours.
 Okay.
 So it's a plant.
 This is like.
 It changes one little thing of it.
  Yeah.
 And it's a guy.
 And did you also have like a guy who have probably of Asian descent,  who couldn't speak English very well? That sounds familiar.
 And it was like, oh, he couldn't,  he didn't know.
 And like, he's like, when was the last time you got busy? When was the last time you  got busy? You know, whatever.
 And the guy like doesn't understand.
 I don't know that I understand  and then it's a big laugh.
 In my life, it's all strange person.
 If you refer to it,  it has to be all plants that for sure.
 I guess so.
 So it's all these people.
 And they cycle out  these numbers to be different enough so that when we cross check.
 But that's still too close.
  Yeah.
 Like you really would have to change it up.
 Just make 28.
 It's not the days.
 It's not.
 Just  make 10, just make 10 different scenarios even like, Oh, hasn't gotten, you know, we met the guy  who doesn't wear who goes commando and blah, blah, blah.
 But the, when the only  things you can keep in your, well, all your brain is capable of holding is just 20  specifics that you can change out.
 Otherwise it is exactly the same every night.
 I think as we build  to the end of the show, this is essentially the same.
 I think, do we, do we start heading there?  Yeah, I'm trying to think.
 Well, the only other thing I want to say about just magicians in  general, cause I saw Chris Angel and this show, so I'm assuming it's most magicians, maybe not  Penn and Teller.
 They are so goddamn insecure because the whole front part of both of these  shows are about everyone told me I'd never be able to make it.
 That being a magician was crazy,  that I shouldn't, I should give up or whatever, but I didn't give up.
 And that's both shows.
  Both shows are so much about them being children and people telling them they couldn't do this.
  You're like, you've made, you've been successful for so long.
 Like, why is it still the theme?  People told me you should listen to music that isn't corn.
 I showed them, didn't I?  He's at like the, what is it? The promise, the turn, the prestige.
 Is that just part of the  promise? Is that like building a story sort of stuff? I guess, but why? You're missing the step,  the revenge against your childhood enemies.
 Well, that's most, that's implicit in most entertainment.
  I mean, I.
 Showing them all.
 For this show, the Copperfield show specifically, I don't know why  he needs that element.
 His father will come into play, of course.
 But the element of, the element  of him, like, I guess it's always about like giving, don't give up on your dreams and stuff.
  Well, because they're such like larger than life figures now, can you even imagine that once I was  a dumb little child, dumb little toilet person, like you, you idiot, I belonged in a cave with  monkeys.
 That's so, that's how shitty I was.
 Now I own the cave with monkeys.
 Now I round up the  monkeys.
 I tell them who's genitals to touch and who's to tear off.
 Uh, okay.
 Yeah.
 So that's the  only thing.
 So they do a bunch of perfectly fine illusions, tricks, fun.
 What I like about it is  you're getting just a good, it's like, it's pretty, it's legitimately good if you have like sleepwalks.
  Very lazy.
 I'm like the angel, Chris angel is still going for it.
 He's doing like, he's performing at  full speed and like from the ceiling and spit like it's insane.
 Yeah.
 Like really nails or whatever.
  Yeah.
 He's doing it.
 Uh, I saw Penn and Teller when I was in high school at like one of the big  theaters downtown in Philadelphia.
 And I just, I remember them, um, really giving it their all.
  And at the time, uh, I think they were on a tour, you know, I think going city to city, uh,  people are excited.
 People paid money tonight out.
 Like I thought that I remember it being a very  good show and then they also seem more like a human beings.
 Yeah.
 They seem like people you could  talk to.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 It might be like not out of their minds.
 Um, but I don't know.
 I'm just  guessing.
 This cover field is at that.
 I mean, like certainly within magic, he is the, he's the  Michael Jackson equivalent.
 So he's hit that I don't know what's up, but is it, is there maybe like a  being the most famous person in your field is pretty crazy.
 Are you like odd and piled up and  are you, I don't know.
 I was, yeah, I was trying to figure that too.
 I was starting, excuse me,  trying to figure that out too.
 Yeah.
 What is, I think it might just be like, um, there's levels  of eccentricity.
 I mean, magicians by nature, I feel like are eccentric and the world around  it are eccentric, but I remember seeing like some sort of TV show where like Penn brought people to  his house and yes, it's a nice house, but it's still like, Oh, that's a house of person lives  in, you know, it's like a weird modernist house, but it's still in Vegas.
 You could see the road  out.
 You could see other houses around it, you know, not interactive monkey adventure, not an  interactive, you know, yeah, no, I think live in a spy game.
 He has stories about eating like to  lose massive amounts of weight.
 Like he ate only potatoes for a month.
 Like he had some sort of  crazy crash die.
 I think he's got some sort of bizarre libertarian beliefs, but again, you can,  you stuff makes, you can see how a person got there.
 Copperfield seems like an alien friend of  a friend of the show.
 Andrew Grissom sent me a clip from like two days ago of, of Copperfield on  Penn and Teller's Fool Us show.
 That was a short-lived show where they would have magicians  try to fool them, but then they tried to fool Copperfield with a card trick.
 Oh, and they did.
  Yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 But he was like, he's, he's just like kind of stuck in that sort of odd, like on  too intense.
 Like his eyes are always a little too open.
 So a little Tom Cruise ish, a little bit.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We're like, he's always a perfect man.
 Vibrating on a different frequency  from everyone.
 Like there's just, he's too intently folk.
 Okay.
 Well, I guess they,  and he was like, you could tell he was really upset to have to admit that they fooled him on  one element of the trick.
 He's like, well, I, I understood some of it.
 I understood a couple of  the moves, but then there was one move I didn't.
 So I guess you fooled me or whatever.
 Like he admits  to defeat, which I think he must've been punching the wall.
 Like that's the energy I get from him.
  He could.
 Made a fool of.
 Yeah.
 And then he never talked to them again.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Soft the list.
 He killed.
 Take them to monkey Island.
 So the other thing I will set up from  the early part of the show is he, it's a ballad about his father.
 He's talking about his father.
  And like he says, uh, he shows a clip.
 I think it is it, or am I misremembering? He shows the clip  of his parents in the park from their younger days early in the show.
 Oh, really? I think that was,  I think that's different than what I saw.
 Okay.
 Cause he, he shows it like the first and that last  30 minutes when the turn happens.
 I perhaps I'm misremembering, but it's maybe smarter to do it  earlier.
 I think he does it earlier.
 Cause I was, I was looking at reviews and since he's been doing  it 2013, there are, I think vastly different versions of this show.
 Yeah.
 Lost to time now,  because they're not documented online or anything.
 Yeah.
 And with like odd stray pieces, Jason was  explaining that there's, there's a really odd part where a duck comes out to the song,  shake your tail feather.
 Doesn't really connect to anything else.
 And that used to apparently be a  much bigger part of the show and isn't anymore.
 And he is, I think he's on record saying, you know,  sometimes it takes three, four, five, six years to get this right.
 Wow.
 So like he, he's, and it's,  yeah.
 So he's been doing this thing since 2013.
 So it's still possible.
 He moved it a little earlier.
  Let me tell you the version that I saw.
 I will, I'll set the stage and, and, and feel free to  jump in and tell me how yours was different, but things are, you know, a trick, a big, a big  trick has been achieved successfully.
 And then he kind of like takes it down a little bit and gets  a little bit more intimate and a little bit of music starts getting into the mix.
 And it's,  with the music things start getting a little bit Amblin-y.
 We got a big old,  they were going for Amblin.
 I'm starting to get nervous because you both have dropped some clues  or words that I'm like, Oh, I'm concerned to go on.
 And I'm also going off of like, we, we have  been smuggled a recording of this.
 We will not, but I would have forgotten everything without the,  this, you know, secretly absconded the audio.
 Was this song nature boy by elephants?  And for it as neck and coal.
 Oh, there's a two different.
 Oh yeah.
 You're right.
 Cause it's a,  yeah.
 Yeah.
 So he has everybody.
 He says, I'm going to ask everyone to do something right now.
  Everybody make the, everybody make this sign and he makes a little symbol.
 Imagine if you're  holding up the number three on both of your hands in a way that involves your thumbs,  it's that side of your hands.
 And then you sort of like bring them together in a diamond shape,  like your, your middle fingers meeting your thumbs meeting.
 I'll have you do that, Jason.
  That's very, yeah.
 It's similar to either the rock Rockefeller, JZ thing.
 And it's similar to  diamond Alice pages, diamond color.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So very much so.
 And then, and he's, he has  already make that symbol and he says, now that that is not Illuminati that which are like,  it's a laugh line.
 And yet he, but of course he's pretty bold being somebody in the only,  for sure.
 And the Illuminati for sure is in there.
 Um, that's not, it's not Illuminati.
  That was my father's way of saying, I love you.
 What this is.
 And then nature boy by neck and  coal kicks in there was a boy.
 Let me play a little of it really just to give you the mood.
  Or though now shoot, now we have an ad, now we have an ad on here.
 Hold on, hold on.
 I  should have had a cute up.
 Okay.
 My apologies.
 Here we go.
  That was always my father's favorite song.
 He said it reminded me of him.
  I was so stupid.
 He sent me a letter, but I didn't open it.
 And I always wondered what was inside.
  He passed away and I never got the chance to tell him that I loved him.
 And now I have nothing but  regret.
 Sometimes I wonder if I could go back and change the past.
 How would things be different?  That's the story that we tell tonight.
 A story with magic and illusions for everyone.
  Mrs.
 Someone they love.
 The applause line.
 And then, and over the course of the way,  I wrote all of that out as well.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
 I think we're both going to be going out here.
  Hey, take the wheel.
 I don't mean to be doing all no, no, no, no.
 That was great.
 I don't  mean to be doing that plan that by the way, I don't want to take away the joy from you of speaking in  that as, as lazy of an eloquence as you possibly can.
 And over the, as this is all happening,  you're watching an old eight millimeter film of his dad and his mom.
 Jesus.
 So we're, yeah,  we're reliving his, his childhood.
 Is he buying the camera? You don't really know what's happening,  but you're, he's bringing you into his world and his, sort of his idyllic fifties upbringing.
 And  then he reveals something major revealed, which is that his father, he was a military guy and he  only recently learned that where his father was stationed for a while was Roswell.
 My father was  stationed in Roswell, he says.
 And then there's the term for me.
  At least every in the, I'm sure all of it and all of our friends who've seen this thing, Eva and  Jay, everybody's like, yeah, that is when the endorphin surge, that is when my adrenaline pumps  in the theater and I get so excited.
 And then he says, you may have the, I, this might not be a  full quote.
 He explains that the story, the story he's, what did you call it? Is he called a fairy  tale? Maybe he just says, you know, that this, this will contain, this is about his father Roswell and  a little blue alien.
 Yes.
 You heard that right.
 A little blue alien.
 Yeah.
 And it goes, it plays  in our theater, at least to pretty much silence.
 We were, we were next to a couple that were from,  I forget which state they were in, but they were staying at the Flamingo was a party.
 They were  like, that's the party hotel.
 And we were like, oh cool.
 Or whatever they are not.
 It just like,  they're dumbfounded.
 I don't think that blue alien does anything for them, but are you, are you like,  are you and Lindsay stifling like, well, I think Lindsay is who's right over there in the kitchen  roll was rolling her eyes maybe.
 And I was just, I couldn't, I wanted to grip, come on, baby.
 Like  this is, so is this the point where the set is revealed? Yes.
 Now we're in an Indiana Jones.
 It  is, so this thing could not be more, he's going for Spielberg.
 We are now in an Indiana Jones  as warehouse, but also very steampunkish.
 Yeah.
 A very steampunk like kind of lab warehouse setup.
  It's kind of yet sort of minimal and mysterious and like, yeah.
 And crates and tarps.
 So was he  in front of a curtain before this or just an empty stage? I think there were things that I think big  illusions were like getting set up behind there.
 It has been a curtain that they changed that set  out.
 And he says, I guess this is after he says, my father left me keys to a secret warehouse  with instructions not to open it until a specific day.
 Guess what that, guess what that day is.
  Today? You're pretty good.
 So then he opened, he tries to open a crate and then there's nothing  in the crate.
 It looks like the joke's on me.
 Nothing.
 But then he somehow, I don't remember,  fill in details if you can.
 It becomes like his father is going to send him something from the  past.
 Yes.
 He's going to send me something from the past.
 Time travel isn't real.
 Everyone knows  that time travel is not possible.
 It can't be done.
 And the box is spun around.
 It's like a goal set  up to make it was, well, you, we did open, we saw there was nothing in the box and then the box is  opened.
 And this is the moment where we meet.
 Was this on stage? Yeah.
 Cause we had a different  reveal.
 Oh, hold on.
 Let me check with Lindsay.
 Lindsay, it was in the middle, right? Yeah.
 Yes.
  So it's a different, he changed it.
 Really? So he changed it.
 So you got it on the thing.
  I would just like to say the appearance of this, I was delighted.
 Yes, I was rolling my eyes.
  Okay.
 What's your heart opens to our little friend? Right.
 So he does, it's not the box.
  There was a box on stage, but in the middle of the theater, there's almost like a, I want to call it  a containment, a Ghostbusters containment unit or something.
 And he sort of appears from the middle  of it.
 He pulls him out.
 Yes.
 Oh yeah.
 It's very, it's extremely stitch.
 It looks like Stitch.
 Yes.
  Disney world.
 So he pulls them up in a thing of smoke in the middle of the theater.
 Yeah.
  So, and at that point it's Jason, I have a photo.
 There's only a couple photos of him online.
  And I don't understand if you knew, it's fun to reveal this, but like,  get the word out about Jason.
 Meet blue.
 Blue.
 Oh boy.
 Full name.
 Full name.
 Blue 32.
  So the show becomes about David's adventures with a little blue alien named blue.
 Now blue,  there is a statue of blue in the lobby and he's labeled blue 32.
 So it's right there.
  Millions of people are passing by this.
 Don't notice.
 And aren't noticing blue.
 Yeah.
 So,  and Jason, this is Disney quality animatronic.
 Really? It is amazing.
 And moveable.
 Yes.
 Because  he does stuff in the middle of our theater and then he picks him up and moves him to the main stage.
  And there's times where he's standing.
 There's times where he's sitting.
 There's times where  he's talking and David is holding him.
 This is this immersive, this is this totally interactive,  incredible animatronic.
 This is like, uh, awesome.
 Oh, but 10 generations later.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The movements you're describing.
 Very much so.
 Yeah.
 So he explains that blue was separated from  his family in world war two.
 That's what he says.
 Yeah.
 Separated from his alien family, you know,  an alien that got lost on earth and now is running around earth with us.
 Cause his family took off  that story that only this does.
 And he has a great message for humanity, but today is his  last day unless he gets back with his family.
 Yeah.
 Uh, so, and this is all said via like  pretty much how you just said it.
 He had a message, but we didn't listen to him.
 And today's his last  day on the planet.
 So he's going to die.
 Like he's basically saying he's going to die.
 He's going to  ET rules, right? Like that's get ET back to his people.
 But like, why, why is it his last day?  It's not, it's certainly not explained.
 No.
 Why it's his last day.
 And also, and the other thing  that isn't explained is he came to deliver a message to us, uh, but we treated him poorly.
  We mocked him.
 We didn't listen to message.
 We didn't take it in.
 He was also at Christ where  he's been like, he came to deliver a simple message that could save humanity, but we,  we stoned him and we crucified him.
 Right.
 And, um, blue is Christ.
 So he explained this is right  before that, uh, blue talks, of course.
 Yep.
 And you speak, you speak and he goes, sure I do his  may have your father taught me English, David.
 So he sounds like rocket.
 His voice very easily  identifiable.
 Uh, I haven't, I haven't seen confirmation of it.
 Even the goodest guy talking,  but it's for sure.
 Rob Paulson, Rob Paulson, the voice of Yakko from Animaniacs.
 Oh my God.
  Raphael and the new Donatello.
 Pinky on pinky in the brain.
 Oh, legendary voice actor.
 One of the  greats.
 And David.
 David.
 And he said, it's a, it's, it's a little bit Yakko.
 A little.
 I was  trying to figure out how to do it.
 It's like a little bit of a softer Yak.
 It's like a, it's a  Brooklyn.
 It's yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's a soft,  this is so much.
 Why, why is his name blue? He was friends with his, uh, David Copperfield's  father in world war II.
 What are you talking about? And why is he Brooklyn? Yeah.
 Why? It doesn't  make any sense.
 They David, uh, and then he, he, one of the first things he does, what's that?  Lindsay is interrupting in.
 It is that's, oh, I guess you're right.
 So if David's father  taught him taught him English.
 Oh, thank you.
 You justify.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Really? Yeah.
 He taught me  Brooklyn English.
 Yeah.
 Broken English, Brooklyn English, Brooklyn English.
 Yeah.
 There's a friend  that taught me all the capitals.
 Hey, let me sing about that.
 And then it, then it, then it, then  the first, one of the first jokes, blue 32 has to drive a piano master around the deep south  blue book, sequel to green book.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 An unlikely friendship.
 I was going to say the first  joke is that he hugs David and that he explains like that.
 This is how we check your credit  rating on my planet.
 It's not a hug.
 It's how we check your credit rating.
 Really weird.
 And then  he also, there's, we had a part where he says son of a, and then David covers his mouth and then he  said, and then he opens it and then bitch.
 Yeah.
 So dad taught him to swear.
 Right.
 Now this is a  thing.
 You're very, this is such a quick flurry.
 You're introduced to this character.
 You don't  have time to stop and think about everything.
 And you're just, so just like he came, he came to  deliver a message of peace and he came to save humanity, but he couldn't.
 And then when, once  he's allowed to actually talk, he is profane and rude and weird and horny and pervy.
 Yeah.
 He,  there's a woman, he sees a woman and he goes, she's hot.
 She's hot.
 She's hot.
 She's smoking.
  I had a barber Paulson, also the voice of the mask on the mask.
 Oh yeah.
 You should say smoking.
  I had, I had a girlfriend here on earth, a real wild cat.
 She showed me things I never knew were  possible.
 And then it cuts to an old lady in the audience and then he says, Hey, what's,  Hey, that's her.
 You still stripping that we had the same joke.
 Vegas humor.
 I guess.
 Yeah.
  I also, I'm realizing now that his outfit was different too.
 Is this the blue you saw?  I'm not sure.
 It might not have been in a little robe.
 I think he, he had more of kind of like,  of like, I'm going to say like when Jar Jar Binks is in the Senate and he has more of like a regal  kind of outfit on, do we know what we're talking about? That's sort of what blue I think was dressed  in.
 So that might've been an early blue.
 Anyway, sorry.
 You were saying, um, yeah,  you're okay.
 You're yes.
 Your father's having English.
 Uh, and then at some point this Christ  figure, uh, does what any good Christ figure would do.
 And he farts.
 There is a fart.
 There's a pull  my finger.
 He's like, your father taught me to do this.
 And then he pulls any, and then the audience  like kind of laughs.
 And then a smell was released into the audience.
 Oh, oh yeah.
 So smell  is the smell of root beer.
 And David, the David Copperfield says that's root beer.
 Do you all smell  root beer? So blue farts, root beer.
 So the magician of the century doing his six year Vegas  residency, six year long show still evolving and growing has essentially opted to have a great  gazoo.
 Yes.
 A voluntary self-supplied.
 No one's asking him to save a show like the Flintstone.
  Wow.
 Elegantly put.
 Absolutely.
 Yes.
 I found the actual quote I was talking about before,  and this is how Copperfield describes this section.
 It's sort of like an animated movie.
  Sometimes it takes three, four, five, even six years to get things right.
 So he's, he's seeing  it as like his Flintstones or his like, yeah, he's seeing it like that.
 And to that end, uh,  this character was not always called blue.
 At one point in time, this show ran for several years  and his little alien friend was named Attila the hug.
  Before this earlier, we were talking about like inexplicable executive notes of where it's always  like, it's not relatable enough for there's not enough, you know, it's not as, uh, too,  too out there, but this just goes to show, like, if you have enough money, you can do  whatever you want and get no notes.
 Yes.
 This is clearly an absolutely unnoted.
 Yeah.
 No feedback  ever as a, yeah, the switch from Attila.
 No, I don't think it's Attila the hug anymore.
 It's blue 32.
  What are these names? How do these fit together? So those aren't from the same, you know, Attila,  he's named like the, the, the, the hun, the monster talking about, I don't know why he was Attila  before.
 And then, uh, to your point, if someone were noting this, they might say, maybe you  shouldn't follow up root beer farts immediately with the dialogue.
 You came here to deliver a  message.
 We treated you poorly.
 We mocked you something he already said.
 We treated you poorly.
  We mocked you.
 What was the message? Love, love, love, David, love, love.
 I've said, I've seen this  once a day now.
 Love, David, love, love, David, love, love.
 The message was love.
 My message was love, David.
  I will mutter it to myself with no one around.
 Love, love, love, David.
 The message is love.
  The message is love.
 He's definitely pulling from, I think Mike, what you called it recently,  the Disney playbook of like nine words and spire, faith, love.
 It's the thing I wrote.
 Love, David.
  Love is a great force of the center of existence.
 Love would solve all the problems of your world.
  If only you would let it.
 If only you would let it.
 It fell on deaf ears.
 My journey here was for  nothing.
 I failed, David.
 I failed, David.
 It being David also creeps me out because David's  like in the, it's like Prometheus and AI.
 Like David's always, you know, like origin Genesis  kind of stories.
 Yes.
 Something about David.
 And it all reminds me of Teddy in AI.
 Yeah.
 Do you  remember when you cut mommy's hair, David? And it also with the, with the, with the Brooklyn  accent though, it also reminds me of Judd Hersh and Independence day.
 My David, it's my David.
  We gotta get into, we gotta get into town.
  I can't see my David.
 My David knows what to do.
 The message was love, David.
 I failed.
  They love love.
 So weird.
 But right after Rupert farts, what the fuck? And then we know,  why didn't, what, how would he mean you couldn't get the message out? Why not? Who didn't let you?  The whole thing is bizarre because it's totally shoots wildly back and forth between like trying  to be ultra sincere and important.
 And then all of a sudden he's just, you know, he's farting  and hitting on women.
 So weird.
 I was, I saw on one of the reviews that in 2013, it was a lot more  comedic.
 Yeah.
 So there was like more of that and less maybe of the sentimental in the show.
  Because other, yeah, the earnest parts are so earnest.
 And as I said, Amblinny and there's,  there's cameras up on stage with them.
 So it's like, and the, it's such a photo realistic  purpose.
 It's pushing in on him and pushing in on David.
 And at some point he later, he is like  dying.
 He's like cradling.
 David Cotterfield is holding a dying alien in his arms.
 I failed.
  Your father would be proud of you.
 But elsewhere, like 10 minutes before it was like, like everybody  up on stage.
 We're up all night to get lucky.
 It's so, and then like, Hey, dance, shake it.
  Boy, she's hot.
 Yeah, she's hot.
 When you said Amblinny earlier, I thought you meant like themes  of family and all of this.
 Of course, but I didn't even think to take it literally of like small alien  dying.
 Like, yeah, yep.
 Small.
 When you realize that, when you realize that we're, oh, we're  settling into an ET ripoff.
 David Cotterfield has been starring in an ET ripoff play every night,  multiple times.
 In the 2010s.
 He's in a cage.
 He's in his own monkey cage.
 Yes.
 He's getting,  he's getting touched by, he's being lovingly touched by blue.
 The only creature that will  love him as he has skewed his father.
 So he had to build a creature to love.
 He doesn't have a kid,  does he? I don't think he, I think he's like constantly married and divorced and.
 Yeah,  I don't think so.
 Blue is his child.
 He builds a child.
 There's also gotta be, if you're running  two to three shows a day, there's a warehouse full of blues.
 There's not one.
 Well, I, I mean,  I ran out of there going, where's the, where can I buy him? Can you buy blue? Can I get a blue?  There's one piece of blue.
 One piece of blue.
 Yes.
 It's for charity supposedly.
 Yeah.
 And it  doesn't really look like him, but it's a fanny pack, right? So it's a weird little like cloth  pocket.
 Yeah.
 Not even a stuffed blue.
 Cause there was a stuff blue.
 I would be looking at it,  right? Mike, there's a little blue statue outside the theater, but you can't buy it.
 Oh my God.
  That doesn't look like him at all.
 Yeah.
 This also, by the way, that one, that what you just showed  the, the merch looks a little more Mack and me ish.
 Well, that has already been an ET ripoff.
  So we're, we're in another down the line, bizarre pseudo ET.
 I, yeah, I immediately, I did think  Mack and me, I thought it was like a little blue Mack and me.
 Yeah.
 I wonder, I would love to see  the evolution of the, the alien.
 Cause I'm sure if he's changing stuff as much as it sounds like  there has to be, yeah.
 As you're saying, so many.
 Oh, wait a minute.
 Oh my God.
 This has been right in  front of me the whole time.
 I just found an old photo.
 So they used to email you a picture of  the celebrity you picked, which were they made be Brad Pitt for a long time, I guess.
 But in that  email blue is in it.
 But I think this is when he was named Attila the hug because he is green.
  They changed his color.
 They've changed so much about him.
 Yeah.
 Interesting.
 I should mention  also that he, David Carpfield revealed via an Instagram that because he congratulated the designer  of blue on winning an Academy award.
 This guy is a sculptor and a makeup artist.
 Wow.
 Kazuhiro Tsuji  who did the makeup on in darkest hour to transform Gary Oldman into into Churchill.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 He was  a protege of Rick Baker.
 He's the guy who turned a Joseph Gordon Levitt into Bruce Willis in looper.
  Wow.
 And he did all, he did the makeup that turned Tim Roth into the devious general fade  new planet of the apes all hail fade.
 So this is major, major guy.
 So we signed blue.
 Is he just on  like constant, like he's getting calls for the last five years.
 Like it's not right yet.
 Blue isn't  right yet.
 You know what I want them to be? I want them to have bigger ears.
 Get away.
 Can you,  you know, take your face out of Gary Oldman's ass for a minute and get back here and do what's  important.
 Fly to Moosheke tonight.
 I will send a monkey driven plane.
 What the monkeys do with  you with the wish.
 If you encounter any enemies on the way, there are computer generated guns.
  Boy, fire your lasers.
 And of course, if any of that doesn't work, just give the signal of love  that my father gave me as a child.
 Don't forget to bring bananas for the pilot.
  That's the main way to guarantee he doesn't repute.
 That's your ticket.
 One of my favorite  things is on TripAdvisor, the reviews of David Copperfield, this review just says an alien?  Really? Two stars.
 The only references are people who hated it and they said, and somebody else is  like, I like the show.
 But then he did this alien skit.
 I mean, WTF with that.
 How long does the  alien thing go on for? 35.
 It's the last third of the piece.
 And then there's, there is some other,  he does like prediction bits essentially that blue is around, but not really participating in just  like get up on stage.
 Come on up.
 You look hot.
 Yeah.
 That's when he, yeah.
 So we should also say  that when they're bouncing back and forth tonally, he's also set up and I, and now I'm  misremembering a little bit.
 Oh yeah.
 He goes, blue goes, David look.
 And then David looks over and  all of a sudden an hourglass appears and it's explained to the audience that once the sand  run out, blue dies.
 He's going to die.
 They don't explain why they don't explain what  force is behind this.
 But seemingly his family left him a long time ago.
 And you don't know why  his family left.
 Why'd your family leave you? I don't know.
 Yeah.
 It's the guy tired of me.
  It doesn't, I don't know.
 Sorry, David.
 I can't help it.
 So they start the ticking clock of blue  dying.
 And that's why, especially it's so bizarre when they just like play get lucky by daft punk  and it's like, well, blue is going to die.
 Why are we, why are we in games? Yeah.
 I truly thought  at some point he was going to make like time go backwards.
 He was going to break.
 Well,  you see, in addition to, if there's, if these, if there weren't enough hats on hats on hats,  blue, the group you're farting alien from the forties also, does he just have them? Does he  poop them? Why? What, where do they come from? He has time stone.
 He has access to time stone.
  I'm stone.
 So David, David sees the alien.
 He knows aliens exist.
 Now he accepts that reality,  but David is still a bit of a skeptic.
 He tells people to, they can achieve the impossible,  but time travel doesn't exist.
 It's impossible.
 There's no way time travel exists.
 Of course,  that's, that's, there's no way.
 And blue explains that he has a time stone.
 He also explains,  he shows David a P as a picture of him and David from the future, I believe.
  And he's like, what, this is a pic.
 He goes, that good Photoshop.
  No, no, no, David, this is a win.
 Yeah.
 And then real deal blue gives him a time stone,  which is just like glowing, you know, rock or whatever.
 I wonder how long the time stone has  been in.
 Yeah.
 Cause do we know when this recording hole, do we know when the recording is from?  I think it was two years ago, two years ago.
 Cause I was wondering, did he see Avengers infinity war?  And then that's cause there's a time stone in that movie.
 Just verbatim.
 Good idea.
 The show has  been, it's too Spielberg.
 It's time to make it more Russo.
 Although it could, because of course  that's been in the comics for years.
 Obviously there's probably other media which used a time  stone.
 That's such a lazy stone.
 Time stone.
 Time stone.
 I think the blue poops, the time stones.
  Yeah.
 That's the rigored.
 And that's why there's root beer farts is it's like a precursor to  he's like the, he's there's a bowel movement and then plot time stone.
  Can I just ask? Yeah.
 I don't want to ruin your prestige.
  Does he use the, does he use time to make his father appear so he could say, I love you by doing the hand thing?  You're very close.
 You're really close.
 I'm in the ballpark.
 Yeah.
 Should we, should we keep getting there?  Keep going.
 Keep going.
 You're really close though.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Uh, somehow I don't know why this  happened.
 He, he's, oh, uh, blue says I need everybody to give me the fingers.
  And then, and like what? Oh no, not that.
 Not that finger.
 The sign of love.
 And then, or this,  and it turns out that the dad learned this hand symbol from blue.
 It's their species.
 It's the  alien symbol of love.
 So everybody needs to make the symbol and then that makes the time stone.
  I don't know.
 I get confused in here.
 That's, I know it still makes any sense.
 I know my  note either.
 Ask Desiree and it cuts to an audience.
 At some point also it cuts to an  audience member.
 There's another root beer smell release and he goes, nah, it wasn't me.
 It was her.
  Right.
 And then it cuts to a woman in the audience who looks embarrassed.
 Then it zooms out a little  bit and there's a big jug of root beer on her table.
 I don't know if we had that.
 Okay.
 Maybe  it was cut because it is very confusing.
 Yeah.
 You drink root beer and then that's a familiar  that is pure root beer.
 There is no food that where the fart smells exactly like the food smell.
  Or does the jug just smell that potent? Maybe.
 Yeah.
 Is it just that? Yeah.
 It's something about  that.
 What's the Vegas atmosphere? It's being carrying right cigarette smoke.
 Maybe that's it.
  But then I brought this up to people who are like, no, no, no.
 The smell implies that the woman  like drinks so much root beer.
 No, no, no.
 This is what the other, the other theory was that she  smells like root beer because she sucked blues dick.
 Oh, whoa.
 Really? I don't know how that works  either.
 But why would you have root beer then? No, it could have could.
 Do you not get this? How many  people told you that? That's two people.
 Wow.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 No, she like sucked off blues.
  So she smells like root beer now.
 But then there's a jug.
 This is more doesn't make sense.
  This is all letting me know.
 Notes are important.
 Maybe.
 Yeah.
 As I rant about  network notes, somebody needed to come in and clarify is does she smell like root beer because  she drank so much root beer or because she fucked blue.
 It would be really great if David would ask  you for notes afterward because you've worked with him before.
 Hey, you're right.
 I did give him notes.
  Yeah.
 So yes, I'm a creative figure that he trusts.
 You know, you should email that email  address back some notes.
 Oh, you're right.
 I have David's email.
 We all have David's email.
  This message has notes, David.
 My message is revised.
 My vest.
 My message is tighten up.
  Totally.
 He's really hot.
 I like what she's wearing.
 Tell us your I don't know.
 This is important.
  Somebody he learns what dancing is and then he dances a little bit and then David says,  wow, it's like Bruno from Mars.
 Bruno from Mars.
 Bruno from Mars.
 No idea who that is.
  Some stage dancing to Daft Punk.
 Right.
 Why old song now? And still it's what they were still  using.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Daft Punk still in ours.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Get lucky.
 No, it was her.
 OK.
 And then  somehow it was but this dancing and he learns how to dance and root beer farts.
 But then back to  love could have solved all the problems of your world, but nobody listened.
 And then he's dying  and he'd like I'll never see my family again.
 It's OK.
 You're my family man.
 David is his new  father.
 But then he remembers the time stone.
 Maybe you can go back.
 And then out of nowhere,  he says, David, in this lighting, you look like George Clooney.
 Two lines after it's OK.
 You're  my right now.
 And then that is still on the show.
 And you know that can't get cut.
 No, the compliment  to the compliment of how handsome he is has to be in the show.
 Why does he say that when he's dying?  It doesn't make any.
 Yeah.
 I mean, that's obviously a good justification as he's losing his mind  because it's being taken over by again, we don't know.
 Why are you dying? We don't know.
  Today's the day.
 He's been around since World War II.
 He's been alive since World War II.
  And it's not just like he's like he's very old and he's dying.
 He seems young and again,  very vibrant.
 But I think he's not.
 Wait, or is he young? He's sent by the he sent with a time  stone in a crate by Copperfield's father.
 I'm going to send my son, who I know, right.
 I know  in the 40s that my son will be a big magician with his own theater in Las Vegas.
 Except, no,  I think that's to be in the crate.
 OK, you're right.
 Your inception.
 Do you feel audience?  Are you following this at all? You're right.
 But I guess I'm confused by the hourglass because like,  why would today be the day if he time traveled? If you have access to time stones.
 Right.
 Because if  you because I guess my confusion was like, OK, I could see he was lost in World War II.
 And then  today is obviously the day.
 But if he was time traveling, then like, why do they send? Why does  father send him to the day when he's going to die? You know what I mean? That doesn't make sense.
  Yeah, he should have kept him in if he knew because Blue already knew this was the day he  was going to die.
 It's probably more likely you could find his family back in the 40s where he's  from.
 I think it just happened and he should have time traveled like a few days earlier.
  Was he just in the crate for like 70 years? Not sure.
 It's unclear.
 Again, he has a time stone.
  So I think he's and David says I'm getting a package from my father in the future.
  But is that like Back to the Future 2 where it's just been sitting at Western Union for 80 years?  No, right.
 He's dying because he's suffocating in a crate.
 Let me out.
 Let me out.
  Subsisting on his own root beer farts for sustenance.
 Eating and re swallowing and regurgitating  the same time stone over and over.
 Poor Blue.
 That's all I have to say.
 So where are we at now?  We're getting to the end.
 It's all happening at once.
 It's sort of like a good case for time being  not real too because I sort of feel like it all happened at once and I didn't see it linearly.
  Time is a flat circle.
 Time is a flat circle.
 But I think this is the point.
 Well, also he keeps  mentioning you have to get back to your family and to Lucy.
 Yes.
 Lucy.
 We've got to find Lucy.
  Is Lucy a member of his family, I guess? I'm not sure.
 We've got to find the family.
 How do we do  it? Everybody makes the symbol, right? Yeah.
 The symbol of love.
 The lights go out and in the  center of the room appears a massive hulking UFO.
 Jaw dropping.
 Incredible.
 Incredible.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's flying above us.
 It doesn't.
 Close enough to touch almost.
 You're seeing every detail on it.
  It seems dangerous.
 Yeah.
 Barely any clearance above your head.
 If you stood up, you'd bonk  your head on it.
 I couldn't see it, but there's obviously something coming from the stage that's  holding it up, but it's hard to see it.
 You can't see it.
 You had a lot of lights getting blasted.
  That's part of it.
 But it's euphoria in the room at this point.
 Oh, they, if you weren't on board  with any of this alien skit, now you are on board.
 You are weeping.
 It's amazing.
 I hate to go back,  but before you do the symbol, we all do the symbol once and it doesn't work.
 Okay.
 And then he says,  then Blue is really upset because he's mad at us because he says, they weren't focused.
 They  weren't concentrating.
 So he's like mad that we didn't do a good enough job to summon that.
 They  didn't really mean it.
 Yeah.
 They didn't really mean it.
 They were feeling idiots.
  So yeah, anyway, the UFO and then the UFO goes through back through like through the stage,  essentially.
 Yeah.
 Which is again, very impressive.
 And I'm not sure cuts to a video where the  ship is hovering.
 It's in the room and blues in the room, but then it goes outside  of the MGM grant.
 It's the actual hotel.
 It's grainy.
 It's grainy UFO ish looking like, you know,  like the cell phone camera footage, which also doesn't make sense because it should just be  like a good quality looking footage.
 That's like a go to Vegas trope.
 Cause remember the  Star Trek attraction, right? Yes.
 Flew over all the casinos.
 Um, the very bad New York,  New York roller coaster.
 Yeah.
 CGI.
 When that had VR, you flew over everything.
 And then a spaceship  landed only the casinos.
 They had the rights to show.
 Yes.
 Only the ones in their family.
  Um, yeah.
 So you're at, so you know, and then also when the ship is revealed, blue yells Lucy.
  And then cover field over all the euphoria.
 Lucy was the name of the share.
  Oh, okay.
 Bring her outside.
 His delivery gets really odd.
  And then there's the footage of the, of the UFO over the MGM grand.
 And then it's kind of like  a little bit in silhouette.
 You see the inside of it and you see blue reuniting with,  I forget, is it one alien? I don't remember.
 It's for sure.
 At least one, it might be two,  but they like kind of reunite because it like zooms in on the UFO.
 And it's just,  it's unbelievable.
 And so insane.
 And I'm, and he says he gives, there's a hug or something.
 Is  it a hug before he leaves? And then, and then the reprisal of that's not a hug.
 I was just  checking your credit score.
 Yeah.
 I think it's right before he leaves.
 Um, and,  God, I'm getting, I'm so, we've been talking for three hours about this.
 I know.
 Uh,  at some point over the course of this, he says, David, your, your father would be so proud  because he made the ship appear.
 Uh huh.
 Father would be proud of you.
 Just put the, then it,  it becomes all about resolving the dad thing and putting words into his dad's mouth.
 Who's in real  life is deceased, I guess.
 Well, it's, I hate to digress one more time.
 Uh, so he's dying in David's  arms.
 Yeah.
 And it's like the, cause the hourglass ran out and then this is before the UFO and stuff.
  And then it's explained just like the time stone and they go back in time and he's alive.
 And then  all that stuff happens.
 Oh yeah.
 I think I'm out of order.
 Yeah.
 The time stones.
 It's my last one.
  Yeah.
 So more stuff.
 So like, but it doesn't explain like how they fixed it or whatever.
  He just gets the time stone.
 They go back in time and then Lucy, the UFO appears,  but then doesn't aren't they, don't my brain is breaking.
 Don't they use the time stone to  make the dad thing? Yes.
 No, that's where to get.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They do that too.
 I mean,  maybe he, maybe he uses two time stones, one to go back in time to save blue and then one to  meet his father.
 I only have four times.
 There's only four.
 I'll shit a few more out later, David,  but for right now I only made four.
 So David reads a letter from his father that's narrated  by a ghostly voice of his father.
 Uh, David, I've been a little upset lately.
 I felt like  you forgot about your dad when you went to live your dream.
 All I want was for you to find your  passion.
 You're not just living your dream.
 You're living my dream too.
 David, I love you.
 I'm proud  of you.
 And this is where I have to credit Jason Walliner for giving me the perspective of the,  this man has trapped himself in a box where every night he has, is living out fan fiction  that he's writing about his own father, telling him that he loves him and he's proud of him.
  And it's okay that he focused on magic and stopped seeing him, which for sure means  that never happened.
 Right? Like that for sure means that like his dad didn't accept him as a  magician.
 And that hence all of the early, nobody believed in me.
 Right.
 And like doing a scene,  a play.
 I believe, I always believed in you.
 When I said, don't do magic, I was too scared to say,  I really want you to do it.
 Right.
 So very handsome and you look like George Clooney.
 Love you son.
  So you're, you think this had less impact than when Optimus Prime says,  you did a good job to evac and you want to transfer.
 You're comparing me and evac to David  and his fake father.
 Yeah.
 Or like, I excitedly texted you the other day that like you see in  that new X-Men comic, Professor X told Cyclops he was proud of him.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
  Favorite trope.
 Proud of you.
 I'm proud of you.
 Yeah.
 Getting that, having it happen two to three  times a day.
 I mean, I guess on Transformers it happens every five minutes, but still the ickiness  of.
 Yeah.
 Well, what's all of this? Jason also described it as between Blue and David,  there are two robots who've lost their free will doing a play to each other.
 This is the, I mean,  I shouldn't say this is the part where I started to think maybe the story wasn't true that he told,  but this part is when he, so he does that.
 And I did think the footage of his parents in the olden  days might be real to start.
 When David appears in the footage after traveling back in time,  I realized, of course it's not real.
 And this is just an actor he's hired to play his mother and  father.
 You hear the neo of ghostly Blue disappearing.
 David, find your heaven.
  And then he uses a time stone to appear in the footage that you saw way earlier.
 It's his mom  and dad in the fifties.
 And then suddenly he is filmed on eight millimeter film and he is waving  to his father who smiles knowingly and they get to have one last moment together.
 Except who's this?  Some guy.
 And what a weird way to have a final connection with your dad.
  If you suddenly, let's see, if one of us ends up having children and right now in the door  walks a grown man, how would we know it was not an intruder, but our grown adult son from the future?  I like how would you know? How does this guy, maybe a father would know.
 I'll give them the credit.
  Oh, of course.
 That's my grown, except David has had a lot of work done.
 That muddies the waters.
  He's got a weird upper tort upper body.
 My son's abs.
 If they did a reboot of the wonder years  now with all the home video, the home movie footage from the old credits, it'd be like if they use that  same footage, but like Fred Savage fresh from the set of that just happened, wandered into  that footage.
 Like it's just, yeah, it's just an intruder looking at children and middle age people.
  I'm trying to figure out a park like hello.
 Yeah.
 Hello.
 Just a grown stranger at a park.
  Like anytime that happens in like looper or something, it's always like there's always a  weird glitch of someone go like either like flinching, like some, I feel something feels  wrong or a character going, don't freak out.
 Don't freak out.
 I'm you like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It has to be explained, but no, they know.
 And the score is so amblyny, so majestic triumphant,  the biggest moments you could ever imagine.
 Is it possible? Is it pot love, David love,  is it possible Blue is known to him at this point in his timeline, the father? Yeah, it could be.
  So maybe Blue, he kind of knows that his friend Blue, who he taught how to hug people and hit on  chicks, he knows that there's a possibility that like family members will time travel.
  So you're saying he just is seeing a plan come together.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 Not like a guy walk into  a yard because he maybe he sent Blue.
 Well, they're in a park.
 Are there enough? Excuse me.
  Yeah.
 So Blue, because he sent Blue into the future.
 So presumably he knows something might  come back.
 Another hole in the logic is that he sent Blue into the future 50, 60 years.
 Yeah.
  Long, long time.
 So the family members are all aliens.
 They're either like very old or dead.
  If they're like live in a similar way to humans.
 Yeah, maybe that timeline is different, though.
  So why would he send him into the future to find the family? Now he's going to see them all 60  years later.
 Doesn't make any sense.
 This is the kind of thing that where you need a wrap up show,  like Fred Savage is what just happens to explain what just happened.
 David's of future past.
  I so this moment I cannot tell you when David Garfield on in fake old film with a shiv eating  grin like love your dad is this is the most deliriously stupid.
 You've bid goodbye to an  alien ship has just appeared in the room and I imagine in both of our cases you are drunk and  it is just I was not so drunk, but I was buzzed.
 So how long is this show? Hour and a half shorter  than very short.
 Really? That all fits in an hour and a half.
 He's got to do it three times.
  Got to do it three times a day.
 Go no intermission.
 Yeah.
 No, no, he doesn't take a break because  he's got to be pounding through.
 Let's get it done.
 It is.
 Yeah.
 And he doesn't even wait.
  So Rob Paulson is not there live.
 It's a like clips.
 Yeah.
 It's clips of blue talking.
 And so  when you're saying cut, like go like ask me a question is blue or whatever.
 And I'll do like  how David interacts with blue.
 What's going on? Things are going on.
 And then this is like he,  he barely lets him finish the sentence before he goes.
 We treated him poorly.
 We didn't let him  get the message out.
 So like he knows he can't lose five minutes out of this show.
 He's got a,  he barely lets blue finish.
 If you were enjoying it, the show might go 20 minutes longer, but yeah,  it's like bang, bang, bang.
 I'm glad I'm still under a wet, a little under the weather or else  I would probably be hopping in my car to drive to see this with my own.
 Here's the thing is  Copperfield, the guy we should be probably supporting with money.
 Probably not.
 That being  said, I need to see this again.
 Yeah.
 Claps in between.
 I thought, yeah, need to see.
 I,  uh, yeah, I thought about it last time.
 It's been Vegas.
 Definitely thought about it.
 Uh, I don't  know.
 And this all makes me want to do it again.
 And just see it from the perspective, like the  twists are ruined now, but, and if you go see this, having listened to all this rambling, I still think  you're going to, the surprise will be gone.
 However, the seeing blue in person and you don't know how it  works.
 It's incredible.
 How is it able to stand and sit? It's got floppy legs.
 It's got stiff legs.
  It's an amazing animatronic.
 Wait, is it in that front row? I mean, anywhere in the theater looks  great, but like, I'm like, holy shit, I'm like six feet away.
 There's a person in there.
 No,  no, it's so small.
 It's like a foot tall.
 Oh, okay.
 Uh, it's would like, what would happen if you  size of a big hog.
 It's like a baby that stands.
 They, uh, Jason, I'm tiny and I'm small.
 Jason.
  This is good.
 What have you, like, I was so interested, like, what if he truly ever was  thrown off in the show? Cause I realized now, of course, everything that was like throwing him off,  quote unquote, was all plants.
 But like, what if we sat in the front row with blue shirts on or  something? Would he even acknowledge it? Will we get thrown out with those blue pockets we can buy?  Oh yeah.
 If we wore the fanny packs.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 Yeah, maybe.
 Yeah.
 Like cause he,  we've got some troublemakers here.
 You gotta get out of here to the monkey minds.
  No refunds.
 Slave them, force them to play pirates once every three years when someone cops up  $20,000.
 Oh man.
 You would go us both at gun point.
 Like in the back of the Vegas, like in the back  of the MGM grand, there's just some heavies with guns.
 Like, well, Jason has been escorted out of  magic shows before, right? I believe he got escorted out of Chris.
 Oh, really? In Vegas?  Well, we won't do that.
 Yeah.
 But like, if we were too enthusiastic about blue,  maybe, or like, we were like, it's a, there's an alien.
 It's going to be an alien.
 He's going to  say, or like, we were shouting the lines out before he did them.
 Yeah.
 I well, as Disney said long  ago, do you think we want to cross David Copperfield? No, we don't want to cross blue.
  We certainly don't.
 That might be one of the places in Vegas where it is still like casino or like  to put you in the back room and start beating you with the.
 Yeah.
 Like the big, well that of  course turned out to be a friend of his, of Danny Oceans beating him up.
 No, I meant the Scorsese  casino.
 Blue.
 Oh yeah.
 They're going to drag you onto the desert, like peshy, bury you alive.
  Yeah.
 But bury him alive.
 Blue water boards us with root beer.
 Stubs, stuff,  I'm going to find chips in our mouth.
 Just Scott, I'm going to find your mouth until you wish you  were dead.
 Don't you ever try to disrupt David and I shows.
 Sweet rootbeers.
 No, we have a show here.
  We have a show here and it goes perfectly or else you're going to feel the repercussions.
  Smacks me with his little hand.
 Trust me, this ain't just checking your credit score.
  Well, he is a slime bat.
 He is like a peshy little greaser guy.
 Yeah.
 What if, yeah, what if he gets  like David eventually gets him so he's like sentient.
 David, like we have to perfect this.
  We have to perfect it.
 And then he becomes sentient.
 Then they have a falling out.
  And then David has to get rid of blue.
  Send the monkeys.
 Disappears him on his island.
 And that is the movie.
  The full prestige style magician.
 Oh my God, what a movie that is.
  But it's David Copperfield and Blue.
  He was my protege and his powers grew above mine.
 Tesla.
 Now you and I, the audience tonight,  we have to go kill him.
 Make this sign with your hands.
 We'll use it to strangle him, his tiny neck.
  Elon Musk stands in for Tesla.
 His assistant is Grimes.
  Or Blue.
 There was a package.
  We'll use his boring company tunnels to take Blue around the world.
  And all the way to Mushikei.
 Could he? He's toured.
 David has also toured before.
 Is there a chance  he does another five years of this and then tours this? Oh God, I hope.
 Once he's perfected it.
  In an arena.
 I want to see this at the Staples Center.
  I mean, he has it must have a compound in Vegas, right? Because residents.
  He has his consortium of wonder.
 Oh, the consortium one.
 I don't know if he lives there.
  I don't think he lives there, does he? I'm not sure.
 But if you had a bunch of  weird hidden Houdini beds.
 Do some people live in the casino that they do the residency at?  I think everybody has like really fancy suites.
 Like an apartment just to rest in between shows.
  Yeah.
 Or how Michael Jackson rented a whole floor of the Mandalay Bay despite not doing a show.
  But he just rented the whole floor and rode a little trike around and filled it with statues  of the little green giant.
 Cool.
 From the food? Yeah.
 He that's a part of the Living with Michael  Jackson special.
 He explains to reporter.
 I don't remember that part.
 What the little green giant  is.
 It's one of the strangest things.
 They say it was an American commercial ran for many years.
  He taught children how to eat peas.
 He'd say ho ho ho.
 Jesus.
 So that's a lot of fun and that's  why I have it here.
 So wait a minute.
 It's not the jolly green giant.
 It's that little version.
 The  little kid.
 Little green giant.
 There's a statue of the jolly green giant.
 But there were two  green giants, I believe.
 I believe jolly green giant had a little green giant.
 What really?  I think there were two.
 Oh.
 Huh.
 Boy, here we're talking about the little blue giant.
  And we've found more giants.
 Well, and that, remember, Kraft told us, the Kraft father told  the story about him and Tony Baxter meeting with Michael Jackson on an entire read it out floor of  the universal Sheraton.
 Oh, right.
 So I guess he just, the way you would rent a hotel room when  you go to a hotel, he gets a whole floor.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This I found, I pulled up a picture.
  There's a jolly green giant and then the little green giant.
 Oh, I sat on his shoulder.
 Yeah.
 So  that was Michael.
 Michael had a statue of the big one.
 Oh, it was, it was the jolly green giant.
  Yeah.
 It was not little green.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 But he had a blue.
 It was interesting.
 Yeah.
  A green.
 It's green.
 It's my green.
 Um, yeah.
 So yeah, I don't know what else to say.
 Go see.
  I don't, as much as that was all a line by line spoiler, you have to see it to believe.
 I'd still  tell you, Jason, if you go to Vegas.
 Yeah.
 You gotta go.
 It's unbelievable.
 And I forgive us for,  I hope nobody's mad about us spoiling all of this, but it's, it's out there.
 It's I, I, what I don't  understand is why blue isn't easily Google a bowl.
 Right.
 But you can, I think he wants this to be,  he wanted blue to be an icon.
 Well, Vegas is it's all the merch.
 If you didn't, Vegas is its own  bio dome.
 Like Vegas is its own thing.
 That's what you hear people.
 I had this experience when I went  to Vegas for the first time of like, who is Danny Gans and Danny Gans.
 And he passed away a few years  ago, but he was like the one of the most famous people in Vegas.
 Yeah.
 And anonymous.
 Well, I  in much of the rest of the country, unless you would seen Danny Gans.
 I sent you a picture of a  guy who performs or that I don't know anything about other than his name tape face.
 Tape face.
  I remember tape face.
 What is it? I forget which casino he's at.
 He's a guy who does, she wraps tape  around his face tape on his face.
 I assume there's more to the act than that.
 But yeah, exactly.
  But it's a, he's got a show.
 I saw it.
 I've been to Vegas two times this year.
 He's it's a,  he performs in the house of tape theater.
 What the fuck are you saying? This is all the masking tape,  right? I am I on time stones here.
 It's the, I believe it's the Harris casino.
 And there he is.
  Can you see that? Yeah.
 Swing, swing it over here.
 Tape face.
 We're going to get the show right.
  No, that's electrical tape.
 We've got newcomers like tape face, nipping up my heels.
 I mean,  there's a show tape face.
 Building with giant Jabberwockies.
 Like one of the casinos has the  big Jabberwockies.
 That's MGM Grand too.
 I think they might perform in the Copperfield theater.
 Yeah.
  Right across.
 You can see blue and then take like a hundred steps and see a giant Jabberwocky mask.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's a, I've been to Vegas.
 Magic.
 Wonderful.
 And by the way, all this,  where there used to be a fucking theme park too.
 We haven't, I can't believe we haven't done MGM  Grand adventures.
 That's got to be.
 It seems like theme park ghosts have infused this casino between  Copperfield and Jabberwockies.
 Mike and I, by the way, years ago did an improv show with like the  $1 version of those masks on.
 And it's still a very, a very unpleasant, like I think my whole face was  covered in sweat by the end.
 Like not a good idea.
 And the audience members were like, well,  we could kind of hear you.
 And it's like, oh right.
 The audio dampening.
 It was Halloween.
  It was Halloween.
 I did a sketch at Brad and Nick's Atlantic city where I had like a black  matte, like the, the skin tight mask and then Jabberwockies mask above that.
 And there was a  part where I like pretended to drink water and just splashed it into my face.
 And it was like  the funny enough beat of the thing.
 But then I felt like I was getting waterboarded.
 You just got  waterboarded.
 I had to like, I like pause.
 If you watched video of it, I like,  like I was like choking.
 I almost died on stage at UCB Franklin in a Jabberwockies mask.
 I actually  almost like, like fell to the ground.
 I'm scared.
 Even you actually, when you said Jabberwockies  mask, I just, I did have like, like stress flashbacks.
 Jabberwockies give me PTSD.
  So be careful putting on those masks.
 You can cut the nose and the mask.
 You can cut it a little  bigger.
 That's what I did.
 How have we all had this specific scenario? So remember if you're  playing a Jabberwocky, cut the nostril holes bigger.
 That's so weird.
 Yeah, we did that.
 We had to cut  it.
 Cause yeah, it was like really like sucking air out of it.
 Yeah.
 Did you buy, we bought it  from party city.
 There's all the different colors on the wall.
 You can buy.
 I also then noted in the  Jabberwocky store there, the Jabberwocky's masks cost like $27.
 Are they the same quality? Yeah.
  They aren't even branded.
 It sucks.
 Anyway, you had it on for three to four minutes.
 We had it on  for a full Harold, a comedic form.
 You can't really abandon.
 No.
 Oh my God.
 And once you start,  yeah, you can't like maybe find that curtain and take a breath.
 Well, let that be a lesson.
  Why are we all trying so hard with all of these shows? Look what we did.
 We did that live show  and we made a limo and there's masks and all this shit.
 We're all putting in all this effort.
  We each need to take a page from the Copperfield playbook sleep walk through the same show  over and over again for years.
 Now granted that does have million dollar illusions going on  constantly, but you know, putting Copperfield effort.
 Yeah.
 I mean, all I'll say to sum up is  that the thing is we are obviously our live shows have the same message as Copperfield's and as of  course blue gives love, love, love, make the symbol, make the symbol.
 It's our symbol of what's the PTR  symbol of love PTR symbol of love.
 Jason, love, love.
 Jason, love, love, Jason.
 Thank you for  teaching me about love, gentlemen.
 You think blue.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, blue.
 Thank you for not  mocking my message.
 You survived podcast, the ride.
 Fuck man.
 I need a cigarette.
 I need a big  jugger.
 If in one episode you could just do the show as Jason and we could both be blue, that would  be really satisfying to me.
 But that's just about it's just a regular topic.
 Yeah.
 Normal episode,  mind train.
 Yeah.
 And then blue is also blues show.
 We're touring.
 We've got some live shows  coming up and like, oh, we don't want to do a whole we'll be traveling.
 We don't want to do,  we can't do the limo that kind of props everything.
 But the pizzazz of you guys being blue for a live  audience.
 Scott is two blues.
 Yeah, that'll that'll pay off.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Travels man, there's 30s.
 I'm Jason Sheridan joined as always by blue love and love.
  All right, let's be let's beam out of here.
 Let's go back to our family.
 He's a time stone.
  Goodbye.
 Bye.
