 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains heavenly bathroom  stalls, a small painful boil on one seat,  and the most interesting topic of all,  improv comedy politics.
  Aaron Whitehead hangs out with us in the Carthay Circle Lounge  today on podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast, The Ride, the theme park podcast,  which today we'll spend at least 30 minutes  on the topic of spherical ice.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  Joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  Hello.
  And Scott Gardner.
  Oh yeah, finally, found fucking time.
  It's been two years and we really haven't gotten deep  into the spherical ice yet.
  No.
  We may have mentioned it, but we haven't really talked  about exactly what we love about it.
  We've ignored one of the best things on property  for so long, not today.
  Not today, and I also know our guest is a big fan  of spherical ice, I assume, I actually could be wrong  about that.
  I mean, it's interesting you think that because,  well, I'll tell you, you've seen my feelings about it.
  I guess I have, maybe I'm just remembering.
  Do you pick up and break spherical ice  every time you see it?  No, but I lift it out of my drink.
  Whoa.
  Oh yeah, that's true, because it's too hard to navigate.
  That's the voice of Erin Whitehead, everyone.
  You know her from Wild Horses  and various other things around Hollywood.
  She's here too, I guess.
  Just tape her off.
  You know her from the things.
  Things, definitely things.
  You know her from creative stuff.
  Creative endeavors.
  And from aspirations.
  You know her from her aspirations.
  You know her dreams.
  Her wishes.
  Some of the most famous dreams out there are Erin's.
  I know Erin from her black and white headshots.
  You keep them black and white, you didn't upgrade.
  No, I just had to stay with them.
  I look the same.
  Yeah, they work.
  Is there a reason why people,  I feel like they aren't black and white as often.
  They aren't.
  I don't know why that changed.
  Well, I think it just probably became easier  to make color copies when digital became a thing.
  That's a good point.
  Because when I first got them done,  there was a curtain over the photographer.
  No.
  It was.
  And it was the four.
  That was doctor.
  And then you had an arrow through your head.
  Exactly.
  And the bulb shattered when it went off.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Guts on your face.
  That's a rough process back then.
  No, but it was like film film.
  Like I had to drive back to the location  to pick up the actual negatives from the photographer  and then go get them printed somewhere.
  Right.
  It was a whole thing.
  And then it was not just an improviser you kind of knew.
  No, he was like a photographer, a photographer.
  He wasn't like an improviser.
  It was like, oh shit, I gotta make some money.
  Okay, let's buy a camera.
  Okay.
  Those, I mean, we won't name names,  but those are some fun headshots.
  That people look like pancakes.
  It's true.
  No lighting, completely flat, paid only $300.
  An improviser that looks like a pancake?  I don't believe it.
  Listen, I'll tell you who it was,  but after the podcast.
  Yeah.
  Because that outs the photographer and the person.
  Of course.
  Not the first time that phrase will be said today.
  I'm sure.
  It's my favorite thing to say.
  This way I don't have to email you and go,  could you cut this out?  Because that's usually what I have to do after every podcast.
  I'm editing as you go.
  I'm gonna just write as we go  who I think everyone you're talking about is  and then we'll match it up at the end.
  Do some guesses, do some guesses.
  And they'll see like what my score is.
  Yeah.
  Let's see if I can get 100%.
  That's fun.
  Let's agree right now,  do we cut the inevitable Lasseter chunk  or do we just go into it and have fun with it?  Lasseter?  Lasseter you mean?  Oh, oh, oh I see.
  Maybe it's not inevitable.
  I just know like the ghost of Lasseter haunted.
  This place.
  Well so John Lasseter was the head of Pixar  and he was fired.
  Do you know any of this?  No, I should have done my research.
  No, it's okay.
  He's really not.
  He was like overseeing the parks  and he was overseeing Pixar.
  And then he was essentially fired, let go,  because he would hug women too long  and he would like intimidate them  in like kind of a bizarre way  like during like meetings and stuff.
  It sounds like that's the women's interpretation.
  He seems like a pretty nice guy.
  I mean.
  Well of course that's what I thought.
  It's all about intent, it's not how it's taken.
  Okay, I just wanna put that out there.
  I think the multi-year reign of fear  he instilled in multiple companies probably.
  Probably put him over the edge.
  Female companies.
  There's also a story where like when he went to New York,  I don't think I have to cut this, but maybe I do.
  He went to New York, you know this,  and he was like on some press junket  with all the women playing fairies, the Disney fairies.
  They had to send a handler with him  because they were worried he was gonna drink too much  and get too handsy and weird  with the women who voiced the fairies.
  How else do you hold a fairy but in your hand?  They're tiny.
  They're incredibly hard to manage  if you don't use your hands.
  I mean.
  You're supposed to just rest on your shoulder.
  Yeah, they're not trained.
  They're wild, they're feral fairies.
  This poor guy, I swear to God, men have it hard.
  The high standard he's held to.
  I can't anymore with the abusive men in his town.
  Well, Aaron, don't worry.
  He is working again in another animation studio.
  How long do they have to disappear is what I'm asking.
  How long is the break needed?  He had a tough four months.
  Four months, that's a third of a year.
  I know, and all he had was his winery and unlimited money.
  His drunken semester.
  His Oscars, his mini awards.
  His closet full of a thousand Hawaiian shirts.
  And his dick.
  And his little dick.
  His little dick.
  I like that you said, do I have to cut this out?  How do you know these stories?  Do you know these from a friend of his?  No, no, this is on Hollywood Reporter.
  Oh yeah, then this seems like it's fair game.
  So it's out there.
  It's out there.
  But the little dick though, I don't know.
  That could be Slander.
  But all dicks are kind of little.
  That's true.
  We don't mean his specifically.
  All dicks are kind of little.
  Dicks not, it's not two feet wide.
  No, that's true.
  They're all pretty little.
  God, I hope not.
  All dicks, we all have little dicks  because dicks are little.
  So don't sue us.
  Good save, Scott.
  Yeah.
  Never little enough.
  Just in general, the body part is little.
  That's all we're saying.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Can't argue with that.
  Anyway, we just, I just.
  She's got an expensive face over here.
  Stroking his beard.
  All men are gonna sue for Slander.
  What do I wanna add to this?  Yeah, Erin, I haven't seen you in a little while.
  It's been a while.
  Has your dick gotten bigger?  No.
  I was going to say, I'm trying to exercise,  restraint a little more in my older age than I do  when I was younger.
  I know it's an intriguing development.
  I feel like I've probably grown in areas too,  but I don't know what yet.
  So as the podcast goes,  you and I will get to know each other again.
  See where you're at today.
  See what our respective therapist has been working on.
  I left mine.
  Oh, okay.
  I'm freewheeling.
  Fair, fair.
  You're adrift.
  The three of you were all on an improv team together?  Yeah, and it's been a while.
  This is a reunion of sorts.
  For real.
  Who's been on the show who was on that team?  Anthony Geo.
  Anthony Geo.
  Percy Strickland.
  Zach Reno.
  Zach Reno.
  We'll get everyone.
  Everyone will.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's like years already.
  It's five years ago.
  It's been six years.
  But when did it, that it was over?  That it was over.
  Unceremoniously taken off the night?  Yeah.
  Yeah, oh, that's an development.
  Now I will publicly talk about.
  I'm so sorry to our listeners  who are dealing with this improv talk.
  I'm so sorry to listeners who have to listen to this,  but it took a few years for me to go like,  what a stupid fucking time.
  Like what a bad decisions people made.
  It took you three years to say,  I feel like I remember you saying that the day it happened.
  No, no, but like publicly.
  Oh, publicly.
  Well, we all had, we all were very good.
  We were like, no one, no one fucking says anything  on social media no matter what happens.
  And that was very smart of us, I feel.
  We did not have the bitter or impassioned  goodbye to Harold Knight pose.
  Like I loved, I do love them though.
  I didn't realize Harold Times had come around this year  and I somehow caught in my feed a bunch of like  goodbye speeches and I'm like,  I didn't even know you were on Harold Knight,  but this is fantastic.
  I love, I love the goodbyes.
  Like leaving social media or saying goodbye to a celebrity  who you met once and can prove that you did with one photo.
  Leaving Harold Knight's gotta be like a number three  in terms of monologue prompter.
  Yeah, I think for a lot of great content.
  Yeah, we didn't want to.
  Fusive multi-part rants where you get the one and the slash  like it's getting with the question mark.
  You don't know when it's gonna end.
  Oh, for the Twitter, yeah, Twitter specifically, yes.
  When it goes, there's 10 posts about what it means  to be on Harold Knight.
  Oh God, Twitter's the worst place to do it  where you have to do like one of 16.
  That's what he's saying.
  Two of 16.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Good Lord.
  It's a good multi-part prompt.
  The Instagram ones though, no limit.
  Oh sure, yeah, yeah, you can go and go.
  A novel.
  And if people click the dot dot dot,  they know what they're getting into.
  And I, oh I click.
  You always click.
  Never not clicked on a dot dot dot.
  What are these dots about?  I think we should post a teary farewell now.
  Now would be good.
  Six or seven years later.
  Dead and loving it six years later.
  The perspective we've gleaned from 10 paragraphs long.
  That was the joke, that was the bit we did,  we would refer to it as dead and loving it.
  But that was still for, that was years later.
  Yes.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Anyway, that's another cop podcast.
  I'm sorry everyone.
  So you all spent the last six years then  just going to the Carthage Circle Lounge  and drinking yourselves into a Sierra.
  We did do that for a while.
  It was very cathartic that we.
  It was cathartic at Carthay.
  No, it's not the same word.
  That does work though.
  There's a way though.
  Cathartake.
  That must be why.
  It was cathartake.
  It was cathartake.
  Cathartake.
  Cathartake.
  Carthy take.
  Carthy take.
  Yeah, so we would just, yeah,  we would just drink for years to get over the pain of it.
  And it was a great place because you could say,  as I have my problem of saying first and last names  too loudly in public spaces,  there was no one who would have overheard us who would care.
  Like, it wasn't like when I would accidentally  do it in Silver Lake and be like.
  Accidentally.
  I gotta stop.
  Accidentally.
  Accidentally.
  The only people you can insult at the Carthay Lounge  are Joe Roady and who's another Imagineer of it.
  Scott Trowbridge.
  Yeah, just don't go talking shit on Scott Trowbridge.
  Yeah, I wouldn't want the Floridian tourists  to overhear that.
  No.
  Oh, my ears.
  Yeah, so yeah, we would go hang out here.
  Did we talk about what we're doing yet?  No.
  Well, it was probably at the, I mean,  we intro'd it.
  The teaser that we have yet to do,  but that's, you know, and it's in the title, presumably.
  I forgot how the show works.
  But you handed with the spherical eyes, I mean.
  How many places can you get spherical eyes?  I mean, people know what they're getting into,  but there is a clarification we have to make,  which is that we're talking about the lounge,  not the restaurant, correct?  So today we're talking about Carthy Circle Lounge,  not the restaurant.
  I mean, we can talk about it,  it's just that that's not the topic.
  Right.
  It'll maybe.
  Look, we're all about microtopic divisions.
  I don't like rules.
  I don't like, I don't want boundaries.
  It's weird.
  That doesn't sound.
  I walk through the restaurant  and if I want to talk about what it looks like,  I think I should, I will.
  And the bathrooms, I love the bathrooms.
  That's fine, but we might glare at you  while there might be a lot of judgment.
  I can take a glare.
  I don't know, have you seen our glares?  A lot of judgment in our glares.
  Our glares, although our glares are like,  we dart our eyes away a lot.
  Absolutely.
  Like your dog, it's more of fear.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Share a lot of traits with Edwin.
  But why did this, did this rule come up  because are you just more versed in the lounge?  Well, when Mike and I were emailing about it,  I said, just an FYI, like I would love to talk about this  because it is one of my very favorite places in the park,  but I have not actually eaten dinner there  because you have to have a reservation  and we never planned that far ahead.
  That's right.
  You gotta look pretty far.
  Probably pretty far.
  Unless there's like a little last minute free up.
  So yeah.
  And all I really want is three big Manhattans.
  Hell yeah.
  Fucking yeah.
  Well, let's see, if we're going toe to toe,  I don't think I could handle three.
  I'm like.
  We only did three a couple of times, but it was great.
  I would love to, I think I'd be a total fucking mess.
  As much as I'm defined as the drunk of the show,  I don't like, more than two I cannot handle.
  I think I've only, have we done, did we do three once?  Maybe two, but I feel like there was a time  where we just were like, yeah, why not?  I mean, cause our conversations,  I don't know if we're getting into this at this point,  but like.
  We can go with whatever.
  We would fucking get into it.
  I loved those conversations.
  It was my favorite conversations, maybe ever.
  Wow.
  Was the Carthay Lounge talks.
  I was not there for these, what you're describing,  but I know what you're talking about.
  This is a place where you get in.
  You had alcohol and hadn't talked before.
  Yes.
  But your sense was.
  But you're essentially drinking.
  But specifically this lounge.
  Yeah, I think I've had like big old deep bonding moments  at Carthay, and I think there's something about  the Manhattans that get it out of you too.
  And that's where a coping drink for me  a couple years back when I was going through bad shit.
  Like, there's something about, I don't know,  it's like the super sugary nature of it.
  It just like loosens the brain up.
  Well, it's such a treat too.
  It's like a really, like you're paying so much money  for this really delicious, well-crafted cocktail.
  Like it's.
  And it's not like doing shots  where you just wanna get the alcohol in.
  It's like a.
  There's a ritual with it.
  It's a ritual.
  They make them very well there.
  It's also like, whenever we would go,  we would do the park all day.
  It's like you've been standing in lines.
  You've been small talking in the lines.
  You're in like little kid mode.
  And then you have that hit the wall moment  where you're like, we might need to go home.
  And instead, we go to Carthay.
  Come back to me.
  I do remember maybe the first time you went with us.
  And I do remember you being like, I'm real tight.
  I'm like, I'm ready.
  And then we went to Carthay and we came out.
  And you come out of Carthay, it's like you've been born again.
  Oh my God, born again.
  It's like you started the park all over.
  This is where going to Disneyland as a kid  and as an adult changes.
  Yes.
  And it's a big, when I talk to other people about like,  there's a lot of people that still go like,  why do you wanna go?  Who cares about it?  Why do you wanna go to Disneyland so much?  I'm tired of that attitude.
  I get.
 100%.
  There's two things that people are making fun of a lot  these days.
  It's the people who go to Disneyland as adults  and then girls who are into horses.
  And I'm like, so you've heard a joke 40 times  and now you think it's free reign to act  as if you made the joke up?  It's the most annoying.
  It's like the Twitter thing where someone's like,  I'm not gonna make that joke.
  I've seen it twice, but now that I've seen it 500 times,  I'll make it.
  Yeah, it's like cop shows or procedural shows on TV too.
  It's the same thing where it's like,  once there's a couple versions of something  that everyone does it.
  Now they'll just do it.
  I think I threw up my mouth a little line.
  Suddenly that joke is just free reign.
  It's like it became public domain joke or something.
  That's not even a thing.
  Is that even a thing?  I can hear you.
  Yeah.
  That's just it.
  We're just trashing all our friends  who have actual writing jobs right now.
  Yeah, they've all used that hacking shit.
  That's fine.
  They got paid for it.
  They don't care.
  Yeah, it's fine.
  Yeah, for them it is a job.
  I mean, they would like to go home.
  Yeah, for me it's home.
  At some point you just, yeah.
  Do you know how many, if Jason had a staff writing job,  how many of those he would use every day?  All of them, every day.
  I mean, depending on the show,  if it's a network show, they're gonna be like,  yeah, that's good, that's great.
  This Jason knows what he's doing.
  It's possible that the head of NBC is asking for really,  and is that a thing?  Oh yeah, well they may be replacing better jokes.
  Yeah, sure.
  Yeah, for sure.
  I could see a persnickety actor on set going,  this is too, I can't score with this.
  I need something that'll get me to score.
  Is that a thing?  Oh, I just saw that in a trailer recently.
  Yeah.
  Let's do that.
  Or they improvised it.
  Yeah.
  They improvised a real funny line.
  I bet that's where a lot of the is that a thing comes from.
  I'm sure, because it feels like such a bad acting improv  thing, like when they ask actors to improvise  and what they do is they get flatter and flatter in tone  as they go back and forth and the sentences  get shorter and shorter.
  Like, yeah, it is my desk chair, is it?  It is, chair, yeah.
  Office, cool.
  Duh.
  Okay.
  Or the thing that I love, this is very like,  again, one of those that was fine when it began,  the first few on the office of,  you know, so Jan is coming in today  and so Michael's pretty on edge  and so he's making everybody wear these costumes.
  So that's, and then they don't finish the sentence?  But I feel like the office is what started it  and they did it in a way that actually  was like a person who didn't know how to finish  their sentence.
  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  And then people did the pale imitation of that,  which was, it sounds cool if I don't finish my sentence.
  Like there is no intent behind it.
  Where it's done because the person could not actually  think of an ending to that.
  So the trail off is the ending.
  And it was just like, this is the formula.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I didn't know, that's where I, like,  I'm not holding that against the office.
  I think that's more like the many sub iterations  of office since then.
  Yeah.
  It's like on Snickers commercials now.
  It's like the commercials always catch a blast,  usually, to the trend as well.
  Yes.
  So like whatever was on the office 10 years ago now,  the execs are like, whoa, these fresh jokes.
  Where did these come from?  I mean, the Sonic ads are essentially the office in a car.
  Yeah, well those have been on for longer than the office.
  Have they?  I think.
  Oh my God, the office ripped off Sonic ads  is what you're saying, Mike.
  I mean, yeah, I guess they probably ripped off  the British office if we're talking about the American one.
  Did they rip off the British Sonic ads?  Were the British?  Yeah.
  They were drier, it was just more clever.
  I love Tater Tots.
  Yeah, they were.
  I love to get a route 69 with my Tater Tots.
  Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry in the car  on Sonic commercials.
  Can you imagine?  They were very young.
  The first few British Sonic ads  are a little rough to get through,  and I even had to watch them with subtitles  because they're so British, so dry.
  But it picks up and they end up being  the greatest set of commercials you ever seen.
  How do we get talking about this?  This got to, well we're always waiting  around any turn of these complaints.
  We're all happy to talk about this.
  You were talking about the hackiness  of the adults at Disneyland.
  The joke.
  Stole the vanes.
  Oh yeah, he interrupted you is what happened.
  No, I don't remember that.
  Well, I think the, yeah, I was thinking the car  is one of those things where, yes,  when you encounter people, like,  you're going to Disneyland again?  So you go to Disneyland?  What, like, are you a child molester?  What's up with, like, in the rare case  that you encounter that judgment from people,  you go, oh yeah, why would you want to go to a place,  have wonderful drinks, bond with your friends,  then go on a crazy mechanical marvel,  and then, like, I don't, I can't get my head around  why you wouldn't want to.
  Right.
  That also, that leap that people make  where it's like, you're going to Disneyland?  What do you do, fuck kids?  You weirdo.
  It's like, whoa, whoa, buddy.
  I guess the questions I get are somewhat different.
  What's that?  No one's ever asked if I was gonna molest kids.
  Yeah, I have to admit,  I've never had that moment specifically.
  But you know, we had it.
  Oh, I thought it was more like,  you're just a sad child person.
  Like, you're a sad.
  But we're all sad child people.
  It means that you're locked in perennial child state,  and that's all that it could possibly mean.
  It can't mean, like, I like going to really good bars  and eating good food and having a good time with friends.
  But I feel like a lot of the complaints too  also come from, like, it's like, well, what do you do, man?  What do you do?  Do you go to the same, like, six dog shit places  in Silver Lake all the time and burn money there?  But I will say, I get the confusion  because when I went with you guys,  I really was like, I don't know how you go so often.
  Like, I truly could not wrap my mind around it  because I hadn't been since I was a kid,  and I did remember it being really fun,  but mostly a super tiring day.
  And as an adult too, I do get to a point where I'm like,  I do want to sit around and talk.
  I'm kind of tired of, like, standing in lines a little bit.
  And like, so when we did it, that's when I was like,  oh, you take a siesta, you get your, like,  deep, great conversations,  and you have actually good drinks.
  It's not like, and also they didn't have this  when we were kids.
  Like, Disneyland did used to be like,  you couldn't go into a great bar or get good food.
  You were getting, like, a mouse burger.
  Like, that was as good as it got.
  I don't know what the drinking situation was  in the 80s and 90s, but I bet it was a little more  wine cooler.
  At the hotel, it was at the, maybe at the hotel.
  Oh, but you have to go all the way to the hotel  because there was no Disney California.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And there was no bars, and there's still no bars.
  I mean, I haven't been to Star Wars, so.
  But there was nowhere you would drink.
  I mean, also I was eight, so I wasn't worried about it.
  But.
  What was it like Epcot?  Could you always drink an Epcot?  Well, that's Florida though.
  Yeah, I think so.
  I think an Epcot you could always drink,  but yeah, out here.
  But I bet it wasn't good drinks yet.
  I don't think, like, quality cocktails came to Disney.
  Half cocktails wasn't even a thing.
  Like it was, because.
 Anywhere.
  Like our parents didn't drink cocktails.
  That was the beer wine generation.
  Like our generation is the one that brought back cocktails  from whatever the 60s.
  From Jason's generation.
  From Jason's generation, yeah, yeah.
  From me and.
 From Madison Avenue.
  From Madison Avenue.
  It was pure white Russians.
  From Bill Frawley days.
  Let's drink like Bill Frawley again.
  Yeah, since right into the grave.
  He could handle 16 Manhattans.
  For sure.
  He would do it every day.
  Erin, you spent some of your childhood  growing up in Southern California.
  Yeah, Alta Dena.
  Yeah.
  So did you guys go to the parks regularly?  Or.
  Yeah, we went to Disney.
  My mom would sometimes like take us out of school  so we could go on a weekday and not do the weekend crowds.
  Oh, sure.
  And she would let each of us invite a friend.
  Wow.
 I know.
  So you would get friends out of school too.
  We get friends out of school.
  So we would do that.
  And I remember once she took just me and my sister.
  It was from a sister's birthday, I think.
  And she had, this is when the rules  of the park were very different.
  And so she had had like a little cotton duffel bag  and she'd packed our lunches and packed cupcakes  because it's like single mom bringing two kids.
  It's like very expensive to buy food all day.
  Of course, yeah.
  They would not, they searched her bag  and wouldn't let her bring the food into the park  and threw all of it out.
  Which now they can't do.
  Now I'm sure it's like there's enough like diabetics  and people with food allergies and whatnot  that you can't do that.
  But at the time they threw all her like homemade food out.
  She somehow managed to like hide the cupcakes  and we had the cupcakes, but like it was very,  she was like, I remember her like being very upset about it.
  Which you would when you have like two little kids in tow  and suddenly you're gonna be buying  like multiple snacks and lunch.
  And yeah.
  Do you remember why they did that?  You weren't allowed to bring food into the park.
  Huh, I wonder, did that change at a certain point?  Well, I know at a certain point  you could bring food in,  but they ushered you over to the picnic area  was it just like a concrete slab with no shade.
  Like it was this like crazy place  and you could not eat anywhere else in the park.
  And now it's like you can bring anything in.
  Right, right.
  Yeah, food wise.
  Yeah, I always bring a Clif Bar or some nuts or something  just cause like when you start to hit that wall.
  Yeah, well I haven't been in a while,  but now I'm on like a crazy diet.
  So I would have to bring everything I've ate into the park.
  Oh wow, really?  And Mouse Burger is not on the diet?  I wish Mouse Burger's on the diet.
  I love a Mouse Burger.
  They're fun.
  They don't have, but they never had a thing  that is like Mickey shaped and the bun and the patty  are both.
  It's shocking that they didn't.
  It is.
  The Mouse Burgers as I recall  were just burgers called Mouse Burgers.
  Yeah, probably.
  And maybe made out of rodent, who knows.
  Magic dogs.
  Yeah, they may have had a little piece of mouse in them.
  There was a, yeah.
  Probably inadvertently had some mice parts, but.
  They fell into the fryer.
  Yeah.
  My memory as a kid was a lot of burgers and pizza.
  And I just remember my parents being so happy.
  Like two days where we had dinner or lunch reservations  of like, thank God we don't have to have a burger  or pizza today.
  Right, right.
  And then when I first started,  first came out here like 12, 13 years ago,  I was so impressed by the variety of food  at Disneyland and stuff.
  But whenever I tell someone that,  it's like, yeah, mid 2000s is when  the food started to get good.
  It was not good before that.
  It was never before.
  It was really like, you were very limited  to all the fantasy land type little spots,  which were like, as a kid, it's like amazing.
  Like you go in and it looks like you're in an old,  you know, Snow White type place.
  And like, it's so cool, but the food really was  pretty gross.
  Yes.
  The basic standard issue,  Disneyland fries remain so shitty.
  Yes, that's true.
  Unless you're at like a higher end place.
  But like a normal.
  Oh goody, yeah, good fries at a lamp light.
  Are these what were Freedom Fries for a while?  Did they do Freedom Fries?  They did Freedom Fries.
  Disney called them Freedom Fries?  Disney called them Freedom Fries.
  I remember because when it happened,  my mom was like, so, it was just insanity.
  This is the Bush Jr.
 era.
  Yeah.
  They did it?  Even though they had a French park.
  This SoCal Disneyland Freedom Fries.
  I mean, it was the little like stands  where you would get the fries, but that's all Disney.
  They had, well, and that was around the time  when they had, I think McDonald's still in the park.
  They would have like a big McDonald's fry.
  I don't remember.
  Yeah.
  So I'm sure they had variety,  different variety of fries in the park.
  They renamed Lumiere Freedom Candle.
  Ha ha ha ha.
  Rejected his voice.
  Yeah, but he had like Toby Keith's voice.
  Freedom Candle, what's up?  What's good?  Hello, Bell.
  Good to meet ya.
  Hey Beast, let's roll.
  The name's Loomer.
  Loomer the Freedom Candle.
  Here's a song.
  Red, white, and blue flames.
  Yeah.
  Be Our Guest is a country jam now.
  It's called Be Our Guest parentheses, come on in.
  Be our guest, come on in.
  Big and Rich provided the,  who was voiced by both Big and Rich at the same time.
  They combined their voices.
  The haunting echo.
  They had to speak at exactly the same clip.
  It was better though.
  Yeah.
  It was a good time.
  But here in 2019, yes, we have a wonderful,  but I'm glad you feel the same way.
  And I think this, you could almost just,  this could have been the episode about  the Carthay Manhattan specifically,  which I feel like we're probably in agreement.
  Well, I don't know, it's up for debate whether,  I would call that the best theme park beverage,  alcoholic beverage.
  Yeah, I would.
  Adult libations as our theme park.
  As every other theme park podcast.
  Do you know what this,  we're the only theme park podcast that will just say,  drinks, you get drunk, you get drunk with drinks.
  Every other theme park podcast,  like we've had a couple of adult libations,  let's just say.
  They won't say alcohol on their.
  They won't say the word alcohol.
  As if there's children listening to their adults  talking about, seriously about podcast.
  The many seven year olds hearing updates  about like the Saratoga Springs Hotel renovation.
  But I think it's similar to the comedy thing  where like one person did it  and then it just became ubiquitous.
  It was like a stone rolling down a hill,  just picking up moss.
  Oh yeah, probably.
  It does seem like an ingrained kind of,  we're good boys type of comedy.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But don't go insulting being a good boy.
  This is a phrase we have owned.
  The phrase, yeah.
  The listeners call us that.
  Oh, I did not realize.
  That's okay.
  Before the movie.
  This was before the movie.
  I didn't know there was a movie.
  In my mind I was thinking about like,  I feel like guys who were raised Christian specifically  but then aren't anymore but then still have the guilt.
  So I'm basically describing you.
  Yep, that's it.
  I'm curious.
  Guys who wear jeans with little athletic socks.
  Really cheap Hanes.
  But it feels like I can do bad adult things.
  I just won't say the words mommy.
  Sure, yes.
  I did a thing with a girl with my thing  or I put it in her thing.
  Mommy.
  Mommy.
  I'll say fucking and drinking.
  I'll say them all day.
  And then they whip themselves when they get home.
  Yes.
  We are the, we're very good boys  but we are the baddest boys in Theme Park Podcasts.
  Yeah.
  People who willingly call themselves good boys  who've embraced that title are still the baddest boys.
  Yeah.
  We're squeaky clean by comedy podcast standards  and disgusting by theme park standards.
  Yeah, it's good to know in what context  you're being considered.
  Yeah.
  Now I understand you.
  Gotta know your angles.
  Our buddy Doug Barnes on the season pass  has been very nice and was plugging us a couple times  but he'd always be like,  now there's gonna be some language on their show.
  Some language.
  Yeah, so like it's just.
  They do get a little foul but so still.
  Even the fact, that's one of my favorite things  is when people can't even bring themselves to say swearing.
  Like even swearing feels like it's referring  too closely to bad words so it's language.
  Yes.
  You do the work.
  Yes.
  I'm putting it in your head.
  And like when we started it, someone warned us,  it's like hey, just because the podcast,  we're gonna mark it explicit  because if we don't, even if you curse once or twice,  iTunes will flag it if it's not marked explicit.
  Some people see that E.
  Oh.
  Yeah.
  The mega theme park fans see that E and get a little alarmed.
  I never knew what that E was for and I never questioned it.
  Yeah.
  I thought it was excellent.
  Thank you.
  That's how I view it.
  There was an early on, I feel like we had a podcast review  that said like, if you could cool it on the language,  I would recommend it to my mom.
  I feel like there was something along the lines of that.
  Yeah.
  What mother fucker said that?  We'll never know.
  Shit head bitch.
  This is I've ever.
  Too far Scott.
  Erin is allowed to say that but not you.
  You're one of us.
  Shit head bitch.
  I'm canceled.
  It sounds like something someone full of rage spits out  when they lose their mind.
  Shit head bitch.
  Like you were in a car and you came from the office  and you had your meltdown that day.
  Well, keep in mind, as you correctly assessed,  I was raised Christian.
  So the rage is always exploding and deeply, deeply shut down.
  Have I talked on the podcast before about how my sister  didn't understand how swearing worked?  Was like, so like, if I already use a swear word,  it's a big deal but so much more Christian than I  that she truly didn't even know what the words meant.
  And things hit, came to a boiling point once and she went,  well bitch, all right.
  Like as if bitch was shit.
  Oh my God.
  That's so funny.
  Bitch you.
  Like she had had them so deeply repressed  that it was just a pool of words without actual meaning.
  She never heard an example of how one is used.
  That's very funny.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I will never forget.
  What the fuck.
  Bitch, all right.
  I won't use the, I won't say SHB about my sister.
  That's for sure.
  Of course.
  Now I'm self-censoring.
  Right, right.
  To her credit though, that is the fun thing about any  swear word is that like you can use it incorrectly  and people just go, yeah, okay.
  Like if I called you a fuck.
  Suddenly that's fine.
  And my heart going, well bitch, suddenly I'm like,  I don't know, I'll buy it.
  I find, I feel like if you have the anger behind it,  it works.
  I don't know how anyone is like eloquently profane  because I think if I truly hit a rage,  but you're right, the shit head bitch is a perfect example.
  Yeah, I'm never eloquent.
  You sounded pretty stupid.
  One of my favorite things is when I'm driving  is to hear the things that come out of my mouth  because I'm like, my brain is like still focused enough  on the driving, but then the rage comes up  and like it's none of it makes sense.
  Like I can't even, I don't even know if I can like  approximate one because I'm always like,  I hear it and I'm like, wow, that was,  I'm always like, you, funt, cock, liquor.
  And I'm like, oh, you got the words wrong.
  You crap farter.
  That makes sense.
  Yeah, it's very hard to not make sense on purpose.
  Yeah.
  So we were talking about the drinks being the best  and I agree that Manhattan is the best  of the ones I've had.
  Lindsay, K-tie.
  She likes the gin and tonic.
  She loves the dill gin and tonic and is obsessed with it.
  And it's so obsessed with it,  she has the ingredients to make it here.
  Yeah, but it does look really good.
  I'm not a big gin and tonic fan,  but I do like the herbal twist that they put on it,  literally.
  That is what stops me.
  I would like to try that, especially given  how much she digs it, but I'm there.
  I can't not have the Manhattan.
  It is hard.
  Yeah, it is hard.
  If you're there, you want the best one.
  I should try it at home.
  And you leave your ice sphere in your drink?  Oh, of course I do.
  I'm a big sphere fan.
  And in fact, I've been doing the spheres at home.
  He bought a sphere maker.
  I bought sphere and we did a little  Carthay Manhattan night.
  Wow.
  Yes.
  We had to like,  I got four little plastic sphere makers that are not,  you're not getting the quality of the sphere  that you'd be getting at the Carthay Lounge at home  because it's not clear.
  That's I think a very hard thing to do is get clear ice.
  It requires like science.
  But I had four little plastic guys to make spheres.
  And just for weeks ahead of time,  we were like making them, taking them out of the mall,  like building a stockpile of spheres,  which we had in our fridge for a while.
  Like very dangerous snowballs.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I could have, if you guys came over,  I could have killed you that night.
  Yeah, that's true.
  My issue with them is like,  so the Manhattan is not a drink  that's supposed to be served on the rocks.
  And so I've seen this criticism in preparing for this.
  Okay, all right, you've seen this.
  I get it.
  No, no.
  I'm not saying.
  One of them I said that you can add, I've seen that.
  Sorry.
  I love to know.
  There's a lot of people think that, yes.
  I love to know.
  Sorry, I missed that.
  You're saying Manhattan is not,  is served on the rocks or not?  No, it's not a drink that's served on the rocks.
  Oh, an old fashioned is served on the rocks.
  Yeah, okay.
  And so I've certainly like,  occasionally if you're in a bad bar,  they'll serve it on the rock, but that's wrong.
  It's not supposed to be.
  It's served up.
  It's served up.
  Yeah.
  And it's stirred, not shaken.
  Not shaken.
  When they shake it, I once heard myself,  this is again, like the driving,  I was at a bar and I ordered a Manhattan.
  He didn't serve it on the rocks, but he shook it.
  And I went, and he goes, are you okay?  And I was like, yeah, I'm fine.
  I was like, why would you do that?  Why would you shake?  It's this guy that has a foam on it  and it tastes totally different.
  It's so weird to me.
  That's why the shake and not stir,  James Bond's martini is watering down the alcohol.
  But some drinks you are supposed to shake.
  Some drinks you are.
  But I would think a martini would be another  that you wouldn't, I don't know.
  No, you're not really supposed to.
  So James Bond was important.
  Yeah.
  That's true.
  It's showing his true classlessness.
  Sure.
  That's probably what you might think.
  When you take this Vira,  were you doing it because of tradition?  No, because I don't like, to me,  I don't like ice in any drink because it waters it down.
  Right, right.
  So it's like slowly as it melts,  makes the drink more and more diluted  and it takes away the, I don't like that.
  So I take it out immediately so it's cold,  but not gonna dilute my drink.
  And then you put it in your pocket to throw it.
  And I put it in my pocket.
  A child later.
  Or a mascot or a beefier Pluto  you meet outside the restaurant.
  Your least favorite Disney character.
  Right, right.
  Learn to talk, you shit head bitch.
  Poor his horse collar.
  So my drink of choice, I usually, at the Carthay,  I usually opt for the Scotch Mist.
  Oh yeah, that's right.
  Which is.
  All ice.
  Pretty much all ice.
  It is supposedly Walt's drink of choice.
  It's called Walt's Scotch Mist.
  Walt's Scotch Mist, yes.
  And it said, it used to say  it was made with black and white Scotch,  which to clarify,  I always thought that was two different kinds of Scotches  and then someone, a listener told me like,  no, that is the brand of Scotch.
  You just don't see it around that much anymore.
  So it's black and white Scotch over crushed ice  with a twist.
  Does it have a mist of anything on it?  Like a different alcohol or anything?  Not really, no.
  And.
 The Scotch itself is the mist.
  I mean it either does or it doesn't.
  It doesn't, no it doesn't.
  It's just Scotch over crushed ice with a twist of lemon,  which I like.
  And I like, I don't really like drinks served up  because I feel like they hit me really hard  and I've never had much of a tolerance.
  So I need the ice.
  You like the dilute.
  I like the dilution, yeah.
  Now though, the menu says for that drink,  it's Johnny Walker Black over ice,  which is a decent, that's a fine like Scotch.
  Like that's fine.
  Most bars that is like the regular decent Scotch.
  But it's a little less special to me  because you can find it.
  Did the price stay the same?  Pretty much.
  I mean now that's tricky.
  Yes, yeah.
  And mainly you're not getting Walt's experience.
  They're breaking Walt's wishes.
  Getting his brand.
  I wonder if you go to,  what's the bar that I always wanted to go to?  The special one?  The Club 33 place?  Yeah.
  Do they have the black and white probably?  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  They have, we did go.
  They might have a more real bus.
  And they had an insane drink.
  Did you go with Garland?  No.
 No.
  We went with the crafts.
  The people who ran the,  that's from Disneyland exhibit.
  There was a museum where there were a bunch of,  like a guy was selling all of his Disney rides.
  And then when we did a show there  and then we got to go to Club 33.
  Oh cool.
  And the little private Club 33  next to Carthay Lounge called 1901.
  Oh my God, I didn't even know about this one.
  They all have numbers.
  When each time you're there, look off to the right  and there's a little door nobody's going into.
  God damn it.
  1901.
  1901's pretty fucking cool.
  I've heard the opinion  and I think I might have the opinion.
  Maybe 1901 cooler than Club 33.
  It's smaller.
  It's like a little study.
  It's like you're involved study.
  But you went in there.
  Did you drink in there?  I had a Manhattan in there and I will say this.
  The Manhattan in there was not as good  as the Manhattan in the Lounge.
  Wow.
  I mean sometimes that's a bartender thing.
  Yeah.
  I think it was a bartender thing.
  But also it was prepared table side.
  That's true too.
  And we got to see the sphere being made.
  It was made in an old fashioned way.
  It was a contraption with a very heavy weight  that just slowly crushed a cube of ice into a sphere.
  Oh, I would never have guessed  that's how they were doing it.
  It's pretty nuts.
  It is like a gravity physics driven simple machine  that slowly lowers onto a block and makes a sphere.
  It's like Superman making a diamond.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Mm-hmm.
  It's just as beautiful.
  Out of cold.
  Exactly.
  Maybe some of the appeal, because as you say this,  you're right, it is the sphere is watering down the drink,  but I just like looking at it so much.
  I mean, no, don't get me wrong.
  It's pretty, if I'm gonna have ice in the drink,  I want big ice.
  I have the big square ones at my home.
  Yes, yeah, love the big squares.
  But I don't ever use them.
  Okay, sure.
  But they're there.
  If I make a mojito, I would use ice.
  A drink like that, it's like a cause for it.
  That's more naturally.
  Right.
  But yeah, Manhattan, I see what you're saying.
  Because anywhere else you get a Manhattan,  it's probably just the, it's just the liquid.
  Yeah, it's chilled.
  Yeah.
  But it's not.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I think I just, I love looking at how clear that thing is.
  Because I looked at it, I was like,  if we wanted to do true clear ice  for having you guys over, what would we have to do?  And there was like a place downtown  where we could have done it,  and each ice sphere would have cost like $10.
  Oh my.
  I was like, there's a real art to it, apparently.
  Yeah, sure.
  Not just any civilians can.
  It's like using distilled water or spring water,  like that one knows.
  I don't think so.
  There's something to do with boiling it too.
  I think you may have to pour it in boiling.
  I don't know, my cousin is a big drink guy.
  His whole Instagram is cocktails,  and he now makes a side living off of whatever,  promoting alcohols through his Instagram.
  But he knows how to make the super clear ice.
  But it's like, it took him a long time to perfect it.
  Okay, okay, sure.
  Do you guys, when you make coffee,  do you use tap or spring or filtered water?  Oh, I use tap.
  Filter at least.
  Okay.
  I don't make coffee.
  I feel, I just.
  But I will say, I boil and do pour over,  so I'm already boiling it.
  Yeah.
  Like I'm not pointing, you know,  like I'm not putting cold water into a machine,  because I don't use one.
  Right.
  That pour over at home is probably a good idea.
  I have not gone that way.
  I feel like, does it improve the quality of life?  Well, it improves the,  I mean, it makes a really good cup of coffee,  but it also like limits you.
  If I make a pot of coffee, I'm drinking it.
  And then I'm gonna feel impending doom  and like all the things that happen  when you drink too much coffee.
  If I make myself do a pour over,  I'm like, that's it, you got one.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
  Okay, okay.
  I feel like you have pretty strong tolerance  for like coffee and liquor.
  I have never had that on either case.
  I need strong coffee, but I can't do a ton of it.
  Like I can do one or two strong coffees.
  After that, I truly, it's like my eyes turn into raisins,  and like I can't see the horizon.
  Everything's scary, like awful.
  I'm a big time coffee lightweight, like very much.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You can, I'm glad to hear you describing  that you can get like weird and paranoid and scared.
  The impending doom is so-  I'm afraid of cold brew.
  Oh, cold brew, actually.
  So now that's the only thing I can drink.
  Oh, okay.
  Because I'm on this crazy diet for like IBD,  and cold brew I read was like,  I was off coffee for five months,  which was the worst time of my life.
  I had no personality and I didn't know what anything was.
  And I would see friends and think,  this is what boring people feel like.
  No thoughts are arising in my mind.
  Like I have to just pretend to have things to say.
  Thank fucking God I started with coffee again,  and now I'm back to normal.
  But then I read, so I read that cold brew  is like better for people with IBD,  because it's less acidic, so I tried it,  and it has been fine so far.
  Oh, that's good.
  Yeah, I make it at home.
  And you can heat it, so it's like, you can have hot coffee.
  Oh, I see.
  It just has to be brewed cold.
  Yeah.
  So you don't trip, it's not scary.
  I genuinely.
  Well, for a while I was into cold brew,  and I remember I had it at Earwolf,  and it was like the most disgusting watered down thing.
  It was like the Emperor wears no clothes.
  Like they were all excited about the word,  and they're like, the cold brew, we have cold brew.
  And I was like, this is gross.
  You guys don't know you're drinking anything gross.
  I feel, yeah, some of the ones they sell in stores,  it is either gross or I'm just like,  it's like drinking concentrate.
  We're so wired.
  Groundwork cold brew is the best.
  And they sell the concentrate at Gelsen's,  and probably other places.
  And you just mix it with whatever milk you would use it with,  or you can mix it with water, but I wouldn't.
  Yeah.
  Or you can just buy their bottles,  which are just their cold brew, but not concentrate.
  I just do regular grounds,  like half a cup to four cups of water,  and put it in the fridge overnight.
  Kacen is recipe.
  And then French press that.
  Yeah, that's how you make it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We should.
  Anyway, that's my little.
  But that's pretty weak, it sounds like.
  It's pretty weak, yeah.
  Coffee at the parks.
  Let's tie it back in.
  What do you get?  I still have never gotten a coffee at the park.
  Really?  Which is shocking for me,  but I think it's because I go caffeinated,  and I don't want the impending doom at Disney.
  Yeah, sure.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I've gotten some of the coffee drinks at Carthay.
  I've always wanted to.
  I've always wanted to.
  They look really good.
  Yeah, they put, if you like,  like I like coffee with amaretto.
  I can't believe you can drink coffee that late in the day.
  Although that, actually that sounds so good.
  If you do it with the amaretto,  then you're getting like,  you're getting the chill of the alcohol,  but then a little bit of a buzz  so you can go on more rides.
  Yes.
  That sounds good.
  I like that.
  I feel like they always switch up the coffee drinks.
  It's always some sort of liqueur,  or something.
 I never even noticed  what they had there, yeah.
  Somebody, the intergrossum got an Irish coffee one time  that looked pretty solid.
  That's like with whiskey and coffee?  I feel like, that's the only thing though,  is I mean, I haven't had it with amaretto,  but anytime I've had the coffee with liquor drink,  I'm like, this is making both of them taste worse to me.
  The coffee doesn't taste great, and the,  I'd much rather.
  Have two cups of both.
  That would be ideal, honestly.
  Yeah, just one drink, drink, drink.
  Get an iced espresso and a Manhattan.
  What's off your, what do you not drink?  What's gross to you?  What's gross to me?  Mayonnaise.
  Yeah, anything white, pretty much.
  But alcohol-wise?  I mean, that, sure.
  I don't like vodka of any, no vodka.
  I'm not really a clear alcohol person.
  I will drink gin or white rum if it's in a cocktail,  but it's not ever my first choice.
  Sure, sure.
  Right now I can't drink at all.
  I haven't had a drink since last Christmas.
  Okay, wow.
  We're here talking about, this is just,  you're just getting pummeled with drink info for amaretto?  I mean, I love it, I love it.
  I can't have a lot of things right now.
  I can't have chocolate either,  and I bought a Bon Appetit magazine  that was just chocolate recipes,  and read it like a little fiend,  where I was like, got so hungry  I couldn't fall asleep that night.
  Whoa, a little fiend.
  A little chocolate fiend.
  Little chocolate fiend, who does that remind you of?  I can assure you, I eat enough for the both of us.
  Thank God somebody is, Jason.
  I knew I could count on you.
  What do you got in the house, chocolate-wise, Jason?  Well, it's very funny you ask.
  So, I bought this,  I bought these like caramel chocolate sea salt cookies  that are far too salty.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I made a mistake there.
  There is no too salty, keep going.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They're really salty.
  That's my thing with the Carthay.
  And you're licking your lips and grinding.
  The collagen and tonic is too salty to me.
  It's too tangy to me.
  Tangy or salty?  Those feel like different things.
  Both.
  Is it salty?  It is salty, isn't it?  Cause it's got a little pickle brine in there.
  Oh, I guess that, yeah, you're right.
  So, I have that, and then I bought a bar,  Girodeli, so they have like the dark chocolates,  the percentages of cacao.
  Yeah, they do.
  And I saw like, oh, 92%.
  That's interesting.
  That's fucking dark.
  And it's-  92 proof.
  They took a few squares,  cause at first I was like, this is, there is,  on the back, it's like there was hardly any sugar  in a square.
  It tastes almost like baking chocolate,  but then it's just palatable enough.
  Yeah.
  But after a few squares, it's grown on me.
  I do like it now.
  I love dark chocolate.
  I can't have milk chocolate at all.
  To me, it's like a different category.
  Okay.
  Hmm.
  Was there ever a time, cause I,  the dark chocolate, I feel like I've had to get used to.
  Milk chocolate now was always, of course, the default.
  Pretty early on, I started liking dark chocolate.
  Yeah.
  Like as a kid, as a kid for sure.
  But I mean, as a little kid,  I would eat Easter candy and Halloween candy  and all that's usually milk chocolate, but-  For sure.
  Easter, yeah, Easter candy especially.
  But yeah, I think 92% might be a little much for me.
  I like it, but I think like 80 or 70  is probably the right level.
  You're calibrating your level like a mattress or-  Yes.
  CBD oil.
  Yeah, sure.
  What's your number?  Jason's chocolate update.
  Yeah, so that's my chocolate update.
  If you did have to put, do you have an ideal number?  It's not 92, probably quite.
  I think it's somewhere between 70 and 80,  but I do usually prefer dark chocolate,  except like at Easter time,  I like all the milk chocolate Cadbury stuff.
  But I mean, all that stuff would be so much better dark,  like Cadbury egg with dark chocolate,  that would be so much better with the dark,  with the sweet yolk.
  I agree with that for sure.
  They have some of that now.
  They do, they have dark chocolate Cadbury egg?  Because the milk chocolate with the yolk,  it's like, it's just sugar on sugar to me.
  Yeah, I see what you're saying.
  My palate's too refined at this point.
  Yeah, you're used to a certain thing,  a certain standard of chocolate.
  Can we make Jason do an Easter egg hunt for,  is that bonus content?  Oh, yes.
  Like right there on Easter egg hunt.
  Is that a good episode of me ranking  my Easter candy choices?  I mean, I wanna hear that,  but I also wanna see you go on a hunt first.
  I want the hunt.
  Yeah, I want the hunt too.
  I'll do a hunt.
  What if it's clues that lead you to where the eggs are  that are somehow like Disney trivia based?  Okay.
  I just wanna stand here like a parent  and be excited when he gets close.
  You know, like, oh, oh, oh, he's getting close.
  A little pro parent curl up.
  If I could do an Easter egg hunt  without those pesky kids around,  that would sound great.
  That part was always stressful.
  I remember as a kid,  we never participated in those,  like if there'd be a group hunt at a hotel  we were staying at or something like that,  because truly to me, even as a child,  the anxiety outweighed whatever chocolate I would find.
  Like even when my,  this is how competitive my sister and I were.
  My mom had to, she'd separate the yard  and we had Easter egg hunts.
  We each had our own on one side of the yard.
  Like here's the line where you can't hunt pasts  and my sister had all her stuff and I had all mine.
  Cause if we hunted together,  I would have gotten too upset.
  Right.
  That's just that sort of like outside the box thinking  that they say geniuses do that like seems so,  I think that's brilliant.
  I think that's like, well, you've solved the problem.
  That's great.
  Yeah, she did solve the problem.
  And my mom was also very good at Easter egg hunts.
  Like we would get little stuffed animals.
  And like, it was definitely like,  if it would not have made sense if like I had run through  with, you know, like teeth gritted and like gotten everything.
  Cause I would have gotten two of everything.
  Yeah.
  Oh, so she evened it out.
  So everybody.
  Everybody got the same stuff.
  Right.
  I have to give my parents a lot of credit  cause they would, me and my brother would each get  an Easter basket, but we'd wake up Easter morning  and find a jelly bean trail in the hallway.
  Oh my God.
  Jelly bean trail.
  I've never heard this story from you.
  I think I heard all this.
  Holy shit.
  We would have to follow the jelly bean trails.
  Parents there is so excited like I am.
  Every now and then there would be a dead end  or like a red herring.
  How do we not know this?  How old were you?  How, what age was this?  I want to picture little Jason at the right level.
  For years.
  Oh my God.
  For years, like through middle school.
  Oh my God.
  This is fantastic.
  Jelly bean trail.
  Jelly bean trail.
  And then to the basket.
  And then, so, but then sometimes.
  And the basket was already full?  Yeah.
  Well, we each, it was the same.
  We each had our own baskets, the same baskets every year.
  So like if you found the others,  you just kind of were like, okay.
  Right, right.
  Like a stocking.
  And to keep looking.
  And then there'd usually be like a movie in it  or a stack of comics.
  But with the candy, it wasn't like,  we would usually get like one thing in the Easter basket.
  Would you eat the jelly beans  as you walked along the trail?  Not, you might have one or two.
  Oh, really?  We would definitely collect them.
  Now I'm picturing ET.
  We would definitely collect them.
  Now I am totally picturing ET,  like crunching his way towards the Easter basket.
  Collect them and then we would  disperse that I would put them in the basket  because I wouldn't want to inventory the basket first  before I started.
  Oh yeah, you gotta organize your candy.
  Because it's also, it's like, all right,  I'm gonna have one or two pieces  and then I gotta eat breakfast  and then we gotta go to church  and then we gotta go to another family.
  And the whole thing with that kind of loot  is anticipating it.
  Like that was Halloween too.
  I would organize it first by like,  you know, fruits and chocolates  and then I'd like mess it all up again  and be like, now by favorite,  mess it all up again.
  Now by whatever, like how I'm gonna pack.
  Alphabetize.
  I mean, I would do it by every category I could think of.
  Whoa.
  I loved it.
  Halloween and Easter would kind of stress me out  because unless they fell on a Friday or Saturday,  well, Easter didn't fall on Saturdays.
  Easter seems to be Sunday every year.
  Typically, usually.
  Typically.
  So far.
  But Easter especially would stress me out  because it was like, once I got the basket,  I was like, the clock is ticking.
  I have to go to school tomorrow.
  Like I knew, like any relaxation from the week off  or the long weekend.
  You don't drive to school along a jelly bean trail.
  No, you don't at all.
  Okay, so I have a few questions about the jelly bean trail.
  Okay, so what surface wore the jelly beans on?  Was it carpet?  It was carpet.
  It was carpet.
  From the bedrooms down the hallway to the living room.
  Okay, about how many jelly beans  do you think the trail was long?  Yeah, like how, tell us the spacing.
  Space kind of far apart.
  I think like by the time,  probably like 20 or so.
  20 jelly beans?  Maybe a couple dozen.
  I had somehow, I was picturing them back to back.
  So it was 100, it was 100.
  I was picturing at least 500 jelly beans.
  At least, yeah.
  And Jason's eating all of them.
  I mean, eating them not even touching them.
  Yeah, eating them not even touching them with his hand.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Hands flat on the ground.
  A little exorcist.
  And you would eat them off the carpeting?  I would collect them.
  Right, but you would eat all of them.
  Yeah, they would get eaten.
  Interesting, does anybody?  What's your favorite color jelly bean?  Pink.
  White.
  White is good too, that's up there.
  But I love red too.
  Cherry, yeah.
  Purple, grape.
  Never the green and yellow, no thanks.
  No, no one thinks so.
  Orange is on the fence.
  Yeah, orange is pretty good.
  Well, I just want the listeners,  mark it down this episode,  the reveal of Jason's jelly bean trail.
  That's gonna come back a lot,  I think, in the history of the podcast.
  You're simultaneously full of joy that you've discovered it,  but also having regrets of many years  of not knowing about the jelly beans.
  I can't believe we didn't know about this.
  The jelly bean trail has not come up before.
  I just, now I'm like,  oh, the Heralds we could have done.
  Okay.
  Oh my gosh.
  You don't think I'd keep myself up at night  thinking about that?  I mean, by the time you found that basket,  someone had a hat headache, you know?  We have not really talked about Jason's hat headaches  so much on the show.
  No, it's a family-  I'm kind of over it, I'm wearing a hat right now.
  It's a family trait that all the Sheridans  get hat headaches from their hats.
  That is real.
  And Jason brought it up to us  as if it was a phrase that everybody uses.
  Yes.
  You know, when you get a hat headache.
  Usually, eventually I realize,  it's like, well, that meant it was very hot outside  and I was not drinking enough water  and I probably had my hat on too tight.
  Well, it's also, the too tight part is a big factor.
  But I think it's also,  I think I ever wore hats as a child.
  Like we were not a hat wearing family.
  I would get a ponytail headache.
  I think we sunburned the easiest kids.
  Oh, ponytail headache.
  I believe if you pull it too tight.
  It hurts, oh my God, yeah.
  Right?  Yeah.
  And people get wig headaches.
  Those have to be on pretty tight.
  Sure.
  They wear a wig for a long time.
  Wigs hurt.
  Yeah.
  Pull back.
  Jason's pond deals just came up on a recent show.
  Remember he used to put a little piece of hot dog  on the end of a fishing line and then fish for pond deals.
  So like the stuff we've learned has come out.
  That's why I'm just shocked at Jelly Bean Trail.
  I had never heard of it before.
  Because it's one of the best.
  It's already one of the best.
  We've been on the Jelly Bean Trail  for 110 episodes or whatever.
  Yeah, we just didn't know it.
  I say we, I have nothing here.
  You were in the whole, the old Herald run.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The reward finally came.
  So now write your Instagram post.
  It was a long trail but I feel good to have gotten here.
  I got the basket.
  Were it not for all those Monday nights  I would have never discovered the greatest.
  The Jason basket, yeah.
  I'm looking at the menu for Karthay here.
  And the Karthay, the Karthay man has 17.
50, which I think.
  That's more than we used to pay, right?  His way is like, it used to be like 14.
  Yeah, probably around that.
  Yeah.
  It's the pricey one.
  They've kept.
  I just had a more expensive one than that.
  Granville in LA where we've been.
  Oh right.
  Yeah, there's that.
  18.
  Interesting.
  Wow, they're really getting up there.
  Yeah, no kidding.
  I'm looking at the thing here and they have,  and I remember I got this one year on Halloween.
  They have, because it's Halloween season,  they have the poison appletini, which has not the ice  but a little like skull, like melty,  like piece of plastic that lights up in the drink.
  So it's a similar.
  I mean that's fun.
  Not to me worth drinking an appletini.
  Yeah.
  It sounds so bad.
  Yeah.
  I like one sugar nonsense drink generally.
  Yeah, I can't do it.
  But like I couldn't do many appletinis.
  Yeah, I hope not.
  I mean I could if I had to,  but going to my head I could do it.
  You'll do the appletini trail.
  I feel like they should have made that more  of like a bitter cider cocktail.
  Like that would have been a fun way to get the apple  in there without being disgusting.
  Yes, that is true.
  They, yeah, I wonder, I would be so interested.
  We should really have emailed and tried to get the breakdown  of like what people like, like what gets ordered the most.
  I'm always curious about that type of thing.
  Like do most people go in there and order a sugary drink  like an appletini or does everyone know  that Carthy Manhattan is the best?  Or do people go for Scotch Mist because of the Walt thing?  Right, who knows?  Well, and it's funny when you look around in there too.
  I mean, I think we, I feel like we've been in there before  when it felt like the kind of people who go for a cocktail  and then you also realize that like sometimes people  just drag their family in for a snack  not really knowing what it is.
  Right.
  They're not taking advantage of.
  It's very, it's much darker than a lot of places park  and very heavily air conditioned.
  So.
  Air conditioning is.
  Major things.
  It's the only time I appreciate air conditioning.
  Yes.
  Because I hate air conditioning.
  But after you're tramping around on the sun,  it feels good.
  You hate, does it just feel like weird fake wind  or something to you?  Well, I don't like being cold, number one.
  But yes, I don't like the, it's like an oppressive wind.
  I don't like anything that's sort of like,  I always start to feel like I'm getting sick  when I'm in a lot of air conditioning.
  Yeah, I know what you're saying.
  Yeah.
  But Disneyland, necessary.
  So it makes those, it's a commonly said thing,  but your theaters, your Lincoln shows  and your American adventures,  it's almost the main thing about it.
  Yeah, it's a break.
  Yeah.
  It's a break.
  Very necessary.
  This whole place too, it's such a little like prison  in a good way because you can't,  like your cell phone doesn't really work in there  in the lounge for whatever reason.
  My cell phone doesn't work anywhere in Disneyland.
  I mean, it's a true vacation when I get there.
  Sprint, if you're listening.
  I have Sprint.
  I have called them about the Disney issue.
  Wow.
  They did nothing about it.
  And you demanded like install a cell tower in Anaheim.
  You know, I tried to get them,  I was like trying to get a better deal.
  I was like, listen, I go to Disneyland a lot  and my cell phone doesn't even work there,  which could be very dangerous  if I get separated from my friends and I can't find them.
  And I threatened to leave and they asked like,  okay, so you want us to terminate?  And I was like, oh no.
  Yeah.
  When you put it that way,  that's a scary word.
  The companies don't care  about your business anymore at all.
  Yeah, it's getting bad.
  And Disney's wifi is bad, unless you're in the hotels.
  The hotel ones have decent wifi now.
  But like- It's a weird thing too.
  You would think like they have so many apps  and things that you can use.
  It's like they should,  maybe it's just the number of users, everyone using it.
  Well, I think it's a combo with that.
  And then I heard the signal to like the stations,  the wifi stations are by the rights  because they need the FastPass Plus stuff to work.
  Oh, that's why my cell phone does work in Indiana Jones.
  That's the only place I've been able to text people.
  Just get a bunch of text.
  You get off that ride and ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
  Yeah, it's when I'm in line, I'm like,  ooh, I can check things.
  Weird, even though you're like under grant,  you're in a tunnel, it feels counterintuitive.
  Oh my God, no, I just realized actually what it is.
  Isn't that, isn't Indiana Jones where all the like  hieroglyphics, when they first open that ride,  the hieroglyphics that are in, when you're waiting,  it used to be sponsored by Sprint.
  And so you got these like, it was so silly  when that ride first opened, you got these like  cardboard things that had Sprint on one side  and the other side, you could decipher like the message.
  And it was essentially a, it was an ad for Sprint,  which was fairly different.
 Was it Sprint?  I think it was Sprint, it was something,  if it wasn't Sprint, it was AT&T maybe.
  Something like that, but it's also just the fact  that they did that.
  I mean, I know they can change the meaning of those symbols  at any time and then take it, but it's.
  It was something really tippet,  like the power of communication.
  Yeah, really bad.
  Indiana Jones believes, Indiana Jones didn't have a cell phone,  could have gotten himself out of a lot of messes.
  Today, we're luckier.
  He should have had his cell phone at the end of the ride.
  I should have used this.
  The real treasure was this.
  I'm surprised, it's almost shocking  that they don't have that.
  Like now that they've added Johnny Depp,  when are they gonna take that Me Too dude out?  We've had that discussion, I feel like they've gotta be  heading that way.
  I mean, as there's a franchise,  as the franchise keeps going without him,  maybe that's the justification.
  And then it's like, say goodbye to Captain Jack  and they'd never, because they're never gonna say it.
  They're never gonna say, we're removing the canceled robot.
  It was just such a bummer to shove him in there  in the first place.
  It's like, the movie came from the ride,  then go backwards.
  Right, yes.
  And he's having this like unaffiliated plot  that doesn't really intermingle with the rest.
  He's like so on the side.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, and all his mischief leads to riches.
  Yeah, he wins in the end.
  He can use those riches now.
  Yes.
  He's got so many lawsuits going.
  He's probably sneaking in there all the time,  trying to pass himself off as a robot  and get that gold out.
  Johnny Depp to pay off his debtors.
  Yeah, I mean he owns nine islands.
  Creditors.
  Hollywood vampires gigs are only gonna pay for so much.
  20 a head, I don't know.
  Yeah, they're not charging that much for his rock shows.
  Do you two have memories though  of stuff we talked about at Carthay?  I was trying to think about that.
  I mean I imagine it's a lot of the same  UCB adjacent bull shit.
  Well sure, I'm sure we did our fair share of griping.
  But I remember good sort of relationship,  childhood stuff.
  I remember learning some about your childhood  and I obviously wouldn't say it on the podcast.
  But I just feel like we got into very good stuff  and I was so curious if you guys had similar fond memories.
  I have fond memories but I don't remember specifics that well.
  But I have fond memories for sure.
  The three of us went down around my birthday  like three years ago.
  And I just remember being happy to be out of the house  sitting around, it was not a good time for me.
  We brought this up on an earlier episode.
  Do you do remember the photo shoot we got to have  during Jason's birthday?  That was pretty exciting.
  Were you there for the train photo shoot?  Yeah, it was there.
  So that's the three of us.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  So we got to go on because the train was parked  because they were doing work on the rivers of America.
  So the photographer took us onto the train  and then behind a little secret corner  around the Haunted Mansion.
  Yeah, she took us around in the Haunted Mansion.
  That part wasn't as cool as you would think.
  I thought we were gonna get to maybe go into some real,  I don't know, behind the scenes spooky stuff  but it was more like you can go stand by this pillar  that you would have stood by  if you were waiting in line kind of.
  The mausoleum.
  It was just like one extra level down  that would have been where the maintenance people go.
  But it was fun.
  Did you get photos as part of that?  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  I guess so but now I don't, I mean.
  I sent them to everyone at the time.
  Did somebody have them?  I'm sure you did.
  I have them, yeah.
  Because we got to add to that.
  Those are very popular on our Twitter.
  The Mike Jason photos were.
  There's a picture of Jason climbing the back of the train  because she would suggest things to us.
  I think you must have sent them to me  and then I probably just didn't open the file.
  I bet I forgot.
  I mean, I still have them.
  So there's a picture.
  I think there's a picture of all three of us  with our heads sticking out the train window.
  That's cute.
  Were you post that?  We'll post that.
  We'll post that.
  We're missing piece to this photo shoot.
  You had no idea.
  You were part of the magic.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We used to go to Disneyland a lot.
  Did you ever pass for two years or a year?  I think I did for two years.
  I'd go down sometimes.
  I went with you and Lindsay a couple times.
  I went with the three of us a few times  and then we'd bring Marissa a bunch.
  It was you, me and Marissa went once.
  We did that too.
  Because you made me sit in Big Thunder.
  We made you sit in the middle.
  In between.
  Because it was cozy.
  All three of us went in Big Thunder.
  Three's company.
  We have a good picture of that too  because Mike doesn't look happy but he was.
  It was a little tight  and then there was a woman behind us photo bombing us.
  Truly amazing.
  When we were taking a photo.
  Truly amazing photo bomb.
  She was like throwing up a peace sign behind us.
  That may have also been the ride  when the woman in front of us had such long hair  that I was like, she's gonna die or kill us all.
  Oh no, this was, we talked to Mary Allen about this.
  The last episode that came out.
  Were you with her?  She has a story that's very similar to this.
  Maybe I was with Mary because I have gone,  yes, I went with wild horses once.
  That's what she was saying.
  That there was hair that felt like  it was gonna get caught or something.
  Her hair was down to her knees.
  Yeah.
  And so she, and she very like empathetically,  if that's the right word,  like took her hair from her shoulders  and like made sure it was like splayed.
  Purposefully.
  And it was like flying but it was definitely like  when the train would slow, it was like it would fall a bit  and go towards the track and I was like,  this is, and this is it.
  I'm gonna watch her head get ripped off  or the whole train's gonna derail.
  And I was hoping for head if I have to pick one.
  Okay, don't hurt us all.
  Turn the gun on yourself first is what I'm saying.
  If her hair had gotten caught on one of those branches,  she would have been spinning around  like one of those possums.
  I mean, that would have been cute.
  That's what I wanted to say last week.
  I didn't get to say it.
  Oh, well, so you got the mirror.
  I had that in the bank.
  I really wanted to talk about that woman  spinning around like a possum.
  So thanks for the second chance.
  Yeah, it's not often that you get to use  the line you think of later.
  Yes, that was my best answer.
  So it got brought back up.
  Okay, here we go.
  Oh my God, it's here.
  Just glad I didn't stumble.
  Yeah, you did it.
  You nailed it.
  You sure did, boy, historic joke.
  Yeah, so yeah, I remember.
  I remember that's my most vivid memory is that photo shoot.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  I'm just so excited that more chapter,  yeah, that we weren't done.
  Which people have asked people,  I have seen people write us on Twitter and say,  what was that phrase again  that you have to say to get those photos?  Which it's unclear now whether you.
  What was the phrase?  Are you inspired, I had to say to the photographer.
  And it seems like the result is mixed.
  And now it seems like that's not quite.
  Some people don't know it, some people don't.
  They said like you can't, it's like not really,  that's not really the phrase anymore,  but the people that roam around,  you could still get them to like.
  Were you inspired?  Were you inspired at any time?  If you were inspired, what would I say now?  I haven't honestly tried it in a few years, so.
  So I think you guys went, as you're saying,  you went to Carthay a lot.
  Have you ever gone off your usual path  and tried any of the very old timey drinks  they have, Pimm's Punch, a Negroni, a Sidecar, like.
  No, and I'm disappointed in myself.
  I love Negronis and I love Sidecars.
  Yeah.
  So I should, if I go back, I should try,  especially if I'm doing a two drink thing,  if I can ever drink again,  I'll do a fun old timey drink.
  There's one called a Ginger Rogers,  which is Plymouth Gin, Luxardo, Apricot, L'Cour,  Noily Prat Dry Vermouth.
  I, of course, start every day with a glass  of Noily Prat Dry Vermouth.
  And a.
  In your buttermilk.
  A hint of fresh lemon juice.
  That it's served up.
  That sounds good.
  Yeah.
  But not good enough that I want the whole drink.
  You know, like I wanna taste that,  I don't wanna drink it.
  You could try.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's a problem with a lot of beverages, I feel like.
  With the non-alcoholic blue milk,  I'm done with that after three sips.
  You, what?  That's in Star Wars.
  Star Wars.
  Blue milk?  It's more of a slushy-ish thing.
  It's more of like a fruit smoothie.
  Actually milk.
  It's alcoholic in Florida,  and I'm excited to try it with alcohol in Florida.
  But here, it's just, you get the flavor,  and then after a few sips, like I'm about to.
  It's not dairy.
  It's like iced rice milk.
  That does, I mean, that's better, but doesn't sound good.
  No, I liked it more than I thought,  because I really don't like super sugary bullshit.
  Are you a milk boy?  I'm not a milk boy, and it's not milk,  so it's not a problem.
  I'm very much not a milk boy.
  Milk shakes have been a problem for me in the recent past.
  I don't drink milk anymore.
  Of the three of us, Aaron,  who do you think's the biggest milk boy?  Gosh, if I had to guess, I think it'd be this.
  I'm not making eye contact with you,  because I can just feel it on me.
  I mean, it would be the guy  who still orders full glasses of milk.
  I don't order a full glass of milk.
  There was a day during our city walk,  when you had milk and cookies for dinner one time.
  You were adding me on Twitter.
  Someone had a joke about someone witnessing a date  where someone ordered a full glass of milk,  and you tagged me so quickly.
  Because immediately I was like,  it has to have been Jason.
  I mean, there's a handful of men  drinking milk as adults.
  There's not many women.
  It feels like a male thing to me,  or maybe it's a Midwestern thing.
  Not that you're Midwestern,  but I feel like I could more see a Midwestern woman  drinking a full glass of milk.
  It's a very 60s thing.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Do you still do milk, a full glass of milk?  I mostly do the almond milk.
  But you'll drink it as just a glass of milk?  Not like a juice glass size thing with cookies.
  If I want cookies and milk, I'll have it.
  That is so funny.
  But I'm not solo drinking cookies.
  That's still the funniest to me.
  Cookies and milk solo.
  I mean, that's still a glass of milk.
  Like four to six ounces?  Yeah, that's a glass of milk.
  Okay.
  It's a decent.
  It's a small pour, but.
  Most adults are putting it in coffee.
  I put it in coffee.
  I put it on special K.
  Okay, you put it on cereal.
  Yeah.
  I can't even do that.
  Maybe a splash with oatmeal.
  But you will have a cup, and there's milk in it,  and you drink the milk.
  A small glass to dip cookies in.
  It is primarily dipping cookies.
  It's primarily a cookie dipping.
  I just never got.
  Milk is a cookie dip.
  I've disliked milk since I was a teeny tiny.
  It's never appealed to me.
  I did drink milk probably up through high school.
  Yeah, and then my now wife Erin,  as soon as we started dating,  I think I had her parents.
  I was like, can I go get a glass of milk?  She was like, you want a glass of milk from my parents?  And then all it took was her.
  She said, you still drink milk?  Why?  And then you saw it.
  And then all of a sudden,  these came out of your body.
  Totally.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It was just a surge of sobering up.
  Oh God.
  It's so funny.
  Those moments as an adult are really funny,  because I feel like you have those moments a lot as a kid  when you do something that you think is normal,  and then everyone looks at you,  and it's like, fuck,  that was just something my family did,  or just something I did.
  But it must be so funny as an adult.
  I feel like only occasionally now will I have that,  but it's kind of a great feeling,  because it's like, wow,  I'm still learning about the world.
  There's still mysteries.
  It's not all done for me.
  It's all in the past.
  Yeah.
  Learning that hat headache is not a thing everybody gets.
  I'm just disappointed everyone didn't get  that Easter morning jelly bean trail.
  You know?  Yeah, no, I didn't get a trail.
  Do you maybe think everybody got,  that was a standard issue, parent thing.
  I don't know about the jelly bean trail.
  I knew people got Easter baskets.
  I mean, we definitely, we had to search,  we got an empty basket, and then searched the garden.
  For everything.
  So it was like, and my mom was pretty good  at hiding things, like she would camouflage green on green.
  You know?  You really had to hunt.
  My mother-in-law still does Easter egg hunts to this day.
  It's great.
  Like she hunts, or she makes them for people?  She provides a hunt for my, for her daughter,  my wife and me, and the other kids and cousins.
  Like it's adult Easter egg hunts on Easter every year.
  It's a blast.
  And they have these lottery tickets inside.
  That's a good little, yeah.
  So then you're at it,  and everybody's scratching afterwards.
  So it keeps the celebration going.
  You guys are so on board for getting  a lottery ticket as a gift.
  To me that is, no offense to your mother-in-law,  but like the cheesiest.
  But man, if one, if one is a big one.
  But you probably don't.
  It's kind of a bullshit gift.
  But it's fun.
  She should just give you cash.
  I like it because it's like,  it's one more hunt after the hunt.
  Yeah, it's the thrill of the chase.
  It's the thrill of the chase,  then you get the thrill, oh my gosh.
  I could seriously see.
  I feel like I associate lottery tickets with,  nevermind.
  Self-censoring.
  I'll be a nicer, I've grown,  and I'll be nicer as well.
  I don't associate it with trash.
  No.
  No.
  So associate it with Charlie Buckets,  with the, you know, it's the thrill of like,  Yeah, but at least I came with a chocolate bar.
  Yes, he did get something out of it.
  If the ticket didn't work, you got candy.
  This is just a ticket.
  Yeah.
 Edwin.
  And a bunch of like,  Edwin's freaking out.
  And a bunch of weird little like scratchy,  what do you, like,  the little wormy remnants of lottery ticket goo  is horrible.
 That's gross.
  That I will say.
  That not as good as a big chocolate bar.
  Right.
 We can agree on that.
  Let's talk about, oh Jason.
  Carthay Circle.
  Oh, yeah, I was gonna bring it back.
  We hadn't really mentioned the inspiration for this.
  Sure.
  The building, the real life Carthay Circle.
  Yeah.
  Which used to be in Los Angeles,  located 6316 San Vicente Boulevard.
  I checked a satellite map.
  It is now office buildings.
  And a really boring office building too.
  It's gone?  Yeah.
  Yeah, it was demolished in 1969.
  Oh.
  Yeah.
  I didn't actually know it was based on anything,  but now that I've learned that  and then also learned it was demolished  in the same sentence, I'm really sad.
  Roller coaster ride for you.
  It's like when I learned the stars of Twilight had dated,  but then they broke up.
  I learned it all in one minute.
  Oh no.
  And I was so excited and then so sad for them.
  All the emotions at once.
  And our president had a lot of opinions on the subjects.
  Yes, he tweeted about that.
  He tweeted about it so many times.
  The Twilight?  He tweeted about like,  Stuart treated Pattinson like a dog  or he had that weird phrase.
  Pattinson side, obviously.
  Yeah.
 Oh boy.
  Yeah, so many tweets about that couple.
  Anyway.
  Wow.
  Back to the 60s.
  So the real Carthay Circle took its name  because the auditorium, it was a theater.
  It was a movie theater.
  The auditorium was a perfect circle  inside of a square building.
  Like the Cinerama Dome today.
  Yes.
  Sort of an equivalent  and probably like when those were both open  at the same time, probably the two best places to see  original like nice print movies in the 50s and 60s.
  Yeah, before, like it showed a lot of road shows.
  Like before multiplexes, there was like a more,  a smaller number of prints  and they were usually very high quality prints  that would travel around.
  So this would show very high quality prints of movies,  hosted movie premieres.
  The big Disney connection is that it hosted the premiere  of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
  Also hosted the premiere of Gone with the Wind,  the 1936 version of Romeo and Juliet  and 1937 best picture winner, the life of Emile Zola.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Hey, don't forget,  let's show some love to the first premiere ever held there.
  Cecil B.
 DeMille's The Volga Boatman.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Also where my Volga head's at.
  It's more, even more insane to me  that they changed Tower of Terror.
  It fits so well with the time.
  Oh yeah, the era.
  Oh, like actually doing this 30s centerpiece,  made it connect to a 30s hotel.
  That's true.
  It would have been, it's weird  cause like the whole Hollywood street  is supposed to be like that  but it's still like not that well themed.
  It's still like kind of themed  but the car today is so well themed.
  It felt like if they were like next to each other  it would have been almost perfect.
  But you get a bunch of that,  you get that crap plastic Hollywood in between.
  But it just all had that old California feel  which is to me what it's supposed,  like that's what California Adventure's supposed to be.
  I mean, and don't get me wrong,  I like Guardians of the Galaxy.
  I just don't understand why they had to shove it  into a cool Twilight Zone ride.
  Like why did they do that?  Why did they just build a new one?  Cheap because it's cheaper.
  They don't want to license the Twilight Zone anymore.
  That's not true though.
  That doesn't matter.
  It's not that much money.
  It's not that much money.
  It's not that much.
  I'm just saying I think it was like they wanted it quick  and they wanted it cheap or.
  Have you been on it?  Guardians?  I mean of course you have.
  Yeah it's great.
  Yeah.
  I haven't been on it.
  But the one in Florida is still Twilight Zone  and it's the better version.
  I mean, who's gonna go to Florida?  We're going in the mall.
  We're going in the mall.
  Tickets are still on sale.
  Oh yeah, you have a tour.
  I saw that somewhere.
  We sure do, so come see us in Orlando.
  In Orlando, the 24th.
  That's so exciting.
  Yeah.
  I know, we're all going to Disney World together.
  As early kids set in,  we've been friends for two years  and now our first en masse trip.
  Yeah.
  This is really exciting.
  It's gonna, we're a good boy.
  I hope a lot of photographers are inspired down there.
  And are you gonna do like on the road podcasts  like as you're there?  Like.
  No, probably not.
  We weren't gonna but.
  A little hotel room podcast after a day at the park?  I mean maybe.
  Maybe we should, I don't know.
  Maybe perhaps.
  Sounds like there's not a lot of excitement about it.
  Not a bad idea.
  Yeah.
  We are staying at three different hotels  on multiple different flights.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We're split up.
  But if that's something people want, we could do.
  But then we're gonna take time out of being in the park.
  Yeah, the problem with that is that like  we just want to do the live show and just go on rides.
  Well yeah, and you'd have to bring all your equipment which.
  Yeah, it's a little bit of a pain.
  It's a lot.
  We'll have to bring some of it though.
  We'll do a little.
  Because we have to record the live shows.
  Well, I could be wrong about this.
  Weren't they initially thinking  maybe they would actually build the Carthay as a theater  and have premieres there?  Wasn't that an idea?  I've seen floated.
  Maybe.
  That could be totally wrong.
  At California Adventure.
  Oh, possibly.
  Yeah, I don't think, and I think when it opened  I wasn't even aware of what was inside.
  I knew there was this new centerpiece they were building  but the fact that it was a nice restaurant and bar  I don't think I was aware of.
  I also think a lot of tourists don't know  because this is easy to get into.
  Like the lounge is very easy.
  Not after this podcast.
  I guess not after this.
  We've blown the lid off of it.
  But you have to get in line outside.
  Yeah, sometimes it goes and goes.
  Sometimes it can be 20-ish minutes.
  Yeah, but yeah, you're right.
  It's not terrible though.
  It's not like you need a reservation.
  Like the restaurant.
  I wonder if it's going that way.
  I don't know.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Because it does feel like it's never so crazy bad.
  And so worth it no matter what.
  And yeah, for 20 minutes you're still.
  Like you need it.
  It's not something that we can pass up.
  No.
  It's funny, what usually has the longer line  and I think because it's open air and people can see it  is the bar at the pier, at what is now Pixar Pier.
  So many people.
  People might think that's the only bar there.
  Yeah, because you can see it's a bar  with a view of the water.
  And people also probably just want to drink at that point.
  Like this is an experience.
  This is like we're gonna sit in a dark,  like non-Disney feeling atmosphere  and really like.
  That's true.
  It's like cutting the day in half.
  It's a very good point.
  It's great that it doesn't feel that Disney-ish.
  It doesn't feel Disney.
  Other than there's a little nod.
  Here's like the little,  there's a little Oscar of Snow White or something or other.
  But like.
  Sure, I mean they have like,  there's exactly like nicer hints at it.
  But there is not the like,  we built this to look like a fake interior of a, you know.
  Yeah.
  It's just art.
  Because you need a break from the,  like I can get my,  when there's people who don't understand  going to Disneyland all the time,  I can understand needing the break  from just like cartoons in your face all the time.
  It's just like a.
  It's nice though because it's like a break with ambience.
  It's not like going back to your hotel room  and taking a break where you're just in like no.
  No aesthetic.
  Nothing.
  Like this really is like,  you've traveled back in time.
  Yeah.
  It's art deco.
  There's a lot of pictures of old Hollywood stuff.
  Some very funny pictures of Walt Disney  where they have very clearly  Photoshopped a cigarette out of his hand.
  So he's just got two fingers.
  That is hilarious.
  Like this.
  Just waving his finger.
  Have I told you my Walt Disney story?  It's not my Walt Disney story.
  My mom met Walt Disney.
  What?  Really?  This story you've told before.
  It's insane.
  It's insane.
  When my mom was little,  her family went to Disneyland  and so I don't know what,  this probably was in the 60s.
  And she saw Walt Disney sitting there  and like was so like thrilled  and went over and she asked him for his autograph.
  And he said, Jesus Christ kid,  can't you see him eating a hot dog?  And like that was the interaction.
  And she walked away and was really upset.
  Sure.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  That's not at all like Tom Hanks  giving out little business cards  with his autograph already on it  like in that movie.
  And just to make people aware,  that is what will happen if you approach Jason  after one of our live shows.
  I've gotten that answer from Jason many a time.
  Okay.
  Aaron, I did a Harold  and then I had to come down with a hot dog.
  It was bad enough.
  I had to listen to a rotating cast of dipshits  and then they just give us notes.
  I just wanted to go through the scene one more time  to be like, I'm sorry if you didn't get  what I was going for.
  That classic Harold fight.
  I know.
  Noting you by apologizing.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Oh gosh.
  We at locally mostly didn't do that.
  Oxy improv truly is the highest form of annoyance.
  Yeah, no, we were pretty good about that.
  We were good about that.
  I mean, there would be occasions  where I truly was apologizing  because I was like, well, I fucked that up.
  I think we all did.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I have another story about Walt being persnickety  that ties back into the Carthay Circle Theater.
  In the early days, pre-Mickey,  then the days of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit,  there was the gentleman Fritz Freeling  who went on to become a Warner Brothers legend,  but he was an animator for Walt's in the 20s.
  This is all from Yesterland.
  He woke up to find a small but painful boil on his rear end.
  So he phoned in sick to the Disney studio.
  Fritz decided the best way to take his mind off his pain  was to take an open air double decker bus  to see a flick at the Carthay Circle at the real theater.
  So he's like, I don't feel up to animating today,  but I'm just gonna get some fresh air  and go see a movie,  take my mind off of this boil on my butt.
  That's how you knocked the cobwebs out in the old days.
  According to Don Draper.
  Get on it.
  Here's what you do.
  This never happened.
  Just pretend this never happened.
  Get on a double decker bus and get to the movies.
  He was mostly dealing with people  having boils on their butt.
  So this guy's on a double decker bus.
  Sorry, I'm gonna go relax a little bit  to go see a movie at Carthay Circle.
  The bus stops at a stoplight  and then next to him in his moon roadster,  Walt Disney who turns, spots Fritz's eyes,  gives him a look like, so sick, huh?  They feel off in different ways.
  When he gets home, he is fired from the Disney studio.
  So a trip to Carthay Circle caused the firing  of Fritz Frieling who, by the way,  went on to direct 200 Warner Brothers cartoons,  is the main person responsible for Sylvester Tweedy  and Yosemite Sam among many, many, many other things.
  So he like a lot because of being mad  about a boil on a butt, Walt lost one of the great talents  in the history of animation.
  Geez.
  So it just goes to show folks,  go to the doctors before the movies.
  Go to the doc because then you get the little note,  you waggle your script or your note.
  Waggle the little note.
  Waggle the script.
  At your eccentric movie studio boss.
  You waggle the doctor's script.
  The doctor says I gotta ride the double decker bus.
  The doctor said I gotta ride the bus.
  Or at least ride on the side of the double decker bus  facing the opposing traffic.
  But you can't control what lane the driver.
  You don't know which way Walt's coming from.
  Well, wear a hat and sunglasses is what you do.
  So your boss doesn't,  your boss who also isn't at the office that day.
  Right, why was he out?  Yeah, fuck you.
  Probably also at the movies, knocking the cobwebs out.
  He had a boil on his butt too.
  He had stress boils all the time.
  Boils on butts are more common than we realize.
  Yeah, especially in the old days.
  In the 20s.
  How do you know if it's a zit or a boil?  No, you would never.
  I'm not sure I've had a boil.
  As it can probably become a boil.
  What's the difference?  I don't know, is a boil like a bedsore  or is it like a cyst?  I'm not sure.
  I think it's closer to a cyst.
  Yeah.
  I don't think I've ever had a boil either.
  Have you had a boil out there in podcast land?  Send us a picture, we'll evaluate.
  Tweet at us, at our personal accounts.
  Yeah, you know what, just send it to Jason  and he'll show it to us.
  I was just gonna say that there's a secret lounge  called the Terrace Lounge that I have yet to stay.
  I haven't, you have to ask for it  and it's like outdoor a little bit up.
  At Carthay?  Yeah, at Carthay.
  Whoa.
  And we haven't done it yet.
  We haven't done this yet.
  A newer condition.
  But you know what?  I mean, I'd wanna sneak in and see it before I settled.
  Well, yeah, I think you'd wanna try it.
  Is it the upstairs, are you talking about upstairs  or just the outside on the lower level?  Try it to be too well lit.
  Yeah, you know what that is.
  I don't want the ambiance to be ruined.
  You know what the outdoors is like.
  You go to a specific place for a 30s vibe.
  Maybe that's the reason we haven't done it.
  Subconsciously, we're like, do we care?  I can see the sky wherever.
  It might not be as good, but it's like a little tiny room.
  So it's one time you'd like to do it.
  Yeah, well, it's true, you gotta try it.
  Yeah, so you gotta try it.
  So anyway, we'll do it eventually.
  I wish the haunted mansion had a little cocktail area.
  Of course.
  I want a haunted cocktail.
  They really should, that is crazy that they're just,  they're leaving so much money on the table not doing that.
  But again, it was Walt's wish to not have alcohol  in this park.
  And we must obey the wishes of this man  who yelled at children about hot dogs  and fired people for having boils.
  I will say he has a point, because I think about like,  if you have nice, expensive cocktails,  you at least knock out the people who are gonna have  like four beers and then throw up on a ride.
  Being thrown up on a ride is so horrible.
  I got thrown up on the Simpsons ride at Universal.
  Oh my God.
  That's close quarters too.
  And then you're just stuck, like just going up and down.
  The guy like leaned down and threw up between his feet  and it was like sprayed up on my pants.
  And I was like, I was not nice.
  Did you know them?  No, it was a strange drunk man.
  And you could tell it was a drunken thing.
  Oh, he was, he could barely stand up in line.
  God.
  So that level of drinking at a park, I do kind of go,  I see why you would wanna avoid it.
  I think maybe you can avoid it if you do $18 craft cocktails,  but I mean.
  Yeah, but still.
  That's what they've landed on with Oga's Cantina  in Galaxy's Edge where it's you sit and there's a cap  and it's not like walking around the park  with like gigantic beers that you can refill  and refill and refill.
  Maybe that's a pay avoid.
  Actually recommend like if you're gonna get two,  what are them both now?  And we need your card now and we're gonna close you out.
  Like it's a different procedure than a normal bar.
  But it's a smaller space  and they gotta rotate people in and out.
  But it's still, I never felt rushed.
  Like I've never felt like.
  No, there hasn't been that moment where, yeah,  we're wondering if a stormtrooper comes in.
  Can you hang out for a while though?  Is it like a car day where you could spend  an hour and a half talking?  Not quite.
  Not quite.
  But you probably, they're probably eyeing you  after an hour.
  But we don't know what that means, maybe not.
  Right, I was thrown up on in sixth grade  by my friend on the Tilted Whirl.
  That's a really bad ride to be thrown up on.
  Yeah, because that just gets pushed on you.
  And there were like five of us on the ride.
  I was like five or six kids on the ride.
  Jesus Christ.
  Crammed.
  That's a trauma.
  And he was like, whoa.
  He was next to me.
  He was on the far right and then I was next.
  And then no one got any throw up on them except for me.
  That's one of the few times where it's worse for you  than the person who threw up.
  Yes, I think so.
  I mean he was.
  He probably felt better and also it landed all over you.
  Yeah, he was not full of, I mean he was very upset.
  Sure.
  But yes, I was humiliated.
  There was like a girl my age on the coaster.
  That would be like a stand by me issue for me.
  Like I'd throw up, the person who saw me throw up  would throw up.
  Yeah.
  Big trail.
  My sister was on the ride and then a girl my age,  I was humiliated.
  It was, ugh, anyway.
  It's just so.
  He wasn't drunk though.
  Is this what Mike opened up about at Kurt Day?  I don't think I talked.
  No, I don't think I had known.
  I don't think I knew about that one.
  The throw up incident?  Yeah.
  Where it all went wrong.
  This has become such a, it has been a gross episode  for being about this classy.
  Well I like to bring my brand.
  You've placed some.
  The brand is strong.
  Actually if I could keep it a little,  I missed one, we missed one thing about original  Carthage Circle, the theater, is that perhaps  this was the place that had Disney's first attempt  at a themed environment you could walk around in  because if you went to go see Snow White  and the Seven Dwarfs there, you first had to walk  through a place called Dwarfland.
  Ooh.
  And here's a picture of Dwarfland.
  Oh.
  See you say aw.
  I think these are scary.
  I'm scared of these dwarfs in Dwarfland.
  Oh.
  I think they look like the dwarfs.
  I think the facade looks really good,  but it's clearly early days of like.
  Costume characters.
  Well and also of note, the Snow White premiere  is the first place that Walt ever attempted  costume characters of any kind.
  It's the only place that a costumed Mickey and Minnie  showed up, which I have a picture of,  which I'll try to remember to post.
  But they look very bizarre.
  Not scary quite, but they just have like really odd,  narrow snouts.
  They look, Mickey and Minnie look like weasels or something.
  Are these people playing dwarfs?  Do you think they're little people?  Hmm.
  Perhaps, or children who caught Walt in a bad mood.
  Yeah, maybe my mom's in there.
  Yeah.
  Hey you, you're sleepy now.
  Over here.
  You wanna be around me, huh?  I've been sleeping all day.
  And then she's trapped in a costume.
  She can't take it off.
  It's locked from the inside.
  It's locked.
  If we wanna keep talking about gross stuff,  but this is not gross, the bathroom's at Carthay.
  Yeah.
  Unbelievable.
  Oh boy, unbelievable.
  Like it's a break within a break.
  Yes.
  Stalls that go floor to ceiling.
  And dark, dark wood.
  Dark wood.
  Perfectly lit.
  Like you look in the mirror and you're like,  how after eight hours of walking around  do I look like I'm glowing?  Mm-hmm.
  You look like a star in one of your old Hollywood films.
  And it's quiet.
  Very quiet.
  I don't think, I mean maybe, is there music playing?  There is.
  Okay, well it's definitely not like,  do do do do do do.
  It's jazzy versions of Disney songs.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh I just remember being so calm.
  Yeah, but I mean it's very low.
  It's not allowed.
  Slow down, very.
  Slow down, jazzy.
  Jazzy, bare necessities in there.
  La la la la la.
  Not like movie trailers, slow down.
  Oh yeah, the scariest thing.
  It's so scary every time you hear it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, that is just,  and you walk down such a long, beautiful hallway.
  I wanna say it's like that dark red carpet.
  Yeah, you go up those stairs.
  And then on the left and right are the bathrooms.
  Yeah, and there's like, there's photographs right?  Like black and white photographs on the sides.
  Walton Shirley Temple I believe is right there.
  Mm-hmm.
  And it's always very quiet up there.
  You could easily stand and hang out in that hallway  and one or two people would pass you.
  It's not like a, it's jam packed.
  There's one stall I believe in the male bathroom.
  I assume there would be like at least two in the female.
  But there's more, it's like six.
  Is it that many, wow.
  That's great.
  I mean, I think, isn't that my wrong?  There's only one?  There's two.
  Maybe there's two.
  Ours is a pretty, it's a big hallway shaped,  like a large hall kind of.
  Oh yeah, but those are the best bath,  I think those are the best bathrooms in the park.
  I think, now I'm like maybe I'm picturing it wrong.
  It might just be three or four.
  Sure.
  Yeah, so clean, so chill.
  I actually, I have the opposite.
  I don't feel like a movie star when I look in that mirror.
  I feel like self conscious for perhaps being in shorts  and a visor in this fancy place.
  The thing about that place is like you walk in  and you're like surely they're not gonna want us to come in.
  But then it's like everyone there's at Disneyland.
  Right.
  No one is dressing up to go just there, probably.
  Maybe, maybe.
  But like, it's mostly tourists who look worse than you.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But it does feel like you should have a top hat on.
  It does, yeah.
  And then you kinda wish you did.
  Yes, yes.
  I guess if we have a dinner reservation,  we should all wear our top hats.
  We all get fancy, go to.
  I do sometimes wanna do dinner there.
  Yeah, well maybe that's the sequel to this  is we all go in tuxes and tails.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And then just be hor,  or like just so uncomfortable on the rides.
  Yeah, our like $200 top hats go flying off the coast.
  Maybe it's like a.
  Doesn't fit in the basket on a credit coaster.
  No, shit.
  I think we'd have to do a locker situation.
  We'd have to have a change.
  Oh yeah.
  That's true.
  That's a whole thing.
  All right, nevermind.
  We can go, but not the top hat.
  Yeah, no.
  Except for Jason.
  I have a top hat.
  Do you?  For the live show I had one.
  Oh yeah, you're right.
  For the live show I bought a top hat.
  You gotta wear that top hat more.
  Yeah, every time we record.
  I want you to be a fancy,  I want you as you get into your older age,  getting to be more of a fancy man in general.
  Like a Paul F.
 Tompkins.
  Yeah.
  Whatever that means to you,  whatever your spin is on that.
  A lot of hat headaches though.
  Oh yeah, nevermind.
  Does he offer lessons?  Does Paul offer like sartorial lessons?  Yeah, he's a PF teacher.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Great.
  We haven't talked about the food  that you can get in the lounge.
  It's shuffled what the food is a lot,  I feel like in the many years.
  You know, it's always fine.
  I have this thing with Disneyland,  I don't, like you're always,  you always end up sitting at these places  and buying flat breads that are three times  more expensive than what you get.
  But I don't mind it.
  It's like part of it.
  I'm satisfied by them.
  I know it's stupid, I'm paying too much.
  But I'm usually in such a good mood  from the alcohol consumption  and from the taking the break that.
  Yeah, you're really more just excited  to have someone bring something to you  while you're seated.
  Yeah, it could be almost anything.
  It could be a plate of poop and I'd still be.
  All right.
  Okay, Scott.
  Brought to me by a,  he's gross.
  He's even a gris.
  This is gonna be another moment for you.
  Like the milk.
  Other people don't like to eat plates of poop.
  No.
  I'm sorry to humiliate you on podcast.
  But my family.
  Yeah, it's just your family thing.
  It's just your family.
  The flat breads,  Disney I think got into flat breads like 10 years ago  because they realized the margins on them are incredible.
  Like the ingredients are so cheap  and you can charge like 15 bucks for them  and make it look a little nice.
  Yeah, and you can say with olive oil,  like the cheapest thing,  you're just dipping bread in olive oil.
  Which is like a delicious thing.
  I feel like we,  I feel like they had some kind of like Korean taco  that we got a few times.
  The Vietnamese tacos.
  Yeah, those are pretty good.
  They're very salty and I love salt.
  So I was like a shock that it was too salty for me.
  I think also they have like a chips and fondue type thing.
  Yeah, we would get that,  but for me we had to get it without a lot of things.
  Right.
  I can't do the jalapenos or the sour cream  or whatever it came with.
  Yeah.
  Cheese plate's fine.
  Cheese plate I've had, yeah.
  Everything fine.
  They were crisp I like.
  Fine, everything.
  But better than the park.
  I mean better.
  Yes, 100%.
  Yeah.
  But it's a lot of small but,  it's hard to fill up.
  I do wish that they'd let you order off the menu  in the lounge.
  They don't do that.
  It's a specific lounge menu.
  You can't be like, but I wanna order a burger.
  Right.
  No.
  No.
  Too bad.
  But you get to sit and you know what's,  I think the chairs are nice, the table,  just literally everything around.
  There's different ways to sit.
  So you can sit in the little smaller tables  which have the nice kind of cushy chairs  or you can sit at the high top tables.
  Yeah, we've done both based on what was available.
  What's available.
  Both of them have their,  they have their pluses.
  I have to say, I mean,  I think the first time we were there,  we sat at the high table and so I really liked it.
  But then when we got those low chairs,  I mean that is comfy.
  Yes.
  Link.
  And sometimes you get seated just outside the lounge  and sort of the lobby,  which at first I thought would be kind of sad,  but I liked that atmosphere too.
  That's good too.
  Good to stare at that.
  You're still like in a corner.
  You're still like cozy.
  Yeah.
  Nice staircase.
  Yeah, you're near the staircase.
  The elevator, you can watch that.
  Not really be used probably,  but they give you that option.
  Truly anytime I'm taking someone there  and they haven't been in a while,  this is the spot and this always work.
  It's literally never failed,  whether it's like when I first kind of took my mom out here  or when like my buddy from back home  and I was like, let's go to Disney.
  And he's like, I don't know,  I don't really want to go.
  I go, trust me, the day will be good.
  And then we do a midday there and it always works.
  Everyone loves Carthay.
  It's always a hit.
  I think it's peak adults Disney.
  It's the best.
  It's the thing that makes that click.
  Like you can be an adult at Disneyland and it rules.
  And then they, yes, as you were saying,  then they get it.
  It like clicks and you go, oh, I know why these people go.
  And Erin, I think you said like it re-energizing you.
  It is the adult equivalent of like when I was a kid  and we would go to the parks in Florida  and it's like, okay, three o'clock rolls around  back to the hotel for the kids to take a nap.
  Yeah, you take a nap.
  You get your lunch or whatever or snack.
  And then you're ready to come back  because you gotta do the parks at night.
  It's all different at night.
  It's so, and I mean,  Thunder Mountain at night is one of the most magical.
  You get to see the little village or the little town.
  Yeah, Old West town.
  Yeah, and Splash Mountain at night.
  And it's better when you're buzzed on a Manhattan.
  It really is.
  I mean, we did Tower of Terror after which was brave.
  Like you don't really wanna do that  when you've just had alcohol.
  But I felt, I mean, I've told you,  we've talked about this,  but that ride is the only time I've ever experienced joy.
  Whoa, heavy.
  I didn't realize it till it happened.
  But when your butt is two inches out of the seat  and you're just free falling with your friends  on each side of you and it's so smooth that up and down.
  Oh boy.
  If you look at pictures of me  from the ride photos over the years,  everyone's like, you make the same face every time.
  And I'm like, yes, I'm happy.
  I'm carefree for once.
  And you're the same person.
  I mean, why would you make different faces?  I don't really switch up my smile for joy.
  No, no.
  I don't think about doing a bit.
  Like when the camera's coming up, gotta do a bit.
  Like I gotta do a little, I don't know, my brain.
  I think in true joy, you're free of bits.
  You don't have the pressure.
  Free from the tyranny of bits.
  I knew that would resonate in this room.
  Bits are stressful.
  Bits and gay.
  Well yes, because you can't really mix joy with irony.
  Yeah, too much.
  Right.
  It's not pure if there's irony in there.
  You're not exactly sure when that photo's being taken,  so you're captured in this very earnest moment.
  Well yeah, and whenever you see people  who did the bit in the photo,  you know they held that pose for quite a while  because you don't know the exact second.
  So they're like shades down on the nose,  shades down on the nose, shades down on the nose.
  Snap, there's the picture.
  I mean, I'm guilty of doing like  shades down on the nose before.
  Listen, we've all done it.
  We've even planned them on Space Mountain.
  Oh yeah, what did we do?  I can't remember now, but we definitely,  we definitely did something.
  I'm not against the like doing the pose and the thing,  but like sometimes you're just not in that frame of mind.
  You want to be free of that pressure.
  Just be having a date for yourself.
  Well especially now that you,  like there's so many planned pictures  and pictures being posted everywhere, anywhere.
  It's not like, back when there wasn't social media,  a picture on a ride was sort of like a big funny deal,  so it did make sense to sort of do some kind of thing.
  It was like, how often are you getting photographed?  And it was going to be displayed in the house probably.
  It was only for the house.
  Now it's like you took nine million pictures  of Disneyland that day,  so it's like you don't need to do another funny thing.
  That being said, check our Twitter  for the rest of the, the photos of us.
  Are you inspired?  For the professional photo shoot, yeah.
  The only other thing,  or like when we took a picture with Chewbacca.
  Oh, that was great.
  That was great.
  Oh my God, and when I cried because Kylo rejected me.
  Yes, and Kylo was mean to Erin.
  Well, I had a whole plan where like,  I was like, it'll be really cute  if we did like a prom style picture, me and Kylo Ren.
  Kylo Ren, yes.
  Yeah, I forgot his last name because we're so close.
  You love him, but.
  I just call him Kylo.
  And we waited in line for so long,  and at first I was saying to Mike like,  I can't believe you're standing in line  to meet a fake character.
  Like, you know there's nothing in there.
  It's just like a person.
  Yeah, he was trying to humiliate me.
  But like, but then halfway through the line,  like the anticipation of meeting him,  I started forgetting it wasn't the real one.
  And so we got in there and I was so nervous.
  And I was like, will you pose romantic with me?  And he goes, no, and like swipes his hand across.
  And I like truly my eyes filled with tears.
  We just take this sad picture where like my little shoulders  and my arms are totally straight by my body.
  And I'm like not really looking at the camera  because I was so embarrassed.
  Oh God.
  Mike afterwards goes, this is character.
  Yeah, I was like, he's mean to everyone.
  He was like, he was doing you a favor.
  Like that's how he'd react.
  Yeah.
  He'd try to eat a hot dog.
  If I'd been like a hot 25 year old,  he would have been like, yes.
  I don't know.
  I don't think so.
  But then Chewbacca really turned that around.
  Then he was like, Chewbacca wants to do a million poses.
  He wants to hug you in all of them.
  He like plays with your hair.
  It's very cute.
  Was it me, you and Marissa?  I want to say Lindsay was in those pictures too,  but we might've done it twice.
  We may have done it twice.
  Cause I remember Marissa squealing  when Chewbacca came around the corner.
  He was really a thrill.
  Hug from Chewbacca is really special.
  I still remember the way his hair smells.
  It smells good.
  Oh jeez.
  I don't have a good memory of the smell.
  It smells a little bit like popcorn.
  My memory is that it's musty.
  It was musty, but like old,  like you know when you walk into an arcade in the 90s  and it's like with the flat carpet  and it kind of has that like ground popcorn smell,  like old popcorn.
  That's what he smelled like.
  Interesting.
  I liked it.
  I'll have to smell him next time I see him.
  Is the best smell at Disneyland Chewbacca?  Chewbacca's first, pretty good.
  Probably depends what time of day it is  and how long he's been hugging.
  I just want to go right now  and get some Carthay Manhattans  and then hug Chewbacca for a while.
  Smell him.
  I know.
  Yeah.
  We could.
  Well, it's up to us to decide whether or not to do that,  but before we can do that,  we have to end the episode.
  So Erin Whitehead, you survived Podcast the Ride.
  Oh my God.
  Thanks for being here.
  Yeah, you did it.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  You can just follow me on Twitter,  at Girl with a Tail.
  It's also at Girl with a Tail on Instagram.
  That's it.
  Cool.
  Yeah, so you want to plug all of our stuff?  You've got the list.
  I don't have the system yet down  where I've been trying to be tighter with this,  but then I haven't been putting them in the new documents.
  So I'm letting you down.
  Well, that's okay.
  You can follow us on Twitter,  at Podcast the Ride,  and email us at gmail,  Podcast the Ride at gmail.
  When does this air?  This will air in a couple weeks, a few weeks.
  So in early October.
  Okay, then no.
  Okay.
  But it's still within the time frame  that you can see us in Chicago and Orlando.
  Chicago the 19th,  part of the Chicago Podcast Festival,  and then the 24th in Orlando.
  Sac Comedy Lab.
  Sac Comedy Lab.
  Check the links in the description for this episode.
  Yes, and such things on our Twitter,  our Instagram, our Facebook.
  I found the thing.
  I pulled it up on the document, so now I can say.
  And there's also three bonus episodes every month  if you subscribe to Podcast the Ride,  and the second gate, patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  Yeah.
  Ring a ding ding.
  How about it?  Hey, yeah, cha cha.
  Okay.
  It's 30s way to end it.
  All right.
  Yeah.
  Thanks for listening, fellas and gals.
  Knock those cobwebs out.
  Knock those cobwebs out.
  Follow.
  Careful on those double decker buses.
  And careful on the jelly bean trail of life.
  Click clack.
  Yeah.
  Forever.
  Woo.
  Woo.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bowen, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  Engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
