 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following deep dish podcast features the sauce  on top of the cheese and can take upwards of 30 minutes to  cook.
  Tonight's proceedings may include aliens colluding with us  presidents, themed cucumbers and a house where Walt Disney  certainly pooped his pants.
  This show will definitely include both Dan Aykroyd  and Jim Belushi.
  Live from the former home of the rock and roll McDonald's,  it's podcast, The Ride.
  The Ride! 公oks  Daniel  passes  Erwatch  Ray  Dan  Aykroyd  possiamo  Keith  b.
  Pat  Terrence  I  Chicago  Hello Chicago!  I barely made it up.
  Oh my god, so good to see everybody.
  Oh my god, Jason from Mayor's shirt in the front row.
  Thank you.
  Lots of shirts in the front row.
  You have made one before we have gotten around to making one.
  I know.
  Thanks, it's just word sweet.
  We could have done this a long time ago.
  What's going on everybody?  I'm Scott Gardner.
  Hello.
  I'm Jason Sheridan.
  It is great to be here in Improv City.
  Rom Country.
  Charnaville.
  All the great heroes.
  Chicago.
  Oh my god, yes indeed.
  Yes, welcome everybody to podcast The Ride,  a podcast about theme parks hosted by  two huge theme park dorks in their 30s  and one returning champion hometown hero.
  Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome our third host from Schaumburg, Illinois,  Michael Carlson.
  Hey, we're jumping in here.
  At this point, we lost a little bit of audio because the homecoming song kept playing.
  Basically, what you're missing at home is that Mike is walking through the aisles in a Letterman jacket.
  He catches a football thrown by a member of the audience.
  It was very, very cool.
  He then turned around to reveal that his high school Letterman jacket was for band and tennis.
  It was a great joke and everyone liked it.
  I also explained that I am staying in Mike's childhood home,  specifically sleeping in his childhood bed.
  And now back to the show.
  And we saw the sights.
  I drove by the old high school.
  You took me through the Portillo's drive through for a chocolate cake shake at 11 p.
m.
  And I made a few discoveries at the homestead.
  So this is my favorite.
  It's an exciting new character joining the cast of the show.
  This is called Puppet Mike.
  Oh, sorry.
  I assume that's fragile.
  It is a paper mache puppet for the listeners at home, paper mache and burlap,  that as a puppet, Mike made presumably of himself.
  Do you do you want to say anything, Puppet Mike?  Oh, he's shy.
  Puppet Mike is shy.
  Oh, he's really shy.
 OK.
  He's a nurse.
 Are you nursing him?  I eat.
 He's just bashful.
  I see.
 I see.
  What's the story here, Mike?  I I think I'm sure I made that when I was young.
  Yeah.
  Are you?  I mean, well, the proof is you don't have puppetry on the on your letterman's jacket.
  No, I wish.
  There's going to be people here who personally know Mike Carlson from his past, correct?  Yell if you know Mike.
 Oh, yeah.
  All right.
 There's a couple.
 That's nice.
  Yeah.
  Just getting engaged.
  And also, here's one more question.
  Is anyone here just is anyone here for the Chicago podcast festival  and has never never heard our podcast?  Thank God.
  Is it puppets of somebody you never met?  He's catching a football.
  All right.
 We're just we're among friends.
  Perfect.
 Perfect.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, we also we went to get a coffee at the cafe next door  and we walked in and the person behind the counter went, Mike Carlson.
  Like it was Shears and it was someone you went to college with that  you hadn't seen in 10 years.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Yeah.
  She was busy, though.
 She couldn't come to the show.
  She didn't make a point of saying that.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Apologies.
 Yeah.
  The other thing I found almost like on top of a pile of stuff in your room,  like waiting for me to arrive  was a copy of the Sasa Gula Sentinel,  the fake newspaper you get when you check in at Disney's Port Orleans French Quarter.
  And it was a 1997 edition.
  And some things have changed since then.
  Thank you for choosing Disney's Port Orleans Riverside or Port Orleans  as your vacation destination in the gracious tradition of the old south.
  We'll make every effort to ensure your stay is comfortable and relaxing.
  And some of these establishments,  I don't the cotton co-op is not called that anymore.
  And this bar is no longer called Colonel's Cotton Mill.
  That's also curious planning that they had two bars with cotton in the name.
  Also, this isn't 1910.
 No, this isn't 1997 or 90s.
  Yes, I am happy to say this.
  Well, down the road at what is now called Port Orleans Riverside  at the time was called Dixie Landings.
  The pool is still called Old Man Island.
  And that's just good wholesome fun.
  OK, that's good.
  And nothing nothing attracts you more than a pool named Old Man Island,  which is where you're hoping to retire in five years.
  And yes, retire and die.
  A fun swimming pool, a brim with all sorts of water delights.
  You know, water delights, the phrase we all know and love.
  Wow.
 So it's been an eventful trip.
  Yeah, really.
 Yeah.
  We're seeing all the sights of Chicago, this one old racist newsletter.
  Yeah.
 And and a puppet.
  And today, Jason ate Lou Malnati's pizza.
  Oh, Lou Malnati's.
 Yeah.
  So that's good.
  Hey, do you have it with you?  It's backstage.
  It's backstage.
  I was going to walk out eating it, but we we were trying to get the Bluetooth  to work and you have it figured out now.
  No, I don't.
 You don't.
  Do you also have my phone? No.
  OK, Jason's phone would have my phone.
  Oh, Aaron's got it.
 Hey, Aaron.
  You're here, ladies and gentlemen.
  Hey, Aaron.
  They designed so many of the shirts  a lot of you are wearing.
  Much appreciated.
  It's nice to see.
 I see that tiny puppets.
  I see that tiny puppets right there.
  Vam for two seconds.
  I got it.
 I got it to work.
  It's working.
  You're the adult.
 You handle the technology.
  Mr.
 Blue, you're Mr.
  Bluetooth, Jason, you're Mr.
 Pizza.
  You shouldn't have tried to merge the two things.
  I know.
  What do you think of that pizza?  Delicious.
 Wonderful.
  Still have to get a hot dog.
  Still have to get a hot dog before we leave town bright and early.
  We're flying out very early tomorrow to go to Orlando,  which means you're going to have to eat a hot dog at the airport at 7 a.
m.
  Would it be the first time?  No, not sure.
  I don't think so.
  Jason, you had a little history you wanted to quickly talk about.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  So, you know, we found a lot of Chicago theme park connections.
  We can sit, by the way.
  Nobody's making us stand.
  Oh, that's true.
 I guess.
  Let's say let's settle in, y'all.
  Chicago theme park connections.
  Walt Disney.
 You might not think there's a ton.
  There's not a ton here.
 Walt Disney was born here.
  Walt Disney was born.
  I have the stat.
  I think I think six miles west of this very theater  is where is where a young babe named Walt developed his love  for storytelling and exploiting labor.
  You know, in a little house,  he was born in 1901 in a little house that Roadside America called, quote,  unmemorable.
  Got him.
  Walt's father, of course, was a construction worker  at an early precursor to theme parks, the 1893 Colombian Exposition,  the Chicago World's Fair.
  Yeah, World's Fair, where such things were introduced as the midway.
  That was the first ever amusement midway, shredded wheat and cream of wheat.
  Thanks, Chicago.
  Yeah.
 And the first Ferris wheel.
  Mike, can you bring up that visual?  Of course.
 Yeah, Ferris wheel.
  The Ferris wheel is from Chicago.
  What? Clap more.
  Yeah, Ferris wheel.
  Ferris wheel.
  Ferris wheel.
  Ferris wheel.
  Ferris wheel.
  The scariest ride.
  And then we should make you all chant the name of the person  who invented the Ferris wheel.
  Sure.
 That man is his name is George Washington Gale Ferris.
  Junior.
 Junior.
 Junior?  Yeah.
 Let's see.
 All right.
 So everybody.
  George Washington Gale Ferris Junior.
  George Washington Gale Ferris Junior.
  Yes.
 Two is fine.
 Two is a chant.
  Oh, you were gung ho for three.
 I should have let you finish it out.
  Thanks for the enthusiasm.
  And thank you, George Washington Gale Junior Ferris Junior for the Ferris.
  Junior is pictured here looking like a damn snack.
  Am I right, folks?  Yeah.
  Who knows? Elias Disney could have helped build the Ferris wheel.
  That, of course, was, you know, construction was his job.
  His favorite pastime was being distant to his children.
  Now, Ferris's original plan for the Ferris wheel called for each car  to hold 60 people and have a lunch counter.
  Oh, my God.
  One rotation took nine minutes, and it sounds like my ideal form of transit.
  So a thing that doesn't go anywhere and feeds you.
  Yes.
 Of course, the Ferris wheel opened two months late.
  It did not make opening day, making it the Star Wars ride.
  It was making it the Star Wars rise of the resistance of its time.
  And like so many other things I first introduced at the fair,  the World's Fair, like the Disney parks, has a castle.
  Of course, I'm talking about H.
H.
 Holmes, his famous murder castle.
  A bigger initial pop for the murder castle than for the Ferris wheel.
  Burned down presumably for the insurance money at 1895.
  Who knows who got the money?  Because H.
H.
 Holmes had a lot of aliases.
  So, yeah.
  So that's the history lesson from Jason.
  That's it.
 And I am tapped out.
  Take a risk.
 Go get that loom all notties.
  But now it's time for Mike's history corner.
  Yeah.
 So basically, I was thinking like, OK, what is the greatest moment  at a Disney park involving a Chicagoan?  OK, and there are a lot to choose from.
  And I've knocked it down to like, I think, six or seven.
 So  the first thing, apparently, yeah, I was very, very tasteful  with my selection selections.
  So the first one, I think, is 2002.
  Jim Belushi plays with his band, The Sacred Hearts at Disney's California Adventure.
  This is counting down also.
  So this is still good, but it's the lesser of all of them.
  Twenty fifteen.
 Billy Corgan rides Big Thunder Mountain.
  If you've never seen this picture and listeners to this podcast  probably have the poutiest pout.
  Oh, yeah.
 Emo could this is really he's like he's he's an old baby.
  That's what he looks like.
  He is a grumpy baby.
 Fussy old baby.
  All right.
 Next on the list, we have 2003.
  Jim Belushi again plays with his band, The Sacred Hearts  at Disney's California Adventure.
  And then, yes, next on the list here, this is just very cute.
  Nineteen seventy four.
  America's favorite, Bob Newhart.
  Oh, isn't that nice?  He's with Mickey Mouse.
  And then next on the list, 2004.
  Again, Jim Belushi plays  Disney's California Adventure.
  And I made sure that I wasn't wrong about this  because he's wearing different clothes in each photo.
  Yeah, these were three separate times Jim Belushi played.
  Now, they got better as they went, seemingly the quality increased.
  It was something called like prime time week for ABC.
  Yeah, exactly.
  So we have two more on this list.
  Does anyone remember this gentleman?  Uh, Governor Rod Blagojevich.
  Former governor, obviously, he is in prison.
  Yeah, I tried to sell a Senate seat, essentially.
  But anyway, that's you can look it up.
  So I googled about five days ago.
  I said, hmm, let me Google Rod Blagojevich Disney World.
  As you do.
  And this came up.
  Blagojevich indicted while on trip to Disney World.
  Can you imagine they they harshed his buzz  on a trip to the greatest place on Earth?  The article specifically says like another reporter  tried to corner Blagojevich and another guest was like, hey, come on, man, not here.
  He hasn't been convicted yet.
  My dad is a newspaper man.
  Give it up for my dad.
  Yeah.
  He he works for the Chicago Tribune.
  And last night, after I told him this, he brought home  like a couple printouts from he looked it up and he found out which resort Rod was at.
  And for just for your information, Saratoga Springs.
  2009, still pretty new in 2009.
  Yeah.
 So he he was shelling out the big bucks, I guess, at the time.
  I wonder where he got the money from.
  There's no way to know.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 So we have one more.
  And I mentioned my father.
  Let me quickly bring up my mother to the stage, who is also here.
  Oh, boy.
  So my mother, I've talked about my mother on the show a lot.
  She is meeting.
 Hello.
  Oh, yeah.
 That's Scott.
  You can shake Scott's hand.
  Hi.
 Hi.
  So my mom is the reason I have this weird Disney illness  where because we only basically we we vacationed in Disney World  almost exclusively, except for one year when we went to Dubuque, Iowa.
  I guess we went to the Wisconsin Dells once as well.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which are which are fun.
  But also, I think both times when my mom was like, we're never going back here.
  Yeah.
 So so you were a Disney, obviously, as a child.
  You went a lot as a child.
 Maybe.
  Not a lot, but I love Disney.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 An important clarification.
  So I got, you know, my my mother loves to perform.
  She was in Charlie Brown in high school.
  And you're a good man, Charlie Brown.
 She played Lucy.
  So she was a performer.
  So when we were Disney, Hollywood studios, then MGM studios,  there was a thing you could do on like the main drag, which was you could make  do you you could set it up here.
  Music video.
  So I wanted to bring my children in.
  And our 18 month old daughter was just crying and crying.
  So she stayed with her dad and Mike.
  And I went in and it was a very memorable experience, very exciting for us.
  And Mike is a bit of a ham if you don't know that.
  So he went with it right away.
  Well, you're going to see that maybe I wasn't that big of a ham yet.
  Well, surely that video was lost to time.
  The video was not lost to time.
  So it's been it's been a thing my mom will pull out if a friend comes over  for many years.
  And what specifically I don't want to be too vulgar here.
  I have friends and family.
  But what happens when you're nervous and it's involved?  Something happens when you're nervous and it's involuntary.
  And you're a young boy.
  Yes.
  Did someone guess what it is?  You are very right.
  I'm extremely uncomfortable with this being said with your mom here.
  That's OK.
 I mean, she knows this part.
  She doesn't like that she lived it.
  Yes.
 So pay attention here, even though it's being projected on brick.
  And we're going to be recording this.
  We're going to step off the stairs at home.
  I mean, my mother.
  Hey, Mrs.
 Carlson.
  Hey.
  And listeners at home, imagine the most beautiful backdrop you could ever  you guys will see here in the room.
  Eyes on the lower left.
  There's a little bit lower left.
  veterans of gold and einge handsome  I am squeezing.
  I am squeezing.
  I am squeezing.
  I'm just gonna keep on counting until you are mine.
  I'm just gonna keep on counting until you are mine.
  Viperspeed Tunnel!  I mean, yeah.
  Alright, I mean that's the rest of it.
  How about a hand?  So, young Mike white knuckling his penis out of fear and like the way they edited the video, they like cut to the wide shot right as you realize what song it is.
  Like right as you're like one, two, three, four.
  It's Miami Sound Machine, right? Gloria Estefan?  That's correct.
 Miami Sound Machine.
  Yeah.
  How's that feel? Now you're back in your hometown showing this fine performance.
  You know what? You get older and you mature.
  And I, you know, look I stay humble.
  So that's just the thing about me.
  So I feel good, you know?  We're also probably gonna post it on YouTube.
  Sure.
  Yeah, it'll be out there.
  Cause we gotta get those clicks, baby.
  And I gotta say you've come a long way because we've been out on stage for nearly half an hour and I haven't seen one nervous crotch grab yet.
  I don't know.
 When we talk about what the official topic is for the show, perhaps I will get very nervous.
  Yes, indeed.
  It is nerve wracking.
 What are we really here to talk about besides Mike's crotch?  And here's what I'll say.
  Everybody here, most people here seem to listen to the show.
  If you do, then you know that we are a podcast about theme parks.
  But like, I don't know, like 35% of the time we are a podcast about vaguely themed shopping malls.
  And with that in mind, I'm really happy to reveal that what we will be talking about tonight is the true greatest thing that we've ever done.
  The place we will be talking about tonight is the true greatest themed entertainment destination in the Chicago area.
  And that is the Woodfield Mall.
  What a pop.
  Made me nervous talking about it.
  The three of us walking around is like that video with Bill Gates dancing to Start Me Up.
  Yeah, what were we, we couldn't decide if it was something or not.
 So we just sort of staggered around.
  I hope that was exciting.
  Electric stage presences.
  We really, yes, very secure, very self-assured.
  The Woodfield Mall, and you know what's crazy is that we threw out that we were coming here to Chicago and people demanded it.
  It's got to be the Woodfield Mall.
  For anyone listening who doesn't know why, it has come up so many times on the podcast.
  And when we talk about a store that we love, especially a themed restaurant that we love, Mike always says they had that at the Schomburg Mall.
  Yeah.
  We are really lucky here.
  You know, you think about it.
  Any locals here?  Who's been to the Schomburg Mall?  How about that? What's the percentage?  Yeah.
  Woodfield Mall.
  I got to correct myself.
  But in my heart, it's the Schomburg Mall.
  That's how I learned of this magical place for the first time.
  You know how a lot of people sitting at home learned about this place for the first time is through a commercial that I love very much.
  We might end up wanting to move our bodies a little more when this commercial play.
  Everybody in the audience should.
  This is a hell of a song.
  It's a treat.
 Get ready for it.
  Over product shots.
  No shots of the place could be anywhere.
  And.
  We have it all.
  Woodfield.
  Yeah.
  Amazing.
  More a commercial for objects than anything else.
  No signs or stores or restaurants.
  Like just little objects.
  Yeah.
  Do you know what ties are?  Humans love your objects.
  Here's a lot of them.
  I'm a particular if you can imagine that if I'm a fan of sports shuffles, I'm also a fan of local mall songs.
  And I would I have to unfortunately have to say that's number two because number one is the Yorkdale Mall, wherever that is.
  Real catchy Yorkdale.
  Incredible.
  But we look that one up on your own time.
  But I was thinking I would love to do this just as a little call and response.
  It just is here to teach you the song.
  I'll sing the first part.
  You sing the second.
  It's we have it all at Woodfield's will be your part.
  This may come up throughout the show.
  So here we go.
  Oh, we have it all.
  Yes.
  That's how we're cooking with gas.
  That's that's like all that's like a fun live show.
  And it's also like a cult, a weird cult thing.
  Especially when we're in this ballroom where we came up from the back and like, hey, everybody, we excited.
  And yeah, we're trying to get people to invest in Woodfield Mall.
  Yeah.
  But that's not you know, that's not the case because Woodfield Mall is, you know, it's constantly being updated.
  It's you know, it's a very modern place.
  However, there have been some recent troubles.
  Yes, you locals well know like a month and a half ago, somebody tried to drive their damn car into the place.
  Yeah.
  No more than try.
  They did it.
  They drove their car and luckily nothing happened.
  Nobody even got injured, thankfully.
  Yeah.
  Because obviously that would be bad.
  But then also we wouldn't have been able to do it as the topic of the show.
  Yeah, that would have been we couldn't touch it.
  We'd have to wait like years to do it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But being that thank God crisis averted.
  But I do feel like the morale of the Woodfield Mall has been hurt a little bit and we got to build it up.
  We got to get excited with things like that song.
  We got to remind them that we got it all.
  At Woodfield.
  Nice.
  So let's go back.
  Let's let's learn what made this place why we were so excited to come here and talk about this place.
  What do you got slidewise?  Well, I mean, slidewise, we went there yesterday.
  Oh, my God.
  That's the main headline.
  What am I saying?  Sorry.
  Yeah.
  So I don't know.
  This is not.
  Yeah, that's good.
  So, yeah, we'll start with we'll start with our personal journeys when it comes to what you are.
  Yeah.
  So, yeah, last night, Jason, Mike and I and my wife, Aaron, all went to the Woodfield Mall.
  We all had a night at the Woodfield Mall.
  Jason, as you learned, stayed in Schomburg in my childhood bed.
  Yeah.
  And then I spent the spent the night in Schomburg and at a hotel with a Nordstrom View room,  which is probably like getting like a lagoon view at Disney World.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  The optimal situation.
  And, you know, just to be I mean, the main thing is to be to be in Schomburg at all and to walk in your footsteps.
  Delightful.
  You know, we get you pointed in the vague direction of the container store where you used to work.
  Yeah.
  Who's been to that container store?  Does anyone have a closet planned by the container store?  Oh, nice.
  We've got one.
  They went and didn't buy.
  Maybe if a better salesman had been there to.
  Well, this was a long time ago.
  So, you know, I'm sure it's slipped since I've been there.
  I'm sure they've.
  Yeah, it's slipping.
  How could it?  How could it deal with me leaving?  We also this is, you know, near the Woodfield Mall, but not not really.
  But you took us and we had a one.
  I'm just happy to say that I was able to go to the Bahama Breeze restaurant in Schomburg.
  On Golf Road.
  Where I celebrated the very solemn, solemn holiday of rum tober.
  I had an amazing rum tober and there's a couple more weeks left.
  So make sure you do, too.
  So, yeah, so we went to Woodfield last night and Jason and I got out of my mom's car that I was borrowing.
  Because that's what you do.
  And the trip ended.
  It ended or she ended.
  It started with tragedy.
  Fallen brother.
  Panda Express, two items and noodles for for listeners and people who were blocking with our chairs.
  What's on the ground?  It is what appears to be the remains of a Panda Express.
  Two chicken entrees and noodles.
  And when we went back at the end of the night, it remained.
  Not even an animal.
  Died with its boots on, buried where it fell.
  Jason got his Bible out in a shovel and he read the meal, its last rites.
  And then we buried it in a pet cemetery.
  So then we went into Sears and it's confusing because like Sears doesn't have a logo.
  Sears, I don't know if you've heard, hasn't been like the best store for a while.
  They were running a promotion where if you spent a hundred dollars, you got fifty dollars in credit.
  And that is not really how stores are supposed to work.
  That is like a late, late stage capitalism where like logic just is gone.
  It's a big if if Sears will even be there at all.
  And it's funny because I learned Woodfield is a combination of the names of Robert E.
 Wood, who ran Sears, and Field of Marshall Fields.
  And Mrs.
 Carlson told me that.
  She was right.
  Robert E.
 Wood also started Allstate Insurance, which Mike was in commercials for.
  And I am a customer of.
  Pretty cool.
 Pretty cool.
  Wow, it all ties together.
  Yeah, simulation.
  So in case you were wondering where the Sears actual sign might be on the level that we parked at, which is the second level, it's behind some shrubs.
  I mean, maybe I'm sure from some angle you can see it, but they should probably cut those.
  And then we walked around.
 I hadn't been in about a year or so.
  There's a new place caught Jason's eye immediately.
  Stan's Donuts.
  A lot of fans.
  We did not eat there.
  But someday.
  And then we wandered around a little bit.
  We will get back to our trip sort of towards the end of where we ended up.
  I'll let you guess.
  Where do you think in Woodfield Mall today some childless men in their 30s would end up at?  I couldn't understand.
  I think I heard FYE.
  Oh, yeah, sure.
  Which we did not step foot in.
  Yeah.
  No, we don't have any customers for a while.
  Yeah.
  FYE also looks like they're in the process of closing every time I've ever been in there.
  But, you know, they've got Funko Pops.
  Well, we'll get to the big reveal at the end.
  Let's do some vintage Woodfield.
  Oh, yeah, let's see what this place used to look like back in the days of that commercial.
  Oh, so beautiful.
  There was a bunch of ramps and cool stuff.
  And then there was these giant crescent moon sculptures.
  Yeah.
  Which everyone is cooing about it.
  It's a little more boring now.
  And there are like what replaces these crescent moons is like a big screen with a tweet about where Angelina Jolie says she's been sad lately.
  That's literally what I saw in the courtyard.
  Not progress.
  Go back to the moons.
  Yeah.
  Well, we also saw like the one massive like center of the mall was there's a lot of different vertical and horizontal lines.
  And they were all covered in black and red Batwoman logos.
  And it was very unnerving.
  Apparently a cast member of Batwoman was making an appearance there today.
  Today.
 Did anyone go meet Cameras Johnson?  You could have done both.
  Him and us.
  What a day.
  So, yeah, it's like a lot less fun.
  Like I do.
  I mean, everything, everything mall-wise seems like it used to be a little more fun.
  Like these days, very everything seems more practical.
  Yeah.
  But they got those ramps, those ramps and those sky bridges.
  And there's the upper level and the lower level, but then weird sporadic intermediate levels.
  What what are you talking about?  It's like hitting levels in a video game.
  Incredible.
  So if you don't know what we're talking about, that would feel mall, you know, like most it is two levels.
  There's two floors, except on one part when they split into three floors, but it doesn't go all the way around.
  They just decided to make the part with the McDonald's a secret middle floor.
  Hard to like you are to find McDonald's.
  It's very short with a play place in it, which is new.
  I'll be honest with you.
  I was upset with it.
  I was upset to see that because I longed for a play place in that McDonald's as a child.
  It was only a place.
  The cool thing about it was you could get like sometimes they would test out pizza and hot dogs there.
  Yes.
 You know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
  I want to say some of these facts a section of the audience has been responding to with.
  Yeah, like like like we had just said, like, you know, Christ is king.
  Amen, brother.
  Like it's a call and response.
  I mean, I assume most of the things we say on the podcast, people go, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like listening to a mildly interesting conversation.
  Yeah.
 Munch Munch's Make Believe Band is really good.
  Yep.
  But I think if we go a little bit forward, we start getting into the the insanity and the pop culture clashes that make this place so vibrant and exciting because the opening opening day was a big deal in in the 70s.
  Seventy one maybe I could be wrong about the year.
  So yeah.
 So like you when you open something, you want some of the biggest names of the day to open the open a mall like this.
  And of course, they got Vincent Price and Robert Goulet's wife.
  And don't forget to not one but two marching bands.
  Yes.
 I can't remember the other one, but the Conan marching band is a who.
  Hey, now I want to show Conan is here tonight.
  I went to Schomburg High School, Conan arrival high school.
  So nothing boils my blood like hearing the marching band of Conan got to play the opening of this.
  Should have had a football flew right over his head.
  He should have tackled you.
  Yeah, that's true.
  So yeah, they open they open Woodfield.
  Is this a good time maybe to talk about some of the other celebrity presence?  Oh, yeah.
 Let's do that.
  Okay.
 So many stars.
  All your favorite stars have been to the Woodfield Mall.
  Not in October 1976, soon to be former president Gerald Ford visited the Woodfield Mall in nineteen in nineteen seventy six.
  Also, John Travolta, then in the height of his powers on Welcome Back.
  I have signed a lot of accounts of just mobs of screaming girls following John Travolta around young just like today.
  Nothing has changed in 1982.
  Arnold Schwarzenegger appeared in the Woodfield Mall to promote Conan the Barbarian, but it was very poorly promoted.
  So less than 10 people showed up and Arnold casually walked away.
  Let's hear quick hits.
  Gabe Kaplan.
  Also, so much Carter.
  Wow.
 So much of Carter.
  Richard Dean Anderson.
  And then my favorite thing in 1974, also eventful time, the the Great Kiss Off was held.
  Has anyone heard of this?  There was an event where they tried to top the Guinness Book of World Records for longest continuous kiss.
  And this was overseen by the band Kiss.
  Yeah, I could find no record of them actually doing that.
  I could find no record of them actually doing anything.
  And it very well may have been their doubles.
  But two people kissed for over one hundred and fourteen hours.
  One hundred and fourteen hours.
  What kissing?  I think a lot of people in the room like kissing.
  But yeah, who likes kissing?  That's a level we the good boys are comfortable with.
  Yes.
 But that's it.
  We no more.
  But one hundred and fourteen hours.
  That's a long I would say more than 90 seconds on a kiss.
  You're probably getting tired of it anyway.
  I could be wrong.
  So we just learned Scott's limit for kissing.
  I hate kissing.
  You got to breathe too.
  Scott sets a 90 second timer and he hits it and then he goes kissing.
  And we are done.
  Thank you for kissing me.
  This has been Scott's great kiss off.
  Oh, my God.
  And real quick concerts.
  OK, some really good ones.
 Ray Charles, Tony Bennett, Tiffany.
  We have mall rock Tiffany Sticks.
  Chicago native sticks performed at the House of Lewis clothing store.
  Why?  And also I'm stepping into it with this.
  But in 2013 to open the Microsoft store, Weezer performed.
  Scott's band arch enemy is Weezer.
  Well, it was a set that included no covers.
  So I'm fine.
  Yes.
 Nothing.
  Which is the cover?  Oh, oh, oh.
  I want to get off you off on a tangent.
  No, no, that's not.
  But it's it's when Weezer covers Africa because and I correct me if I'm wrong.
  It's that they went for the cheap midi style since and didn't use the real since since that Toto used when recording.
  This sounds terrible.
  And it's just really in a front to the legacy of David Page and Steve Picaro and the incredible sounds they pioneered.
  Am I right?  You're right.
  Glad to have support, even if you didn't actually know what I was talking about.
  Yeah.
 So they played.
  They open with the song Greatest Man Who Ever Lived, which is one of my favorite Bad Weezer songs.
  No.
  Does anyone know that song?  Yeah.
 OK.
  Really? Four people?  I would have assumed 15 at least.
  Mike, why don't you get up and perform it and put your hands wherever you feel?  The I will say that's there's a spoken word section of that song where he says, like, if you don't like it, you can shove it, but you don't like it.
  You love it.
  And he does it like all dead.
  So, yeah, anyway, that's a word that I when I think of Rivers Cuomo now, the first word that comes to mind is cool.
  So that was that was 2013.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 What's what's next in the slideshow?  Well, I have a little bit.
  There's a first I found a picture of a scary cop looking at the mall.
  It looks if you've ever seen the photos from when Stanley Kubrick was like a news photographer before he directed movies and they're all like strangely evocative.
  That is what this photo of a mall security guard looking down on a center plaza looks like.
  Yeah.
 So I don't know.
  I just thought it was I thought it was scary.
  So I put it in.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 Here's my probably my favorite other than as a child going to KB Toys.
  My favorite part of the mall is not there anymore.
  There was a waterfall and like fish tanks and it was like a little secret.
  I know it's hard to see this.
  It was a little like kind of secret entrance.
  You walk downstairs.
  There was a waterfall and then fish tanks and it was such a cool little weird imagineered kind of a thing.
  There's no reason practically to have it in a mall other than just ambiance.
  And like this is the stuff that malls are getting rid of.
  Is the there was a waterfall at Stratford Square.
  My room held me out.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Where there was a movie theater under the waterfall.
  Which is amazing.
  And it's gone stripped away all the heart and soul taken out of these malls.
  Could not make out the movies because they were projected through the waterfall.
  So like so yeah.
  So anyway that that is gone.
  That has been replaced by a Comcast booth I believe.
  And there's like there's maybe like locker storage there as well.
  Yeah I know it's very sad.
  But I was yelling I was like telling I was like I think that's where the waterfall was yesterday.
  It's probably also wrong.
  So that's that's another picture of the waterfall.
  I think that one of the things that struck me is like Schomburg just has so much like shop.
  Like this mall is so big and I looked up the size of the city Schomburg is about seventy four thousand people.
  And from what I could find looking online cities of that size like Kalamazoo Michigan and Bethlehem Pennsylvania do not have malls of this size.
  They have like a few malls but not like something this massive.
  Well that's because we got it all.
  Yeah.
  Nice.
  That explains that.
  Yeah.
  So yeah it's the thing I was gonna say like the amount of chain restaurants in that area is truly mind boggling.
  It's like the Dubai of mid-level chain restaurants like just excess everywhere.
  But the excess isn't like so much money.
  It's you know like as many different kinds of mozzarella stick appetizers as you and your parents and grandparents could eat because you're celebrating someone graduating.
  Like it's just anything you can imagine any type of mozzarella stick.
  Well should we talk about what might be the most valiant attempt at a chain restaurant.
  Probably start with a big the craziest thing that they tried to do.
  Yeah.
  This this this is saying it's this is one of the things that definitely piqued my interest because we're talking about a place that only had two locations and one of them in Schomburg.
  Yes.
  I hear some murmuring people know what it is.
  It was out of this world.
  It was Mars 2112.
  Yeah.
  People know it.
  It lasted Jason how long again.
  So it opened in like October of one year and then it closed in November the following year.
  And never reopened.
  And we can we will we will vow to you there will be a full two and a half hour episode about Mars 2112.
  Eventually.
  Who do you think we are.
  And also will vow to you there will be a two and a half hour episode about that waterfall I talked about.
  Yeah.
  All of it will get done.
  But yes Mars 2112.
  Which was built in the former Plit movie theater which was also the former ice rink.
  Incredible zone in this place.
  Yes.
  I saw movies at that movie theater.
  It was the first place I saw the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle movie poster as a youth as a youth.
  I was looking at the posters and I saw the Ninja Turtles and I flipped out.
  So maybe you stopped and kissed it for 90 seconds.
  Very good.
  Just enough.
  Just enough time.
  But so all right Mars 2112 obviously a Mars themed restaurant.
  There was another one in Times Square that made it way longer but it was also a restaurant that had a well let me read from this little list.
  Lava pools a shuttle ride for 32 guests.
  There was actually a 747 flight simulator used to train pilots and it rocked and swayed as if the passengers were on a trip to Mars.
  So before you could go eat a meal you had to sit in the simulator ride for three and a half minutes where you went through what they called a trans lunar wormhole.
  So fuck up your stomach and then eat deep fried whatever you'd like.
  From the reviews garbage very good.
  What.
  Oh what.
  Now what I read.
  Maybe Times Square is different.
  OK.
  New York City you know.
  Yeah they are much more comfortable in a lunar simulator.
  Yeah.
  Well and there were some differences between the locations and this might have been key to why Times Square lasted so much longer.
  Times Square they've been going for a little bit and one of the big keys to the success of it was an arcade area called Cyber Street.
  So if we're going to do a second Mars 2112 we got to do another Cyber Street right.
  For some reason the Schomburg zoning board of appeals voted for to to to deny a permit to Cyber Street.
  The city chased Cyber Street away and thus there was no arcade.
  Yeah.
  Why.
  Why would they allow the simulator and the lava pools and the restaurant but no arcade.
  Well in the ruling was a mixed use issue but it seems to me a ride is another use.
  Yeah.
  Fire the Schomburg Board of Appeals impeach them all.
  Yeah we'll do and it will find whoever made that decision and interview them on the episode.
  Yes.
  I'm sure they remember it.
  Why do you hate democracy.
  So sir.
  I feel like you guys have some information about the man the man responsible for.
  Oh I just saw a snippet that it was it was an Irish businessman and the newspaper article about the Times Square location suddenly closing very quickly.
  It's described it as like a man who fraud seems to follow.
  Which I mean 20 years ago that was an insult.
  Now you can become president of the United States if Rod follows you.
  I don't want to jump in anything in the slide.
  What's around the corner here.
  Well there's just some photos of Mars 2112.
  See if you can make out that.
  It looks really good.
  Yeah what you're seeing is something that looks really good.
  We tried to find the names of the aliens and did not come up successful.
  So on a future episode hopefully someone will have sent us the handbook like the employee handbook.
  But we are not seeing the aliens yet.
  You need to know you all need to meet the aliens.
  Yeah.
  Hard to describe this for the product pockets because I'm right next to it and it's being projected on brick.
  So I can't fill it in extremely cool aliens with that suffice.
  Yeah.
  Here's a here's one.
  This is like what's the opposite of imagination.
  The opposite of imagineer is that like dreaded near that like nightmare near nightmare.
  This this looks like if I assume a female just because of its pink and purple.
  There's three eyes.
  It has like I assume that's a space bow and its hair.
  And then yeah.
  I will say this I thought the costumes would look worse and they look bad.
  Yeah.
  So they could be worse.
  So yes the next one the one you the next one one.
  So this is something I just happened upon.
  You know famous people have to eat.
  They got to go into trans lunar wormholes to.
  Yeah they have to do that.
  So obviously like a famous person you know we mentioned former president Gerald Ford made an appearance at Woodfield.
  I'm not sure if this picture was taken in Times Square.
  I'm assuming it was it would make sense.
  But here's a photo of one of the aliens with Bill Clinton.
  And I mean as you can guess that alien is on the flight logs that alien is on the Epstein logs.
  Yeah.
  The space the spaceship flight logs.
  It was just X's and Z's and 9's.
  That's his name.
  This is Space Epstein on the left.
  Where is Space Epstein.
  I know he's with just Lane.
  OK.
  Space just Lane space just Lane.
  Excuse me.
  He teleported out of the cell.
  Yeah.
  So oh that would explain it.
  That's why that would explain the cameras not working that explain the guard the guard who wasn't a guard was obviously the alien morphed into something.
  Jeffrey disappeared.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Teleporting thing.
  Yeah.
  Should we the menu items.
  I don't know if you guys have any of those already.
  You have those.
  Oh yeah you have those.
  Well I mean we always love because you don't have time to read these whole menus as much as we'd love to.
  But I like when they group them into different areas.
  Here's appetizer.
  Here's a main course blah blah.
  You got first contact.
  You got primary orbit and then dessert sweet planets.
  They gave up.
  With all of those like felt like we did the episode about Marvel mania which was the Marvel themed restaurant.
  It does seem like they people run out of steam when they're coming up with them because it'll be like you know the ant adamantium artichoke or whatever.
  And then you're like oh that's pretty good.
  And then it'll just be like hero sauce.
  You're like well that was you just got people in a room just got like whatever.
  They're heroes right.
  Hero sauce.
  Who cares.
  Hulk bread.
  Space drink.
  So Mars journey 1-12 one of a litany of things that closed within two years.
  We don't have a slide for this one so I'll just name check it real fast.
  So there was an attempt at you know a cousin of the competitor to the Disney store the Nickelodeon Superstore.
  It was only it was open for less than two years in the Woodfield Mall and the only real tangible information I could find out about it is that all the benches in the store were whoopee cushions.
  And all the employees in the store must have then been suicidal.
  There there are a lot of what we found is like in Woodfield there are a lot of like ideas and concepts that were tried out and like almost across the board.
  They tried them out and they went no way we will not roll this out nationwide.
  This is not going to make us any money.
  Well is this a good time then to talk about Disney's version of that.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Zoom over here.
  Yes sure.
  I'll just I'll just put the first picture up like Mickey's kitchen.
  Anyone did anyone go to Mickey's kitchen.
  Hey all right.
  You know more than us because we didn't there's not a lot of photos.
  It's not a lot to learn about it.
  There were all again there were only two of these second one in Schomburg.
  They tried it in Montclair California and they tried in Schomburg Illinois open for less than a year.
  It was next to the Disney store.
  I guess people did not want to eat soupity doodah.
  And people didn't really understand the tagline of everybody's got a lunching place.
  That's not.
  That's not right.
  No no no.
  The other similarly tortured one supercalifragid chicken salad.
  You talk about giving up towards the end of the menu.
  That's they bailed in the name.
  They didn't get to it should be listed.
  They turn list stick into chicken doesn't scan at all.
  It's not a chicken salad.
  It's a chicken salad.
  It's a chicken salad.
  It's a chicken salad.
  It's a chicken salad.
  It's a chicken salad.
  The list stick into chicken doesn't scan at all.
  Make any sense.
  Disney's kitchen fell under the regional entertainment umbrella that also had the ESPN zone and Disney Quest.
  Famously successful reviewed businesses.
  Disney Quest of course opened two locations in Orlando and one right here in Chicago.
  And the one in my hometown of Philadelphia as we've talked about before they just stopped construction odd and it's remained a parking lot to this day.
  How many people did go to Disney Quest here and got sick on something.
  All right.
  Is there a way to can with one word convey what made you sick.
  It's more of a story three words three were quick.
  Yeah.
  Aladdin's magic carpet.
  Yeah that's probably it.
  I don't want to make people shout shout a story.
  Sure.
  Wait Mike did you ever go to the Chicago Disney Quest.
  No we did not go.
  I don't remember why.
  I'm not going to blame my parents.
  I don't know if it's their fault or not.
  It might be but I'm not.
  I can't say with certainty that it was.
  So I won't say it.
  We did go in Florida though.
  We did that.
  I want to go be in a weird windowless weird box.
  And you did get sick in Florida.
  I got very.
  Yeah I got sick on the Aladdin's VR thing which is something I in my mind was like this is going to be the coolest thing I've ever done.
  Virtual reality is amazing.
  I got on there this blocky like sub Nintendo 64 level graphics like trying to maneuver a magic carpet and then 30 seconds in I had a horrible headache and felt like I wanted to throw up.
  And then we had to get on a plane two hours later.
  And I remember like finally I ate a sandwich and I felt a little better.
  But like you didn't jam in the full family style dinner before.
  We are going to Orlando and someone threw out in case you don't know last time I was in Orlando I.
  Yeah.
  I feel like we should be doing more applause callbacks.
  Last time I was in Orlando I half accidentally ordered an all you can eat meal for a family of four.
  Because when you go to Liberty Tree Tavern and Magic Kingdom generally as a family that's eating and they don't adjust the portions for a single man in his 30s.
  So the first thing they brought out was four large pieces of bread.
  And I think I ate two and then they just brought me the same portions that a family would eat.
  And I had a flight to catch within two and a half hours flights are cursed.
  You said you might do it again.
  For the content.
  Mike Carlson can go home again.
  He can go.
  He can come to Chicago.
  He can return to Liberty.
  I am going to play the Diddy song that I played when I came out.
  I'm going to wear this letterman jacket and enter Liberty Tree Tavern.
  And you're going to make the employees go like where is that music coming from.
  What is that in your hand.
  That glass they have to play along.
  But hey thankfully in 2019 you don't have to worry about getting sick from V.
R.
  Aladdin because we we all got to experience V.
R.
  Aladdin thanks to visionary director Guy Ritchie at our local Cineplex.
  Yeah that's true.
  We all went on a magic carpet ride.
  Very memorable.
  It's like Nassim Padrat is in the room with you.
  This there was this other weird Disney.
  I'll keep this quick because it's very dry.
  There was this other weird Disney thing that they attempted in the Woodfield Mall that again was not open for very long.
  And it is you will see how dry this is.
  It's called Disney's doorway to dreams.
  Oh yeah.
  This was a.
  I'll give you a sec.
  Here you go.
  The majesty of Disney's doorway to.
  Whoa.
  People gasp.
  Oh like a sense memory came into your head.
  It was real again.
  You got to experience the wonder of this which was a timeshare presentation.
  Permanently in the mall where you could walk around fake hotel rooms with like a fake window that shows the contemporary and fireworks.
  It is Chicago like we kept talking about as we were looking up Chicago so it's like it is a testing ground because it's like a major metropolitan area but it's smack dab in the middle of the country.
  So you can get like honest feedback from regular people.
  And I feel like you people in Chicago like to tell it as it is right.
  Yeah.
  Did you say tell it as it is.
  As it is.
  Isn't it tell it like it is.
  Well both work.
  It's fine.
  Yeah that's true.
  They do.
  Yeah.
  I just I don't want to side note too much.
  We have a limited amount of time but I did just do a presentation at the Disneyland Resort in order to get four free fast passes.
  So I toured a fake hotel room in the parking lot of the Disneyland Hotel and was given on.
  It took about an hour and a half.
  And I am thinking about doing it in Orlando because they offered me 50 bucks.
  And again that's we can milk two hours out of that.
  Yeah sure.
  On an episode.
  So yeah I do remember this.
  I don't think I ever went in here.
  I don't think we ever went in this.
  I think we should.
  How could you not have to not only miss time share presentations but also miss a performance from a character.
  I think we may have found the most obscure least liked Disney character of all time.
  This is a character called DVC a female character.
  She's got red hair.
  She's the DV DEVYC and DVC if you don't know stands for Disney Vacation Club.
  So they turn it into the very like you know typical human name DVC.
  And they would do this in like they would take you away from the little time.
  Sure place and then fill up the the improv at the Woodfield Muggers.
  There's an improv comedy theater where guess who's playing soon Jim.
  Next week Jim Belushi and the board of comedy which obviously we all know what that phrase means again.
  I hope they have a lot of thoughts about the PC.
  Yeah this weekend you can see Godfrey and you could probably catch the late show tonight if you get a move on.
  Oh yeah yeah go check it out.
  If you want to leave early to catch Godfrey go now.
  We understand.
  We're really screwing the action boys by saying that.
  Action boys coming up after us.
  Oh yeah sure.
  Anybody staying around for action boys.
  Hey all right.
  But so DVC yeah okay.
  So Disney character.
  Yeah but that being said if they sold the DVC toy I will buy it.
  Yeah I was like I did not know DVC existed until 12 hours ago 24 hours ago.
  I would pay up to 50 50 75 dollars for the TV.
  A timeshare worth the more obscure character the better.
  We are still waiting for them to make at least a hundred dollar Michael Eisner doll.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  We would all purchase that.
  They have not written back to our certified letters to Michael Eisner's home saying can we make a doll of you sir.
  That didn't go over well.
  I don't know why.
  I don't know why.
  I don't know why.
  I don't know why.
  I don't know why.
  I don't know why.
  That didn't go over well.
  I don't know why.
  I know.
  I won't say how I know where his office is though.
  In Beverly Hills that's not that is not a threat.
  I'm just I'm just saying I know the exact location where he works.
  Also you could figure that out with like three websites like you can all right you can find it.
  What might be proud of his sleuthing.
  Yeah I was I was trying to be.
  I mean you were there you were there.
  It's better you were there.
  I'm sad now.
  All right.
  But think of cradling an Eisner doll.
  Oh I'm happy.
  It would make you.
  Feed him a little bottle.
  Yeah.
  Wait a minute is he going to have ties for him.
  Is it like those Disney dolls where it's like baby poo.
  Yeah.
  It's like baby Eisner.
  Yeah.
  That's another toy I would buy.
  I would spend more money for baby Eisner.
  With like a weird like like feed him like bottle and he would like poop in a diaper.
  Dear sir we would love to make a doll baby version of you.
  I know where he works.
  I'll do it.
  I'll hand deliver the letter.
  And 70 drawings of what this would look like.
  And the pooping doll prototype.
  Throw it through his window.
  Wrapped up with a rock.
  All right.
  I think we should start getting to the place that we spent most of our time.
  Currently vibrant themed entertainment experience.
  Let me really quickly name check a couple of things that they used to have.
  Guys through Phil through the throw in others.
  Before there was Cinnabon Woodfield Mall at a place called T.
J.
 Cinnamons.
  Also another character I would want a doll of.
  I don't know what he looks like but I love him.
  He poops cinnamon poops.
  Yeah.
  That place was said to be a favorite of Senator Bob Dole.
  There was a restaurant called Tiffany's Bakery where you could get something called the Cookie Credit Card Club.
  You could I guess enroll in the Cookie Credit Card Club.
  That caused the financial crash in 2008.
  They're buying houses with cookies.
  What's going on.
  What's going on.
  And with my last they have a place called Hot Sam's where you could get a giant pretzel covered with ham and cheese.
  What's the verdict on that Jason?  Yeah Jason what do you think of pretzel covered in hot ham and cheese.
  I'd have to really see.
  I'd have to see the quality of the ham.
  I bet if it's from Chicago it's good.
  Yeah.
  I love these cheap.
  Why are you reaching for these cheap pops.
  Authentic Chicago ham.
  I think the thing that struck me I find found out about Woodfield that I thought was very interesting and you guys were like what who cares.
  Let's let the audience decide.
  At one point Woodfield was sold to CalPERS which is the California Public Employees Retirement Savings.
  So they managed the pension and health care plans for 1.
6 million public employees in California and they just owned a giant mall in Illinois.
  So that probably went well.
  That's weird.
 What is the name.
  CalPERS.
  How do you spell that.
  C-A-L-P-E-R-S.
  I thought he was he said CalPERS which is the name of a gland in the male reproductive system.
  Oh yeah.
  The CalPERS gland.
  We know it.
  Your mom is here.
  That's not as dirty of a gland.
  It's a more functional gland.
  But I think I think with all that.
  Oh they also have to used to have a little girl makeover place called Club Libby Lou.
  Yes.
  And for our thoughts on that get ready for the downtown Disney ordeal coming as soon as we're done with our little tour.
  Lots of Club Libby Lou.
  Get your asses ready for little girl makeover places.
  We spend a lot of time on Club Libby Lou and then a much more religious competitor of it which I can't think of the name of off the top of my head.
  But they were mad.
  They thought Club Libby Lou was like sinful.
  So anyway that's just a tease for the.
  Tease.
 Get ready.
  But let's let's take you to the main place that we've left a couple out and including one that people guessed.
  But I don't think the place that we spent most of our time is the one that a lot of people guessed.
  At least not the people I heard.
  Should we reveal this.
  This picture is of the old logo so I apologize.
  Oh right right right.
  Back when it had a different confusing name.
  Here is what it looks like.
  It is to say yeah.
  Two five seven doesn't really tell you what it is but look real close at that five.
  That's it.
  It's angled weird but it's not an ordinary five.
  That's a Pac Man.
  Because now they have a thing called Pac Man Entertainment.
  It's like a Dave and Buster's in a restaurant but called Pac Man Entertainment.
  And it is as possible.
  It is massive.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Man who has been to Pac Man Entertainment.
  That's a smattering.
  Mm hmm.
  Working great.
  So it's working great.
  There is a like fancy ish look in bowling alley.
  There is a full restaurant that has walls to prevent you from like access it like.
  Yeah they're almost like like shields from the gaming like you're eating in a little box.
  And it's got a much more like drab color scheme and then like naked mannequin women who welcome you into it.
  Even though it's a Pac Man place.
  Yes.
  People seem like more horrified by this place so far.
  Yeah.
  It ended up being fun.
  I can tell you there's a connect four thing where you shoot basketballs and that's part of the connect four.
  That's pretty cool.
  Yeah.
  And then a restaurant right in the middle that looks like the bar from The Shining.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  It does look like there's a lot of gay.
  Yeah.
  Part of it's Dave and Buster is part of its bowling alley part of it's shining and like it's it's the Dave and Buster's has a lot of different games and it's all you can win tickets.
  And it is we we play games.
  There was one game where you have to like throw ping pong balls to change like squares colors all within 30 seconds which I did and it's the greatest moment of my life.
  I got it.
  I won the game and I think I squealed.
  Yeah.
  I walked over and you were like I really like this.
  We put it on the letterman jacket.
  We were very excited.
  Ping pong game.
  Before we have before we wrap that up you got to hear about our meal right.
  Yes.
  You got it.
  Sure.
  At the top of the show.
  OK.
  So they we we sat down and we asked what is your Pac Man themed stuff because I thought they had a lot of Pac Man themed stuff and they did drinks wise.
  They had a drink for every ghost.
  But all of those drinks had like eight ingredients.
  So those were not for me.
  Mike I don't think you even part took.
  I had a headache last night.
  All right.
  So I had a drink that I hadn't eaten very much.
  So I instead waited till we got to Bahama Breeze and ordered a what is it called Mark.
  What is it.
  It was not a margarita.
  It was a it was like a margarita or something.
  It was very fun and it was a frozen drink.
  So I waited till then.
  So even I did not have my usual multicolor drink there.
  I'm sorry.
  I have let everyone down.
  Yeah.
  A reason to come back.
  I want to get every ghost drink and then we'll be downstairs.
  We also stopped in briefly at the rain far.
  We walked around the rain forest cafe.
  We did.
  We didn't leave it.
  We saw like at the owner of the rain forest cafe.
  Of course part of the Landry family is a scary looking man.
  He owns the Houston Rockets as well.
  And do you have a picture of this.
  I forgot to put it on here.
  I have the name.
  The book is called like Shut Up and Listen.
  Oh, it is called Shut Up and Listen.
  Yeah.
  And he looks like he is going to kick your ass.
  And we spent a few minutes imagining scenarios of like a guy who works at FYE like just kind of rudderless and like they're not closing down but they're not doing well.
  So he's just drinking at the rain forest cafe because he gets a discount and then he buys that book to turn his life around.
  And he's like trying to sketch other ideas for I got to have another idea for a restaurant.
  OK.
 What about Arctic animals?  Oh, yeah.
  The Arctic Cafe.
  Honey, honey, what do you think about polar bear while you eat?  Tundra Cafe.
  I just want Tillman Fertitta to head of Landry's Tillman Fertitta to respect me.
  And we add another name.
  We will be dealing fully with Rainforest Cafe in the downtown Disney.
  But that Rainforest Cafe in Schomburg had a clearance nook that had a dragonfly skeleton facing away from you that appeared to be walking up a set of stairs to go die.
  But you just saw the tail pointed at you and he was at the foot of a set of stairs.
  So I don't know what sort of like riddle that was.
  Yeah.
 And also in the clearance section, there were a line of toys that were like finger puppets and the name of the toys are fingerlings.
  And that's the noise we all made.
  When we first looked at it, we missed a letter.
  What does that say?  They're like squints.
  So weird, weird, right.
  But you'll get our full Rainforest Cafe thought soon.
  But we got to talk about this food really fast.
  We asked the waitress, is there food that is themed to Pac-Man?  She said, not a lot.
  She went, like she was so could not have been more caught off guard by that question.
  Yes, has rarely come up, especially with a bunch of adults.
  Luckily, there was one item that had just within it, one single Pac-Man themed ingredient that is that the hummus plate included included pack humbers pack humbers.
  And what that basically means is that you're getting cucumbers with like a sixth taken out of it.
  So you're getting it looks like a Pac-Man face.
  You're getting less cucumber.
  So it's not a good deal.
  No, not at all.
  So we were disappointed by all of this.
  But I had seen it on Yelp or something.
  I thought there was a little more waiting for us.
  And I asked I asked the waitress about it.
  And she said, I mean, yeah, I mean, it's it's from the kids menu, but sure.
  And and when and she brought this out and we all squeals with delight.
  Yeah.
 So she told us what it was.
  And then she we asked her about like having it because it was a dessert.
  And she said, sure, I'll bring you some out.
  And she placed on our table.
  Eight Pac-Man cookies.
  And we the collective four of us all went, whoa.
  And I I believe this was her reaction.
  She placed it down.
  She heard that noise and went home.
  She was like taken aback and confused and then like amused.
  We were all like our our barbecue pork nachos and buffalo chicken wrap and hummus.
  We were all like, well, fine, serviceable.
  But then we were like, oh, the cookies.
  Yes, we acted everything and they were good cookies.
  They were good as basic sugar.
  Everybody's got to go.
  Go get these sugar cookies.
  You use that 75 cents.
  You'll have a great time.
  Don't order anything on the main menu because it's fine.
  Yeah, go in and order the cookies off the kids menu.
  See if you can get your waiter or waitress to recoil from surprise.
  It's such a ruckus.
  But, you know, we had some complaints about Pac-Man entertainment.
  But with that, we that truly had us thinking we got it all.
  That's right.
  And with that, we're getting to the end.
  There's one more little thing.
  There's a lot of people.
  You listen to the podcast, you know the deal.
  And you've you know that we've also, in addition to theme parks,  spent a lot of time talking about parking garages either next to theme parks or just, you know,  or, you know, next to slightly themed malls.
  And that's the thing that we would like to do.
  And we'd love to talk about the Woodfield Mall parking garage.
  The issue is we sort of have a running theme where there's really only one person  who we've deputized to do that, to talk, who we feel has the authority to talk about parking garages  next to slightly themed things.
  And we are happy to say because we flew him out on our own dime at great expense to us.
  He came out just for this.
  Do I hear the holy shit?  Somebody said holy shit.
  Ladies and gentlemen, from Doughboys, Nick Weiger.
  Wow.
  Geez.
  Wow.
 Thanks, guys.
 That's very nice.
  I, you know, you guys know this.
  I'm not sure if everyone out there knows this.
  This is my favorite podcast.
  I'm very excited to be a part of this.
  Oh, thank you.
 Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Honestly, being up here with you guys, I'm a little nervous.
  So I'm just going to.
  Just going to.
  OK.
  We should hold for photos.
  Anyway, thank you for flying me out here.
  Thank you for the middle seat on Spirit Airlines.
  And the word the parking garage, right?  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We just we wanted you to even invite you into the rest of the mall with us.
  Yeah, no.
 Yeah.
  I went on my own to the parking garage.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Just solo trip.
  So that being said, Nick Weiger, what did you think of the Woodfield Mall parking garage?  It's good.
  Great.
 Thanks, guys.
  Nick Weiger, ladies and gentlemen.
  Nick Weiger.
  Wow.
  And with that, you survived.
  But I guess the ride.
  Thank you, Chicago.
  Thank you, Chicago.
  Thank you to the thanks to the Chicago Podcast Festival for having us.
  Oh, my God.
 Really appreciate you getting us out here.
  Thanks to Chicago Theater Works for having us.
  What a great venue.
  It's been wonderful.
  And thank you for coming to the show.
  It means a lot coming from so far away.
  Thank you.
 And listening.
  Much appreciated.
  We'll stick around a little bit.
  We can say that as opposed.
  But thank you so much for coming.
  It's been a blast.
  Hey, we're going to Disney World.
  Good night, everybody.
  Forever.
  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm, Joe Sillio and Alex Ramsey.
  Engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
