 Welcome to Hauntcast the Fright, the second game of the year.
  We are at the second gate where today we will be discussing.
.
.
  Ah, ah, ah, Mike.
 We got a Halloween-ify it.
  I gave this some thought last night.
 I think what we're doing right now is Hauntcast the Fright the Cemetery Gate.
  Oh, yeah.
  I came locked and loaded, I solved the problem.
  Man, and you were waiting to just serve me there.
  You knew I wanted it to be the interrupt.
  I walked it right into a trap.
  A spooky trap.
  Dennis Nidried you.
  That was me, Scott Geraghty.
  I interrupted Mike Carlson and who hasn't said anything yet? Jason Sheridan.
  For once, I have not said anything in the rare moment.
  You're digesting a breakfast, though.
  I am digesting.
 Look, it's easy like Sunday morning here at Hauntcast the Fright the Cemetery Gate.
  You know, we're getting started of the day.
  You know, I was eating a Clif Bar as I walked in with my Starbucks.
  And our guest beat us.
 Our guest beat me and Scott here today.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Well, lucky for you and I, Jason, we don't have a lot to do here because I think we're going to sit back and hear a tale.
  And a tale from our guest.
  Yes, our guest, Anthony Geo is here.
  You're back, finally.
  We've been saying we've got to have you back for a year.
  Splash Mountain.
 It's been so long.
  Yeah, it's kind of disrespectful of you.
  It's very of us to not have you back until now.
  So welcome back.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, thank you guys for having me.
  I'm excited to talk about this.
  So as will be discussed, I don't know when this is coming out, if it will be discussed before.
  I've had to find a whole set of new podcast partners for the various haunts that happened in Southern California over the month of September, months of September.
  You went to a cemetery and found some ghouls to go with you.
  I found some new ghouls to go with me.
  Some new ghouls and goblins.
  Yeah.
 So you'll hear about some of that later or before.
 I don't know.
  I forgot.
  But Fright Fest at Six Flags.
  Six Flags Magic Mountain.
  Six Flags Magic Mountain.
  Where you would not set foot into.
  That was the first time I went to Six Flags Magic Mountain.
  Wow.
  Geo?  I had been once before, I think.
  OK.
  And I have not ever been.
  Jason did a safe tour.
  Wow, really?  No, because I'm not a coaster guy.
  I'm not a screamer.
  Yeah, I'm not.
  I mean, as a child.
  I'm a femur.
  Right.
  As a child, I was not.
  I went to Great America, but I was very scared of all the big coasters.
  Funny enough, that was my Six Flags growing up.
  Yeah, the Gurney.
  Great America.
 Yeah, near Chicago.
  OK.
  So I was hoping we didn't do every coaster, but I was also hoping to get a little bit braver when it comes to coasters, which we'll talk about in a second.
  Sure.
 All the coasters, for the most part, at Fright Fest, too.
  I spent a bunch of time reading the website so I at least could contribute something.
  And the gimmick with the coasters seems to be the lights are off.
  Yeah, I don't know how great that gimmick is because it's just like it's dark out.
  It's like Dr.
 Bondark himself dreamed up this devilish scheme.
  So I don't know.
  Yeah, I don't know if it's like, wow, it was so different, but I guess it was a little darker.
  I would say it was just inconvenient.
  Like, it made it hard to like figure out what was going on.
  There was a lot of fog.
  There was a lot of fog.
  I would say they spared no expense on fog machines.
  There were so many fog machines.
  There were times when we would be walking by and I feel like I would just get a fresh mouthful of fog.
  Like the fog would just shoot as soon as we were like right next to the machine and I would just be like, oh, like I got a full good.
.
.
  We should just preemptively start the paperwork on the class action lawsuit.
  You guys, you text it like two or three times when you were up there.
  Yes.
  And it started slow.
  And then it very quickly became like, yeah, I got to do an episode about this experience.
  Yeah, it started so slow.
  Well, it started fast.
  We're doing it.
  We're doing it.
  Yeah.
  So we might as well go.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, this was not necessarily a plan, but as soon as there was a thing that immediately set the tone for the adventure.
  Also, we should say nice enough to be invited to a press event.
  Yeah, right.
  Yeah.
  This was free and a nice thing.
  A real nice thing.
  But it's why we're doing this behind the paywall.
  There is a part of it.
  Behind the cemetery gate.
  Why we're behind the cemetery gate.
  And by the way, any of the stories we tell, we're not trying to dissuade you from going.
  No, no.
  Go to Six Flags Magic Mountain.
  I said to Mike, as we pulled away, I said Six Flags sucks and I love it.
  And I think that really sums it up.
  Like, do not miss this.
  I agree.
  That's what you could say that you could fill in the blank with a lot of our second gate topics.
  That's true.
  And with blank and I love it.
  It sucks and I love it.
  Six Flags should buy that slogan from you.
  They should promote the parks.
  Six Flags sucks and I love it.
  Yes.
  So, okay.
  I have a quick question.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Is Fright Night nationwide?  So is it happening?  Yes.
  Okay.
  It's not just a magic gun?  Yeah.
  I'm thinking of going when I'm in Chicago.
  I'm thinking of, we'll see.
  See how it is.
  I remember once being at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jersey in the fall and Fright Fest was going  and it was so small, if you didn't want to do it, you could just avoid that part of the park.
  It was literally in a corner of the park.
  There's maybe two houses and a scare zone back in the early 2000s.
  It was very small.
  Also, unlike other haunts, when it's Fright Fest days at Six Flags, it runs from 1030 a.
m.
 to 1 a.
m.
  Like, it doesn't just become Fright Fest at night.
  That's not our experience.
  It's not.
  It started at like seven.
  They had an opening ceremony.
  Yeah.
  I think that was opening day though.
  Oh, maybe.
  Or maybe it's just park hours.
  On the website, Fright Fest dates were like marked 1030 a.
m.
 to 1 a.
m.
  So you would have like zombies walking around in the morning?  In the day.
  Yeah.
  Just with coffee.
  They're even brawgier with it before they're gone.
  Hello, Jason.
  Morning.
  I just finished my Clif Bar.
  I need a banana.
  Which is also my Harrison Ford impression.
  I need a banana.
  Clif Bar.
  So where was I?  Something happened right away.
  Oh yeah.
  So right away.
  Kicked off with two teens at the Office Depot telling us their favorite roller coaster because we had to print the tickets out.
  Oh, that's right.
  So yeah, my printer not working and I also feel like printer ink is a scam at this point.
  At least the printers we have feels like it runs out of ink and 30 pages of printing, which sucks.
  So like I'll just like go print for 10 cents at Office Depot.
  I will do that too.
  How millennials are killing the printing industry.
  That's true.
  We don't do it.
  I bring that up because I kind of came into play later when we were.
.
.
  Teens play a big role in all of this.
  That's good to tease the teens because the teens are everywhere.
  I don't know if I saw an adult wearing a name tag.
  Like I really think that Six Flags may be running solely on teens.
  There is one teen in this story.
  I thought I turned that off.
  There is one teen in this story that is like a hero, is like a shining star and I'll never forget him.
  Yeah.
  Teens and bad teens.
  Not bad, just maybe apathetic teens.
  Although maybe one bad teen.
  So anyway, so we print everything out at Office Depot.
  What did the one.
.
.
  She said.
.
.
  Tatsu?  She spotted it.
  She spotted your ticket and she goes, oh, Six Flags.
  And she goes, you got to write Tatsu.
  And then she goes, you got to write it twice.
  Or something like she had been.
.
.
  We didn't write Tatsu though.
  No.
  Because.
.
.
  We'll get there.
  She says, she says, you got to write it twice.
  I always write it twice.
  You write, write, write.
  So she was excited.
  And then I wonder if she was like, oh, these two older men are going.
  So like I'm a teen and these two older men are going to enjoy it.
  Having a nice husband's night together.
  Husband's night together, who knows?  Anyway, that's just my own neuroses about my age.
  So we drive up there.
  I have recently got a new car.
  I have my old car like 10 years.
  And I said, you know what?  Let me pay a little more to try to be conscientious about the environment.
  So I got a Prius Prime.
  It's a plug-in.
  So we're at the place where the park, whatever, the parking booth.
  And I go, oh, because I think I saw on the website that they have EV park, like a plug-in charging.
  I go, oh, do you have electric vehicle charging?  And she goes, yes.
  She was very excited.
  Yeah.
  She was like, we do have it.
  And I was like, oh, that's great.
  And she's like, so what you'll do is you'll drive down the street and then the first building you see on your right, that's where it is.
  And she didn't say like specifically like, oh, you pull in.
  She gave no specific.
  She just kept saying building on the right.
  And I was like, OK, so it's just it's the first thing because I was trying to look for a little more specific detail about it.
  But she didn't have any.
  She just said first building on the right.
  So we're driving and we take like a little bit of a ways down.
  We take a turn a little bit on the right.
  And there is a would you describe like one step up from a trailer?  Yeah, I would say at best a shack, sort of a shack.
  And there's like a metal like temporary fence in front of it.
  And we spot a car that's just plugged into an outlet on the outside wall.
  You know, you sent that picture and I didn't really know what I was looking at.
  Now I get it.
  And we were like so confused.
  We're like, is this it?  None of it felt official.
  So we like pulled around like I stopped and like pulled around and we're looking.
  We're like, yeah, that car is plugged into an outlet on the wall.
  And we were we were pretty good about like we were there are quite a few employees coming in and out of the building that we were like waiting to take a cue from them of like, oh, actually, this is not for you.
  Because the press parks in the employee lot.
  Right.
 That's where you were.
  No, I think it was just the general.
  You were just in the general.
  Yeah.
 So so we were parking.
  So so yeah.
 So there were three or four employees that would walk by.
  But like almost as if they were coming to talk to us.
  Each time.
  And almost cinematically walked right past us.
  Like each time.
  Never had a gripe about what we were doing because it looked like we were fucking with the building.
  Like for as long as we were by the building, like in lining the car up, because there was only one way to park.
  I would I'll say this.
  There were probably a couple ways to park, but most of the ways to park would have let Mike's car been blindsided.
  There was no actual space.
  It would have been just you in the road.
  Right.
 Like out of it like parallel park on the road that takes you into the parking lot.
  It's only getting darker as the night goes on.
  Yeah.
 And it's a new car.
  So then like Geo's like coaching me.
  He's like, I think you got to back up on the gravel here.
  So we're like backing up on the gravel.
  Just like right back into.
  And again, there's I swear, four or five employees that keep and there's a woman who walks out.
  She walks out and like leans over the fence.
  And we're like, oh, here's the person that's going to finally say this is good.
  No, don't do this.
  You don't do this.
  You're actually there's a full building where you actually charge.
  It's over there with logos, you know, the way those stations look.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
 Tesla ones like right at the Burbank Mall.
  Yes.
 And we roll the window down.
  And I think you said I said, oh, I said, hey, are we allowed to park here?  Can we plug in?  And then I pointed at the outlets and she said she said she didn't speak English.
  And I said, oh, can we then it was I was like, it was tough.
  I was like, can we park here?  And then she kind of just like, yeah, like she was like, go for it.
  And that nonchalance is the Six Flags way.
  So I just left my car in the gravel out by a shack, plugged into an outlet on the outside of the shack.
  Just like an orange extension cord.
  Well, I have you.
  Most cars come with a thing.
  You can plug it into an outlet.
  And if you like have it at home, it takes a long time to charge that way.
  OK, which we'll find out later.
  So you plugged an extension cord into a utility trailer.
  Well, it's a it's a it's a charger.
  It comes with a cord.
  So, but it's yeah, essentially.
  So there was multiple plugs, I guess.
  I guess that's what it was for.
  I guess that is what it's so hard to tell.
  One powered all of the Justice League ride.
  If you unplugged it, that rides down.
  It's funny.
  Well, it's funny you say that.
  Oh, my God.
  Wow.
  So we're laughing pretty hard at this.
  I'm just leaving.
  I'm like, keep turning, like looking at my car.
  Like, is it OK there?  Is this going to be?  I was actually I was pretty convinced that like.
  Your car was not going to be there.
  I had convinced myself like, I don't think this is going to.
  But I thought the wheels were just going to be missing.
  Like all four wheels gone.
  Good three and a half weeks of that car.
  Yeah.
  I do have a theory of what the brown check was now, because once you're in the park, I don't think the teens are taking breaks at the brown.
  I don't think they're walking across the whole park.
  I know it was like the parking lot.
  Break, employee break.
  Yeah, that may be.
  Yeah.
  That's probably a good.
  Yeah.
  Who knows?  It's actually the power search shack.
  It's just constantly having power searches.
  So your car almost got fried.
  Well, it would it would make sense from how much it actually charged it by the end of the night.
  Boy.
  So we had in.
  We had in.
  We were a little lost in the parking lot.
  And finally we walk.
  And we had like we had to be in the and I'm forgetting the name of the lounge already at a certain time.
  The full throttle lounge.
  Full throttle bar.
  Full throttle bar, because that's where the press check in was.
  And so we're like we had like an hour, 45 minutes and we're like, well, go on Justice League first.
  When we walked in, though, it wasn't clear.
  Like they don't have signs that point to the entrance.
  The entrance is what you would think is almost like the side of the park.
  Yeah, it's not a lot of things are super clear to before.
  And then you have to double back.
  There's also sniper towers in the parking lot.
  Yes, there are strange.
  Yeah, like towers like deer.
  Deer blinds.
  Six Flags has deer blind towers in the parking lot.
  I love Six.
  I want to go back now.
  We should have gotten the pass.
  We should have gotten the pass.
  Because honestly, it would have been we had comp tickets and we were $30 more.
  We really should have done it.
  I'm really regretting it now.
  They had a folding table set out for people that wanted to up their pass.
  And I go, I pointed it to it.
  I pointed it to it.
  I go, Mike, doesn't it feel like that should be a little more official?  It was just like like a garage.
  I should have fucking.
  I mean, also, by the way, it's probably like $60 for the pass instead of 30.
  You could barter for it.
  If you had like a nice ring, they'd give you the pass for that.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's some silver platinum ring or less.
  So we walk in and we've said it before about Disney World.
  But, you know, the dream of the 90s is alive at Six Flags.
  Only the unpainted dream of the 90s is alive.
  It arguably looks abandoned in some places.
  There are places where the paint is so faded.
  You would think like, OK, if no one was around.
  Yeah, like, oh, like this has been this is 10 years.
  It's been just left like this.
  Did you guys notice the walkways in a certain condition?  Oh, like the cement has not been re cracked in a while.
  Like the cement has not been poured in a while.
  That's what I noticed.
  A lot of cracks like am I going to twist my ankle kind of walkways?  You really can't tell the difference.
  You can't tell the difference between the parking lot and pavement and the and the walking pavement.
  Yeah.
 And this park 10 years ago, there was concern it was going to be torn down and housing built there or apartments.
  And then it got I guess they figured out either they think maybe the housing crisis happened and they're like, no, just keep it a six flag.
  We're not going to build apartments.
  Roller coasters are cheaper.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  These ones are.
  I told Mike when we walked in, I said, it feels like the PlayStation one just came out.
  Like that's like the vibe.
  It felt like just like it like the mid 90s.
  And yeah, I mean that full throttle lounges extremely.
  That's that's cool.
  Was that by the West Coast Racers preview?  No.
  Well, it might have been we didn't go in there.
  I mean, that at least is an active is an active construction.
  We saw the construction construction site.
  Yeah, that was over by the the rip cord.
  I'd also like to say we were only there for about five hours.
  And I want 20.
  Well, when did we get there?  Five.
  I think you're right.
  It just feels like I'm still 22,000, 22,000 feet like steps.
  Yeah.
  Miles, I was about to say.
  But which was I had gone to horror nights a couple of days prior and walked half of that.
  Whoa.
  It's a massive, massive space.
  And we kept not knowing where we were going.
  It's very confusing.
  Yeah, especially when the lights went out, the lights went out.
  The fog is at 200 percent more than normal fog levels.
  They're giving out cups of just cups of fog solution that you drink on the way and drink your fog.
  So iodine tablets.
  So we're walking through the slightly abandoned park, the working abandoned park,  and we're trying to find Justice League.
  And we see on the map it's there's the D.
C.
 area.
  Yeah, there's like a whole I mean, I think their best example, like what a land would be right.
  I think so.
  Like a gateway you walk under.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  So we go there and it's not there.
  It's not located in the D.
C.
 area.
  The Justice League ride is not in D.
C.
 land.
  Oh my God.
  It's next to it, right?  Yeah, I mean, it's not so far, but it's it's a little it's like removed like the game isn't it between the games in the D.
C.
 area.
  It's not you have to go past the broad the boardwalk games.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  So it's not like next next.
  So we're like asking people and they don't even seem that sure.
  No, we asked where's Justice League and the guy squinted and goes, I think over there.
  It's like over there.
  I swear there's a question mark on the end like the Riddler's question mark was.
  So we were like, OK, so we're walking and then we finally see like the Hall of Justice, which I guess we didn't come from that way.
  So we shouldn't have seen it because I was I was getting so I kept telling Gio we were going the wrong way, which we weren't.
  I was so convinced because the place that got me so turned around.
  So OK, so we didn't realize also that we had front row.
  We had front line passes for everything, but we were not utilized.
  Oh, no, we didn't have them yet.
  No, yeah.
 That's a later.
 We weren't utilizing the ride.
  Anyway, so we get in the line for Justice League and it takes a little while.
  And do you remember was piping through the speakers?  I'm glad you're here.
  So we get in the line and it's like you're in the Justice League.
  You're outside of the Hall of Justice.
  Yes.
 On a loop, Tweety Bird is just talking.
  And he's saying stuff like, watch your belongings.
  So like there's no theming.
  There's no theming attempt happening at all.
  There's no like Bap and Danny Elfman Batman score soaring.
  There's none of that.
 Right.
  We don't really check for knives here.
  So careful.
  Watch out for the paradas.
  Knives are in play.
 Be diligent.
  Protect yourself from knives.
  So I think the ride's over there.
  It used to probably be something with Tweety Bird and they just never changed it.
  I think that's it.
  Yeah.
  These people don't give a shit.
  The Hall of Dwahtis.
  Yes, it's the same ride.
  Is the ride over there anyway?  I thought I saw that ride.
  So waiting in line.
  We are.
  We.
  It takes a little while.
  We get in and I think there was an employee outside.
  There was an employee outside.
  The doors open.
  We walk inside into a room where it's a big screen and no employee.
  No.
  Which is just shocking when you go to like Universal or Disney.
  Any room you go into as an employee to tell you where to go to make sure you don't fuck with things.
  In Japan, there's like seven people per ride just at the entrance.
  Hello.
  Yes.
  No one.
  We're in an empty room with a bunch of tourists.
  With ten feet tall statues of the backhand Superman.
  The Holy Trinity.
  Yes.
  Wonder Woman.
  So we turn and we watch a video to prep us for the Justice League ride.
  Yeah.
  I took a little footage of.
  Which you have some footage of and then you made a comment of another PlayStation related comment.
  Oh yeah.
  I was on the brain.
  Well, it looked like PlayStation 3 like cutscene graphics.
  Yes.
  The mouths don't line up.
  But I'll say the added kind of detail to it is it looked like the CGI characters were there against their will.
  Their faces are not happy.
  No.
  And it's long.
  It's a very long.
  And also like Superman and a couple other characters look like Ricky Bobby and Talladega Knight when he doesn't know how to do an interview.
  And their hands are like hovering in a way while they're talking to the screen.
  We're like, what are their hands doing?  Like are they just uncomfortable on camera?  Yeah.
  Superman should be better at talking to the public.
  Whoa.
  And it goes on so long.
  It's like footage from a Killings commercial webs workshop.
  Which will be a second gate eventually.
  Yeah.
 And it's basically just like explaining that Lex Luthor and the Joker are out and they've got some sort of robot.
  What do they call them?  I don't know.
 Jason, you remember robot things?  I remember.
  Well, Luthor, like first the Joker is there and then Luthor like comes down and he explains, like the subtext is like, well, let's just call out the elephant in the room.
  The reason I'm working with the Joker is because he like spends time explaining that.
  He seems awkward on camera too.
  He's a CGI character.
  He's awkward on camera.
  He's uncomfortable.
  He's a super villain, but he doesn't know he didn't take that class.
  Some jitters.
 He's got some jitters.
  It's also should be said this ride is all over the world, but everywhere it's a little different.
  Is that right?  For whatever reason they have duplicated, but not exactly.
  Like some places have less animatronics.
  Some places are just screens.
  Right.
  But it's still called Battle for Metropolis.
  Justice League Battle for Metropolis everywhere.
  It's very straight.
  We need to do a whole second gate episode trying to figure out every iteration of this.
  Yes.
  Our whole main feed episode for that.
  For sure.
  I think you could.
  Yeah, we'll get a lot more out of it with all the specifics.
  So then we go into this other next room.
  The second pre-show room.
  The second pre-show room.
  No employee to be found.
  The second room, there's no employee.
  How are you getting from room to room?  Well, the door does open, but the door first opened for us to go into the first hall or the first room that didn't open properly.
  And the woman in front of us had to like kind of like force it open.
  What?  She had to like put quite a bit of weight so her kids could like kind of like get in.
  You were prying your way into this ride.
  You were troking your way into the Hall of Justice.
  Oh my God.
  You're stealing a car.
  Yeah.
  So we walk into the next room and there's a big cyborg, the character cyborg animatronic.
  Which is cool to see.
  And he's sort of explaining to you what's going to happen.
  And he does what?  Maybe a minute of explanation.
  And everyone in there kind of seems like the other people that were with us all seem maybe like they were like annual pass holders.
  Yeah, no one was listening.
  They didn't give a shit about him.
  They were kind of just waiting for the door to open.
  So when you first walk into the room and you look straight ahead, that's where cyborg is.
  He's kind of like up on a platform and he has he has like the weapons in front of him that you're supposed to use because it's like a Buzz Lightyear shooting type game.
  Everyone just turned their back to him and went to the other door at the back of the room so they can like get ready to queue up.
  I felt like they were protesting him honestly.
  I don't know why.
  Mayor Diplazio, you're a disgrace.
  So we were watching him, but then I also felt like oddly competitive to like jockey for door position.
  Yeah, it was a little tough because it made it felt like they knew something we didn't.
  Yeah, like you can't stand too close to cyborg.
  You start shooting oil in a second.
  And then about a minute into his his speech, he breaks down.
  Yeah, he breaks down and we hear we hear reset.
  We hear reset.
  We hear reset.
  And then there's about a minute that goes by.
  That's just like a human voice.
  It's not like cyborg's father saying reset or something.
  It's not themed.
  It's just an employee being like, oh shit.
  Okay, reset.
  And then a minute goes by, assuming we'll see maybe again.
  And then the doors just open.
  And they did.
  For the next room.
  Whoa.
  Which comes into play a little bit because so we never learned what the ride was like that.
  That to me felt like we heard the narrative in the first room.
  The second room is like, this is what you need to know.
  We never heard what we needed to know.
  And so we got into the line.
  So we'll use.
 Okay, so there's two lines.
  And it said one is regular line and one is single rider.
  And you made the point because we were trying to get it.
  It was already taking too long.
  Everything is too long.
  And we need to get to the full throttle bar at a certain time.
  So Gio was like, hey, you want to just do single rider?  And I was like, oh yeah, that's fine.
  We don't need to sit next to each other or whatever.
  So we're the only two people that go into single rider.
  Everybody else goes in the regular line, which wasn't super long, but whatever.
  Fifty people, sixty people, only people.
  We walk up right up to the front of single rider.
  And there was, I think the most teenish teen working.
  And he looked like he got as white as a ghost when he saw us in the single rider line.
  His eyes were really wide and you can just kind of see what was going on in his brain,  which was someone at some point told me what to do and I've forgotten what to do.
  He did not know what single rider meant.
  He did three, I feel like two, like looking around to see if he could ask someone.
  And he was just like, oh, both single rider.
  And we're like, oh yeah, yeah, both single rider.
  Both single rider.
  OK.
  He went to the regular line and I think you can put three and three in these ride vehicles.
  He went to the regular line, pulled two people out, put them in the front.
  He looked at Gio and I went, OK, he waved both of us over and put both of us in the back of the vehicle.
  Yeah.
  Score.
  That's great when that happens.
  And we were like, OK.
  Because that's like, that's not what you do for a single rider.
  You're supposed to wait till you've fully packed.
  Once in a blue moon I've had that happen.
  Yeah, but that's only to get that line, I think, moving sometimes too.
  Sure, yeah, yeah.
  Because sometimes that keeps working out evenly.
  Let me ask you this.
  Do you think maybe he just turned white as a sheet because he realized the sun was about to set and the ghosts and goblins were about to come out?  It's not even possible.
  The power of the Justice League could keep them contained.
  It's possible.
  It was still like 90 minutes till that was going to happen.
  OK.
  Cyborg's down.
  But there's no doubt it was on his mind.
  Yeah.
  We're only 30 minutes in.
  All right.
  So we get on the ride.
  We're laughing again.
  Like, this is funny.
  We skipped the whole line.
  And we pull hard into the first room.
  And there's the first big screen.
  And we have the guns ready to go.
  And the screen, I think both of us have the same experience.
  I think maybe I realized a second before because I looked in front.
  I was like, this screen is awful blurry.
  Like, I really can't.
  Yeah.
  Like, why is it so?  And I look in front and I go, oh, we're supposed to have 3D glasses.
  Oh, yeah, I do recall that.
  I remember riding it.
  The team.
  No one handed us glasses.
  No one gave us glasses.
  Wow.
  He just sent us off.
  And I'll say there wasn't much.
  I don't know where people in the regular line were getting glasses.
  You may have had to bring them from home.
  Have you seen a real D movie lately?  Just store those up.
  We're low.
  So we're going through.
  We did the whole ride without 3D glasses.
  Everything blurry.
  Laughing the whole way.
  It broke down too.
  And it broke down.
  Oh my God.
  Yeah.
  A couple of times.
  I think I've seen a few sparse animatronics through it.
  Yes.
  But I have to say, when I wrote it a couple of months ago, when I was up there,  there is a room where it's dark.
  And as you come into the room, the lights come up and there's just two goons,  two bad guys in orange jumpsuits.
  And they are holding not ray guns, not slime guns.
  They're just holding assault weapons.
  Yes.
  Shooting right at you.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  In 2019, I was like, it takes a lot to unnerve me, but I was like,  Oh, I don't know about this room.
  I don't know.
  They're like AR-15 holding.
  Watch out.
  We got bump stocks.
  Yeah.
  It's like, Oh, maybe we should put some gizmos or gadgets on those things.
  So it looks like they're shooting rays at me.
  Because you're holding like a NES zapper.
  You are holding like a Marvin the Martian's gun.
  That is inadvertently themed, but to the wrong property.
  Yeah.
  The trigger on mine was very loose.
  It didn't have like a lot of.
.
.
  I don't even.
.
.
  It felt like a broken water gun.
  I wasn't even shooting that much.
  It was okay.
  Yeah.
  It didn't feel like a water gun, honestly.
  It had the recoil of a water gun.
  Yeah.
  And we're shooting.
.
.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, it broke down a couple of times.
  We got stuck on it.
  There's a Joker animatronic, which isn't bad.
  It's a Harley Quinn.
  And a Harley right before you're done.
  There's like a little T.
  She's in the ceiling.
  She sprays you with gas, I think.
  Yes.
  So we get.
.
.
  Fog.
  Fog.
  A mouthful of fog.
  Just a warning of the night to come.
  So she sprays you and then we get up.
  And then the woman collecting the goggles, she tosses the Rubbermaid in your face in the  front row and they put the goggles in.
  And she goes, all right, goggles.
  And we go, we didn't get any.
  And she kind of.
.
.
  She's like, did she like exasperatedly sigh or something?  Yeah.
  She seemed really.
.
.
  It was like, not again.
  Right.
  It seemed like that has happened before.
  Aiden, goddammit.
  Aiden, god.
  What is a ghost?  She goes, hold on.
  Let me see what I can do.
  And we're like, oh no, we got to.
.
.
  We're running.
  We got to go to the full throttle bar.
  She's like, oh, okay.
  She goes, oh, full throttle.
  Very nice.
  I do it twice.
  So, I mean, the day is off to a rollicking start at this point.
  So we go to the full throttle.
  We check in and it's the upstairs of the full throttle lounge.
  And yeah, the VIP area, which downstairs looks like.
.
.
  Kind of like a Buffalo Wild Wings.
  But not as nice probably as a Buffalo Wild Wings.
  I also am a big fan of Buffalo Wild Wings.
  Maybe, yeah, maybe a little cheaper.
  A little cheaper.
  Not so bad.
  But they're very spread.
  So there's a spread up there.
  You know, you got a couple drinks, which is really great.
  We got orange Dreamsicle milkshakes in a skull glass.
  God, fuck off.
  In a layup skull.
  Yeah.
  Geo didn't drink all of his.
  No, I couldn't.
  I drank all of mine.
  I could drink all of yours.
  Did you doggybag it for me?  I did think.
.
.
  I asked, do you think Jason maybe would want the cup?  And we were trying to figure out how to.
.
.
  You abandoned your cup, but I took mine.
  I carried mine through every maze.
  That's true.
  Which also is.
.
.
  Which is funny enough, I'm sure I'll talk about it again.
  I had a cup that was similar from Horror Nights that I carried through every maze.
  And they're the same cup.
  Only one is slightly bigger and says Six Flags on it.
  But they're the same skull with the same thing and the same light up effect.
  So what you're saying is you have a set.
  Yes, I do.
  So when you and Lindsay have your little, you know, five o'clock somewhere.
  Glad the work day is done unwinding.
  Spooky five o'clock somewhere.
  Spooky five o'clock somewhere.
  You have a set.
  You have a full throttle lounge at home.
  So we get that there's a.
.
.
  That's the case then.
  You can't have soap in any of your bathrooms.
  Empty throttles.
  Am I getting ahead of myself when we went to the coffin challenge first?  Yeah, that's true.
  Let's go back for a second.
  When we passed to get.
.
.
  I feel like a lot of our daytime was doubling back because it's unclear how to navigate a lot of this park.
  So we went past to get to full throttle.
  We went past what was something called the coffin challenge.
  The 30 hour coffin challenge.
  Yeah.
  Am I the only one who knows about 30 hour coffin challenge?  Have you participated?  No, I just know this is a thing Six Flags does every year.
  Really?  Where you try to spend 30 hours in a coffin and I forget what the prize is.
  We know what the prize is.
  Right.
  And we heard it as we were walking through.
  So the way that it's set up is you walk up a ramp and then the coffins are in the middle of a little area and you can walk around them in a little sidewalk.
  How would you say, eight or nine are there?  And then they have a dry erase board with the rankings.
  It's unclear how the rankings work.
  Mike and I have deduced that you were maybe penalized for using the bathroom, like getting out of your coffin to like use the restroom or something, because it has times next to the rankings.
  Okay.
  It was pee in the coffin.
  Well, so we're walking around them and there's like a guy in the mic and he's like, coffin challenge.
  Hour 26 of the coffin challenge.
  Like come back in four hours to see who wins.
  And then he says the grand prize, $666 and an annual pass to Six Flags.
  And then as he's saying, because like Mike and I are horrified that that's what the prize is.
  We think people are doing this for at least like five grand.
  Or a stripped down Chevy Cruze or like something like something like and as the guy says that a woman pops her head out of one of her coffins and smiles and waves at us.
  I was just like, that made me want to leave fast.
  I was like, get out of here.
  Did she get docked points for sitting up?  I tell you what, she shouldn't have been waving at us.
  Stop waving.
  Get back in your coffin.
  A guy in a skeleton mask like whipped the coffin.
  A lot of them were sleeping.
  Yeah.
  Like were tucked away.
  You were like, you were like, it's bad for you to lie down that long.
  Yeah, well, yeah, I said like if you're in a hospital bed, like for a prolonged period, you got to get up and move.
  And if you're incapable of doing that, then they bring in these sleeves for your legs to like massage your legs to create circulation.
  And something's telling me Six Flags didn't provide those teams coming into massage their legs.
  Go back to sleep, coffin challengers.
  We know it sure get off.
  We forgot.
  We forgot to go back to see one.
  We had to do it, but then we got to sidetracked the rest of the night.
  We got lost.
  We got lost.
  Yeah.
  OK, so we walked around there.
  Sixty six.
  Wow.
  Six hundred sixty six.
  Hey, like it's like six days rent.
  Yeah, that's what I.
  That's like if you worked a part time job and you were like, oh, twenty two hours an hour, thirty hours a week.
  This job.
  Yeah, that's a nice deal.
  I feel I mean, I almost feel like I'm sure those people probably need that money.
  And I'm like, I feel bad even like knocking, but it's like Six Flags is the problem.
  Give them at least a couple grand for God's sake.
  Yeah.
  You're going to lie down on your goddamn amusement park for 30 hours.
  Ten years from now, we'll all be doing the coffin challenge for money.
  For jobs, maybe whoever lasts this long will get a job.
  I are some painters, Six Flags, but be able to work.
  OK, so we're back at the full throttle lounge.
  And when we checked in, I think part of the confusion was we we got a bracelet and a badge and the badge was like a media badge.
  And then the bracelet, as they put it on, they asked each of us if we were twenty one and over.
  Right.
 Yes.
  And so we assumed that was to have access to alcohol at full throttle.
  But it turned out to be our fast pass.
  Right.
 Which we never figured it.
  We didn't figure out till like the last hour.
  It wasn't clear.
 It wasn't clear.
  So and yeah, so we went, we ate some of the food.
  Some was better than others.
  There was a hot wing that was very hot, which I liked.
  I thought it was pretty good.
  There was some like it was there was Takis.
  Yeah.
 Pork and like a nacho cheese.
  I don't know.
 They call it walking.
  She called it.
 She goes, don't forget your walking zombie.
  Taki.
 That's what she said.
  Walking.
 You like a play on walking.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Don't forget your fried fog.
  So I'm a little bit of a like eating these sorts of things is like not easy for me.
  So I ended up for dinner eating a pudding cup and a beer.
  Well, not a pudding cup, a dirt cup.
  A dirt cup.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  With gummy worm in it and then a little bit of the milkshake.
  I tell you the mango cart beer though from Golden Road.
  Great.
 Great.
  It's like a fruit.
 It just tastes like juice.
  Yeah.
 That's what we want.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I had I had two of the drinks.
  You had one and then I tried to redeem your extra ticket so I could get another drink in before.
  But then it was they pulled it all down.
  So that was too bad.
  A drink that's mostly sherbet.
  Yeah.
  It's good.
  You're preferred mixer.
  One percent alcohol.
  So I remember when I went out to use the I had to leave to use the restroom to find like a sink that had soap.
  Yeah.
 Sure.
  And when I walked outside, I overheard I wrote it down over a dad.
  So this is a dad telling his kid I'm walking to the bathroom and he's walking with me and he turns back and this dad tells his kid, watch your brother.
  I have to take a shit.
  It took my breath away.
  How young are the kids?  I would say the kid that was being told to watch his other brother was maybe like early middle school.
  And the little kid, maybe I would say seven, eight.
  Sorry, it's not up to your high standards, your highness.
  This limousine liberal looking for hand soap in a bathroom.
  So you came back upstairs.
  I think I tried to wash my hands.
  I think it was just that upstairs bathroom is too small.
  It was packed.
  Too slick for like it's child style.
  You didn't fit in it.
  Well, yeah, no, it was tiny.
  It was like a hobbit size.
  No, it was like it was just like maybe one stall and there were so many people.
  There were so many press people up there and I was looking for I think what would you say of the people I know in the theme park community that I know everyone with?  Like, did you watch this video?  Did you listen to this?  I didn't see anybody I knew.
  These are all new theme park journalist related people.
  No fresh baked.
  No fresh baked Disney.
  No cabbie hat in sight.
  Not a cabbie hat in sight.
  Yeah, you're me.
  I experienced this because I took a tour of this roller coaster area.
  They're building.
  And I was like, oh, the theme park journalism world breaks into different categories because there's just people who follow the roller like the roller coaster enthusiasts.
  I think that's what the world.
  It's a whole other world.
  And I was trying.
  I was.
  Yeah, I was looking for your big names in my mind, but these might be big names in the coaster community or the I have to look the haunt community.
  Right.
  I have to look into a whole new section.
  There were like 60 people, 70 people up there.
  We never run into the bumper car boys because they are bumper car primarily.
  Yeah, right.
  God, because I don't want to see those little shits.
  Yeah, there would be a big fight.
  Yeah, that would be a big.
  They better stick to bumper.
  Thank God Disney doesn't have a lot of bumper cars.
  Though there is a funny.
  I mean, if we run into it, it would end up turning into like the anchorman fight only with theme park journalists.
  Fresh baked Disney gets a blade.
  Jim and Len have a big mace.
  Yeah, everybody's splashing mostly non alcoholic.
  Yeah, right.
  But drinks in each other's eyes and running away in terror, stabbing each other with commemorative pins run away.
  Sorry, sorry, sorry.
  So anyway, so yeah, we it was crowd crowd.
  We had to sit with another table with some nice folks who were one in a blog.
  So we were getting told by we're getting she was the woman we had sat down with was telling us don't listen to what they'll tell you where to go after this.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, her tone was really like, just take the tram up to the top and then start there because they were telling us to go to when they unleash the monster, the 7 p.
m.
 ceremony of unleashing the monsters.
  So she was like, yeah, you can't really say.
  But we were like, we got to see the monsters get unleashed.
  So we were we were like some of the last people in there and then the woman in charge kind of came by and was like, we got come on.
  Like she was definitely like, we got to go see the monsters be unleashed, which that to me, I thought the entire night was going to be like ushering like that because she was so I was wondering if that would be out of it.
  She was like, OK, like almost like the last bus is leaving type vibe.
  But then once we went to the monster, I mean, maybe they were anticipating the monsters to be so so unleashed because we did not really have guidance after that.
  Yes.
 Right.
 There were no, which is good.
  I mean, that's what horror nights was was.
  So that was good.
 It was good.
  The moving marched through everything.
  So we went it was back by D.
C.
 We walk all the way back to D.
C.
  And then at 7 p.
m.
 it's the unleashing of the monsters, which I have a video of it.
  I don't know.
 I guess I'll not show up.
 I'll post it.
  And then it's too scary for us.
  It's still daytime, though.
  So there's that.
  But all the monsters come out set to like heavy metal music.
  And I have to imagine that they were all so jacked up.
  I imagine that it's like I'm not even being like ironic or anything.
  Like it must be like, hell yeah, we're doing it.
  The opening night of the season.
  Yeah, they may have regretted it three hours into signing up for this job, which I think is what we when we ran into a few scare actors later, I was like, they're regretting this decision already.
  Yeah, they were like jacked up and it was packed.
  Also, it was like it was like they were running a race and it was like it did have a cheering.
  I'm on.
  I just describe it.
 It felt like they were we were like lined up at a marathon and they were like all coming out.
  But they weren't hard like, yes, one guy's had these would you like sparks like these kind of like spark makers on their palms and on their knees.
  So like when they slide on them, yes, they cause like some sparking.
  Oh, yeah.
  Show.
  Yeah, that's like a whole show that goes on.
  Oh, OK.
  Nice barkers, sliders of the night.
  I think you might be.
  Yeah, that's honors.
  Are you sure that's a classified as a show?  On the website it is.
  Does it say show or is it because some of the things I was getting confused there really all that means is that for about 30 feet, there'll be some performers like there's a hypnotist.
  Oh, so it is listed under shows.
  Yeah, yeah, they break it down to like, yeah, we saw that.
  Unleashed voodoo nights, sliders of the night, like so the entertainment, I think maybe they just call it entertainment.
  That's why I think I don't know that there's a full show because there's some of the things that are listed on that.
  But it turns out like there was like a fairy tale thing and I was expecting a Mazer show and it was just literally an 70 feet of walkway with three or four scare characters and a ton of fog.
  Isn't that technically what a scare zone is?  Yes.
  Yeah, OK.
  Maybe it's just a scare zone.
  I don't know.
 I actually I don't know though.
  So what is a slider of the night slider of the sliders of the night.
  Yeah, so different than sliders of the day.
  We're all accustomed to and love sliders of the day.
  So what riders on the moon?  Right.
  We are strangers in the night.
  Strangers in the night.
  Riders on the storm.
  Riders on the storm.
  Riders on the storm.
  Sliders in the night.
  Yes.
  Changing changing sparking the I saw a slider of the night because I would say they're the most amped.
  Here I'm showing you the video of the doesn't look like anything here.
  OK, here they come.
  Show Jason.
  Take it.
  Oh my God.
  So they are really running and sliding.
  There is a super tall clown and people are going nuts.
  Yeah, yeah.
  People were flipping and the difference.
  And I say this from the from having going to horror nights a couple of nights prior.
  The difference at as we were saying teasing earlier, the difference is the amount of teens that are at Six Flags because teens shriek,  teens yell and shriek.
  So the amount of yelling and shrieking was times 10 of a horror nights.
  I would say for every time I was startled by a scare actor, I was scared by the scream of a teenager.
  Yes, that is yes.
  That would happen.
  There was a couple when they were just like the teens were screaming so loud and aggressively that I was like, I keep getting like, well, I'm just reacting to this teen.
  This teen is causing me.
  I mean, I'm more scared of teens than I am by anything that a fright night could bring in.
  Man, well, you should never even just walking in my neighborhood.
  I'll avoid eye contact with a teen.
  I don't know anything about this.
  The genre of person.
  Yeah, I wouldn't be scared of teens anymore.
  Once I had been one and no, I'm more scared now.
  As if I'm just going to if I did make eye contact, they would just arbitrarily kick my ass.
  Yeah, especially like the cool neighborhood like Silver Lake, Los Feliz, the cool neighborhoods in L.
A.
  teens like I remember being at a Mexican restaurant like a taco stand over at Mixed Oh and like a teen skateboarded up once they were holding an American apparel bag and then they ordered and I'm like this 14 year old could kick my ass.
  Like I was just like what growing up in like the cool air.
  What does that do to your brain?  Shove your head into that American apparel bag, tighten the straps and choke you to death.
  I yeah, I'm still I want teens approval.
  I'm fast like I at the teen and off early 20s person.
  I'm still like, do you think I'm too old?  Like, do you think I'm cool?  Like, I'm still looking for like approval from like the cool kids from high school.
  It's still in my brain.
  It's weird.
  And in this quest, I think.
  OK, that's fair.
  I think you're right about it.
  I don't know what you gain.
  It's not.
  When's the point where you feel like I did it?  Teens love me.
  I don't know.
  Enough be enough.
  I'm like my Nickelodeon.
  I don't know.
  I'm like a funny dad on a Nickelodeon show.
  There's a new older brother on Bazaar.
  Varg.
  He's way old.
  The oldest brother.
  Old as fuck.
  Yeah, it's all still the all the problems.
  I have the vibe that they can't even see us.
  Like the scare actors?  No, the teens.
  Oh, like we were just so old they didn't even recognize us.
  Yeah, like they is like I found myself like almost like gawking at like like just like the way they interact and like how you're observing them.
  Yeah, I was just like so I go and I I really don't think they ever like noticed me.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I know what you're saying.
  I mean, they have to have noticed us.
  But yes, I.
  I just say the secret phrase.
  You guys want some bootleg jewel pods?  Still got mango.
  Still got mango.
  You want some mango?  You guys want to buy some cat?  You should have come up with us.
  You could have made some.
  The secret team code word.
  Ketamine.
  You should really go up to Valencia and the parking lot.
  Oh, sure.
  Make some extra coin.
  Make some extra coin with your side business.
  Your side jewel business.
  Hangs out with us anymore.
  Jewel pods.
  He just wants to hang with his Valencia team friends.
  Sorry, he's got him grinding, you know, always working.
  You look like Steve Buscemi on 30 Rock.
  Hello, skateboard.
  You got the soap shoes that you grind on the curbs with.
  Oh, yeah.
  Blast some Billy Eilish, y'all.
  This slaps.
  So the opening ceremony.
  The opening ceremony, the monsters have been unleashed, and then they go through that parade, and then it's cool.
  I mean that sincerely.
  Then they come past the barriers.
  Yeah.
  And they explode into the park, which is fun.
  That's a fun way to get them all where they're going.
  Because then they're terrorizing teens.
  Like just shrieking, people running, like the teens running away from the performers.
  And it was nice though, is because the teens took the heat off of us.
  Yeah, that's true.
  They're just going for the people that are going to scream the most, and they're just like, well, these two older fellows.
  These two are just waiting for their kids to get out of the bathroom.
  Yeah.
  These two are more concerned about if they're getting enough lycopene, and they're multi-funny.
  That's what scares them.
  That's the real scare zone.
  Joint pain.
  This vector of prostate-ish.
  Real monsters are in my body.
  Speaking of one thing I just remembered, the sliders of the night going hard.
  One slider of the night went really hard in front of me.
  Oh yeah.
  And so it's really aggressive, and they spark, and then they hop back up, and they kind of get in your face.
  And the guy slid, and he hopped up, and then he kind of just gingerly grabbed his wrist, and he goes, oh shit, God.
  He kind of shook it off, and he bailed on scaring me.
  He just goes, ooh.
  Opening night.
  He went too hard.
  He went too hard.
  He went too hard.
  He might not work there anymore.
  It might have been if.
  I think half the scare actors that we saw don't work there anymore.
  I agree.
  Well, in fact, we saw one still in costume carrying his under armor backpack and just leave.
  But low key trying to scare us in a way, I think.
  A little.
  Because I turned around, and there was this guy in his mask at the end of the night right behind me.
  But then he just kind of moved past us, and he had his backpack on and his full scare actor outfit on.
  But who knows?  Might just have poor vision.
  That's a good point.
  He couldn't see out of the mask.
  How close he was.
  So.
  Then we went to double cyclone.
  Whatever.
  Twisted Colossus.
  Twisted Colossus we went to.
  So I said, oh, because we just had Rachel Blum on, and she raved about Twisted Colossus.
  And I honestly thought Twisted Colossus is going to be a fast new coaster.
  And new coasters generally are smooth.
  And I was like, you know what?  That's good.
  Because again, I'm not a huge coaster guy, and I like some of them.
  And it takes me a little while to get used to them.
  So I felt like that was going to be a new coaster.
  It's going to be fast, and it's going to really set the tone.
  And I'll be like, OK, good.
  I can do all these things.
  It's not going to be a problem.
  Catapult, you were wrong.
  Yeah.
  Colossus has been there forever.
  Well, the Twisted Colossus.
  Right.
  Well, Colossus has been there forever.
  And then they made a Twisted Colossus because they made it a hybrid coaster.
  Right.
 But I'm saying this is a new coaster.
  So it feels like it should be a new track.
  It is.
  Yeah.
  Well, I'm just saying that I was right about it being a new coaster.
  It used to be just one track.
  It used to just be a regular wooden coaster.
  Right.
  And now they put you're on a steel track.
  So it's a mix of wood and steel.
  Right.
  I couldn't tell it was so dark.
  I was wrong about it being a good tone setter and smooth and not horrifying.
  It was intense.
  So we're waiting in line.
  And again, we didn't realize we could have just hopped the line, but that's fine.
  And so, okay, so we get in and I probably mentioned this before.
  You know the seat on the Mummy at Universal, the seat that kind of juts up, like kind of puts pressure, and I hate to be so vulgar, but puts pressure on your balls.
  Like, you know, do you agree that that happens to you a little bit?  Yeah, it's like a lap.
  But it's like this.
  It's like there's a ridge.
  So you're kind of up on an angle a little bit.
  In an annoying way.
  Yeah.
  Do you know if you've done the Mummy here?  It didn't make you shoot.
  It wasn't good.
  This really is the second good.
  Yeah, we get a little crazier.
  And I have a problem sometimes where, and this is too much information, I'm sorry, but I'll try to be clean about it.
  I have a problem with that.
  I feel like my lower extremities are like pushing into my body in an uncomfortable way sometimes, depending on how I sit down.
  So on Mummy now I'm kind of used to the way the seat is, and I can position myself in a way that is at least much more comfortable than like the first or second time I did it.
  I was not prepared for this.
  And you're not alone.
  It was so uncomfortable.
  Because you're stepping off of a platform down into a coaster car.
  And so you can't, it's not a normal way to sit.
  Like you're not falling into the seat normally.
  So you can't really adjust yourself in an appropriate way.
  And then like once you're in there, you're so focused on your impending death.
  Like if you don't like get strapped in correctly.
  And we also have stuff.
  You would like your sunglasses and I had my skeleton head mug and there's a we go.
  Oh, there's a little pouch in the front that you just put your stuff in.
  So I sit down and I'm not fully adjusted yet, but I'm just trying to get everything done because it's we're very aware now that maybe everyone's not taking such good care of you.
  Yes.
 So I just want to make sure I'm seated and good and everything's secure because I know that maybe no one's looking out for me except for me.
  No, yeah, the teens like don't care.
  The sliders of the night are out.
  You know, death is an alien concept to them.
  Yes, they do not fear death yet.
  They have no like we do.
  They have no issues.
  And there's a teen running the ride who sounds like a 4-H fairground pig auctioneer.
  Like he is he is like he's just so speaking so fast.
  You can't understand a word.
  You don't know what the fuck the protocol is on this.
  So we sit in the ride and we're deducing like, OK, here's the pouch.
  And then Mike hands me his mug and he goes, no, no.
  So I try to put the mug.
  So I try to put the mug in the pouch.
  Right.
 And we both try to put stuff in the pouch.
  The pouch is about this big.
  But the problem with the pouch is that all four corners are bolted down, leaving the pouch.
  My fucking sunglasses didn't fit in the pouch.
  You know what you're supposed to put in the pouch.
  What else would go in?  Are there cubbies at the station?  No.
  Sometimes there's cubbies.
  You could put maybe like some of your important documents.
  If they were folded in half.
  Like loose change and guitar picks.
  Like that's like all that thing.
  So I'm like trying to like.
  There's not even a chance the mug fits in.
  It's big.
  There's not even a chance.
  Your sunglasses.
  So now we're panicked.
  Because everyone's seated and you see people's harnesses going down.
  Restraints.
 So we're like, both of us are panicked.
  So we're trying to like, there's a teen that walks by.
  He's going to check everything.
  And we try to just hand him our stuff to put up because we notice people are throwing like bags just on the side.
  Which happens in certain rides.
  Literally throwing.
  Right.
 People are throwing and getting back on.
  So we try to give him to the teen and he's like, I can't take them.
  You got to get out of the car and go do it.
  So I do I you make two trips.
  I don't know why.
  He handed me the mug and I tried to hand it to the teen.
  He said, I can't take it.
  And I go, oh, you can.
  Almost as if I thought he was saying like.
  Like I don't want to break it.
  Yeah.
 And I'm like, no, it's okay.
  It's okay.
 You can take it.
  And he goes, no, I can't.
  And so then I had to get out of the car.
  On the left side of the track and put it down.
  And then.
  Then you wanted to get rid of your sunglasses.
  And then I realized my sunglasses didn't fit in the fucking pouch.
  And so I had to get out of the thing again.
  And at this point, like it feels like I know this isn't true.
  The guy in the mic is like saying three, two, one blast off.
  I am like I'm freaking out.
  And so he's like, I'm like I'm putting my glasses down.
  All right.
 I can't remember what I'm doing.
  And then I'm like, what did I say?  I was like, you like swore at the team.
  You like you got like so.
  Not him.
  But you were like you were like, I just need to know what the fuck is fucking going on.
  You said something like that.
  Because you were so close.
  And I was supposed to, too, because again, like I'm I'm trying to figure out these this restraint.
  And I again, I have the same fear like you're going to like step into the car and the thing is going to take off with your leg or something.
  It feels like that.
  In your guys' defense, this is a twisted ride.
  And you did just deal with the Clown Prince of Crime himself, the Joker.
  Yeah.
 So I mean, it's in the air.
  Yeah, there's madness in the air and fog.
  Pineapple, pia colada flavored fog.
  I definitely swore.
  I don't think it was directed at the team, but I definitely was like to myself was like, I can't hear what this guy's fucking saying.
  Like he's speaking too fast.
  And so then I'm getting in and I run in the same problem Mike's getting with like your crotch area.
  And then I'm not convinced my seat belt is none of it felt so secure.
  Nothing felt so secure.
  And I was again, I was distracted by what's going on with you.
  And I'm trying to get seated.
  I'm still like, oh shit, it just feels like it's like crushing my groin, my my genitals.
  And I'm just like, oh, God, like in like like especially like my pain, like like my pain.
  Like I hate to say my penis is like being forced back into my body.
  The girl and twister.
  And then what happens is and then what happens is a teen walks by on the other side and I had already.
  So the restraints on this are just on your thighs.
  They're not on your body, your upper body.
  It's just on your thighs, which was going to play into the how crazy the coaster is.
  I had had the thing down on my thighs.
  A teen comes in, cranks it down on my legs, even making the issue with my penis worse.
  So it's it's crushing my lower extremities.
  And I'm trying to get out of I'm trying to like move it and like figure out a way that this is going to be comfortable.
  And you're and I can just like see you're like seeing like white.
  Do you like you're not even with me.
  I think.
 Yeah, Mike's dick's getting crushed.
  I think that I almost would prefer to have been crushed because I'm convinced I'm flying out of this thing.
  Like and so it just goes, it just just goes.
  And I'm still I'm just like wiggling around in this.
  There's barely any room and we don't even have any idea what we're in for.
  We have no idea.
  It's all part of all of this part is all what we're concerned about.
  And it's a slow it's a pretty slow ascent.
  And it wasn't even that this is another thing with the coaster.
  I was like, well, it doesn't even look like as tall as the other one.
  So it's probably not going to be as bad.
  And we get to the top and I didn't even know there's a gimmick like this, but it's similar to what and I haven't done it yet.
  Hang time at knots, which just droops you over the side of the first lift hill and hangs you there for what feels like your whole life.
  Let's say long enough to look in the distance and see the little brown shack where Mike's car is plugged in.
  The marauders have arrived.
  It's being stripped for parts.
  Steering wheel.
  I need that.
  My last like moment on earth was going to be looking at that shack.
  You could have turned around and it should have been the sign.
  So it feels so you hang off of it and it's such an interesting feeling.
  And I'm going to do not scary in a few days.
  And I plan to try hang time.
  And I think it's going to be similar.
  But I think you've said it best is that and maybe you were not talking about this moment, but this is a moment in the right when your brain releases.
  The death chemical.
  Yes, but just to make you euphoric, because what this is it obviously.
  Right.
  If you were like on the plains thousands of years ago and you a big cat was going to eat you, your brain would just give you a little squirt of like, you get ready for it.
  Yeah, like you're done for.
  It's really interesting because I do.
  I totally agree with what you're saying, because as it was happening, my brain is one.
  OK, like, well, whatever.
  Like I was truly like euphoric in a weird way because of how insane the feeling was like because remember you're not strapped in chest wise.
  It's just your thighs.
  So imagine you're like being pulled over and there's not even this feeling of OK, I'm safe locked into the car.
  You're being pulled over and then it just feels like your top part of your body is loose.
  So that sensation is really what is doing it is really what's making you feel like, oh, this is it.
  And in my case, my top and bottom were no loose.
  I felt I was too much.
  I had too much movement.
  And so, yes, you were loose.
  I was way too tight.
  So the podcast is over.
  Anthony Geo died in pursuit of a story.
  I just couldn't do it anymore.
  He would be too sick or like he would have wanted us to go on.
  He was really serious.
  Surprise the right.
  I was three guys.
  I'm always RIP.
  I'm RIP.
  Give it up for him.
  We as long as you guys get one of those big ornate like back window decals of my birthdate, my death date.
  You're in the loco now.
  The loco is a dedication to you.
  Angelic glow.
  We would have had to have some sort of a spirit of you come back in an episode.
  That could have been an idea.
  Yeah, it's an idea.
  Ghostly version of you on the other side.
  So we'll finish this section of the story.
  One second.
  I believe if the park was smaller and we weren't exhausted from walking to try to find each maze, we may have done this again.
  Yeah, I considered it.
  There was something so perverse about the experience.
  And like I admit it, like admittedly, it is like a little fucked up.
  But like there's something about it that was so haunting in the coaster was like fantastic.
  Like it was so.
  So yes.
  Yes, exactly.
  So it wasn't like it was without fun, but there was so much surrounding it that was so stressful.
  That was so unbelievable.
  So yeah, what happens is you shoot down and this is like these are curves and turns and like I've never imagined before.
  And all of it is designed without the chest piece to make you feel like you could fly out of the coaster.
  You get air time.
  You get air time so much.
  So you you whip around and whip up.
  And I was just giggling like an asshole the whole time because you just you don't know.
  I couldn't catch my breath.
  I didn't know what was happening.
  It was so unbelievable.
  And then, which I didn't realize before either, you go on it twice.
  You immediately go on it twice.
  You go to the second.
  You go back to the lift hill on the other track.
  Right.
  So I sort of thought we were done.
  I don't think I realized that's what was happening until you just said it.
  Really?  I really didn't realize.
  You remember doing a lift hill twice.
  Yeah, I just thought we were a different part of it, I guess.
  But that was the same lift.
  Same exact lift hill.
  It was just on the green track.
  You start on the blue track and start on the green track.
  It's not a racing thing.
  You do both of them.
  You do both of them.
  This is where I was.
  Sometimes I think they both go at the same time, but I don't know that we really like they passed.
  I know people say sometimes they pass each other because they both like one goes over and one goes under.
  I don't know if we had that happen.
  That being said, I don't remember a lot of the experience, so it's possible it happened.
  I was just like only remembering every 10 seconds of it.
  So we go up to the now we're on the green lift hill.
  It's the same lift hill.
  And I will say I start having an unreasonable panic attack that I won't be able to pull my genitals out of the ride.
  You wanted to do this ride again.
  Yes.
  And I'm not.
  Fortune favors the bold.
  I am not exaggerating.
  I am not exaggerating for the sake of comedy.
  I'm just having a little bit of a mild panic attack that like something's wrong.
  Something's wrong.
  And I know I keep knowing that it's not.
  I keep knowing that it's of course it's fine.
  Like it's not going to disappear.
  That's your stuff is not going to disappear forever.
  But I am like, oh, God, because like it's so I'm so like freaked out after the first ride that I and I have to calm myself down.
  And then it goes away.
  It goes away once we go on the next hill, which is the same situation of your the death chemical being released and going, oh, I'm dead.
  And then that one is an even better track because there's a long stretch where you're upside down.
  Doesn't you feel like weightless?  You know, you remember that?  Yeah.
  Like you just go upside.
  You turn upside down so fast and go weightless.
  And I just remember like, like, what is this?  This is insane.
  It's like a tight corkscrew.
  Yes.
  It's so tight.
  It's insane.
  And then we get off the ride and another we're just like we're fucked up.
  We're both like fucked up from it.
  And we're both like we need a second to recalibrate.
  Do you remember the first thing we saw when we walked out?  No.
  So we we walk out and we're both kind of like, you know, trying to basically explain what each felt and kind of pause and we turn and we look and we we see a teen with his mouth.
  On a fog machine like and then he pulls up and he blows it like he was like sucking the fog.
  He has a big fog flu.
  Oh man.
  Do you remember that?  I don't even remember that.
  I think I thought somebody was just vaping.
  No, because I saw him in the bushes put his mouth.
  So the joke I made earlier was actually a thing I saw and didn't realize.
  That is a vapor.
  That is a YouTube vapor who probably makes more than any of us in a year.
  It's more money combined.
  You really should become a YouTube vapor.
  Oh, yeah.
  My lungs would be jacked to do that.
  I love that.
  Start working on it.
  Make it.
  Figure out how to make a skull.
  But yeah, to come off something, be like, oh man, that felt insane.
  And like it was like equal parts like not fun, but fun.
  And just to see like a careless teen suck up a fog machine and blow it out for his like kind of paying attention.
  I'm not.
  I'm struggling to connect with the part of the story where you want to return to six.
  Well, I'll say.
  Well, OK, so immediately we both kind of acknowledge that because I said like the ride actually didn't.
  Other than my the problem with the seating, it didn't hurt.
  It was smooth.
  It was scary, but it wasn't like my neck hurt.
  It wasn't like some of those knots, things where you're like jacked up afterward necessarily.
  And your balls and dick are inside your body now.
  But they're fine.
  They'll unleash slowly over like seven or eight weeks.
  Yeah, it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
  Just like pop.
  But I'm a life would be much simpler if my genitals were destroyed by a roller coaster.
  Is that a cup of coffee?  The Sun Also Rises Part Two roller coaster hijinks.
  Finally focus on my studies, becoming a better man.
  No more childish pursuits.
  My butterfly collection.
  Finally, I could focus.
  Mike, you're going to say that you're going to have to go back to Six Flags on the day they're running the coaster backwards to get your penis to like pop back out.
  Good as new.
  So what?  So where did you head?  Did you go to a maze?  Yes.
  This is going to be three and a half hours.
  I'm sorry.
  I'll get lunch and come back.
  You guys get you guys want anything?  No, I'm good.
  So we're okay.
  So we walk in.
  There's a scare zone there with the fog.
  It's funny that I didn't realize that kids suck the fog.
  And then we wander for a while because it's hard.
  Even though there's a map, it's hard to tell.
  Very difficult to tell.
  And we didn't have a good idea of the land during the day.
  Yes, because this is so this is a very spread out park.
  Yes, very, very spread out.
  And there are elevations.
  So there's a mountain.
  It's why I didn't realize that at all.
  It's like a playful tower esque.
  The King's Island, Kings Dominion parks had to have this too, where there's like a big lookout tower.
  You know, you know who that was originally built for?  Hugh Hefner.
  What?  We looked into this.
  What was the story?  It is.
  That is real.
  He wanted it to be a he commissioned this roller coaster company to build a big tower for one of his Playboy lounges.
  OK.
  And when they finished building it, he was like, now that looks like ugly shit.
  And he didn't want it.
  And so then Six Flags was like, well, take it.
  And that's like that is the tower.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Am I wrong here? Mike, is that right?  That's right.
 I'm looking at it again.
  Yeah.
 It was built for Hugh Hefner.
  And yes, the whole night, Mike and I were like, what is that?  Like, is it a ride?  Are you allowed to go up?  It's just it hasn't been worked.
  It's not working.
  It hasn't worked in years.
  The elevator isn't up to code.
  Yeah.
 And they don't want to fix it.
  I should say when I was up there for an event, it was a couple of days after those earthquakes we had.
  Oh, no.
  So didn't seem like a lot of those coasters were running.
  Like, I think Colossus started running as I was walking back to my car.
  I was like, oh, OK.
  Yeah.
  Like, huh.
  Yeah.
 The towers feels like the right kind of earthquake will take it down.
  A lot of things here.
  And I and so we were before we knew it was an attraction that was just wasn't open.
  We were speculating like, what is this giant tower?  And the conclusion I came to, that's where the oldest teen stays and just watches over the park.
  The king of the teens, king and queen of the teens.
  We went to sewer souls next, right?  Yeah.
 We went to sewer of souls and sewer of souls had 3D glasses, which I thought was fun.
  That's cool.
  And this is where we met the king of teens.
  Yeah.
 He came down from the tower.
  So we were wandering around up there and I was like, I need like any sort of mild buzz I had, of course, gone.
  Like just erased by my adrenaline.
  And I was like, is there like a can you get a drink?  There's nowhere to be found up on this hill eating or drinking.
  Maybe a water you could get somewhere.
  There's like a beer garden by Justice League, but you cannot leave the beer pen.
  Well, we went back there.
 Yes, we would do that.
  So we were up there and I'm asking a few, I think we asked a person or two, like, is there a place to get?  And they're like, they don't seem to know.
  They're not very sure or they just don't want to talk to us.
  And then we also was unclear because we had the VIP passes because of the press and we didn't know where to go.
  So we were wondering, we went to the front of the of the sewer of souls and we found an employee and we were like, oh, is this where the like the fast pass line is?  And he and we were blown away because he went, oh, yeah, right this way.
  He goes, you know what? Follow me.
 I'm going to show you exactly what you want.
  And we were looking at each other.
 We were like, oh, my God, I couldn't believe that.
  Give this man a right.
 This kid should be running the whole park.
  He was future president.
  Future president of Six Flags.
  He also directed you towards a restroom.
  Yes, he told me everything I needed to know in an efficient manner very quickly.
  He was taking a shit.
  Yes, he helped me.
  He's where you can leave your kid and tell the other kid to watch him while you take a shit.
  Your shitty kids can wait while you take a shit.
  And we got to sewer of souls and we were like, I mean, we kept talking about that kid for like 30 minutes.
  We were so blown away by him.
  We were enamored.
  Sewer of souls, pretty, the 3D was actually kind of a fun gimmick.
  I would say like a black light heavy 3D experience.
  Yes.
 And this is where Gio learned my technique of following the teens very closely so I wouldn't get the jump scares.
  Yes.
 So basically what Mike does is he will like, because there's two of us, we would go in with a group almost.
  I don't think it was always teens.
 Yeah, right.
 It was always in the early 20s.
  Yeah.
 And so he like really gravitates to them as they go early because because he's so far ahead, I was just kind of like trailing.
  You were getting all the scares.
  What's that? You would get like the scares.
  I would get like residual scares because like they would reset.
  But if the timing wasn't right for a couple of the mazes, I was just seeing the resets, which is like kind of me just kind of going by like, oh, hello.
  And like a teen like crouching behind a concrete block.
  Nice.
  The sewer souls, I'll say, kind of a cool aesthetic, but yes, they it really, how do I say it, really fires off the grand finale early because when you first walk in.
  Oh, right.
 Yes.
  And I felt like it was unfairly deliberate.
  They had a heavy set scare actor.
  Yes.
  Standing in front of a giant mound of shit.
  And the implication being like that that's his.
  And the sewer.
  Also, there were no other.
  The shit was an animatronic, but I don't have a better word for it.
  There were no other like moldings.
  Yes.
 Like that.
  It threw me off.
  Like the first thing you see is like the size of that couch, amount of shit and then nothing really ever after that.
  Yeah, it was.
  That was the shit was the climax.
  Yes.
  That we saw.
  Yeah.
  It's the first thing you see.
  Because a lot of the mazes, you know, not to something that have a big like puppet or something at the end and like that's the big finale.
  So like you could imagine the big shit would be at the end.
  It's the sewer of souls.
  You got to build towards the mound of shit.
  Yeah, I agree with that.
  You can't turn into the sewer of souls and see a giant pile of shit.
  It's interesting that the sewer of souls is also a sewer of shit.
  Yeah, regular sewer.
  There's a commentary on our souls are just shit.
  That is true.
  Just a couch sized pile of shit.
  That's what I say to myself every morning.
  This was maybe the least good.
  Yeah, I agree.
  I think we started with the least good maze.
  But the 3D gimmick was kind of cool.
  I will admit that.
  That's true.
  They were paper 3D glasses.
  So, you know, the moment the teens crossed the exit threshold, they were just throwing them on the ground.
  We should have taken them and gone back on Justice League.
  I know.
  That would have been a really good idea.
  So then we went there's another one up on the hill, which is Willoughby's Mansion.
  Willoughby's Resurrected.
  Oh, I watched her walk through this.
  This looks pretty cool.
  This is just them ripping off the Haunted Mansion.
  It's like you're walking through their Haunted Mansion and there's paint.
  What are the paintings?  There's paintings of the.
  So when you walk in, the entrance is a little hard to find.
  Like it doesn't look like a mansion from the outside.
  It just kind of looks like a quarter of a house.
  But when you walk in, they're trying to establish like this is the Willoughby family and they have their portraits.
  But like the moment you pass them, they're kind of like holographic.
  So like, you know, Mr.
 Willoughby looks normal.
  And then like as you pass them from a certain angle, he looks ugly.
  You know, whatever.
  Yeah.
  Like, yeah.
  And I told Mike, I was like, oh, I wish they would have set the scene like a little more of like early on.
  I mean, I don't know how else to put it.
  They showed the mound of shit too early because they should have just like made me feel like I was in the house and then let the scare actors like kind of play play the role.
  I think we need to put that phrase into our ride vernacular showing the showing them out of shit too early.
  Jackov's gone introduced and then emptied immediately.
  It's a little bit of a mound of shit too early situation.
  Interesting sets on this one, though.
  Like lots of different things and stuff.
  That's like a higher production value than the sewer.
  And it felt like there was the scare actors felt varied.
  Like some you had who were just like kind of wandering and weren't trying to like jump out and scare you.
  They kind of just look dead eye.
  And like that one library room I thought was cool.
  They were like kind of twin like girls in there sort of just kind of floating through.
  I thought that was a cool moment.
  It's all one.
  There was like a room with dolls and mannequins with veils over their face.
  One is clearly a person.
  Yeah, there's that's that's really will still get me like a room full of mannequins or dolls.
  And one of them is clearly a person.
  As soon as you turn the corner and you realize that that's the setup, I go, oh, shit, shit.
  Every time that happens, it's a good very effective because your brain is like, oh, maybe they're all human.
  So we do Willoughby's.
  Then we're weighing Tatsu.
  But I'm so like skittish still, even though I wanted to like I kind of say no, because I'm a little freaked out about lying on my stomach.
  So we don't do Tatsu like the office.
  It's a unique sensation, but you say it's very smooth.
  At least it wasn't 2008.
  I regret not doing Tatsu.
  Don't ever show your face in that office depot again.
  I know.
  I'll laugh your ass out of there.
  Speaking of which, I just got an email asking for feedback.
  Oh yeah, because you gave your phone number.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I sent it for a reward.
  You walk in again and they go like you came back.
  They always come back.
  Should have done it twice.
  Should have done it twice.
  Like that lighthouse trailer.
  You got to spill your beans, Michael.
  I don't know what you're talking about.
  Do you not know?  Okay, there's this movie coming out with Will and the Foe and Robert Pattinson.
  It's black and white.
  They're in a lighthouse.
  They're the only characters.
  And I haven't anticipated a movie like this in years.
  I know what you're talking about.
  It's shot in like four by four.
  It's shot in.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It looks so weird.
  It looks like a movie from 1930 or something.
  It looks like there may be a sinister mermaid at some point.
  It does look cool.
  I can't wait.
  I agree.
  So we're trying to figure.
  So what do we do now?  I can't.
  I'm misremembering.
  Well, we tried to go to Superman.
  We.
  Yeah, we try to go to Superman.
  Shut down.
  But there's like the way that Superman's position in the park, you have to walk for like a while  down.
  Everything has is almost like in cul-de-sacs.
  Like, and so we had we walked all the way to Superman where they could have put barriers  up for a while because there's no shops or anything to go to.
  So they could have just put a barrier up and be like Superman's under maintenance.
  But what was happening was just droves of people were walking all the way to Superman  and there was like a single parking cone in front of the door.
  In front of the fortress of solitude.
  It's all the crystals from the fortress of solitude and it's like, no, closed.
  This is Superman the escape.
  Yeah, this is that thing that just shoots you straight.
  And he finally escaped.
  He got out.
  Flew straight up.
  Yeah, so we were going to do that and then it was closed and then it's like, well, we'll  never be back here again.
  Like, there's no way we're going to walk back up here.
  No.
  So we walked back down and then did we did I get a drink or do we do another maze?  Well, you got, yeah, you got a drink and then we had to sit in a little circle because you  can't walk and drink.
  Yes.
  There is literally like three tables.
  They're like only here.
  Yes.
  There's pens.
  Drinking pens.
  Which normally I would be annoyed by this draconian nature, but knowing that there are  teens eating fog.
  Yeah.
  It's probably for the best to not have open.
  You're probably right about that.
  No, yeah, I don't think we can trust like people at Six Flags.
  Because we watched a guy that was like maybe a teen, but also maybe in his 20s tackle a  trash can to impress his friends.
  That's scarier than anything you've described.
  That was a show that was entertainment.
  Man fights trash.
  Tacklers of the Eve.
  But next thing we did, Mike, was once you got your drink, that's when we went past the  coffins again and saw that they were empty.
  We forgot.
  And we went and saw.
  Well, we were doing, did we do Riddler?  We did Riddler first.
  Then the Hypnotist.
  Yes.
  So we did Riddler first.
  So I said, you know what?  I need to go on at least one or two others.
  I'm trying to get better at coasters.
  And I had a drink and at Riddler's Revenge, there's a standup coaster.
  And I love the Riddler, one of my favorite characters.
  So I said, well, all right, I think it's good.
  It looks like the Hulk to me too.
  The whole track.
  I don't know if it's the same company.
  I didn't look into it.
  Same color.
  Same color.
  Green.
  But similarly, so I go, you know what?  This will probably be okay.
  So we went on the ride and I will say, I immediately, I didn't realize it before.
  It's Batman Forever themed.
  Edward Nigma's big like mind thing or whatever.
  When he's got the cable on the top of the cable boxes at home, it looks like a blender.
  There's a big version of that on the ride.
  You get kissed from a rose at the end.
  Oh, I wish.
  I don't think there was any licensed music.
  There's also, I posted on Twitter, the Batman Forever font is used elsewhere in the park.
  Yeah, it's used as a font in the boardwalk games.
  Yes.
  You can like win a prize as in Batman Forever font or something.
  Yes, which is very exciting.
  So we went on Riddler's Revenge and I'm trying to think.
  So Riddler's Revenge, this won't be nearly as long.
  Riddler's Revenge, I really liked.
  It was fun.
  Stand up.
  It was no problem, except the seat also.
  Yeah.
  It's like a curved banana, like a banana seat, but curved up because it's a stand up coaster that basically just goes up your ass.
  It's weird.
  Yeah, it was uncomfortable.
  I also think that none of the seats in any of the coasters are cushioned because they would have to replace them more frequently.
  So it's all kind of this like hard rubber plastic that's more durable, but it releases a different euphoria.
  Riddler's Prostate Revenge.
  The stand up coasters for me are really for a five foot one man, when that banana seat comes up, my legs are like an inch off the ground.
  So I'm not really standing.
  Did you have that too?  I had that issue as well in that it's if it locks early, then you're like your feet aren't planted.
  Yeah.
  Right.
 You want your feet planted.
  You want your feet planted.
  Otherwise your body weight is on your taint.
  It's on your taint.
  I don't know what other way to say it.
  No, yeah.
  So to describe it to Scott, like this.
  So you get in and it's like there's shoulder restraints.
  And yeah, take a photo of this.
  Take pictures.
  I really should have another.
  Let's see if there's anything I can use to.
  Let me use this ET doll as the seat.
  This is recorded.
  This is going up.
  That's OK.
 This will be recorded.
  So there's like sort of a shoulder harness and then there's this like banana bicycle seat.
  I apologize to ET for doing this to him.
  Edwin's watching.
  Edwin is now going to haunt me probably because he thinks this is erotic.
  So the seat is here.
  So it's like a little bit raised past.
  So you have to like literally put your leg over her and then like drop into this weird seat.
  It's like I'm so glad I'm filming this.
  I just did a really crucial zoom.
  Let me turn ET around so it's not like he's got his face.
  So and then you like kind of like have to put you have to put your you have to like sit on it like this.
  So it's like you're like it's like driving up into Jason said.
  I'm not paying attention to what you're conveying.
  That's OK.
  I'm just enjoying filming this so much.
  And I will finish the video by zooming into Leonardo.
  His penis.
  Yeah, I can't.
  My zoom isn't good enough to see his little tail penis.
  But it's over there.
  And that's that cut.
  Yeah.
  So so it's just it's odd.
  I don't know why it has to be like that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I'll say there was one part of this that when we first got on the ride, we were trying to determine if our media badges were fast passes.
  Oh, right.
 Right.
  And we asked the team and he looked at it.
  He looked at it, looked up at us, looked at it again, looked up at us.
  He goes, I don't know what that is.
  And we were like, oh, OK.
  I don't know.
  Yeah, he's like, I've never seen any.
  I've never seen that.
  And we were like, OK, well, thank you.
  And then he was he was they're all like up for it.
  They're up.
 They're up to help.
  But you like almost have to like help them help you.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  They just don't.
  Giving them practice, having a job.
  They just don't know.
  They don't know.
  They just don't know.
  I don't even blame them for like being out like.
  They're thinking about the college essays and whether they have to do an SAT or not.
  They're bad enough to the SATs, let alone those subject specific ones.
  So Revenge Good.
  I liked it.
  Fun ride smooth.
  I would do that again.
  And then we're walking.
  We pass the coffins.
  And then I'm glad you said it, because Gio was like, oh, the hypnotist.
  We should go see the hypnotist.
  So there's a stage show like twice in a night, a hypnotist.
  I won't.
  We have a picture of the billboard, but we'll leave her name out of it.
  We walk in.
  It's a pretty big size theater.
  It's like the size of the Indiana Jones stunt show.
  It's massive.
  It's a massive and it's up way up.
  It's like it feels like there are 50 rows.
  Yeah.
  Easy.
  Easy 50 rows.
  And she has brought, I would say probably 15 people on stage.
  20.
  Yeah.
  15, 20.
  And then we sit down and we're like, oh, it seems like it's just starting.
  And it seems as if like her warmup is just confiscating their phones and then  calling out to the crowd who is with that particular person so that they can  then walk down to the stage and hold on to the person's phone.
  And like, Mike, did it feel like it was supposed to be a warmup?  I don't know.
  We were there for like probably 45 minutes.
  I think like 30 or 25 minutes, but nothing happened.
  Nothing fucking happened.
  No hypnotism happened.
  She put them to sleep, I guess.
  But that was it.
  And to put them waiting for something like a chicken waiting for the standard.
  And yeah, it was just so confusing.
  And so in like I was also again, I'll leave her name out of it, but like some  very problematic banter happening with like stereotyping and whatnot.
  Who wrote the hypnotist set Shane Gillis?  Actually, he did.
  He's getting a lot of work these days.
  Shane Gillis got cast on SNL from Six Flags Hypnotism.
  They scouted Groundlings, Second City and Six Flags Hypnotism shows.
  So do you remember what happened at the very end of it?  Let me can I say a joke?  She said that I kind of like.
  OK, yeah.
  She was talking and she's doing crowd.
  She did so much crowd work, so much crowd work.
  And she was like talking like, oh, you're a couple.
  But how old are you guys or whatever?  Oh, 24.
  And she's like, oh, you got any kids or whatever?  And I can't know.
  She's like, hey, this is Valencia.
  You're behind.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Like, wow.
 OK.
  Whoa.
  The crowd loved it.
  Crowd loved it.
  Yeah.
  And there's just there's she kept a little bit of hypnotism.
  Yeah.
  I don't know if we have to get into it.
  They were me for what it was.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Things are a little different in the high Sierra's.
  That is the official name.
  High Sierra.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Oh, really?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  So the little bit of hypnotizing we saw was she would be like, focus on me, focus on me,  focus on me.
  And then when I snap, you'll fall asleep.
  But you could tell that she was really guiding these people.
  Like they were just kind of like not to say that I believe in hypnotism, but like she  would snap and like you can see her like really pushing on the person's head for them to like  fall asleep because like some people maybe didn't know what she was asking for.
  You think she just hit a pressure point and like knock them out?  There were certain people where it seemed like it was more her than them.
  Like it's forcing them to sleep.
  Sleep.
  Also, the before she started, because basically the only trick I saw her do is make people  like hug each other.
  She made a young girl switch spaces because she felt she was underage and the older man  next to her, he was, she's like, I don't want you hugging her.
  Yeah.
  I don't want you getting arrested tonight.
  Yes.
  That's what she said.
  Oh my God.
  What is this show?  Yeah.
  But now again, I felt like it was a long time.
  You said probably half hour, but like we never really saw anything.
  I was waiting for just something.
  Like when you wake up, you'll all be barnyard animals.
  Like, and we were just like, let's get out of here.
  Wow.
  Might have happened as soon as you left.
  That's probably true.
  As soon as the fun started then.
  Or you got hypnotized without realizing it, thought nothing had happened.
  You're missing like a, like 40 minute gap in your brain where you both were the chickens.
  You're actually still in Valencia.
  You were hypnotized.
  You thought you lived the next month of your life.
  Also, I'm looking through my phone and I realized just when we were at the full throttle bar,  somebody tried to airdrop me this picture of the Pope with a cat in it.
  I don't know what it is.
  Did that just showed up on your phone?  It just showed up.
  So this is like a cat poking out of a, I don't know what it is.
  I've heard of, do you have airdrop open to anyone?  Yeah.
  I've heard of that.
  People in airports or stuff like teens playing pranks with airdrop.
  Here's us cheersing our dreamsicle milkshakes.
  It does look like a glass of fog.
  Yeah.
  So then we went, did a couple more mazes.
  We went to condemned.
  Condemned.
  Yeah.
  Was that one closed or no?  No, it wasn't, it's condemned.
  It's not condemned.
  Oh.
  It's condemned.
  It's condemned forever damned.
  Oh, I thought it was condemned.
  Was that the one that was closed for some reason?  Yeah, it was closed.
  We didn't get to do it.
  The condemned was closed.
  It was condemned.
  It was condemned.
  Yeah.
  We were like waiting in line and then they're like, okay, the maze is down.
  And we're like, the what?  What does that mean?  All the teens ran away?  Am I wrong?  Wasn't there a sign that had the E crossed out?  You might be right.
  It says it on the website, but.
  Maybe the, but the, the, the teen came out because we, we had hopped in the, the, the  fast pass line.
  We were going to do condemned and then right.
  Red Riding Hood.
  Red's Revenge.
  Red's Revenge.
  And this team comes out the front door of the condemned building and goes, uh, he goes,  uh, Hey folks, uh, just let you know, it's going to be, uh, quite a while.
  Uh, it's going to be quite a while.
  What could have gone wrong with the maze?  He told us, he goes, uh, we had a foam board fall over and we're having trouble getting  it back.
  Hear that.
  Is that right?  Oh my God.
  I think I know why it was condemned.
  Wow.
  Foam board problem as well.
  Foam suggests light.
  I just remembered something when I was at Magic Mountain recently.
  Um, I guess on Fridays, everyone wears helpful Honda days polos.
  Oh, there was a helpful Honda days ride.
  What?  What was that?  Or was it the coming soon ride?  No, there was like a Honda.
  Oh, whoa.
  When we were, when we were many, one of our many times lost, it was like by the rip cord  thing.
  And I go, look, Mike, it says Honda days, like helpful Honda.
  Oh, the rip cord thing that looked like they were just going to sail them to their death.
  Oh, I forgot all about it.
  Talking about that.
  Okay.
  We gotta, we gotta keep, we gotta finish.
  It's like a, it's like a time.
  It's a very confusing time.
  Yes.
  Helpful Honda days.
  I don't know if the nationwide promotion, but in Southern California, it's like a lot  of radio spots where it's like, Hey, heard you needed your electricity bill paid.
  We're going to pay is the helpful Honda days guy.
  And we're going to pay your utility bills for a few months or like we're going to pay  for your karate lessons.
  That's a ride of this.
  Yes.
  There's some, there's some ride themed of it, but yeah, that is the idea.
  Like the like, like capitalism has eroded our society so much that like, if you like,  yeah, as a corporation, like masks helping in some way when like the civilian support  staff of the justice league are all welling helpful.
  It gets a little confusing in my work for the justice league or Honda.
  Was Red's Revenge where I got a woman ran about 10 miles an hour into me.
  And then, and then grabbed me as if I was her significant other.
  This is a guest.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Someone just literally ran full speed away from a scare actor into me on Red's Revenge,  which I liked Red's Revenge.
  I thought that was a nice, that's a fun maze.
  I'll say Red's Revenge did a little something Willoughby's did, mixed it up.
  Not everything has to be someone jumping out.
  Yes.
  You can build a mood and atmosphere.
  Yes.
  They had a nice little moment at the end where there was a, like a teenage girl dressed as  a little Red Riding Hood, like above you as you walked underneath.
  And she was lip syncing to some dialogue.
  Dialogue.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But it was good.
  It was a nice show piece.
  Yeah.
  It was a good little moment.
  With the forest, you know, like.
  Yeah.
  But I'll say as we, this was later in the night and this was the first maze where I  started to see the teenagers get tired.
  What was the one where I, you said I made one of them laugh and they broke?  That was it.
  That was Red?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Because what happened?  She was like kind of checked out and like, as opposed to like, I won't do it too hard  in the mic, like screaming.
  She went like, ugh.
  And you, you, you kind of clocked that and you go, okay, hello.
  And she goes, she laughed and said hi.
  Is that it?  Do teens like you now?  Maybe that was the acceptance.
  Yeah.
  That was the turn.
  That was the turn.
  Yeah.
  So then did we see the rock and roll show before the last maze?  Yes.
  Okay.
  So I, these are just, I have to mention this.
  So there's a whole, there's a stage show set up in the, closer to the front of the park.
  And this is not something I've actually even teased before on the show, but I should have  because it's something that Lindsay and I have talked about a lot.
  So there's a person that comes out and they have like a vocoder and they're like announcing  this like graveyard band, evil band, and there's a DJ or whatever.
  And I look at the sort of lineup for who's there.
  And I get very excited because we live around Burbank and there was a place, there was a  bar in Burbank that's closed.
  I forget what it's called.
  It's had two stories.
  It's right.
  I forget what it's called, but I,  The Burbank Bar and Grill?  Yes.
  Thank you.
  Okay.
  And there was a couple of times when Lindsay and I were trying to figure out what to do  on a Friday or Saturday.
  And I saw that at Burbank Bar and Grill, there was someone named DJ Ricky Rocks.
  Have I mentioned this?  No.
  You've told me this.
  I've mentioned this to you.
  This is a bar and grill actually located above like a Color Me Mine type pottery store.
  Yes.
  You had to walk up a very steep staircase to get to the bar and grill.
  Oh yeah, which I did once and saw what the bar was like and then immediately turned around.
  I ate there once years ago.
  It was fine.
  It was just burgers and chicken finger.
  Yeah.
  So we saw there's like entertainment Friday or Saturday, DJ Ricky Rocks.
  And I always used to be like, and Lindsay's like, no, we're not going to.
  And I found YouTube videos.
  Lindsay and I are pretty simpatico in this area.
  Yeah, I found YouTube videos and like he's a dude who I think does a lot of like weddings  and bars and he like plays drums to DJ songs.
  So I found all of his reels on YouTube and watching them.
  And I'm like, we got to go see DJ Ricky Rocks one of these days.
  And I always would say it and then she would always put it off.
  And then the Burbank Bar and Grill closed.
  And I was like, no, we're not going to get to see him.
  I look on this fucking thing.
  DJ Ricky Rocks.
  And you didn't know that till then?  Oh, my God.
  And I was as the fog cleared, the sign emerged and the party became a rock fest.
  I was I don't even know.
  I probably was like just not even making sense to you.
  I was like, oh, this guy, this is a guy that rock and rust.
  That's kind of it was like, yeah, whatever.
  You like went, oh, DJ Ricky Rocks.
  And I said, oh, I go, oh, and he goes, oh, he goes, oh,  he goes, oh, Burbank.
  He like wasn't he couldn't get it out.
  Lindsay, Paul's in body.
  What?  So Homer yelling, Tramampoli.
  DJ Ricky, Ricky Rocks comes out.
  He's wearing spooky makeup and then is playing on my phone.
  Hold on.
 He's playing.
  I'm forgetting.
  And that voiceover, of course, Dr.
  Fright's going to be teaching everybody the Thriller dance.
  They're bangering.
  What? So he's just playing.
  What are you saying? That's the song name of the song is bangering.
  Is this Skrillex? Is it a Skrillex song bangering?  I think it is.
 I think it is.
  I don't know.
 You so do you think that's like something like that?  Yeah.
 Look, the citizens of Valencia are getting juiced.
  Hand stuff is getting done tonight.
  The music is bumping.
  I'm texting to stuff.
  I'm texting.
  In an environment where there is no soap.
  Where is there is no soap?  Apparently a large young pregnancy rate, even though  the area is known exclusively for the hand stuff.
  It's what a place.
 What a place.
  Watch your brother.
 I'm going to do some hand stuff.
  Go show your brother the giant piece of shit.
  Let's do some hand stuff in the toilet.
  You were going to say you did the coffin challenge.
  The coffin challenge, are you saying?  The 30 best hours of my life.
  Baby boom every year.
  Nine months.
  Everyone in Valencia is born.
  Valencia hospitals are rushed on June baby.
  July 31st.
  T.
J.
 Ricky Rocks.
  Yeah, Ricky Rocks.
  So Ricky Rocks, I texting Lindsay video of your video,  and she's pretty she's pretty she's very happy for me.
  You're dreaming your dreams solo.
  Yeah.
 You know, one thing that made my jaw drop  and you can hear it in the video is I think you picked up on it, Scott,  is that the the DJ goes and come back at midnight.
  We'll be teaching everyone the Thriller dance.
  I turned to Mike and I was like, how fucking late is this open?  And Mike said, I think one or two.
  One a.
m.
 one.
  I still can't get an answer.
  I put up the website on weekends, though.
  The park is open.
  It does say 1030 a.
m.
 to 1 a.
m.
  I cannot find an answer of when Fright Fest  or the monsters unleashed every night.
  Was that for the grand opening ceremonies every night?  OK, I think so.
  I cannot find a kickoff time for managed to coordinate  a bunch of people running around every night.
  Yes, somehow.
  We downloaded the app to try to wrap our heads around it,  like just like, where is some stuff and like, you know, blah, blah, blah.
  And the app was closed.
 Yes.
  According to the app, the park was closed.
  Yes, the app said that all the rides were closed because it was Fright Fest  and they hadn't recalibrated it to Fright Fest.
  So you clicked on the hours button of the app and then a video of a team came up.
  I don't know.
  There's Wi-Fi in parts of the park, which is good,  because there is like no data reception, no cellular reception up there.
  Yeah.
 So we just so then we were like, we were trying to like, what else do we got?  And then there was a whole section of the park we didn't even walk to.
  We were thinking we were done.
  And then we were like, well, what if we oh, there's another there's aftermath.
  And we walked, I swear, it felt like another seven thousand steps.
  We walked to this other part of the park,  which is where the construction for that new ride is going.
 Yeah.
  And we first we saw the ripcord.
  That was a thing with the flying.
 Yeah.
  That was way before.
 Really?  Yeah.
 That was that was early in the night.
  Maybe I did die.
  But that's there's something like that back by the West Coast.
  You can sort of see where we were, but we saw we were much closer  to earlier when we were standing.
  It's just a thing where they just hook three people to a wire,  haul them about 150 feet in the air and just release them.
  Were you release yourself?  Yes, you're right.
 You really wish.
  And it's an upcharge to release yourself.
  No, no, I mean, I'm really sure I'm trying to pay $15.
  They'd rather do it myself than let a team do it.
  Yeah.
 To me, it feels like you pulling the cord yourself is like fine print.
  Like, well, if you die, it was a suicide.
 Right.
  They roll with that.
  Is aftermath through the construction site?  Isn't that in the very corner? Yes, yes.
  It was way tucked away.
 Yeah.
  And it's a lot of it's outside.
  And that was like, oh, there's like a zombie apocalypse or outbreak or something.
  I liked it.
 And I liked it, too.
  They were they didn't quite fulfill the promise,  but they kept doing a thing where they would split you off into groups on different paths.
  And then I would be like, oh, that's cool.
  So we'll get split up.
 And that's like scary.
  And literally we would like round a bend and then Gio would be back with me.
  Yeah.
 Like, wait a minute.
  Like, how would you be like there was like a military guy?  I guess the whole thing is like, it's an outbreak.
  And he'd be like, left, left, left.
  And then he'd point to Mike.
  He like deliberately like separated.
  He goes, no, you're right, right, right.
 Right.
  And so then we go and I'm thinking, I'm going to have an experience Mike didn't have.
  Right.
 And then we literally just like go around like 10 feet of fence  and we're back with each other.
 Right.
  And there's nothing in between.
  Because we did this thing, Delirium.
  Was that the name of it? Oh, yes.
  Yeah.
 Siva Anderson for taking us to Delirium.
  That's a while ago already.
  But they that immersive theater experience that it was almost a little haughty.
  Yeah, very haughty.
  But all we would get split up and you would truly have different experiences.
  And I was like, this was not that this was the idea, the kernel of the idea.
  But not the idea.
  The color of the tarp was different for you.
  It might have been.
 I don't really remember.
  Yeah.
 It had been puked on in his version.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Puked tarp.
 Puked tarp.
  But this is where we saw this character literally just quit.
  Yeah.
 Like he was just like we went through this little courtyard  where they had like a pyro thing shoot fire over the top.
  Oh, yeah.
 That was cool.
 That was cool.
  Yeah.
 That was like that was neat.
  And the idea is like it's kind of coming out of a building and you're in this.
  There's like a couple of like abandoned cars.
  You're kind of like you're supposed to be in a city, I think.
  And there's a couple of scare actors doing it.
  Like they were like they were trying to scare you.
  And then as we came around the car, there was a guy just like arms crossed  back against this like abandoned yellow cab.
  And he was done like it's 11.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I think he was honestly like waiting for his manager to come fire him.
  How many? Yeah.
 How many quitters on the first night of these did they get  where they go, oh, shit, what did I sign up for?  They might hire over hire about like 40 percent.
  Yes.
 We always hear about the people doing like  scary form and horror nights like loving it, like being into it, being jacked.
  I cannot speak to the fright festers.
  Well, I just mean like maybe even with those, there's still like 10 percent of them  are like, I can't do this for.
  That's true.
 45 days.
  People get very hoarse.
  Of course.
 Like from all the screaming.
  It's exhausting.
  There is like when I worked on the Universal lot, I  I was there like last fall, so around this time  and where we had to park, I actually had to walk through the  like part of the back lot  basically through like a line of people waiting to like  get into the horror nights attractions down in the back lot.
  And as we'd walk up there, like next to where Nick and I, my Nick Mandernack,  I think past guests, yes, more of a money episode.
  We we would park next to their holding area.
  And the vibe was like really positive and kind of cool of like the horror  night scare actors where it kind of felt like a theater troupe.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  It felt like they were like almost warming up.
  I just ran into him.
 He said something.
  He was talking about this and how it seemed like they were like trying out  types of scares on each other.
  Like, what if I did this? Yes.
  Yeah.
 Like there was like this like exercise happening.
  Or shopping scares.
  Oh, yeah.
 Or shopping scares.
  And so then we on the last night of it, like we were walking to our car  after a kind of late night of work, and they had set up like these sort of  like these couple of like not tents, but like overhead tarp type  tents, like that you would like like cover  almost like a tailgate tent like type thing.
  And they had set it up to create their own mini maze  for themselves to like go through and scare each other.
  It's so great.
 Like I hear it's it is like doing the run of a play  where like everyone gets very familiar.
  It is like a full company.
  And then the last night, there's this catharsis.
  There's this great release at the end when it's all done.
  Yeah, that is so charming.
  It was very charming.
 Very charming.
  Everybody releases with each other.
  I'm sure some of that happen.
  If it's like a play, some of that's happening.
  Yeah, for sure.
  So then we make the long trek back to the front of the park.
  And that's I think when I looked up the steps and I was like twenty two thousand  steps.
 You look what is that mileage?  Because the health app will put will give you the episode.
  I'm curious.
  But do the math.
  But ten thousand is five miles.
  It's eleven miles.
  Something like that.
  Like ten thousand is like, oh, that's a good healthy day.
  Eleven point one is what mine says.
  I got it.
 Great.
 Wow.
  So we walk out.
  We're leaving.
  It's around midnight.
  We see all these old Warner Brothers, like Looney Tunes, like  statues, big statues, and they're all just like they haven't been repainted  or touched it on a shift manager.
  Do you remember this?  No, shift manager with a flashlight in his mouth.
  And he was writing.
  He was signing people out on a trash can.
  Oh, yeah.
 It was like it was bizarre.
  He was no, he was doing it when we walked to the maze and then on the way back.
  Yes.
 And it was in the middle of the scare maze.
  It was like felt like he was a character, but he was just you were you're right.
  Signing people out.
  He was just signing people out for the night.
  And I was like, you got to do this somewhere else.
  Like just pick a table at like the dining area.
  Right.
 Right.
 Go, go, go.
  You stay.
 I have to write.
  What was your lunch again?  And then I was very excited because I saw Taz and Mrs.
  Taz in the window.
  Mrs.
 Taz.
 Well, that was that's not his mom, right?  That's Mrs.
 Taz.
 Or am I wrong?  I think that's his mom.
  Tasmania.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
  So we're leaving.
  And again, I am pretty worried my car is not going to be there  or walking the cars there.
  Now, we've been in there since 430, so it's midnight.
  So, you know, seven and a half hours or whatever.
  My car has charged 12 percent.
  I thought it was six percent.
  No, I don't have a good scale for this.
  What at a regular charging station?  Well, a regular charging station, it takes two and a half hours for a plug.
  It should take six hours.
  It was six miles, right? Six miles.
  Yes, I could get six miles on the battery,  which means that the amount of power in those outlets  were so low.
 Oh, boy.
  It got me something.
  So that's good.
 I can serve some energy.
  And then we just one last laugh and we left Valencia.
  Went down the hill  vowing to return to Six Flags.
  Truly.
 Now, I hope we're invited back to some sort of press event.
  They're not going to listen.
 We'll see.
  They're going to go behind a pay.
  They're not going to go behind the paywall.
  So hopefully there's some sort of need their money to give to.
  They need the five dollars to give to the the the coffin challenge.
  The one that's a pretty large percentage of that six, six dollars.
  Yes.
 So I mean, just a fantastic night.
  Wow.
  Like I said, like it fucking sucks and I loved it.
  I I do really want to go back soon.
  I've never been so happy to miss a podcast, the right related event.
  Oh, no, you're missing out.
  So the least up my alley.
  Jason, what about you?  How are you feeling after you heard this story?  Uh, you know, I I probably would have been.
  I think I would have been enjoying it  because I would have had the experience with you guys.
  I think the mazes would have worn on me.
  One maze at knots last year, I was like, OK, it was they had a zap gun.
  At least they had like a laser tag gun.
  You don't get that in most mazes.
 That's true.
  I mean, these scares, though, even though I was cowardly, weren't that bad.
  Yeah.
 So I watched a couple of them.
  And the the name there's a YouTube channel.
  And I have to give the person credit.
  It's Sharp Productions.
  And it's a woman going through these mazes.
  And I guess that night, if you came with a camera person,  you could ask them to like, oh, can you can I go in?  Can you hold the line a little bit?  And like she essentially is going in with no one in front of her, no one behind her  and just her camera person following her.
  So she's getting every scare.
  And it seems like she did every maze at knots and six flags.
  And the footage looks good.
  But I really have to give her credit because just a single  person walking through the mazes, they everyone's going for you like.
  Yeah, well, we I'm sure I'll say this either.
  I have said this and you've heard it on the episode or I will say it is that  when I went into the us maze, the party I was with made sure  we they held everyone off.
 So we got all of it.
  Oh, wow.
 Four of us in the us maze.
 That's great.
  Which which was scary, but good.
  It was good to experience it like that.
  So, yeah, but safer with teen bodyguards.
  If you.
 Yes, I was.
 Yes, for sure.
  And then at Horror Nights, they're probably like late 20s  more or maybe my age.
  I don't get that level of quality that comes.
  Yeah.
 Partial college graduation.
  Mm hmm.
 So anyway.
  Wow.
 Oh, my God.
 Quite a journey.
  Yeah.
 I'm glad you didn't twist your ankles on that classic Valencia cement.
  Yeah.
 We'll be back.
  Yeah.
 There's more scares than just in the mazes.
  They're all over there.
  All right.
 The scare of your car possibly being the limited Panda Express menus  at the Express Express location.
  Is there a Christmas event at Magic Mountain?  Will there be a press event we would be invited to for that?  Yeah, I would love that.
  I love Christmas time.
  I love the magic of Christmas.
  Yeah.
 You can be the hot guy and I'll be the Yuletide man.
  And man, you clashed it up to you're not going to be no guy.
  I boy.
 Oh, I like that.
  You'll tell me isn't shared in the Yuletide boy.
  No waddling for me.
 Just Coco, please.
  The scare actors hand out candy canes.
  Get it.
 Yeah.
  It's just the elves handing out.
  How can they unleash the elves at the start of the night?  Low.
 A child has been born to us in the coffin.
  Nick place with the coffins.
  There's the manger challenge.
  The main thing is you survive Christmas Eve.
  You've got to sleep in a slightly elongated major  and also not get hoof and mouth disease from all the farmatoles.
  Not pass out from frankincense fumes.
  All right.
 Well, let's say goodbye to our own personal slider of the pod.
  Anthony, you survived podcast on the fright, the cemetery.
  Thanks for joining us.
  Thanks for having me.
  It's just to the gift shop.
  Anything you'd like to plug or where can people find you?  Oh, plug.
  Check out this spring.
  There's a new show that I'm writing on called Duncanville.
  It'll be on after the Simpsons before Bob's Burgers.
  So, oh, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
 So keep an eye out for that.
  Yeah.
 And then on Twitter, a GIO, a generally mostly WGA.
  Yeah, we got a historic victory.
  That's good.
 Yeah, we did it.
  David Goodman, if you're listening, congratulations.
  And that's cool.
  If he's listening to podcast, I should have him on.
  He's fending off the monsters of anti-union sentiment.
  And as for us, keep subscribing here at podcast  for now, Honcast, the cemetery gate, three episodes every month.
  Check us out on Twitter.
  You're probably following all that stuff.
  You know, behind the paywall, you know what it is.
  But get more Halloween stuff coming up a little bit later.
  So stay subscribed and tickets to Chicago or Orlando.
  Get them.
 I think so.
  Yeah, that's still on sale for probably.
  OK.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 See you.
 Bye.
 Bye.
