 Forever.
.
.
  dog.
  It scares.
 It's Mike Love's Haunts on Hauntcast The Fright.
  Welcome to Hauntcast The Fright, the Hauntcast about scream parks ghost-hosted by three headless  men in their 30s.
 I'm Rod Skardner joined by Mike Coffinson.
 I updated that one and Jason  Skeleton.
 Why tamper with a classic?  Jason Skeleton.
  We've all been saying it all year.
  Yeah, I was sitting over here going like, oh, I gotta make one real quick.
 Okay, he's gonna come to me.
  Oh no, I took care of it for you.
 I will raise the fake names for you.
  This is the first official Hauntcast The Fright.
 It's an abridged Hauntcast The Fright for anyone who's been asking us about programming information.
  We got a lot of stuff going on.
 We got our live tour coming up, so we got those episodes to do.
  We're dying to see you.
 We're doing two Hauntcasts here on the main feed and two on the Patreon.
  Patreon.
com.
  And if I can issue a spooky correction, the Six Flags one will be out by this point.
  It will.
  Yeah, I guess so.
 We've determined today.
  We could also change it.
  We could also change it.
  My scary voice is Don Pardo.
 It's behind the paywall.
  Well, okay, whether or not it's out, if it's out already or will be soon, behind the paywall, Mike is going to fill us in on a trip that he took to Six Flags Magic Mountains.
  Right.
 Best trip that he took with a friend of the show, Anthony Geo.
  And you put it behind the paywall.
  Well, you don't have to say why.
  Well, you know, sometimes the paywall, there's a freedom you get.
  There's a feeling of freedom you have when you're behind a paywall.
  And then he's just, you know, this is a pretty we're pretty honest.
  We're pretty candid on this main feed.
  But you know what?  If you want to get a little raw, if you really want to dish it, like if you want to tell it how it is, that's where you go to the second.
  That's where you go to the second gate for.
  So you want to get the dirt about Six Flags Fright Fest, go to the Patreon, go to the podcast, the Ride the Second Gate.
  I know that the Patreon is where we've revealed pretty like grimy truths like that marijuana will fry your brain and crack and cocaine.
  I don't remember this was any specific warnings enough.
  Alcohol fills your world with lies.
  That's something that we have in the McGruff episode.
  I think most of them fill your world with lies.
  But alcohol, that's a main characteristic.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Well, I guess if it fills your world with lies, if you're at a bar instead of home with your family or if you like said like, oh, Mom, I'm at an emergency.
  And then you're actually you were actually at a bar and you're lying to your wife.
  That would be a way alcohol fills your world with lies.
  I guess you could also say, you know, probably you tell yourself lies to it could fill your literal world with lies.
  So maybe you're saying I'm fine.
  Everything's fine.
  Cocaine makes people want to start a small business or write that fucking screenplay.
  You know, that's not in the game, man.
  Let's get back in the game, baby.
  That should be in McGruff's cocaine song.
  Do some cocaine and get started on a screenplay.
  Do just enough to be industrious.
  Make some money and give it up for good.
  Yeah, very practical uses of drugs.
  He knows he had screenwriter friends.
  Micro dosing LSD is good for your mental health.
  Look it up.
  It's true.
  Give you a boost to see.
  I expect to be doing McGruff talk, which is nice to nice to do.
  But, you know, so subscribe to the page and you'll get that that McGruff episode, which still delights me to think about.
  But also your your candid thoughts are what you're saying.
  Maybe if we had to extend the logic of what you're saying, that the freedom of the second gate is also is maybe where we eventually talk about the ride race through New York with Jimmy.
  Oh, you know, that's a good idea.
  Honestly, yes.
  Maybe applying that logic, that might be a perfect second gate episode.
  Just to be just to see it free.
  It's just we're looser there.
  Yes, looser.
  Really?  We can get a little body here, you know, in that paywall.
  But but anyway, we're here on the main feed with haunt cast the fright where first we want to kick things off by talking about the spookiest, the most frightening experience in all of theme park world.
  The Disney Skyliner transportation, industrial transportation accidents.
  Yeah, I mean, it's still unexplained power crises.
  What happened in the Skyliners, kids?  It's worse than doing crack and cocaine and alcohol and marijuana and paint combined.
  They don't got air conditioning.
  Number one, you're throwing three hours of your life away.
  Test ventilation, evacuating in a cherry picker.
  Ain't no fun.
  The Reedy Creek Fire Department says stay away from this airborne menace.
  As a completist, I would like to ride in the Reedy Creek Fire Department cherry picker.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, at some point in time, you might get on our trip, you might get called on as an emergency volunteer firefighter.
  I possibly.
  Yeah, you can finally use your training from childhood.
  What?  I don't know.
 Were you a boy scout?  Oh, I was a boy scout.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Still a leap in my book.
  Oh, I guess so.
  He was.
  He's Jason.
  Therefore, Jason's a firefighter.
  Yeah, I guess you're right.
  But if you don't know what we're talking about, we're still we're just days away as we record this from the.
  Well, the grand debut and the grand undoing of Disney World's new gondola system.
  Yeah.
  Within the week.
  Within the week.
  Of its official opening.
  Yeah, I literally had like I subscribed to like four or five different theme park newsletters and I still had unread ones in my inbox saying the skylighter is open.
  As I was getting the ones that said Skyliner accident, Skyliner closed indefinitely.
  So now let's let's be clear.
  Let's rule some if you don't know about the story.
  I haven't read about it already.
  Let's rule some things out.
  Had did a full car or two fall off the wire into the lake?  No.
  Did one go flying into the pop century hotel?  No, no.
  Was there a was there a fire?  No, no.
  Was there a crash?  Yes.
  Sort of.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Here's one thing I can definitely confirm from on Twitter.
  Local Orlando news reporter Greg Angel said, just heard from Disney spokesman.
  They tell us there has not been an accident and there's a quote unexpected doubt time on the Skyliner gondolas.
  And that's all they could say at that time.
  So your eyes and ears deceive you, ladies and gentlemen.
  If you ever thought a major corporation in a day and age where everyone has a very good camera in their pocket to display this.
  What I see.
  Line up of.
  This is a five.
  This is a five Skyliner pile of.
  This is a Skyliner fuck up.
  They're going to need to devote a roving helicopter reporter to give hourly updates.
  Skyliner traffic updates on the fives so that we know whether we can get on this damn thing or not.
  Yeah.
  So here's what we do know.
  It was confirmed there was not a power issue.
  Oh, OK.
  So what?  Who confirmed that?  Can we trust the source?  Disney tweeted out no accident accident in all caps and seven exclamation points.
  They consulted Trump on how to do it.
  The crooked WDWNT media.
  It's nothing but lies.
  Cobbling together from Screamscape, Theme Park Insider, Disney tourist blog and Inside the Magic.
  Here's what seems to be the verdict that at the Riviera station, a station at a yet to open hotel.
  What's that say?  What the hell is Riviera?  Yeah, that is the new DVC hotel opening in December.
  I believe it also services Caribbean.
  There's technically considered one of two at Caribbean Beach, not the main Caribbean Beach one that is sort of like the dispatch center where you change lines.
  So this is the one on the far side, but is called the Riviera station.
  A aqua colored gondola cabin did not attach to the cable.
  So this is a cable car system.
  The cable is constantly moving.
  And then when it gets into the station, they get off the cable and onto a track where they can control like the speed of that.
  And then it can get back on the cable when it gets sent out.
  So it did not correctly get back on the cable, causing multiple yellow gondolas to pile up behind it.
  Crunching, crushing, shattering, plexiglass.
  I bet Disney would not approve of any of those words.
  Hugging, caressing, showing physical affection towards.
  Hundreds of people stuck in a non moving skyliner for hours.
  Also seems to be unclear what they were given.
  It seems like two park tickets, taxi vouchers, and either a $100 gift card or a $200 gift card.
  Conflicting reports are out there.
  I do feel like there's probably a negotiation that happened.
  Some people just wanted to get out of there.
  They probably took the first offer.
  Maybe they complained and some other people complained and then they got the $200.
  I mean, I might complain at my hotel if this major transportation system is not running.
  Well, yeah.
 So let's talk about that.
  Let's make let's talk about how this affects us.
  Yeah, I think we wanted to experience that.
  Jason, you've been talking about this forever.
  You were so excited about the Skyliner.
  I love it because it hits up.
  It stops at hotels that I can afford to stay at.
  And the bus system, notably kind of slow.
  I mean, I honestly haven't had terrible experiences with a bus system.
  But if you can ride a boat or a monorail or a out to a brand new view with your favorite characters painted on it.
  The problem with, of course, the characters is those you don't want to get on because you can't see outside the wrap.
  You want to be behind one with characters that you like.
  You want to see Coco going on a journey in front of you.
  Right.
 But you don't want to be in one that has Coco behind you.
  Well, there's an exchange, though.
  If you are in a clear, regular gondola, you get really good pictures.
  But if your other gondola, it's slightly cooler due to the wrap.
  Oh, interesting.
  The wrap blocks out some sun.
  It's like the UV on the sunglass.
  It's like an extra on your car.
  Right.
  This has been a whole thing because there's no air conditioning in there.
  And this is a CHEPAC cost cutting measure, is it not?  Well, I looked up that, too.
  So this gondola, the company who makes these gondolas, I believe it's pronounced Doppelmeyer,  they've installed, they say, thousands of these around the world.
  The only one that is air conditioned is at a wind resort in Macau.
  Now, Macau also notorious for pulling in seven times the money Vegas does.
  Wow, really?  It's like also seven times the humidity is the joke I read about it.
  We have to do a Macau episode.
  Or episodes.
  Macau is an interesting place.
  We got to get much nicer suits to even walk around.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, we got to dress and grow a little thin.
  We got to look like dirty rotten scoundrels.
  Oh, yeah.
 That's doable.
  Cool hats.
  Interesting.
  So what's the climate there?  I think it's very, I think not dissimilar to Orlando, but everyone is hyper rich.
  So it is.
  So it's a luxury.
  So it is a CHEPAC cost cutting.
  But in other parts of Asia, they have these with the same cooling system as this.
  Which is just like, it's open at the top.
  A fan.
  Openings, yeah.
  And you pick up, you get a cool breeze as it moves.
  CHEPAC also cut the improvisers, droids, and pop-up stunt shows from each cabin.
  Skyliner, yeah.
  Yeah, son of a bitch.
  And the rescue Bontas.
  Yeah, Bonta just stuck at the end of a cherry picker.
  Just screaming at you.
  He raises his tongue and you climb aboard.
  Oh, man.
  So yeah, Skyliner incident.
  They can't deny the term incident.
  It's certainly an incident.
  I don't think they can.
  No.
  It seems like today, it's Tuesday as we record this, they were running.
  Not letting people on, but they were moving, like they were testing it.
  So people stuck for three hours.
  People described it as a traumatic experience.
  And what I'm driving towards is that Jason and I, you were so excited about all this.
  We're going to Orlando soon, as the listener knows, and please go see us.
  And we like, I had a different hotel and you were so excited.
  And I was like, I do want to be at an official Disney hotel.
  Your excitement convinced me also to get, we should be on a hotel along the Skyliner line.
  And it occurs to me that I have not told Erin about this story.
  And this is how she's finding out about it right now.
  So Erin, if you're listening, that gondola thing, people did get stuck for three hours.
  And how much do we want to risk it and get on this thing?  I also looked up what had been recently refurbished in the more value to moderate,  what had been refurbished, what was well reviewed,  what had solid amenities for kind of a run and gun sort of trip.
  And that affected my decision.
  You're staying in the 1880s wing of the centuries.
  I wish.
 I wish art of animation had indeed been, I think it was supposed to be 1910,  or 1900 to 1940 or 1910 to 1940.
  Can you imagine like the pop culture, like the yellow kid walking around?  Oh my God.
  What even is?  Can I flip a switch so she'll be coming around the mountain plays before I go to sleep?  Yeah, I don't even know.
  That encamped on races.
  Yeah.
  So yeah.
  So what do you think? Are you going to get on it?  Oh, I'm a hundred percent.
  This just makes me want to ride it more.
  I am not a dare.
  I don't take a lot of chances in my life.
  So riding the crunch machine at Disney World, this is like living on the edge for me.
  It feels like when you're as a vending machine and all like the bags back up  and like start crunching together because like the things unfurl in a bad way.
  I was already because I don't like the thing I don't like is like slow dangling that it does.
  Like that's a fear of heights thing.
  We did the Ferris wheel and I had a little bit of a panic attack and I was having the feeling like,  oh, maybe I'm going to do this, but maybe I'm going to have the panic attack.
  Then I saw that apparently the thing shoots you up.
  People were saying you got to pick up speed.
  You pick up.
 You shoot.
  You like have a launch.
  Oh, yeah.
  It's like 15 miles an hour, maybe 15 to 20 miles an hour launch up.
  Which is a fine speed, but to suddenly be at the speed.
  Yeah.
 So like with no restraints, I feel like, oh, that's going to freak me out.
  And then potentially you're going at zero miles per hour for three hours.
  Yes, that is.
 Yeah, that's true.
  So I mean, they could be looking already.
  I think there's a lot of people speculating that like they might start retrofitting these with air conditioners because like thankfully this incident happened between 8 and 9 p.
m.
  So it was at least a little cooler in that sense.
  But at a certain point they did tell people lift up the seats, crack open those emergency kits.
  People had to go to the emergency.
  We've seen pictures of them as bags of water.
  And there was a oddly a note a note pad laid that with on the front to write down when you start calling lawyers office to write down who you like.
  The big word on the front of the notepad was universal.
  Really? Really? It was the brand of it's not like it was affiliated with Universal Studios, but just they oddly bought universal brand.
  That's wild.
 Notebooks.
  I did not find I checked eBay as soon as I read about the emergency kits did not find any on eBay.
  But Jenny Nicholson had a very funny tweet about a certain blog cracking open an emergency kit a few days before.
  Like not just during like the regular operation to go like here's to do it.
  To do an unboxing video is what she said.
  Yes.
 Let me ask.
  Can I throw a few scenarios out for doing this?  Say the thing opens the day where they reopened the day were there.
  Do you get on it right away?  Yeah.
  OK.
  Say it might go down again.
  Say it opens tomorrow and there's another accident in a week and then it's open the day were there.
  Do you go on it again?  I think yes.
  Just because like at this point I just have to know.
  I just have to know.
  I mean I was at I was at universal the month after Gringotts opened and that broke down so much.
  And I finally got on it like the very last day like with hours left of the park being open and wait at like three three and a half hours.
  I see.
  My answer is I'm going to play it by ear.
  We'll see what's happening.
  That's very reasonable.
  I would not if anyone was skeptical of this.
  I'll say this if there's still issues with it when I check in those resort fees are gone.
  Like that is the first thing.
  Oh yeah because you get excited to have any reason to say get those resort fees out.
  I would prefer nothing go wrong and I have a great experience.
  So you're going to argue that you came to Disney World to do the skyline.
  I'm going to argue that I booked a Skyliner specific hotel which its historic people have been tracking hotel prices and they clearly bumped up the rates at Skyliner hotels.
  Oh interesting.
  Yeah.
  OK well I guess you probably have a little bit of a case there.
  Yeah.
  So I mean we'll see.
  In one scenario a fun ride in one scenario and another you lose an entire day because there aren't enough cherry pickers to do.
  But can you it's got.
  Can you imagine the content I would get out of getting stuck on the skyline.
  You would have to do suffer for my art.
  You would have to do what we talked about.
  I forget if we talked about this on the show or not but you and I were on Jordan Jesse go.
  Yes.
  And they record in an older office building where there was a big like thump and we could not get any of the buttons to work or a door to the elevator.
  Yes we got stuck in the elevator for a little while and it didn't it didn't take that long but there was a moment where you said like well you were almost like well this is our night.
  Nobody was there.
  It was like it could have taken like hours and hours to get us out of there.
  We talked about how we I think we would have thought all right let's who can we call.
  How do we get somebody here.
  I'm thought to let's start recording a podcast right now.
  Jason and I stuck in an elevator.
  So if you get stuck on the skyliner you have to immediately begin record just a voice.
  I hope everyone forgive me.
  But yeah or I mean Instagram live Twitter live.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  Yeah yeah.
  And you can be you should commit to as long as you can before the battery runs out.
  Oh absolutely.
  I guess with the live broadcast that's going to be toast in like 15 minutes.
  Well I always carry like a charging battery.
  So I will smart I will keep everything like I will.
  And you can maybe hotwire some of the power assuming the power isn't gone just to try to reroute something from your gondola car into your phone.
  I mean start yanking shit and playing up plug it in like crack a window open.
  Slide a door open.
  Dangle my feet out.
  I have a feeling it's only a matter of time before doors start just opening on this thing like the monorail in Florida.
  Yeah that's the other thing the monorail has had so many like odd incidents of like stopping between stuff or power failures in the last couple of years.
  Crashes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The fatality.
  Terrible ones.
  Yeah.
  But so far only one accident in the first week of the skyliner.
  Let's see if not only if there are more but if we are part of the short incident number two or three or four.
  I would not I would not hold it against you guys to not go anywhere near this thing.
  I'm probably going to do it but I'm going to be a little fearful.
  I volunteers tribute.
  I volunteer to be to the capital.
  This is the bravest I've ever seen you.
  I like a new transportation system and it's high up.
  I mean you know I got to be up there maybe.
  And you might get quoted in the Orlando Sentinel.
  Yeah and I might get quoted and I might get a three hundred dollar gift card because I put my foot.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well I hope so.
  Mike if you were to do it that would make sense because you've been on a bit of a bravery streak.
  Yeah sure.
  You may love it.
  It remains to be seen whether you love getting trapped in skyliners.
  But one thing we do know and I forget if we've talked about this or not on the podcast but apparently I what I'm seeing in my notes is you love haunts.
  Yeah I feel like I mentioned it like a year ago maybe.
  Sure.
  Also I mean we talked about Buffett's plane the hemisphere dancer which Bono was in to make a mistake.
  I just have like a checklist of like when are we going to get to that on the podcast.
  Yeah I mean we're going to do like a full episode.
  I feel like it's one of those things where I feel like I've mentioned it but I probably haven't just because.
  Maybe.
  Yeah so yeah just in case you guys didn't know I love haunts and Jamaica Mistake was written about the hemisphere dancer.
  Oh my god.
  Jenny Buffett's plane that's parked outside of Margarita Valley Orlando.
  And you're clearly not prepared.
  I can't believe I'm asking you this but talk about haunts Mike.
  Yeah fine fine.
  Talk about haunts unless you need a minute which case I have two Skyliner maps that I didn't even get around to.
  Describe a map.
  Describe a map.
  Let's keep this episode rolling.
  Alright you went to you've been to two haunts well three six nights which you're about on the Patreon.
  Yes there's too much too many haunts to contain in one episode.
  I was going to say you've been a big brave boy.
  Yes I continue my streak of being big and brave and as I said on the Patreon I've had to enlist new podcast partners in order to go to these haunts.
  Mike not Mike that's you.
  Scott and Jason nowhere to be seen.
  Nowhere to be seen not even not even a chance.
  I feel like there's not even a chance.
  Maybe I'll go to one of those.
  No I think we're talking like we don't even respond to the texts.
  We're out we're hard out.
  Yes hard out.
  It's not just me don't you feel like I think this is a bonding between you and I Jason.
  I think so.
  These same attitude.
  After last year I was like maybe next year and I just I just wasn't feeling it.
  I just wasn't ready this time around.
  Well look you know in my defense there's so many great entertainment options at home.
  Pluto TV has an all American gladiators channel.
  Really.
  Adams Family channel and all Baywatch channel not to keep bringing that up but with a myriad of entertainment options at home.
  Why would I yet let teenagers scream at me.
  Yeah why.
  Now Mike can you tell us.
  We actually walked the dog and we talked about Pluto TV for a while.
  Pluto TV.
  Yeah Pluto's on the brain.
  What is Adams Family all the different the cartoon version the original version and the movies.
  No no no John Astin.
  It's just the original version.
  Yeah it's just yeah.
  That's fun though.
  They just like randomize episode they go in and I think it's because of because it's October they put on a spooky channel.
  There does seem to be year round an all wall burgers channel.
  It is becoming like people's parody of what people where people we thought cable was going that there is you can you're skimming through like 153 wall burgers.
  That's it.
  So is there ever like wall burgers behind the scenes commentaries wall burgers the movie.
  It's no it's only the show wall burgers over and over again.
  So Pluto TV is truly the future.
  I would have to say so sort of the future we all envision depending on how much wall burgers you wanted in your future.
  Then yeah the future is now.
  Well that sounds fun.
  I'm glad you were having a good time while I was at these haunts watching great television.
  So yes let's start with horror nights.
  There's a lot to get through so I'll just try to hit universal universal Hollywood horror nights.
  Now I am going we're going to do Lindsay and I are going to do Orlando Horror Nights which I was under the impression was more hardcore than the one in Los Angeles.
  But I don't think you'll mind me saying this guest friend of the show Zach Ryder went to Horror Nights for two hours out here and he had already done Orlando and he said scarier out here.
  Everything was scarier out here.
  Really?  He said the scare actors were much more intense.
  He felt like it was more hardcore so I was wrong about that.
  So I guess I'm going into some sort of a lightweight scare zone in Orlando.
  So anyway Jason and Scott are not.
  We will do something else.
  Maybe that's our night to get stuck in the Skyliner.
  Oh maybe.
  Yeah that's yes I mean you get stuck somewhere.
  You could get stuck in the hemisphere.
  Dinner takes too long at Cal Fish.
  You could get in the hemisphere.
  You could get stuck in the hemisphere.
  We could get stuck in the hemisphere.
  While it's flying over Jamaica.
  It's really the original.
  The original airborne trapped story.
  Yeah.
  So I got this very nicely invited by universal.
  There was a red carpet for Horror Nights.
  Oh right.
  Immediately excited because who did I spot on the red carpet but Mr.
 Dan Aykroyd.
  One of my favorite.
  Not playing the blues but wearing an outfit he would play the blues in.
  A vest a purple dress shirt being interviewed because of course Ghostbusters is making its premiere at Horror Nights.
  And which comes up just a couple of times.
  I am pretty sure part of the deal of getting Ghostbusters was having the Crystal Head Vodka be an unofficial drink of Horror Nights.
  Because I had it at Ante.
.
.
  Anahitos.
  Is it Anahitos that's how you pronounce it.
  And then I also had it at the actual event.
  So he must have he's wheeling and dealing and he's trying to get that pure Crystal Head Vodka which is he said on Joe Rogan you know you can have you have six shots of it no hangover.
  Like he's very clear it's pure and it's also poured over like mythical stones like there's magic stones they pour the vodka over and it's a whole thing and it's.
  What where.
  That's going to another we'll do a whole Patreon on the Crystal Head Vodka and Dan Aykroyd.
  And I would be interested in the mysticization process.
  Yeah I'm interested in the stones.
  Yeah but I can't I should have written it down but anyway go to the Joe Rogan podcast.
  We always recommend Joe Rogan's podcast on this podcast but I would go to listen to Dan Aykroyd's interview.
  Also it'll be the day when we have a guest who has also been on the Joe Rogan podcast.
  There's no crossover in that Vendetta.
  Joe has an interview with Tony Baxter.
  I don't believe so.
  Okay.
  No no no.
  We have Garland did it.
  Garland did it?  Yeah yeah.
  Oh no shit alright one wow.
  One unifying element.
  Wow well I'm proud of that.
  Yeah so we do have a crossover.
  Next stop Bernie Sanders.
  Yeah we've got Sanders lined up for end of October to talk about Coney Island.
  I didn't like it.
  Too silly.
  Don't look at it.
  Unpleasant.
  Distracted from work.
  So also on the red carpet you know Jason Blum and just a random Jabberwocky.
  Now just one Jabberwocky.
  I ran out of time to do both the shows at these both places.
  I didn't see the Jabberwockys.
  I did not see Brian Henson's Puppet Up.
  Oh I have seen that before.
  And people rave about it but we did not have time to do all of it.
  I think I've talked about one of my first jobs was like an intern PA at the HBO Comedy  Festival and Puppet Up was like one of the big shows that year.
  And so I had to help them pack up their like trunks of piles of puppets.
  Just piles of loose puppets in the trunks and stuff.
  Wow then they weren't in there saying like watch it mister.
  Nope.
  It was just piles of muppet-y kind of puppets.
  But everyone was really nice.
  Well that's good.
  Anyway I think I'm going to go back to not so I'm going to do another scary forum night  before the season is over so I will see Puppet Up.
  I will give a report.
  So anyway so I went there with my buddy Horonites excuse me with my buddy Luke my childhood  friend.
  He'll be on the show.
  I think he should probably do the Tommy Bartlett's Robot World.
  Wisconsin Dells episode.
  Just calling that shot now.
  Any time whenever we get to that.
  And he is like a recent scare.
  He was sort of a scaredy cat like I was.
  We both grew up similar scaredy cat situations.
  So we met up with Carly and eventually.
  Carly Weisel you're saying.
  Carly Weisel and eventually Todd Martins from LA Times.
  So we're a little.
  She's a little theme park people know each other.
  Yeah.
  We're in a little group going.
  And he is not a scare guy.
  And neither is Carly.
  So we went we immediately.
  So the thing with Horonites in LA like a lot of the rides is you know it's about 20 minutes  plus to walk to the front to the downstairs area.
  So we want to do good.
  They were saying basically we're going to do Ghostbusters first maybe killer clowns.
  And that's it.
  We're out.
  So we all walked down to Ghostbusters.
  Now Ghostbusters is the farthest away it possibly could be.
  Is it on this back lot?  Yes.
  So you have to walk all the way through the park down the the star.
  Excuse me the.
  Oh yeah.
  The star way.
  Oh motherfucker.
  Yeah.
  And he goes no smoking on the star way.
  That includes weed.
  Don't sit on my stair edge.
  I'll slice your butt.
  I'm coughing now from doing that.
  I wanted to do more.
  There was McGruff earlier.
  We got to be careful with the instruments.
  Yeah.
  So so so I went down the star way.
  Don't do it.
  Don't try doing Jimmy Durante.
  I leave that to Jason.
  So I also silenced everyone so we could hear the announcement say weed.
  I was like weed.
  And then it said weed and I was very excited.
  So we did Jurassic World.
  I didn't know that that IREX is gone.
  There's just a blanket up where it should be on Jurassic World.
  IREX.
  Whatever it's called.
  Indominus World.
  Indominus Rex.
  What's it called?  Oh yes.
  Indominus Rex.
  Yeah.
  It's just it's there's a there's it's like I suppose they're going to put the real version in.
  But IREX that Owen Grady and Claire Dearing are trying to avoid.
  Yes.
  And that T-Rex saves you from.
  So that's hopefully going to get installed anyway.
  So then at this point I didn't know where any of these mazes were.
  So you go down by Transformers and then take a right and then you have to walk forever into a tunnel which is a scare tunnel.
  Yeah.
  Toxic Tunnel Scare Zone.
  Right.
  Toxic Tunnel Scare Zone.
  Yes.
  Now I know about this from friends of the show.
  Mr.
 Strickland, Justin Michael clown on this.
  They have made fun of the toxic tunnel to me.
  And even the copy on the website says yes.
  If you wish to experience the mazes on our Metro lots you'll have to go through the tunnel once again.
  Like toxic tunnel alternate name for Twitter.
  I got him.
  Brackham.
  Brackham.
  I guess I'll just say it now.
  I got hit with a pipe in the toxic tunnel.
  What the fuck?  So this happened on both.
  I didn't get hit with a pipe.
  I actually kind of get hit by a giant foam hand though.
  It nuts.
  So we're walking through the tunnel.
  We're walking through the tunnel and Luke, he was like he was starting to get scared because like it is kind of scary in there.
  Like the atmosphere is scary.
  And he kind of tried to like add a performer and then the performer was like irritated by it.
  You could tell.
  I was like don't do that.
  You're like egging him on now.
  And I swear he like kind of ran at us and I think it got loose and his pipe like flew out of his hand and hit me in the like the calf.
  And I was like that's a real pipe.
  That's not a plastic pipe.
  And I guess I could have sued.
  I guess I still can.
  But I was like well that's that's a little bit of extra horror for me.
  And this pipe ain't filled with weed.
  No it's not a bong.
  Oh my throat hurts again.
  No yeah stay away.
  No I got to stay away.
  So anyway so that was a yeah I got scared when I got hit.
  So anyway so we went to Ghostbusters and Ghostbusters have you watched videos of these?  I've watched most of the maze walkthroughs.
  Have you watched anything?  No.
  Okay I don't know.
  I'm too scared to do that.
  Is that true?  No.
  That's not true.
  I did not watch after watching like eight of these in a row I was like I don't feel great.
  Like I don't really.
  You were spooked.
  I felt unnerved more than anything else.
  Also because I was watching.
  Hold on.
  Let me give them a shout out officially.
  Sharp Productions has very good walkthroughs of all of this and I think I just felt bad  that this one woman at Horror Night she had a friend with her but like they let her and  her cameraman go through by themselves.
  You got every scare and it's a little draining after a while because all these mazes take  like five minutes to go through.
  Like halfway through I was like I can't.
  This would be the time to stop but there's still three minutes left to the video.
  So you've watched a lot of these.
  I watched a lot of them.
  I'm trying to like maybe next year.
  So you think maybe you're easing yourself in.
  Well because watching the Ghostbusters one I really was sad I was not there because I  was like.
  I have the Ghostbusters here just so you can have a little frame of Reverend Scott.
  The Ghostbusters one I think easily is like the least scary.
  They've got a Louis Tully one running around outside which is really fun.
  There's a Janine.
  All the sound cues.
  They're blasting Ray Parker Jr.
's Ghostbusters outside.
  It's very fun.
  The sound cues from the movies were really like oh god I really do like these movies.
  There's a weird fan culture around these movies but I was just like oh the movies themselves  are so nice.
  So nice.
  Oh from 2?  Noah for yeah.
  Yeah no it's only one.
  No maybe next year it will be two.
  That would be fun.
  Yeah.
  And apparently there's only a firehouse in Hollywood.
  There is not one in Orlando.
  It's just a different exterior.
  I mean we got all the set houses here.
  We got all the prop houses, makeup, the litany of actors in LA.
  So we do have advantages in that sense.
  So maybe they just had a firehouse in LA.
  Yeah.
  So this maze probably I think like this is like a big crowd pleasing maze because you're  trying to judge like a maze on its theming and like you know scares but there's not a  lot of scares except for like the demon which pops out at you.
  And what Universal does which is different than I think all the other haunts is they  have these sound cues that even though you can go like oh I see Slimers about to come  out of the darkness you walk in there and then it's just the loudest thing in the world.
  So yeah here you go Janine.
  There's a fun this guy playing Egon back there.
  Paul Rusty and Egon.
  Doing like a very Paul Rust exaggerated like flailing with the trap and then going through  another door.
  So we went through this and this is a very good first one because like again like very  light on scares, cool effects.
  You know you got no themed Ghostbusters experiences these days without the Florida show anymore  and so nice to see this all physicalized.
  Yes so that that yes it was fun and it kind of makes you wish there was like a full on  ride and that the scope like the scope is already pretty good for a maze but it's like  you know you could imagine what the full like I mean I guess that's a little scary.
  We're looking at a ghost just like flailing his head around.
  A clown ghost.
  A clown ghost which you'll see in of course the clown killer clowns a little bit later.
  So yeah they and they have like a big stay puff that comes up at the end here.
  I was trying to fast forward it but I feel like my computer is being stupid.
  Oh yeah there there's a great effect of Slimer getting shot by a proton pack gun.
  What do you call the gun?  Proton packs what they were in the back.
  Oh I don't know.
  Good question.
  Someone's mad.
  Someone's really mad.
  I'm sorry.
  Zach Ryder probably mad at us.
  So yeah and there's Slimer he's coming down the hall so like you get all your.
  It's cool.
  So that one especially I think like would have been worth it to go and then you could  just go on the ride.
  So anyway so we did that.
  We did.
  And so at that point Carly and Todd they're out.
  They go yeah.
  Carly and Todd my VIPs.
  You've got to go through the scare zone.
  You have to.
  Yes.
  First off you're very far.
  Yes.
  Like we've all done worked or at least done runs on the Universal lot.
  It is a huge it is an incorporated city.
  It's sizable.
  I walked we walked so much.
  Yeah.
  As much as Six Flags though.
  Yeah.
  We talked about that.
  So yeah.
  So we so they they actually ended up going to killer clowns right after this and then  leaving.
  That would be the one I'm like oh no no thanks.
  Like I'm not that scared of clowns but killer clowns.
  No thank you.
  That one though I will say is lit well.
  OK.
  It's still scary but that one's lit well as opposed to a lot of the ones I've seen in  the dark.
  You can see it coming.
  You can see the creepy clowns coming and it's got a little bit of a sense of humor.
  If I can say as I was watching all those sharp production walkthroughs they had some of out  of state haunts and in at the Kentucky Kingdom Park there is a haunt maze just called Clowns  Funeral.
  I just thought that was really odd.
  I like look I like I like that.
  Yeah I like.
  I'm being honest with you I like the premise of that.
  Yeah.
  So yeah then Lucas so basically Luke and I going in and we're both like we didn't end  up doing everything because we kind of dawdled.
  We should have.
  Lindsay and I did like everything.
  We did not dawdle.
  Which so so we went on the Frankenstein versus Wolfman universal one and that was fun.
  That I thought the theming was real.
  I thought that was really neat.
  Yes.
  That one was very neat.
  And then a trick I saw at a lot of the universal houses that end off like a property like with  a movie poster at the end and then the guy jumps out of the poster.
  It's a curtain.
  When we did what's it called the Blue Blade Delirium.
  Yeah.
  Is that what it's called.
  There was a great effect of coming through a screen.
  Yeah.
  That works every time.
  So then we did Stranger Things.
  Huge bust.
  Boy.
  Everyone who I think I talked to said boring and the one in Orlando is better too.
  But like this one just felt very flat.
  There was a few like a big monster on the field.
  But like I don't know.
  And I'm also I don't watch the show.
  So I guess I shouldn't comment completely on the Duffer Brothers.
  Duff it.
  How long seasons they did try to do two seasons in one maybe over overreached.
  So anyway then we did Killer Clowns which this is how Killer Clowns looks.
  It's neon.
  It's lit very well.
  So it's cool and fun.
  And it is still scared like Luke and I both think now there you go.
  It's not.
  Yeah.
  It's not without it scares.
  Jason did you watch this.
  Just a surprise clown.
  You didn't know.
  Yeah.
  But it's like doing OK.
  Yeah.
  I couldn't tell if that was a statue or these are these big.
  Oh God.
  What do we got here.
  There's like there's like my I think they're eggs with the clowns inside of them which  is like all you know they're going to hatch.
  Yeah.
  They're going to hatch clowns.
  I actually never seen this movie.
  I feel like maybe I need to see it now.
  I don't really need to see it but I'll I'll I'm trying to branch out to I watched Hell  Raiser a month ago because I never watched these.
  Yeah.
  These movies as a kid because I was too scared.
  So now I'm you know finally getting brave in my mid 30s.
  So we did this.
  I did not get hit by a pipe.
  Thank goodness.
  And this one I would say is one of more one of my favorites.
  And then we went we did the mummy which is the same old mummy.
  And then we ran into we were just saying Justin Michael and he was there and we finally ran  into him and Betsy Sadaro who will be a future guest on the show.
  And we were out braved like by so much.
  They were like pros of this.
  So Luke and I after feeling like we were like kind of brave we were we started going in  with Betsy and Justin and they as you were saying with these people that went in alone  they wanted all the scares.
  My tactic is follow behind another group.
  They get the scares and I get to see what's coming.
  That is not and you love haunts you're saying.
  I do.
  That's you.
  I do love haunts but that's part of it is part of it is the fear you know because you're  trying to be scared.
  But that's my way.
  Everyone does their haunts differently.
  You know sure.
  Yeah.
  So but they Betsy did this thing which is she would when we were about to go in she  held she put her arms out to hold us.
  So the group in front would just like have a nice 30 second buffer.
  Geez caught onto your scheme.
  Yeah I mean I get those scares.
  I don't think she caught into my scheme.
  I think that's just what they were doing all night.
  So there was and they would also like if they missed a scare they would still like we would  run into people a little bit.
  If they missed the scare they would just sit in front of it and wait.
  Yeah.
  They come out every like these are scare pros.
  So these are obviously they've been doing this for years.
  They're like way into it.
  And then we went to Pandora's Box and that was cool.
  And I'm just trying to breeze through some of this.
  So I was into Pandora's Box on holidays and held two original mazes.
  I feel like yes Hollywood Horror Nights usually got the reputation of like all licensed all  licensed ones which they do a very good job at.
  Oh yeah.
  It's crazy that for like two months of the year there's like eight brand new attractions  sets actors.
  Yes it's crazy that they put these things up.
  The puppets are really wild too.
  I wish more attractions had puppets.
  I guess then you need a puppeteer.
  Yeah I mean like especially at Knotts they have those and you saw them when we went on  the tour last year.
  They have these giant puppets like aliens and sharks.
  Yeah like they're huge and terrifying and like there's a demon.
  It's cool to see.
  I guess it makes it so that you can go see these like big puppets in person because like  movies don't do these.
  Yes.
  Deploy puppets as much so like and with seeing a practical slimer even just in that video  was exciting you know because I don't need to complain about digital effects.
  Plenty of podcasts have done that but still just like it's cool to know this is a place  you can go when somebody's operating a big puppet.
  You can see puppets and you can see puppets doing improv too.
  That's not scary for them.
  Saying naughty words.
  How many of the puppets a puppet up say weed every night?  I bet half.
  If a puppet opened their mouth and then a puff of smoke came out I go am I in hell?  How messed up can you be?  That would be totally twisted if a puppet smoked weed.
  So we did yeah so we did holidays from hell too which is very I will say that's a fun concept  of every you go through every holiday and it is twisted in there.
  There's like a person stuffed on the Thanksgiving table.
  That's very gross.
  Santa Claus is like some pervert guy.
  He's wandering around.
  Big boner.
  I don't think he had a boner.
  I think the universe would not.
  That would only be like a Bill and Ted.
  Maybe a Bill and Ted show they would have a boner.
  Santa's boner?  I saw on the Save Bill and Ted Facebook group which I am a part of because I join all these  things right before we do an episode.
  Somebody was like I heard from a cast or whatever they call a cast member that Bill and Ted's  coming back.
  The film is coming back.
  The film is coming back.
  So Bill and Ted might not be gone forever.
  We'll see.
  If Bill and Ted comes back you have to go to Horror Nights.
  This is the bet we can make is in 2020 or I guess no in 2021 will we be able to see Bill and Ted say  President Elizabeth Warren?  President Seth Bullock?  That's a guy.
  I just learned about that guy today.
  I don't know.
  I just know the name.
  I don't know what it's deal is.
  Of course the answer is President Donald Trump.
  Convicted felon Donald Trump rotting in prison due to Ukraine which unfolded very felon since 2019.
  Donald Trump.
  I'll take the bet now that that's going to happen.
  See you in jail sucker.
  So we got to us.
  I liked us the movie.
  I enjoyed it.
  I haven't seen it but the trailer scared me.
  People didn't like it as much as get out but I liked it.
  I read about what it's about and I think I think I want to try the movie but the trailer I mean the  walkthrough on this is terrible.
  Tim Heidecker fantastic rolling it and there's a Heidecker lookalike in the maze here.
  And it's fantastic.
  That's neat.
  And they have the music playing outside.
  I will say this is my favorite of all the horror nights.
  Santa Cruz boardwalk.
  Santa Cruz boardwalk.
  You're going through the trees here.
  There are there are mirrors to like funhouse mirrors that literally every time I saw myself I thought it  was a stranger.
  I thought it was a scary actor.
  They fooled me almost every time.
  I go oh it's me.
  They just set him up where you like turn and there's a reflection.
  You don't know.
  Wow.
  Yes.
  And it's just yeah because that's in the movie.
  So they go through like all the things all the pieces of the movie.
  I don't want to spoil the movie but there's yeah the Santa Cruz boardwalk where you see your doppelganger  and then they go through the different the vacation house that the main family has and then the bougie  house that Tim Heidecker and his family have and like the perfect combination of like I recognize this  very well themed and scaring the shit out of me.
  That was the first thing when I asked you how it was.
  Hopefully they have the same guy because it might be a different person or no no that's the original family.
  The family from the film.
  That's the family from the film.
  And there's one and I will say I think I've said this before my my maybe most scared is when they have like a  dummy setup and you know one is a human.
  But you don't know which one.
  But you know what you know the setup.
  So I walk into the room and I'm like one of these are human but I don't know which you're not scared of the surprise.
  You're scared of like oh god it's coming.
  It's like guessing which one it is.
  So like for whatever reason that gets me every time.
  So yeah so you go into their house here and as soon as all four of us were alone stepped into this living room  which is perfectly recreated and like looks just like a living room.
  It's the same size as a living room.
  We all four went like we all four made that noise because it's just a living room.
  Yeah.
  And there's something so unnerving about recreating like just normal life that like for whatever reason of all of the things  that horror nights just recreating a living room freaked us out.
  When I asked you how it was this was the first thing you told me about is like we got freaked out by the living room.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  I think that's I'm trying to psychologically I'm analyzing it but we got freaked out by the living room.
  And then yeah this is also something where like there's so many different sets.
  I was pretty impressed.
  So I'm hoping we get to the high decker look alike in one second here.
  Also all these we'll post like links to all of these walkthroughs.
  I did not take these walkthroughs because I was too scared.
  Although I do have a walkthrough of killer clowns that Luke took of me now that I think about it.
  Oh boy yes.
  Which is just.
  I mean that's a full sized fake car.
  Like that is.
  Yeah the scope of this.
  The scope of this is so.
  Yeah.
  Impressive.
  Yes.
  Find all the space.
  It's all like so it's all taking over a few areas.
  And yeah it's like how how.
  So this is the high decker house.
  Oh yeah.
  And there he is.
  Oh my god.
  Like pretty close.
  Wow.
  And Elizabeth Moss.
  Fake Elizabeth Moss.
  Yeah.
  So we go in there and then the whole thing ends like sort of in this creepy I don't want to spoil the movie but this creepy underground thing.
  And another thing where you're like all of a sudden you're in the middle of this movie and you're like oh we made another noise.
  We're like.
  And just really great.
  Well so this bloom connection is pretty huge.
  I mean it seems like this is very successful that it's getting very recent.
  Well like fan beloved properties into the park.
  Two twin little girls just popped out of doors.
  Yeah.
  And then you go back to the boardwalk and you go underground.
  Yes the bloom connection is strong with the movies.
  It feels like he's he's.
  Don't we read he's getting involved in the Universal Monsters now.
  Yeah.
  So he's into this.
  I think he was nice to get involved.
  Jordan Peele was also on the red carpet.
  Yeah.
  And I'm sure he's into this.
  I'm sure he had a lot to do with this.
  Obviously two halves of the best comedy duo's are he and Peele and the Blues Brothers.
  Good point.
  The one and two.
  I would be very interested in this.
  Maybe we should think about this for next Halloween is like the tricks like the stagecraft and stuff because what I noticed a lot in watching these walkthroughs is a thing that is unnerving but it's so simple.
  It's just people banging on the walls like they just pick up when they jump out at you or if it seems like they're just going to walk by you then they smack the wall and it makes a horrifying noise and it works every time.
  It's very scary.
  And yeah so this was we actually did the holidays one last but this was second to last and this was my favorite.
  Did you do House of a Thousand Corpses?  We did not make it to Creepshow or House of a Thousand Corpses.
  It was our we were you know it was the first haunt of the season.
  I wasn't we were a little scared still and also I woke up with a night terror this night after doing this.
  Jesus.
  I didn't remember it though.
  Lindsay was like you remember you just woke up in the middle of the night and didn't know where you were.
  But you do that a lot is what you've said.
  I do it depends if the room is very dark I tend to do it but for whatever reason I think I was just like tense.
  Oh yeah here you go.
  There's a bunch of dummies.
  And yeah very scary.
  So yeah we did Horror Nights very fun.
  How was the waits?  You were at a preview night kind of thing.
  Yeah we had I look I don't want to brag we had the front of the line.
  Yeah the front of the line.
  Although Betsy and Justin had those as well so you can you know buy them.
  That is a tip if you're going to Horror Nights to any of these haunts they say if you really want to do the whole thing splurge for the front of the line.
  Passes.
  Yes I would say.
  For Faslane they called it knots.
  Yeah because for knots it's like maybe actually both especially but like knots it's like it's 45 minutes in line and we got to knots a little after it started.
  Yeah.
  We still barely did everything.
  Nine houses there.
  Nine mazes.
  Yes and if there's two shows there's like actually three shows they burn a witch apparently somewhere.
  At the hanging.
  Yeah the hanging we were talking to a performer there and we'll talk about that in a second.
  Sure.
  And there's puppets cursing and smoking weed and like you know there's so much stuff so yeah.
  And a conjurer.
  Yes.
  There's a conjurer show.
  There's a lot of stuff going on at knots.
  I guess we will let's transition to knots.
  Yeah scary farm.
  We'll take a we'll take a brief break and we'll be right back.
  A spooky break.
  Knotts.
  Alright we are back on podcast the ride.
  No.
  Haunt cast the fright.
  Oh man I did this.
  You're going to hear me do this a couple times this month.
  It's hard to adjust.
  It's like switching time zones.
  It's crazy.
  I'm so sorry.
  What was my name again?  You're Mike Coffinson.
  Okay.
  And that's Jason Skeleton.
  Rod Skardner and oh oh.
  Do you have a name?  No I don't.
  I just realized we probably should have that.
  Feel free to invent your own.
  Jason's got one.
  Introducer.
  Introducer.
  It's returning guests.
  Laceration kill tie.
  Kill tie?  Pretty good right?  What is the tie?  Like your serial killer.
  What is the tie?  Huh?  It's the end of her regular day.
  I was going to say.
  What is it?  Lindsay kill tie.
  It's just jammed like any of these.
  It's just jammed in there.
  Skardner isn't anything.
  The only thing that works is Skardner.
  Of the three you just said.
  Skardner is the only one that makes any sense.
  It works the hardest because it was my name.
  How about like gouge eye?  Like you're gouging out an eye.
  But then it's still AI.
  Well but it's silent.
  It's like at least that's a thing.
  What about black cat tie?  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  Black cat tie.
  I don't think it has to actually be a full word.
  It just has to kind of sound.
  If you had sound.
  I like the cleanliness of it though.
  If you had actually done the creep show maze you could have gotten tips from the creep.
  An original character not at all like the creep keeper.
  Word of warning you're probably gonna lose me for the next half hour while I try to crack  this.
  Lindsay cat's eye.
  Sorry.
  Wait nevermind you got it.
  Lindsay cat's eye.
  Oh yeah that's good.
  Thanks guys.
  I just needed a minute.
  Yeah.
  Alright.
  Well welcome Lindsay cat's eye.
  Thank you for having me whatever your names were.
  Yeah it's hard to remember.
  The only nickname I've ever had for Jason.
  I mean there's nicknames but like the only one that's a play on your last name is Jason  shareable.
  Why is that?  Like sharing apps.
  Like apps.
  Shareable apps.
  Like that's a word they use on a menu.
  So at a certain point.
  And also you know I don't it's funny because you know I don't want to share them.
  I was gonna say yeah Jason's not sharing apps.
  That's a good point.
  Also somebody who doesn't like to share as far as food is concerned either.
  The lady Jason Sheridan.
  Yeah everyone gets their own right then everyone's happy.
  Yep.
  I don't I don't want to share.
  Maybe a taste.
  That's mine.
  So you know for next time.
  Fair enough.
  But do you want to share.
  If you want a couple fries.
  Sure.
  But let's not go there.
  You're not getting half of the thing.
  No.
  Would you like to share your thoughts about nuts scary fun.
  Which you were made to visit by your boyfriend.
  So yes I asked some other people first because you initially turned it down.
  You turned down horror nights.
  You don't love the scary stuff yet.
  So then I said.
  I'm getting there.
  So then I said after after a couple rounds of people saying they couldn't make this night  I threw it back to you and you reluctantly said you wanted to go.
  And what was my main motivating factor in that.
  That you I think this is what you're gonna say.
  You wanted to be braver than Jason and Scott.
  Correct.
  I went through the maids going I'm cooler than Scott and Jason.
  She was in the middle of screaming screaming her head off in terror and clutching into  my back with her fingers.
  She kept being like I'm cooler than Jason and Scott.
  I wasn't screaming my head off in the mazes themselves.
  I just love it when someone says about me.
  I felt like an insane person when that scare actor jumped at me.
  The reason I think there's such an intensity about it is because of you were literally  clutching me.
  In a way that was really alarming me and that thought maybe I had made a big mistake.
  It was just the first one.
  No, no, of course.
  But I'm just saying like I thought oh you know you're gonna yell a little bit and then  you'll get used to it.
  But you were like the first maze was so intense I was worried.
  I was a bit worried.
  You thought I was gonna be a night ruiner.
  Well not that night I just didn't like I was like oh I'm traumatizing.
  I'm like legit traumatizing you.
  You said it was like with Luke you could just sort of laugh and be like hahaha Luke is  scared but you didn't want to do that to me.
  Yes, that is a good point.
  I felt a different feeling.
  I guess it's love.
  Love Michael.
  I guess it's caring.
  I mean Luke I've been friends with since they're great and I'll say love.
  I probably would look but it's love.
  I'll say it's a different type of love.
  Love Michael.
  Last year when we walked through the scare zones at Nauts I definitely did some light  clutching.
  Oh yeah no you did a full on arm clutch.
  Yeah I did a full on.
  You remember that.
  I don't know.
  We're going to a cattillion.
  You held on to that one.
  No I think you say it on the last episode.
  I think you brought it up.
  Because Jason when the scare actor comes at us in the Calico town Jason turns and just  clutches in my arm.
  Because it's so dark and it's so foggy.
  The wandering scare actors were the scariest part for me.
  Because they're yeah so they're right.
  So we get there.
  We got there a little bit after it opens at like seven o'clock and the scare actors are  right up on you.
  Because last time when we did it we went in like we were you know in a room back room  for six hours and then we went in the side but we went in the official entrance and they  don't give you any breathing room for it.
  There is no like you're put you're trying to get your stuff back in your bag from the  bag check and they are right there ready to fuck with you.
  Oh man you try to delay.
  I didn't know they existed.
  I didn't warn you about it.
  I didn't know there were just free floating scare actors.
  I thought it was just in the damn mazes.
  That is what makes me not want to be there.
  You don't get a break every fucking second.
  You're just like there's nobody in the bathrooms.
  You get breaks but then suddenly you'll be like oh we need to get to this spot and there  will be 20 of them just wandering around.
  It was so intense.
  We had pockets where there were very few people around and then all of a sudden they'd run  in a tent of them.
  And there was that one where it was like intense fog and you truly didn't know where they were  lurking.
  And my being afraid apart from that first scare actor who yelled and then I just like  screamed in his face, his or her face.
  Mostly my fear was manifesting as extreme defensiveness and a challenging nature to  the scare actors.
  You did the same thing that I talked about this.
  I got hit with a pipe because Luke tried to challenge a scare actor at Horror Nights.
  And you were doing the same thing which is like you were trying to kind of get ahead  of it and like almost like like tough guy.
  I was trying to project like a safety sphere, like an invisible safety sphere around myself.
  So I just like kept my eye on the scare actors like I know where you are.
  I know where you are so don't come at me.
  But that just made them want to come at me.
  They started following me a couple of them because I had made such intense eye contact  and it was one of those sliders.
  The sliders were the worst ones with the sparking knee pads.
  I was freaking out at the possibility that they would catch me off guard.
  They would catch you on fire.
  It's going to be a spark.
  The big old spark.
  Lights up your pants.
  It's scary.
  Yes.
  I hate all of this.
  There were so many of them.
  I figured out my, I think I'm sure I talked about this last year, but I was surprised  to find this come back when we did, I figured out my move, how I deal with these people  is that I didn't even know, this wasn't even a plan, but it's what came out of me.
  It's me just going, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  And I didn't even, it's like I don't even know it's coming out of me, but it came back  when we just went and did this thing that we haven't talked about that I think we had  a pretty good time at.
  This sandbox VR.
  We got to try a new VR experience and this was a surprisingly scary thing where there  were big bug creatures in your face.
  And I once again, and there's very pathetic video of us all in a green screen environment  and me going up to nothing and going, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,  we got hit with giant bugs, like eight foot tall bugs were attacking us and the haptic  feedback on the vests was very aggressive.
  I kind of liked it.
  You like the haptic feedback?  I like the haptic feedback because like I think what for me that like I love haunted  houses when it's just robots, when it's just animatronics, when it's just hinges, you know,  when it's just that I love it.
  But when it's even as a kid, like I went through one or two with like actors and I did not  like it at all.
  Like the human actor element, although last year that was kind of deescalated by week  after recording, both saw scare actors using the same restroom as we had been and then  also saw them eating lunch.
  So we kind of got a little deescalation going in.
  So they were just people like us.
  Yeah, they were waving.
  They were saying hi.
  You guys, you got through the turnstiles.
  You just got sliders right at you.
  And truly I didn't know that they that that was a role that got played.
  We were trying to take a photo of us and I feel like we didn't have enough time because  we were like, oh, there's one coming around the bank.
  Yeah, any second now.
  And then you went to the bathroom.
  And they're right outside the bathrooms.
  We both went to the bathroom and then I came out right as one chased like seven 13 year  old girls up into the bathroom area.
  And they obviously had they had they couldn't go past into the bathroom to scare actors  are not allowed to scare you in the bathroom.
  That would be unacceptable.
  People be like peeing everywhere.
  It was a thing I already knew.
  I knew that they can't touch you.
  I knew that.
  But you did.
  You reminded me like they can't touch you.
  And then I was walking.
  I was so I was saying one or one of two things out loud.
  I'm cooler than Scott and Jason.
  Yes.
  Yeah, that's fine.
  They can't touch me.
  They can't touch me.
  Those were her mantras all night.
  And I yes, she yes, you were like quietly muttering it during the mazes.
  Let me test your bravery, though.
  You know about the Skyliner accident.
  And I did not know what your level of willingness to go on the Skyliner, know the new gondolas  at Disney World, knowing that there was an accident.
  OK, what happened?  A minor crunching situation.
  Well, they're one of the gondolas did not get correctly.
  He kept the cable.
  It was still on the track in the station.
  So then it caused a backup to crunch.
  These were unoccupied.
  But it stopped the whole system for about two to three hours.
  So people just dangling and gondolas.
  And when I was in the rest room, when I was in cleaning my bathroom upstairs just now,  I did hear you say that you would still go on it.
  Mm hmm.
  And you would welcome the accident.
  I didn't say welcome the accident.
  You would welcome the sweet embrace of death is what I think you said.
  I'd make lemonade out of lemons and make content out of the axe.
  I'd make heaven lemonade out of death lemons.
  He just wants to be stranded in the air for six to eight hours.
  That's all he wants.
  Bring a lemon and make lemonade out of the emergency bag water.
  That is true.
  Well, if I bring country time powder.
  Would you by the way, bring it everywhere anyway?  Sure.
  Emergency bag.
  Jason Country Time Sharables.
  That is what will kill me is getting apps as my meal and too much sugar.
  Jason it with lemonade.
  That's your name during like the Boysenberry Festival coverage, I guess.
  Or I guess.
 Or there has to be some sort of a lemonade.
  The scary the scares from that come.
  Jason, they run out of boys.
  Yeah.
 Jason Country Time.
  Baradun.
  Wow.
  Oh, that's good.
 And that's also a rhymeable name.
  Thank you.
  Barry Tales character to the nuts, old nuts, dark ride.
  So you're upset before even going in a thing.
  So, yeah, you are.
 Yeah, I was immediately accosted by the scare actors.
  And then I true.
 I really was for a bit.
  Oh, don't pet him while he's under the.
  Oh, no.
 Speaking of rates.
  I'm surprised Edwin from under a blanket.
  He's become a little bit crankier when it comes to being touched  while he's under a blanket or something like he won't let me pet him  when he's in his little deep dish cuddler at night now.
  He only lets me touch him in the cuddler for whatever reason.
  It's special.
  Talk him back.
  ET and Ellie.
 Yeah.
  Ram, Ram, Ram.
 Sorry.
  So that scare actor coming up.
  Oh, my God.
  Scared dog.
  I would never forgive you if you like hit a scare actor in the scare.
  Well, don't know how in the apartment.
  You should never go on Ellen then, because she always has like a guy.
  That's true.
 Box.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
 Scare you.
  She's in the box, too, with a fucking war criminal.
  She loves being in boxes with devious figures.
  Lives.
 Look, it takes all kinds.
  And that's why I am friends with Satan.
  We have we go to soccer games together.
  It's fun.
 Yeah.
  It's subtle differences in political beliefs.
  OK, so bathrooms.
  Where did you guys go from there?  So there's so bathrooms.
  Where did you go?  We did hit up the bathrooms first.
  And then we took a photo in front of the scary farm.
  The sign.
  Yes.
 So at this point, we walk over.
  So we when we toured last year, we toured the depths and we toured dark entities.
  So we went over to that zone because there's four mazes that way,  which is by Ghost Rider.
  Oh, we haven't eaten.
  We haven't eaten pizza.
  We both got disgustingly large pieces of pizza.
  Which I had like just didn't have the stomach for it  because I'd been sick all that week because of that oat milk.
  Right.
 Oh, yes.
  Hey, spoiler.
 Oat milk talk.
  Oat milk talk with Lindsay coming next month.
  Yeah, that's all we'll say.
  Stay tuned.
 So I and we were like,  I was like wanting to hide out from the slider for a while.
  Yes, because we were right.
  Like the pizza area was right in slider country.
  Yeah, I was like, there was a guy sliding up and down outside of this little window  where you'd buy this pizza, this cafeteria.
  It was like they can't scare you while you're eating.
 Right.
  Well, they I mean, I don't think they can.
  They can.
 I think maybe they're supposed to like if you're holding a drink,  they wouldn't know that.
  And so I was not about to be walking around with a drink.
  Yes, we drank our boys and Barry beers on a crate  and we waited to enter the scare zone before.
  Oh, yeah.
 Wait, excuse me, to finish our drink before entering the scare zone.
  And then I most of your pizza and mine very fast.
  And sweet night for Mike.
  So I was getting scared on an empty stomach in two beers.
  Yeah, that pizza became a shareable.
  It did a non shareable, a rare share.
  Forced.
 So, yeah.
  So then at that point, I go, are we ready?  Are we ready to do this?  And the first maze we went is paranormal Inc.
, which is  it was maybe the worst one, because the thing I'm afraid of most is ghosts.
  Because you were in the supernatural.
  I know this about you, but you reiterated to me afterward  that a big part of your being scared is because it involved ghosts.
  And you're not scared of aliens.
  You're not scared of sea monsters.
  No, you're scared of ghosts because they're real.
  Yeah.
 Right.
 Yeah.
  So I just started reading The Haunting of Hill House.
  Have you read that? Yeah, it's one of my favorite books.
 OK.
  She just dated an unpleasant diner.
  So that was scary to me because she got rude service.
  She got rude service.
  You mean the Cup of Stars scene? Huh?  No, that was fun.
 That was delightful.
  No, she goes to a not in the town.
  There's like a weird, creepy diner.
  And everyone's like, stay away from my house.
  That was what I right before I came here, I got to that.
  I was like, well, when I get back home to pick this book back up,  she will be at the house.
  So but that book is fantastic.
  I I created an LLC like for in like independent.
  Congratulations.
  Oh, thank you so much.
  I shouldn't have opened it.
  Now I have to pay taxes on it.
 That was very stupid.
  But I named it Cup of Stars because of that.
  That's charming.
 Yeah, that's a very charming moment.
  Because I figure it's it's like me.
  It's like sweet, but creepy.
  That is how that's how I described you to my parents when I started dating.
  She's sweet, but she's creepy.
  But the opening of that book, when they talk about the house is not sane,  the house is or the house is the fear comes from absolute sanity.
  The inability to dream.
  I was like reality.
  Absolute reality.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Is is so unnerving to me.
  And as you're saying that about the paranormal ink, like ghosts and stuff.
  Yeah.
  The best thing about that book is that the book makes you feel like you're  the one being haunted.
  Oh, it's completely disorienting.
  I love it.
 It's so good.
  It's so good.
 And she's not even at the house yet.
  It's very.
 Yeah.
  Which is, yeah, haunted.
  There's a Grant Morrison haunted comic, which is cool, too.
  And you feel like you're being haunted by a ghost while you're reading it.
  Anyway, so Paranormal Inc.
  is the start.
 And basically, if you don't know what this is, it's like a fake  reality ghost hunting show.
  And all of a sudden, this like dummy pulls a lever and releases this scary ghost  who tells everyone I would like to talk to Greg about why he pulled that lever.
  They really don't make it clear.
  Greg, he doesn't.
  He's like, fuck this.
  And then he flips a switch for no reason.
  I was like, you've been watching that house.
  This ghost forms above you, which is very cool and scary.
  And she says, we're all going to die.
  And then I told you this was happening.
  A woman flies out.
 You showed this to me a year ago.
  Yes.
 And I still forgot.
  So you forgot.
  But so a long story short, we did this twice.
  And what was very funny about this is that you kept asking if things were different,  because I didn't realize that your eyes were literally closed the whole time  you were doing this at your first maze.
  I didn't realize until we went back through.
  That's what's even crazier to me.
  I was unconsciously closing my eyes.
  Right.
 But you had like had a memory of all of it, but it was inaccurate.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  So the whole thing is like you're going through like this like fucked up old house  and then you end up in hell.
  And then at the end, you end up in a hospital, which is this one.
  Yeah, which is the one I was raving about last year.
  And yet the effect.
  So I was trying to point out the effect to you.
  And you just kind of were like yelling and were irritated, I feel like.
  And I thought you saw it and you were just unimpressed.
  That was my feeling when the first time we went through it.
  No, I was yelling because a demon was there, but I didn't know where the demon came  from, because apparently I was looking down so intensely.
  All of a sudden you show up in here and there's a woman who's a nurse.
  She's got creepy eye like white contacts.
  And this is the effect.
 There's a giant demon puppet.
  You can't see it.
 And all of a sudden, like it'll short out.
  And then you can see it just eating something.
  Scrim situation, which is very cool.
  It was really cool.
  And I did not see it the first time.
  And you did not see the first time.
  And to your credit, you said, oh, yeah.
  And then there it is again.
  Yeah, like T.
  Rexie.
 And it's huge.
  And it is huge.
 This puppet, this demon puppet.
  And to your credit, after we had done a couple of mazes, you said,  I want to do paranormal ink again.
  Well, I didn't see it because I didn't see it.
  And I wanted to experience it.
  What was that hospital different?  I thought I thought the first time that the lights were not turned on.
  Right.
 Right.
 I was convinced that it was not bright like that.
  And it turned out that I didn't even realize  how little I was looking at my surroundings.
  And yes, as I said, I was just holding on to your shirt.
  You were just like digging your fingers into my sides,  like in just in a way where I was like, truly, I was like concerned.
  I was worried.
 I was not enjoying myself at all.
  Sweet.
 No, it was just the first one, though.
  It was just the first one.
  I'm just saying that's where my mind was like, oh, but that is the difference  where it's like, oh, you love and care about your friend who you've known  a long time, but when you're in a relationship,  there's a protective feeling that you don't have with other friends.
  Yes, I'm trying to think if I was going through the maze with Luke  and he was digging his fingers into my back, you'd probably just be annoyed.
  I'd probably be like, the hell of me.
  Get the fuck over it, Luke.
  Look, I was your best man at your wedding.
  But this isn't come on.
  I draw a line at me.
  Rib digging.
 No rib.
  Ow, my ribs.
  Ow, my ribs.
 My ribs.
 Comedy theater.
  So, yeah.
 So then we did.
  We did those dark entities, which is the alien when we walked through last year.
  Very similar.
  We did the depths, which is the sea monster with that shark.
  Remember that shark? Yeah.
  I will.
 You in these tours of these mazes.
  And I could not wait to not go on them for real.
  I sure didn't.
 What did you think?  I thought it was cool.
 I.
  I really only liked the water effect.
  OK, I don't remember.
  You were still adjusting.
  I feel like these first four was that whole little area.
  I think it wasn't until Waxworks, probably, where I was like, OK,  I think I can get into this a little.
  Yes.
 So we did.
 Yeah, we did that.
  And there's that effect.
  I'm sure I said it last year, but there's the effect where it's just a bunch of fog  and then lasers to make it look like it's maybe water.
  Yeah.
 And that's when like the sea creatures hands are like fins are popping up,  which is very cool.
  But yeah.
 And then dark entities, which has a couple of robots.
  Remember, we saw those robots and those are fun.
  Not worth it.
  I don't remember dark entities very well.
  The robot was performing surgery and was doing a bad job.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  What's interesting to me is that a lot of these houses are like some.
  It's a recognizable place where something goes wrong.
  So the animatronics can be really simple and purposely malfunctioning,  purposely kind of like shitty or hitting stuff like Dark Ride.
  The walkthrough of Dark Ride was another one where I was like,  I kind of wish I saw this like in this this  woman went through Dark Ride.
  There's like a it's a fake Dark Ride.
  So there's a track on the ground, right?  Like you follow a track.
  Yes.
 It's like a broken down haunted ride.
  A carnival ride.
  That was the concept of that.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think that one's lost on me.
  I was not impressed.
  And I am more afraid of clowns than anything else I'm afraid of.
  We there was a listener who tweeted at me.
  I think they were working Dark Ride, but we they were on their break when we did it.
  Sadly, there was a very funny moment I saw in the video of this,  where there was a large man in a top hat who like follows the person going through it  and then tells her to push a button and a button makes a siren goes off.
  And then a man pops out and starts yelling at her that she pushed the button.
  And I think that's such a funny guy.
  Like that's such a funny moment.
  That's the most interactive thing I've heard of.
  I was not that impressed by Dark Ride.
  Yeah, that was not one of my favorites.
  She was cool.
 Well, no, this isn't Dark Ride.
  This is Waxworks.
 Oh, yeah.
  Waxworks is very cool.
  The premise of Waxworks.
  So Waxworks is mysterious.
  Like some strange noises have begun to emanate from the eerie abandoned Wax  Museum, the once prominent plastic surgeon, Dr.
  Augustus Scratch, original knots.
  Original knots.
  Has been seen tinkering at night and is now ready to show off his beautifully  a terrifying, lifelike masterpieces of hot molten wax and bloody flesh.
  So basically he is just experiment, experimenting on humans with wax.
  So look at she's got a wax face.
  It's a creepy Marilyn kind of freak.
  We watched the trailer  on the knots website and it was terrifying.
  It's a woman's face trapped in wax.
  And this is I love this.
  This is like scary founding fathers.
  Yes.
 Great.
 Melting founding fathers.
  They melted Ben Franklin's face on some guy and they dressed him up  because that was a scene in this wax museum at one point, which.
  Cool.
 Like this.
  Yeah.
 So this one this one is the first one you were like, I think you maybe  you had all your bearings and were like impressed by appreciating the.
  And there's just this corpse.
  You have to push your way.
  There's a corpse hanging.
  Yeah.
 Just push the body to the side when you walk by it,  which is, of course, terrifying.
  And like there's a lot of good like this.
  I will say a very tasteful use of water in this a couple of times  when they simulate the boiling wax.
  Oh, yeah.
 And when like what do they dump wax out of like these big?  I don't know what you call them, cauldrons or something.
  I also liked this one more because instead of just wearing a monster mask,  which looks like the fakest thing possible in the waxworks,  it's like humans have been experiencing it on.
  So everybody wearing a creepy doll mask or a melty mask.
  Yeah.
 Really fit the story very well.
  And they looked like the true horror of the story.
  So, yeah, as opposed to like, oh, it's supposed to be a wolf man.
  But you're like, it's just a wolf man rubber mask.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  This one seems like, oh, I could see how the what the horror that these people  may have actually gone through to make them crazy.
  Like all disfigured and crazy.
  Yeah.
 So basically, long story short,  this was the first time when you had like maybe a bit of enjoyment.
  And then at the end, which we don't have to watch all this,  but at the end, as you're leaving, they're dripping water on you  in this like very narrow hallway.
  And yeah, it it smells weird and you feel like it's wax.
  So, you know, you're going to get the wax face as well.
  That's what's going to happen.
  I like the stuff where it's like there was something earlier  that was clearly under a sheet and you think it's going to move,  but it's a trick.
 Nothing happens.
  And it's to draw your attention to and really something's coming at you  from the other direction.
  There's this giant, terrifying Kronenberg puppet.
  Yes.
 Like body horror thing, which is very impressive.
  And they have so many puppets.
  There's so many great puppets at Knott's.
  Hopefully Six Flags doesn't buy Knott's,  which is a rumor we haven't talked about.
  No, they turned down the bid.
 Oh, they did.
  Cedar Fair turned down the bid.
 They said four billion.
  It was too cheap.
 So six for sale.
  Four billion they offered to buy all Cedar Fair, which is interesting  because that's the water, the wax effects, which do drip  and like get close to your legs, which are very cool.
  Six Flags and Knott's are like they are.
  Six Flags has like over twice as many parks as Knott's.
  But in terms of valuations,  it wouldn't Six Flags worth a little more, but it's not worth a lot more.
  Yeah.
 Cedar Fair like probably the right move.
  There are some reasons in the Patreon.
  There will be a.
.
.
  The Friday Fest episode of Patreon.
com, which I guess we just agreed  during the break, which has not come out yet.
  It's not.
 It's not come out yet.
  It's coming out.
  Determined the timeline that you're on listener.
  Yeah.
 But please do subscribe to Patreon.
com slash podcast  right here about Six Flags Friday Fest.
  But for now, what else is Knott's?  So yeah, so so we did waxworks.
  Then we I think had another boysenberry beer.
  Oh, I wanted to say that something funny you did a couple of times,  definitely in the alien one is when  we'd come across somebody who'd been infected.
  You just he went, I'm so sorry, there's nothing we can do for you.
  And the guy went,  I feel like I get less nervous if I say stuff.
  Yeah.
 So I definitely breaks the tension.
  I think I did that in the zombie.
  It's another fast forward.
  A couple of times.
  Yeah.
 If there's a one where it's like zombies or aliens,  where it's like these people are infected,  I guess I should have done in waxworks.
  I mean, you did apologize.
  So sorry, I can't help.
  You were like me once.
  Yeah.
 Like, oh, there, but for the grace of God.
  Bye.
  So we got we collect you were very I feel like we were like we chilled out.
  We had the boysenberry beer and you were like, I can do this.
  I feel like you said I can do this.
  A very dramatic way.
  I went through the mazes like stiff as a board with my hands at my side.
  Just ready as opposed to arms closed.
  Fine as opposed to like gripping Mike or even holding his shirt.
  I was just like, yeah, you were.
  Yes, you were very brave.
  Were you sore the next day?  Going to sleep that night was a little difficult because I still felt on guard.
  Your norphans still still up.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So it's like a book had fallen in the bedroom.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  What I kept saying is it's like it doesn't matter  that you know why you're getting scared.
  Your body doesn't know why you're getting scared.
  Your body just thinks there's a threat and there's been a threat for four hours straight.
  Yes, that's true.
  I think one of the things that might what the fuck.
  I want to keep reading about like the science behind all this,  because I think that can help me demystify it a little like your brain science,  like like why we react to like this startling version and this startling thing.
  And I know people have talked about before,  like fear and laughter are two like just reactions you have.
  Involuntary.
  They're involuntary.
  So, yeah.
  Well, the best research you can do is by seeing Joker in theaters now.
  Fear and laughter clashing.
  You got to.
 They made a Joker movie and there's no Batman.
  There's no Batman to save us.
  It's pretty bald.
  It's pretty experimental.
  But the public went for it and it goes to show experimental films can work these days.
  Sure.
  It's a big risk.
 The studio took a big risk.
  These artists and they they fought the woke culture and they won.
  We're talking about the clown prince of crime.
  Like this guy thinks crime is funny.
  I don't know.
  There's some sounds like a not scary farm idea.
  Yeah, it sounds like you would be like Dr.
  Augustus scratch, you know, as twisted as his brain.
  Where's his origin story?  We're putting Dr.
 Augustus scratch in mean streets.
  Todd Phillips presents.
  Oh, also, I figured out one of these parks could make the bathroom scary  if they theme it to Chuck Berry's old restaurant.
  What's that sound?  What's that?  Recording sound because he hit cameras in a restaurant.
  Oh, of course.
  So I avoided jail time in the bathroom.
  Yeah, in the bathroom.
  Man, was I confused just then.
  I was like, I'm sure it'll be clear in a second.
  Classic reaches.
  There's some weird job very footage out there.
  Just Google.
 We won't talk about it.
  For sure.
  So let's talk about what's a manufactured scary thing.
  I don't know.
  No, no, that's not what you mean.
  It's a different thing.
  And I don't even want to say it later.
  I'll say it later.
  It's disturbing.
  Anyway, so then we did the two things that you guys did last year,  which, of course, are always delightful.
  The Timber Mountain Log Rides.
  Oh, you were going to say a maze.
  Oh, no, no, no.
  This is a legitimate the dark.
  The dark.
  OK, no, the mine cart and the Timber Mountain Log Ride.
  Halloween, which is the Halloween Hootenain.
  The band which and the bear that says  trick or treat.
 Yeah.
  What a fall.
  Really? I wish we had more time to do it again, because it's so fun.
  It goes so fast.
  It's just rocketing through there.
  And there's an original song mountain does better.
  Yeah.
 Well, it's to have a slow and it's very long.
  Yeah.
 There's an original song in there.
  Yeah.
 And I can't find a version of it, but it's just to this ride.
  And it's about like a Halloween Hootenain.
  And that's who the and the band.
  I wrote the name of the band down.
  They are.
 Where is it?  Oh, shit.
 Michael.
  Well, formerly Billy Hill and the Hillbillies at Disneyland.
  Well, no, no, the band on the ride.
 Yeah.
  What a fake band.
  I'm talking about the band with the like swamp monster.
  Oh, I sorry.
 I meant the record.
  The people who record the song.
  Oh, the people who perform at knots now that used to perform.
  Yes.
 I'm just talking about the name of crazy.
  Right, right, right, right, right.
 Yes.
  It is the Calico Coffin Creepers.
  Delightful.
  And it's like there's an alien, there's a swamp monster.
  And they're playing a band.
  I just that is the one part.
  The alien's involvement is the funniest part to me.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Because yes, the grab bag.
  An alien has crash landed in the Timber Mountain Log ride,  and he's joined up in a band because it happens to be Halloween.
  Because it's Halloween.
  And he's just a gray.
 It's just a gray.
  He's not really adored or anything.
  No, he's not like a monster.
  And it is so fun.
  That's the one scene I wish was slower when the bear goes to her treat.
  And then you go around and you see the band.
  I wish we could stop there for like a minute.
  But that was great.
  The lighting around there is really great.
  And anyway, that's yeah, you got to do that.
  Any thoughts on?  Just the minor ride.
  The pressing was so disturbing without being in the Halloween theme.
  They're just sad.
  They're just creepy and sad.
  Yes.
 They've all.
  Our lives.
  Yeah, they've all gone mad from being in this mine.
  And is that an intended story?  Because it certainly felt like they had designed it that way.
  It's a they were disturbing miners.
  If Walter, Walter not probably was like these men got what they deserve.
  They work for a big corporation.
  Get yourself out of the working class.
  Yeah, I want to be out of it.
  Bootstraps, pull yourself up by them.
  Yeah, it's a good question.
  I assume that I assume part of it is like it was tough work,  but also another part of it was like rubber faced robot creeps.
  Just like that's just there's they're only going to look  they're going to look like that, unfortunately, and that especially.
  They've renovated them, but like the year that we're built,  it just felt purposeful.
  That's when we do the episode, maybe we'll look into that.
  That is a good point, because it does.
  It's like it's like the further.
  So like Disneyland has Big Thunder Mountain, it's like,  yeah, you're a miner.
  And then Orlando has the like  song 16 tons where it's just like a mining company  owns your soul and you are indebted to them forever.
  And at the end of the day, there will be shakedowns  to make sure you're not hiding any gold on you.
  And then this one is just like the miners have gone mad  and they're like bordering zombies.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah, that's a good point.
  It's a progression.
 Right.
  Those are all like they're all of a piece.
  Yeah, maybe.
 Yeah.
  Uh, yeah, we'll look into that.
  We'll look at interpretation.
  I'm trying to the one it did open the 60s.
  That opened in the 60s.
 Yeah.
  So do not Walter not have something to do with it?  Yeah.
 Well, when did he die?  When did he die? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I saw his wife, a clip of his wife with the Nats, the Bears,  the Berry Tales Bears on Instagram the other day.
  Anyway, so we did those two.
  Then we did Dark Ride, which is like fine.
  It was fine.
 Fine.
  And I'm really scared of clowns.
 Yeah.
  I have a history with clowns.
  You have a history with clowns.
  They did that it mays last year at that Warner Brothers thing,  which I wanted to do.
  No fucking way.
 Yeah.
  No, not even after this.
  I will never do an it themed clown  because that is the source of my clown fear.
  Oh, oh, the original direct, like the original TV movie Tim  Curry clown.
  I wouldn't shower without someone else in the room with me for three years  because I was convinced a clown was going to come up out of the shower drain.
  Or actually, I say that, but it's not that I was convinced.
  I knew it would not happen.
  But when I got in the shower, I would have a panic attack as though it might.
  I couldn't get it out of my mind.
  So I said, OK, let's go on Dark Ride full of clowns.
  Oh, my God.
 But it was like, OK.
  Yeah.
 So you were.
 Yes, I was a little.
  I felt pretty blah about it.
  Yeah, I was a little worried going in like, OK, maybe this will not be good.
  But yeah, you were like, I think you cut.
  We were like, even like kind of like none of them were Tim Curry.
  So it was fine.
  If by heaven's stands, Tim Curry was working that night.
  It would have been trouble.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So we did that.
 Then we did Shadowlands.
  I liked Shadowlands.
  Shadowlands is like a like a samurai kind of a theme.
  Like you're going to like Japanese house.
  Yes.
 And there's like undead demon warriors.
  And there's like a rope effect, not unlike the delirium delirium thing  we did where a guy got attacked by a rock monster and pulled back.
  Oh, great.
 They got like one of those.
  That's really fun.
  I got a giant demon.
  I saw it was there, but I didn't expect it to come out of the wall at me.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's like a clap, like a clapping  and his arms are out.
  Yeah.
 And I saw it there and it was like had its arms out.
  But then it came out of the wall, which I didn't expect.
  So that was one of the only times I actually yelled in one of the mazes.
  But you're being very brave.
 Thank you.
  And then we walked and we did Pumpkin Eater.
  But this is the section of scare actors where we were alone.
  Yeah.
 And there were just so many of them, 15 of them.
  Yeah.
 And it was really foggy.
  No, it got foggy in a different spot.
  But those scare actors were also had the more interesting costumes.
  Like there was that one person with the shawl over them  and the lantern and the tiny little skull face.
  Oh, and I like that.
 I kept going.
  I like this one because you did that.
  He followed us around.
  He just followed us around.
  But he wasn't a jump out scare actor.
  He was just like creepy guy, like swinging his lantern around as he went.
  And like his true his true the performers face is like hidden under a shawl.
  And there's like a face, a fake tiny skull face  like coming out of the top of the performers had, I would guess.
 Great.
  And and you just went, oh, I like this guy.
  And then he was just the third member of our party for a while.
  Yeah.
 And then there were other people joined.
  There was like a man who tried to get us to see the witch burning.
  That was happening to all the other guys, the right fans.
  There was a listener.
  But yeah, somebody listens to you.
  I think they listen to both of our podcasts.
  I think so.
 I believe so.
  They're like, oh, Lindsey, I listen to your podcast as well.
  I think I only remember, oh, and Lindsey, which typically happens.
  Yes, I think we've talked about we've talked about this.
  Or maybe we're going to talk about it.
  It's your aunt.
  You were recognized as as the in the podcast, the right universe, as opposed to it.
  As a primary in their own universe.
 Yeah.
  I'm not recognized for the Teen Creeps universe, but you're right.
  They may have said something about Teen Creeps as well.
 Right.
  It's like as if Dr.
  Strange, when you'd be like, oh, Dr.
  Strange, you're from Thor, Ragnarok, not your own movie, Dr.
  Strange.
 You know, I'm a Thor fan, but I know Dr.
  Strange is from Thor, not from.
 Yeah.
  So you're like, that would be the same thing.
  Jason, have you been recognized for being part of the Duncan verse?  Oh, I've been recognized for being part of the Allstate verse.
  Well, you're a major part of the Allstate.
  So you're the primary member of the Allstate.
  Yeah, you are the Allstate.
  I was I was on a CVS on Wilshire and a guy was like, hey,  you're in that Allstate commercial.
  And I went, oh, yeah.
  And he goes, that's really good work.
  And I was like, oh, thank you.
  I mean, I was very impressed.
  Like he was like so complimentary of like the performance in the commercial.
  I don't know if he had something to do with the business or anyway.
  My craziest recognizing, let me say really fast, is that I have this whole  fair.
 I've talked about in the podcast, I have this whole history with The Room,  the bad movie, The Room.
  Yes, I was so and I saw it a lot of my mind was blown when I was like,  it's in my Wikipedia even.
 I'm happy.
  I was like one of the first people to see the thing amazingly.
  And there was like a this DVD that the room people put out.
  There was an audience reactions DVD.
  And it's me in 2004 as a dopey,  wormy little bad improviser in college,  just like clearly sarcastically going on and on about the movie.
  Although I love it very, very, very much anyway.
  So this is DVD where you can watch me and a bunch of my friends,  you know, rambling about The Room.
  I shared an office with  Oz Rodriguez at Funny or Die for a long time.
  And I finally started talking about like, yeah, that's the thing with The Room.
  And he was like, that's where I know you from.
  I had that DVD for so long and I was like,  who are these fucking dweebs going on?  It was like six months of sharing an office with somebody.
  And he was like, man, he's like this dork.
  You're that fucking dork.
  I was proud, but also like, oh, no, I was so dweeby in this.
  I lodged myself in your brain.
  And he thought that you were sincere.
  Yeah, or just let her know.
  I knew when he's like, who are these hipsters going on about this movie?  Anyway, I do love The Room very much.
  I'm proud of my association with it anyway.
  And you're in the room.
  Happy to be in the room averse.
  Wow.
 I'm in the book.
  The Disaster Artist, right?  Photo of me.
  If you're at the bookstore and you see the book, The Disaster Artist, pick it up.
  And there's a picture of me in the book.
  All right.
 So let's do that.
  Take a picture in the movie.
  Jason played Scott in the movie.
  Take a picture.
  If you own a Barnes and Noble, pick up the book.
  Oh, yeah, I do.
  I know.
  Scott, I'm really proud of it.
  Like, why else would I?  I don't have a picture in a book.
  You haven't written a book.
  So open the book.
  Take a selfie with you and Scott in the book.
  A photo taken by Aaron, my now wife, who was my friend back then.
  Hashtag, wow.
  Scott and Scott Roomverse.
  Hashtag Scott, those were the days.
  Hashtag Scott, those were the days.
  And if you find pictures.
  Oh, actually, let's keep it.
  Hashtag, oh, hi, Scott.
  Oh, yeah.
 OK.
 OK, great.
  Oh, hashtag.
 Oh, hi, Scott.
  OK, great.
 That's a new meme now.
  Anyway, sorry.
 No, no, no.
  So we did.
 Yeah, Shadowlands.
  Very cool.
  Mm hmm.
  Shadowlands was interesting last year was one of the first ones I did.
  And I was still in the fog of being terrified.
  So I didn't like it back then, but now I did like it.
  So I knew it was kind of a paranormal ink for you.
  Yes.
 So it lifted.
  And then, you know, we walked through this so many different scare actors.
  My favorite one of my favorite things was that there was a scare actor  literally just hiding like a cartoon character behind a light post.
  Like just like this.
  And then, oh, yeah, he got everybody.
  It was wild.
 Except for us.
  Except for us, because we were just lingering with with those people,  the listeners and then some performers that came up  and tried to get us to watch a witch burning,  which you poke some holes, I believe, in the logic of what he was saying.
  Remember, he said, I forget you broke.
  Yeah, well, possibly, at least in regards to the movie, The Wicker Man.
  They were like, we're putting all the witches inside a wicker man.
  I was like, I thought that was the witch's job to do to you guys.
  I thought the men go in the wicker man.
  I was looking for lore and I couldn't really find anything definitive  because it's all like it was, I guess, just a way for Christians  to scare people about druids.
  They were like, and they burn people in a wicker man.
  Everybody's like, whoa, OK, Jesus.
  And that looked really cool.
  Well, we had a dog to take out and amazes to finish.
  So we wanted to see the burn, a witch burning.
  Oh, yeah.
 And we we were going to watch Puppet up  because you were sort of morbidly curious.
  And the second we sat down, I went, I don't want to spend  20 minutes of the night watching.
  I've seen Roshi Puppets before.
 I know what's coming.
  Yeah, you sat down and then you were like, I don't want to watch this.
  And I was like, all right, you're right.
 Fair enough.
  Yeah, you are cool.
  We only had so much time, though.
  Yes, we had a dog take out and we wanted to do all the mazes.
  Look, I had very, you know, not too long ago, saw my friend Nate's show  where it was like raunchy puppet lame is.
  So I'm good for a while.
  That's going to last me like five years, maybe.
  Yeah.
 And raunchy puppets.
 Yeah.
  I mean, obviously, I prefer clean puppets.
  I like a clean Robin the Frog puppet  singing about sitting on stairs.
  Robin's about the most pure puppet.
  So pure and divisive is for some reason.
  I was just about to say very divisive.
  Me and Maddie at work love Robin and Justin and Justin Michael,  who just Michael thinks Robin is lame because Justin Michael  also writes for Infinity Train.
 Right.
  And we get in fights about it.
  Yes, I don't know why Robin Robin is just Michael of all people.
  That's actually the joke that he makes.
  He's like, I feel like he's always about to be like, huh.
  He tiny.
  There's a reality where Tiny Tim dies and it's Robin dies.
  I know that scar.
  Justin thinks he sucks.
  He take it up with Justin Michael.
  I think he's wonderful.
  I like every Christmas Eve and I fast forward through the  through the coast of Christmas future because I can't handle it.
  It's not like I'm like, oh, Walter's my favorite muppet.
  Well, he's cool.
 Robin is good.
  Well, do you like Robin or not, listener?  Let us know.
  Hashtag Robin.
 Yes.
 Hashtag Robin.
  I got a nice feeling when you mentioned Robin.
  I like Robin, but he is divisive for whatever reason.
  I don't know why.
 Is Bean Bunny divisive?  I don't think so.
 I think everybody likes him.
  No, I thought we didn't in our episode were like,  I think we were even sure if we like Bean Bunny.
  Oh, really? I said I liked Bean, didn't I?  I don't know if I like Bean.
  So we're covering him.
  He certainly can be a bit much a Muppet Vision 3D.
  You know, he wants to help.
  But he Bean was being positioned, I think we were talking about  he was being positioned as like a big player.
  Yeah, that's true.
  And the film is an odd remnant of any we've done.
  Yeah, what else we got here?  We'll do it and we'll do it again.
  No special ops.
 Skip special ops.
  You had done that before.
 We did not do special ops.
  And that was my least favorite.
  And it's the gimmick of the gimmick of shooting was not satisfying.
  I don't want to be mass shooting scared.
  Yeah.
 Not scary for him.
  I think that I want to be ghost scared.
  I wasn't even really into the aliens.
  Right.
  Or sea creatures.
  I want ghosts to scare yourself.
  You don't like being scared by aliens.
  You want to be scared by ghosts.
  I don't want to be scared by real world things like sea creatures and aliens.
  You just want to be scared.
  I mean, there is some comfort in knowing that it's, you know,  people dressing up in costumes scaring you, because in reality,  real ghosts are residual memories and the residual memories that haunt places  we can never abandon.
  I was just talking about this last night.
  Yeah.
 I honestly I was talking about this on a podcast last night.
  That will come out soon.
  I was talking about this at a completely separate location last night.
  It was time to ghost some podcasts.
  Hmm.
 It's October.
  Yeah, it's October.
  Although this is a.
.
.
  Tis the season.
  This podcast, I don't know.
  I think it's coming out next week.
  It's called Bigfoot Collectors Club, which I think we'll both do it soon too.
  I told them.
 Yeah, I would do that.
  Yeah.
 So anyway, we talked about that.
  Anyway.
 So yeah, no special ops.
  No special ops.
  So yeah, we did Pumpkin Eater, which.
.
.
  Pumpkin Eater was great.
  Pumpkin Eater, very scary.
  Very cool.
 Very claustrophobic.
  But like there's big goopy seeds hanging down the ceiling.
  Is there's goopy, like as if you're in a giant pumpkin.
  Is it like the seeds hanging from goopy like pumpkin strings?  And like when you're carving out a pumpkin, you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah, we were talking pumpkin.
  We were talking Peter Peter.
  Peter Peter was bad.
  Maybe.
 Oh, OK.
  It's a dark Peter Peter.
  If Peter became the pumpkin and ate you.
  But I didn't like the inclusion of aliens in Pumpkin Eater.
  I was like, no, I just want an evil possessed by a demon.
  I want demons, not aliens.
  This is my stance on scares.
  I mean, I respectfully disagree.
  I mean, it's a matter of taste.
  A lot of I like aliens.
  I don't it doesn't need to be everywhere.
  The aliens don't need to be everywhere.
  Demons need to be everywhere.
  Yeah.
 All demons all the time.
  I didn't mind the aliens here.
  I going through that like corn maze kind of a thing was scary.
  Yeah.
 A lot of what's also a good trick is when it's open air.
  Like, yeah.
 And I felt like I was going to start sneezing any second.
  So, yeah, it'll fuck with your sinuses.
  So that's another plus.
  And then we did the last maze, which is I'm trying to find.
  I'm going to put the video up, which is new.
  Origins, Cozart, yeah, it was great.
  And this one, I'm very excited because I kind of realized what was happening.
  I didn't really read too much about it is that this is a maze  that gives you the origin of the entire haunt.
  So this explains while you're walking through it  why there are monsters everywhere in Ghost Town.
  What's going on? Yeah, it was cool.
 Why is that?  Long switch with the witch.
  Oh, so yeah, there's a witch.
  So it starts out in like the courthouse.
  You got a crazy old like judge who pokes his head out here.
  Although now he's apparently not in the video I've picked.
  No, there's a judge shouting at us.
 Yeah.
  And he's called that was broken that night.
  Also a tit.
 Well, no, it wasn't a robot.
  It was a man.
 I didn't remember.
 Yeah.
  Well, he's on a break.
 This is also just a bad video.
  It is a bad video.
 You go through like, you know, the whole ghost town  and they like kill this woman and burn like they think they burn her in there.
  Yeah, I think.
 Yeah.
  Well, I thought it was an animatronic a second ago.
  I can't be trusted.
 That's fair.
  And all the sets I'm trying to go to curses the town, right?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So she curses them because they killed her.
  Yes.
 And there's like a classic tale and the tale is all this time.
  She raises.
  She says all these scare actors will scare teens from far and wide.
  It not scary for them.
  Yeah, here's a better video.
  So you're going in like old timey schoolhouses.
  This was one of my favorites.
  Yeah.
 So you're going in like the whole like fucked up.
  I mean, that's all the ghost town stuff.
  But you get to walk through it and it's all scarified.
  Yes.
 But I love a creepy old schoolhouse.
  And it's great because like we've talked about this many times,  not expanding sort of the Calico, the ghost town stuff.
  And this just adds a little bit more mythology to it.
  And yeah, and this is also coming up is where I got hit with a giant foam hand,  which was another accident that happened.
  Scared the shit out of me.
  Which is a good thing.
  Those were foam because I would have probably been knocked out.
  That's why they make them foam.
 I'm sure.
  Yeah, they're not supposed to do that.
  We're just watching this.
  So there's a place that goes outdoors, which is really fun.
  And then the big the big sort of ending is that we go to the end.
  And Jason, did you watch this already?  Yeah, I can't remember how it ends.
  There is a spooky lady, very Wizard of Oz style  witch that is finally revealed, like sort of it's her origin story.
  I think to that's the hand I got hit with.
 Oh, yeah.
  Oh, that is a huge, giant, giant hand.
  I was pictured a lot smaller than that.
  Yeah.
 And they obviously honestly, in my memory, my memory,  it was smaller than that, too.
  It's crazy to think that Knott's is the more like homegrown smaller part,  because I mean, Universal has a full movie studio at its beck and call.
  So the production values are very high.
  But Knott's has almost like equally high production values.
  It's like very dedicated to its scary farm premise.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
 And they're the original haunt.
  Yeah, I'm sure that that's why they really.
  But yeah, when you look at all this stuff, it is easy to take it  like for granted how much work, big pain in the ass.
  It's got to be to set this like 10 of these things up.
  Yeah, all temporary.
 That's really good.
  Come up with the story and map it out so that it's not the same as every other one.
  But it is cool, like that Cedar Fair still lets them do all this stuff.
  And, you know, six flags, six flags by that buys it.
  I don't know if we're in for like a doesn't seem like they're going to come  with this doesn't seem like it.
  I don't know.
 OK, so here.
  Yeah, here's the reveal.
 And we'll post all these links.
  There's just a witch flying around.
  Oh, god damn it.
 This video is not going to even show you the witch.
  Stop showing your dumb friend.
  It's a what she dressed like the wicked witch of the West from from.
  Oh, here we go.
  There's a link.
  It's like she's flying around, which looks like a lot of fun.
  She's on this like circular around for hours.
  Very fun.
 Very cool.
  And we were and then we were like, well, we've got to go.
  Oh, we also did.
  You have to go into like the depths of hell through.
  Yes.
 Vinyl siding.
  Yes.
 Like squishes you.
  Hell's walls are vinyl siding.
  Oh, boy.
  It's a better bet it smells.
  It's like being birthed through a black canal into hell.
  While there are all these like screens made to look like mirrors  or something where the calico witch is screaming at you.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Like she's appearing in a mirror.
  Very cool effects.
 Very cool.
  I could have done with like less neon green and more.
  Neon, you know, neon feels like a more modern color.
  A little modern.
 Yeah.
  So this is this was supposed to be a little old.
  It should have been maybe like.
  Yeah, that like neon blues and greens feel too new.
  So but very good.
  So, Lindsey, where do you land?  Would you do this again?  I would do it again.
 OK.
 I would.
  So there's a gradient by the midway through you're on board.
  Yeah.
 And definitely looking back, I'm remembering it more fondly  because I keep saying like, oh, yeah, it was great.
  But keep in mind that when I was experiencing it, I was still going  Yes.
 You ground your teeth down to a nub.
  Just a low moan the whole time.
  Like any of us need another reason to grind our teeth.
  Yeah, I know.
 I know.
  That's where all the anxiety lives asleep.
 Yeah.
  Or lack of it.
 Do you think we need to  would you go so far as to saying Jason and I need to get off our asses  and do this? I think you should do at least two.
  Two mazes or two mazes? Two mazes.
  Two mazes.
 At not.
 At a haunt.
  Which oh, you just.
  Are we calling a haunt?  And what is a maze?  A maze is like a single.
  It's like waxworks.
  But a haunt is the whole thing.
  Yeah.
 This whole time we've been saying you love haunts.
  I thought they were the individual mazes.
  No, they aren't.
  Well, he does love them, but he also loves the forest.
  Was wrong.
 And the trees.
  Two mazes.
 Two mazes.
  Two mazes.
  Just because of my experience where I was like black out, nervous.
  And it took me a second one to go, OK, I get this.
  I would say it's like it does take three or four.
  I would say give it to, but probably it's going to take four.
  I wonder if you think after after two, if you're truly like, no,  I cannot handle this, then at least you tried a couple of times.
  Two boysenberry beers.
  And then you start.
 Yeah.
  Is also a good.
  I really liked that boysenberry beer, too.
  But I am wondering if I was thrown off a little last year  because not this kind of unfamiliar to me.
  But like, I've never been to Hollywood.
  I've never been to nots.
  But I think like if I universal Hollywood in the back lot, I know pretty well.
  So I'm like, oh, I'm wondering if there would be a slight comfort,  a slight more knowing that the set of the voice is right.
  Just steps away.
 Yeah.
  The chairs are right there.
  This is the voice.
  Can come save me with a Patronus.
  Yeah.
  Except the part that part of the park is closed.
  What? Yeah.
  But Diagon Alley is open during.
  Right.
 And they do that like fun show.
  Is that right?  They're doing a show in Orlando during like at night.
  So they're doing the dark arts show.
  There's a different one with like different shows.
  Death Eaters coming out at night in Orlando, which is fun.
  The hanging.
  I thought it was going to be fun and creepy.
  Do you guys know what it's like?  Because Justin Michael told me about it.
  It's like Bill and Ted.
  Yeah.
 What the fuck is that about?  I don't want a fun, goofy.
  I want more ghost hangings.
  I want it to be a creepy show.
  Why would you have a funny show at not scary farm?  Everything there should be creepy.
  Well, because you can get a little body or like the starway tells you  don't smoke.
 Well, let Pub It Up do that.
  Alvira was that contained to a single room.
  But you were and I told you  Alvira had done a show there for like 30 years.
  You like that? That's different.
  Because she's body.
  It's a brand you trust.
  She's.
  Her own special thing,  but if you're just throwing yet another pop culture, a reference  joke show at the audience, I find that unacceptable.
  I see.
 Well, I have to say.
  On like a Halloween tradition of like herself, a crypt keeper and  all the classic horror.
  Whereas if you're just going to do like which Bill and Ted?  No, boo.
 I see.
  Well, even doing the show for a long time.
  I know.
 Justin told me that.
  And again, unacceptable.
  It's been longer than I'm sure.
  So Bill and Ted ripped it off.
  So cool.
 And the set looks so cool.
  The set is very impressive.
  And then it's not scary.
  Yeah.
 No, boo.
  Well, turned into a not scary farm.
  Maybe there's cool effects in the middle of their pop culture jokes.
  I don't care.
 OK.
  So it's down.
  We're down on the hanging.
  Yeah.
 I'm glad we didn't take the time to watch it now.
  I probably would have Mike, you go see it after you go back.
  I do want to go back this year.
  And maybe it's all shows this time.
  I have the hanging and then pop conjures.
  Yeah, I have less of a stomach for.
  Terrible campy things.
  Interesting.
 I like just campy, but not like I really  gnarled your teeth is awful.
  I like not pop culture.
  Lazy pop culture pun and references is not camp to me.
  So I like camp, not this is bad and I'm going to laugh at it as much.
  I don't have as much of a stomach for it.
  I think I said the thing with Bill and Ted seemed like it was camp  made entirely by heterosexuals.
  That just doesn't seem to click.
  Which Bill and Ted are the ultimate no homo characters.
  I think they yelled that in the show.
  Oh, do that in the movie.
  Those horrific movies.
 Yes.
  Man, can't wait for the third one.
  I have a feeling.
  I have never seen.
  I'm sure it's fine now.
  Apparently Keanu Reeves is a special angel sent to us from heaven.
  He's such a good person.
  Seemingly.
 Yeah, that's what everyone says.
  Yes.
 I have a quick pitch for for the hanging.
  The actor, I forget the gentleman's name, who played Jeannie  in the California Adventure Show, put him in the hanging.
  Yeah, if you're going to do it to pop culture jokes there.
  So we have the ultimate version of it.
  Yeah.
 And also take the Bill and Ted actors and put them down there, too.
  So like have a whole team up of all of the best pop culture theme park shows.
  I'd watch that.
 I'd watch Avengers Infinity War.
  All the theme park.
  What a dream that would be.
  And then like the donkey cart, the donkey universal cart is on stage as well.
  And then it really is the scariest thing.
  Yeah.
 Well, audience of four by end of show.
  Nuts try.
  And it's you three and someone else who's been on the podcast.
  Six Flags, if you're listening and you've bought Cedar Fair by this point,  that's what we want.
  So anyway, that's it.
  We did it.
 Yeah, I love it.
  So we still love Hanson.
 Lindsey loves Hans, too.
  Now she loves him as much as I do.
  I am warming up to see.
  Yeah, I love seeing the look on your face and say it loves.
  I read horror, no problem.
  But experiencing it or watching horror movies is harder because it's  not just in my head.
  Yeah.
 And yet through all of this terror.
  I am.
 I am.
  And Edwin's person out of the blanket.
  Whoa, a scaracter coming right at you.
  Oh, no.
 He's shaking.
  And this is part of this dog shakes around.
  And then he's fucking adorable.
  Adorable as Robin.
  Lindsay Cat's Eye, you survived the haunt test, the fright.
  Thank you.
 Thank you for having me.
  Is there anything you I can't scarify?  Is there anything you'd like to?  Just the usual.
  My podcast team creeps and my.
  Show that I write on infinity train on Cartoon Network.
  Check those out as for us, as we've said too many times.
  So there's a little bit more  haunt cast the fright coming at Patreon dot com slash podcast.
  The riot is and as always, there's three bonus episodes every month.
  So go check it out.
  Come see us in Chicago and Orlando, guys.
  It's so soon.
 Yeah, really.
  We're almost there.
  I'm so excited.
  Two weeks away or half week and a half.
 Yeah.
  We have some work to do.
  And for regular podcasts, there are stuff follows on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.
  I didn't scarify any of those names because you have to know the genuine.
  Yeah, you have to know the real names.
  But Instagram October 16th, Wednesday, October 16th.
  I was going to cast the fright begins on the Patreon.
  And we'll save the scary name for that for your listening experience.
  The grand reveal.
  Yeah.
  It's expectations way up.
  But yes, and it continues here on the main feed next week.
  And then we hit the road.
  Exciting times.
  And we'll see you soon.
  See you later.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike  Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey,  engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at ForeverDog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
