 Forever.
.
.
 .
.
.
Dark!  Darkness falls out on the street, Evil is its head.
  Get your crazy shake to go, And your fried doughnut bread.
  The villains threaten this sacred place, This downtown shopping mall.
  We must defend the Lego store, And the Splitsville bowling balls.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, We must protect our AP discount meals.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, What secrets does the Earl of Sandwich conceal?  Police, boys, my cousin has been taken by evil forces that have inhabited Downtown Disney.
  In order to find them, you will need to thoroughly discuss every aspect of them all.
  Stores, restaurants, both of the Starbucks.
  We have 15 daily very necessary episodes and what's to do so.
 I will be there to guide you and keep your conversations from getting too off topic or boring.
  The Downtown Disney ordeal, Why do we do this to ourselves?  Welcome to podcast the ride, the Downtown Disney ordeal.
 We are on level two, stage three.
 My name is Mike Carlson.
  Joining me is always Jason Sheridan and Scott Gardner.
 Yep, let's get to it.
  And this is of course, this is a stage three.
 So who knows who lurks at the end of it.
 It's a boss one again.
  It's a boss level.
 I'm not totally there yet.
 I don't know how to handle these guys, but you know, we'll be more steeled up by level five.
  Right.
 And of course, joining us on this journey, the Sector Keeper is here.
  Hey, boys.
 Hey, you're with us physically manifested with us, which is always nice.
  You give me such strength.
 Thank you so much for helping me find my cousin, the level keeper.
  Yes, we would not not help you.
 I mean, of course we'd have we have to.
 We're all you're our ward.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 I'm your warden.
 You're like my three dads in a way.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which that's yeah, that's where we're at.
 It's like our house kind of child.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 Full house.
 Yeah.
 That's one thing you can't redo.
 Who knows things.
  Oh, my God.
 Well, I wait.
 It's November.
 So I don't know where we're at, but it's distinctly possible that Aunt Becky is or already has gone to jail.
  Well, what? And Becky's in jail.
 It could be.
 I don't know.
 Or it's on the way.
  I'm a little I'm not sure on the timeline.
 What about Uncle Jesse and her sons, Nicky and Alex, the twins?  Well, the character of Aunt Becky is fine.
 But Lori Laughlin, the actor, did some some naughty business.
 Oh, no.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Her.
 How do you begin to explain her daughter is a YouTube influencer.
 I'm so glad you to please stay away from this.
 Yeah.
  As much as you can even even just dropping this at the top of a boss level episode.
  Is making us making you little boys.
  Sector Keeper, if you had to get like if you if we were the three males on full house, which ones would we be if you had to sign us the characters?  Let's see.
 Fingers wagging.
  Danny.
 That's me.
 Scott is Danny.
 Danny.
 Yes.
  Organize.
 Hey, thanks.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You know, I should be more of a neat freak at home, but I do.
  You know, well, he's a he's a host and I try to sort of, you know, keep the just keep things moving in the episode.
  It's just like Danny and wake up San Francisco.
 Yeah.
 Wake up.
 Wake up San Francisco.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Hello.
 I guess the right.
 Yeah.
 The cool one like that's what you were gunning for.
  Honestly, I didn't even think about it before I said it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I play a guitar like Jesse does.
  You have thought about how you want John Stamos to jam with us.
  Yes.
 That is a dream of mine for us.
 Not musicians, except for you kind of.
 Yeah.
 I would say a musician.
  I'm a classified as a musician.
 Yeah.
 He can you play a keyboard.
 Yeah.
  But yeah, he'll jam with us one day.
 Absolutely.
 All right.
 And Jason.
 Joey.
  I am a funny one with a hint of sadness.
  Just like Uncle Joey.
 Wait, we've got to not go through this again.
 My other way.
 We had we fell into all the thing.
  My wife was very upset that we said Uncle Joey because they nobody called him Uncle Joey.
  Uncle Jesse is an uncle.
 But didn't someone call him Uncle Joe?  Didn't somebody point out on Twitter that there was an episode? A single example found he was not commonly  called.
 And you know who called him that was Uncle Jesse.
  The children DJ Stephanie Michelle did not call him Uncle Joey.
 Did not give him that level of affection or respect.
  This was the biggest fight Aaron and I ever had.
 Wow.
  Never has she been so cross.
 Sector keeper, if you had to assign us the different characters in Three Men and a Little Lady,  which characters would each of us be? Oh, I'm trying to remember.
 What? Gutenberg, Danson.
  Who's the other one? Selick.
 Selick, right? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  All by the way, three cool guys.
 So you can't accuse me this time of wanting to be the cool one.
  If you're worried for staying with funny with a twinge of sadness, that would have to be Gutenberg and therefore Jason.
  Jason is Gutenberg.
 Hey, I retired early.
 Cashed out.
 Cashed out, retired early.
 Who's more Selick? Me or Scott?  Oh, that's awesome.
 Who's more organized? Danson or Selick?  Good question.
 All right, we'll get back to that.
 But you're taller.
 Maybe you have maybe that's why you're Danson.
  I guess I'm Danson in this and you're Tom Selick.
 Mm hmm.
  Boys, boys.
 We're florals.
 All right, sorry, sorry.
 We're four minutes.
  Okay, sorry, sorry.
 But if I may, real quick, that if I, by not calling him Uncle Joey, I'm just realizing he was now just a dirt bag with a puppet.
  With a puppet who just climbed around.
 Yeah, it went from odd job to odd job.
 Failed out of all of them.
  Great.
 Yeah, yeah.
 He lives in a basement industry bum.
 Lives in the garage.
  Basement or a garage? Well, they changed.
 He kept moving.
 Was it a garage initially and then they changed it into his room?  He ended up in the trash can outside, I think.
 It's like Oscar.
 He sleeps in the trash can like Oscar the Grudge.
  You're right.
 We got a lot to.
.
.
 Sad man.
  Sad man.
 Not like us.
 We're doing great.
 We're, you know, captains of our own destiny.
  Fighting the good fight for your cousin and we get to spend a bunch of time talking about some pretty great locations today.
 What are those?  Yes, yes.
 Boys, boys.
 You've made it so far and you still have much of a journey to go.
 But today will be.
.
.
  You're getting tired too.
  But today you will be trying to conquer by discussing and reviewing level two, stage three, Sanuk, Salt and Straw, and Wetzel's Pretzels.
  Major ones.
 These are some of the titans in this episode.
 So let's kick into it with, yeah, I don't know, Sanuk.
 Do we know Sanuk?  Sanuk.
 Okay.
 Sanuk is a.
.
.
 Sanuk means fun.
 Sanuk the word.
 Okay.
 So in the Thai language.
.
.
  Well, and the brand.
  In the Thai language means to have a good time, to have fun, to enjoy oneself and to derive pleasure and joy from something.
 Yeah.
  It doesn't mean, to be clear, Sanuk doesn't mean rise to the challenge.
  Right.
 No, that's a different word.
  That's Sivakko.
  Most guidebooks to Thailand will tell you about the Thai concept of Sanuk, which often gets translated as meaning, as Jason said, fun.
 Fun.
  So Sanuk was a store that I never even walked by until we had to do this.
 We've done that until we did this to ourselves.
  I'm not sure I'd noticed it, seen it.
 It's been there since 2011.
 Is it really? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Some of these places.
 I thought it was new.
 No.
  2011.
 2011.
 The brand has been around for a long time in Southern California.
  Wow.
 Well, so this is interesting.
 So I was looking at the first of all, the web.
 Did you look at the website for Sanuk? Hell, yeah.
  It's when you look up locations, they all it's like confusing because it's not true Sanukes.
  It's not listed here, but it is another one that there's a Sanuk in downtown Disney in Anaheim and Disney Springs in Orlando.
  But then in Galletta, California, there's a Deckard store.
 Deckard Brands is the parent company.
 Deckard.
 Deckard.
  Deckard.
 Sorry.
 Deckard.
 Yeah.
 Oh, okay.
 Deckard.
 Deckard like Tim Heidecker's show.
  And part of Black and Deckard.
 Not affiliated.
 When you looked up locations, it also, and this is how I did this last night, it pulled up the Flip Flop shop at Universal City Walk.
  Yeah.
 So this.
 Yeah.
 Deckard Brands.
 But the Flip Flop shop closed forever.
 Oh yeah.
 That's a newly fallen brother.
  What? I'm sorry to tell you.
 I guess you haven't been to your old haunt in a while.
 No, I can't.
 I need a ride.
  Yeah.
 Because you used to live there and now.
 It's steep hill to walk.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  This parent company also owns.
 Edwin wants to come up on the couch.
 Okay, come on up, Edwin.
 I guess he doesn't.
 He's fucking with everyone.
  But parent company also owns Ugg who makes Ugg boots.
 And Teva.
 Another sandal company.
 Another big sandal company.
 What? Teva? Teva.
  Teva was what I was wearing when I died.
 Sure.
 Whoa, you were wearing Tevas? Which I always called Tevas.
 Your family must have been well to do.
  But that means that this I would call this company a Flip Flop Monopoly.
 A Flip Flop Monop for short.
 Oh my God.
 Yeah.
  That's maybe the worst thing you've ever said.
 Oh, Flip Flop.
 Yeah, that's tighter.
 That's better.
 That's why they pay you the big bucks.
  That's most of what I'm good at is combining words.
 Yeah.
  He's taking in that time because it's so cool.
 Flavor on that one.
 But this is another big company.
 Flavor of jewel? Oh, sorry.
 Yeah, yeah.
  This is like Luxotica.
 This is like the sunglass monopoly we encountered at Sunglass Icon by Sunglass Hut.
  So this company owned the Flip Flop shop.
 Is that what was happening or they just carry their brand of shoes?  I think that was another one of their like lines.
 The Flip Flop shop.
 The Flip Flop shop.
 Or are they cheaper Flip Flops?  I don't.
 I think they may have sold Sunuk brand in the Flip Flop shop.
 Right.
 That's what I that's my reading of it.
  But they obviously have an update of the website because when you put it in, if you put in the zip code, it comes up Flip Flop shop.
  And I went, wait a minute, is that still there? And I was like, no, no, that's a fallen brother.
 That's gone.
 That City Walk store is gone.
  A lot of people feel seen right now, but that we are finally addressing the problems with Sunuk.
com.
  Yes.
 I mean, people have been screaming at their computer screen.
 Our listeners have been frustrated with it for so long.
  And now there's a few things we know for sure from the Sunuk page on the downtown Disney website.
  We know our happiest days are spent in sandals.
 Yes, they do convey that.
  We know one of the problems.
 Sunuk, you know, from its early roots in the Southern California surf culture to its global lifestyle brand, it is today.
  We know it's a global lifestyle brand and we love it.
 More than just open toed shoes.
  It's a global lifestyle brand.
 And of course, your life open toed.
  They invented the style of the sidewalk surfer, which combines a closed shoe with the comforting sole of a sandal.
  We're we're doing we are.
  I mean, this is how is this what we're talking about right now is like approximately like 200 feet from the Indiana Jones boulder.
  And we're choosing to talk about this.
 No.
 Yeah, sorry.
 I know.
 I know.
  Sunuk only.
 Fine.
 This is a prison that we've created.
  Self built.
 This is a good practical place.
 Like if you're staying, if you're visiting Disneyland,  if you're visiting the resort and it got really hot or your shoes got wet or something, you could go to Sunuk and buy some new shoes.
  But if you don't mind wet socks, as we discovered you, Jason, do not.
 I'm not saying.
  He likes Jason likes having his socks soaked in water.
 What?  Yeah, we discovered this recently.
 Sexta keeper.
 He thinks like, you know, the what we would call an unpleasant feeling of going on Splash Mountain or the rapid ride and then your socks are what Jason likes it.
  So he says, you know, it's one of the worst feelings in the world.
  Like Dalton Roadhouse says pain don't hurt.
 OK, pain don't hurt.
 This is an implied pleasure.
  Those Jason love squishy feet.
 Oh, I feel weak.
  Oh, hey, you can't do that.
 That's only the sector keepers job.
 His move.
  My promise to Nuke is that and I brought this up on the sunglass icon.
  What's the name of the icon? I for sure brought it up on that episode.
  I remember that I feel like the too expensive.
 We need a cheap.
 What I like about CityWalk is that there's some dirt cheap options.
  Like this is still a little high end.
 There's some sales on the website, but you're still like thirty dollars.
  Give me some five dollar flip flops just just because I need them.
 You know what I mean?  If you're on vacation, my whole thing with downtown Disney is I feel like it's catering a little too much to an operational.
  It's like aspirational.
 Maybe that was plus the Disney tax on top of it.
  That Disney extra little bump that there should be some garbage stores like they have at CityWalk here for five dollar flip flops and five dollar sunglasses.
  That's what I'm saying.
 You're not wrong.
 Well, you got to go to the CVS on Harbor.
  Yes, which, by the way, I argued should be part of this series.
  Scott was triumphant in keeping the harbor stores out of the downtown Disney ordeal.
  So you're out of bounds.
 Yes.
 Thank you for having me.
  Pass the car.
 You really wish that right now we were talking about, you know, a Tony Roma's and it'd be funny.
  I'll upset you were though about it.
 So I guess like that metal detectors to Star Wars, Galaxy's Edge van.
  Thank you.
 All right.
 Sorry.
 Thanks for reminding us of the brackets.
  The Nukes in the brackets.
 The harbor hoedown is years away when we talk about all the harbor.
  I was trying to think of it, but you got it.
 It's a fun one.
 It's not an ordeal.
 It's not a saga.
  We're going to have a great 25 episodes talking about Captain Kidd's buffet on Harbor.
  I so Jason is gleeful.
 I so want to unlock the mystery.
 Jason is gleeful thinking about it.
  I have a lot of I can come up with a lot of excuses to leave the podcast between now and then a lot of time to figure out why.
  You just take a leave of absence to spend more time with your family.
  Erin and Rex, Aaron and Rex.
 Yeah.
  So Newk, Newk did answer the question, where did my mother when giving me a stocking stuffer get these Mickey Mouse socks that are long, but they're not quite men's casual socks, but they're not quite like skate socks, but they are very long.
  And the answer was clearly a sinuke in probably the Disney Springs one because she just gone to Florida.
  The big thing that gets us back into familiar turf with sinuq is that this is downtown Disney's best location for novelty socks.
  You know what? I'm looking over at the sector keeper right now and your jeans are riding up a little bit and I can see what you got there.
  Scottie Pippen socks.
 You have Scottie Pippen's big stretched out face on your cap.
 The way you are wearing it, his torso is very skinny and then his face is extremely wide.
  Because you got some muscle tone up there sector keeper.
 You're stretching Scottie out.
 Thanks.
 Yeah.
  You know, when you look at it for a second, it kind of is ugly and weird.
  I might say so.
 I posted a picture on my Instagram story of the unworn Scottie Pippen sock and it's very strange.
  Any of these like just a just a face on a like whatever the cardboard they put it on or a leg just makes a face seem super wide and weird.
  I do have to say the Mickey and Donald ones were more the spirit of them were more like their colors and their clothes.
 They didn't really have their face.
  I do want the Donald ones.
 I do have to go back and get them.
 OK, I like that.
  Nobody bought socks from sinuq.
 You didn't get the socks from sinuq sector keeper.
 No, these are from the stock market.
  Oh, really? Oh, they're from city.
 OK, very good.
 Yeah.
 Scottie Pippen beloved since he is not.
 I'm happy to say there's been nothing since 94 whenever you got frozen that made us view him in a different light.
  Well, he rules.
 Yeah.
 He and Larsa just got divorced.
 I think.
 No, I'm sorry.
  That all of his records are I don't I don't I don't count basketball stats put up by a dirty divorcee.
 Oh, Scott.
 Yeah, I got to lay the law down.
 Yeah.
  I want good, clean, living basketball players.
 That's fair.
 Committed relationships.
 Did everyone come across sinuq's motto?  No, you guys know.
 And it's a hashtag to smile dot dot dot.
 Pass it on.
  Well, no, not hashtag, of course, because there's a shirt they have that says sinuq smile or die.
  Oh, what? Oh, they had to get more aggressive.
 And it's the first one.
 I'll show it to you on the back.
  It says smile or die.
 There's a picture of the grim reaper with his sickle.
 Oh, yeah, that's him.
  And this is on sale for fourteen dollars.
 Oh, it's marked down.
  Those are moving.
 Man, he's going to be pissed when he finds out they're using his image unlicensed.
 Do you know him?  Yeah, I spent time with him.
 Is he OK? Are we just judging him harshly because he looks scary? Yeah, it's I mean, he's just doing his job, right?  Plowing fields, getting rid of corn stalks with his sickle.
 Yeah, with his sickle and what not.
 It's not a scary thing.
  He has to clear farmland with it.
 Like bush on his ranch.
 It's relaxing.
 He's a lot like bush on his ranch.
 Yeah.
 They hang out, I heard.
  Hey, you're not wrong.
  You were saying you have some things from the Sanuk.
com in general.
 Yes.
 So Sanuk.
com, I'm looking at their line of flip flops and a lot of their flip flops could be the names of Jimmy Buffett songs.
  So let me just go through a few of them.
 This one of the ones is called Beer Cozy or Cousy, I guess, Light.
 One is called Land Shark.
  No, one is called Fault Line.
 So I'd be like Fault Line that he'd be like, here's my next song Fault Line.
 You go like, oh, yeah, that sounds like a Jimmy Buffett song.
  Let's say it's fun.
 If an earthquake happens, you get shaken into a fault line and there's a bunch of critters in there.
 You have a party.
  Vagabond Hemp.
 There's this there's one called Land Shark Hawaii.
 This one's called Frayed Knot.
 This one's called Frayed Knot Big and Tall.
  This one's called Pickpocket.
 This one's called Vagabond Tripper Slub.
 This one's called Chiba Quest Lace.
 This one's called High Five.
  This one's called You Got My Back.
 We got a lot more here.
 Chiba Quest Knit.
 Donny Funk.
  Hold on.
 Did you see the yoga mat one? Oh, here we go.
 Here's the last one.
 Puff and Chill.
  That one's that one's eighty dollars.
 Yeah, I can get behind that one.
 Puff and Chill.
  Yeah, you get that now.
 There's Puff and Chill Low Funk.
 There's Chiba Chill.
 There's Vagabond Tripper.
 There's Chiba Weave.
  There's Chiba Chill Cord.
 These are shoes.
 These are shoes and sandals.
 Chiba.
 Yeah.
  So TKO is one too.
 Vagabond Lace Sneakers.
 So they're all like kind of groovy weeded weed lifestyle adjacent, I think.
  And you know what? That whole store is full of grass.
 Oh, yeah.
 Physical location.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So so kind of place.
  I read something about the yoga mat flip flop where they they're pushing that they turned yoga mat material into a shoe.
  I read some copy possibly from Sanuk.
com that says move into your own away from home.
 Genuine left with the yoga mat flip flop made with real yoga mats for the softest, squishiest, most relaxing and meditative sandal yet.
  So if you want to always feel like you're about to do a downward dog.
  I saw a review and someone was like I think it was on the Yelp and someone was asking which kind should I get from here?  And someone went well definitely the yoga mat flip flop are the most comfortable.
  Trust me.
 I have 12 pairs of Sanuk flip flops.
 What? I guess it's I guess if you like Sanuk you like Sanuk.
  I mean, there's people probably mad at us now.
 Yeah.
 There's all these.
 Did you see all the ambassadors on the Sanuk website?  They're like skaters and surfers and stuff.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Of course.
 Wakeboarder, Bob Sovin, Surfer, Brett Barley, Surfer musician, Donovan Frankenreiter.
  I mean, these are all the ambassadors.
 Sure they're comfortable.
 I mean, I have seen those sidewalk surfer kind of like.
  Wow.
 Did you say Brett Barley? Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Here's a picture of him with a pineapple in front of his face.
 And then there's this one guy who is using a banana like a telephone.
 Banana like a phone.
  Such a tough audience.
 That one got him.
 That one got him.
  Oh boy.
 That's that physical humor that kind of translates generations or transfers.
  So I didn't really see if there were I don't remember if there were UGG boots in the store like their other brand that Decker owns.
  But I was right when I like shortly after I had finished doing some research on this, I was watching Eyes Wide Shut for the first time.
  And there is a really weird moment where Tom Cruise, like home from a long day of work, sits down on his couch with Nicole Kim and he's wearing a t shirt and jeans and UGG boots.
  And it's so odd.
 UGG boots have been around for a long time.
 UGG is a brand.
 But like the silo boot have been around for a long time.
  It did get popular in the late 90s.
 But it's just such a startling moment in this movie because you think about Kubrick thinking everything.
 That's what Tom is.
 That's what its character hangs out in.
  Comfortable, casual, relaxing.
 Fur boots.
 This can be his ohm away from ohm.
  I didn't spend as much.
 You losers.
 I wasn't hanging out on Sanuk.
com.
 I was on Stance.
com, the website for the kind of sock that they carry and made the Sector Keepers socks.
  This website, if they weren't fictional, I would say that at some point Stance became under the purview of clothing titan Jay Peterman and that he had his most trusted copyrighter, Elaine Benes, write the materials on the website because there are some flowery paragraphs going on.
  Go ahead.
 For some very strange socks.
 There is a sock of Johnny Cash's Mugshot.
 Buy that.
 Johnny Cash's Mugshot.
 Very cool.
 Put it on socks.
 The opposite of cool.
 We have washed it all the cool away.
  And I don't need to read the whole thing, but just to get a taste.
 If you're going to buy, if you're even looking on the website for Johnny Cash Mugshot socks, you don't need this to convince you.
 With a sound that transcended time and an honesty that cuts straight to the soul, Johnny Cash became an American icon.
  His songs may be they about prison love, lust, hope, or redemption are inseparable from the fabric of the nation.
 Fuck you.
 Stance's Cash Flyer pays homage to the man in black thanks to its plush combed cotton and deep peel.
  And to keep things cool.
 Blah blah blah blah.
 I'm skipping a bunch.
 And to keep things cool, the Cash Flyer sports mesh vents.
 Walk the line with Stance's Cash Flyer.
  Boo.
 Fuck you.
 Someone get paid to write this? I guess so.
 I see the train a coming.
 It's bringing me some socks.
  I know that's going to happen, I think, with all this stuff.
 Because every artist, especially who's dead and was famous, their estate is just licensing them out.
 And it's just like the grossest.
 We just saw the Buddy Holly Roy Orbison hologram tour that's happening.
  And it's just actors who recorded the performance and then you just see that.
 It's not even like maybe it's one thing.
 It's also not one thing.
 If you saw the actual performers hologram somehow, they recreated it from video.
 That's not what this is.
  This is what's bullshit about all these hologram things and the one that I saw at the Shady Theater.
 It's just some guy.
  Tupac was a hologram.
 There was no actor playing.
 I mean, maybe as a physical reference, but then his face was compiled from photos of Tupac.
 That was like a weird digital Tupac.
 The rest of this, they get some guy dressed up as Roy Orbison.
 What a piece of shit.
  It's crazy.
 So I imagine they'll start taking songs like that Folsom Prison Blues and putting ads in it for whatever.
 Stans could afford it.
 After all, they were named the official sock of the NBA and MLB in 2015 and 2016 respectively.
  And won best socks of the year in 2017 with their tribute to rapper Gucci Mane.
 Wow.
 Who awarded them that? Well, let's check SneakScore.
com just to confirm.
  You're on a website where you just pass by some socks, some Vulture socks of Gucci Mane.
 Of Gucci Mane socks.
 Hell yes.
 Looking so tough.
 That's as tough as you can look on a sock.
 Sometimes you guys put words together that make my head spin.
  Look, it's just a lot of info to get it once I know.
 It's just stuff you find out on SneakScore, the top rated annual review of footwear technology and innovation.
 How has SneakScore.
com not come up yet on this podcast in two hours? I'm using it as an.
  I've never heard of SneakScore.
com.
 Oh, wow.
 So that is like where the sneaker head would look at for real.
 Is that like a sneaker heads inside the magic?  Is it more like the theas for sneaker heads? I don't know.
 We should go to the theas for sneaker heads or whatever that is.
 We're not calling it the Oscars for socks.
 We're calling it the theas for socks.
 Yeah, the most prestigious award you can win.
  I mean, this flip flops of course went to the Gucci Mane flip flops.
 What?  How did Gucci Mane run away with this? Gucci Mane owns SneakScore.
com.
 Did he buy it? Oh, I'm sorry.
 These are just Gucci flip flops.
 I fucked up.
 Not Gucci.
 Not Gucci Mane.
 Gucci.
 These are just Gucci branded flip flops.
 They're just next to Gucci Mane branded socks.
 I'm sorry.
 It's very confusing.
 I got a little overwhelmed by the majesty of these awards.
  I mean, I'm in a skull scorn.
 What's what? SneakScore.
 So what? I'm going to score ruled that the Gucci flip flops that aren't related to Gucci Mane were the best flip flops.
 No, but the similar color, similar color patterns.
 Best flip flops.
 Red and green.
 And both socks.
 Of course.
 Gucci Mane.
 Whoa, that's weird.
  And then you just got to give it up for the Nike Hyperadapt 1.
0 and the Adidas Futurecraft 3D.
 Wait, what is the last thing you just said? The Adidas Futurecraft 3D.
 What is that? It's a sneaker.
 Yeah, I'm looking at it.
 Can I see it?  The here's.
 Sorry.
 When you click on it, it disappears.
 It's like fucking the iPads fucking with you.
 And oh my God, what happened? SneakScore.
 Here's the Nike one.
 I like this one.
 Yeah, I like shoes.
 I'm not trying to put down the shoe community or anything here.
  And there are podcasts there.
 I know there's a lot of shoe podcasts.
 Be furious.
 We don't aren't respecting the differences between these things.
 They don't give a shit.
 The differences between, you know, level one, level one, stage three, level three, stage two.
  And this is a theme park podcast.
 Yeah, I think it's worth going to throw.
 We're going to throw rocks at every glass house we can find.
 Ours is plenty relatable.
 The most relatable podcast there is.
  All right.
 Should we keep moving? I think we probably should.
 I mean, let me let me quickly say you can also get a sock that there's a Star Wars three pack and you can get a sock of like it's a three pack gift set for Rogue One that includes Death Trooper, Stormtrooper and Krennic, the director of the Advanced Weapons Research Division of the Imperial Military.
 Orson Krennic, of course.
  That's just the character's name.
 I like Krennic.
 Krennic is Mendelssohn.
 Ben Mendelssohn.
 So get him on your socks.
 I have one more thing that also will apply to I know we need to move on, but it does.
 This is important, I think, for future sectors.
  I saw.
 Sorry, sorry.
 God, I cannot do this too much.
 Mendelssohn is starting to set in.
 Big, big difference.
 It really is.
 So there was some discussion on an official Disney, Sanuk website of somebody who was confused about are they talking about the one in Florida or in Anaheim.
  And this might be from a time where both were called downtown.
 Not now.
 It's Disney Springs in Orlando.
 So this is an official Disney response.
 Hi, Patrick.
 I'm sorry for the confusion.
 When we say downtown Disney district, we are referring to Disneyland Resort at Walt Disney World Resort.
  We simply say downtown Disney.
 I realize that it's just a slight difference, but I hope that might help with any confusion in the future.
  So, guys, we fucked up the real name of this place that we're already deep into a show about a series about is the downtown is not the downtown Disney district.
 So this whole thing should be called downtown Disney district ordeal.
  Right.
 But now is it too late? Yes.
 Yes.
 We've done the song and how much work are we supposed to do? But I think this will change how what the audience does going forward.
 So no more retire your beloved hashtag DDO.
 It is now hashtag DDD.
  And rewrite your previous tweets, delete them, clear them out, pretend that they're cancelable and don't let anyone see your your shameful DDO.
 Everyone else in the room is rubbing their eyes.
  Why this person spoke to Patrick laid the law down and we have to be respectful.
 We've all spoken to Patrick.
 No, I just.
  It truly is an ordeal.
 We have a family of a district in a city and his family, even though it's town downtown district, downtown Disney district.
  Awful.
 OK, we have to buy it.
 So it's downtown Disney district.
 Yeah.
 From now on.
 OK, now let's move on to the ice cream store.
 All right.
  And I'll take a breather while Jason.
 Sure.
 I got to take the bathroom break, Jason.
 Please.
 Well, you know, like a really rich ice cream, I'm going to keep this one short and sweet.
  I think I've made my feelings about the more bourgeois ice cream dealers kind of known in past episodes.
 Yeah, I don't remember.
  I'm really mixed emotions about them because I think ice cream, it's so delicious.
 It's for everyone.
  It's something made in such large quantities when places like charge a lot for it.
 I'm like, God damn it.
  Really.
 And I find them a little exhausting.
 And I think salt and straw is one of the more exhausting ones.
  I of the nice, quote unquote, nice ice cream establishments.
 I am a big fan of Ample Hills located at Disney Boardwalk Resort coming soon to Disney Springs in Orlando and one here in Los Angeles.
  I like Ample Hills a lot.
 I like Santa Monica based sweet rose creamery.
  But salt and straw is one of the ones like that, like Jenny's where it's like the lines are so long and it costs so much money for a single spoon.
 You don't know what Jenny's is.
  You're so much more up on the ice cream scene.
 Jenny's is the one that gave everyone Listeria and had to shut down and scrape some batches.
  Salt and straw, like I like just the regular like like a salted caramel from there.
 They they kind of got known for doing the like Thanksgiving stuffing or cornbread flavor or they have one with olives in it.
  I really like it.
 I don't like olives in general.
 I like goat cheese.
 I've had goat cheese stuff before.
  But like it's more goat cheesy than.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 I like this place.
 I made a point of going to the other one in Studio City.
 I think you're right.
 It's it's it's a hefty price.
  But I don't know how much is it? What do you think? What is your price point for a cone? A cone with a scoop should be under five dollars.
  I would agree with that.
 And it is not.
 I don't believe it is closer to six or seven.
 Right.
 But isn't Jenny's expensive, too? I'm saying that one's too.
  You're saying that was bad, too.
 But I think Ample Hill is usually right on the line and they innovate it with that ice cream flight.
  I really admire them for that.
 Yes, of course.
  I mean, salt and straw is definitely like it is a good get.
 It's very popular right now.
  It makes sense in terms of revitalizing the downtown and an improvement over Haagen Dazs, which I think Haagen Dazs is too expensive for what you get.
  It's gourmet prices and more like Baskin Robbins quality.
 Sometimes I think it's a little better.
  I mean, I get why it's usually priced around like the Ben and Jerry's price point.
  Yeah, I like it.
 It was definitely like the the people's expectations, I think, have changed since the late 90s, early 2000s.
  You have great passion for ice cream.
 I sure do.
 Sectorkeeper.
  And I know we've talked about before, like, you know, the Disney, the the the ones on Main Street and Buena Vista Street are just using dryers or Edie's, whatever you call it.
  But it's like that Disney boost.
 It makes it taste so much better.
 I do like the dryers a lot on Main Street.
  I have the cookie dough.
 I have a sherbet.
 I like I'm trying to find the price.
  It looks like obviously there's it's more at the Disney location.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 Than it is anywhere else.
  And that's the other.
 It's so it's already a little pricier than your Baskin Robbins or your Haagen-Dazs, certainly.
  But then you get that Disney, that downtown Disney district tax on top of it.
 Very good.
  What's your feeling on Salt and Stroum? I forgot to get it and I haven't tried it yet.
  Well, I think you'll have it and think it's a good ice cream.
 It's probably a little too expensive.
  You know what? I think I like it logo wise and their big sort of like I see land door handles.
  I think it's an it's appealing aesthetically.
 I think that it's very appealing aesthetically inside walked inside.
  Well, there was back when the line was truly, truly insane.
 The wood is nice.
 I think it looks good.
  It's a good mix between like the aesthetic of what's there right now and, you know, maybe a more modern kind of design.
  So it's good.
 It looks I mean, it looks obviously much classier than the Haagen-Dazs.
  And yet it's probably not much more special.
 I like the idea of these kinds of places having more like it's a local California.
  I don't know if it's a local brand and that it's not a Haagen-Dazs you can find in any mall.
  I don't like any of the things in any in where there would be CityWalker downtown Disney where this would be anywhere.
  It should be special.
 It should be something that isn't everywhere.
  That's what I said about the Ben & Jerry's CityWalk.
 It was like a little bit of a boring interior.
  I mean, outside there's the fun.
 What is it? The cow.
  The cow crashed in.
 That's fine.
 Yeah, you know, you were really hard on the interior.
  I do remember really really hard on the interior of Ben & Jerry's.
  What's that? They had redone that.
 I feel like they slapped a bunch of wood in there.
 But it's not as good as the Salt and Straw.
  Salt and Straw looks a little I like a little more brighter pastel-y like a traditional Ben & Jerry's or an Ample Hills really has that like hand painted pastel.
  Go Mary Ample Hills then.
 That's not who moved in.
 Salt and Straw has got to be Salt and Straw.
  You're Ample Hills.
 Ample Hills is expensive too.
  And it's good.
 I just think.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 I really wish I didn't forget to try this yet because I think Ample Hills is good.
  This is fine.
 Do it tonight and review it in tomorrow's episode.
 Maybe it will.
  Ample Hills, I think you just like the flights.
 I mean, I like the flights.
  The flights have delighted you so much that you can have three different scoops that that I think is making you such an Ample Hills stan.
  He's going to kill for him.
 We'll see.
 I don't know.
  You're genuinely like shutting down.
 You're like how dare any of these rubes question Jason's ice cream opinions.
  I just think it's a little much.
 That's definitely the newer downtown Disney stuff.
 It's a few dollars more on top of what was already a few dollars more.
  As I said before, I think everything's a little too expensive, especially when we're dealing with clothing and sunglasses.
  It is.
 Yes.
 I'm just saying that.
  Which adds to the exhaustion of doing these things.
 We're all going to places that cost too much money.
  Yes.
 But then and then it makes us complain about doing it here within the episode that you're listening to.
  Yes, it's a true ordeal.
 It's on point for what the districts go for and it's on point for what we have called it.
  The correct word.
 I had a feeling it was going to be rougher this time around.
  It is.
 But I think it's an unfair note to give to say.
 So I don't like the inside of Salton's Draw.
 It should be like Ample Hills.
  I'm saying there was already an ice cream parlor, a craft ice cream parlor.
 Disney had an existing relationship and they did not extend it.
  What if they were difficult? What if it was on them? What if Ample Hills?  Good.
 They should.
 Everyone should charge Disney a lot of money.
  But then prices go up.
 Then we're paying more too.
  We're going to have to figure that.
 We're going to have to figure out because Ample Hills still is very chummy with Disney and they release their Marvel flavors and their Mickey flavors.
  So I wonder what the situation is.
 And Pop Iger owns stock in them.
  Sure.
 He probably gets a case of ice cream every week for free.
 Free flight when he gets to work every day.
  Oh yeah.
 Oh my God.
 Jason's dream.
 Oh, I would love to.
 A free flight on the desk every morning?  I eat the flight on my own once and my throat hurts so much from that amount of sugar.
  One man is not meant to eat that much sugar in one sitting.
 But it hurts so good, baby.
  You've got a lot of opportunities to get sick during this ordeal.
 Yes.
 And I have.
  You eat ice cream like I dream of eating ice cream.
 Yes, that's right.
 Well, I'm an adult.
 And when you're an adult, you get to do things like that.
  Can we do a quick ice cream check? What do you have in the freezer right now?  I'm out.
 I got to go to the store.
 Are you going to get some tonight? What are the orders in our deal?  I might stop at Ralph's on the way home.
 What are you going to pick up? I don't know.
 Got to see what's on sale.
  OK, so you just kind of wing it.
 You're not.
 Yeah, I like to wing it.
 You know, I wanted to try this Kit Kat kind that I think Dreier's is putting out.
  They have a Kit Kat.
 Do they have pieces of Kit Kat in it? Yeah.
 Or is it just flavored?  Oh, Kit Kat.
 I've got a Kit Kat jewel.
 Cool.
 Wow.
 Do you also also Kit Kat mint? Yeah, it's Kit Kat mint.
  Oh, you got really cool.
 I feel like you have all these mint ones.
 Like, I feel like these mints are like a loophole.
  Like if it's mint, they can get away with selling it, even if it's got like other shit crammed in.
 Yeah, they all have mint in them.
  That's the technicality.
 I also like we're all agitated and you're over there cool as a cucumber.
 Yeah.
  Probably from all of these jewels.
 Maybe this is a lesson we should be doing jewel.
 Yeah.
  Well, if we took away his nicotine source, like he for sure would be agitated.
 Please don't do that.
  We don't want to see when the secret keeper gets angry.
 Yeah.
  Well, speaking of things that are in every mall and boring, wet souls pretzels.
 We come now to wet souls pretzels.
 My enemy.
  We meet again.
 Yes.
 This is a son of a bitch.
 Dual citizenship with City Walk.
 Yes.
  It's one of those brands that is in both.
 Is that where we settle in? We should settle on.
  In my head, I've been calling them like City Walk, like the cousins.
 Oh, sure.
  But I like dual citizenship.
 Okay, sorry, sorry.
  Boys, boys, I should warn you.
 Be careful as you speak of wet souls pretzels today.
 Oh, okay.
 That's right.
 It's a boss episode.
  Oh, right.
 Right.
 Okay.
 So we should.
 All right.
 Well, now, but you know what? We're torn now.
  I wish we all right.
 We have a choice.
 We can just be complimentary of wet souls pretzels.
  We don't incur some wrath down the line or do we say our honest opinions? And I think we owe the listener.
  Yes, we do.
 We're journalists.
 That's why we started this podcast.
  I ain't scared of a pretzel establishment.
 I didn't go to this place.
 It got me sick.
  It's a walk.
 Yep.
 All right.
 So if you didn't listen to the City Walk saga, yes, Jason shockingly combined hot dog pretzels with indoor skydiving.
  It was a problem.
 Correct.
 Pepperoni pretzels.
 Pepperoni pretzels.
  And when I had full sized pretzels with pepperoni before, it had been fine.
 These were pepperoni pretzel bites.
  They have.
 Have you ever had their hot dog pretzels? Yes.
 And I'm fine.
 I was fine.
  But this was me.
 I think this was the universe punishing me for not showing my fealty to Auntie Anne's my lifelong.
  Your wife.
 Your wife.
 The listener doesn't know that you're married to Auntie Anne, the woman who made the pretzel company.
  That never comes up.
 Yeah.
 Uncle Jason and Auntie Anne.
 Bunky Jason.
 Bunky Jason and Auntie Anne.
  OK, you didn't have you didn't go to this one, did you? No.
 OK, yeah, good.
 Because I was going to say, like every picture I look at, I'm looking at ones with like, OK, here's what I'm.
  Also, they spruced it up and I still am like, no, they have slushes in there.
 It's slushes.
  This is I will say it's a recently remodeled particularly consider it a flagship.
  So now it's a recently remodeled flagship, Wetzel's Pretzels and why they come they worked with local artists to bring the store to life.
  There's a door handle that was made by like a sculptor.
 I don't forgive me.
  I don't remember.
 He made like some statue that's downtown of, you know, like a local leader who's important to people.
  And then now he's making a door handle of pretzels complete with like salt rivets.
  And and then he's going to remodel Jason's house.
  Every toilet flusher.
 It's a hot dog.
  Floppy toilet handle.
  There's also a mural in this in this facility now by an artist named Trek Thunder Kelly, who ran for governor of California in a performance artist way in 2003.
  I ran for governor of California in 2003.
  That's no that's no rare fact of it anyway.
 This is the Arnold year and there were lots of weird novelty runs and one of them.
  So now next time you're in Wetzel's Pretzels know that the mural was made by somebody who joined in the gov for dubernatorial fun.
  Sure.
 Got it.
 So now that notwithstanding the recent cosmetic refreshes,  still there is a big, you know, like vinyl sign that says the three young egos and there's a that's pepperoni twist, jalapeno cheese melt and how a roni.
  Looking at the pretzel makes me want to vomit, but the word makes me really how a roni.
  How a roni.
 Yeah, it's disgusting.
  And the jalapenos look terrible.
 They're like blackened and sickly.
  I just in general, like it seems like I don't know why I've never been like I got to get myself a mall pretzel.
  Honestly, I've never had that thought.
 I'm not trying to act like I'm better than anyone who has.
  I'm just saying I've never had that thought.
 And then all they're doing is just making it seem worse by like adding all this weirdness to it.
  There are dark forces at play.
 Oh, no.
  Oh, well, you look you don't look good.
  I just received a text from my cousin on his cricket wireless prepaid.
  Be careful, boys.
 You're venturing deep into a very, very risky place.
  It's fine.
 I'm not scared.
  I'm not scared to call out the guy who set up this this shit establishment.
 I named Rick Wettsal with his partner, Bill Phelps, of course, and his wife, Elise Wettsal.
  OK, yeah.
 One bizarre fact is that what's truly a strange fact is that they wanted to start a pretzel business and did not immediately think to call it wet so's pretzel.
  Right.
 He was I was watching an interview with Rick Wetzel on the Big Idea with Donnie Deutsch, a YouTube clip of that show that doesn't exist anymore.
  And he said he used to be called Wettsal's Pretzel when he was a kid.
  That was his name.
 That was like a nickname.
 Yeah.
  So I made he was like maybe he didn't want to call it that because of that.
  And then they finally were like, come on, man.
 Well, yeah, every it seems like he got a lot of attitude for not figuring that out right away.
  Yes.
 I saw another interview where they said they wanted it to be like California Pizza Kitchen.
 So they were going to be California Pretzels.
  But that was already trademarked or something.
 And Rick Wetzel said one of my wife's friends, who was a proctor and gamble, said, you idiot, call it Wettsal's Pretzels.
  And they thought that was corny.
 So they just called it Wettsal's.
 So they still resisted it.
  And people walked up and like, what is this? They so they were not putting together what was right there.
  He wasn't Rick Wetzel.
 Right now.
 He's gone on to great things since he's responsible for Blaze Blaze Pizza Empire.
  And they were talking about a place I didn't like.
 Yeah.
 I thought you liked Blaze.
 No, you know, weird combo.
  Like I fucked up where like the whole thing was.
 There was so much.
  Oh, yeah.
 I remember.
 And all you could taste was like, yeah, they did Blaze Pizza.
  I watched a five minute video of Elise and Rick Wetzel talking about how they were going to enter the pizza space.
 And people said they were crazy to do it.
  So much competition out there, but they did it anyway.
 And they're growing still.
 You want to flash fire pizza folks.
  You go to Pizza Rev.
 You go to Pizza Press.
 Oh, you like those two.
 Those are the ones.
 Yeah, that's I got that confused.
  Those are all newer pizza ventures.
 Yeah.
 There's so much room for pizza, I feel like out there in the marketplace.
  I thought there wasn't.
 Everybody told them they were crazy.
 There's a lot of these guys get a lot of resistance.
 They keep like plowing through it.
 Yeah.
  But, you know, people calling them idiots.
 And I mean, that's insane.
 They didn't figure that out.
  Well, Rick and Bill, they were talking about this.
 They were talking about a pretzel business and they were on a plane.
  This is according to them.
 And they heard somebody overheard them say we're going to make a pretzel like business.
  And somebody turned to him that was a stranger and said, that's a great idea.
 And that's when they knew they were onto something.
  They went to a bar.
 They wrote all the business plan down in a napkin.
 I'm so excited talking about it.
  They wrote the business plan down in a napkin and it was like April or February.
 And they said, we'll have a store open by November.
  And they did.
 That's the story of what's pretzels.
 That's some Horatio Alger bootstraps bullshit.
  They were working for Frisky's and whatever.
 Whoever owned Frisky's at the time.
  It feels like they're leaving something out.
  Well, they got a third investor, which I think was the person who actually did all of it.
  You know, these charming stories don't entail how you get the money.
  And on the big idea with Donnie Deutsch, they didn't talk about who the third investor.
 They didn't say the name of the investor.
  It was the Prince of Saudi Arabia.
  And I think on another interview, they were like, we had an angel investor.
  So they think maybe that's the silent partner that doesn't want it out there.
  Money ass pretzel money.
 What are they hiding?  Okay.
 Any mall could have a wet'sles pretzels.
 Yes.
  This space could be used for something like specific and Disney related.
  And instead they're just they're still telling the story of this guy who couldn't even figure out that his name rhymed with the product he wanted to sell.
  I don't like this screw wet'sles pretzels.
 This is the dumbest thing.
  Yeah, I have never.
 That's I literally I've now once in a while in a theme park.
  I'll have a pretzel, but I've never wanted one in a mall.
  What do you disagree? What's the problem? What?  I'm just saying these are uncharted waters.
  It's such a you're not you're not looking so good.
 A lot darker.
  Wait a minute.
 There are pretzels around us.
  Last time.
 It's happening.
  Oh, no.
  Yeah.
 What do you think you're doing?  Oh, my God.
 It must be.
 It must be him.
  He's got little he's got little thin hourglasses and he looks a little awkward.
  That's right.
 Rick.
  Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick.
  I'm not afraid of you.
 I still want it to be my name.
  I've never been sure.
  I've never been sure if I want my business to be called that.
  Oh, my God.
 The dark spirit of Rick Wet'sle has inhabited the sector keeper.
  Yeah.
 You know, it's well, you know, it's problem.
  You know, you have a boring brand.
  You know that making your door handle a pretzel.
  governor in 2003.
  That's not that novel.
  It's a good idea.
  So many people did.
 He failed.
 It didn't get any  performance or attention.
 The three young  Migos.
 Did you see the poster?  Did you come up with that? Yes, I came up with that.
  It took me years.
 I came up with that.
  I wasn't sure about it.
 Then a man on a plane told  me it was a good idea and I did it.
 I made  the poster.
 Who was this man?  Who? I don't know  his name.
 I think every time this  man is the third angel investor  just pumping your pockets full of cash  and you present it like some folksy  story.
 Yeah, maybe I'm a  fucking idiot.
  I don't know what I'm doing, but you three  wandered into my  pretzel store and you had  the nerve  to criticize it?  You're putting pepperoni on pretzels  and they've been sitting out.
 That's a good idea!  They've been sitting out all  day.
 It got Jason sick right before he  disqualified.
 You made one of us sick!  I made you sick?  What did you do after  you ate my food?  I did a normal round  of indoor skydiving.
  Okay.
  He floated through the air.
  That's a good idea.
  I bet you won't pull the trigger  until some guy on a plane.
 You're going to start an indoor skydiving  competitor.
 Yeah, maybe people should be  eating my pretzels while indoor  skydiving.
  You're not going to pull the trigger on this unless some guy on a plane  tells you it's a good idea or maybe your wife's  friend or something.
 You don't have any spine.
  His name's Bob Phelps.
  I think it's Bill Phelps actually.
  Remember your friend's name!  This guy has so many holes in his brain!  What do we got in the inventory?  What do we got?  Let's take this guy down.
  Wait a minute.
  I know.
  What we have  is a healthy item  from one of his competitors just across the way  in the same district  of downtown Disney District.
  From the same level  what we have is some of  Jamba's beloved  new oat milk.
  Hell yeah! Throw it at his fucking head!  Get it in his eyes! Squish!  You can see the  spirit of Rick Wetzel dissipating.
  The sun is coming out.
  His army of pretzel guards also  has disappeared and milk has been bad.
  We didn't talk about the three young  egos.
 They appeared and now they're gone.
  Oat milk.
  Now that's a good idea.
  Oh my god.
  And his spirit flew away like  he was on a plane with a third man.
  Boys, boys, I'm back.
  Thank you!  Dude, do you even know what happened?  No, no.
  You turned into super creep dumb idea  having Rick Wetzel.
  No, not Rick Wetzel.
  He's going down, don't worry.
  To be fair, it was like the dark spirit  of Rick Wetzel so we're not quite sure  logistically if it's actually him  or if it's like sort of a dark version of him.
  Which couldn't  sue us for reliable.
  We don't really know, honestly.
  It's dark Rick Wetzel.
 All the big bosses are dark.
  Boys, you become braver by  the level and by the stage.
 Thank you.
  Thank you.
 Unfortunately,  the level  keeper is not  at this stage.
  Oh man.
 Oh no.
  He moved on again?  They moved on again?  She has moved on again.
  I guess we'll keep going on the journey.
  Something tells me  like I've been feeling like  do we have an out and are we going to find  in one of the  yeah, but why do I have the feeling  that it will not be until the  18th stage.
 I see what you're saying.
  That's probably right.
 We'll probably  have to.
 Can we give up if the  level keeper is in like  the fourth one?  I guess, yeah, you could.
  Sweet.
 You know it's not going to be  though.
 I don't think so, but you never  know.
 Yeah, you don't know.
 I don't know.
  I like to gamble sometimes.
  I think it's positive.
 I mean, it doesn't change what  we do.
 We still have to fight all these fights.
  Oh fuck, what if it was in the next one?  Level three might be our level.
  Maybe level three, yeah.
  Boys, boys, as you  venture into level three,  I have an item for you.
 Oh, thank you.
  What is it? Something that will help you along  the way.
  Boys, I present to you  the puff and chill ankle  boots from  Sanukes.
 Oh,  the puff and chill ankle boot.
  Hmm.
 Thank you.
 This could come in  handy if a future boss  tries to hurt us in the ankle.
  Yeah, our ankles are  protected.
 Wait, is it just one singular boot  for the three of us? Yeah,  that's all I could get my hands on.
  Well, in the worst case, we just chuck it out their head  like we did this time.
 Or  the way we handle all of these.
 Do you remember  like in Mario 3 when Mario was in that boot  and he's bouncing around? We put you in the boot.
  I loved that feature.
  Oh, the big boot is one of the best.
  Michael, yes, yes, that is the idea.
  Okay, great.
 Yeah.
  We're going to have to put Jason in  that big boot eventually in this series.
  Yeah.
 And we're going to have to have one of you out there  draw it.
  It's just half of Jason's  face poking through a boot.
 Well,  oh my God, thank you.
 You just gave us maybe the most  valuable item yet.
 Really appreciate  it.
 And we that means that we  audience, all of us have  survived level  two, stage three  of the downtown Disney  ordeal.
 So on we move  to level three.
 What will  we encounter there? I know that with  this, we start getting into the  wine bar district by the  old classifications of this area  that they don't use anymore.
 So  we know that we'll encounter me being way  happier.
 But what will the rest  of you face?  It remains to be seen.
 But  audience, you can follow us no matter  what happens.
 And the entire  downtown Disney ordeal.
 And  remember to use hashtag  follow us on Twitter, Instagram,  Facebook and use hashtag DDD  O.
 Then that district  Disney district ordeal hashtag.
  I already forget what  the other thing was.
 Save the levelkeeper.
  Save the levelkeeper  hashtag sector  keepers, cricket, wireless,  severance.
 Yes, that's you don't have to  use that.
 It's too long.
 I know  what you're on.
 Hey, don't be selfish.
 We're going to help  our friend out.
 Only.
 Yeah, just like toward  like ads, cricket, wireless.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That one  you can just direct.
 Yeah.
 And follow  us.
 Don't follow cricket wireless.
 Don't  stick around.
 Just tweet something.
 Right.
  Adam and then leave.
 And for three bonus  episodes every month, subscribe to Patreon.
  Our Patreon at Patreon.
com  slash podcast.
 The right podcast.
 Right.
 The second  gate.
 We'll see  you once again tomorrow.
 It's  level three.
 Here we go.
 Level  three.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a forever dog production  executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm,  Joe Silio, and Alex  Ramsey.
 For more original  podcasts, please visit forever  dog podcasts dot com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple  podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog  news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever  dog team and liking our  page on Facebook.
