 Forever.
.
.
 .
.
.
Dark!  Darkness falls out on the street, Evil rears its head.
  Get your crazy shake to go, And your fried donut bread.
  The villains threaten this sacred place, This downtown shopping mall.
  We must defend the Lego store, And the Splitsville bowling balls.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, We must protect our AP discount meals.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, With secrets does the Earl of Sandwich conceal.
  Boys, boys, my cousin has been taken by evil forces that have inhabited Downtown Disney.
  In order to find them, he will need to thoroughly discuss every aspect of the mall.
  Stores, restaurants, both of the Starbucks.
  We have 18 daily, very necessary episodes and much to do so.
  I will be there to guide you and keep your conversations from getting too off topic or boring.
  The Downtown Disney ordeal, Why do we do this to ourselves?  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Downtown Disney ordeal, level four, stage one.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always Scott Gerdner.
  Hi.
  And Jason Sheridan.
  We got stuff to address, but something just happened.
  Yeah, something just happened here that's I rushed to hit record on the Jason sign.
  We were wondering, we're waiting to record and Jason sort of over by the trash.
  We usually walk to the kitchen.
  Two things actually happened.
  When you have this new hand soap in your kitchen, it smells amazing.
  And I was trying to like make a note of what it was.
  Okay.
  We've been recording all day and you're taking soap smell on time.
  The madness he's setting in.
  But the most important thing that just happened is that you said I was getting a glass for my sucker.
  Yeah, I got a little lolly.
  Getting a sucker cup.
  So he has a glass from the cupboard and he's just, he's rested his sucker, which is covered in caramel.
  And it's a green, it's a green apple.
  It's a green apple caramel one.
  A good sucker.
  It's a good sucker, but it takes a while to get through.
  And I didn't want to be here like, like on the show, like a whole thing.
  I did it now.
  No, no, no.
  Obviously I made that noise.
  All right.
  So there is just to set the stage for you.
  Jason's taking like a especially long time.
  What's happening?  I'm getting my sucker cup.
  It's almost as good as if he was just like, I'm baking six donuts.
  Like what?  I was wondering what the oven would be on.
  That would be inefficient.
  You want to make them in large batches.
  And obviously I'm eating three of those.
  So I don't want you guys to just have one each.
  Like that's fair.
  Okay.
  But that, that immediately had to be said, but the big headline is we're back.
  We're back.
  We made it out of the underworld.
  We're back in the main feed.
  We made it back onto, we're on solid free ground again.
  If you have not, if you didn't accompany us, if you weren't selfless enough to accompany us on our journey to the underworld and to help us through it, then you haven't heard from us in three days.
  All I can say is it's been a hell of a three days.
  Yeah.
  We defeated a comedy icon of a boss.
  I don't even really want to say to reveal cause you should go back and you should subscribe to our Patreon to find out who we're talking about.
  But he's a businessman.
  He's an entrepreneur, sunglass icon, sunglass icon.
  Let's just, yeah, that's it.
  It's, it was, it was something.
  That's all we'll say.
  And, and we met, and we, hey, we met a lot of friends down there.
  You know, you can poke around, you can look, Hey, you can find out what we did and maybe even check out what we did.
  If you go to patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride.
  And the good thing about the Patreon is we also have a ton of episodes, not about this mall.
  Yeah.
  Going backwards.
  You'll hear if, yeah, if you're tired of hearing us talking about another place that sells stocks.
  If you subscribe to find out what happens, cause you're a completist, you can also go listen to the episodes about rides or robots or people in suit, anthropomorphic animal suits.
  Which the main feed will have again, someday.
  We promise.
  Yeah.
  I'll make sure of it.
  We promise.
  After this.
  So what we have now made it out is how many are we now?  It's we, what we were initially thinking was going to be 15 episodes that is now 18.
  So we're not as far through as we thought.
  We got six more to go.
  Six to go.
  There were three extras.
  That was a surprise.
  We thought there were three sprung up like funguses.
  Yes.
 So we have failed at our attempt to be much shorter than city walk to go easier on ourselves.
  And now we are adding up to just one less merciful one.
  Sure.
  Merciful for you, the listener, cruel for us, the podcasters.
  But on our journey back, back to the above place, we are, thank God, joined by our spirit guide, the sector keeper.
  Boys, boys, you give me strength.
  You're back.
  Thanks.
  We made it.
  You were there too.
  Yes, we're all back.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  We're back where we should be free.
  It is a tough.
  And I don't know that free is accurate either.
  Accurate?  What do you mean?  What do you mean?  Well, we're in this mob where we've got to finish the mob before we can be truly free.
  Oh, I see what you're saying.
  No, no one is free and especially not your cousin to recap what is happening.
  The level keeper is still missing and the level.
  Wouldn't you know it?  The level keeper also not in the underworld.
  Yes, we just keep missing the level keeper.
  Just keep missing.
  But you're close.
  I promise you.
  I bet we're not one level close.
  Probably two.
  Maybe more.
  No more.
  More?  Are you going to spring on us that we have to do the harbor businesses?  God, don't give him an idea.
  I'll be honest.
  Don't give him an idea you want to have.
  I want to do it.
  The harbor hoedown.
  The harbor hoedown.
  I would like to combine it with the downtown Disney ordeal right now.
  Harbor hoedown is separate.
  This is a future year when you found a third coast who is more amenable to this kind of  thing.
  All right.
  Get that guy Anthony Geo and he'll be down for this.
  When you take a six month leave of absence to do SNL Bahrain to do the digital shorts.
  Sounds good.
  Oh my God.
  I wish I could only dream of jobs of that nature.
  Fingers crossed.
  But no, here we are back in.
  We didn't even cross to the bridge yet.
  Like to the like, you know, if you're going west in downtown Disney, we aren't even like  to the part that goes over the street.
  We're still pretty far back.
  Right.
  Like we paused pretty like mid mid mall.
  Where are we?  Where are we going now today?  You're going to level four stage one.
  Okay.
  Boys, would you like to know where you're visiting?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You must discuss and review to ideally free the level keeper.
  We know we got it.
  Yeah, we know.
  Okay.
  It doesn't end today.
  I don't think.
  No, I don't think so either.
  I don't think it will.
  Blacktap window service spot, Splitsville luxury lanes, Tortilla Joe's and other fountains.
  Boys, no.
  Sorry.
  We have to.
  We have to.
  It's part of the mission you gave us.
  So sorry.
  We already did.
  Be careful and keep your mouths closed.
  We will.
  No staff for us.
  We already did.
  Whatever the fuck is it called?  Crazy shake.
  Blacktap.
  Yes.
  What's the sit down?  Blacktap.
  It was so long ago now.
  Craft burgers and shakes.
  Right.
  But this is a different.
  This is the window behind it.
  You just get shakes to go.
  Either standard shakes or crazy shakes.
  This fell into a different.
  Yes.
  Level.
  This is a totally.
  Look, it's a, you know, it's in a different spot.
  So that's why there's a different zoning because all this is basically sort of zoning.
  I think Edwin is smelling my sucker in the air.
  My loli.
  You need a sucker cup to protect as a moat from hungry dogs.
  Jason is so worried about the dog.
  I'm worried Jason might just like shove him over to get him away from his sucker.
  They start growling at each other.
  Every episode you and me become very similar.
  We're both childlike in our wonder.
  Yes.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Uh, so yeah, that's a different.
  So yeah, we're going to discuss the service window versus the actual sit down restaurant.
  Just the service window.
  Now it's interesting.
  They have figured out a way to do the crate.
  They give you a plastic cup with like a shelf on top.
  If you're getting a crazy shake to go, but I think it's a limited selection of crazy shakes.
  I don't think it's the full ones.
  Right.
  And it's also, it's a dollar more or so for the shake at the window because you got to  account for the margins on those extra special cups.
  Right.
  Cause you get to keep those cups.
  So yeah, if you forced by of a souvenir cup park with you.
  Yes.
  Because, because if you think about it, obviously you're going to walk around with your crazy  shake when you're inside, it's just a glass, you know, that they take back and they wash.
  Yeah.
  And obviously like, you're not going to have to bring back a glass to the service window.
  Like that would be absurd.
  It's a plastic.
  It's a whole other skid.
  They need to order these custom glasses.
  Right.
  So, but this you could take, and it's like a plastic glass.
  Yes.
  So you could take a crazy shake into the park with you, which I did not do.
  I should have now that I'm thinking about it.
  Uh, and try to take it on a ride perhaps.
  Yeah.
  I mean, those shakes are like, the crazy ones are like 14 bucks.
  There's still a few places in Disney world or Disneyland where you can get a meal for  the, the price of one milkshake.
  Sure.
  Earl of sandwich.
  You could get two sandwiches.
  Easy.
  You can get desserts and science.
  Can't wait.
  It's crazy.
  Yeah.
  The standard shakes.
  What's the problem?  What was that one?  The Earl of Suttered.
  Robert Earl.
  Oh no.
  Uh oh.
  We don't, I don't think we even know what's ahead of us.
  The level keepers warned me of him.
  Okay.
  Oh boy.
  The standard shakes are $9.
  And I always laugh thinking about pulp fiction and, uh, Vincent Vega being so blown away  of like $5 milkshake.
  It's better be a good milk.
  It's pretty good milkshake.
  And doesn't that seem quaint now when we're charging $9?  Quentin should do a, Quentin Tarantino should do a special edition where he changes the  amount so it matches today's times for inflation.
  Maybe he says like $9.
  What are we at the black tab?  Black tab, black tab, black tab.
  When he put, when he dies, like whoever buys his film rights, that is something that will  probably happen.
  Oh God.
  He'll start to put advertisements in classic movies.
  That's the way we're headed.
  I think.
  Well, I think we're, I think we're headed to one of the shittiest movies ever filmed.
  Pulp fiction too.
  Oh my God.
  You're right.
  Whatever nightmare.
  Isn't there another Travolta?  Like there was like a singer guy named like Joey Travolta or something.
  The Joey Travolta will be in it.
  Yeah.
  Oh man.
  I didn't even think about that.
  Samuel M Jackson.
  His brother.
  The, the, the first I in fiction will be a room numeral two.
  Quentin Tarantino and his, Quentin Tarantino's dad and Al Pacino's dad, Sal Pacino teamed  up for a movie.
  So on the directed, I forget what the name of it is, the directed DVD case, it says Tarantino  and Pacino.
  Come on.
  So there's already stuff like that going on.
  I just saw the trailer for the Jesus movie.
  The John Turturro directed Big Lebowski spin-off directed by John Turturro.
  What?  What?  John Turturro has taken it upon himself to make a spin-off of the Big Lebowski.
  We're not talking to, Tara Reid already did this with those laugh Meisters at Funny or  Die.
  Big Lebowski too.
  That's not what we're talking about.
  That's not what we're talking about.
  I'm sure all listeners remember.
  Of course all the listeners remember.
  So I honestly, you're right about Pulp Fiction too, as soon as Quentin Tarantino dies.
  Oh God, they're all getting cranked through.
  I wonder if he can put something in, like I wonder if there's like a click, he can like  maybe 50 years after he dies, he can keep it protected or something.
  We'll see.
  Maybe not.
  Everything's going to erode.
  They'll make it when he's alive, maybe.
  Harvey Weinstein, who owns it?  Hmm, Weinstein company?  I don't know.
  Bill Cosby.
  Does Disney own it?  They bought the Miramax library, is that right?  I don't know.
  If it's in life.
  Who is the production?  If Disney owns it, we're getting it for sure.
  Oh man, if Disney owns it.
  What Disney rules?  Disney's small family company.
  I don't even think that was true when you were live.
  Pulp Fiction too, a stitch in time.
  Get it before it goes into the Disney plus vault forever.
  And stitches in it.
  Sure.
  You know what, honestly, that's fun.
  Yeah, sure.
  I don't hate that.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  He free, yeah, he's like scram runner.
  He like bites the gimp in the butt.
  Yeah, that's cute.
  He gets the, it gets Tim Roth to reach in the bag.
  His wallet is the one that says, right?  That's how Stitch talks.
  That is how he talks too.
  Jason Hannibal sounds.
  Yeah.
  It's been a runner.
  So Black Tap, does this cover us?  We talked about these shakes already.
  Yes.
  So yeah, basically the gist is there's a service window and you just go up there, you pay an  extra dollar and you get a glass to take home essentially.
  And it's the same shake as you get inside for the most part.
  They're a limited menu.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's, that's the gist of it.
  No, really what else?  Just shakes, shakes to go.
  Moving on?  We call, I guess we could move on.
  Moving on.
  Oh my God.
  Wow.
  What we get to move on to, you know what, I really quick, I'd like to say that this  is, you know, these like weird classifications of areas that they don't use anymore that  I've been bringing up.
  This area, I bet y'all didn't even know.
  I'll keep my tea hidden from the dog who got interested in it immediately as I pull out  my old trusty Disney magazine from spring 2001.
  What's on back of magazine?  Oh yeah.
  You noticed this when I pulled it out before center keeper.
  It's a little distracting that the side that you're looking at from your chair has a full  page back of magazine ad that is for the 2001 Toyota Sienna.
  And it has the, I mean, you're distracted by it because it is a black and white photo  of a naked baby sleeping on the arm of a kind of a buff man.
  And this is an ad for the Toyota Sienna.
  I know I'm just ghost of child, but this is weird.
  It's definitely weird.
  It's a little and get ease ish.
  We talked a little and get ease down in the underworld.
  So a good head of the Patriot for that.
  It's very strange.
  It's not a good way to hold a baby remotely just with this.
  It's head down and it's in your Palm.
  Yeah.
  It's it's a, it's a creepy baby too.
  I don't know.
  Like why the back of a family magazine?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And obviously baby nudity, you judge differently because babies are nude more often, but it  is still, it can be very creepy, especially when it's this very hazy, glossy,  black and white photo.
  And then the bizarre tagline, give them love, compassion, sheet metal and steel.
  We'll tweet a picture.
  We'll tweet a picture of that.
  That's a strange, get it out there.
  That's the 2001 Toyota Sienna.
  Give it to your baby.
  The babies, the naked babies who grew up in Toyota Sienna's are now adults.
  They do still make the Toyota Sienna.
  This baby we're looking at can vote today.
  So vote in the most important election of your lifetime, baby is coming up.
  So yeah.
  Vote or die, baby.
  That's coming back.
  Give the world love, compassion and sheet metal and steel.
  Curl surfer die.
  Or what was it?  No, it was no, it was a snooker die.
  Snooker die.
  I'm getting confused already.
  I'm sorry, we've been doing this too long.
  It's yeah, we should, we should say by the way, I've never, have we recorded more than  two podcasts the rides in a row.
  We've been recording all day because we're trying to get these done faster and it's hitting  me.
  I want to do it every recording now.
  I mean, yeah, there's a loopiness that's setting in, but it's truly making me wonder after  I finish every sentence, did the previous sentence make sense?  I hope just tell me if it didn't.
  I think we would jump all over you if it didn't.
  Probably.
  I think you're doing fine.
  Sometimes I find myself staring off and then brought back suddenly.
  You're just like the listener.
  Nonsense.
  Everyone's fascinated by every word of this, every description of a naked baby advertising  a Toyota Sienna.
  What I was heading for is that this area is, we don't even know the name of it anymore.
  It's called Paradise Plaza.
  It's the heart of downtown's high energy live music area.
  It is.
  I guess when we passed by it the other night, there was like a Andrew Sisters kind of group.
  Yeah.
  But the concerts have happened elsewhere for a long time.
  They also strangely say the colorful fountain in the center is shaped like a California  poppy, the state's official flower, but that's not where the poppy fountain is.
  No.
  This is a good time to talk about one of our topics, other fountains.
  Yeah.
  It can't go out of order.
  No, no.
  It's just the fountain.
  Oh, because you, okay, okay.
  But you have to for my, for my cousin, the level keeper.
  Yeah, you're drifting too.
  There is a fountain in here.
  It's just like, it's like a shark fin.
  It's like a triangle.
  It's a fine fountain.
  And this is also where the deconstructed Donald sculpture is right now.
  They have all these deconstructed sculptures that when you look at them at the correct  angle, they form, you can see the character, but from the side, it just looks like pieces.
  It's like horrifying, disembodied pieces on posts.
  I think they're cool.
  The sector keeper didn't really like them.
  I couldn't figure it out.
  It was like a magic eye.
  Like a magic eye.
  I didn't have the angle.
  I'm too little.
  You weren't tall enough.
  We needed to lift you up.
  You're still very short.
  I acknowledge that when you look at those, uh oh, I dropped something.
  I acknowledge when you look at those from the wrong angle, it's kind of horrifying.
  There's a, there's a Grant Morrison writer.
  He's a comic book writer, an issue of Multiversity where who's, who's the original Dr.
 Manhattan,  not the analog.
  Oh, um, Captain Adam.
  Captain Adam.
  He takes, he's trying to understand humanity and what life is.
  And he like takes a dog apart and understands like he, cause he's trying to figure out what  makes it and why is it, uh, why is it a thing?  Yeah, so it's all the component pieces.
  It's all the component pieces of it.
  And so he's all like, does he put it back together?  He does put it back together because he's all powerful.
  But like, it's as if someone was like, why is Donald fun?  I must rip this duck apart and look at its pieces to understand it completely.
  And then you're looking at the pieces of Donald and you're like, ah, cause that's what happens  to people when they see this character rip a dog apart.
  There is a hatch, there is a beak.
  I do not understand why it is funny.
  It's his bottom.
  Yeah, right.
  For sure.
  Well, the seat, his thick seat.
  We switched our terminology.
  Yeah.
  We call it a seat now to make it more friendly.
  Yeah.
  That's our word for, uh, well, I can't, I don't even want to say the words anymore.
  For your rear.
  So we wanted to keep it, cause I, I said a dirty word referring to it.
  What did you say?  Uh, A-S-S.
  So.
  Thanks for deconstructing the word.
  Yeah.
  I wanted to break it.
  It feels good to be bad.
  Feel free.
  Do you want to say a swear right now?  Yeah.
  Do you want to go for it?  You can say it out more than we are.
  Yeah.
  Go for it.
  Okay.
  I'm going to say shit.
  Wow.
  That's good.
  Oh, he's dragging his jewel.
  Oh, big hit.
  What flavor is that?  Oh yeah.
  That's the stuff.
  Okay.
  He's not even listening to you.
  He's so cool.
  He's just ignoring you.
  Fall asleep.
  Okay.
  That flavor was pumpkin spice.
  It's just the season.
  Well, like a little past it, honestly.
  Is it?  Now it's November.
  It's.
  All right.
  You're right.
  Pumpkin spice mint.
  Right.
  That's how everything has mint in it.
  Thanksgiving and Christmas.
  Yeah.
  So, uh, we now, so paradise Plaza, the hall of fame.
  We're finally at the heart as we deconstructed into parts.
  That's right.
  I understand.
  We're trying to, we're doing that without that.
  We're trying to understand it by pulling it apart and seeing all the different pieces  of it.
  There's it's, there's it's wine district and there's it's a paradise Plaza.
  Okay.
  But also we're learning.
  It doesn't make sense when you take them pieces away.
  We are learning the same thing that, uh, what captain Adam learned.
  Yeah.
  The weight of years pulling this park down parts of the nineties, parts of the two thousand  right.
  It doesn't add up.
  We're learning the great lesson of life.
  Is it fun there?  We still don't know.
  We still don't know.
  And maybe we'll never know.
  Maybe the heart will help though, because we, I think did one of the best things that  we have done in either the saga or the ordeal.
  We went to splitsville.
  Splitsville.
  And this was a big milestone for us.
  It was the very first time we got something free.
  Got something free on Disney property.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, it was, yes.
  So press opportunity.
  We said, you know, we're a podcast and we'd love to come in and review.
  We'd love to check everything out.
  I don't know if I said review, but check everything out.
  You know, we're journal, we're theme park journalists.
  And they said, sure.
  Yeah.
  So great.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  And then being sort of a separate organization, I guess, like Disney, you have their own.
  Disney is so cold to us in general.
  And of course they're wrong to be because we are, they need us in a lot of ways.
  They don't realize it yet.
  But as we establish cold also to Jenny Nicholson, to our friend, the new way of a alt theme  park media, they are pretending doesn't exist.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And I mean like you're, there's other places like we're, am I jealous of fresh baked Disney?  The YouTube channel that gets into the stuff.
  Of course I am.
  Very jealous of his ass.
  Yeah.
  But does he have ghost child saying shit in his content?  I will say that for sure all the other theme park media, there is yet to be a ghost child  on any of this stuff.
  Jim and Len have not had a ghost child, a dusty sage, mice chat, no ghost child hasn't  happened.
  So we are innovating.
  Disney doesn't understand it.
  Bumper car boys.
  Bumper car boys.
  Fuck the bumper guys.
  Excuse me.
  Screw the bumper car boys.
  I said the F word.
  I'm so sorry.
  Sometimes it feels good.
  Sometimes I mean, sometimes it feels good to be bad.
  So he's right.
  I saw a tweet though.
  I think they are prepping a series that involves a zombie child.
  Those fuckers.
  Those bumper car boys.
  Ripping us off, lifting us, they're covering.
  Disney doing freaking zombies?  I think, I don't know.
  The bumper car boys are doing.
  No, no, no.
  Bumper car boys are.
  Cause they're doing, they're doing a 25 part series about everything in Hershey, Pennsylvania.
  Oh, wow.
  They better not get to the harbor hoot nanny before us.
  Yeah, if we don't get to it within, you know, within the next two weeks, bumper car boys  are going to steal it.
  Those fucking bumper.
  Excuse me.
  Those freaking bumper car boys.
  I like to knock them on their seat.
  Yeah.
  Kick them right in the seat.
  I say so splitsville, the bowling splitsville.
  But I'm happy to say, despite the free stuff, we had a great time.
  We are not lying.
  No, we haven't been bought.
  I already would have said nice things about splitsville because I had not done the bowling  component of it.
  I had not done like the, you know, the main thing you go there for, but I'd done it just  as a, as a restaurant because there's an outdoor patio and a nice bar and it just being one  of the newer restaurants on property.
  And it's immediately such a big boon to the downtown district, Disney district.
  And I think my wife would agree like with suddenly it's like, oh my God, you can actually  get their meals outside of our beloved trio of flatbreads at the, at the bar.
  I think food was a little more slim pickings and with black tap and ballast point, like  it's all been improving.
  So if you don't even do the bowling part, just like you can get good beer, good drinks,  good food at this place bowling alley, like a cool mid-century art directed.
  Yes.
  So it's just this first appearance of aesthetics.
  Yes.
  It might be the first aesthetics I like anywhere in downtown Disney.
  It's got this mod 60s vibe.
  Oh yeah, sure.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But I think it's open before.
  So it was like, it was so rare to see like you could take a picture of something and  in downtown Disney and you like the way the picture looks.
  I first went there just solo actually and sat in the outside area where they have little  concerts and stuff, keeping the promise of paradise Plaza alive.
  Yes.
  They'll have like an acoustic guitar out there.
  Uh, the guy who's fine.
  Um, and the, the wall that the musicians perform in front of is this like super Jetson Z like  the little like 60s slivers.
  It actually reminds me of like, uh, like the way old like churches from the sixties look.
  It's like cool church architecture.
  Oh yeah, I see that.
  I get it.
  And you pass by that or you see the monorail going by.
  It's like, it feels like a little, it feels like a little slice of sixties tomorrow land.
  We were sitting by that giant window inside and the monorail would go right by it and  it was great.
  So neat.
  Yeah.
  You got to see them on.
  Yeah, it is.
  It does feel like, is it the most stylish exterior in downtown Disney?  Like it might be.
  Probably.
  Yeah.
  And recently redone because it was the house of blues RIP.
  You can hear our thoughts in the underworld.
  So it was a moved into this massive facility house of blues, which I will say I was never  a fan of the aesthetics of it.
  I mean, location that's a bit of a mess.
  Uh, but this place looks so cool.
  Like they, they took it over and pretty quickly, uh, gave it this cool mod vibe.
  It's a good retro, but that feels current too.
  Uh, good stuff before you even walk in the door.
  Yes.
  We walked in the door and we're fitted for bowling shoes and taken to a lane, uh, which  the sixties vibe continues.
  I really love that big, uh, uh, is there, is there a big orange or am I thinking of  just a big bowling ball?  It's an orange that has bowling ball holes in it for your fingers.
  That is sort of a hidden Mickey a little bit too.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Mickey, I think a bit of a Mickey, uh, oh, that's even in the description.
  I just pulled it from the website dynamic hand painted murals stretching along entire  walls contain subtle hidden Mickey's.
  Um, this place also, by the way, while I'm looking at their stats, 600 seats, two craft  cocktail bars, two open kitchens, 25 flat screen TVs and live music, 365 days a year.
  Wow.
  Uh, your fan is your family, uh, parted ways with you for Christmas.
  They said never again.
  Don't even try coming here.
  Not a splitsville and see a concert.
  Once my mom heard me say the F word twice in this episode, she might say that to me.
  You are not welcome.
  I do have a brief bit of bad news that I think is easily fixed.
  When I tried to pull up the menu on the Disneyland website, it appears that stitch has eaten  it.
  Oh, go Disney dot coms faults.
  Maybe it is.
  That's often what happens is you can't find things, but now what would that have sounded  like?  Okay.
  Good to know.
  Just for, just for study purposes.
  If you listen or reach for his sucker in the cup, that's what you'll hear.
  If you're a dog who reaches for his sticker, there's a very small crack in this cup too.
  And the, uh, sticker stick, the sucker stick rests perfectly in it.
  So if that's why you needed the time, perfect.
  Should we sell a ringtone of Jason doing that?  Fighting me from my pocket.
  Yeah.
  And then it'll be a picture of perfect stitch.
  When I was doing it the other time, it doesn't sound like that at all.
  No, yeah.
  It doesn't sound like him at all.
  But he kind of talks, does he?  Yeah.
  Family.
  Someone hire me for voice acting, please.
  Family.
  Family.
  Do I have to pay like 300 bucks to take a voice acting class where they're like, oh,  the characters you would best try out for is like dumb piece of shit.
  Right?  That's what those classes are.
  That is what happens.
  They'll be like, oh, you would be the nag.
  Like they'll say that to you.
  Oh, you would be fat idiot.
  I don't know if they say that, but maybe some.
  Fat sounding voice.
  Yeah.
  Oh.
  And then Jason will go there and like, uh, Stitch, you would be good for Stitch.
  Hey.
  Cool.
  I would say, I remember when they, Stitch, as we covered Bay, a non-Downtown Disney related  topic in the Patreon a little bit ago, uh, the castle cake, and we also talked about  when Stitch, uh, teepee'd.
  Right.
  Cinderella castle and it's, and the teepee said, do you remember?  Oh, it's Stitch's King.
  Oh, Stitch's King.
  It gets worse and worse.
  Stitch's King.
  Um, wait, you know what you sound like is the Rob Schneider and the water bowl.
  You can do it.
  Stitch's King.
  You can do it.
  Sorry.
  I'll treat it you that way.
  So, yes, we were given a lane, uh, and they, yeah, that retro vibes.
  I think we were on, uh, we were in like six, seven, eight and there's little like this  little spark.
  And what it looks like actually is like the opening sequence of the big Lebowski.
  Oh yeah.
  The film predating John Turturro's.
  Jesus.
  Yes.
  Um, yeah.
  Cool, cool little, uh, light and fixtures.
  Monorail's going by as we said, um, big narrow tables and, uh, we'd, we went hog wild appetizers,  main dinners, drinks and dessert.
  And then the appetizer portion is where we found and I don't even want, I, I, it's not  even my place to announce it.
  Jason, I will let you, I call the, you're talking about the fig and pig flatbread.
  I am talking about the fig and pig flatbread, which I very quickly went, this might be the  best thing on property.
  Like this might be the best tasting thing.
  It was so good.
  Yes.
  You're nodding your head.
  Yeah.
  It, it, boys, boys.
  It was delicious.
  It was a plus.
  It was crazy.
  The prosciutto fig spread, goat cheese, fresh mozzarella, uh, maraschino onions, dried figs  topped with dressed arugula.
  Delicious.
  The bread was delicious.
  The meat, the cheese, the fake, all of it was so good.
  I think it's a recent addition too.
  I think it hasn't been on the menu for that long.
  So keep it going.
  And I usually don't like that fancy pizza.
  Oh yeah.
  I'm more of a traditional, like classic guy.
  And cheese, just like Kevin McAllister.
  Just like Kevin, but this really hit the spot.
  It was really good.
  They also have a full pizza menu too.
  Um, which I regret it not getting one of the, cause this flatbread, the crust was so good  on this.
  I should mention, or we should mention, I came with.
  Yeah.
  We not said that officially.
  Yes.
  We needed a fourth of the bowling.
  Yes.
  And thank you for bringing me.
  Thank you for taking me.
  We were there alone.
  Especially when everyone was staring.
  Oh yeah.
  Sorry.
  Oh, you mean whenever, when you, when there was a ghost around and everybody was, is that  what you're referring to?  Yeah.
  But what that's, I had said, what a testament to the service at Splitsville.
  Right.
  They handle it.
  They discriminate.
  Yeah, nicely.
  Everyone, it was a big problem.
  You were trying to pick up the ball and your hand was just going right through it.
  And that was a whole kind of embarrassing thing.
  Yeah.
  We'd stick your hand above the little fan and just get shot up into the ceiling.
  Yeah.
  And we'd lose you for like half an hour.
  Yeah.
  So then.
  Or when I had sangria.
  Oh, we didn't really want to talk about that.
  We weren't talking again.
  We were invited back at this point that we, we came in here, they were nice enough to  treat us.
  And then we gave alcohol to a minor.
  A ghost minor.
  Um, sorry, Splitsville.
  The real issue though, is that you drank it and it went right through you and it was on  the seat.
  Right onto the seat.
  I didn't really drink it.
  So did you get any vibes from it anyway, even though it was mostly passing right through  you?  Yeah.
  It tastes like juice.
  Which is kind of what you're at.
  We're talking about it.
  You love Capri Sun and stuff.
  And I've already had the flavor sangria before.
  Okay.
  Geez.
  You have so many.
  I don't think one is repeated.
  I think you've had three different jewels in every episode.
  Look at my belt.
  Whoa.
  It's like Rambo.
  It's like a Rambo belt.
  Jewel cartridges.
  You have a whole, you have like a.
  One across my chest.
  Yeah, across your chest.
  Oh yeah.
  You opened your hoodie.
  Oh man.
  Wow.
  Geez.
  You're, you're stacked.
  I mean, you look really cool.
  Whoa.
  Lined up all the way up your legs.
  Attached like a holster attached to your Scottie Pippen socks.
  Yeah.
  Geez.
  So you're, this is heavy.
  Yeah.
  I mean, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're,  you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're,  you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're,  you're, you're, you're, you're, you're.
  So it's your addiction from going to hell.
  That's what you're still ago.
  It's just we kept you out of the I was always in trouble  clarifying what kind of bling in and out of the temporal  worlds.
  What you walk between.
  We're yes very much.
  You were very gung ho about the job when we left.
  Yeah.
  The city walks.
  But then you kind of regress.
  Yeah.
  It's kind of like the genie at the end of Aladdin when he  frees him.
  But then he sort of just the genie the rest of the time.
  Returned to far.
  He comes back like still got all his powers and stuff like he  should free the genie and he should have just become a dude.
  Yeah.
  That would have made sense.
  So you kind of became a dude.
  But now you're back to being ghost.
  So really it's a lot like Aladdin.
  Spoiler alert.
  That is what happened in the live action one.
  You have just forgotten.
  I do know.
  Oh, I was thinking about the cartoon.
  I would bet a little money that in the sequel to Aladdin,  he'll be a genie again.
  Oh, yeah.
  Live action.
  Oh, yeah.
  We were talking about all these reboots.
  We were talking about reboots.
  They did Aladdin.
  The Lion King is back.
  Aladdin is back.
  Beauty and the Beast, all your favorite movies as a kid,  are back.
  But films with human actors.
  Why?  Yeah, I mean, you were asking a question  about bringing things back.
  Oh, you said money.
  I think, yeah, probably money is a conservative move, really,  if you think about it.
  I mean, it's good.
  You'd like it because they just do all of the same things  that the previous movie did, except for one token  nod to feminism.
  But otherwise, it's just exactly the same.
  So it's the movie you remember watching.
  Oh, I'll go see it.
  You don't have to do any new work  and learn to see anything new in a new movie.
  Keeps my brain from working hard.
  Yeah.
  Also, technically, if you were a child in the 90s,  you would be well of age by now.
  So Splitsville, don't worry.
  We didn't actually serve you didn't serve a minor.
  Don't worry.
  You're in the clear.
  Oh, yeah.
  And also, he's a ghost.
  He didn't get it.
  And he's a ghost.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But it was fun.
  Yeah, it was fun.
  It was very fun to bowl with it.
  Maybe the only complaint that you  might have about this place is that, and it's hardly  a complaint because you were eating, as we said,  very delicious food.
  But then you were also bowling.
  But this leaves you in a germ quandary.
  Yes.
  One of the germiest things you can do is bowl.
  Yeah, I went to the bathroom, I think, five to seven times  during the meeting.
  It was close to us, luckily.
  Very close, yes.
  I think there needs, I was trying to figure out  a solution to this problem.
  Maybe all food that you have to eat with a fork.
  Because then that's OK.
  But if it's like, and I had to get rid of our flatbread.
  But OK, maybe it's like smaller pieces of flatbread  that you could poke with a fork.
  It was a little like toothpicks.
  Yeah, because I had a chicken sandwich, which was good.
  But I was like, OK, maybe one hand.
  I think it was affecting my bowling, honestly,  is thinking about my hands.
  I picked up one ball and it was greasy.
  I was trying to keep a different hand.
  So I don't know who greased up that ball.
  How heavy were you going?  The green one, 13 pounds.
  I don't think I did 13.
  I think 12 is as heavy as I went.
  Oh, I went nine.
  Yeah, I go lighter.
  Yeah, I'm strong.
  Yeah, clearly.
  We should reveal scores, though.
  I mean, I don't have them all written down.
  But you did not you were you did not defeat us then  with your strength.
  No, no, you gave me strength.
  We gave you strength by playing so well.
  Right.
  In the only round that we completed in full, the winner was Mike.
  Yes.
  The unattainable earth shattering score of 105.
  You beat us handily with 105.
  Very embarrassing for all of us.
  We are not the Jesus.
  No, I forget.
  I think I got my strike that round.
  I think I got one strike.
  And then we didn't finish another game.
  Yeah, we didn't quite get there.
  We ran out of time.
  So it does feel like it would be nice maybe to eat.
  It makes sense if you're going like appetizers and drinks.
  That's almost perfect.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Meal, I think, is what slowed you down.
  Maybe bowl around and then eat or vice versa.
  Yes, you go into the front part.
  I mean, that's the only thing is like if you're if you're  having your precious bowling time and you're getting a big meal.
  And I want I feel like I want to enjoy the meal a little more  even too, because then I felt like, well, we got to get  another round and we did not get another round.
  We didn't we didn't quite get there.
  But I mean, part of that being that, yeah, when you were  torn between food and the bowling game that needs to proceed,  which I think was especially a problem for Jason.
  Well, I fucked up.
  Spoiler alert, this is what I this is where I  eat it too much and got a tummy ache.
  And it wasn't lack of quality.
  Everything very good, very high quality.
  Yeah.
 But when it's on the house, it's a little hard to stop.
  And I don't really often eat in this fashion of like appetizer  and entree and dessert and a beer.
  Yeah.
 Like I do like two of those like I'll have an entree and a drink  or an appetizer and this like this was a lot of even split.
  We share the appetizers.
  And just for completion sake, the other appetizer, we had the grilled avocado  with ahi tuna, a very interesting like a full avocado topped with tuna  and sticky rice on the bottom, wonton chips.
  I had a bacon cheeseburger.
  Mikey with the blackjack chicken sandwich.
  I did, yes.
  Um, Scott, you had a sushi roll.
  A sushi roll was great.
 Fantasy roll.
  So a place that has like all kinds of stuff and sushi,  that sushi might not be so good, but it was it was so good.
  Sector keeper, what did you have?  I had the.
.
.
  Did you have the Power Bowl?  Power Bowl, chicken Power Bowl.
  You insisted on getting you were feeling a little logy from extra  jeweling that day.
  Yeah, yeah.
 My head was killing me.
  But Power Bowl was good.
  Yeah, Power Bowl was really good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Did it give you strength?  I guess you could say it gave me strength.
  Yeah.
 It gave you power?  I guess you could say it gave me power.
  I think a good choice because you eat it with a fork.
  Yeah, you very good choice.
  You guys got that.
  And then we split the super sundae and the jeer deli brownie.
  Yes.
 Very good.
  I have a picture of you alone at the table,  spoon in hand, looking like you want to die,  going in for the dessert, which I think you felt compelled to at that point.
  It was really good.
  It was good.
 I just think you would stuff yourself.
  I love a brownie with ice cream and this bread, it was warm, it was soft.
  Sometimes it's very easy to get a stale brownie at like a restaurant  when they dump a stale brownie or they just reheated an old one.
  But this one was really good.
  It was a real good to do this dessert order.
  There was a real war room vibe.
  And I think you were maybe off to bowl or starting to bowl or something  when the server said, do you guys want to pick your desserts?  And like Jason desserts.
 OK, let's and I like roll up the sleeves.
  Yeah, let's get the rest.
  You kept bringing up the cake, whatever cake was around.
  It says a generous portion of the chef's featured cake.
  You were like, I got a giant cake.
  I want to know what you got to find out with the chef's cake.
  We learned it was carrot cake.
  You're heart broke.
  I always did like that bowler who was like, I did that mad bowler.
  Oh, yeah.
 Who do you think you are?  I am.
 Yeah.
  But but not in celebration.
  It was more like, well, the game has gotten the game is a the game  is gotten complicated.
 What do we do now?  I was hoping they were to say like a Boston cream.
  I'm fine with carrot cake.
  I'm sure it was a delicious carrot cake and probably a little less intense.
  Like what we got.
  A giant, really a giant sun.
  You want to do both of them.
  You're trying and you're trying to bowl.
  We're trying to do physical activity.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Jump into these things.
  The bacon cheeseburger was good.
  I'd say that the top bacon cheeseburgers at the resort,  the top cheeseburgers period at the resort now.
  Black craft, pretty solid.
  Statehouse black tap craft, black tap craft, burgers and beers.
  Excuse me.
 OK.
 Black tap solid.
  This also very solid clubhouse 55.
  Very good as well.
  So those are the tops.
  They're a little pricier, but you're paying for quality.
  Jason's Cheeberg.
  That's my cheeseburger.
  If you want a cheeseburger at the Disney Resort, I mean,  it's not my number one place to get a cheeseburger by any means.
  What is your number one?  Probably just go to In-N-Out Burger.
  I'm an In-N-Out Burger man.
 Huh?  Hmm.
 That's an interesting question.
  I do like that steakhouse 55 one, though.
  Yeah, I yes, I made a joke when we were bowling  that you were going to start just when your turn came up,  because when we got the food that you just start rolling gutter balls  to get back to the food really quickly.
  Yeah.
 But the opposite happened.
  You started bowling really well when the food came.
  Like you started like I got two strikes in a row,  strikes in a row as soon as the food came.
  So your body, your brain was like the fastest way back to the food  is rolling strikes because then I don't have to wait for the second frame.
  So you bowl better in that moment when the food first came.
  Then you did the whole game and could not replicate.
  I said with with bowling and pool.
  I'm like an idiot or a savant.
  And there's no in between.
  I mean, they're very good or just atrocious.
  I have a similar feeling about some of those games as well.
  But I I was like you did the opposite with the same result.
  The same results.
 Yeah.
  Like it was amazing, honestly.
  I did roll some gutter balls, though.
  Yeah, but that was later when you were low.
  Then you were low.
  When the food came, you were hitting the flow.
  Yeah, you would have been.
  Yeah, you could.
  I think any sport in the moment when food was about to come,  you would have been perfect at it for those five to 10 minutes.
  I I fucked up, though.
  I should have gotten another.
  I should have gotten like a pizza and had a slice or two,  and I would have been right level of full  and then had a hearty lunch for the next day.
  I was off my game because I was distracted by an actual game.
  You could have done off my bullshit.
  But I think you were at the height of your any of any power.
  I think I think you're right about what you're saying.
  But I think that you would you were  the reason you bolt so well is because you didn't do that,  is what I'm trying to say.
  Maybe potentially.
  I think you could have beaten Sammy Duvall  at a water skiing contest in that moment.
  Oh, yeah, maybe.
  To get back to a Sunday.
  Yes, if there was a Sunday sitting on the beach at the Polynesian.
  All right, folks, I don't got all day.
  Let's do this.
  Lapping Sammy in the water,  punching a gator like not today, not today, friend.
  You're not getting me flips over lands on the beach Sunday.
  Oh, and our drinks item mango, a Golden Road mango cart.
  Delicious.
 Oh, yeah.
  Whatever was the rotating draft and I don't know what it was.
  But I think I've gotten the rotating draft more than once there.
  And it's been good every time.
  Oh, I had a bit of some sort of berry drink.
  I can't remember the name of it.
  You would have it was lavender.
  Was it lavender?  You had the berry lavender.
  Berry mint.
 Berry.
  No, not mint.
  That's your thing, not mine.
  You got a berry mint on there.
  I think I had a berry lavender thing of some kind.
  It was just juice.
 It was just good juice.
  Yeah, my sangria was really good.
  Yeah, it was just juice, which is now a bad connotation  was we know from the Jamba episode.
  Also, juice is what they call vape, vape juice.
  So you got like a bandolier, is it bandolieros?  Mm hmm.
 Oh, juice.
 Yeah.
  The woman next to us asked me if I was having sangria.
  Oh, yeah, she wanted to know and she wanted to know if it was good.
  And then you were like, yeah, it is good.
  And then I think you were like quietly like, I don't know if it's good or not.
  She wanted she seemed like she had her mind made up.
  I couldn't tell if she trusted me.
  Yeah, she I wonder if she noticed that you were a ghost.
  She was very polite, though, so she didn't.
  Yes, I got to ask to everyone at S.
  Was there the nobody said a ghost?  Yeah, I'm in the arms of whoever they were with.
  The the guy bowling next to us was jacked.
  Yeah.
 And when I got a strike, he was very he made me feel real good.
  He was like, yeah.
  And then he gave me that big high five.
  And I was like, what a story, we're all in this together.
  Just saying, you made me feel like they're having a good time at Splitsville.
  Yeah, it is.
 It was good.
 Yeah.
  Fives are good.
  I think there's yeah, there seem to be some some bigger parties going on.
  Mars was just a party of four.
 Right.
  But it was a rager.
 It was they.
  Yeah, it's a huge menu.
  It seems like everything is done well.
  So you have like picky eaters or like people can't agree on stuff.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, don't be biased that it is a bowling alley because it's fun.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  And you only have to half commit to the bowling and not super good.
  So it's for lay or just eat there.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 As I've done several times, it's a great patio.
  I don't know this this thing that this was all taken up by a club  that I probably never want to go to.
  And now it is just a relaxing open air bar.
  Good stuff.
 This is one of those improvements of downtown Disney.
  I think the downtown Disney ordeal three years ago  would have been a much more sordid affair.
  But we have a lot more like nice things to say about pretty decent restaurants  thanks to what they've done lately.
 That's true.
 Yeah, I agree.
  Does that make it more fun? I don't know.
  I don't know.
 It's better if it's worse.
  It's no city walk.
  It's no city city walk.
  Bigger ups and downs.
  Actually, no, just bigger downs.
 Yeah.
  I don't think I think we can say nothing at either of these two things  has been as fun as Splitsville.
  Hasn't it been the highlight of our daily series?  That's a good question.
  Specifically city walk or.
  I mean, indoor skydiving was interesting.
  That was a trip.
 But it's not as fun.
  No, it for sure wasn't.
  No, I would go back to Splitsville tonight.
  Yeah, I would do indoor skydiving again, but I wouldn't expect.
  I'll say this.
  I would I guess I did.
  I would spend my own money happily at Splitsville.
  At indoor skydiving, I spent it begrudgingly.
  Uh huh.
 I hear that.
  No, that's you're probably right.
  I'm just trying to think.
  I'm trying to think of even the promise.
  Maybe wizards at City Walk is the only other thing I would rather maybe do.
  We didn't get to do only that was in nostalgia for place we never were.
  Yeah, right.
 Rock Park.
  No, I know.
 Yeah.
  But so it's even Menchie's.
  Menchie's you can sort of do whenever.
  That's one by like.
  Was it Menchie?  My haircut.
  Who was your enemy? Sparky?  Sparky.
 Not Menchie.
  Menchie was a good.
  He took my place in heaven.
  That's right.
 I'm so sorry.
  It's OK.
 OK.
  Do you have any feelings off hand about Tortilla Joe?  Do you?  I do.
 I'm just curious.
  You know, that is a character.
  I don't know if he's real or.
  Tortilla Joe.
  Yes, Tortilla.
  Tortilla Joe is a friend of my cousins.
  Oh, OK.
  Hmm.
 So would it be a problem  if I said that I didn't particularly care for Tortilla Joe?  Oh, nothing against him.
  I don't even know what he looks like.
  Well, it doesn't help that it is part of the patina restaurant group  who have given us so much.
  So many headaches.
  Oh, it's another patina.
  There you go.
 Patina.
  I did not have my beloved little pepperoni cups that Naples does.
  Naples? Naples.
  The pizza restaurant.
  They have a little pepperoni.
 They're from a while.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Um, no, I look.
  I'm probably giving the short end of the stick to Tortilla Joe.
  Am I the only one who's been in full disclosure?  Yes, I have not eaten a meal there.
  I know people who really like it, though.
  Yeah.
 I think I've talked to other people.
  Tortilla Joe stands.
  Um, I went, I think pre ordeal,  I think Aaron and I went and it was fine going down.
  But we were like a tad pricey, maybe.
  And then we felt terrible all day.
  Oh, really? It was a stomach issue.
  Yep.
 Yep.
  Oh.
  Which doesn't befall me as much as both of you.
  I was just saying, I feel like there's like 20 episodes  where you guys have had stomach issues.
  Well, again.
  Jason's number one stomach issue for sure on the podcast.
  Splitsville's the only way I overindulged.
  I had no stomach.
  I was recovering from a stomach thing last week,  but I wasn't on death's door like Jason was after that meal.
  Well, it's kind of like bowling or pool.
  I either have an iron stomach or it's a fucking mess.
  So.
  If you have three beers,  it just ruins the next three days of your life.
  Yeah, I don't drink a lot.
 Yeah.
  I checked down to three not long ago.
  That's my cap now.
  A beer?  Back when we started this thing, I could have downed four.
  Beer.
  That was 2017.
  Beer is too heavy.
  I get filled.
  I can drink hard liquor.
  What do you have to look forward to growing up, sector keeper?  Yeah.
  I can't wait to drink and feel bad for days.
  So Splitsville and Tortilla Joe's both fall in that very narrow category  of they'll validate your parking for five hours.
  Right.
  That's not many do now.
  Well, not so again, the divide is you can,  if you spend $20 at any establishment in downtown Disney,  you get that.
  Sorry, this is Disneyland.
co.
com.
  That's not right.
  Yeah, it is.
  Disney.
  They have a dot co.
  Dot go.
  They said go.
  Oh, no, no, Disney.
  We should talk about that at some point when Disney bought go dot com and still has the  back boat of all their internet audit.
  That's right.
  Yeah, that's why it's all go and they're still hanging on.
  So I think I said this on an earlier episode, you get three hours of parking.
  If you spend a $20 minimum purchase at any quick service restaurant or merchandise locations  or kiosk, they will validate to get five hours each table service.
  But Black Tap and Ballast Point are not considered table service.
  Splitsville and Tortilla Joe's are considered table service.
  You can go to Naples and if you order at the bar and I did this once, they validated with  just drinks.
  So if you get the right bartender, you can get maybe not having to spend on a full meal.
  That's a good tip.
  If you buy two pizzas, you can get those three hours.
  Of course, we learned that a long time.
  I figured the two pizzas story.
  Two pizzas.
  That happened.
  Two pizzas.
  Well, they're little.
  He saved one for later.
  Yes.
  Yeah, I saved one for later.
  In order to get free parking, he got two pizzas, one to go.
  I tell you what, every episode, you and I, man, you live in the dream.
  Oh, what do you have?  Oh, he's blowing rings.
  It's Boston cream.
  It was the cake I was hoping Splitsville had.
  With mint?  Yeah, it's got to have mint.
  It's got to have mint to pass the law now.
  I'm losing the sector keeper.
  Uncle Jason's becoming his favorite.
  I got to do something good for you.
  No, we might be blood brother.
  We might be brother.
  Two brothers.
  Two different brothers.
  Brothers.
  Even though you're already the brother of Bugsy, we determined, who no longer exists  because he's.
.
.
  Are you also Hugsy's brother?  Hey man, there's family you're born with and family you find, you know?  Well, Hannah means family as Stitch learned.
  What did Stitch say when he learned that?  Family.
  Closer.
  I guess it's closer.
  That was a little better.
  You got to break in.
  I need to tell Jason about a pizza deal in the neighborhood, California Pizza Kitchen,  go in there, eat an entree.
  They'll let you take any pizza home for $5 and it's cookable, like cookable pizza.
  Sector keeper, this is out of bounds, clearly.
  Objection.
  Wait, when you say co.
.
.
  You mean like par baked?  Like partially baked?  Boys, boys, boys.
  Okay, sorry.
  All right, sorry, sorry.
  It's like you have card business all over again.
  The metal detectors are one boundary.
  I'm so sorry.
  The Honda Odyssey with the Star Wars Galaxy Edge logo is the other.
  There's no CPK at downtown Disney.
  I know, I'm sorry.
  The CPK is over at the Garden Walk.
  I got to say, I prefer that Odyssey to the Sienna.
  I'll tell you what.
  That picture is smut.
  Smut.
  I can't believe they still sell a Sienna.
  I looked it up.
  I thought be gone, banished by the picture.
  Siennas were canceled.
  Yes, Siennas were canceled.
  And before canceling was a thing in 2002.
  Apparently before taste was a thing.
  Cheapers, creepers.
  If anyone has some.
.
.
  We'll look at them later.
  If anyone has fond Tordia Jo's thoughts, I don't mean to.
.
.
  I feel bad that I'm the sole voice here and that I had a bad experience, but I did and  I have to speak my truth.
  Yeah, that's okay.
  I mean, that's understandable.
  Yeah.
  So shitty.
  We have never regretted it.
  I don't think at Disney Meal as much as our whatever we.
.
.
  And we had separate things too.
  So there's something in the stock with something in the beans and the rice.
  There's so much wonderful Mexican food for so cheap in Southern California.
  And that's kind of my thing.
  And I find a lot of sit down places I go to.
  A lot of it's bad.
  A lot of it's bad and places where it's platters, they fill the plate with rice and beans.
  Some places, that's great.
  If they're really making their own rice and beans, like homemade, it can be wonderful,  but not everywhere.
  When we do Downtown Disney ordeal revisited, which is yet another one of our news.
  Like an after show.
  Yeah.
  No, no, not an after show.
  When we do this whole thing again.
  Oh, like an after show six months later.
  Yeah.
  An after show is the exact same topics and maybe more like there's more of the show.
  Oh, so like a live action remake.
  It's like a Disney live action remake and we'll add in just a couple extra characters  and maybe one new song that was half written when we did the original.
  Kind of about Hillary or something.
  And it's kind of about, yeah, a topic, something topical.
  The main thing, all these movies, all the villains are now like Trump.
  That's the only thing that's changed.
  I'd like to say this, this has never happened in the history of recording podcasts.
  Right.
  We've been recording so long today.
  My ears are ringing from wearing the headphones.
  Oh my God.
  You're getting ear cancer.
  It's not a crazy ring, but like that, like, you know, you fear that one.
  Like maybe even in a loud space too long.
  I know that ring.
  That's the ring of purgatory.
  Oh no.
  Jesus.
  Are you transition?  Are you dying right now?  I'm seeing like a, is that Joe Biden?  Oh God, maybe I am.
  No, no, don't talk to him.
  All right.
  I don't want to put his arm around you.
  He's clasping my, oh, he's smelling my hair.
  Oh no.
  Come towards the fog.
  Come towards the vape fog.
  I'm back, I'm back.
  Well, can we end this?  Aren't we there?  We could.
  I think so.
  Anything else about Tortilla Joe's?  I don't know.
  Made me sick and Mike's dying and I know what Darren's making me for dinner at home.
  And as soon as I leave, I get to have it.
  Is it reheated Tortilla Joe's?  Why it's enchiladas and I swear enchiladas with the green sauce are better than, better  than what we had at Tortilla Joe's.
  I didn't say that much.
  Enchilada Erin is her nickname.
  Enchilada Erin.
  Man, you gotta make those in bulk.
  What do you guys got, Ruth?  We're feeding you now.
  I brought you iced tea already.
  You did bring me iced tea.
  Thank you.
  Jason makes all of his friends his surrogate family.
  Because I'm a surrogate.
  I'm a surrogate.
  I'm a surrogate.
  I'm a surrogate.
  I'm a surrogate.
  I'm a surrogate.
  I'm a surrogate.
  I'm a surrogate.
  I'm a surrogate family because why?  I say it, say it.
  I don't know if this isn't heading towards the end of the episode.
  I don't know what is.
  I would like to say that we survived this level on stage, but barely we get anything.
  Boys, boys, you give me strength.
  You also give the level keeper strength, he's my cousin.
  He texted you.
  Yes, he or she texted me from their cricket wireless prepaid phone.
  They said that they're doing well and that they want to add something to your inventory  to help you along in your journey.
  Great.
  We're gonna need it.
  From Splitsville, it's a pitcher of sangria.
  Oh, wow.
  Oh, refreshing.
  Yes.
  That's great.
  There's a little orange there and a strawberry.
  Ah, and we can.
  But while you drink it, or you can only drink it while you bowl a full game.
  Oh, man.
  Wait, what?  So it can only be used in tandem?  Yes.
  Can we throw it at someone's head?  Like, say Robert Earl's head?  I don't know.
  I shouldn't assume anyone's the boss.
  Yeah, okay.
  Well, I don't know.
  We'll figure out a way to make that work.
  We'll have to MacGyver that into something.
  But there's potentially useful items within that.
  Sure.
  Like, we could take an orange slice and make somebody slip with it or break the pitcher.
  And when all's said and done, if we just get rid of the sangria, keep the pitcher, future  place for Jason's suckers to sit.
  Oh my gosh, Jason, how many suckers could you store in that pitcher?  Oh, gosh.
  Probably a whole bag, a whole dumb dumb bag.
  I like you when you're talking to wave a sucker around like.
.
.
  Let go, Jack.
  Like Sloppy Telly?  Yeah, like Sloppy Telly himself.
  Ohana means family, baby.
  Ohana means family, baby.
  That was a little cleaner.
  You're better at Code Jack.
  Tell your voiceover, Coach.
  Okay, so we have some sangria now, which we can take into tomorrow's sector, level four  to two.
  That sector.
  That's what I have when you've been recording all day.
  Okay, so you survived, podcast the ride of the dent on Disney ordeal level four, stage  one.
  We made it.
  So if you want to survive more stuff, keep following us on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook,  hashtag DDDO, hashtag save the level keeper, hashtag sector keeper, cricket wireless severance.
  This has become an exit interview for me every episode.
  What's the children's song that keeps growing every time?  The song that doesn't end?  Yeah, maybe.
  No, that doesn't grow.
  That's the same.
  Every house gets longer and then it's like, and that's the way it goes.
  Well, the 12 days of Christmas does that.
  Yeah, it's sort of like that.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Or it's like the Andy Kaufman sang a song about like the cow goes moo and the pig goes  oinkin'.
  Right.
  Anyway, to wrap it up, as you hopefully know by now from coming from the underworld, Three  bonus episodes every month at patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride and next month it'll  be something different tomorrow.
  A lot of fun in store, different kind of beverages in store.
  Come back checking out.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever  dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
