 Forever.
.
.
 .
.
.
Dark!  Darkness falls out on the street, Evil rears its head.
  Get your crazy shake to go, And your fried doughnut bread.
  The villains threaten this sacred place, This downtown shopping mall.
  We must defend the Lego store, And the Splitsville bowling balls.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, We must protect our AP discount meals.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, What secrets does the Earl of Sandwich conceal?  Boys, boys, my cousin has been taken by evil forces that have inhabited Downtown Disney.
  In order to find them, you will need to thoroughly discuss every aspect of the mall.
  Stores, restaurants, both of the Starbucks.
  You have 15 daily very necessary episodes and what's to do so.
  I will be there to guide you and keep your conversations from getting too off topic or boring.
  The Downtown Disney ordeal, Why do we do this to ourselves?  Welcome to podcast the ride, the Downtown Disney ordeal level three, stage three.
  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Mike Carlson.
  I'm here.
  J.
O.
J.
 So I'm getting so out of it.
  It's another late night.
  It's another night for these ordeals.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And I'm hitting a mental roadblocks where I'm forgetting that I have to say the name and then you talk.
  Yeah, because it identifies the name with the voice.
  Yeah.
  Old radio trick, I guess.
  No, I know.
  I know.
  I know.
  What?  Yeah.
  There's paradox.
  What?  Who is Mike and who is Scott?  We've seen a lot on social media of people saying they cannot tell Scott's voice from mine.
  And then I'll see a lot of stories attributed to you or to me when it's actually the reverse.
  So I guess from that, you know, maybe we should actually address that.
  Maybe I should just do a different voice for the whole rest of the run of the podcast.
  Maybe McGruff, maybe you will lose your voice.
  Your throat will just disintegrate.
  Yeah, maybe.
  Maybe I will.
  Maybe I'll get used to it.
  Wait a minute, if you talk as McGruff the rest of the episode, maybe we'll get it done quicker.
  Yes, Mike McGruff, make it clear that you're a different person.
  Yes.
  OK.
  There was a comment that was like where there was confusion over the voices and then I saw somebody say like, oh, come on, Scott is the one who sounds the dorkiest.
  Let's be honest, everyone.
  OK.
  Scott is the dorkiest dork.
  All right.
  So let's that's how we know it.
  And like, can we all just be honest with ourselves that Scott's the dork and now and all time I was like, maybe is it maybe it's not me.
  Maybe they're confused.
  That's what I hope.
  They could have been talking about me and they just don't know the voices.
  Yeah, maybe.
  I've been holding out hope.
  If you left that comment and clearly it's a place that I'm checking the comments.
  Yeah.
  Let me know if you are so that confident that I am the dork.
  But let's bring the fourth voice in to level three, stage three here, a pro of podcast, the right, a frequent guest as he loves to be called the Alec Baldwin of podcast, the right where that very proudly.
  Yes, I know.
  I'm happy to say Jason Waller.
  Hello.
  Hello.
  Hey, guys.
  Thanks for having me back.
  Very happy to be here.
  Always happy to be included.
  Yeah, sure.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Sure.
  And of course, whatever you want.
  Thank you for joining us for a real Nalyn's meal.
  And you, though we're still recovering from our uvabar ballast point episode with Kyle, you have brought us beers again.
  It's another one recording late at night and you've brought us Nalyn's beer, Nalyn's brews.
  I thought there was a chance.
  So I was like, well, I have some white claws in case we want to have one.
  But then Jason came in with three different plastic bags and like 18 beers.
  Wow.
  And yeah, I don't know.
  We don't have to drink all of them.
  I went to Captain Corks in Los Feliz and just asked him whatever he had from New Orleans.
  Put in the bags.
  Oh, yeah.
  And there was that much.
  Wow.
 They've got a beta.
 There are all beta beers and then Sazerac Rye, Sazerac both a cocktail and a brand of rye whiskey.
  Oh, that's interesting.
  Oh, really?  Yeah.
  OK.
  So it doesn't have anything to do with the cocktail?  I think the cocktail traditionally uses Sazerac Rye and it was invented in New Orleans.
  I thought it used cognac.
  Is that right?  I like that's what it said when I looked it up.
  But Jason didn't have 24 hours to prepare for this.
  So forgive his lack of knowledge on the topic.
  I always thought Sazerac had rye in it because of the name.
  Well, we'll figure that out.
  You could have cognac too.
  This is every five.
  Or we'll drift off entirely because where it's another it's become another drinking one, I guess.
  I think we need it.
  This has been this is the again once again the name or deal correctly chosen.
  I'll say as a listener and fan, it is an ordeal on this end as well.
  There's a lot of content to get through.
  Yeah, I feel it more.
  We didn't do like any of them short.
  I'm glad.
  Thank you for your feedback.
  This is a rare opportunity to get feedback mid ordeal.
  We know we can't address a lot of it because we've recorded a lot of what's coming already.
  But if you had to give any any tips or notes.
  I'm enjoying every minute of it.
  But it is to wake up to like an hour and a half new stuff every day is a lot to I just know I'm not going to.
  And you're not you're not working in Pomona right now.
  You don't have a massive commute.
  I've got about a 20 minute drive to where I'm working right now.
  And I did Eva's episode.
  I had to do some of it on one and a half speed.
  To be perfectly honest.
  No, how dare you, sir.
  This is art and you do we dictate the speed.
  I wanted to finish it before I saw you guys that night.
  So I think I sped up a little bit.
  Is it easier to tell Scott and I's voice apart on one and a half speed?  Would that help?  Or would it make it just the same?  I go way up.
  Yeah, it makes you less dorky.
  I was going to say to Scott, I'm not I'm so cool as long as you do it at one point five.
  He comes the coolest chipmunk in town.
  The dorkiest human.
  But if I was hanging with Alvin and the gang.
  It looks like some recipes call for cognac and some call for rye whiskey.
  The main ingredients being two different kinds of bitters and a muddled sugar cube.
  Lemon peel and absinthe.
  Absinthe is the big absinthe.
  As long as we're correcting things.
  Jason Ballast Point Sculpin is available for twelve dollars at Trader Joe's.
  So the price Trader Joe's also drops their price.
  I don't know what that means.
  That's not a we shouldn't relive.
  I'm saying yes, I do think they're fair.
  But compared to like a liquor store or in some parts of the country, beverage distributor, which is where you have to go in some states to buy beer.
  I have a lot to say about this, but I will refrain for the.
  Jason's screaming getting Jason got so mad at me when he said, what did he say?  What was the grapefruit line he said in the episode to go?  Apparently, who cares about grapefruit?  That's war.
  You didn't swear in there about grapefruit.
  He said I was arguing about craft IPA's and the different like fluctuation and prices.
  It was a big fight.
  A big fight was a big fight broke out.
  But we're kind of calm today by the presence of one of our great recent inspirations.
  What is going to be?  Yes.
  So Mr.
  Plus is out in the background.
  I'm trying to put we have Mr.
  Bugatti playing without the sound on just to in case you haven't seen online, there's a big movement to confuse the Disney Plus algorithm and to get Disney to realize that there's a huge market or think that there's a huge market for Mr.
  Bugatti and hopefully launch a cinematic universe or just launch a TV series.
  You guys even playing it on loop all day here.
  I have not.
  But I figured that I started in the evening.
  I can't see this, but there's a message has come up and says you've reached your Bugatti limits of the day.
  Please check out the Mandalorian.
  They're forcing you in.
  We are taking control.
  It's a Mandalorian.
  If you like Mr.
  Bugatti, you have to watch the Mandalorian.
  A video from Bob Iger comes up.
  Hi, I'm Bob Iger.
  You've been watching a lot of Mr.
  Bugatti.
  We've noticed we're going to ask you to watch some of the other programming on Disney Plus.
  My company has spent a lot of money on a certain series and we'd appreciate if you'd respect our wishes.
  We all appreciate this funny joke.
  We're ahead of you.
  We get it.
  Believe me.
  Yes, we think it's very funny.
  We purchased the Bugatti franchise from under director, Oz Scott.
  He gave it over plenty willingly.
  When he showed us his plans for the third film, we laughed and said we're going to go another way.
  Is Oz Scott still alive?  Have we checked?  I believe so.
  Does sound like a fake name of a director.
  Yeah.
  From the 80s.
  No, he is.
  We've looked him up.
  Oz Scott's around, the shepherd of the Bugatti franchise, and eventually he'll be trotted out at forced appearances when  Bugatti's Edge is built at Disney Parks Worldwide.
  Yes, I love it very much.
  It's like Mr.
 Bugatti on acid.
  So, yeah, as you said, this is a campaign started by our friend and past guest Van Roba Show to really try to make Disney think that there is a strong desire for Mr.
 Bugatti.
  And now all of the green light decisions have been AI'd and automated, so they may have to make more.
  There may be no say in it, no human voice involved, that someone would get an email being like, okay, on the slate is a new Bugatti.
  No one decided.
  Oh, it just shows up.
  We have to do this now.
  People get a memo.
  There's a release date, summer 2022, and then it's, okay, well, here we go.
  Yeah, everyone just wakes up and finds out what the new things are.
  And then the robot starts writing the script that writes all the like live action reboot movies that aren't anything.
  They're scanning Richard Mazer's face.
  So if he dies, he can still do.
  I forget if he's Mr.
 Bugatti, if that's the dad or Mr.
 Bugatti.
  Mr.
 Bugatti, by the way, we should say is a film from 1986.
  It was on like the magical world of Disney and Eisner did an intro for it.
  It seems like it has a strong presence in people's minds and hearts.
  So they've cut out all the Eisner.
  They're not framing any of this.
  Yeah, it's all.
  Hello.
  We Google.
  I mean, I searched Eisner just in the search bar and there's like nothing.
  Nothing.
  He's just been wiped from his memory.
  Or is there some piece of Eisner content anywhere on Disney Plus?  Not that they've marked it at least or maybe.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So perhaps he snuck into something, but there's no, there should obviously be like a best of Eisner because they have like, you know, they've different boxes that say like Star Wars, Marvel.
  Once you just say Eisner and it should just be his face and you click on it and it's all of his greatest hits.
  His greatest intros.
  Yeah.
  Perhaps his greatest intro.
  Sorry.
  No, I was going to say, did you mean Josh Gad?  No, I didn't mean Gad.
  Stop trying to guide me algorithm.
  All right, we'll play Gad.
  There's like a deep fake where like Michael Eisner, you click on him, it's Michael Eisner for a second and then he puts a Mandalorian helmet on.
  And then the show just starts.
  You want to see Michael Eisner? Very fascinating, huh? Like no, Goldblum, no, not everything can be according to you.
 Get away.
  It is.
 Thinking about though the Mandalorian, the idea that the secret is that it's Michael Eisner under the helmet is pretty good.
  Maybe.
  That would be a really good twist.
  Anything is on the table.
  You know, we also in Checking the Socials, there were apparently people who were upset that we didn't support their cause of the Apple dumpling gang being the first thing to watch.
  Oh, right.
  The algorithm and I'm in support of that too.
  I'm all in support of throwing off the algorithm.
  We're not supporting you.
  To me, this feels like a Sanders Warren kind of thing.
  I like both.
  I like both.
  I think they're, you know, they're both fine.
  There's one clear choice.
  They're both great.
  One of them voted for Reagan twice.
  Just a player in the game, you know?  Either the point is the point is the Dublin gang doesn't want to abolish ice.
  That's fine.
  Look, it's like they say not not boogity us.
  Not him.
  What you're finding is I don't pay as much attention to politics as I do.
  You know, Mr.
  Boogity on the day to day.
  What the point is, clearly, the Mandalorian is Biden.
  So we're all in it together.
  We're all trying to overthrow what people think is the obvious choice.
  And that if you kind of stop and think about it, it's a little dull.
  It's a little sleepy.
  It doesn't maybe have the freshest ideas.
  And that's why we just have to unite behind a voice for change.
  Leading out of one eye.
  Teeth are falling out of its mouth.
  Mandalorian is like sniffing Jabba's dancers hair.
  Can't stop.
  Can I just say because this is sort of like I'm going to say this now since  we're talking about Disney Plus and then we can throw it to the sector keeper  for what what is in this.
  Yes, we should.
  Can we just cancel?  Let's talk about this is great.
  I can do both.
  We so kind of annexed into this stage the Disney Plus activation booth.
  Yes, while we all went down together to go see it and we're quickly informed  that well, folks, we're not online right now.
  This is not working.
  Oh, yeah.
  It really was a display booth for the Rick at Ralph themed error message that is  displayed on Disney Plus because that's what the monitors were showing us.
  So you could fiddle around with the user interface, but you could not sign up  there, Scott.
  You were able to get a free button.
  I did.
  I told I swore that I had signed up earlier in the day.
  So they gave me a button.
  This was on the day of the launch.
  We were at I hate to brag, but we were all together at the official booth on  the official launch day of Disney Plus.
  And I got a button commemorating it.
  And I think that is where they launched it from.
  It's where they get the red button was there.
  Yeah.
  So they the whole the whole Disneyland Resort surged with energy.
  That little line that comes out of the logo shot up out of the out of the booth  for iPad pros like that.
  It's what it's running on there.
  I was just going to say there were two this happened twice.
  You excitedly to an employee of downtown Disney, that guy.
  And then I think the person in one of the places we're going to talk about today,  you excitedly said about, you know, the McClunky thing.
  Greedo said McClunky.
  Do you know about McClunky?  Yeah.
  And you said it in excess so excited and the person just really like yes times  looked like you were out of your mind.
  It's weird.
  It's weird that a 60 year old Disney employee doesn't know everything as soon  as it happens and everyone's already made things that are very popular on Twitter  only.
  Don't you know this is three hours old already on Twitter?  It's all over.
  Yeah.
  McClunky.
  Well, you feel free to explain.
  Well, just people noticed when Disney Plus launched, they watched Star Wars  New Hope and the famous Greedo scene where Han kills Greedo.
  That's been changed about 10 times by George Lucas.
  It had been changed again.
  And this time they kind of both shoot at each other at the same time.
  But and that's like that that's kind of happened in the last cut, I believe.
  But the difference this time was that Greedo says McClunky and then he dies.
  McClunky.
  McClunky.
  And then he has shots and then Greedo's dead.
  And everyone was like, what the hell is this?  Everybody's wondering who's going to shoot first in this one.
  Let's go straight to that scene.
  Will it be answer A or answer B?  And then it was a C or really a X or a Z that nobody could have ever guessed.
  Yeah.
  McClunky.
  And now we have a word that we know has been gifted to us from George Lucas in 2012.
  He gave us the word McClunky.
  I think, yeah.
  So George, yeah, it came out that this was not because some people were upset about it,  thought Disney was fucking around with Star Wars again.
  But it was George Lucas before he sold the company.
  He wanted to add a very important piece of dialogue to Star Wars, McClunky.
  And he did it.
  And then he handed it off to Disney.
  Yeah.
  So I guess, yeah, that was his last little gift to us.
  The gift of McClunky, which I like.
  I will be on record.
  I'm not the first person to say that, but I like McClunky.
  Yeah.
  I'm into it.
  It was making me smile all day.
  So at the Disney Plus sign up booth, the guy is like, oh, yeah.
  So you signed up, huh?  Have you watched The Mandalorian?  And I said, no.
  Do you know about McClunky?  So it's this new thing that Greedo says when, and then almost the same thing happened as  we were being led into Ralph Burnham's Jazz Kitchen where somebody saw, the hostess saw  my button and like, oh, Disney, have you watched The Mandalorian yet?  And I said, no.
  Do you know about McClunky?  And in both cases, they didn't even say, I don't know what you're talking about or I'm  confused.
  They just didn't say anything.
  Yeah.
  It was eerie.
  They were scared of you.
  I think so.
  Yes.
  I feel like they were all like hitting silent panic buttons.
  They were all trained to ask, how about The Mandalorian?  Clearly.
  Yes.
  Here's a way you can personalize your guest interactions today on the day of the launch.
  And I found the code that shut down the Disney robots.
  Like if you needed to bring a Westworld robot in for repair, that's like the secret code  to get them to like shut down and be malleable so you can take them backstage.
  I think that's what happened.
  The secret word is McClunky and everybody, all the cyborgs melted.
  They were probably like, is this some like racist code that's going to get me in trouble?  Who are you?  Can I just get you to say McClunky?  Could I film it?  Hey, just say it.
  It's a fun thing.
  Yeah, it's cool.
  Just need to throw it on 4chan.
  You'll be a star overnight.
  The Disney Plus Activation booth is where I learned about an unsettling, what I'll call  unsettling series.
  Apparently there's a bunch of shorts to tie into Toy Story 4 called Forky Asks a Question.
  And real big, and this is on the sample like browsing.
  I don't even think that was like the fold like Disney Plus, but the sample provided  is Forky Asks a Question colon.
  What is money?  And the explanation, Ham attempts to give Forky a lesson on how the US monetary system  works.
  So that might be one of the bleakest pieces of entertainment I have ever seen.
  Hey, you know what I got to tell you, we shouldn't tax those billionaires.
  That's what I think.
  You know, corporations shouldn't be taxed at all.
  Don't you think, Forky?  That's a big, you know, you worked hard enough.
  Any four year olds watching this, may this influence your future voting.
  Listen to me, listen to Ham.
  Did you watch it?  No, I don't think I don't think I wish I watched it.
  Yeah, I'm sure there were definitely themes.
  I so this, well, we're doing exactly what we Jason, what you say with it.
  We're adding to an exhaustive amount of kind of, we are telling you, I'm cherishing every  minute of I didn't mean like we should make this one shorter.
  We can't shortchange it all the way here.
  It's got to be a minimum two and a half hours.
  But that being said, now this while this technically was what we all said was part of the stage,  because this was a surprise thing on the stage.
  So I don't hear any fucking coughing from the sector keeper because it was on point.
  But let's hear the rest of what we're supposed to talk about.
  Where are we going today?  Boys, boys, today's stage includes Wonder Ground Gallery, Disney Home, and Ralph Brennan's  Jazz Kitchen.
  Good luck, boys.
  Boys, boys.
  Wait a minute.
  OK, so that's all great.
  And we're going to do all that.
  But you know what?  There was one at this stage was hopping when we all went because not only was the surprise  of the Disney Plus booth, but also there was a magic show clearly within the confines of  our so we didn't even have to annex it.
  It was happening and breaking out when we got there.
  So a magician setting up.
  He had also an iPad with a countdown on it.
  Maybe the longest two minutes of my life.
  He called us hipsters at some point.
  He called us hipsters even though he was the one wearing the pork pie hat, the three piece  suit.
  Well, my main memory of it is that we had a dinner reservation in probably six minutes.
  And we asked when does the magic show start?  And he said five minutes and or maybe a lot.
  Maybe it was maybe flip that.
  And Jason, you were like, OK, let's get out of here.
  You were like, you cannot have been more.
  So hungry.
  You were so.
  Oh, no.
  I said, I go, yeah, I go, you know, they let you, you know, they let you get in if you're  like 10 minutes past the reservation.
  You go, no, they will.
  No, that's going to be a problem.
  And I said, oh, I thought before you've not been so concerned, you said, no, I'm always  concerned about the reservation.
  I like to call ahead.
  I don't think that's big enough.
  You said that I call ahead.
  I do call ahead.
  This didn't seem worthy to call him.
  But also, I didn't know everyone seemed on different irony levels.
  So I didn't know if we were playing along or if we were watching this guy or if we were  like, no, we're going to dinner.
  Come on.
  You know, watch those levels again, Mike.
  Jason's getting hot.
  He just went like what you did.
  You just did a fucking impression of me so I can match it.
  Sure.
  That was fairly accurate to my memory.
  Yeah, you were really like exploded.
  Yeah, I didn't want to be there.
  So I was expressing my emotions.
  What do you mean you didn't want to see a magic show?  You're choosing magic over dinner.
  This content is plenty reasonable.
  This downtown Disney is so goddamn dry.
  These stores aren't fun.
  They're not interesting.
  The least that could have happened is we saw five minutes of magic so we could have talked  about it and goofed around.
  And you were like, no, no more fun stuff to talk about.
  And we were near ballast point.
  You saw the words ballast point and made you think about those extra three dollars that  you didn't want to spend.
  So you're agitated from that.
  It's all salt piling up.
  So we had to do we said five minutes of the show.
  Getting grief from you two very normal people.
  The most normal men.
  I take your stand without going back to your normal ways.
  Let's hear it.
  We need content.
  The magic man was content.
  We had to we did have to.
  That's a very good point.
  We watch a minute of it.
  I didn't know what I was expecting.
  Well, he did tell us we you can watch a whole thing or you can watch two minutes.
  Oh, yeah, that was a very low self-esteem kind of like, yeah, fellas, I know you don't  want to see this, but like bodies drop bodies like just hang out for a few seconds.
  Yes, that was the vibe.
  And he he was hooked up by a wireless head mounted mic to the speakers that were on the  things.
  And so we waited two minutes.
  We're just counting and watching the seconds go down.
  And he starts this kind of corny show.
  And who does he who does he pick?  He's like, I need a volunteer and just zeros in on the angriest human being watching him.
  And then we all look to you like here it goes.
  And you it is the sharpest daggers you stare as if you we might help you get out of it.
  And instead, of course, we go, yeah, forward.
  It felt like you stood there for 30 seconds.
  You really hung back.
  You hung back instead of just being like, oh, that's funny.
  I should go do this.
  That'll be funny story.
  Whatever.
  I swear it was one, two, three, four, five, six and so on.
  My therapist helped me practice deep breathing exercises.
  Yeah, but I'll help a guy out.
  I'm not crazy about audience participation, but I did it.
  He did it very graciously.
  And he did a very good card trick.
  You were gaining once you did it.
  Can you describe what the card trick?  I don't remember the specifics very well.
  It was a classic set up of pick a card, show it to the audience, don't show it to me, shuffling  the deck, put it back in the deck, pull out the card.
  Oh, it's obviously the my card was the 10 of diamonds.
  He shows everyone.
  This is your card.
  It's a five of clubs.
  Right.
  Like they get out my card and yeah.
  And then he he reaches into his pocket and pulls out.
  He pulled he pulls out the five of clubs from his pocket.
  And then I turned the car over in my hand and it was the 10 of diamonds.
  Great trick.
  Great trick.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You did a good job.
  Fine.
  Great trick.
  Well, look, we're all we're all skewed because we've all seen a saucer appear in a small  room.
  We've seen a creature.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  What would you say the greatest trick you've ever seen of all magic tricks?  I mean, I think it's that finale at the Copperfield show.
  That was truly miraculous.
  The UFO.
  I've seen it three times that I've cried every time.
  I cried.
  I cried tears.
  I cried tears.
  You really gifted us that entire episode.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We really should thank you for that.
  And our awareness of the whole thing.
  Check it out on the Patreon.
  If you guys, if you're not, if you're listening, you're not a Patreon subscriber and you're  in Vegas or you're not in Vegas, go to Vegas and see the David Copperfield show.
  I don't know if you said that on the regular podcast.
  I can't remember.
  And then subscribe and then, and then listen to that episode.
  Cause it's a great discussion of it.
  And then just kind of try not to think about some of the more problematic parts of David  Copperfield's life.
  Well, he, they went away and I assume for nefarious reasons.
  Yeah.
  Like, uh, Jeff Goldblum says, if you haven't been convicted in the court of law, you've  done nothing wrong.
  And Jeff Goldblum now is one of the major stars of Disney Plus.
  Right.
  So you can trust him as much as you can trust Mickey Mouse.
  And that's the end of that story.
  Yeah.
  Life finds a way.
  I guess we should say also, by the way, just as we're heading into this stage, uh, because  a fellow fan of, of, of Copperfield and who was with us earlier in the ordeal.
  And I know as your friend, Eva Anderson, you mean you heard the episode you like she, she  disappeared.
  She is speaking of Matt, she's gone and we don't know what it was.
  I've been texting her and no response since I, since that, whatever that is.
  Oh Jesus.
  Cause we're too scared to text her.
  So we do, we just kind of like, we're worried.
  And that was it.
  I mean, I want to check on her, but what if like, what if we didn't, some, whoever has  her sees the texts and then comes to get us.
  I just don't want to feel guilty.
  So yeah, I've just kind of put it out of my mind.
  Like you just, you're just leaving her.
  You just, I mean, I'm not doing anything either.
  I'm concerned.
  I'm worrying about it, but worrying isn't doing anything.
  I guess you would want us to do the boogity challenge.
  So that's what she would want.
  Yeah.
  Challenge.
  What if Mr.
 Boogity has her?  Oh, is that where it's headed?  Who knows?  It could be.
  There's all that we can promise to taught concise storytelling ahead in this ordeal,  but we can't tell you what's happening.
  It is weird.
  I'll say it is weird that our friend was sitting right where I am now and just, I guess disappeared.
  Is that spot, does it make you feel like being in a murder house or something?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  A little bit.
  You can sort of feel the negative vibes, but it's not the only thing that makes me feel  like that.
  Sure.
  What that means exactly.
  I don't want to, I say that to say, uh, it said that we're in a, a, a boss level, a boss  stage right now.
  So I let's learn the lesson of, of Eva.
  If we never see her again, let her be a patron saint for a hasty guest escapes.
  You should, as soon as we're done here, you should get the fuck out because I don't want  you to.
  Now I'm going to run as soon as we've discussed everything in great detail.
  Sure.
  Yes.
  I'm going to book before whatever.
  And that's like, if that takes an hour and a half, two hours, it doesn't matter.
  But I think it's once we're wrapping up.
  Yeah.
  Oh, could be.
  Absolutely.
  I think that's what it takes because we're now heading into, we're still talking about  this when the sun comes up.
  Are you able to upload the beginning part of it?  Uh, at a certain point on a switch to the feed, I'll switch the feed live.
  Yes.
  Really?  Yeah.
  And then live 12 hour.
  Right.
  I think the studio 60 where they had to bud in to address the stolen joke.
  And then again, for the feed in Australia or whatever, it's like the studio 60 episode.
  Yeah.
  God, it could be our big clock.
  The big clock.
  It's ticking down, so we better hurry.
  And we better hurry and get everybody's screaming and asking for a wonder grand gallery.
  Let's get to it.
  Okay.
  Jason, let's just hear, let's hear Gil, go ahead and get them out.
  Get all of your wonder grand gallery thoughts out.
  Jesus.
  It's an art gallery where they sell Disney art, right?  Yeah.
  But kind of along the lines of for a younger crowd.
  Yeah.
  It's sort of like the Etsy deviant art sort of like design influence.
  That's what it is.
  And that's what makes it so confusing that we're going to talk about it for 25 more minutes.
  But you'd think maybe we could just get through it.
  But you know, we do have to talk about.
  Have any of you bought anything from there?  I bought, I think so.
  I think I bought a print.
  I know about Christmas gifts and stuff there because they they when they pick like a design,  they usually put on a print and a postcard and mugs and stuff like this design.
  I clocked walking in, which I call Mickey and his items.
  So it's Mickey Mouse.
  It's a cute Mickey Mouse.
  And some of the stuff is stuff Mickey has like hats he wears.
  And some of it is classic merchandise.
  Mickey has appeared on and you can get that as a print or you can get it as a little mug  as a cup.
  Mickey and his objects.
  Cool mug.
  He and his items.
  Yeah.
  Great.
  I feel like I have gotten something here, but I can't remember what it was.
  Well, you didn't get this here, but I did notice it there that the this the Funko Pop  of the Matterhorn car with the snowman in the car, which is now on display in your ever  growing Pop merch collection.
  And this is where I got you the Splash Mountain Funkos, which are up there too, because I  texted you that, hey, someone on Twitter said these are in stock.
  I'm a California adventurer.
  Should I go?  And he's like, go get me one.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Well, I mean, the vehicle pops.
  I don't want to get off on a thing.
  A rant here is Dennis Miller might say you never.
  I don't want to play a game of billiards using the earth as Dennis Miller might say, but  the fungal pops of the vehicles.
  I'm way into the vehicle for whatever reason makes the pops better.
  Like I the normal inherent pop fan.
  But don't you think that the vehicle ones are better than sort of the normal ones?  And you know what?  I've been looking at that Splash Mountain one.
  I don't even know that I could have told you that was a Funko.
  I love a because it is its own toy.
  That's what I think.
  So like I got like the Madame Liotta I have, which is a different thing.
  But the Funkos in general, if it's just like the cast of supernatural boring, it's just  the same flat Funko face.
  But like these force the designers to actually create something new.
  So like that's I think like that's the difference.
  So that's why I like these better than the average.
  Of course, I would have normally bought the supernatural toys if they looked better.
  Ending after 16 seasons.
  You love those brothers.
  Because I love all 16 seasons of supernatural on the CW network.
  No one knows what I'm talking about.
  I don't know.
  I didn't know that was that one.
  You really watched all 16 seasons?  Have I rewatched them?  Have you watched them all?  Oh, for the purposes of the bit, yes.
  Do you actually like this?  I don't know.
  No, I don't.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  It's hard to tell what's a good show or not.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I have no idea except for there's only one truth in this world and it's Mr.
 Boogity.
  And right now as we're looping it because it's on TV in front of us, the dad who's a  gag gift seller is holding a mummy, a flaccid mummy body.
  Really kind of whole family of pranksters according to the description.
  You think they shot this in one day?  This movie?  I think so because I was pointing out that Mr.
 Boogity doesn't move from his spot.
  He stands on his mark and they kind of move around him.
  Is it all in the house?  I think so.
  It's one of those classic, just one night in a house kind of tales.
  There's one scene where they're like on the way to the house.
  Oh, now the piano is playing.
  Now the piano is playing itself.
  And the mummy that was just a toy or something, a dummy is now kind of like, you should really  be watching Mr.
 Boogity along with listening to this episode.
  And to keep the Boogity challenge alive, there's disembodied hands clapping.
  That's cool.
  To keep the Boogity challenge alive, just be playing it in your house all the time.
  I was going to say, could you go back and edit into when it restarted and put in one  of you guys saying, okay, start your Boogity's now.
  Yeah, we could.
  Yeah.
  And then they'll be in Boogity sync with us.
  Can you check time code, Mike?  Yeah.
  So this episode will serve as like a casual Mr.
 Boogity commentary, but we obviously will  do a real one as well.
  Yeah.
  We're at 26, 27.
  All right.
  I'm going to restart it now at 26, 27.
  Mr.
 Boogity Disney Plus on three and then it'll be on the three I will start it.
  So one, two, three, I'll start.
  It should be one, two, Boogity, Boogity, boo.
  Okay.
  But am I going to Boogity, Boogity, and then I start it right as we say boo or after the  boo?  On boo.
  On boo.
  Okay.
  One, two, Boogity, Boogity, boo, start.
  Boo is start.
  26, 27.
  26, 27.
  You should, there's the two actresses and one is yelling.
  Right.
  Okay.
  All right.
  One, two, Boogity, Boogity, boo.
  Oh, I hit it, but it didn't work.
  Yeah, you didn't know the other thing.
  Oh, shit.
  Well, that's, oh God.
  This is what happens when we drink beers when we record.
  We need more beer too, actually.
  I'm out of my beer.
  Yeah.
  So.
  Yeah, I'll do a haze.
  I'll do whatever's in there.
  We put four on ice.
  They're probably all still cold.
  If they're all still cold, it's fine.
  So.
  Wait, I'll try the Pecan.
  There's a lot of different artists.
  It's like Jason's our server at Ralph Brennan's Jazz Good.
  A lot of different artists have their work displayed at the Wonder Ground Gallery.
  Shag is like a big one.
  A lot of Shag.
  A lot of Shag influence.
  A lot of like, it's very retro-y and like he'll do like T-Bird stuff and I like some  of that.
  They had the print on demand kiosk where you can get attraction posters, but there was  no vintage ones.
  It was all like new design.
  Really?  Because I've seen it where they were vintage on those.
  Yeah.
  I've seen those clues before.
  I like those.
  I like the kiosks.
  Those are good because you can have a real nice option, a lot of options.
  And they show up at your house.
  So there's an artist that Jason and I are very familiar, Jason Sheridan and I are very  familiar with named J.
 Scott Campbell.
  And he drew comics, comics that we read growing up, famously Gen 13 and a comic called Danger  Girl.
  And there were both comics where he would draw, look it was the 90s.
  It was the 90s.
  And he would draw very like sexy girls and like these images imprinted on my brain at  the time.
  It's your first J.
O.
  Yeah, we got it.
  Not first.
  Oh my God.
  Oh my God.
  No, I mean, I don't, did anyone jerked off to a cartoon character?  Yeah, sure.
  Yeah, sure.
  But of course.
  It's weird that you were doing, it's the ones we're talking about right now.
  Things really problem.
  I mean, when you're that age.
  We have one raspberry beer.
  Look what happens.
  A single beer.
  And I'm ready to let it all out.
  Let's get a list of every cartoon character.
  So here's my point.
  My point is they have like picked like he draws the Disney princesses.
  I'll do my list first.
  One Mr.
 Boogity.
  Okay, there you go.
  Sorry, go ahead.
  So he like there's a lot of different prints of him like drawing the Disney princesses.
  So it's like Snow White and the Evil Queen.
  And I'm like, that's kind of weird because he has drawn a line of much more pornographic  versions.
  We're looking at a very sultry Snow White.
  These are not officially licensed.
  No, they don't sell them at the Wonder Ground Gallery.
  But I'm looking at his.
  They sold some body ones.
  There are a couple that like kind of are on the line of like body.
  But I think it's funny that like.
  They could be for body.
  You can go in there and you get like a PG version of it and then you go on his website  and you can get the PG 13 to our version of it as well.
  So he's probably got like two versions of every sketch.
  He's got like the dirty version and the less dirty version anyway.
  So wait, wait.
  So what did he do?  What's at the gallery you can buy that you made?  So he was an artist in residence for a while and they had a line of like.
  Yeah, like stuff like this and like, you know, perfectly fine.
  I mean, there's some other ones.
  There's ones where the cat's naked.
  Yeah, the cat's dick is out.
  It's your cat.
  Striped penis.
  It's in the shape of a smile.
  Yeah, nothing else.
  The rest disappeared.
  But it's weird to me.
  I don't know.
  I don't know if Shag has like dirty pictures on his, you know, on his other website.
  Like I'm just saying, I think I find it funny that like you can get the like Disney version  of the fairy tales and then you can get like the dirtier version of the fairy tales from  this one artist who specialized in just like making 13 year old boys by his comics because  of the way he was drawing women.
  Boy, you get to buy those at the under wonder ground gallery.
  Yes.
  The under.
  You sneak through the there's an alley in the back.
  Yes.
  The seedy wonder belly.
  That's before the metal detectors.
  Oh, yeah.
  There's that one store.
  The rinse.
  Sorry.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, spoilers.
  Sorry.
  We're going to talk about a store outside of the metal detector.
  Yeah, we can't.
  That's yeah.
  I'll cut it out.
  Sorry.
  I cut that out.
  So they've got the they've got the like little to the blind box toys in there.
  They've got a variety of things.
  They of course have still after years.
  Hipster Mickey and evergreen Disney thing.
  Yeah.
  Mickey wearing glasses, drinking a coffee, that fucking hipster wearing a scarf and a  jacket.
  It's unacceptable.
  Like us.
  Gross.
  Yeah.
  You know what?  You're right that those basic acts don't make you hateful.
  But I don't think that what I think about Hipster Mickey is that he is not present.
  He is looking down.
  He's looking down at his phone.
  I mean, as opposed to regular Mickey, who is the most present, he's welcoming you.
  He's excited to be in the fireworks show or the parade or to be, you know, playing turkey  in the straw in a barnyard jamboree.
  So I don't like I don't like the idea of a disaffected Mickey.
  Well, yeah, he should be taking that phone to the den.
  We all know that.
  Taking that smartphone into the den.
  Yes.
  If you need.
  Yes.
  If you need to make a telephone call, use the den.
  Mickey, remember your own words.
  God, Hipster Mickey.
  He's probably just out of his mind on CBD.
  Jewel in like the keeper.
  Oh, yeah.
  Fucker.
  You know, there is a elsewhere in the I swear I'm not jumping ahead, but if we were jumping  ahead, I would anyone complain in Disney Home.
  There is a hipster.
  Whoa, whoa, whoa.
  I'm done.
  I'm done with mine.
  You're giving me permission to move on.
  Sure.
  I'm taking it.
  Disney Home.
  Yes, we got it.
  Let's go.
  Disney.
  Oh, my God.
  Jason, I can hug you.
  There weren't microphones blocking us.
  OK, so there is there was some there was a mug or something I saw or maybe it was on  like a bag of coffee or something.
  I saw it.
  It must be coffee.
  There's a hip there.
  I saw Hipster Mickey merch, but this Hipster Mickey is different.
  In this Hipster Mickey, you knew he was a hipster because he was wearing a retro Epcot shirt.
  Oh, I didn't see that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Why?  And I was like, this is weird.
  It is like there's fun.
  There is a like version of Mickey that reflects me.
  He's conveying hipsterism via love and coffee and vintage Epcot vibe.
  I was like amazed they were like that keenly aware of what I would want.
  It's like the algorithm was speaking to me within the Disney Home store.
  Wow.
  If only there was a hipster Mickey in the shape of the Mickey Star Trader sign.
  Oh, my God.
  There was a that's the thing I forgot.
  Let's not use this as a ticket to go back to Wonder Grand Gallery.
  I think we're already back.
  No, no, no.
  OK, there was a there was a painting of Hipster Mickey and the abstract background.
  I didn't even notice it until I was going through my pictures later.
  The the kind of muted background is tumbling neon Mickey from Tomorrowland.
  So there are hip items that represent my favorite Disney imagery.
  The algorithm put that background in after it saw he's going back looking at it.
  Well, they're trying to show that they're the boss of me.
  Like you can boogity challenge all day, but we know what you want.
  Yeah.
  Don't go thinking you have control, Gardner.
  There will be probably within five to 10 years, some sort of a kiosk you walk up to.
  It reads your mind and it creates your perfect Mickey, like whatever you like your dream  Mickey is.
  Your dream Mickey is dressed as Mr.
 Boogity.
  The famous cape.
  But he is undefeatable.
  Yeah.
  What's so Disney home is like there's like mugs and.
  So this used to be D Street.
  We would go in a lot because that's where you'd get the vinylmations and like distressed,  like softer, nicer looking shirts.
  And then they kind of went, this will make more money if we make it home goods.
  And I think they were right.
  I'm not sure.
  I haven't seen the books.
  I'm not sure if they are making more money.
  Maybe.
  Well, I was saying the price of stuff, the stuff that retails at a higher price point  than like.
  Yeah.
  There's a lot of just a lot of stuff.
  D Street at least had different types of merchandise you wouldn't find in the park, but like so  much of the merchandise, the same stuff.
  And it's just mugs.
  It's like all the mugs they have in world of Disney and the park.
  There are a lot of Christmas ornaments.
  A lot of Christmas stuff out there.
  Things for dogs.
  There's a dog stuff.
  Yeah.
  But those are, that's in the parks too.
  There's a little Hanukkah section.
  I don't know if you saw that.
  There's a nice.
  I kept it real little.
  There was like a dreidel.
  You could go through several doors.
  That's also in the underbelly.
  Can I see the Jewish things please?  Yeah, this way.
  Did the dreidel have any sort of Disney branding on it?  Yeah, it had Mickey and I should have taken a picture.
  Yeah, it had, you know, Mickey and the gang.
  Oh, that's fun.
  They had a, there was like a tray with a picture of a menorah.
  They, you know, kind of a cursory.
  So they were just putting the regular.
  Enough to make Walt spin his grave.
  In my land.
  How dare you.
  We actually, well, you know, a friend and a listener, Dave Soldinger was, was talking  about how he was texting me about out there.
  There are no primary Disney characters who he feels are definitively Jewish.
  I was honestly just thinking, are there any Disney characters who are Jewish in my head?  And I, like I'm thinking.
  Technically Disney owns Krusty the Clown now.
  That's true.
  Is that why they bought Fox in general?  To diversify?  Hmm.
  Yeah, I mean, obviously Mickey's a Christian.
  Of course.
  I mean, Mickey is the Christ figure.
  Yeah.
  He dies for our sins in phantasmag.
  Goofy.
  Goofy Christian as well, I think.
  Maybe he doesn't practice.
  On all the primaries.
  Uh, Donald Christian, uh, scuttle.
  I would say anything.
  Flint Heart Glomgold is a Scottish Jew.
  Is a money yamming.
  Flint Heart Glomgold, the villain in DuckTales.
  Oh, you don't know Flint Heart Glomgold?  I do not.
  I do not.
  He's got the big kilts.
  Oh, uh, let's see.
  Yeah.
  So I found, yeah, there's a Jewish character in the Three Little Pigs, the Disney cartoon.
  Oh no.
  Oh no.
  I don't want to see this joke.
  You pulled up an article called Bippity Boppity Bigot.
  Jesus.
  That's real.
  Yikes.
  This won't be on Disney Plus.
  Yeah, that cultural depictions warning isn't going to get him out of this one.
  Let's just take a look at this.
  Oh my God.
  Don't take a raspberry beer sip before you look at this.
  This is ten times worse than I thought it would be.
  Yeah, I thought that was, I was, oh, like we'll have to read into this.
  No we didn't.
  Google image Disney Jewish cartoon.
  And wonderful things are found.
  Yeah.
  I'm pretty sure that's real.
  That is real.
  Okay.
  But that's, you know, that's fine.
  As a member, that's how we look.
  One of the chosen people.
  You're giving them a pass for.
  I'm giving it a thumbs up.
  Okay.
  I love this character.
  Great character.
  I get it.
  You feel seen.
  Yeah.
  Are you working on a pitch?  Are you working on a Disney Plus pitch for this?  It's called Glomgold.
  Yeah.
  No, it's good to feel represented.
  Again Google Disney Jewish cartoon.
  You'll see what I'm talking about.
  Good morning advisory warning to this Google.
  And that's Disney Home.
  And that's pretty much anything you need to know about Disney Home is that.
  Good for holiday gifts.
  Yeah.
  What's up, Joe?  Good for stocking suffers.
  Are you advertising for them?  Sure.
  Yeah.
  You can get oven mitts.
  You can get spatulas.
  So yeah.
  Someone was listening to somebody who like works at Disney Home or was like the guy who  had the idea for the brand is like, oh, I'm going to listen to what these nice boys say  about me.
  And like, oh no, a chunk of Disney's anti-Semitism.
  I also don't for the record necessarily think he was like more anti-Semitic than anyone  else back then or now.
  There was one, I mean, there's one incident I read about what he did, like a Jewish voice.
  Like when people were in animators were leaving to go to like Fleischer or something, he's  like did some like, oh, you're going to go through those Jews like made something like  and that someone told it's like, OK, who wasn't doing that?  But I don't know.
  I think it's like it's fine.
  I love this stuff.
  They don't make the statue come to life and say that they don't.
  Yeah.
  The partner statue doesn't quote that.
  So anyway, I think I think it's fine.
  Well, I feel fine because we are now lined up to the bar where Boogity has arrived.
  He was the only it was the only studio to host Lenny Reef.
  Yes, that is true.
  He was trying to collaborate.
  They left that out of the Mary Poppins, Tom Hanks movie.
  I got another meeting to go to.
  Well, this is Reef install.
  This other lady ain't giving me the rights as easy as you.
  Well, well, well, Mr.
 Reef install.
  That's how he sounds in the movie.
  I'm Walt Disney.
  I bet the boys at the studio you wouldn't get on a ride.
  I just won 20 bucks.
  I just rewatched that.
  So that was one of my random.
  Maybe you guys had like a random flip through on Disney Plus or you didn't watch the full  movie or just like I want to watch this one.
  Yeah, I've seen mostly that.
  OK, I mostly do a good one.
  Like an indicative.
  Like here's what I wanted to see.
  I watched a lot of openings.
  I watched Why Should I Worry Oliver and Company?  I did too.
  And I watched Once Upon a Time in New York City.
  Yeah, once upon a time in New York City.
  Very good.
  Very sad sequence.
  But then the Dodger man, he is still such a cool dog.
  I still am so impressed with him.
  The Dodger man, the artful Dodger, the dog, the dog.
  Oh, yeah.
  Billy Joel.
  The Billy Joel.
  I know.
  I know.
  But you said the man and I was like, what?  Did I say that?  Maybe the Dodger man.
  And be what I look at.
  I'm called a dog.
  I've had a beer and a half.
  I'm out of control.
  I know you're like that.
  Hey, he's getting to your head.
  Yeah.
  The Chip and Dale.
  It doesn't have a witch doctor on it.
  It's the beer that you're drinking.
  Chip and Dale does not have the original recorded theme.
  The Regressi Rangers doesn't?  It's like a re-recorded version.
  What?  It sucks.
  Oh, no.
  DuckTales, same thing.
  Chip and Dale, though, is also blown up aspect ratio-wise.
  No, they didn't kill them or something.
  They didn't blow them up.
  Was that what you were reacting to?  No, just that no one's really talking about that.
  Look, there's a lot of things that I want to blow the lid off right now.
  What happened is Scooter Braun owns that.
  Scooter Braun.
  Scooter Braun and the Carlisle group technically owned the Chip and Dale.
  The original recording.
  Or was the master destroyed at the Universal Fire?  They don't know it was destroyed, but they technically own it.
  They don't know it doesn't exist anymore.
  We will never get true remasters of the Chip and Dale's theme.
  Those instrument lines of tailspin we'll never hear again, thanks to that fire.
  That sucks.
  Giles Martin will never go in and remix the Disney Afternoon songs for some sort of Cirque  de Soleil show.
  That'll never happen.
  They'll never add a ghostly John Lennon demo to the theme for Gummy Bears.
  Sucks.
  But Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers is blown up and looks like it was remastered.
  And DuckTales is not blown up.
  It's in the regular aspect ratio, but it looks like shit.
  So I'm not sure how this got determined.
  What was presented in which way?  Or in what way?  Maybe do what?  Because just no one was paying attention.
  Maybe no one cared.
  My guess with the Simpsons was they just shuttled over from one server to the other the FX ones.
  But I thought, didn't FX put the ones add in 4-3?  Or didn't they?  They did and we're hoping.
  Did they?  I don't know.
  I thought it was available to everyone.
  I think they did make both available, so hopefully Disney will do that and hopefully they will  release the Snyder cut of the Simpsons.
  Of every episode of the Simpsons.
  Jason, any Disney Plus wanderings?  Have you had a sec?  No, I just started last night.
  I haven't gone deep.
  Oh man.
  It's the best part of being alive.
  You can miss it out.
  It seems like they just haven't put up anything that actual people who are into Disneyland  and stuff would care about, besides the Imagineering show.
  There's one other one.
  You said the Disney Parks content is low.
  There's one other one.
  It's like Disneyland through the seasons, I think.
  But all this kind of borings out.
  That one's on YouTube.
  Like a lot of things have been on YouTube.
  That's the thing.
  The after is and has always been on YouTube.
  Yeah.
  I mean, we want a full remastered Bob Hope doing jokes in the Contemporary at the opening  of Walt Disney World.
  That's what we want.
  And really, all the weird stuff you guys have talked about.
  That was at Pinocchio live action.
  All these crazy things that are on YouTube.
  Oh, that's Avery Schreiber today.
  Yeah.
  That's a weird Christmas song.
  Like that's the stuff.
  That wouldn't be hard for them to upload.
  It's not like they're holding onto that.
  They're going to make some big announcement that they're releasing the Avery Schreiber.
  Joining the family.
  I think they just don't give a shit.
  But yeah, they have so much stuff that would actually be interesting.
  But look, it's not filmstruck.
  I mean, it's not for us.
  That's a good idea, though.
  The criterion.
  Wow.
  They have to be exploring.
  The Disney Artisan collection.
  There's like other.
  I think there is a demand for that.
  I mean, obviously.
  Yeah.
  We're making the demand right here and now.
  But it's like there's other streaming services.
  And honestly, when I say others, I may be talking about the WWE network where there  are rumors they're going to float an extra $5 tier if you want to go hard, which is like  you want to go deep in the catalog or you want them to bust out really obscure VHS uploaded  house shows.
  Do you really want to trip?  Yeah.
  How hard do you want to go?  Exactly.
  And it'll be like five more dollars.
  And maybe Disney will eventually get there where we're all paying.
  I mean, it's true to see the DVD like Disney Digital or to see the Plano Vista home entertainment.
  Like, yes, the rules, all of the in hotel channel loops.
  Yeah.
  Like we would pay money for that.
  But we I we can see all that now.
  Right.
  We dare you say, do we want nicer quality?  We want nicer quality.
  But maybe there are a couple missing.
  We don't know.
  They have the full library.
  Hopefully.
  And you should my my demand is if there is this like a separate section for people who  want to go hard, they should be you should say you want to.
  And then Mr.
 Boogity greets you.
  So you want more Disney Plus, do you?  You shame you.
  Boogity, boogity badly.
  This is Green Goblin, obviously.
  But that's the same we've heard seen.
  Boogity, boogity boo.
  They own him now, too.
  What about?  Yeah, they do own the green.
  Oh, no, no.
  They own the green.
  Kind of.
  Oh, in media.
  Yeah.
  And like movies and stuff.
  Sure.
  TV.
  Yeah, I hope they put that stuff out there.
  That would be great.
  Please.
  Yeah, please do.
  And they don't own the travel channel stuff either for years and years.
  Like the making of stuff was just outsourced.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The travel.
  You mean like behind the scenes behind the scenes sort of special?  Yeah, I see.
  Mike, could you go ahead and cue up Mr.
 Boogity again?  Yeah, sorry.
  We're now staring at the screen for Phantom of the Megaplex, which I've been meaning to  get to.
  It's 45 minutes long.
  Oh, I didn't realize it was so short.
  I accidentally put on the Megaplex.
  Oh, there we go.
  I know.
  I think I've sat through five full viewings of Mr.
 Boogity in the last 48 hours.
  I'm really doing it.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Deep in the middle of a Daily Podcast.
  Get that Mandalorian out of here.
  I don't want to see modern Dumbo.
  I want to see sad.
  That fucking.
  I don't ever want to see that mask again.
  That's Biden.
  Go find the one we like.
  Go find Warren.
  Obviously, Boogity is our favorite Warren.
  It is already the second hit that comes up for Mr.
 Say, Mr.
 Banks is the first.
  We got a top.
  OK, maybe that's a tangible goal.
  Yeah, that's the first thing we can do.
  That's the first goal.
  The second goal would be if you put in the letter M, Mr.
 Boogity is the first suggestion.
  All right.
  Mickey Mouse.
  All right, here we go.
  One, two, one, two, Boogity, Boogity, boo, I will hit play.
  Everyone is a fresh start.
  And will we be done with the episode by the end of this viewing?  But let's see.
  We've got at least two Boogity's left.
  One.
  OK, one, two, Boogity, Boogity, boo.
  All right.
  There we are.
  Oh, it honestly made me so happy to see something of this shitty VHS quality, like something  so broadcast in four by three on the otherwise, you know, very glossy Disney plus.
  Yeah, I do.
  I do like this.
  90 percent of the material you watch is in this.
  Yes, this is yellow.
  Absolutely.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Scott's favorite aspect ratio.
  This is the nicest quality I've seen in months.
  It's not taped off of VCR.
  I worked on a clip show that was narrated by David Faustino and it never aired in the  United States.
  What was it called?  Sports a Palooza.
  David Faustino would narrate it.
  What didn't make sense in other countries because they call football different things.
  Actually, now that I'm thinking about it, I think that it was called Sports a Palooza  in like North America, like in Canada.
  And then they change it to World a Palooza for overseas sales.
  World?  Yeah, we didn't know what that meant either.
  World a Palooza.
  But it was all about sports?  Yeah, I think.
  I can't remember.
  I mean, I could have said this already, but obviously that is not the most number one  quality product that David Faustino ever appeared in.
  I think we know what that is.
  So let's keep moving to Ralph Brennan's Jazz Kitchen, y'all.
  This is the reason you picked this when we gave you, Jason, the stage list.
  I think you had an odd intrigue with this place as we always have and we have not really  sat down and eaten at this place before.
  I got to say, in terms of things to goof on, very disappointing.
  Yes.
  No kidding.
  Because it was very good.
  It was great.
  Like Mr.
 Booty, it makes me very happy.
  A real McClunky of a meal.
  A Downtown Disney original has been there since it opened.
  Yeah.
  A hit.
  And I think it is still there because it's very good.
  What a shocker.
  I always thought it was going to be this cornball thing.
  I think the name Jazz Kitchen.
  They didn't even serve cornballs.
  They should have.
  They should and could.
  They probably do them right.
  I don't know.
  I always thought it was probably stupid.
  I feel like I passed by it and made fun of it.
  Why?  Definitely.
  Well, you made fun of it because of the statues outside.
  There's two New Orleans themed statues that look pretty ridiculous.
  There's things to goof on there.
  One is a guy playing a trumpet and he is wearing a sailor hat that says Jazz on it and the  J is a saxophone.
  Yeah.
  Now, I would very much like that hat.
  Maybe I'm not goofing on it.
  I think I'd like it and want a J for Jazz saxophone hat.
  It's a problem.
  For years, I think I've tried to get Jason to wear the captain's hat.
  But Scott is a yacht rock enthusiast.
  It does feel like you would have some sort of captain's hat that you would wear on a  special occasion.
  Yeah.
  I would do it like.
.
.
  Because you go to a Christopher Cross or a Hall and Oates kind of concert and people  are wearing the hat.
  That's a little silly to me.
  Well, but that's like wearing the band t-shirt to the band they're singing.
  That's a faux pas.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And it's about the spirit, not wearing a literal.
  I'm very picky with my.
.
.
  But I would like to.
.
.
  Yeah.
  In some venue, I think I'd wear a captain's hat.
  But if you wore a captain's hat to a Rolling Stones concert, that's fine because that's  not associated with the audience.
  Sure.
  But I think you're showing your sort of coolness in a different venue.
  There's no cooler thing I could do in a cooler place.
  I mean, I'll wear a visor everywhere.
  So obviously, I'm extremely cool.
  Both statues look vaguely psychotic.
  The other one's a chef holding a spoon and a whisker.
  Is that what it's called?  Whisk?  Whisk?  Whisk?  And he has a pot at his crotch with an alligator coming out of it that he's not holding but  is suspended against him, like as Scott pointed out.
  A very dick in a box syndrome.
  And a crawdad, right?  Is it a crawdad?  And a crawdad.
  And a turtle, maybe?  And a fish.
  A fish, an alligator, and a crawdad coming out.
  And he looks crazy.
  So it looks like a restaurant that would just be bad.
  Yeah.
  It's pretty silly where the man beckoning you in is holding up a pot of stew with his  penis.
  But in fact, you go in and it's a wonderful meal.
  I knew that the Brennan's ran a lot of restaurants in New Orleans.
  And we learned that Brennan was involved in the creation of Bananas Foster.
  Bananas Foster was first invented at the original Brennan's.
  Brennan's a restaurant in New Orleans.
  Yes.
  I think it was, I always get confused if it's Ralph's father or uncle.
  Uncle.
  Uncle, okay.
  Because Richard Brennan was also.
  Father's part of the business but uncle ran the restaurant?  Yes.
  They're all restaurateurs.
  He's like third generation restaurateur.
  And the aunt is who figured out Bananas Foster.
  By setting a banana on fire.
  Yes.
  Or they're a chef?  By grabbing what was around.
  Yeah.
  And it was, yeah maybe somebody else was involved but the aunt is attributed to as well.
  And it's some story where there's a man named, I might be getting the first name wrong, maybe  Robert Foster.
  It's somebody named Foster.
  His first name was Bananas.
  We gotta make Bananas here.
  Good dish.
  And she like whipped something together really, felt like kind of begrudgingly like, what  have we gotten through it together.
  And it was amazingly a great dessert out of the gate.
  Foster, this guy they were honoring was the head of the New Orleans Crime Commission.
  He like cracked down on corruption in the city.
  I'm a little nervous about what the, I couldn't find more specific stories but it made me  a little worried about what Foster was into.
  No I'm sure everything was fine.
  I'm sure everything was above board.
  Probably okay.
  So there was a big New Orleans banana trade at the time that this dessert was in.
  So that's why there were so many bananas around.
  And thank God it wasn't the Brennan's but there was another guy, one of their competitors  who was such a huge banana trader that he meddled, in order to keep the bananas coming,  he meddled in the Honduran presidential election of 1912 and like had his guy installed so  that everything would be on the up and up banana wise for him.
  And the phrase banana republic refers to things exactly like this.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Yes.
  Politics being organized to align with Americans banana interests.
  But the Brennan's, I couldn't, I think what I, because you were efficient too, Jason.
  I think you Googled.
  I got nothing.
  I Googled Ralph Brennan accused.
  He's usually pretty, pretty juicy.
  Nothing.
  This guy's got a spick and span record.
  Clean as a whistle.
  Yeah.
  He used to work for PricewaterhouseCoopers.
  Yeah.
  He was an accountant.
  Yeah.
  And then joined the family business.
  It seems like he was a good businessman and he had a family name and, you know, made some  deals.
  Yeah.
  I think, I think this guy is squeaky clean.
  You know what?  I might say a little suspiciously too squeaky clean.
  It makes me a little worried, but I'll leave that thought aside.
  Okay.
  Sure.
  But yes, I, let me ask this.
  Does anyone have a direct answer for this?  In the years you've been passing by this place, have you had a mental image or any thought  as to what Ralph, who Ralph Brennan was?  I thought he was a crazy jazz playing chef.
  Like while he's cooking.
  Yeah.
  He's also like, you know, like banging on percussion.
  Yeah.
  Hanging on pots and pans.
  I thought he was like a stern Southern California businessman.
  Like I never actually associated with like New Orleans with him.
  I don't know why.
  I think I thought he was like 700 pounds.
  We all had vastly different ideas.
  Jason, what'd you think?  He was a raccoon?  You're thinking like a Paul Prudhomme, who was sort of in the orbit of the Brennan family.
  Yes, floppy hat.
  Yeah.
  Emeril Lagasse also a couple degrees removed.
  Yeah.
  I think I maybe I thought it was akin to the, you know, neighbor of this restaurant, House  of Blues, an acroid with his sort of like, you know, weird, like cultural, what do you  call it?  He's like appropriation.
  Yes.
  Kind of like taking the like sort of, you know, corny way, taking this culture and let's  make it a theme for a restaurant.
  And then instead you get in there and it's very charming and it like genuine.
  I think I also assumed that a weird little fake New Orleans outside of Disney and outside  of New Orleans square would be inferior and like a much stupider version of that and not  at all.
  It's wonderful and very charming and like really wonderfully art directed in there.
  We asked the waitress if Ralph ever comes by.
  She told us he was just here last week.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  And yet though we were saying maybe I'm just like fishing for flaws in this.
  Oh, it was too perfect.
  I don't know.
  We were saying that maybe is that like the standup thing or whenever you see a standup,  they have, they are telling you a story that just happened to them that day.
  Yeah, I think it is because I was at a bourbon steak, uh, which is another restaurant owned  by like one of these like multi restaurant owning guys.
  Uh, Michael Mina and I was like, is Michael ever come in?  And also told he was just here last week.
  And then when you ask, Oh, what's their favorite thing to get, they say, Oh, he, uh, he mixes  it up.
  He likes a lot of different things.
  She said the burger though, the burger or the jambalaya pasta.
  She did do a twist on jambalaya here.
  Uh, but we will look when we, we do downtown Disney or deal revisited in six months, uh,  we will, uh, we will ask again and see if that's the same story.
  If you went for a long time, if you went into any Wendy's and asked, does Dave Thomas ever  come by?  I would say he was here last week.
  I bet you could still catch a couple of them.
  They would just be in the train, like train to say it.
  So if you walk in, you go, Oh, is Dave Thompson?  Oh yeah.
  Ah, shit.
  I think anyone who works at a Wendy's knows who Dave Thomas is.
  Yes.
  Or thinks that Wendy was ever a real person.
  She was.
  They were all born.
  Well, I, well, we know that.
  Yeah.
  But I would say you're saying that died with Dave.
  I was saying that anyone who's working on Wendy's and I was probably born after, uh,  both of them were dead.
  I think Wendy is still alive.
  I like to ask at airport Wolfgang Puck express locations, what is a Wolfgang like?  Well because of the one at CityWalk, he was represented by a cartoon wolf, right?  That was, uh, probably what most of the employees thought he was.
  Oh, that, yeah.
  Oh, and if you, yeah, does he ever come in here?  There's a cartoon character named Wolfgang Puck.
  Does he ever come in here?  No, thank God.
  Chew our heads off.
  We could tear this place up.
  They'd blow this house down.
  Are you kidding?  No, heavens no.
  Who's asking?  There was a, a piano man.
  Yes.
  A piano player.
  Very good.
  The atmosphere in there was so fun.
  Oh my God.
  I really was like, here's what-  I miss it so much.
  We had a wonderful time.
  Here's what I'm gonna say.
  I'm embarrassed.
  I've been hundreds of times.
  I'm embarrassed that I've never been in there because there was a nice bar.
  There was a piano man playing all the times we've been there.
  Not once have I stepped foot in there and know, cause like we really fancy ourselves  experts here, but like to not know about the main drag of downtown Disney, it's shameful  honestly.
  I also love this style of cooking gumbo and jambalaya.
  Like I love eating this way.
  Well then why didn't you go?  It was not a bad version of it.
  No it wasn't.
  The gumbo yaya was delicious.
  The express though, Jason or the gumbo yaya?  You gotta, I mean, this gumbo yaya, their presentation had no okra in it, which I realized  later.
  It's not often prepared with okra.
  Okra is a standard gumbo?  Sometimes.
  Then I learned that a big ingredient in a lot of gumbo is called filet powder, which  is ground up sassafras leaves.
  Wow.
  Interesting.
  That's a thickening agent.
  Oh, like flour.
  Yeah, like flour.
  Interesting.
  Because you have to start gumbo by making a roux.
  Have you ever made a gumbo?  I've never made gumbo.
  I should though.
  Yeah, I think so.
  Yeah, that would be fun to do.
  Are you a fan of the Jimmy Buffett song?  I will play for gumbo.
  No, I am.
  Yeah.
  Hell yeah.
  Hell yeah.
  Speaking of songs, wait, didn't you, who recorded the, that happy birthday song?  Yeah, I did a little bit.
  I was trying to get the gist of it.
  He sang the birthday, he sang happy birthday to a couple of guys in the front, this piano  player and the rest.
  Was it Jeff and Josh?  I think you're right.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I just wrote, the only things I wrote down is like, we got two cool dudes here.
  Who's Griffin?  Who's very cool.
  I'm so happy for you guys.
  Yeah.
  And then at some point they know how to bale some hay.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  That probably means sex.
  He was referring to their girlfriends too.
  Yeah, probably filthy, whatever he was referring to.
  There was some reference to how they look 22.
  They look 22.
  Oh, I didn't catch that.
  I didn't want to hold the song against them because I was like, am I misunderstanding  this?  Do you guys remember?  He was not close enough to see what everyone looked like for this piano player to make  sense.
  So some of the jokes didn't land with us, I think.
  But he would often, like he had breaks and he would go like, all right, I'm going to  do one more song and everyone's like, and multiple times people were like, no.
  Oh, the whole, yeah, we were doing it.
  No, keep going.
  No.
  No.
  Stay.
  You're on the clock.
  He did a jazzy Billy Joel piano man.
  Yeah.
  New Orleans-y piano man.
  Does anyone have in their mind what that was like?  I know it was very, it was a knowledge.
  It was just a little bluesy or whatever.
  It rolled together a little more.
  It was less staccato, that's my feeling, if that makes sense.
  Sure.
  It was nice.
  I don't always like that song.
  I did like it.
  I liked that version.
  It was good.
  He was singing that happy birthday song, which made me really happy.
  He's talking about two cool dudes and he's, how happy he is for them.
  I'm so happy for you guys.
  And as that was happening, fireworks are going off.
  I think if you were up on that veranda on the second floor, you've got obviously a great  fireworks view.
  Yeah.
  But we were at a table just near a window, a fantastic fireworks view in the distance  from Disneyland.
  Just all of that coalescing, mixed of course with excellent food.
  Excellent food.
  Oh my God.
  Also, we should say that food came out so fast.
  Oh yeah.
  Everything came very quickly and it was very hot.
  Like it wasn't like.
.
.
  Yeah.
  I was suspicious of how fast it came out because I noticed from going to Ohana and Disney World  when Lindsay and I went like five or six years ago, we had the best time at Ohana, which  is the all you can eat family bring food to you buffet.
  And then we went back three years later and they were bringing stuff out so fast and it  was a little less good.
  It's a buffet where they bring food families.
  Yeah.
  They brought in hundreds of meat and different noodles and stuff.
  And it was like our favorite meal we ever had.
  And they won't stop until you're done?  They won't stop until you're done.
  It's good.
  Until a button bursts on you.
  Yeah.
  It's still good.
  It's in the Polynesian so you can watch fireworks from there too, which is fantastic.
  Did they give you a card with a red side and a green side?  Like a.
.
.
  No.
  It's just skewer people walking around and going, you want this?  Skewer people?  There's just a bunch of skewer people with like four different meats.
  Like made of skewers?  Yeah.
  They're anthropomorphic skewers.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They have giant eyes.
  Big spindly creatures.
  They look like Clippy from the Microsoft office.
  Can you tickle.
.
.
  Is there eyeball food?  Looks like you want some meat.
  Yeah.
  Looks like, yeah, click me for meat.
  Yeah.
  So, but we noticed like how fast they were rushing us out the second time.
  And I got that vibe from here.
  I was like, oh, they've like got the efficiency down.
  And I was like worried it wasn't going to be that good, but it was still like the food  quality wise.
  I didn't feel rushed though.
  They feel like we were at kind of a later reservation.
  Which is always, with that vibe of like the restaurant's trickling out, but it's not like  we're putting the chairs up, get out of here.
  That's the best thing.
  There's not that you aren't feeling the quick turnover and hanging out with y'all and firework.
  This was like, this was fantastic, I thought.
  And then we got another little show at the table when we ordered the famous Bananas Foster.
  It's Flamb table side.
  Delightful.
  Yeah.
  Which is maybe a seemingly, according to Ralph Brennan at least, is a, like, you know, maybe  a tradition with the Bananas Foster.
  Okay.
  They like to do that.
  So you're watching butter and brown sugar get mixed up and then, and bananas thrown  in the pan.
  Then it's finished off with rum, I believe.
  And at some point during that process, and she tells you, get those cameras out.
  And we all did.
  And she also tells you, the flames are going high.
  And you get nervous and the heart's beating.
  And sure enough, oh my God, those flames.
  That's like, I mean, I like any little table side thing.
  And I like the, you know, we're just in Epcot and I like the Benihana-esque restaurant that  you go to.
  This is probably the coolest table side thing I've ever seen.
  Yes.
  The ceiling high flames.
  Certainly up there.
  It was really, it was really a spectacle.
  She also told us to film it in slow motion.
  Yes.
  And you have the newest, that iPhone looks very good.
  I just got a new phone.
  I filmed it in slow motion.
  She was right.
  Yeah.
  Looks cool as hell.
  Do we all have an angle on it from our phones?  I did it head on at normal speed because I was trying to get, I think this is when Piano  Man was playing.
  I was trying to get the audio.
  But it was a little too conversational.
  I feel like Piano Man was not playing during the flames.
  Something was playing.
  Something funny was playing while she was doing this.
  There was some song that stuck out to me.
  But we also asked her, how many times a night do you do this?  And she didn't, she didn't make it sound like that many, but she said, but once someone  orders it, someone else will.
  Like it's like the fajita trick.
  It's like the Chili's fajita trick.
  But times 10, it is so cool.
  Like can you guys name a cooler table side thing?  I'm trying to think.
  Not a lot of people order it, but everyone who does makes one.
  Everyone who sees it makes their own table side dessert.
  Bites a table.
  Yeah.
  And some bananas.
  It was very good.
  Also very good.
  We ordered the like, order it when you order your food, chocolate souffle, like 25 minutes  to cook chocolate souffle.
  Delicious.
  I thought that was great.
  We also got the beignets.
  And beignets.
  We kind of tricked into the dark chocolate dipping sauce because that was already coming.
  That was coming with the souffle.
  Yeah.
  We didn't get through all of it nearly.
  We made an extra 75 minutes.
  Yeah, not by all the things, but that sauce was crazy good.
  Yeah.
  All of it.
  She recommended take beignets, put bananas foster inside of it, make a little sandwich.
  She was right on.
  That was fantastic.
  Does anyone want to shout out anything about main meal?  Oh yeah.
  The, the, um, the buden balls, the like pork rice balls with pepper jelly.
  Yeah.
  Were amazing.
  Like that was delicious.
  Maybe probably one of the best things I've eaten in this ordeal so far.
  For me, the whole thing tipped when I, you know, I mean, I found it charming from, from  second one, except when the hostess, uh, didn't understand my clunky.
  But besides that, once we sat down and we, and oh, like umbrellas on the ceiling, that's  fun.
  Like art direction school.
  Like we're in the room with the piano guy.
  That's cool.
  Uh, but is the, but I'm worried this food is going to be a sort of, sort of silly or  not that great.
  And then when that garlic bread came out, that tips, the whole thing, that let me know,  Oh, we're in, we're in for some quality.
  Um, I don't, I mean, I could list the ingredients, but they were just basic ingredients, but  it was just like the craziest richest and like, and not in a insane manner.
  Just like, God, this is very well done.
  I think I said another, but I think, well, no, I'm going to say it on a future.
  So there's a ceiling on good Disney restaurants.
  A lot of them, a couple of them, I think blow by it.
  And I was expecting that like ceiling where you're like, this is like good, but is it  worth $35?  Cause most of it is like, you're paying for like a slightly better restaurant.
  Like you're paying for the ambiance.
  Yeah.
  But I was like, Oh, this is actually pretty, this is like a bet, much better than the average  like expensive.
  Like it, that was like a full letter grade above blue Bayou.
  And I like blue Bayou fine.
  I don't think it's a good, like a, a good run, a good, nice restaurant.
  Why should be this good?  I don't like blue Bayou has to water it down for a more broad audience, but Brennan's is  more fine dining and it's going more for that segment.
  Yeah.
  I know you're saying, but what, what dad isn't going to like that garlic bread.
  Yeah.
  A bunch of, right about that.
  Yeah.
  For sure.
  I had barbecue shrimp and grits and it's just mashed potatoes and shrimp.
  It's like, it's great.
  I can't find shrimp to be very disappointing and bland.
  I loved the shrimp, which was crusted in sausage.
  It was so many things happening at once.
  And green beans with like pecan bacon crumbles.
  This has just turned into a genuine discussion of food.
  The gumbo was legitimately spice.
  I was like, this has some spice to it.
  Like nothing.
  This property is spicy.
  Right.
  Oh, wait, what happened to, what happened to Oh, boogity.
  I got to put boogity back in.
  Oh, we have to re queue it.
  Oh, re queue boogity.
  Okay.
  All right.
  Cornbread.
  That was good.
  Yes.
  All right.
  All right.
  2104 boogity on one, two, three, boogity, boogity, boo boo being the time when I started  one, two, three, boogity, boogity, boo.
  All right.
  We're off.
  John Astin's talking.
  He's got a great John Astin.
  Oh yeah.
  Great.
  Still alive.
  John Astin.
  He's been acting in like at a college in Minnesota or something.
  There's no way he's still alive.
  Oh, I swear to God.
  Yeah.
  He was on Gilbert Gottfried's podcast like a month or two ago.
  That's incredible.
  Yes.
  He's also what we learned.
  He's the writer of Mr.
 Boogity and Bride of Boogity.
  Same writer.
  And he is now a screenwriting professor at UCLA, I believe.
  So the boogity crew is giving back to the world.
  They are educators and they are training the next generation who could be the people making  Boogity 3.
  Well, I was going to suggest get the old crew back together.
  Oh, of course.
  But we need some new generation.
  You need like the Ray of Boogity, like the Star Wars character Ray of Boogity who can  take the franchise in the next few movies.
  It's true.
  The boy flying on the floating chimney equipment.
  All of it.
  The vacuum that came alive.
  All of it.
  This is the shop vac that killed Boogity.
  And if we can only hope it brings him back because we need him now.
  It's like how eventually the villain in Every Fast and the Furious joins the crew.
  Every time they beat someone in the next movie, it's like, well, we need them.
  Boogity created a problem only Boogity can solve.
  So what else do we like?  Everything was good.
  The only oh, the Dippin Tots were good.
  Dippin Tots.
  Dippin Tots.
  They did not serve Dippin Dots.
  They were not named after the Ice Cream of Future's past.
  The Crawfish Mashed Potatoes was they didn't stay super hot for very long and they were  a little thick, a little dry.
  But that is the smallest little criticism.
  Everything else was amazing.
  Well, I have a criticism too.
  As I said, I'm searching.
  I think just like, obviously this was so great, but suspiciously great.
  There was one bump in the road, which is that we were all supposed to do it a week prior  and then we went to get reservations and there were no reservations available.
  I was like, oh, why?  Because it's just the most popular restaurant you've ever.
  But there were reservations every other day.
  What happened was the whole thing was booked up by an event.
  It was like an alumni event.
  Oh, yeah, a big event being hosted by Harvey Mudd College, which is a liberal arts college  in Claremont.
  When I looked up Harvey Mudd College, they have a curriculum that is a core curriculum  that is described as soul crushing.
  On their website.
  Incredibly difficult.
  Yes.
  Want your soul crushed?  I'm Harvey Mudd.
  It's a very difficult liberal arts college and they booked it up for the night.
  I don't know.
  I feel like jazz is a people's music and this restaurant should be a restaurant of the people  and I don't like some snooty liberal arts college pushing us out.
  Yeah, I hear that.
  I did try to sign us up for the alumni dinner and filled out the form.
  I got as far as me and Scott's name and then I was like, what am I doing?  And then got an email from the woman coordinating it saying like, hey, you kind of banned your  form halfway through and we don't have you on any of the alumni rosters.
  She pointed out you didn't finish the form.
  Yeah, I guess she got.
  So she could see it in real time?  Yeah, I guess she's just sitting there looking at it as the letters come in and I did not  write back.
  So if she's listening, I'm sorry.
  It was all trick.
  You were part of our scheme.
  I did.
  Ultimate prank down in the mud messing around.
  Rasslin.
  I did want to.
  I was looking through Yelp and TripAdvisor reviews to try to find something.
  I did want to read my favorite review of this restaurant on TripAdvisor.
  The title is from Joanne B from Gardnerville, Nevada.
  The title of the review is quote, a very different experience.
  Exclamation point.
  We had never been to a Louisiana restaurant before and really enjoyed the different dishes  and the accompaniment of jazz music as we dined.
  Exclamation point.
  And that's it.
  One star.
  What?  What?  Maybe she didn't finish filling out the form either.
  She thought that was like.
  Did she think one is the best?  Golf rules?  Number one.
  Number one.
  One star.
  Yeah, she must not have understood it.
  Yeah, I don't think she got the system.
  Take a Yelp class lady.
  Go to Harvey Mudd.
  Learn how to Yelp.
  Harvey Mudd?  Who is Harvey Mudd?  Um, Alex, he seems like.
  The Batman villain's real name.
  Clayface.
  Mudface.
  Mudface.
  Or Mudd.
  Mudd is a, there's a Star Trek character.
  Oh, right.
  Is it something Mudd?  It's some.
  Is Harvey Mudd going to be the boss?  Oh my God.
  Are we getting to the end of it where we have to be boss concerned now?  Is he going to appear towards the end of the last few minutes of the episode like Mr.
 Boogity?  Is this a boss level?  It is.
  Yeah, we're in a boss state.
  Harry Mudd.
  Boy.
  What?  Harry Mudd is the character.
  Harry Mudd is the character on Star Trek.
  Wait, how did Boogity pause again?  What the hell?  Maybe Harvey Mudd is creating, oh God.
  Everyone pause your Boogities.
  Okay, we're now at the point where the dad, oh it's paused again.
  What?  Sorry, 2639, one, two, Boogity Boogity Boo.
  Okay.
  Oh shit, it doesn't.
  This, there are some interferences, there are some disturbances and it makes me worried  that we are in the presence of the boss already.
  And unless there are any more interesting facts about the Jazz Kitchen restaurant we  went to, maybe it's time for Jason to make his escape.
  Yeah, I've got a weird feeling here, I might take off guys.
  Sure, yeah, yeah.
  Just leave all that beer you brought.
  Yeah, I'm going to leave the beer but.
  No, no, no, of course, but we won't give it to the boss when they show up.
  Alright, good luck guys, I'll see you later.
  Okay, you survived Pug, you survived, okay bye.
  Do you want to plug anything though before you leave?  Do you want to plug anything?  No, I'm good, I'm good.
  It's a gift shop, there's nothing to plug.
  Okay, just making sure we're polite and giving him the option.
  Yeah.
  We can always retweet something.
  Oh shit, Jason's gone and now we have to, oh fuck.
  Well I guess we better get this over with, okay.
  Hey, Sector Keeper.
  Boys, boys.
  Oh, Sector Keeper, hi.
  Hello.
  Okay, so we're at the end of the level, what's going on?  What's going on?  Boys, darkness looms.
  What?  There's a boss on the horizon, boys.
  I don't have much time, look at me, look at me, I have an item for you boys.
  Oh, a few.
  Yeah, yeah, you boysie.
  Sector Keeper, you having trouble looking?  Put the vape down, there's not a time to vape.
  You said you didn't have time to lose and then you're still pumping on the vape, come  on.
  Yeah.
  Boys, I need you to take this trombone, this.
  Oh.
  This Treme certified trombone and use it.
  Boys, boys.
  We're losing your leader, Sector Keeper.
  It's forming again.
  Well, well, well.
  If it isn't a few pots of gumbo.
  Oh my god, I know it's.
  Oh, it's we are?  He's been overtaken by the evil spirit of Ralph Brennan.
  It must be, is it you, Ralph?  That's right, at your service, W.
 Tull.
  I know that draw anywhere.
  It reeks of rotten etouffee.
  Oh, watch your mouth.
  He's fanning himself, too.
  That's right.
  I've got two big fans.
  Don't make me use them.
  OK, all right.
  And he's puffing now from a mint julep flavored vape.
  That's right.
  Mint julep, mint.
  Oh, he's got a double mint.
  Right, because everything's got a new mint now.
  Oh, Jesus.
  God, this guy, this guy means business.
  Just got to be careful.
  His fans are are are sharp.
  They're like Molina or Katana from Mortal Kombat and Mortal Kombat.
  I don't believe you.
  I mean, I bet it's just a regular paper.
  We have Mortal Kombat two in the big easy.
  Oh, wow.
  Oh, my God.
  You.
  You.
  It cut my fingers up.
  That's right.
  You came to the wrong level, boys.
  How dare you step foot in here?  A few of you philistines.
  I bet you haven't even been to Harvey Mudd College.
  Oh, no.
  We're in the Harvey Mudd thing again.
  Was that you?  Did you schedule that to minorly inconvenience us?  That's right.
  Me and Harvey Mudd go way back.
  Wow, I didn't know that.
  They're old bastard brothers together.
  Yeah, that's right.
  We're old bastard brothers.
  Oh, you bet you say it in a celebratory way, not an insult.
  You own the word bastard.
  I love being a bastard in the big easy.
  Oh, God, this guy is real big, easy.
  Did you know I'm named one of the 20 most influential restaurant people in the country  by Restaurant Business Magazine?  Yeah, I guess we do.
  But it was something we kind of found because of this, not like a thing we know.
  Yeah, we were looking up stuff.
  I mean, that's impressive.
  But I have to say, I've never heard of that magazine.
  Philistines, read a magazine once in your life.
  We do.
  I mean, we read.
  We're not reading magazines.
  Any magazine also?  What about like Boys Life?  Boys Life, I'm living it.
  Wow.
  OK, well.
  It's that famous southern sense of humor.
  I guess so.
  Tennessee Williams.
  Boys Life, yeah.
  This hoity toots.
  What he doesn't know is that we still we've all we've defeated two bosses and we have not  had to use very many weapons.
  So we've got weapons at our disposal.
  Just like you and your your blade fans.
  Jason, what?  Check the stockpile.
  What do we have still at our disposal?  OK, you know, you get a body accent.
  What?  I was like, sorry, I thought you were going to say that.
  I was like, I'm sorry.
  I thought you were like a grit and determination.
  OK, so sorry.
  Talking about.
  Oh, no, it's spreading.
  It's right.
  Shake it off.
  It's contagious.
  We've got a big we've got a boot from Sanuk that seems big enough for me to hop into.
  That could be good.
  We've got two pizzas from Tootie Rudy's Tootie Rudy's Pizza.
  That's the pizza restaurant where Rudy Giuliani makes the pizzas.
  That's right.
  And you haven't eaten either of them yet.
  I managed not to get that city slick of shit out of my.
  Well, you don't have no boys for you.
  Oh, I get it.
  That's right.
  Po boys for me.
  It's a po boys life.
  You know what I mean?  He doesn't know boy boys life po boys life magazine.
  You should publish that.
  Ralph.
  I already did.
  My father gave me the money.
  Ever heard of him?  Owen Brennan?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, we talked about him a little bit.
  We're in Hollywood.
  The only Owens we care about are Owen Shaw and Owen.
  What the fuck's his name?  Wilson.
  Grady?  Yeah, we just care about the movie character ones.
  Who's Owen Shaw?  Yeah, who's Owen Shaw?  He's one of the villains in Fast and Furious.
  Oh, Hobbs and Shaw.
  OK, that's what we care about.
  Enough.
  Tell me why I shouldn't kill you right now.
  Because we have weapons.
  I've got two pamphlets here, one of them's for you to read and one of them's for me to  read along.
  This is about the dangers of fornication.
  Fornication?  This'll show you you can't be this way.
  Listen up you little pots of gumbo.
  I created fornication in the Big Easy.
  What do you think we do down in the Big Easy in the Four Quarters?  We fuck.
  Oh God.
  That's way beyond just cohabitation with somebody you're not married to.
  You got nothing against me.
  You right there.
  Yeah, I see you got a hungry look in your eye.
  What if I whipped up some of my sweet free gumbo emphasis on free?  That's right, now he's floating over like a cartoon cat.
  No, no, no.
  Need the people.
  Jason, go to him.
  Oh, Muggy Day, like this is nothing like a free pot of gumbo.
  That's right.
  Oh, he's southernizing.
  Jason is fans too and they're sharp.
  Oh God.
  He's gonna turn on us.
  I keep it on keeping me cool but not cutting my face off something fierce.
  That's right.
  How about you?  Why don't you cool off with something refreshing?  Why don't you take a sip of my piping hot Big Easy wine?  Most of those words I didn't like, but wine I certainly do.
  Have you drank hot wine before?  I haven't had very hot wine.
  It's a delicacy.
  I do declare.
  That's right.
  It's the sweet spot.
  That's right.
  What do you think you're going to, tall boy?  I was just sneaking away.
  No, you're not going anywhere.
  I'll spank your little bottom before you go anywhere.
  That's right.
  The party's just beginning, Michael.
  I am not going to have the accent.
  I promise you this.
  Is that right?  Even if I took out one of your biggest weaknesses, something naughty like Mardi Gras beads.
  Well, well, well.
  What do I have to do to earn them beads?  That's right.
  That's right.
  Now that you're under my spell, I banish you boys.
  I banish you to the underworld.
  Whoa.
  That's right.
  It's shaking off.
  I don't have the accent anymore.
  Wait, wait, what happened?  Did we just sign our soul over to this guy?  I'm sorry.
  What?  The underworld?  You signed a Ralph Brennan embroidered napkin, a Faustian bargain of sorts.
  You're going to the underworld.
  What?  Wait a minute.
  Did we lose?  I think that means we lost.
  I think we lost a boss battle.
  We can lose the battles?  I didn't realize that.
  We won.
  We were two for two.
  We lost them.
  Hold on.
  Wait, wait.
  Hey, Ralph, how about a skull pin?  You ever cooked skull pin before?  Doesn't that look tempting?  Get that shit out of my.
  Okay, that didn't work.
  I tried to trick him.
  The fish is dead on the ground now.
  He owns our souls.
  What are you talking about?  The underworld.
  The underworld, boys.
  You just made me a lot stronger.
  Your banished down below to one bad bayou.
  What?  What bad bayou?  All the stores of downtown Disney past have fallen.
  Oh my God.
  That's right.
  Oh, that's right.
  Fallen brothers that you'll have to discuss behind a paywall.
  What?  Oh, oh my God.
  Okay.
  Oh God.
  Did you just make this series longer?  Wait, wait.
  Yeah.
  I'm not even going to say it.
  Are you?  Okay.
  Can you tell me, can you say specifically what this entails?  What you're saying is we have to go behind our paywall, podcast the ride the second gate,  and we have to do, we have to do more episodes than what we were already doing?  I couldn't have said it better myself.
  Oh my God.
  We thought this was going to be 15, but apparently it's going to be longer.
  How, wait, how many?  How many?  What are you talking about?  Like how many things do we have to do?  We're now looking at 18 total episodes, boys.
  You motherfucker.
  It was never 15.
  I knew it was too good to be true.
  I like, Oh my God.
  You've co-opted our three monthly behind the paywall, Patreon episodes.
  Haven't you, you evil son of a bitch?  I couldn't have said it better myself.
  He took them over and pulled them into this series.
  And what was supposed to, I was so happy it was only 15.
  It was mercifully shorter than the city walk saga.
  And now it's almost as long as the city walk.
  It's one less.
  It's an insultingly number, it's an insultingly shorter.
  It's a taunting amount of almost the same.
  Okay.
  So I guess if I have to sum up everything, it means that there's going to be 15 free  episodes.
  Yes, that will happen, but there are going to be three additional episodes behind a paywall  at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  Is that right?  Is that right?  Is that the wrong?  It's the shops and experiences that have fallen that have closed it down.
  It's been open for so long and so many failed businesses have been there.
  No, that's going to take us forever.
  I couldn't have said it better myself.
  You're so pleased.
  I hate that.
  I know it's a compliment that you're, you like our phrasing, but I'm still not happy.
  You, but you, I can think of no worse punishment.
  You are banishing us to three more episodes.
  Jesus Christ.
  You son of a bitch.
  Good luck boys.
  And if you'll excuse me, I've got to go finish a big bowl of bananas foster with Harvey mud.
  Wait a minute, Mike, you're turning into little, little pixels.
  You're splintering off.
  Oh, I feel where our bodies are.
  I don't feel so good.
  Jason, I got a case of the vape.
  Jason, I'm scared.
  We're descending.
  We're descending down beneath the bayou.
  And if you want to know what happens to us, there's only one solution.
  You have to go to patrion.
com slash podcast, the ride.
  It's the only way to know what's going to be happening to us for the next three days.
  Otherwise the straight run of episodes is going to be broken.
  You'll only get a straight run of episodes without a three day lapse.
  If you subscribe right now and page your account, such pockets, the ride, it's $5.
  It's only $5 for this one.
  On the good side, it's only $5 in our whole back catalog also available as well.
  So you can also just binge on all the old episodes.
  You can still hear about McGruff and the coming out of our shells tour.
  So there are good things, but I'm starting to splinter.
  My face and mouth are disappearing line by line.
  So I better wrap it up.
  Please for more downtown Disney ordeal, there's only one thing you can do.
  Join us tomorrow at podcast, the ride, the second gate page on duck, I've slash podcast,  the ride.
  I'll see you guys down there.
  All right.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever  dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
