 Forever.
.
.
 .
.
.
Dark!  Darkness falls out on the street, Evil rears its head.
  Get your crazy shake to go, And your fried doughnut bread.
  The villains threaten this sacred place, This downtown shopping mall.
  We must defend the Lego store, And the Splitsville bowling balls.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, We must protect our AP discount meals.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, What secrets does the Earl of Sandwich conceal?  Boys, boys, my cousin has been taken by evil forces that have inhabited Downtown Disney.
  In order to find them, you will need to thoroughly discuss every aspect of the mall.
  Stores, restaurants, both of the Starbucks.
  You have 15 daily very necessary episodes and what's to do so.
  I will be there to guide you and keep your conversations from getting too off topic or boring.
  The Downtown Disney ordeal, Why do we do this to ourselves?  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the Downtown Disney ordeal.
  Today, level three, stage two.
 How are you holding up, gentlemen?  I'm OK.
 I mean, Scott Garner talking.
  Jason Sheridan and I'm Mike.
 And Mike's here too.
  Did we now, did we all hit it a little hard after the last stage?  Did we all go to downtown or not downtown to Buffalo Wild Wings with our guests and hit it a little hard?  Perhaps we did.
 Yeah, I think.
 Yeah, very hard.
  The maybe a little maybe very headache in the next day.
 Hard until five p.
m.
 Hard all around.
  That's what roller coasters and drinking.
 That's what happens.
  But, you know, I think we needed the stress relief because we're like we're now.
  I think now exactly at the midway point.
  And it was nice to it was nice to blow off steam.
  And let's just say things got a little real.
  You everybody drinks are flowing and we were saying our real feelings about Sanuk.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Really let it out.
  Sometimes we're very PC, you know, on this podcast.
  A little guarded.
 We were letting it fly talking about flip flops.
  You know, we were letting our ugliest thoughts come out about the design of the yoga mat.
  Taker easy flip flop, whatever one of the names of it.
  Coming out and saying that I don't know that all our best days are spent in sandals.
  For sure, some of our best days are spent in sand.
 Yeah.
  I was so I was so gone.
  I kept calling it Sunglass Hut instead of Sunglass icon by Sunglass Hut.
  I'm so do you guys even remember that?  I hope I hope you were too blacked out, Tur.
  Because I am so embarrassed.
  I think you were forgetting the thing when I kept correcting you said, no, they're not going to make me say it.
  I said it one way for years and you were like really adamant that like this is the way I say it.
  Oh, God.
 So, yeah, that's kind of it was a little embarrassing.
  I didn't want to bring it up on the air, but yeah.
  So, I mean, I'm really I'm deeply embarrassed by that.
  And especially because I guess there's this inner darkness that is coming out because I mean, we're only a couple of days out from when I nearly smashed the sector keepers head in.
  That's right.
 Because I was so I was just mad at who was inhabiting him.
  Nick Valenti.
 I don't it was not the keeper, but I didn't I didn't realize I was capable of such a violence.
  I didn't realize I had such rage about sunglass like I'm by sunglass.
  I'm going to need to take it easy after this whole thing.
  I'm just glad we're not that far from being done.
  So, yeah, no, I work very close.
  I think it's not that's what it feels like.
  Bad.
 But let's get it together.
  Let's get get over these headaches and let's find out where we're going today.
  Keeper, give us our mission.
 Boys, boys, today's stage contains black tap craft burgers and shakes, sprinkles and the void.
  Cool.
 OK, great.
 This is a fun.
  This is all things I approve of.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Like inherently unpleasant in here.
  I think we've had good times at all these places.
  A very pleasant sector level.
 Oh, gosh.
 Geez, Jason.
  That headache is still.
 Fuck, are you still drunk?  Out of your mind.
  Drunk on the quality of the sector, the quality of goods.
  Yes.
 What do you where should we?  I think a lot of level three level three is a very one because I as I said earlier, I think we're in the we're in the heart of it here.
  I think the I think the bookends get a little rougher.
  You know, we're heading down the line.
 We're heading west where there's barely any stores anymore.
  And this is where all the new good stuff is.
  I feel like this is very everything's post 2017 at least here in level three.
  Fresh.
 It feels fresh.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, you can feel it.
 Oh, yeah.
  It is that new new store smell, that new stage smell.
  Yeah, new for Disney in 2017, which means culturally, they're up to about, say, 2014 in terms of taste.
  Getting there.
 And that's that's very evident in Black Tap Crafts, Craft Burgers and Shakes, because this is a restaurant that seems designed to create Instagram's and capitalizing on specifically a New York Instagram trend that peaked probably in like 2015.
  Yeah, I mean, there are Disney's going to be a couple of years late on like the hippest thing that's going on in the world.
  But yeah, this is for this is to get this is to entice.
  This is a I'm trying to think of this is like a honey trap of a food situation.
  This is whatever you would call it.
 It's I mean, it's good.
  Yes, in there.
 Yes.
  And you yeah, there's food here that's fantastic and that is not, you know, crazy and designed for for Instagram.
  Yeah, Aaron and I went not too long ago and both had burger bowls that were awesome.
  And I don't even I don't really like that.
 I don't really ever do the protein style and lettuce and like I want that bun.
  I'm usually chasing that.
 But but in this case, this thing was great.
 It was like really hearty and just kept going and going.
  I got the turkey burger salad, kale, avocado, apple, blue cheese, cranberries, like fantastic.
  Like one of the best meals I've had for this whole while this whole time.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Good.
  I've had the like classic burger before and it's it's super solid.
  I think easily one of the best burgers at the resort on property.
  You guys all went there on Galaxy's Edge Eve.
 Galaxy's Edge.
 Yeah.
  I raced myself for Galaxy's Edge with a crazy shake, which so to that end, while the food is just like solid and great.
  And I'll also say good like I didn't have a beer there, but seems probably awesome.
  We did a split like a mini bottle of J.
  Lor Chardonnay.
 Thumbs way up.
 Sure.
 And also night like, you know, I think we I think we both sat at the bar.
 Right.
  I think so.
 It's kind of what do they call it? Fast casual.
  It's a little easier to get into.
 Like the sit down lines seem to be taking a while.
  But a bar you can get in a little faster.
  So what we have here, just like pretty solid restaurant, like great addition for for lunches and, you know, dining options for the downtown Disney.
  But what you really want to talk about are these treats and these shakes.
 Yeah, for sure.
  Yeah, I had the the like fun, fatty birthday cake, crazy shake one where so it's got a slice of cake on top.
  And I have to give them credit because on the menu it says limited quantities available because they actually do make the bake the cakes themselves and then slice it and put it on top.
  And these are not there.
 There's not some frozen zone.
 No, it did taste fresh.
  It didn't taste.
 It feels like it would be very easy to do a shitty version of like a cheap, stale version of your listener.
  You don't know this is a full giant real shake, like major, major shake with a real huge slice of cake on the top and icing around an icing rim.
  Yes, like a vanilla or really thick.
 Yes, with different flavors and candy just stuck in there and Lindsay and I sprinkles.
  And I got the Bam Bam shake and we split it and you do tackle the cake shake alone.
  Yes, which I didn't think this shake was that like I finished the shake and I only ate a little of the I got a go box for the cake because I only took a few bites of the cake.
  And then if you'll recall after enjoying a hot tub, so then I had the cake back at the room later.
  I do recall.
 I was happy.
 Famously.
  Did you did you split off from us that night? Yes, we were in the park.
  I think and you went back to go to the hot tub at the Disneyland Hotel.
  I think I think you were at the bar.
 Like we were Trader Sam's.
  No, you were at the Napoli and then I think I went to the hot tub and then met you at the bar.
  I don't know because we met you at Trader Sam's and you were wet.
  I may come from the hot tub.
 Yeah, I think you came from the hot tub and I think we came to Trader Sam's and you were soaked.
  Got in the hot tub with socks, of course.
 Yeah, with socks.
 Get those socks as wet as possible.
  I mean, look, we were all trying to milk our one night stay out of the Disneyland Resort and enjoy the resort amenities.
  Yeah, I did the briefest possible hot tub stint myself.
 Yeah, just jammed it out.
  Yeah, you got to do it.
 Sure.
 No, I'm not putting down a hot tub.
  I just remember you being wet.
 Yeah, but the cake was good.
  The cake was good.
 So this is so this is it.
  We like this.
 These shakes that isn't it feels gimmicky.
  It feels silly and it feels made geared for Instagram, but they're they're good.
  Well, I would say try.
 I haven't had a regular shake.
  If I went back, I would probably just get a regular shake.
  If I was going like with someone, I would probably share the crazy.
  The crazy shakes seem ideal for sharing.
  And at seventeen dollars, they is one dollar more than a burger and fries.
  The cake shake is seventeen.
 Everything else.
  Well, fifteen.
 And then the regular is like nine, basically.
 Yeah.
  So it's really it does feel like two separate things.
  The fact that you were able to separate it and use it, use the cake as a different dessert.
  Yeah, that's the most absurd one.
 I think of all the shakes.
  Well, there's one that comes with like two chip which is stick it out of it.
  Like two ice cream sandwiches.
  Yeah, it's like it's excess, you know, it's a statement on the excess of America in my mind.
  You know, this is what's wrong with America.
 Yeah.
  The indulgence we're willing to there's I guess there's strawberry shortcake,  but it's not only it has a piece of shortcake in it.
  There was one that had like a Choco Taco sticking out of it for a while.
  I don't know if they still have that.
 My one complaint is we got the Bam Bam shake,  which is fruity pebble shake with a vanilla frosted rim, fruity pebbles, rice crispy treat, strawberry pop tart.
  There were just chunks of pop tart in it.
  And then there was Laffy Taffy in it.
 But here's my complaint.
  The Laffy Taffy had the wrapper on it.
 All of the wrapper or just like the top?  Like all of it.
 We don't wrap it.
 No, no, no.
 That's gross.
  I don't like the wrapper.
 Maybe the little of the top.
  Like if a place gives you a straw.
 I know.
 I open it for me.
  OK.
 You know, I would pay the extra two dollars if they would open the Laffy Taffy for me and put it in my shake.
  I think the one thing that I would say is that because they chill those glasses,  the icing hardens pretty quickly on that rim.
 And you kind of have to.
  You have to really like use your like back molars to get like really scrape off the frosting on the side of the cups.
  Very fun, though, to watch them make it make them.
 But I guess a little inconvenient.
  A little.
 You know, it would be great if it was like a thick cone, like a thick ice cream cone material that they would serve them out of.
  Obviously, we'll probably soak is.
 Yeah.
  I wonder if that's just probably logistically impossible because structurally, I think once the ice cream starts melting and the shake starts melting, then it's going to soak.
  And then it's going to be structural integrity of the cone will go away.
  Think about that.
 I think.
 But it's fun.
 You can bake like a sugar cone type material in the shape of a bowl like a waffle cone.
  So theoretically, Disneyland, you could turn that into a cup.
  But does it start to? Yeah.
 Does it start to lose structural integrity the higher you make it?  I mean, I guess it's going to keep me up at night.
 I get a big waffle cone with the sprinkles stuck to the side because it's the same basic principle.
  When you get a sprinkle cone on Main Street is that you have your extra candy crap stuck to the side and then you get to eat it after you've had the delicious ice cream inside.
  But it's so much easier on a cone than this like glass that you have to just lick the glass as hard as you can.
  Your tongue is like scraping the glass.
 Maybe you need like multiple.
 You need reinforcement.
  You need a multi layer where the if the first rung gives that there is another like you're you know, there's I don't know which you know what would have the best consistency.
  But you know, like an Oreo cup then with a cone shot like so you got multiple.
  So if one starts to give you have a backup system in place.
 I think that's good.
  Entirely separate entities that are both glass shaped like an Oreo cone and then it's like a chocolate chip cookie like cup cone thing.
  It's like two layers that we're saying.
 Yeah.
 And I say Oreo, but probably Oreo is going to give a cone is probably maybe the really thick unless it's a super hardened pie crust.
  Kind of situation.
 Is there been a people watch dessert shows more than I do and I like those dessert shows because somebody ever made a giant chocolate chip cookie shake cup.
  You know what I mean? Like this.
 I think that would be possible.
 I know I've seen shooters.
 Yes, I have seen chocolate chip cookie shooters.
 How big how big.
  How big can you I can you go? I think it's all up to the hubris of the Baker and kinds grasp exceeds his reach.
  Where is it mankind's grasps? It doesn't exceed his wit.
 I forget what.
 Let me ask you this question.
  If the shake was twenty five dollars, but it came in a very delicious chocolate chip cookie cup.
  Essentially, that was as tall as the shake glasses they have.
 Would you buy it? I mean, once in a while.
 Once in a while.
  Yes, I mean, I think I'd have to examine the end of it.
 Like I'd have to see that.
 So that's what the next the next evolution of this is we've determined here because you can build like some sort of rice crispy treat.
  You'd have to change the recipe to make it a little harder.
 But like you could probably figure out a way for each of these to have their own flavor specific cup.
 Yeah.
  I think this is impractical.
 I mean, that's a dream.
 That's wonderful.
 It's a wonderful dream.
  I think you need to get your cup consistency.
 I think it's going to make the whole operation easier if there's if there's just one base kind of cup.
  I think that's right because you're fabricating multiple types of good based cups.
 You're going to need more employees and more counter space.
  And you're needing to cut deals with like with the Rice Crispy people and the the fruity pebble people to create that that you know hardened reinforced post the people that post cereal those those assholes and post cereal that like they'll give you just stray pebbles for free.
  Right.
 Free but for they'll toss them at you.
 They'll cut you a deal.
 But for that to ask them to develop a reinforced dessert cup that is edible.
  Yeah.
 And also that I mean already that this place has a food program and a very intense dessert program and a beer and wine program.
  I like you saying program.
 That's what they call it.
 Isn't that what they call it.
 It's a lot.
 It's a lot for a place of that size to try and balance.
  So that's them to add an aerodynamics program.
 Yes.
 Able aerodynamics program.
 I'm just I'm dreaming big here.
 You know I'm blue sky and you should.
  But I like Jason was doing that highfalutin quote and I'm just thinking about you know the wonders of science but the perils of science and in pursuit of the perfect edible milkshake cup.
  What if you created an edible atomic bomb.
  But like Rice Krispies atomic bomb fruity pebbles atomic bomb.
 Sure I'm scared of the fruity pebbles one because if that goes that goes flying then everybody's I mean you're look it's atomic you're dying anyway but you if you survive you might get pebbles in your eyes and walk the earth unable to see.
  Yeah but what a delicious way to go.
 Sure.
 It's probably a really powerful gobstopper and this like that's that that's that's off the reaction.
 I like that.
  And then it's somewhere between it's it probably has something to do with pop rocks and coke.
 Yeah.
 Like like a turbo loaded pop rocks and coke.
 It beats I shouldn't outline this folly.
  And this is a folly man's folly but not the fun kind of falling building that's useless.
  Not a fun little bo ask folly.
 No it's a gazebo a folly because you get to sit in it.
 I think it has a use.
 It is a use.
 It does have a use.
 It'd be like a gazebo you couldn't sit in maybe.
 Gazebo's were probably people in the past pre antibiotics were probably like well go sit in the gazebo for an hour and that'll cure your ailments.
  Do you think the gazebo was like a health.
 It was health it was like pharmacies that had soda fountains.
 Okay.
 It was good to have a fossil.
 Then it was never it was never a folly.
 Yeah.
 It was healing people.
  A gazebo was a cure.
 I'm just guessing.
 I'm just guessing.
 The road to wellville hour.
 Road to wellville shit.
 Is that another Sheridan family secret family treatment when like you go sit in the gazebo gazebo Jason for an hour.
  I mean I love sitting in the gazebo.
 I definitely feel at ease in a gazebo.
 It was his time out.
 There's no doubt about that.
 Go get in the gazebo.
  And instead of an iron lung you were at the gazebo.
 Whooping cough or something.
 Before I forget before we move on I this is interesting to me black tap because it is like the second craft beer place directly underneath the other craft beer place right.
  Yes.
 What a ballast point we went yesterday.
 What a victory for this area.
 Yeah.
 Great one and two pretty quickly within each other and not really doesn't seem one doesn't seem to be competing with each other.
 They're both always packed kind of different.
  It's amazing they can sit next to each other and still be pal.
 I mean maybe they're secretly trying to drive the other out of the game but currently they're sitting together and I'm glad we didn't put black tap in yesterday's sector because we were the stage because we might be we might be dead by now of alcohol.
  Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Third well mixed with cake.
 Yeah.
 With sugar with a sugar crash.
 Is there a ballast point cake.
 I don't even know.
 I have seen some breweries like like beer.
 Your floats.
 No like a scoop of ice cream.
 Oh yeah.
 I've seen that.
 I got served.
 I got like good though.
  I think that mix is weird.
 I never had a vanilla like lager once or a vanilla beer that they put like a dollop of whipped cream on top.
 And that was kind of interesting.
 What it like what about like a stout.
 What about like a Guinness and an ice cream.
  I never had it.
 I don't think that I think makes the most sense.
 I don't know.
 I think it would be good.
 Also like like these low integrity like the edible cup.
 I think you I think that'd be good for like one or two sips or bites whatever you want to however you're attacking it.
  And then it gets awful right away.
 Yeah.
 I would imagine.
 Yeah.
 I could be I feel like maybe we're missing a bit.
 Somebody could be listening going I've had the greatest beer float and it is perfect and wonderful.
 But I know I don't know.
 It's not coming to me.
 Yeah I don't know.
  I have a quick thing also for a move on.
 I was so this this thing came out of New York primarily and it was I found an article that called it the most Instagram milkshake in New York.
 But they've expanded all over there in the I believe the Venetian in Las Vegas and Anaheim obviously.
  But then it's locations in Bahrain and Dubai and even the Anaheim one has quotes from like time out Dubai touting their superiority.
 And like that there's a lot of locations in Dubai.
 And I'm like OK so this place is like you know the Dubai thing is weird in some way.
  So what's this can't just be some normal guy who wanted to start a restaurant.
 And I looked up the owner.
 It's a husband wife and the wife seems primarily responsible for the milkshake and the cake shake.
  The husband is named Chris Barish.
 He is the son of Keith Barish.
 He's a second generation restaurateur.
 And Keith Barish I was so excited to discover all that like no wonder this guy's heading to Dubai because the ambition of his father he's got to try to match.
  Keith Barish was a big real estate guy then became a film producer produced the movies his first movies endless love and Sophie's Choice Wow major films I get big trouble in little China the fugitive with Harrison Ford and produced the movie The Running Man with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
  And in the early 90s he asked his buddy Arnold if he wanted to go in on a restaurant.
 And but before he could do that he brought he had to bring in a major restaurant tour for somebody who knew the game.
  Yeah, and that person's name Robert Earl.
 This was the team that founded Planet Hollywood Chris Barish who whose son started black tab had worked with Arnold Schwarzenegger as a movie producer.
 That's why he's part of it.
  And then, Robert Earl, for anyone who doesn't know Robert Earl is the namesake of Earl of Sandwich where we will be heading sometime next week.
 And boy, I mean we've talked about it before the Robert Earl episode I haven't begun the research in earnest, it's going to be, it's going to be a deep dive.
  Yeah, there's a lot of work ahead of me there's so much about Robert Earl and even putting all this together and discovering the story of Keith Barish.
 There's so much it when we get to Robert Earl it's going to tie together characters from multiple stages, it all comes together it's like such a fascinating.
  The story of the theme restaurant wars could probably be its own episode.
 Yeah, for sure.
 Anyway, just appreciate that about black tap that it's it's the new generation.
  And like, I don't know that this makes me want because when you hear about all the Robert Earl wars and I'll save it for later.
 It makes me want that ballast point black tap rivalry to be like vicious and multimillion dollar losses for sure, but I think it's all a little too polished now  but like the, just some quick from the black tap website, come kick it at black tap we're throwing it back to those days as a kid enjoying a cheeseburger and a milkshake fun and familiar, genuine quality.
  That's some copywriting right there like that's very saying that it's not aggressive copyright.
  The website is just very like inspired by the old school luncheonettes we grew up in black tap is the new take on the classic burger joint, it just feels very precise and the restaurant itself is like, there's some exposed you know ceiling beams there's some tiles more like ice cream  polar tiles like it feels very consciously designed.
 Right, I mean I'm just I was just one like in the old in the 90s.
 I mean I want to say in the 90s you were getting everything right on the wall of Planet Hollywood didn't say like fuck rainforest cafe or anything.
  You know, and like that, but I think behind.
 I mean everything was a little crazier in the 90s I think everything that's crazy happening now is a little bit more under wraps.
 I think that's sort of the difference like we just we just don't know about it's all it's all secret but everything that played out with  Planet Hollywood and some of these other restaurants was all public was very vicious and involved some of these people I'm talking about.
  I'll save it.
 It's wow don't strain yourself either if you need to punt some of it to a future episode maybe there's a lot of it's gonna be a lot already on this ordeal on our shoulders so there certainly is a well we'll pace ourselves.
  I even looking at a fact that I'm gonna, I'm gonna ignore for now.
 We should we should move on.
 I'm so excited about Robert Earl.
  For now let's keep moving on to sprinkles.
 Yeah sprinkles if you weren't if you don't have your fill of sprinkles with a birthday cake shake, then head over to sprinkles and get more sprinkles.
 We know what sprinkles is they have it here too.
  They have cupcakes.
  Yeah, it's.
  I don't know.
 It's not my favorite.
  Really, I'll say that.
  I don't know I feel like it is I feel like I had it a call like a bunch when the first year when it was around, and then it was like I don't know.
 I kind of was let down, I kind of got let down I feel like.
  I don't know it didn't it didn't keep delivering it's sort of like Pinkberry where I had it a lot in the first year and then it was like I don't know about this anymore.
 Isn't that the risk.
  Yeah, yeah, I think that's the risk that that that syndrome can happen outside of food I think that what we might that's what we might be experiencing with Star Wars galaxy's edge.
  Very good saying I feel like it's like a, because I was watching this special, where by the way I didn't realize Jay Leno.
 Oh yeah is talking to you from the, the chess table in the Falcon we got to do an episode about that.
  Oh, it's so good.
 It's really good.
 But there's in the special makes such a big deal out of like the first time you see the Falcon your jaw will drop and that first time you walk and all that's true.
  But then what then like don't I think our people still is the 10th time as.
 Yeah, that's the difference.
 That's yeah that's the difference I guess that makes people coming back.
 I don't know with that.
  That's a different thing like I like, yeah, your draw drops but then like the 10th time is when like hopefully you love the morning Falcon right even more than the first time, which is the issue, probably with that.
  Yeah, that's the problem.
 Sprinkles I also what's interesting though not interesting with anything that expands fast.
 You never quite know how they're cutting corners when the expansion happens.
  So I never quite know if I'm just sort of sick of something or if they've like, you know, to save two cents per item, they've cut down on like a version of the like whatever sugar they use less good sugar, they're making a little smaller slowly but surely something yeah trick you.
  So it happened with um umami burger.
 Yes exactly.
 Exactly the same thing.
 Yeah, big fall off.
 Yes.
 Yeah, really like a year, maybe a little longer like one of the original ones in in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles, still pretty good but a lot of the outlying ones have kind of closed a lot of the expansion.
  I think they were dreaming of being a Chipotle and I don't think that's what they are.
 But I think they're in Dubai too.
 I think part of the direction for companies like this is like all right, we'll expand and they're hungry for American higher quality franchises internationally, where there is more new money in the Middle East or Asia.
  People have a little more disposable income now.
 But American exports are still seen as like oh that's cool or like that's that's like a status thing.
  Thus far in Los Angeles is a place called Holland raise Nashville hot chicken.
 You got to give these people credit because it's still as good.
 Excuse me, I'm not starting to cry thinking about Nashville hot chicken.
 That was a thing in my throat.
  I don't believe you.
 Okay, fair enough.
 I was I was choking up.
 That is that's been around for what three years or so.
 I've had it like and it is consistently as good when I have it now.
 So that is my argument for a lot of this stuff falling off.
  But there's only one of those still.
 Yes, that's true.
 And that's how they're expanding but they're doing it so slowly.
 A lot of these other things they get very money happy.
 They have I think that probably the plan is open one or two locations, make everybody go Holy shit.
  That's great.
 Bring the investors in, then, you know, launch it worldwide and make it less good.
  A bunch of money.
 Yeah, I mean there are people whose jobs it is to take restaurants from one or two locations to a chain to franchise.
 That is their whole job.
 Right.
  And they're probably by like we can cut a little bit out of here.
 We can make this a little less good.
 I don't know that this happened to sprinkles.
 I should I don't you maybe you feel it a little bit.
 You feel it.
 But I don't know if that's real.
  There's a LA ice cream chain called Sweet Rose Creamery and there used to be one pretty close to where I live and they closed it after a year or two and they had a sign up saying we're sorry.
 Our flagship store is still where we make a lot of the stuff in Santa Monica and we like to be very hands on and oversee everything and we just couldn't make the track.
  We just couldn't keep an eye on it even though it's only a few miles but you may as well be in a different city the way Los Angeles is sometime.
 Sure.
 Yes.
 And you choked up while reading this tale.
  I mean well it was just funny because that inconsolable place where it was I think right.
 I think before that it was frozen yogurt and then it was craft ice cream and now it's acai bowl.
 So it's it is changing tastes like the sprinkles had was part of the cupcake craze which begat the fancy ice cream craze which begat the like Instagram milkshake like your Bible my Bible.
  Yeah.
 What out frozen yogurt before that.
 I don't know cupcakes were the avocado toast of the like late 2000s early 2010s.
 The reason the reason we're so fucked as a generation.
 Yeah.
 Our love of these if we could just put these things down.
  What do you think that was coming next craze wise.
 I always thought and I guess I was kind of right with that crazy shake.
 I always thought like the thing after cupcakes would just be a slice of yellow cake.
 It would be like it would just be because then someone realized like oh we could just make whole cakes and sell the slices which there are a few chains of like pie slices.
  You get your slice of pie.
 You know.
 Yeah.
 So you think maybe it's back to basics.
 It's not going to be some sort of an arms race right now.
 Well I mean it the cupcake thing kind of also is like people will pay for the a little more for the basics if you can sell them on like oh this is the highest quality ingredients like this is organic butter this organic you know this is good quality.
  So plain cake plain cake.
 All right.
 Let's mark it down here.
 2019 the plain cake craze the rise of like Jason cake as a flavor cake like cake Adamas has sweet sweet Adamas.
 Yeah.
 What's your future man.
 The character I just created the name.
 Sure.
  Oh.
 Treats Adamas.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's if there is a CNN show the desserts like an oral history talking head show.
 They got a book Jason.
 Oh I would love that.
 And there will be and like it'll be like a week long series like an hour for five day and they'll go like he gave it.
  There's too much.
 We can't like Jason just talked for 30 hours straight.
 He had multiple.
 We weren't even going to do those episodes this season but he came in just off the dome.
 There needs to be some transition from sarsaparilla to root beer.
 He just kept talking about this one line in Carousel of Progress.
 Someone listening.
 The idea that you haven't reached out and offered Jason a hosting gig at one of these dessert shows it's it's criminal.
 Like if someone listener out there knows someone who is the person who cast  the host versus dessert shows what are you doing.
 He's right here.
 Yeah.
 This is a guy.
 I mean he's I mean there you there's the there's the like fun host guy but I think there's the historian.
 Yeah.
 Student and I think that's Jason's.
 Oh I did not that you couldn't do both.
 I was sure in the term and I like a very serious show.
 Oh I see.
 Like Cosmos.
  Like Carl Sagan of dessert.
 Yes.
 When you're it all takes place from ins like the Neil deGrasse Tyson way like you're in this ship and the ship everything is made of a very solemn episode as we discussed the soda wars of the 80s the controversy of tab where you discussed the  failure of new coke and then the one where you discussed the Candyland characters.
 Oh well that's a whole.
 Queen Frostine.
 Yeah that'll be like.
 Glumpy.
 And America was ready to fall in love with a little guy named Glumpy.
 Come along shall we and then like you.
 See you then presents the desserts.
 And then you're piloting a big it's like a big cake spaceship and the joysticks are all cupcakes and the hot.
 You got to have a little fun.
 You've got to holler.
  You've got a holler deck that takes you down to the floor like for it so that you can be there for the invention of cake batter.
 Yeah.
 And like Queen like you could see Queen Frostine getting married and stuff like see if he's pristine's wedding.
 Watch the wars being fought.
  The candy like to get her hand in marriage.
 This is a good we've talked about Candyland stuff before but it that it's sort of serious and like Game of Thrones.
 Yeah we're discovering how Queen Frostine ascended to the throne.
 Someone has pitched that.
 That has been pitched right.
 I don't think so.
 There is a Candyland thing in development.
 They're like what if it's not like that though.
 I mean I bet it's some dumb fart Candyland.
 Yeah it's like a normal PG.
 Oh they all fart in different candy ways.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  With Voight with like the voices of their dislike they'll book whoever's big on the charts right before the movie comes out.
 Right slide Billy Eilish in there.
 Yeah.
 Like she hasn't had a chance to read him.
 Looks like hey watch out Glumpy.
 OK that's good enough.
 No more takes needed.
 Doesn't matter.
 Put her name on the poster.
 Yeah.
  I look can I land in the apple ate a pack of cigarettes.
 Who do you know.
 I don't know these characters well and we should probably do a Candyland episode.
 Yeah.
 Who would do.
 Who would really Eilish be.
 I'm looking at Gloppy is the name of the character.
 I think she would be Princess Lolly.
 That's one of my.
 So there's no way there's glad.
  Excuse me.
 Plumpy and Gloppy.
 Hmm.
 Yeah they're different.
 They're different.
 And of course there's Grandma Nut.
 We of course know Grandma Nut.
 That's one of our favorite characters in fiction.
 King Candy Lord Licorice and Queen Frostine.
 Yeah.
 Those are the ones listed.
 I guess there's other.
 Oh there's like the Duke of Swirl.
 He's like him.
 These guys also.
 Do you have a casting in mind as you look at him like who's the ultimate voice.
 Yeah I guess.
  So one of the Jonas Brothers I guess.
 I'm cool.
 Nick Jonas.
 Yeah.
 I mean Gads in there right.
 He's.
 Oh he's Gloppy.
 Yeah.
 There's Grandma Gooey who's a different character than Grandma Nut.
 What I like about these characters sort of like the characters include different artists have interpreted them over the decades.
 Like there's changes like.
 Oh yeah I forgot all about Jolly.
 I love Jolly.
 Jolly.
 Jolly is a king.
 OK.
 Jolly.
  Jolly is a pimp.
 Jolly rules.
 Jason.
 Jason.
 Yeah I might have to be Jolly.
 Gunnin' for Jolly.
 Gunnin' for Jolly.
 Jolly for Jason.
 Once you've done the CNN retrospective there it'll be like fans will go of course he's Jolly.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
 Who else would be Jolly.
 There's a Buzzy as well.
 Hmm.
  Nobody's taking his clothes.
 He's a vulture.
 Not yet.
 He's a vulture.
 Sprinkles.
 Does that count as sprinkles.
 Well I like sprinkles.
 I mean I like sprinkles.
 I feel like I had it a lot years ago.
 It's like offices.
 If it was someone's birthday or at a party if someone brought sprinkles.
 I never really hunted this stuff out.
 I feel like there was smaller mom and pop kind of cupcake shops that did stay consistent because they didn't expand.
 Yeah.
  Sprinkles I'll say this if you're looking for an affordable snack in downtown Disney pretty much the whole menu is five dollars or under.
 So like if you want something sweet like you can still get like a $4.
95 cupcake.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Fairly price.
 I also I mean the thing you're talking about is that ATM.
 I hadn't done the ATM.
 I walked up to the ATM.
 Slid the card.
 You're watching the video.
 We watched the video with the claw and it picks out the box and then it's.
 You didn't do it there.
 Yeah.
  You didn't do it.
 There's no ATM at the downtown Disney.
 There's not an ATM.
 There's not a cupcake ATM.
 They're famous innovation.
 No.
 There's one in Beverly Hills.
 There's one.
 There's one at the Americana.
 Americana.
 Okay.
 Well this is what I was avoid.
 All right.
 Look some of these stores that are in multiple locations that aren't just at downtown Disney.
 I have gone to other to more to closer establishments that closer iterations of these.
 So yes.
 I  didn't do the sprinkles at downtown Disney.
 I went to the Americana one and this is a little bit of a sore subject and I'll tell you why because we've been doing the series for a couple of days here now for a week or so.
 And there is this I'll say it.
 There's this punk.
 The Americana at brand memes on Twitter.
 I don't know if you guys have noticed this.
 I think I think it's a popular and also funny Twitter account that that's all about.
 It's all devoted to this.
 If you don't  live in L.
A.
 and Glendale there's there's like a fancy mall outdoor shopping center with a trolley in dancing fountains called the Americana at brand.
 And this guy does like you know very funny you know very viral content all devoted to this small.
 And I've always enjoyed the camp.
 We start talking about downtown Disney and this guy's coming after us.
 This guy's given us attitude.
 Is this not getting under your guys skin like it's getting I've seen a little bit of it and like I just I don't care for anyone going after us.
 I mean  we should be untouchable as far as I'm concerned.
 So I hear you and we and that we're so proud we're announcing this thing.
 Yeah.
 And then the first thing he does a emoji of like rolling eyes and we're we're unveiling this series that we've been crafting.
 Yeah.
 Like like artisans building a perfect statue.
 And this guy's given us attitude.
 Every word we say is precise.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is the perfect series about.
 OK.
 Look is he correct that.
  In some ways the Americana is superior to downtown Disney.
 Maybe maybe I don't even want to give him that.
 Yeah.
 Attitude.
 But you know how I feel about it is you know like you know you can make deprecating jokes about your dad or something.
  And then as soon as somebody else comes in and like lays lays it on thicker you're like hey that's my dad.
 Yeah I can do that and you can't.
 Sure.
 That's how I feel about downtown Disney.
 We can make fun of it.
 But this guy pointing out that the  fountain's not as good.
 I mean hey maybe I don't want you know old drunkards from the 50s singing songs at me while water splashes in my face carried by the wind.
 Maybe that's how I feel.
 Yeah.
 Maybe that's true.
  Maybe the trolley gets in the way.
 Yeah.
 Maybe it ruins pedestrian flow.
 Yeah.
 And I like and maybe the the cozier space of downtown Disney is it makes it feel like a more into like you're more part of a community.
  When you're in that much narrower corridor maybe that's better.
 Yeah.
 And also at the Americana there's that one stand that has the it's a potato it's a fries stand and it's got a mascot that looks shitty.
 That is awful.
 Our potato corner.
 Thank you.
 Yes.
  Potato corner.
 Whenever we see that whenever Aaron I see that in the mall this is this is inferior this this this was shit out.
 Yeah.
 On some clip art program in 1997 and they call that they call the Americana some like beautiful shades of Italy kind of place and that potato corner potatoes hanging around.
  Yeah.
 You're never going to see a shit mascot like that at downtown Disney bullshit.
 And and and the other thing he's going to come to us and talk and talk shit about a place that has two Starbucks one that's very convenient and one that has lavish ceilings and it's immaculately themed.
  Yeah.
 This how about the Starbucks count at the Americana.
 Oh there's one in the Barnes and Noble doesn't count Starbucks and Barnes and Nobles are not true.
  Three stories up all the way up.
 You walk and walk and want to chase forever and then it's more expensive and it's just that they technically use the same kind of tea but it's not a proper Starbucks.
 Yeah.
 So don't come at us with us boasting double Starbucks and tell us that we're inferior.
 This Americana memes guy.
 I got to say this guy's this guy's a punk.
 He's a loser.
  And what's that language is familiar.
 He's very bad.
 This guy's very bad.
 He's bad news.
 I call him lousy Americana at brand memes or sometimes a lion as I like to say lion Americana at brand memes.
 How funny you say that because you know what I say.
 Lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.
  Oh wow.
 You know what a phrase.
 Lion doesn't concern himself.
 Are we still the winners in that.
 Yes we're the lions.
 We're higher up on the chain pecking order.
 Yes.
 OK.
 So let me just and I'm sorry to devote time in this episode to calling this guy out but if he's going to come after us then we're going to use our platform and we're going to fight back.
 Come at the king.
 Best not miss.
  I would love to die.
 Love to see you try to respond after what we have the true the true smackdown that we just laid down.
 Good luck.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Plus they hey you guys just they just have a wet souls and a Sephora to it.
 Same thing.
 The end of the day.
 Yeah.
 It's better.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Great.
 Feel good.
 Yeah.
 I got that out of my system.
 And another thing is you know what the Americana doesn't have the void the void the voids across the street.
 A lot of the memes on this account.
  You know these started coming after us in downtown Disney a lot of it is juxtaposing the Americana with the Galleria which is the mall the indoor mall across the street in Glendale.
 He's always putting down the Galleria but the Galleria is the one with the void.
 Yeah.
  We are experienced that I think we're all very fond of.
 There's a lot of good things about the Galleria and it's where you park.
 Yes.
 The Americana man.
 Oh even he'll admit that the target.
 Yeah.
 Walk to the Americana.
 Clearly that's the only way.
 That's the only way.
 Yes.
 He is right about that.
 There's still one glorious locked in 80s architecture at the at the Galleria that I hope never changes.
 Yeah.
 So putting that down too.
 I don't know.
 And but they got they got the void and we went to the void and we had a lot of fun.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We did.
 I mean in full disclosure.
  We did the void not at downtown Disney.
 We did it.
 We did also do it in Galleria.
 Yes.
 But we were stacking we were stacking experiences.
 Well I just don't want to get caught up in a big scandal here because the audience can be very upset with us if we don't be fully honest.
 Well here's the thing.
 They don't run the one of the experiences we had not done.
 Ralph breaks we are they don't run it at night.
 Yes.
 And we were trying to do that in Anaheim.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We're trying to coordinate a bunch of things.
  A bunch of stuff and it didn't work out.
 Would you guys be upset if I said that I called a foreign leadership to try to dig up dirt about Americana brand memes.
 Would I be upset about it.
 No.
 OK.
 That seems that seems OK because if we're talking about potential scandals that all seems all fair in love and podcasting.
 OK.
 OK.
 He doesn't even know there's no podcast though right.
 Well no but we're podcasting.
 We're the we're the OK.
 OK.
 So quit pro quo.
 Quit pro quo.
 It's all fine.
 We're on social media.
  OK.
 Anyway so yes let's be transparent.
 We did not go to the void.
 So I don't know what the voids like.
 But that but they were doing Star Wars secrets of the Empire and we've done that.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Do something different.
 And just by the they only run Ralph in the morning.
  We all wanted to do it together.
 We all wanted to do the children one together.
 We wanted to see Ralph.
 We wanted to see Princess Vanellope.
 Yes.
 And we yeah.
 So we got there at 10 in the morning and we called a friend of ours over to join us.
 Right.
 He skittles scattled across the street and came and hung out with us.
 He's our VR buddy.
 And yeah Ralph breaks VR.
 It's great.
 I really liked it.
 I feel a little weird here.
  We're recommending a thing that is not at most of the void locations now by the time this is coming out.
 But it is still in Orlando.
 So if anybody lives in Orlando you know our Orlando friends and fans.
 Well I'll recommend this.
 Go check it out.
 Well it's there.
 It's a lot of fun.
 And they're cycling stuff in and out.
 Who knows.
 This could pop back up a little bit I think.
 I think.
 I mean they still listed on their website.
 So they're swapping stuff like I think they brought back Ghostbusters and Nicodemus Nicodemus Nicodemus.
  Which I still did not do which I want to do.
 I wish there was Nicodemus that laid on thick.
 Hey my name is Nicodemus.
 Nicodemus.
 I'm I legitimately am too scared.
 I'm not doing any VR horror because you're you're trapped.
 You're.
  It is.
 It seems scary.
 It seems like it'll be a little scary.
 The haptic feedback honestly is kind of the scariest part in a way because it's like that really they can really like molest you with like the vest.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Feel like you're like you really get molested by electricity.
 Yeah.
 It's very invasive.
 You're going through like narrow hallways and small rooms in the void and I don't know.
 I feel like that would just add to the terror.
  Like I know I'm in a room.
 Yeah.
 And this I heard one part I've heard they've used the similar similar trick where like you get separated from your party but obviously you're like actually next to each other in the nicodemus.
 They told us.
 They do that right.
 They well they told us at the void like oh don't come in odd numbers because you will be separate.
  Well that's yeah I don't know.
 I'll do it.
 I still will do it.
 I don't know that.
 Are they running it past Halloween.
 I don't know that they are this year.
 Maybe next.
  We'll see.
 Maybe it's it might be a Halloween institution for them.
 Yeah.
 The void is pretty young and for them to have an iconic character.
 Yes.
 But kind of like it's kind of their chucko.
 They've got a chucko out of the character as iconic as chucko.
 Yeah.
 Iconic and terrifying.
  I'm a nicodemus.
 Oh man.
 But I don't know if I'm going to be just like Chucko.
 I don't want anything to do with him and I don't think I want anything to do with Nicodemus either.
 I don't know.
 Maybe I'll do it first and then make you guys go which I can't but I'll try.
 It's hard.
 It's hard to force us into not only to go there but then to force us into a backpack and yeah.
 Backpack with a lot of clasps.
 What if we what do I trick you into going to the Cheesecake Factory at the Americana first and then like we did like a lot of shots.
  Yeah sure.
 Well maybe.
 I mean you're speaking my language but again I don't know if I want to maybe I got to stay away from the Americana for a little bit.
 Yeah.
 I just like show team loyalty here.
 I hear what you're saying.
 There's got to be we go do that sweet.
 What was the candy store called? Lolly and pops.
 Lolly and pops.
 I take Jason to Lolly and pops and I basically say here whatever your heart desires and I like basically just put my credit card down on the on the counter and then when he has the bag full of candy.
  I snatched the bag of candy away and I put it at the end of the Nicodemus maze.
 Oh at the end.
 I thought you were just going to hit me with a sack and I'd wake up.
 I would hit you with a sack of candy.
 Oh sack.
 OK.
 No I would leave the candy at the end of Nicodemus and say you have to complete Nicodemus in order to get this large bag of bulk candy.
 Yeah.
 You would do that.
 Maybe.
 Yeah.
 This is you.
 I work.
 You're describing an evil scheme.
 This is you.
 This is you.
 Your origin your villain origin story.
 You're becoming.
  Nicodemus Nicodemus right now.
 Nicodemus.
 Micademus Micademus.
 I like Micademus.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'm.
 Geez.
 All right.
 Whoa.
 Demanding with the name.
 God you really are a villain.
 I.
 Well look I obviously as you heard there's a certain type of Halloween event I like now.
 So I am getting a little darker as the days go by.
 Oh so this is you begin.
 This is the turn forming what we thought was just an innocent.
  Incessant mentioning of a love of haunts became.
 Yeah.
 This is your this is your.
 We're watching your Joker.
 That's right.
 You'll be you'll be stomping around on stairs before we know it.
 I already love stomping around on stairs.
 You do.
 Yeah.
 Only the worst people do that.
 Yeah.
 And you should see the weird way in which I dance in front of my mirror.
 You probably like keep your legs down low and like you know you know and you're not embarrassing for like you're not showy about it.
  I'm very showy about it.
 No.
 Yeah.
 You kick your legs way up.
 I kick my legs very high.
 If there's a puddle on the stairs you avoid it.
 Correct.
 Actually I step in it.
 Yeah.
 If there were.
 The song.
 The song rock and roll.
 Yeah.
 Probably stayed at part one.
 You didn't keep going to.
 I'm.
 The scary song rock and roll part two.
 My favorite part.
  Is part two.
 No.
 Yeah.
 That's interesting isn't it.
 You truly are the prince of darkness.
 Yeah.
 Micah Dimas.
 I am Micah Dimas.
 Now now now.
 I'm going thinking about that.
 Great.
 Stop dancing.
 Your dance scares me Mike.
 Micah Dimas.
 I wish I had the rifle that shot milkshakes and pancakes at you like because that is the the Ralph.
  I mean Ralph breaks the Internet hits some of the same beats.
 Yeah.
 As Star Wars secrets of the Empire.
 Except.
 Except your gun.
 You are given a gun.
 Yes.
 I was surprised about.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You have to shoot cats.
 There's like meme cats right.
 Isn't it funny at this.
  This stage is all it's all milkshakes and cakes and sprinkles.
 Yeah.
 All.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is a full treat stage.
 Yeah.
 And you.
 Yeah.
 You just like the star and you can go back and listen to our Star Wars void episode but it's there's this wonderful moment where you reach you reach out to grab a weapon and then it's physically there and they repeat that beat in this regular thing but with this adorable gun that fires either pancakes or.
  Cupcakes or no milkshake milkshakes milkshakes are loved like a grenade launcher and I forgot that this is back and forth.
 Yes.
 And I forgot this is based on a thing that's in the movie where Ralph is going from game to game and going all over the Internet and there's a very like toddler iPad kind of game called pancake milkshake and it seems like a very mellow simple where you're just supposed to slide pancakes go to a bunny and milkshakes go to a kitty.
  And then Ralph gets in there and gives too many pancakes to the bunny and he gets huge and explodes.
 I forgot all of this so that's why with this movie even plays a long time ago now but the way I didn't really like it to begin with but I did like this VR experience and in this scene you're it's this pancake milkshake game has gone amok and there are bunnies and kitties everywhere and they are lunging for you.
  They're cute but you have to stop them by firing treats into their mouths.
 Yeah there's also a pretty neat like space invaders Star Wars like wire frame tie fighter game mashup.
 Yeah.
 Yeah that's my favorite scene I think to a bit too deep style.
 Yeah but but in 3D space.
 Yeah that's where you're separated in this even though you're probably five feet apart but it looks like you're miles away from each other and you're shooting.
 Yeah you're on one platform and then you split so far.
  It's really nuts.
 Yeah and you're like yeah shoot like lobbying lobbying what like I don't know we're shooting in the air you're right.
 Yeah I was shooting at gunship style.
 That area is called Dunderdome.
 So it really as opposed to secrets of the empire which is more of a consistent story.
  This is way more game oriented.
 Yes.
 These two big set piece games especially and then there's sort of some plot scenes that wrap it up and I think then you end up you still have your weapons and you're firing pancakes and milkshakes at security drones and you're like out in the sky of the internet city essentially.
  There's a fun part where Ralph gets like he's like smashed up against your screen and one of the kiddies is banging his head against the wall and the fact that they're able to do silly physical comedy and that it reads in this sort of complicated medium.
  It's just fun to do a kid version of this after the Star Wars one which is much you know scarier and more serious.
 Yeah I mean like Darth Vader like kills a guy on the other on the void and that does not happen on the Wreck of Ralph one which is good.
  There's no murder.
 Yes no murder not a bloody game and it is as I say it's more of a game to the point where you get scores and you can get your wrist and there's scores there.
 I think that was one of our complaints about the which we like the Star Wars a lot but there was no score when you're shooting storm troopers.
  We want to know who did good and who did bad.
 Yeah yeah that's fun.
 It's nice to quantify and I especially liked it because I won.
 I won this game.
 Oh yeah that's right.
 And I don't ever win things like I'm awful at any game that's in 3D space I'm terrible at but I managed to do well.
  You won the Pac-Man game too when we were in Chicago.
 That's right.
 The Pac-Man restaurant.
 The tournament.
 Yeah that's right I'm on a good little streak here.
 Where Pac people turn on each other.
  You eat the ghosts and then you eat each other.
 Yeah yeah yeah until there's nobody left yeah and Pacs turn massive.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 So yeah you're doing fine.
 Feeling pretty good.
 That's why I don't want to break this streak with Nicodemus.
 I don't know if there's any game elements.
 Probably not a game.
 I'm looking for any excuse to not do it.
 How many reasons can I list to not do Nicodemus.
 Right.
 Because you don't want to have that moment where you have to put your hand in the air and have the person pull you out of VR.
 That would happen.
 Yeah.
  That's a different kind of evanishment than Nicodemus is famous for.
 That's right.
 He's a demon of an evanishment I believe.
 Is that the official? Envanishment.
 Is that what it means? Envanishment.
 I think so.
 Yeah I think that's right.
  The void park is open now right? Like to some extent since we've been doing this show.
 Evermore? Yeah real life thing.
 Yeah Listener had gone and was posting pictures.
 I think they're slowly still opening stuff in chunks.
 I think they're building a train.
  Oh really? Neat.
 Where's the media invite? Evermore? Where's the plane tickets? Come to central Utah.
 Where's the free plane tickets and hotel lodging for us? Come on.
 Anyway we'll get out there.
 That's that spirit of Nicodemus.
  I want a free plane trip.
 I must have it.
 I want a media badge.
 I want a thick lanyard.
 Yeah so I'm trying to think a lot of people.
 I feel like people put down Ralph early on which I had not done it but I was kind of pleasantly surprised by some of it.
  It made me think like I kind of was like oh I want to play the game more.
 Like I want to play.
 I almost was like can we be in this room for 10 minutes? Like I'd like to get good at this space invader game.
 Yeah.
 Like that was gone before we were like even got to the hang of it I feel like.
  Yeah I was not sick of being in VR space and you feel like a pro when you've done it once or twice now.
 I don't think that sequel was well received for the most part.
 I liked the first Wreck It Ralph.
 I did.
 I think it was weirdly but I didn't like it.
 The second one? Yeah.
 It got an Oscar nomination.
  I mean it felt a little.
 I felt a little queasy because I kept doing like here's the portals to all of the things we have bought and here's all the princesses together.
 It felt a little like.
 The oh my Disney scene you're referring to? Psychological warfare of like yeah it's good.
 It's good this is happening.
 You all like this.
 Look at the fun version of this that is actually being done in board rooms.
  So I'm looking forward to Wreck It Ralph 3.
 Ralph goes to Disney plus.
 Yeah Ralph pivots the video.
 Oh boy we got Vanellope he's lost we gotta go find her in Apple Dumpling Gang Strikes Again.
 Oh Vanellope he's got.
 Vanellope got eaten by million dollar duck.
  I feel like there were two minutes of this movie that used to be in it but aren't anymore.
 I don't know.
 Is that where Vanellope's hiding? She said she made some new crow friends.
  Is Vanellope in Song of the South? No no no no no she's not.
 Ralph no.
 No Ralph.
 She must be in one of the 32 seasons of The Simpsons.
  The show which I'm also a cast member on now because of the way Synergy works.
 Yes Wreck It Ralph lives with The Simpsons yeah.
 We have to keep it fresh somehow when it's on Disney plus.
 Yeah they lost Maggie and Maggie's room is now where.
  Oh no I was gonna say Flanders took in a border.
  Well you think Homer vaccinates? No way.
 Oh my gosh.
 Oh man.
 Well that is actually pretty cutting.
 That would be fun like any oh man.
  That's the kind of thing that could happen.
 There could have been a The Simpsons episode where Maggie died due to lack of vaccination and we wouldn't know.
  Whatever is happening on The Simpsons is like an eyelet.
 You have no idea what's going on over there.
 Yeah that's true.
 I would believe almost anything.
 Could have happened.
 Yeah.
  There was a disease outbreak and it killed Maggie and every Harry Shearer character.
 They're all gone.
 I'd be like oh yeah okay.
 They have to do something I guess with the show.
 It's gone forever.
  All the characters have a big lay funeral.
 A big what? Lay.
 What is that? Like Lay Show.
 Oh yes.
 You guys don't know Lay Show? Harry Shearer's program.
  I'm very sure Lay Show is not necessarily on the tip of my tongue any given second but I appreciate it.
 That was the kind of dry comedy that you'd find on Lay Show.
  You know my justification is that podcast the ride much like the late great Deadspin is it starts with one topic.
 Deadspin started with sports.
 This started with theme parks but it expands out to include all of our unique interests.
  And you'll know things have turned dark when we start firing each other for not sticking to theme parks.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 I'd like to think there'd be a walk out in solidarity.
  Yeah Jim Spanfeller will buy podcast the ride and tell us to stick to theme parks.
 Oh no we're gonna have a pause.
 Oh no.
 We gotta unionize now.
 Yeah.
 Podcast the ride union.
 Yeah.
 But are you sure you want to do it?  You sure it would be better not to have one? No.
 Mick Ademus is so evil.
 He's breaking the podcast the ride union as soon as it's been mentioned.
 I vote for Joe Biden.
  He's not fully Republican.
 He's more of a centrist.
 Centrist Democrat.
 Sure.
 That's pretty evil.
 That's the kind of evil vote that Mick Ademus would make.
 Well Mick Ademus is real.
 What can I say?  The union is only us right? The audience isn't part of the union.
 No I don't think so.
 No.
 But they can be support.
 They can be like allies the way the unions can support each other.
 But they would hopefully honk at us if they saw us at the street.
 You honk to show support of Stryker.
  We've done a walk out of Mike's apartment.
 Which who's the guy again? Oh Jim Spanfeller.
 Jim Spanfeller has barricaded himself in Mike's apartment.
 He took Edwin.
 He's calling Edwin hostage as a bargaining chip.
 And we're out on the street.
 Hopefully fans will drive by and honk support.
  Also Mick Ademus saw Joe Biden in hell.
 Which is where the sector keeper saw him.
 Oh that's right.
 Early on.
 The sector keeper ran into Joe Biden in hell.
 And that's where Mick Ademus lives.
  The issue is it feels like we've been doing this for months.
 So sometimes it's hard to remember something that happened only a few days ago.
 That's fair.
 That's okay.
 But the listeners obviously all know the references.
 Yes.
 Because it was only a few days ago.
 Because it was only a few days ago.
  Well are we done? I think we're done right? Well we are done I can tell because an item is appearing.
 Oh that's right.
 Oh yay.
 The sector keeper has sent us something I guess gifted from his cousin the level kid.
 I don't know who's getting us the items.
 Some combo.
 They're working together I think.
 Some shared fun.
 They're probably all part of the keepers union.
  Yeah they have to be.
 So this is a gift.
 This is a show.
 A gift of solidarity from the keepers union to the PTR union.
 Yes.
 It is.
 It is a a pint glass made of chocolate chip cookie filled with milkshake and it does look like it's about to give.
 Uh oh.
 So it's a little sloppy.
 And of course there is a sprinkles cupcake floating on top.
 Oh shit.
  Okay so if we better if this thing is going to remain intact to be used in a future boss episode then we have to like we gotta put it on ice.
 It's a time bomb.
 It's a time bomb.
 Yeah really.
 In that case we better wrap up the episode fast.
 Just for the sake of keeping this cookie from oh wait look at all those chips are starting to give.
 Look one popped right out.
 Oh no.
 It's cartoonishly a stream of milkshake is coming out.
  Maybe we can patch it up.
 Here's somebody just hold it with your thumbs.
 Hold it together like BB-8 plugging the holes of that leak in LS Jedi.
 Yeah I mean look if this thing if this thing goes away I will say that if in one of our boss battles we can unleash Micademus.
  We'll just say interesting it's possible to unleash him.
 He's come out a little bit here but I don't know I'm a little afraid of unleashing the power of Micademus I mean I just don't know if he that just seems like a little too.
 Oh well look the that's it.
 It broke it shattered.
  This is our first weapon to not make it out of the episode.
 So a messy pile we can.
 It is now I mean it might be good for something it could make a future villain slip or something but it's just gonna be vapor soon enough so god shit we may have no choice now but with our stockpile slowly receding we may need to unleash the power of Micademus.
  I'm a little more concerned about Micademus and also unhinged beating Scott like what is my alter ego.
 I don't know when am I gonna break.
 I hope you don't find out something grim about yourself as I have.
  I don't love knowing this about myself but if I can maybe make peace with it with the power I have inside me in a Bruce Banner Hulk sort of manner.
 Yeah, and maybe if we can find the correct trigger to just briefly get the side out of me that will beat this shit out of somebody out of an owner CEO of a restaurant shame, which seems to like it's probably what a lot of the bosses are going to be.
  So I don't know let's let's just keep an eye on my powers and reach them.
 The only one it's right.
 You I don't know.
 Are you gonna find out that you don't actually like treats that much.
 Oh my god that would be shocking obviously or maybe I'm like the X man hope who can synthesize other people's power who can like help other people work at their highest potential of their powers.
  That doesn't seem right.
 Okay.
 Fair enough.
 Great improv great support Michael.
 Micademus strikes again.
 Micademus.
 One of his powers is denial.
 We know why Micademus got taken off.
  Here's my new character.
 He's a demon of a guy.
 I know do you have a little a little off that usually do a lot of demon character usually improv shows don't involve someone stepping out and saying here's my new character.
 So thank you.
  Micademus.
 What about a hellion would that be different enough.
 What if you're just plumpy.
 Oh well maybe or gloppy or maybe gloppy.
  We'll see.
 I mean maybe you were right.
 This is his venom his like other side.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'm a little punchy.
 My voice is I'm losing my voice.
 Some for some reason you're losing your hair because you're rubbing your hair.
  You just pull my hair.
 It's going gray.
 My hair out of you.
 Yeah.
 The mic just fell.
 One of these series will make if we keep doing these daily series one of them will make us go bald.
 One of us will lose hair literally.
 Yeah that's true.
  Yeah.
 It's so much work you guys.
 Not so hard to do.
 Feel bad for us.
 Please.
 What are the sacrifice we're making.
 This is all right.
 You too.
 This is all for you.
 All right.
 You.
 We don't do this for any other reason other than you.
 My organs are failing.
  Both of you rest up because by my count there's a boss battle tomorrow.
 Oh no.
 No.
 So will we see the return of Will McAdiemus.
 Will we see dark ass kicking Scott.
 Will we meet Glumpy your plumpy.
 Is that right.
 Or gloppy.
 Gloppy.
 All the E's.
 Tune in to find out what happens in tomorrow's boss battle.
 It could be a harrowing one.
  And for more of the downtown Disney ordeal follow us on Twitter Instagram and Facebook.
 Remember may remember it's hashtag DDD.
 Oh now.
 Does the district ordeal but we're not changing the main name of the show.
 Hashtag save the level keeper hashtag sector keeper.
  Cricket wireless severance tweet that at cricket wireless and not at us.
 At us please.
 And three bonus episodes every month always.
 If you subscribe to podcast the ride the second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast the ride.
  So tune in tomorrow.
 The power of Nick Ademus.
 McAdemus compels you.
  Forever.
  Dog.
 This has been a forever dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts please visit forever dog podcasts dot com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
