 Forever.
.
.
 .
.
.
Dark!  Darkness falls out on the street, Evil is its head.
  Get your crazy shake to go, And your fried doughnut bread.
  Beignets.
  The villains threaten this sacred place, This downtown shopping mall.
  We must defend the Lego store, And the Splitsville bowling balls.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, We must protect our AP discount meals.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, With secrets does the Earl of Sandwich conceal.
  Boys, boys, my cousin has been taken by evil forces that have inhabited Downtown Disney.
  In order to find them, he will need to thoroughly discuss every aspect of them all.
  Stores, restaurants, both of the Starbucks.
  We have 15 daily very necessary episodes and much to do so.
 I will be there to guide you and keep your conversations from getting too off topic for.
.
.
 .
.
.
boring.
  The Downtown Disney ordeal.
 Why do we do this to ourselves?  And so it is, and here we are.
 Podcast the Ride, the Downtown Disney ordeal.
  You've waited for it.
 You've pleaded for it.
 And now the day has arrived.
 I'm Scott Gardner.
 I'm joined by Mike Carlson.
  Hello.
  It's even, it's hard to even muster the energy to even say the initial words, knowing that we have to pace ourselves and how much is ahead of us.
  I also just feel the importance of what we're doing today too.
 That's sort of weighing on me.
  Extremely.
 When you're renewing a franchise and taking it to the next level.
  Yeah.
  And trying to top it, but the mall that you're covering is inherently more boring.
  Yes.
  I could be wrong.
 Let me, before anyone disagrees, Jason Sheridan.
 Thank God is here on this journey as well.
  Yes.
 I have poked in product, begged and badgered not to do this.
 And yes, we, the call has been answered.
  We are rising to the challenge.
  Sivako.
  Sivako.
  Sivako, you would say.
  To yes, examine a more sterile, less, slightly less chaotic and more inconvenient to visit.
  Yes.
  Outdoor pedestrian mall.
  So yes, what Jason is referring to is that if you're newer to the podcast, last year we did a 19 part series on universal Hollywood city walk, which is their outdoor shopping mall, which has things like the Hard Rock Cafe,  indoor skydiving, massage water coffins.
  Massage.
 It's like a massage parlor, but they're, it's a robot doing it essentially.
  And all crepe place and all sock place.
 All of these inherently odd things.
 And we entered into it thinking this is a big waste of time.
 People won't be into this.
 We discovered so much exciting info.
  Yeah.
  There's so much to talk about.
 And now we are covering something that is just literally Bezier.
  It's a lot of Bezier.
  It's Blander.
  It's downtown Disney.
  It's downtown Disney in Anaheim.
 And let's qualify that because there is of course a downtown Disney in Orlando as well.
  Which is where the name initially came from.
  What's that?  There is no longer.
  It's not downtown Disney anymore?  It's Disney Springs.
  All of it is Disney Springs?  All of it is Disney Springs.
  There's not even that section is not even downtown Disney.
  Right.
 They don't say that anymore.
 It's downtown Disney Springs.
 Not downtown Disney Springs.
 It's just Disney Springs.
  Then wrong am I? I didn't know that.
 I thought the districts were still in play.
  There are districts.
  There's no West Side.
 There's no.
  Honestly, I didn't do a lot of research on that part of the world.
  Yeah, there are demarcations, but the distracting thing about Disney Springs is it's good.
  It's good.
  Yes, and there's a house style.
  They did actually update to the way that shopping centers should be.
  These sort of open air farmers markets, artisans bringing their craft to life.
  Downtown Disney Anaheim is still stuck in this odd plastic.
 It is parts of it feel like original California adventure.
  Yes, parts of it are like rustic and like the Grand California hotel, but only some there's hideous fonts left and right.
  Yeah, some very on trend stuff.
 Some very like now stuff.
  Sure.
 Some next to just a Wetzel's pretzels and an uva bar.
  Sure.
 Well, I have no issue with the uva bar.
 I'll say that right now.
  This has always been the centerpiece, the heart.
  But the rest of it, I think what we're saying is we're battling a much different enemy this time.
  Yes.
  And the strategies that got us through the last battle may not apply this time.
  We have to change our skills, develop new skills.
  And luckily, there is one component of this that is consistent from the City Walk saga to the downtown Disney ordeal.
  And the most crucial element of all that we have the support of our dear friend and our guide through this area.
  Ladies and gentlemen, he's here again.
 The Sector Keeper.
  Boys, boys.
  He is back.
 I haven't seen him for a little bit.
  He materialized at our 100th episode live show to save us from the clutches of Bugsy.
  Thank you once again.
 Bad man.
 Bad man.
  He's Hugsy now who is confusing.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I would have to agree.
  So, yeah, again, this is for if you're newer to the podcast, the City Walk saga brought us the Sector Keeper.
  He's basically the ghost of a little boy who passed away in the fountain of a staph infection.
  And he was sort of in charge of keeping the sectors in order at City Walk.
  So he would make sure that when we were discussing and reviewing the different stores, he would make sure that we were only reviewing the Hard Rock in Sector.
  Let's say it was 14 and the Hard Rock gift shop in, let's say, Sector.
  Separate.
 Yes.
  So he would keep all of that separate.
  We met him there and he helped guide us along the way.
  And now he is back to help us on this journey.
  Not just Guardian.
 Friend.
  Yes.
 Well, that's how we feel too.
  We went through a lot together.
  On the stage included.
  And yeah, I feel like we've ascended to a different level of the relationship.
  That being said, we've all been busy.
  I just haven't gotten a chance to see you lately.
  Things going good?  Things have been better.
  Oh, no.
  When we last saw you, you were working at a Cricket Wireless for low pay in a really bad parking.
  Yeah.
  They cut my hours.
  Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.
  The writing was on the wall.
  Yeah.
 You know what?  Sometimes like when you get fired, it's sort of a blessing.
  I mean, I'm not saying you're fired.
  I'm so sorry.
  That might not happen.
  No, no, no.
  Well, they use the term laid off.
  Yeah.
 Laid off.
  When you're laid off, sometimes it's like no severance.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Was it I think like that sort of type of place maybe doesn't give you like a nice severance package when you leave or they don't dress it up either.
  It's like this is this is not gone your way.
  No.
 Huh.
 Huh.
  Also, since we freed you like six things have closed its city walk that we touched on in the saga.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  And how the moon is just announced that it was closing.
  Oh, boy.
  Yeah.
  What is that?  So sorry.
  Sorry to tell you like this.
  We don't want to make you sicker.
  I know you love all of these places so much.
  But yeah, forget what else.
  Santa.
  He does didn't know.
  Yeah, now it is open and it's a fun party.
  I was I ate there right before.
  They remodeled the fountain that plunged you into your your, you know, purgatorial state.
  So it might be safer.
  It might have been cleaned, might be more disease free.
  And maybe there aren't future children who will end up bearing your burden.
  Some say it's not up to the children, but up to the negligent parents.
  Would you would you say that in your state have you now?  But now that you're free and you've had I don't know if you've been to therapy, if you've used any of the real world coping skills now at your disposal.
  I lost my insurance when I was fired.
  OK.
  Yes.
  Not spending that on.
  So you're you're dealing with all this all on your lonesome.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Do you do you blame your parents?  Some days, yes.
  Some days, no.
  Yeah, that's healthy, I think.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, it's OK.
  You know, some days you get that anger, some days you don't.
  Right.
 Right.
  Yeah.
  That's what sort of a therapist would say, I think.
  Yes.
  Are you therapist?  No, I don't think I just sort of I'm a podcaster with like kind of an open heart.
  I feel like that's sort of my thing.
  It's close.
  I mean, getting together, getting in a room and having a conversation, it's you know, podcasting like a therapy session.
  Yeah.
  So if you're ever bummed out about anything or need to process anything about your admittedly complicated past, we're here for you.
  Yeah.
  Thank you.
  Jason's gotten a lot better since doing podcasting.
  Just mentally.
  Yeah.
  Also in therapy.
  The Joker laugh comes out of his mouth.
  Please do not even bring up the dreaded clown prince of crime, Michael.
  All right.
  I won't.
  So, sector keeper, since you talk about your health, I would suggest if you could stop jewel, you have been jeweling pretty much since you came in here.
  And we have a lot of work to do.
  It's really muggy in here now.
  If you could go easy on the jewel.
  Mango mint.
  Mango.
  Oh.
  Waivers don't go together.
  That's disgusting.
  You got stockpiled.
  They're taking the mango off the market.
  Mango mint.
  Yes, I stockpiled them.
  I would trade.
  I would work extra shifts at cricket and Toby would hook me up.
  Toby.
  Toby sounds like a bad influence.
  Yeah, you may want to stay away from him.
  I hope the job will keep you away from Toby necessarily.
  Like, don't keep hanging out with the guy.
  Toby wasn't arrested.
  Oh, shit.
  I mean, sounds good.
  You're still like you're under 18.
  You've aged since we saw you, but you're still under 18.
  So you shouldn't be giving you jewel.
  That is not a twitch that a child is supposed to have.
  An adolescent is supposed to have.
  Are you getting sick again?  Oh, okay.
  Please don't blast plumes.
  We have a lot to do today.
  I think a lot of people are going to ask me,  do I have to listen to all 19 episodes of the City Walk Saga before listening to the Downtown Disney ordeal?  And my answer would be yes.
  Of course.
  I would say that right now it's going to make it a lot more rich for you of listening experience  if you've listened to all 19 City Walk episodes.
  For sure.
  And I would say if you use a different lens to look at it, you get to listen to all 19.
  What?  Therapy language.
  Therapy language.
  Yeah, it's a gift.
  It's a blessing.
  He's better.
  Jason is better.
  That's the biggest jump that you'll notice from City Walk Saga to Downtown Disney ordeal is Jason's improved attitude.
  How much better Jason is since Downtown Disney?  The listener is going, this is better?  Better still includes doing a many days in a row podcast series about a mall that is not that themed next to a theme park.
  Yes.
  In eight years when we're doing the restaurants outside of Dollywood, Jason's going to be so much better.
  Yeah.
  He's going to be almost perfect at that point.
  I will be involved beyond my corporeal form.
  I will just be a floating gaseous state, a consciousness in a cloud of gas.
  So we'll have two supernatural beings as part of the.
.
.
  Yeah.
  And maybe all hopefully start to.
.
.
  One of us will be tied for.
.
.
  We'll be vying to leave our human forms.
  But by the time, yeah, when we're doing.
.
.
  When we're doing like if there is like a Wendy's outside of Silver Dollar City and we have to do four episodes with a single Wendy's, will we still be humans?  Yeah, spicy nugs are back.
  Now that being said, we're talking about episode count.
  And okay, the last series was 19 parts.
  And it seems like we all together have found a verdict on how many parts we're going to cover downtown Disney in.
  And the number is 15.
  Levels.
  Oh, yes.
  Well, hey, well, there's that too.
  That's the technical way to describe it.
  I'm just really happy that we're dealing with it in 15 parts as opposed.
.
.
  I think we're getting off easier this time.
  This is great news to me.
  I was so scared that the thing would be to notch it up and like more is going to be crazy.
  But there's a little less here, I have to say.
  It seems like there's less here.
  It seems like there's just no way we could possibly kill a ton of time talking about any of this.
  No, no, absolutely not.
  No, got to reduce this.
  Got to have some life left.
  Jason doesn't have 90 minutes on salt and straw.
  No.
  90 minutes of iron.
  180 minutes.
  Just on the name.
  But, Sector Keeper, you're right.
  I'm glad you're anxious to talk about it.
  We are formatting this in a little bit of a different fact.
  By now you've heard our theme song that outlined a little bit of the way this is going to go.
  Right.
  And so it's not.
.
.
  You know, it's interesting you're here and you're the Sector Keeper because we aren't dealing with this in sectors anymore.
  No, levels.
  Levels.
 The new thing is levels.
  Levels and stages.
  Okay, yes.
 Levels and stages.
 And now it's.
.
.
  Very understandable.
  Yes, yeah, got it.
  And we'll post something on the Twitter that lays out how this is going to work.
  So it's 15 episodes, all told, and they are broken into levels and stages.
  I'm a little confused about which is level and which is stage.
  Well, here's the.
.
.
 You know, you think of your Mario 1, the first Mario game.
  It would be world like 1-1, 1-2.
  Levels and stages, it's a little bit unclear what you call that second part of the world.
  You know, what is that? Dash 2.
 Is that a stage?  I think that's the level.
 I think it's world 1, level 1.
  Right? World 1, level 1.
  So you're saying maybe we've screwed up already and we should have not.
  You know what? We can't go back.
  When the sector keeper sets rules, then that's what we're doing.
  So you're right.
 It should have probably been when we were organizing this world 1, level 1.
  But instead it's level 1, stage 1.
  So the levels now are the worlds.
  The stages are the worlds.
  Stages are levels.
  That's right.
  Wait, no, no, no.
 I got that order wrong.
  Levels are.
.
.
 Worlds are levels.
  Worlds are levels to us.
  Levels are stages to us.
  Correct.
  No, no, no.
 I know.
  He's getting bored.
  It's convoluted.
 We'll keep moving.
  Sorry.
 I choked on my jewel.
  That's what's going to happen to you.
 I'm worried about you.
  By the way, okay, so we're going to do all of these stages and levels.
  What is the point? Are we rescuing you again? Did you fall into a fountain again?  And if so, why? Come on.
 Keep yourself in line.
  You know what happened last time.
 You're older now.
 You should be more responsible.
  It's much more dire, boys.
  Oh, shit.
  There are evil spirits.
  Oh, no.
 Evil spirits?  Downtown Disney has been infiltrated, boys.
  No, not our precious.
.
.
 What?  I thought we were just going to talk about like a sandal store.
  There's evil spirits around?  And it's captured.
.
.
  The level keeper.
  Oh, no.
 The level keeper.
  The level keeper.
  My cousin, the level keeper.
  Oh, no.
  Your cousin? He was my best friend.
  That's nice.
 I mean, it's nice when cousins can have relationships.
  And I'm sure you were very fond of the level keeper, but like.
.
.
  Well, it was easier geographically because we lived near each other.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, sure.
 If you're across the country cousins, that connection's maybe not going to happen.
  Oh, that's nice.
 Okay.
  Yes, he's been captured.
  Oh, no.
 And he or she, I don't even want to suppose, like a good person.
  It's hard for us to be invested not knowing.
 We know you.
 We wanted to save you.
  Good cousin.
  Good cousin.
  Good cousin.
  And an actual cousin, not like in mob movies where they say the cousins are coming over from Italy to help us out.
  Actual cousin.
  Actual cousin, okay.
 All right.
 Not a hitman, not an international hitman scenario.
 Got it.
  Yes, yes.
 And so you all need to clear each level, beat each stage, dominate each world.
  Wait, where is the level keeper? Why aren't they telling us this stuff?  They're captured.
 They're captured.
 They're captured.
  Jason, are you using a jewel over there? Are you distracted by your own jewel?  Just a little.
  This one's glasses fogged up when we mentioned salt and straw.
  His ears started slowly venting steam, not fast like a cartoon, and it filled him up.
 That's why he didn't hear.
  All right, look, I got a real rare.
 I got one of the last ones of those black market ones that's killing all those people.
  The jewel?  Yeah, I spent a lot of money on this thing.
  You want it? You want to prove you can survive?  It's rare.
  Yeah, but if it's rare.
  I don't know how I have to explain this.
  Well, you're in collect-em-all mentality already, which I guess we have to be to do this thing.
  I mean, it'll come in handy with some of these stores.
  Oh, sure.
 Yeah.
  My jewel looks like Pokemon.
  That's nice.
 That's good.
  You've attained your child interests.
  You're sort of like, I feel like you're, because we left it at kind of like you've entered a teenage state.
  It seems like you're sort of like, I want to say it's a puberty situation because sometimes I talk to you and you seem like real young,  and sometimes you seem like you're like your full-on raging angst-addled teen.
  Is that, do you feel like, is it kind of that feeling where you wake up feeling a little different every day?  Sure.
 Yeah.
 Ghost hormones are more intense than regular hormones.
  So I feel everything at a, if you feel it at a 10 as a teenager, I feel it at a 10 to the 10th power.
  Oh my God.
 Literally exponential.
  Yes, my hormones are exponential.
  Geez.
 So you having feelings like the good boys of the movie Good Boy, like going through,  like having to thinking about like your first makeout session or whatever is 10 times more stressful than it would be for the good boys.
  Oh, good boys.
 Yeah.
  You related to good boys.
  Yeah.
 I want to see it, but I can't go get in.
 Will you take me to good boys?  Oh, are we allowed to do that? I guess we are.
  I guess so.
  You're with an older person.
 We're older.
  Yeah.
 I mean, you're already 30 year olds hanging out with a little boy.
  He's got a good point.
 Yeah, that's true.
  Yeah.
 If we're on a list already, we're, I mean, then we're on the list.
  Yeah, that's true.
 We're never getting off the list.
 So, I mean, I guess so.
  Let's promise each other that once we rescue my cousin, the level keeper will go see good boys or rent it if it's not still in theaters.
  So that's the reward.
 That's what we get at the end of all this is a trip to we get to take get to I guess I need to need one of those lenses, Jason.
  We get to take you to see this movie that we don't really care about either way.
 Yeah.
  That's a yes.
 I guess that's a yes.
 Well, boy, the stakes could not be higher.
 A cousin who is the level keeper.
  I mean, I guess I'd like to meet.
 I'm fond of you as a keeper, so I'd like to meet the level keeper too.
  So please clear each level master, master each stage.
 OK.
  And once you discuss and review each of those, you will get closer to rescuing my cousin, the level keeper.
  OK.
 And you will earn a great reward.
  All right.
 OK.
 This sounds doable.
 But what is it? OK.
 So stages each episode is a stage and then three.
  If I'm getting it right, three episodes, three stages together comprise a level.
  But when the level is done, so then just that's the level we're done on level.
  Like, yeah, is it like is it like a video game or is there we're not like a risk?  I guess we're sort of rescuing a princess at the end of the whole thing, but it's possible that at the end of a level that the level keeper is in that has been in that level.
  Yes, you will clear each stage.
 Yeah.
  And then at the end of each level, there is a boss.
 Oh, my goodness.
  I here I went thinking it was going to be simple.
 This is walking in a Raider store and touching a rich Ganon jersey.
  There is now a boss.
 Oh, my.
 Interesting enough, Ganon is a boss in the Zelda.
  Zelda.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So it's all a little Zelda.
  Yeah.
 This is a much more dangerous ordeal.
 Oh, my God.
 Right.
  And it I mean, it really ups the stakes every three episodes.
  We have to face some greater some greater villain or demon.
 Right.
  I'm so curious what those are going to be.
 We'll have to find out, I guess.
  I guess the only way I mean, it must be things that are happening within these within these stores.
  Boys, boys, you will help.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  We're in.
 We're in.
 I mean, the more I hear, the more I just feel like it's going to be a pain in the ass.
  So just forgive me for, you know, I'm just trying to process like, oh, God, now it's bosses.
  I don't I'm sure your cousin's very nice.
 But no, no, I mean, I mean, we're in.
  We're in.
 We're in.
 We're in.
 We're in.
 We're in.
 We're in this ordeal together.
 Yes.
  OK.
 OK.
 Thank you, boys.
 Thank you.
 Absolutely.
  So we just have to rate.
 We have to talk about review things.
  All the different levels and stages.
 Yes.
 And then beat the bosses and beat the bosses.
  Is that also by just adequately reviewing and discussing?  Yeah, that'll do it.
 OK.
 OK.
  But just like extra good, like in the way that a boss at the end of a video game is just like you have to do all the stuff you did.
  But like, right.
 More.
 We really got to dig in.
 Yes.
 OK.
 OK.
  Well, your mediocre enthusiasm gives me strength.
  Hey, that's enough.
 OK.
 I mean, I get it.
  You're less invested on this one.
 It's not your hometown.
  It's not a hometown game.
 Is that it for today? Are we good? Are we are you letting us go now?  No, boys.
 Are we getting started? It begins today.
  Oh, man.
 This is not just an intro.
  This is the first level, the first stage.
  Boys, boys, stage one level one.
  Where are we going? What is it?  Which which things do we have to talk about?  Before you say it all.
 So can I just ask, like, OK, I know what's in downtown Disney, right?  And I'm picturing it and there's like the sandal thing and then a bar and then like, you know, like, well, like, like the pin place.
  OK, so that's all we can cover all that.
 That's fine.
 But do we at least get to go to like because you know what I love is like the Grand California  Hotel and the big, you know, the hearthstone bar and you get to sit over.
  No out of bounds out of OK.
  Oh, so we don't tell us no amusement parks, not eat, not the hotels.
  That's good.
 No hotels.
 That's good.
 Because I didn't want to do that.
  I thought the hotels are too interesting here.
 So actually, I'm very excited.
  We're saving it.
 You know, Jason likes the rule.
  I like this rule.
 No Trader Sam.
 No Trader Sam.
 No Trader Sam.
  Yeah, OK.
 I guess it's not technically in downtown Disney.
  So that's true.
 But like, couldn't we have like I mean, the whole also the Universal hotels were not part of a city walk.
  Yeah, that's true.
 But the boundaries are clear.
  All right.
 Yeah.
 Metal detectors you walk through in the Honda minivan that has a Star Wars Galaxy Edge decal on it.
  Oh, OK.
 That's fair.
 Wait, they're in.
 That is the those are the boundaries.
  OK, OK.
 Oh, gosh.
 And parked by the La Brea like outdoor seating it like right next to.
  Oh, so does that mean we do or don't talk about you're talking about the Star Wars Galaxy's Edge Honda?  Oh, no.
 I don't see any research on the Honda.
 I didn't do research either.
  I just saw the name.
 It's the gal.
 It's the Star Wars Galaxy's Edge Honda Odyssey Elite is.
  Are we talking about that or not? That is the furthest bound that way.
  And the other bound, I guess we have to.
  But a bound is that we talk about it or is a bound that that's where we don't.
  It's like the Continental Divide.
 It's a line on a map.
 Yes.
 What he said.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 That actually didn't answer the question.
 Well, from West.
  Are we talking about the car or not? West of the car.
  OK, water flows one way and that is where downtown Disney flows east of the car becomes the Esplanade.
  Hmm.
 I'm also I'll turn around because, OK, north south north south is Disneyland.
  OK, so we're starting east.
 No, no talking about this.
  OK, no, no, no, no, I wouldn't.
 I'm just just to like directionally put me there.
  I just know that's a north south park.
 OK, other that's the last we'll ever talk about Disneyland.
  Yeah, sure.
 I swear.
 No rides, no rides there.
 And there is not one ride anywhere in the city.
  What kind of as a ride? Oh, OK.
  Why don't you tell us what's in where we age one that's level one and stage one level one.
  The other way level one stage one level one stage one level one stage one.
  One Labreah Bakery Express, the Brea Bakery Cafe and World of Disney.
  OK, OK, so we're starting from that side as if we were leaving a fun day at the places we're not going to mention.
  Yes, we're leaving our journey behind a minivan.
 OK, so we covered that.
  Good.
 Yeah, it says it says like hashtag Honda Disneyland.
  I believe that's all I got to say about that.
  Leaving the borders behind.
 Yeah.
 And Esplanade isn't in there.
  Esplanade doesn't count.
 No, no, we're not talking about that.
  This is not we'll do a separate Esplanade.
 Yeah.
  The Esplanade encounter.
 OK, so we're heading into we're heading into downtown.
  I guess we should talk a little too about downtown Disney in general, which opened a little prior of California Adventure January 2001.
  The name taken from what I now know is no longer used in Orlando, but they were using that name there first.
  Yep.
 And it is open in January, I believe.
  Can I just read a little? There's something I'm going to pull out every once in a while.
  My old I like to consult my old magazines.
  They got to be good for something.
 And I have a spring 2001 special collectors issue of Disney magazine.
  The you know, the the four four times a year magazine that I a teenager,  a 15 year old had a bunch of Disney ads delivered to my home that I couldn't read when it was lent.
  I had to be sad about Jesus.
  So this is this is an issue that gives a big preview of California Adventure and what it's going to be.
  But I'm going to skip all of those pages and go to the two page spread about downtown Disney just so I can like  because if we're doing a little overview, let me let's let me go to how they were presenting it.
  This this whole place in 2001.
 Tell me, agree or disagree.
  Downtown Disney, an entertainment district between the new park and Disneyland is a descendant of European leisure parks like the charming Tivoli Gardens in Denmark.
  Huh? Sure.
 Downtown's designers were especially impressed with the way  landscapers filled these parks with flowers to provide urbanites with romantic escapes in the center of dense cities.
  Imagineers wedded old world ambiance with contemporary American energy.
  Does that feel like an accurate description of what we were going to talk about for?  No, no, no.
 There are some Tivoli Gardens.
  It's pretty elevated.
 Yes.
  There's flowers in there.
 There's a tree or two.
  They've kind of gotten more a little more the last few years with flower sculpture.
  To be fair, though, I wasn't there until 2007.
  So perhaps when it opened, it really was like Tivoli Gardens.
  I can I was there probably in 2002 and I can attest that it was not.
  OK, I think anywhere with an ESPN zone therefore cannot be that much like Tivoli Gardens.
  And I was dead.
 And you were dead.
  Yeah, that was established.
 That was during your limbo.
  So you missed all the great ESPN anchors.
 You missed the Obermann.
  Tivoli Garden is a known thing.
  It's a park.
 It's in Copenhagen.
  Yeah.
 And you're up and it started as like a park decades ago and stuff and slowly built out the attraction.
  It helps inspire Disneyland.
 I hate to talk about it, but I do hate talking about it.
  Waltz went to Tivoli Gardens and it was this kind of lush storybook place.
  Yeah.
 And so Disneyland was supposed to be a little bit like that.
  A lot more greenery, landscape architecture, garden follies.
  Garden, garden, little little like a mishaps.
  No.
 Well, that's what see that's what people thought was funny back that like little statues or fake building castle like buildings and stuff.
  And they were whimsical.
 They were whimsical.
  They don't serve a purpose.
 They're purely for decoration.
 It's called a folly.
  Oh, you pointed a little castle and laugh.
  Yeah, basically, I think that's what they were implying because it wasn't really a castle.
  So glad I didn't live in the past.
  I saw it went to like you've never pointed a castle and laughed.
  What a folly.
  I went to a DuPont estate last year in Delaware, like around Christmas time.
  And the guy kept talking about the follies.
  There's these little these little things, these little like pagoda like shed sort of things.
  And they called them follies.
 And this still exists in like parks and their little novelties.
  They're a little like, oh, isn't that the definition of the second definition of folly is a costly ornamental building with no practical purpose.
  Yeah, especially a tower or mock gothic ruin built in a large garden or park.
  Yeah.
 The big emphasis is it serves no purpose.
  It's so really decorated.
  It's a silly building.
 Yeah, the building was upside down, say that would be a folly.
  That would be a folly folly.
  Is this is every is all of Disneyland follies because the castle is for fun.
  Yeah.
 But if it's a yeah, does walking through Sleeping Beauty's castle mean that there's no practical purpose for it because it's just a frivolous experience or is that a deep meaningful thing?  So thus, it's not a folly.
  Well, that brings us back to the simulation and simulacrum.
 You know, this is a whole other thing.
  Anyway, back to the Tivoli Gardens of Anaheim.
  Is a miniature golf course is all are all of those things.
  I think you could describe as well.
  But if you need to get the ball through the bottom of the castle, then it does serve a purpose.
  But if it's if it's a hole that's purely decorative, sometimes there's just a castle for show or like Humpty Dumpty for show as opposed to a simple machine like some sort of doodad.
  So if it was like you had to get the ball in a hippo's mouth and then it were to shit the ball out that his butt that I think that would be practical and he's not folly function.
  But if it's just a function hippo watching you hippo statue watching you golf from the side that I think you would call could call a folly frivolous.
  Our most fun invention yet.
  The game folly or not folly.
  Everyone's playing it.
  If we had to go to the other side of the day, let's let's go over to the west side and just past the boundaries is that big sorcerer's hat that marks the beginning of the Disneyland Hotel.
  Folly folly, right?  I based on that definition that it doesn't serve a practical purpose besides decoration.
  But if you say it's raining and you're standing under it and it's protecting you from the rain, that is a practical purpose full of holes, though, like big open line.
  Good point.
  Okay.
  What are you?  What do you mean?  This is a good conversation.
  Boys.
  Yeah.
  What do we have?  We're level with this.
  You shouldn't.
  You should know that my coughs are not because I am weak.
  My coughs are because I'm taking drags of my mango mint jewel and I'm taking those because I'm stressed because I've just received a text message from the level keeper.
  Oh my God.
  I thought this is a more otherworldly.
  This is used to a cricket wireless phone that I slipped him being kidnapped.
  Oh my God.
  Okay.
  Oh, good.
  Well, this will help us get to know him or her.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  They said, keep moving.
  Moving along.
  So they're weak.
  They're getting weak.
  They're getting weak.
  Yes.
  So they also through that burner phone or hearing us right now.
  Basically, yes, I'm in contact with them.
  You're just like, keep texting them.
  Just like, yeah, they're talking about follies.
  They have only have so many, they have a limited text message plan.
  Oh, sure.
  Yeah.
  You still make it 90 a month.
  It's prepaid, baby.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  So we have to keep these communications really concise.
  I guess let's just keep moving west.
  Let's start with Libraea Bakery Express.
  Oh, man.
  To kick it off.
  Yeah.
  I used to go here for breakfast a lot when I went to the parks.
  I feel like I have sank a lot of money before I bought Cliff Bars, before I learned about  Cliff Bars.
  The distinction between the cafe and the express is that there is a sit down area toward the  right of the building.
  Am I wrong?  There's sit down areas outside of both parts.
  Right.
  But the left one is for express.
  Am I wrong?  Yes.
  That's correct.
  It's an outdoor seating patio.
  But remember, we're confused about West and East.
  It's a good point.
  The East on the East is the seating for the Libraea Bakery Express.
  You're looking at the Libraea Bakery complex.
  You're facing the door.
  When you're facing the door.
  To the left is the express.
  A quick service.
  You go through, you pick out some baked goods.
  If you want a breakfast burrito or croissant sandwich and you pay, you get coffee and then  you sit outside.
  It's very pleasant.
  Yes.
  I like it.
  Libraea Bakery has been here since the beginning, right?  Yes.
  Is that correct?  That's an original member.
  It's not changed.
  I think I would call it like a rock solid.
  I would call it a solid place.
  And an LA institution.
  The original one opened on Libraea in Los Angeles in 1989 by Nancy Silverton.
  Profiled in a chef's table.
  There's a chef's table.
  Yes.
  Because she went on to do Mozza.
  Yes.
  And Libraea Bakery originally opened two supply bread for a restaurant called Campanile, which  closed in 2012.
  A Jane's Beard Award winner that Nancy Silverton and her husband also opened.
  But Libraea Bakery beat it by six months and then became this kind of Southern California  institution.
  They were just bread slaves for Campanile and then they busted out and replaced and  crushed Campanile.
  Yeah.
  And now you can find Libraea Bakery stuff like everywhere.
  Grocery stores and airports.
  Is it worldwide?  I don't know how far it goes.
  But you find a lot of places here.
  As I was reading about it, I was like, man, they should have had more of this in the California  Adventure Park, but it may have been competing with Boodwin Bakery from San Francisco.
  The San Bernardino.
  Yeah.
  I think maybe.
  Yeah.
  They had a massive Papa Steve's joint.
  Right.
  So Papa Steve probably wanted to keep Libraea out.
  That was part of the deal.
  Probably.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Do you think there was a turf war between Nancy Silverton and Papa Steve?  Yeah, they hate each other.
  There's no doubt about it.
  They gotta hate each other.
  It's a shame they both make good bread.
  Papa Steve's last words.
  Fuck Nancy Silverton.
  There was a whole mob bread war going on between the two companies, maybe?  Because I would assume it's a competitive field.
  Everything's competitive when you're talking about retail bread.
  I would think so.
  Yeah.
  Do you think they built bread bombs and tried to infiltrate each other's buildings?  I think a bread bowl contains a bomb very easily.
  Let alone a bread box if you really want to cause some damage.
  That's the sneaking the prison escape tools scene in the movie of the future is, and it's  not a cake anymore because now prison guards are looking out for knives and cakes.
  They put a bomb in a bread bowl.
  Put a bomb in a bread bowl.
  It's what really they should have Ma Beagle do on the new DuckTales when she's trying  to break her Beagle boys out of prison.
  DuckTales, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Do you know the new one or the old one, Sector Keeper?  New one?  There's a new one.
  Yeah, there's a new one in the last couple of years.
  Although maybe you don't know about the old one or maybe no, you do know about the old  one.
  Yeah, I love the old one.
  One thing you should know is that when you were frozen in time, everything now is a new  version of something from when you were frozen in time.
  Why?  I don't know.
  Everyone decided that those things do better even though that's not accurate and has been  proven inaccurate many, many, many times.
  But yeah, if you like something, chances are there has been a new version that's been canceled  already.
  There's going to be a new version or there's currently a new version on the air or in theaters.
  Why?  Well, I think at the end of history, you don't need to make a new history.
  You're just running out the clock waiting for it to wrap up, right?  That's sort of a philosophical answer, I think.
  The answer I would give is that it's a conservative way for corporations to feel safe in making  decisions about new shows and movies.
  Do you know about private equity?  You know what?  It's too much to get into now.
  A lot of fear based stuff going on nowadays.
  I ate at 8 a.
m.
 a scrambled eggs, bacon, potato and sourdough platter from La Brea Express.
  At 8 a.
m.
 today?  No, that would be really good if I-  It went down there, but yeah, what a surprise.
  And it was right before the park opened and it was fine.
  I'll say it was fine.
  I feel like it wasn't anything special, maybe.
  I think we should establish the drinking game with this series that when we say fine, you  take a shot.
  Yeah.
  Reliable though.
  Like starting your day off.
  You mean you won't see-  It was filling.
  There won't be a bug in your meal.
  I don't know.
  I didn't think he'd do that.
  The bread's good.
  The baked goods are good.
  I will say the bread is fine.
  I've never found the bread like special or anything.
  Anytime I've ever had the bread.
  I bet if you went in 2001, the bread is special, but as all brands decay-  Yes, that's probably right.
  And I think you can buy sourdough bread everywhere.
  I guess not like it was invented in 2001 by any means, but I like sourdough bread a lot.
  I guess also maybe my problem is that sourdough bread isn't maybe my number one go-to bread.
  Sometimes you get a good piece at a restaurant.
  If you're at maybe a slightly better restaurant.
  I had two slices.
  At a steakhouse, perhaps.
  I had two slices for breakfast.
  Of sourdough bread?  I had scrambled eggs and sourdough toast.
  Yeah.
  Interesting.
  How big is a piece of sourdough toast?  It depends on how the loaf is cut.
  Some sourdough loaves are really big.
  Are you cutting your own loaf?  No, it's just Ralph, whatever Kroger brand at Ralph's.
  It's a smaller.
  They were smaller.
  That's a pretty decent size piece that you're doing there.
  You're doing like the lens on the film director when he's imagining the scene.
  One was the end.
  The one piece was the end.
  Okay.
  Then the other piece I put some eggs on.
  Do you toast it?  Sourdough toast.
  Yeah, that's why I said I toast it.
  Oh yeah, you did say that.
  It tends to keep longer.
  I usually freeze bread anyway after a few days.
  I find it so hard.
  I like a little softer bread.
  I'll eat a hard piece of bread.
  I like the California pizza kitchen.
  Is that sourdough?  Those little pieces?  Those are ciabatta.
  Good little dipping.
  Great dipping oil in the little surf.
  That's great.
  That's ciabatta.
  It's ciabatta.
  I find that better, I think, than sourdough.
  I find that cuts up the roof of my mouth.
  Really?  I'm more of a focaccia man.
  What's the difference between focaccia?  Focaccia is like the real thick.
  Focaccia man.
  Thick, kind of, sometimes the top's salty or oily.
  I guess when it comes down to it, I'm just a soft bread kind of guy.
  Okay.
  Sector keeper, do you have a preference with harder soft bread?  Okay, I guess not.
  Scott, what do you think?  I don't think I can picture.
  I guess soft.
  Soft with no crust.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You're still a wonder bread guy.
  You're a wonder bread guy.
  PB&J.
  Oh, fun.
  That is fun, yeah.
  Heavy on the J.
  Have you ever had a PB&J jewel?  Those have got to be out there, right?  Whoa, that sounds good.
  That's what you need to look for.
  Yeah.
  I've got mango mint, Reese's cup.
  God, ugh, God damn it.
  Ew.
  Let's see what else I've got in my backpack.
  Do you guys want some?  No.
  No, I think I'm fine.
  I've got a Fun Dip.
  Oh, is that Big League Chew?  Big League Chew Grape.
  Yeah.
  You want some?  Well, maybe, honestly.
  I'll leave you up to the show.
  I just want the actual product, not the.
.
.
  I'd eat some cotton candy before I'd have cotton candy jewel.
  I've got cotton candy.
  Nice.
  Mint.
  Cotton candy and another mint?  So it's all.
.
.
  Yeah.
  And then Reese's mint?  Yeah, they're all mint.
  You have a mint.
  You have a regular version of everything and then a mint version of it as well.
  Do you need.
.
.
  I feel like I.
.
.
  Maybe between this one and the next one, I'll buy you.
.
.
  I will buy you a peanut butter and jelly jewel.
  Oh, yeah.
  So before the next step is nice.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, I'll hook you up.
  We can't take you to the movie yet.
  We don't have time, but yeah, I'll hook you up.
  So I'm looking at La Brea Bakery's website.
  Did you find all of their bragging on their website?  No.
  Do you know what I'm talking about?  I know Silverton and her husband, what is his name, Peele, who opened the restaurant  with her.
  I know they both worked with Wolfgang Puck.
  Is that a brag?  I think it's kind of a brag.
  Yeah, certainly in the 80s.
  They just sort of list their accolades and the awards they've won and then it lists it  by year.
  So then it'll just be like one thing a year and then they'll just miss a couple of years.
  So it's like on the website, it'd be like, La Brea Bakery's Par Baked Sourdough Baguette  wins the competition against local sourdough breads to the surprise of San Francisco residents,  consumers known for their community allegiances.
  This is in 1997.
  LA, baby.
  It's in the San Francisco Chronicle.
  So they're like bragging that they beat some local San Francisco, like local bread maker.
  San Francisco is such a sourdough town.
  Yeah, it is a big town.
  And yet the better version came from LA.
  And this is of course, these are consumers known for their community allegiances, as  says on the bakery website.
  They've confused these.
  They're no longer an allegiant to their community.
  Washington Post awards La Brea Bakery Sourdough Baguette with first place in their Artisan  Bread Roundup.
  I mean, that's a big deal to win a roundup, a bread roundup, which of course, Jason's  judged a few bread roundups in his day.
  Which is that that has to be some sort of country music type situation, right?  A roundup?  A roundup?  It sounds fun is what I'm getting at.
  You have to, before you can eat it, you have to lasso it and get it over to you.
  That's great.
  That's very fun.
  Jason really expertly lasso a bread and pull it hogtie it.
  Harder ones are easier to catch.
  You can stick some more.
  2003, Oprah Winfrey features La Brea Bakery's granola on her talk show as one of Oprah's  favorite things for spring.
  Wow, pretty good.
  2004.
  Are they supposed to not talk about this on their website?  If Oprah gave me an award, I'd talk about it.
  The Oprah one I get, the one where they like shit on the local bread makers.
  Crushing local businesses.
  2004, the Los Angeles Times declares La Brea Bakery its bread winner in the best of everything  issue.
  It was making all the money for the paper.
  And then the word sort of like dissipated a little bit.
  And then it's just 2011.
  It's like soft flour tortillas are introduced into our retail segment.
  Wow.
  Well, that's industry speak.
  But I think at a certain point, a place becomes, like I would call La Brea Bakery in Southern  California ubiquitous.
  Yeah.
  It becomes less special because it's just everywhere.
  Well, last thing, 2017 released Fortuna Demi Baguettes.
  That's all it is.
  I mean, I remember.
  2017.
  It's marked in my account.
  I honor it every year.
  Demi Baguettes have been released.
  So I just.
  Wow.
  I missed so much.
  Most of what you've missed is La Brea Bakery tent pole news moments.
  I want to make sure we aren't upsetting the apple cart here.
  But I feel like by talking about all that stuff, we invisibly transitioned from La Brea Bakery  Express to La Brea Bakery Cafe or the company as a whole.
  Do you have any, are there any poor rulings for what we just did?  Did you need to give us permission to move on?  No.
  Felt seamless to me.
  OK, good.
  Because I got a lot of parent company stuff.
  OK, good.
  Not for this, but just in general for our journey.
  Oh, OK.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  A lot of my stuff is parent company as well.
  When we're talking about the sit down restaurant, we were there the other night and I passed  by a sign that they have hard kombucha and it is called June Shine.
  Yes, I saw that.
  I have not tried that yet.
  What is it called again?  June Shine.
  June Shine.
  June Shine.
  Seems up your alley, SK.
  Yeah, it sounds like juice.
  Maybe.
  What is it?  I'm not a kombucha person.
  Well, kombucha is.
  There we go.
  Ferment.
  I am, but I like the one that tastes a little more candy ish.
  A lot of some people hate it.
  I think it's like it's almost like a tumeric or cilantro.
  That's what I'm saying.
  On a list of any item, Mike, you like the one that tastes a little more candy ish.
  Yes, I do.
  But there's I think true kombucha is a lot more vinegary than because there's some that  are more like raw and natural that can be a little unpleasant.
  But there's a version that's like tart cherry that Kavita I think may I forget which brand  it is that's very sugary.
  So I imagine this liquor is a sugar, the sugary version of kombucha.
  I don't think I like hard of things.
  I think I like hard hard.
  I like liquor that is liquor and not liquor put into lemonade.
  Like hard seltzer?  You don't like be a white claw boy?  Have you tried any white claw?  No.
  Oh.
  I mean, when you're old enough, buddy, Sector Keeper, you're going to.
  It's a yeah.
  We can't say all this liquor talk is going to be a problem.
  It's low-cal.
  It's going to be bad influences.
  It's like low calorie hard water.
  I like it.
  It just tastes like, you know, LaCroix but with some alcohol in it.
  Oh, LaCroix.
  Gross.
  LaCroix?  I want juice, man.
  Give me the real stuff.
  I want high C Capri Sun.
  Sunny D?  Oh, yeah.
  Cool commercials, too.
  I'll say all those commercials have gotten a lot more boring.
  And since you were a kid, there's less fake stuff in all of it.
  I think like the fake stuff used to be now everything has to tout the natural nature.
  But as a kid, you just drank all this fake shit, which is probably which probably made  you like fun and full of energy.
  I gave you strength.
  Yes.
  Yeah, juice gives me strength.
  Well, juice is a lot more boring now.
  I'm sorry to tell you, there's been a shit which we'll encounter in the future.
  Jamba Juice episode.
  There's been a big turn away from juice.
  I'm the sector keeper.
  I'm sorry to say.
  Who knew when you rescue me, I'd be living in hell.
  What did better?  We're all in hell now.
  I think the hard kombucha thing, though, is an interesting like the places that have stuck  around downtown Disney the most have had to keep up with the times.
  And that's not something hard kombucha is something even five years ago.
  I think people would be like, what are you talking like?  What?  For sure.
  Yeah.
  That's me now.
  And I'm sure Labrea had to like deal with like the low carb craze.
  I'm sure they had some sort of probably shitty tasting to accommodate.
  Cut a big hole in the bread for a while.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I've tried to even have soft bread.
  I have very little bread in the house in the apartment.
  Really?  Very little.
  I don't eat even bread when I'm not unless I'm out.
  Oh, yeah.
  Everybody hates bread now.
  Sector keeper.
  That's what?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Bread is so out from the.
  Not me.
  I always buy bread.
  I'm a toast guy in the.
  Yeah, I got to.
  You buy and freeze.
  I do.
  Yeah.
  Freeze it.
  I do, too.
  Yeah.
  Do you freeze it to you?  So you make toast from the frozen bread?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  Very simple.
  Yeah.
  Easy.
  Makes it last longer.
  I don't buy it anymore.
  But it's everybody hates it.
  Everybody's like bread is so the food enemy at this.
  Or like it's like a like it's a little cheat.
  It's a little treat.
  It's a treat.
  Yeah.
  Right.
  I don't get it.
  You.
  You me both, brother.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Just breathe it out.
  It is getting humid in here from all these plumes.
  It's thick.
  It's boredom coughs or just joy.
  My throat hurts.
  It could be both.
  Have we missed anything about both?  Yeah.
  I see.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'm good on the Braille.
  You know, it's a fine sit down.
  If you want your sort of like eight dollar arugula salad.
  Yeah.
  If you're trying to fulfill that parking that, you know, validation obligation.
  Yes.
  Fine.
  And it's open before the park is open.
  Yes.
  So maybe that's a down to I don't know about the cafe.
  We're talking cafe.
  We moved on so.
  Yeah.
  I think any of the places that have breakfast usually open a little before the park.
  So yeah.
  So check it out if you want something that's fine.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The fine drinking game.
  I think we're going to almost every establishment that is the highest price we will give.
  It's fine.
  So that being said, oh, you know, you know, it's around here.
  This we haven't actually and not unrelated to the to the the jewel that's in the air.
  I feel like this is a zone where you get a pretty big maple smell.
  That fake Disney maple.
  Am I correct about that?  Do you notice that around here specifically?  You mean like it's like a breakfasty type smell?  Yeah, I think so.
  Maybe coming from where trying to draw you where I think I think into La Brea Bakery.
  Oh, OK.
  Even though that's not the most maple a spot food wise.
  Yeah.
  I associate this zone with fake maple smell.
  I think maybe it's just trying to make you think about food in general.
  Yeah, it's like how and then I remember we have we had an argument about this and it  was never fully resolved.
  But there's fried chicken smell when we came off of Space Mountain and you were telling  me it was real and I was like, there's no way it's real.
  The restaurant's not even right by here.
  Well I was saying but I was saying down the strip, the plaza is like frying chicken all  day.
  Right.
  All of those smells you smell are fake or like the majority of them because they're  just trying to make your mouth water.
  It's like how you waited in line for a little while.
  Maybe you should get a bite to eat now.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, they're trying to trick you.
  Social engineering.
  I guess.
  Psychological warfare.
  I guess.
  That is how we that would be the way to break you is to pump a bunch of fried chicken smell  into somewhere and then you can then there is no fried chicken.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I think you got me begged.
  You were driving like Jesse Pinkman El Camino style with like a car full of those smells  that you stole from backstage at Disneyland.
  Getting in a timely El Camino reference.
  Yeah, of course.
  It's out by now, honestly.
  So we all know.
  We all love it and we've all got to take some of it.
  But we don't have time for that today.
  No, but of course we know Gus Fring is alive.
  We know that.
  Sure.
  They're all alive.
  They're all resurrected.
  Everybody's watched it by now.
  Yes, everyone is alive.
  He's walking around in a zombie state with a half face.
  Gale is alive.
  Or he picked up maybe what we didn't see.
  He fell to the ground after the bomb and then picked up also remarkably the same amount  of face was left from Hector and he just attached that, sewed it to himself with nursing home  materials, patched it up.
  So as we all we all saw the movie, right?  We all saw it.
  We saw it.
  Yeah.
  I thought it was cool how Gus Fring had a quarter of a Hector face.
  I think that was great.
  I loved the movie.
  I loved it too.
  I hope it's good.
  It was.
  I mean, I saw it and I loved it.
  Well, the Irishman was good for sure.
  We can all agree on that.
  The Irishman is three and a half hours long, I heard.
  Oh my God.
  210 minutes.
  Man, you put Jimmy Hoffa as a character in a movie.
  That movie gets long.
  All right.
  Maple smell.
  Great.
  Yeah.
  I'm all for those fake smells, by the way.
  Sure.
  Fountain.
  There's a big fountain, right?  Oh yeah, we didn't talk about that.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry.
  We tried the landscaping and the architecture.
  I understand.
  Here's the thing, Sector Keeper.
  It is not a fountain that you can walk into.
  You would have to make a point of jumping in there.
  Some people would argue you shouldn't walk into any of the fountains.
  I imagine you more than anyone would argue that.
  Yeah, you number one.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  But it is blocked off.
  You can't walk around in there.
  Do you guys know the name of the fountain?  It has a name.
  Oh, I missed that.
  It's the Poppy Fountain.
  Really?  Oh, it looks like a poppy.
  It looks like a poppy.
  Oh yeah.
  You know, one of those things that doesn't occur to you for 18 years of a place being  open and passing by it dozens and dozens of times.
  Hundreds for me.
  Because they want you to, as I've said before, respect those who passed in the fields of  Flanders.
  Oh, it's a tribute to that.
  It's a tribute to that.
  Yes, of course.
  Like from so many episodes ago.
  So you would pass by what's obviously a poppy and then you would go see what was obviously  a picture postcard tiled mosaic entry to California Adventure.
  Right.
  I feel like it's a remnant of that.
  Like what it is?  What's this supposed to be?  Yes, yeah, yeah.
  So you're looking at it right now.
  Yeah, it's orange.
  It's kind of like, there's a lot of things like this in downtown Disney.
  This was very much when it opened.
  It was full of petals and even the monorail station is supposed to be like Palm, they're  banana Lee.
  I don't know.
  I don't know.
  That is like, yes, that is inspired by Tivoli Gardens.
  If you're takeaway from Tivoli Gardens is like the dictionary defines gardens as places  where flowers live.
  It's like these big moody to it's kind of like, yes, gardens, flower.
  Big flower.
  Also strong smell emanating from that.
  That's very chloriney.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  Over there.
  We were discussing, didn't there used to be a sign over there that said downtown Disney  and now there is not?  Well they had moved the security checkpoints, which used to be sort of right there and now  there before you even get on the tram.
  So that caused a removal of the sign.
  So I think it was part of the, I could be totally misremembering this, but it was kind  of part of the whole setup there and they opened it up now and now it's just sort of.
  I think it kind of got pushed further into the Esplanade.
  Man, that was a real bad choke point when bag check was there.
  Yeah, man, that was a very good move.
  Yeah, that did for sure.
  They did open it up.
  But we all went down there together.
  We all took a trip with our teenage ghostly friend.
  Ward, I think that's right.
  Ward, our young Ward, the sector keeper.
  And you were saying, you were like, is this it?  When does downtown Disney start?  There's no clear entry point.
  There's no sign, really no thought put into it.
  There's a sign by the abandoned ESPN zone.
  Oh yeah, I guess.
  If you're coming from that way.
  Which we were that time.
  But then the other way, there's no sign, which is why we had to make that.
  We have that discussion of is the Honda the beginning?  But when Honda is gone, which I imagine it's not a permanent fixture.
  A galaxy is promoting Honda.
  Then how do we know where it starts?  I think it's the the end of the outdoor seating area.
  I think the Honda.
  What a shitty entry point is that table and two chairs is the beginning of downtown Disney.
  Hmm.
  They got to fix this.
  They have to fix it somehow.
  I don't know how they're going to do it.
  Honestly, I don't even have a good plus up for it.
  A sign.
  This is what keeps you boys up at night.
  You're not wrong.
  This is how we spend our lives.
  That's a good point.
  But what about a place that just recently got a plus up?  The massive world of Disney store.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Sexy Keeper like this a lot.
  Yeah, this is fun.
  Full of toys.
  Full of toys.
  It now looks something like a pure one imports ram head first into an Apple store.
  There's a lot of popcorn bowl.
  Brick now.
  A lot of brick.
  A lot of brick in this.
  A lot of spots of like, hey, maybe you buy that and then you hold it against under this  big sign that says like, um, I don't know what the signs a lot of Instagram shit.
  Oh, I see.
  That's a very Instagram.
  I think it's got to come up a lot.
  There's some cool people in engineering.
  Light up letter like the that's that thing that everything has where it's a big letters  with light bulbs in the middle.
  Yeah.
  They put that in that and like knew who the sign of hip from starting in what?  2013 a bunch of stuffed bolts under a popcorn light bulbs that say squad.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Hold up your bowl.
  Hold up your stuffed bowl.
  Oh yeah.
  You, you and yeah, I will post a picture of you in bowl.
  You were very delighted by bowl.
  Yeah.
  Good to see Disney's bowl voiced by who was the voice?  A very normal John Travolta.
  Oh yes.
  Our normal friend.
  You should get him on the pod.
  Yeah, we should.
  I don't think it'll be that hard and just only ask him about that music video with his  daughter.
  She's not every little step.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Brown cover.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Disney.
  Yeah.
  Disney has some basic.
  Okay.
  There's maybe a couple of episodes.
  So yeah, maybe a couple of episodes worth of things.
  Sager Kiefer, what happened since you were frozen is that John Travolta, the dad from  Look Who's Talking.
  Oh yeah.
  Came back in a big way.
  It was the coolest actor on the planet.
  And then since then it all ended and he's not anymore.
  Huh?  Yeah.
  Kind of went on a strange Odyssey.
  But broken arrow rules.
  Oh, you do like you did get broken arrow.
  Broken arrow has got some fun parts in it, I will say.
  Yeah.
  As you're sort of like reacclimating to the world and forming belief systems, just stay  away from battlefield earth.
  Don't watch them.
  I know it looks cool and he looks cool.
  Sounds cool.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  But I'd say stick with like Star Wars if you want sci-fi and not, you just might get some  weird lessons out of battlefield earth.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Just advice from me to you, my young ward.
  I think another thing you see in the world of Disney that you see a lot of Disney merchandise  outlets now is like the stuff catered to our generation, the older millennials starting  to have more disposable income who will never buy a house, but have a little money to buy  a shirt of Chippendale Dabbing.
  Here's the thing.
  I will say.
  I want that shirt with Chippendale Dabbing.
  I shouldn't buy it, right?  I don't have a job.
  If I have a job though, the first thing I'm going to do is head down there and get that  Chippendale Dabbing shirt.
  Your job is called the Downtown Disney or Deal.
  That's a good point.
  That's a good point.
  Maybe right after this I'll go down and get the Dabbing shirt.
  Very rewarding job.
  I don't think there, we'll talk about this, I assume somehow.
  There used to be a place called D Street in Downtown Disney, which would cater a little  bit more to this type of consumer.
  Now they folded it into world of Disney.
  I still don't feel that I am being catered to enough in world of Disney.
  But don't you think arts case are very specific?  There is an upswing of Disney afternoon stuff, but it is a little generic.
  Yes.
  I think it's slowly getting there, but I still like those cool, they have shirts now, there's  those cool like a Disneyland, it's yellow and it's got the kind of multicolored logo.
  That's getting a little bit closer to our aesthetic, I think.
  The designs are getting nicer.
  The material of the shirts is still a total crap shoot.
  Yes, it depends.
  Of what country they were made of, what factory they were made of, what color the shirt is.
  It's still a lot of Hanes beefy tees.
  Yeah.
  It is still a majority Hanes beefy tees.
  They were doing, is that your favorite shirt?  Yeah, that's all I have.
  Yeah, it's pretty baggy.
  I mean, I guess the styles were.
  Thick, thick too.
  The thick cotton that goes down to my knees.
  Kind of coming back in style, the baggy.
  It is.
  It is.
  The beefier the better.
  Yeah, well that's, you can go world Disney and 90% of the shirts are Hanes beefy tees.
  They had this series of shirts called Yester Ears that we all have a couple of, which really  cool retro-y designs.
  They've stopped doing them apparently.
  Is that the one where before we were doing the podcast, we all group did an order.
  Yes, to get a Disney World Village shirts.
  To get a discount.
  We all bought shirts that had the Walt Disney World Village logo on it.
  We should all bring them to Florida according to where I go.
  Yeah, that's not a bad idea.
  That's kind of cute.
  When we go there.
  But we've already done it.
  That's in the past.
  Oh yes.
  We've been to Florida and we're back.
  That's right.
  I bought a Country Bears shirt from there.
  I have maybe one or two other ones.
  Why did it take Nick Mundy saying, hey do a theme park podcast to make us realize we  all, the three of us without, we didn't know this was in the cards and we all bought the  same shirt together.
  There's a lot of things that we've done that you would think, oh well they knew they were  eventually going to like, they just did that to talk about it eventually.
  And it's like, no, that's not a.
  We would have done that for free.
  We would have done it for free.
  So I just, they're not getting there yet.
  They're not hitting that sweet spot.
  I guess they assume that maybe the audience isn't there for stuff like that, I guess.
  But that's still, I would love a little like nook in world of Disney just for maniacs like  us.
  Well they do have a shirt that says I'm so fly I never land.
  And who's on that?  I don't know, Tinkerbell apparently.
  Okay.
  Or Peter Pan.
  It's like a, like hashtag Bay and the Beast.
  Like that's the type of shirt that'll be.
  Market they're cornering is current slang mixed with old characters.
  Yes.
  Which is good for Jason, but maybe not for Scott and I.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Jason loves it.
  But the dabbing I like.
  We aren't saying we're here for things as much as Jason is.
  Right.
  There's like, I'm trying to think, it's like a picture, a stitch on a shirt that says hashtag  sicko mode.
  Oh sure.
  And that's Jason.
  That's Jason.
  Flounder like swimming along and it says this slaps.
  This is pots and chip and it says that's the tea.
  They don't have that one.
  Yeah.
  That's usual.
  We're giving the gold away for free.
  Yeah.
  It's a lot of that, which again, I don't, I don't dislike all of it.
  I just wish like, I was trying to think of truly like what some of our like ultimate  merch items would be.
  And let me ask you this, Jason, because I really only, the best thing I could think  of was what this was for you.
  Would you buy the authentic John from carousel of progress is rocking chair if they made  a recreation of it and maybe they, it came with his like fanning his like little fan  that he fans himself with when it's a hot summer day.
  Yeah.
  A hundred percent.
  It's going to be that rocking chair.
  Yeah.
  I'm just trying to think of the ultimate piece of niche.
  I guess he's in the kitchen.
  My grandparents did have a kitchen that looked a lot like his kitchen.
  Yeah.
  So like the John.
  Okay.
  So you would also buy like the John collection of all his outfits over the years.
  Yeah.
  I just want any John merchandise.
  Like there was one, the John line.
  There was one.
  I think there was hashtag live your John.
  Hashtag live your John.
  Which John are you?  Which decade John are you?  Or uncle Orville.
  Uncle Orville.
  Like no privacy at all in here.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  But I'm talking about like a high end clothing line.
  That's all of John's outfits from the, I'm not just like, not just a picture of John.
  Yeah.
  I want you to dress.
  Like the Lord of the Rings sword replica.
  Yes.
  This is high end as it comes.
  This is, I guess that's maybe sort of what I guess maybe there's not a huge market for  that, but like what would be the.
  I would consider it.
  Or like the alien encounter alien, like the tube with like the aliens sticking in.
  If they sold obviously like a life life size Rex Scott, I think you're in for that.
  Well my answer would have been a full photo reel captain EO suit.
  If I could get like the exact full, but now I'm arrested.
  I was going to say maybe that's not a good idea.
  Yeah.
  That would have been the answer at one point in time.
  What about just like a life size Hooter?  Oh yeah.
  Hooters in my, yeah.
  They aren't all canceled.
  Are they?  No, no, they're fine.
  I have a little plush fuzz ball in my home.
  You have a plush fuzz ball, but what if it was the real one?  Oh yeah.
  And it flew.
  It flew.
  A drone fuzz ball.
  Yes.
  Make this happen.
  Oh, abs.
  There you go.
  Absolutely.
  I was going to say, say shirt wise, if I could get a shirt that lit up with the neon tumbling  Mickey's from tomorrow land.
  Oh, that's a great idea.
  That's a great idea.
  In that pattern.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's my dream shirt.
  That's great.
  What about you, Mike?  Honestly, I.
  Like I would call it out big Al you could crawl inside of.
  I think a country bear instruments maybe like big Al's guitar or something that was a playable  and Mike or like a little piano or a mouth harp harmonica.
  Something like that.
  I think I just wish there was a niche, a little corner that you would like every couple of  months they would just put out the most insane thing for maniacs like us.
  Sure.
  Oh my God.
  They did this.
  Who's going to buy this?  And then I would buy it.
  So as long as one person.
  Yeah, it's fun.
  It's fun to get like a corner of that market a little more.
  That's so much fabrication though.
  I feel like they just kind of default to like, hey, what about this Hawaiian shirt version?  This.
  Yes, I get, I get there trying to turn wallpaper by doing, putting all of the, like putting,  you know, Mulan on a shirt and then it says, nevertheless, she persisted.
  That's what they, that's where the market is right now.
  That is that they look, they know what they're doing.
  They know exactly what is going to sell.
  So the most 2019 shirt.
  You know what they did actually in this area that is good.
  We do remember we, we encountered those notebooks that look like the old clam shell, the VHS.
  It's a, yeah.
  Yeah.
  It looks like an old beauty and the beast, the thick VHS case.
  That's a great, that's, that's getting into our, that's getting there for sure.
  VHS has gone, such a keeper.
  It's all these things, streamers and like they, they like organized it to where now  it's just a couple of streamers and to afford all of them, it's more expensive than all  of your VHSs and cable channels put together.
  You can still find DVDs, which are like if movies were on CDs, they look like CDs.
  Yes.
  I know.
  Yes.
  I know.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  But VHS gone.
  VHS is gone.
  I'm sorry to say.
  Now you stream.
  Now you stream and all the, so don't try to go to a blockbuster.
  Don't try to get a job at a blockbuster because they're, they're a good put.
  I was wondering.
  Is that was your first thought?  Probably was.
  Yeah.
  You wrote like jobs at blockbuster.
com.
  Yeah.
  You knowing about email.
  Yes.
  And then nobody responded.
  No one.
  Oh, this is a lot.
  Every day is a lot for me.
  Every day you're discovering new terrible facts.
  Nevertheless you persisted.
  Never.
  Nevertheless.
  Okay.
  You that shirt.
  I'd want, I'd want like a hockey stick from mighty ducks.
  Oh, which, which player was your favorite in the mighty ducks?  Fulton.
  Oh yeah.
  He hit the puck hard.
  You know, uh, Keenan from mighty ducks too, essentially since you died has been on Saturday  night live the whole, the entire time.
  But I died over 30 years ago.
  The vast majority of it.
  Your buddy, the hockey, the cool hockey player has been America's leading sketch man.
  You can be on SNL for decades.
  You can now the laws changed.
  It used to be like a two term rule, uh, like, like the presidency, but they, they destroyed  that as they imagined that they will with the, with the presidency.
  SNL went away then came back like others shows.
  No still still going.
  Um, yeah.
  Um, yeah.
  What's happened?  Uh, I mean, I mean a lot.
  Yeah.
  It's uh, Alec Baldwin's basically a cast member now.
  What?  From the shadow.
  It's in the beatlejuice, you know?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, sounds good.
  I, uh, does this sound, does this make it sound any more appealing that he's, uh, extremely  angry?  Uh, Rudy, Rudy Giuliani was mayor.
  Remember the mayor?  I don't know.
  That might be after his time, right?  No, I think he, you might've cleaned up New York.
  Oh, of course.
  He was very briefly America's hero and now he is a great villain.
  In his later years, he's losing his mind.
  All right.
  Anything else from world of Disney?  I forget.
  Are we allowed to talk about the way it used to look in this?  This is what a lot of words.
  Encouraged.
  Okay.
  Encouraged.
  So basically, uh, like a couple of years ago, it's all, it's pretty new.
  They changed this around and the outside, first of all, the font, I will say, and the  logo and the store logo are basically looked like this.
  And that is a little out.
  That looks like 2001 California adventure.
  It looks a little misty.
  Oh yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Steampunky.
  Steampunky.
  And I think the new logo looks better.
  I think it looks more modern, but I will, I do lament the loss of this insane like Huey  Dewey and Louie looking out of a giant, like, I don't know, telescope or something.
  It's really big at the end and it's a giant eyeball.
  You can see their big, I never, I knew it was them.
  I never made the connection.
  It would be one of their eyes.
  I thought it was a contraption that had a giant eye.
  It's Louie's eye.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Cool.
  Yeah.
  So I do feel like I'm a little bit bummed that this ridiculous looking like stead, it's  almost like something from Batman forever where, or Batman and Robin, where the architecture  is so like perverse.
  It's from Wild Wild West.
  Wild Wild West.
  That's good.
  That's probably better.
  I do think like that's a bummer that they're gone.
  They all look like Christmas ornaments a little bit too.
  Yeah.
  In their look.
  I get it that it doesn't maybe work with it.
  The other side was Tweedledee and Tweedledum on like a little contraption.
  Operating a, like a big seesaw that is also a flying machine.
  Yeah.
  I'm less interested in that.
  So okay.
  Less, less fondness, but you like the big telescope.
  I like the big telescope and I like the nephews.
  So it's a bummer they didn't put the nephews back in some capacity.
  So the theme used to be your favorite Disney.
  This is a lab where your favorite Disney characters operate retro future machine, like.
  Yes.
  Machinery thingamajigs.
  Right.
  And now the theme, have you guys read like the backstory and everything?  A little bit.
  You probably know it better now.
  The what the world of Disney now is that the world of Disney now is supposed to be a former.
  The new theme is that it used to be a bus depot.
  Okay.
  I don't know.
  And now it's an animation studio for Disney artists and they.
  Okay.
  Wait a minute.
  No, wait.
  Or it became, I think it was an animation studio once and then became a bus depot and  now it's a store and they took all of the like the walls that they went down to the  bones of the walls and found all this like magic stuff inside.
  I think.
  I saw some of that because they have like the moving sort of pictures and there's like  a tribute to the nine old man and there's a bulletin board in there as if like it's  the animation studio.
  Yeah.
  Something as clear as levels and stages.
  Really tidy.
  The fact that I'm confused about it shows it really communicates.
  But then there's this whole history where.
  Okay.
  Walt Disney has the animation studio in Burbank and then it's going so well that he expands  to locations in downtown Disney and Disney Springs which were there then.
  What?  Yes.
  Okay.
  So that's going to be a thing I keep coming across where like places in Disney Springs  place as an appropriate other in downtown Disney.
  Okay.
  It feels like they're slowly starting to fill out Disney Springs with not quite with the  unifying architectural style that took a while to build in Disney Springs.
  A lot of things are in both.
  Yeah.
  There's a lot of stores that are that were the including world of Disney that is that  that's in Anaheim and Orlando which means we don't have to do a Disney Springs saga.
  No.
  Nice try.
  No way.
  Thought I'd try.
  So did you keep her back me up?  Two against two tie.
  I can't say much now.
  Fuck.
  But the fate of the world depends on it.
  Oh no.
  Man the stakes keep getting greater.
  All right.
  So we'll have to do Earl of Sandwich 2.
  Yeah have to.
  Yeah.
  Get to.
  Second Starbucks 2.
  Anyway so it's a bus depot slash animation studio that comes to life and there's enchanted  paint jars.
  It's going to be so great to talk about this all the second time.
  Yeah the enchanted paint jars I kind of like honestly.
  Yeah I like that too.
  Colors there I like that.
  Well anywhere that they add little flourishes and we're watching like a painting of the  castle come to life and.
  That's fun.
  Yeah the sketches turn a lot the posters change it'll be like that cool 40s poster  of Phantasmac and then it'll shift over to aristocrats or whatever and the characters  move that stuff's all cool.
  They did a good job.
  Yeah.
  So about 10 years ago when Steve Jobs sat on the Disney board and Eiger sat on the Apple  board there he consulted with Disney to kind of plus up the Disney retail locations and  gave them access to Apple store like data like like stuff they have found works well  design elements that work well and the Apple retail people like helped out Disney sort  of redo the stores.
  That's why it's a less you see it a little more minimal now than like the 90s kind of  like design stuff everywhere which is sort of a trend in downtown Disney.
  Yeah in general when this place opened in City Walk both too many aesthetics too much  shit going on packing too much stuff into a tiny space and Steve Jobs led the way for  minimal is OK and perhaps preferred more relaxing shopping experience.
  Right interesting.
  I will quickly lament the loss of the Park stars the tiny vinyl figures that I have  over 50 of and that they also they didn't get to stuff that we needed like John from  Carousel.
  They were little figures they were Park specific characters toys and they never got to John  Carousel progress.
  There's a bunch of other ones.
  Yeah.
  And now they have different versions of them but I'm just not not in love like I was.
  It was very much a time the early 2010s of like well kid robot is popular.
  Let's try to do vinyl things like that.
  And they had the vinyl nation for a long time and then that kind of tapered off and then  everyone went wild for Funko pops and they're kind of the fun go pop less there is a monopoly  and yeah there's a me.
  This is also come out already there was a 1500 run exclusive Mickey Matterhorn pop that  I hopefully now have somehow or they've released in the parks but it is adorable.
  There's also a Mickey Skyliner pop that I think has come out in the time we've talked  about this both very good.
  I don't love all the pops sometimes a little generic but I have a couple of them the ones  that are good.
  Yeah I think that was like Disney was like OK we can stop building our own and just like  start a relationship with this company.
  Anyways bring back yesteryears bring back Parkstars still.
  Yes please.
  Is there do we do it?  Are we done?  I think that's it I think we beat the first.
  Boys!  Hey!  Whoa!  Hey!  Yes yes congratulations.
  Oh thanks.
  I just received a text message from the level keeper.
  He says he can't say much now but you give him and I great strength.
  Hey wonderful.
  I'm so glad to hear it.
  And I have something to give you boys.
  Unlike the city walk saga where you received the sector stones.
  Oh yeah yeah yeah okay it's not stones.
  It will be giving you something that you will place in an inventory.
  Okay so stones are now items.
  Stones are now items boys.
  Like Zelda.
  Like Zelda!  Yeah!  What I'm giving you now will come into use at some point in your journey.
  I'm giving you a loaf of sourdough bread from La Brea bakery.
  Signed by Nancy Silverton and Mark Peel.
  An autographed sourdough bread.
  Wow.
  People who are no longer affiliated with the company.
  So it's very rare.
  It's original.
  Wow.
  Oh so it's old then.
  Yes but.
  It's very stale bread.
  It's been frozen so it's still.
  Hey!  Jason and I's method.
  Bread around the house.
  Now I'll give it to you because you are licking your lip.
  Don't trust me.
  Don't trust me with that look.
  I'm hiding this away.
  I'll crack a tooth on that frozen bread.
  So I'll put that in Mike's fridge.
  That's a guarantee.
  Alright.
  Boys boys you give me great strength.
  Yeah.
  And my cousin the level keepers.
  He's excited you're taking this journey and he hopes you can rescue him.
  Err herr.
  Err herr.
  Depending.
  Depending on what happens or who we can get.
  The spirit world is unclear.
  We can't see.
  Even their communications are coming through.
  We can't quite see them.
  Yes.
  And the sector keeper is doing so much jewel he doesn't remember the gender of his cousin.
  Yes we mostly can't see because of all the water vapor in the air.
  We can barely see you sector keeper.
  It's so thick in here.
  What if you have any Visine?  Jason you have a bag you carry around with everything in it.
  You're having eye troubles right now aren't you?  Yes I do.
  I've been having a slowly been having an allergy attack in my eyes for about two days now.
  So I do have drops with anti histamines in them.
  So we'll have them when we're off Mike.
  So yeah we'll give you some of those.
  Alright.
  And a promise is a promise.
  Let's go get a peanut butter and J jewel.
  Yes.
  Alright.
  I'll hook you up.
  Okay well so we're off to the races.
  Yeah.
  Here we go.
  That wasn't so bad.
  No fine.
  We cleared that stage pretty easily.
  Level.
  Well level.
  Oh yes.
  Stage.
  You know what you're right.
  Stage.
  Confusion me.
  I know what it is.
  I know it's their fault not mine.
  We cleared the stage but keep in mind this wasn't a boss one.
  So be every third day be aware the stakes will be higher.
  Right.
  The chance of death will be higher.
  Yes.
  And we'll see what we can do.
  I feel all right.
  On to the next thing.
  Hey you survived podcast the ride the downtown Disney or deal level one stage one.
  Wow.
  It's gonna be so fun to say that every time for more podcasts the ride and more downtown  Disney or deal follow us on Twitter Instagram and Facebook.
  What's our hashtag is it.
  Oh shit.
  You know.
  You gotta think about it.
  Free the level keeper.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Save the level keeper.
  Yeah.
  Save more than free.
  We're free.
  I guess we are freeing.
  DDO.
  Save the last.
  Hashtag DDO.
  Hashtag save the level keeper.
  That's good.
  Hashtag DDO.
  DTO.
  No.
  No.
  No.
  No.
  DDO.
  Downtown is like one word right.
  Is it.
  Yeah.
  And there would be depiction.
  Oh my notes are.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  So what is it.
  It's it's two hashtags you have to use if you want to tweet about any of this.
  It's hashtag DDO.
  Right.
  And then hashtag.
  Save the level keeper.
  Right.
  And hashtag sector keepers cricket wireless severance.
  Yes.
  So long.
  Click that at cricket cricket wireless please.
  Yeah.
  There we go.
  Help me.
  Thank you.
  They're sitting on money somewhere.
  They got to give it to you.
  And for three bonus episodes every month subscribe to podcast the ride the second gate of patriot  dot com slash podcast the ride.
  Folks I'm thrilled to once again start saying see you tomorrow.
  Goodbye.
  Bye.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson Jason Sheridan Scott  Gardner Brett Boehm Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows  on Apple podcasts Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever  dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
