 One, two, ready.
  There was darkness on the street, Ralph Brennan, he had won.
  He summoned the power of his jazz, and the podcast boys were done.
  Now we're in the underworld, and I can't lie we're scared.
  Ghosts of stores are all around, like the ruins of a builder bear.
  The downtown Disney ordeal, a shuttered hog and does how must Jason feel?  The downtown Disney ordeal, what ghastly secrets does the house of blues conceal?  Hello again, three long days in the underworld.
  We find ourselves now in level X, stage three, trying to keep on trying to survive.
  I'm Scott Gardner, Mike Carlson, how are you?  Dearest listener, how I long for the real levels and stages and not this underworld.
  It's so much different.
  So much different.
  Vastly not just arbitrarily different.
  Jason Sheridan.
  I like it down here, it's kind of a warm, humid heat.
  And we know I'm fond of that.
  Well, I do.
  Yeah, your socks are soaking wet.
  I know.
  Maybe you're better off in the underworld.
  You know, maybe.
  I just, you know, I'm so stressed out and I'm like, you know, we're tired, we're running out of food,  and I just wish I could get a decent meal, get some remoulade or some beef lava nachos.
  Hopefully, I'm not sure where we're going today, but maybe some of that could be in the pipes, I hope.
  But before that, let's introduce, oh my God, wait.
  I mean, surprise.
  Look who we ran into.
  I can't believe it.
  Hey, guys.
  Surprise.
  You're down here too.
  Oh my God, you're kidding.
  It's a friend of the show, past guest of the show,  and person who since she was a guest on the show wrote an episode of The Simpsons.
  Julia Prescott is here.
  Hi, hi.
  It's so good to be here.
  You're out of breath too.
  Yeah, I've just been chasing around this labyrinth for days.
  I mean, I truly don't know what day it is.
  It's been so long.
  We haven't even run into the labyrinth.
  Let's hope we don't fall into that or we'll never make it out.
  That's another separate episode on my Patreon episode podcast.
  Oh my gosh.
  Hi, it's good to be here.
  Hi.
  Thanks for being here.
  It's nice to see a familiar face.
  So good to see you again.
  So good to run into you again.
  And also, in terms of things that have happened since you joined us before,  you came and talked about a shopping center that's even worse than downtown Disney,  the Zia Village, Paris.
  But recently, you had this very popular tweet that was in territory,  very familiar to us and to our listeners.
  I feel like I had to ask you about that.
  Are you talking about being rejected from a writing job and going to Disneyland alone?  That's correct.
  I went viral for being lonely.
  My mom is very proud.
  And I will say, you guys understand.
  I think that people thought.
.
.
  The stories seem to be presented as like,  here's a woman who bought a ticket to go to Disneyland as a fuck you to whoever rejected her.
  And I have a pass.
  I just want to get that out there.
  It was a very easy choice for me, as I mentioned, don't currently have a job.
  So it was very easy to make that decision.
  But yeah, getting like live tweeting the experience, I think resonated with some people.
  But then something I didn't anticipate was I got another job rejection while I was mourning my previous job rejection at Disneyland.
  And that shifted things and I believe kicked it into high gear.
  Geez, you added information during this event.
  Yeah, hey, the industry's fun, everybody.
  I feel like that's a microcosm.
  That's what this podcast is in general, I feel like, is us.
  Well, we need to do something while we get rejected from doing it after.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Why don't we talk about theme parks for a while?  Yeah, that's a sort of can do attitude that young Emily Dickinson has on Apple TV plus is Dickinson Apple TV plus.
  Please sponsor this podcast.
  Is that is that an edgy Dickinson?  Have you watched it?  I was.
 It looks like the Dickinson who fucks.
  That's what it looks like to me.
  You are 100 percent correct.
  I was in an Apple store and I watched most of the pilot.
  Great.
  Wait, you watched it or just to watch the TV?  Huh? Like it's a best buy in the 90s.
  Jason doesn't want to pay for Apple plus something.
  Yeah, you were waiting for the TV show to end.
  I was waiting for a friend to get their phone set up.
  OK.
 And and so I was like fiddling around with all the Apple TV displays and I was like, oh, Apple TV is live.
  And and I just started watching Dickinson.
  Hmm.
 And in the store like the Disney stores now they have stores.
  I'm sitting on a.
  You can watch you can sit and watch the shows like it's a like a porn video store.
  Yeah, I mean, it's just set up.
  It's logged in.
  Apple TV.
 They want people checking out Apple.
  It just sounds like you're hanging out in the boyfriend gallows of this Apple.
  That is exactly what I was doing.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, Toby Hus plays her father.
  Already the strongest man in the world.
  Good for Toby.
  So funny you say that Toby, Toby has also very good on Haldin Catch Fire and he the Toby is a lot like I feel or maybe I should say the other way around.
  There's somebody we're going to talk about in this episode who feels like a Toby Hus character.
  Hmm.
  The perhaps the CEO of Rainforest Cafe Tillman for Tita Tillman for Tita.
  Yeah, feels very Toby Hussey.
  Which is his real name.
 I know it is, but it just sounds like I want to work in food entertainment.
  I'm going to name myself something that vaguely sounds like a weird festive food dish.
  Or maybe he who didn't like people pronouncing it tit and he's like I have to can I say that it's got to get ahead of it because I'm in restaurants.
  Well, well, but wait a minute.
 Is that even I'm making a big leap at that.
  Yeah, you didn't talking about let's make sure let's get our official assignment from the Sector Keeper.
  Boys, boys, today's stage contains Rainforest Cafe, Yareba Yareba and the House of Blues.
  Best of luck, boys.
  All right, I was right.
 I don't know.
  You were right.
  Good luck at work.
  Rainforest Cafe and wait a minute.
  Now, this is actually funny that we bump into you and we're talking about the Rainforest Cafe.
  Don't you have some history with the Rainforest Cafe?  That's absolutely correct, Scott.
 Thanks so much for saying that.
  Yeah, I used to work at the Rainforest Cafe gift shop.
  I have to make that distinction at Downtown Disney.
  Which hopefully is in this level.
  It's not right here to answer that question.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  I'm sure it'd be the most complicated possible answer.
  Why not? Oh, look at there's vape smoke that have just come up in a yes.
  It's a Sector Keeper vape now.
  Sector Keeper vape.
  Vape vapor.
  What's that?  Does he want to die? Oh, he's a ghost.
 I forgot.
  He's already.
 Yeah.
 So he's kind of already made of vapor.
  He's kind of taunting us, I guess.
  Yeah.
 And that smells a little.
  I get a sense of a little bit of honey mustard on that.
  A little bit of ranch maybe too.
  He tries a lot of experimental.
  Yeah, I will say I just want to say immediately about my experience with the Rainforest Cafe.
  Darkest time of my life.
  Oh, no.
  I was a very depressed 19 year old who had just transferred to Chapman University  from a real shitty art school in the Bay Area.
  And I transferred there and didn't have any friends at college.
  Partly because I was a transfer student, partly because I often fucked off  and went to Disneyland because I could because I worked at the Rainforest Cafe.
  So this was like everything about my life and nothing about my life at the same time.
  This is very strange because and I must have talked about this in the podcast before,  but I was deciding where to go for college.
  I was deciding between Chapman and LMU where I ended up going.
  And I went and like, well, let me see what the area is like around Chapman.
  I would be close to Disney.
  And I went down with a friend of mine and we got too high.
  And I sat at the Rainforest Cafe and I freaked out and it made me not want to go.
  I was like, this is going to be my life.
  I'll just be like weird and alone and pretending I like weed at Disney all the time.
  It truly that was the spot that changed my whole trajectory in a lot of ways.
  I was your sliding doors reality of that choice that you did not make.
  I made that choice and lived your life.
  Things are good now, but I would have had to live through a real miserable,  how many months stretch of time working at that store?  Oh, yeah.
 I mean, I didn't work there for, I want to say longer than two semesters.
  And I remember like going home for Christmas, home for Christmas.
  I lived in North Hollywood.
  But like being like, all right, well, I'm going on winter break.
  And I just remember my manager being like, okay, great.
  Will you come back in the spring?  And I went, sure.
  And like never came back again and just like, you know, walked away from the fire as I lit it, you know, that kind of thing.
  So we'll get into that.
  I want to say really quick something that I was delighted to remember today.
  Do you guys know the different names for the people that work at the Rainforest Cafe?  Certainly not.
  No, no.
 Oh, boy, please.
  Well, first you've got your Safari guides, which are the servers, which they, when I was working there,  made it very clear that they were different than the gift shop people.
  There was some animosity that I didn't engage in, but it definitely was like some hierarchy levels.
  Then there are the tour guides, which are your hosts and hostesses.
  Because it's a tour, you're in a jungle.
  Yes, you're in a jungle.
  Then there are the Pathfinders, your retail sales associates, aka me.
  And then you have your Navigators, which are the bartenders and your Safari Assistants, which are your bussers.
  And if I'm sure you ever called the bussers a Safari Assistant, they would spit in your food because they were very much the low of the low.
  And then you have the animal curators, which didn't have like their cutesy name.
  But I did research and find that one woman was known as the Parrot Lady.
  And she very much wanted that to be the first thing you called her and then like her name.
  So it'd be like the Parrot Lady, Genie, you know.
  So she, oh, right.
 So they were walking around with real parrots.
  Yeah, yeah.
 And all of the rainforest cafes at one point had real animals.
  And I read somewhere that it cost them for each store, it was like a hundred grand a year to like pay for the people that were handling the animals  and to like feed the animals and stuff.
 And so slowly they're like, yeah, shit, this is unsustainable.
  And then Dantus was one of the last that still had animals.
 And they did when I worked there.
  They did little shows outside the restaurant, too.
 There's still, if you go there, a little stage.
  There's still shows now that they do.
  Oh, what?  Yeah.
 I want to say that I was there a couple months ago and, you know, Rainforest Cafe is all boarded up.
  But then you still have like this woman with a parrot that comes out and tries to distract toddlers for like 10 minutes.
  A woman with a parrot.
 Hang on.
 What's the proper name?  Oh, the parrot lady.
  The parrot lady.
 That's a classy title.
  Yeah.
  What animals did they have when you were working there? Was it just parrots?  Just parrots.
 And I want to say maybe a reptile or two.
 What did you say?  A tiger.
  A tiger.
 And a tiger.
 Yeah, it was mostly birds.
 And then I want to say like some reptiles, like something that was very easy to sort of bring out.
  I will say that like the backstage area for working there, like you have to go, you know, through this little side gate and you walk down and then there's like this vending machine that isn't filled with anything that's vending machine-y.
  It's just like packets of socks and shaving kits because of the Disney mandate for having your facial hair be trimmed a certain way.
  And then you go down this like underground tunnel and you find yourself in a hallway where, you know, your normal manager people offices are and then you'll have the office for all the animals.
  And that was just like such a weird thing to like pass on your way to a kitchen in a restaurant.
  So I just remember that.
 And also just it's such a thrill to be a cast member in a backstage area.
 I just got to say.
  Oh, yeah, that's true.
  That was really the only thrill about working there.
  Yeah, yeah.
 When you're in this like themed temple, but in like the boring part of it.
  I mean, that's always the dream to be in a themed place in a boring hallway.
  Exactly.
 I just want to have like authority at a place that I like am already really enamored with.
  But then like that that wore off very quickly.
  Yeah, yeah, I can imagine.
 So your job as a.
.
.
 sorry, what was your title again?  I was a Pathfinder.
  A Pathfinder.
  And I think I still have my outfit somewhere.
  Were you supposed to keep it? Probably not.
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  It sounds like you just ghosted them.
 You just walked out one day and didn't come back.
  So I ghosted them.
 I mean, maybe I feel like I probably made a call because I'm very responsible.
  But even then.
 But I also kind of ghosted.
 I worked very briefly at CityWalk at the Starbucks there for, I want to say, a brisk two weeks during Halloween Horror Nights.
  And it was around the time of this age for me, too.
 But that was a whole other case where, and hopefully they've changed things, they would schedule you for 3 p.
m.
 to question mark.
  And you would just have to roll with it until you were done.
 So I ghosted on that a little bit, too.
  Understandably.
 Yeah.
  But I did give it like a good two weeks.
 I was like, I don't know, maybe things are going to turn around.
 They just never did.
  I could get discovered by a Hollywood producer.
  Well, that was for sure not happening at the Universal CityWalk.
  Something resembling it.
  Was the outfit just like the safari tan?  It was.
 It was a safari tan shirt.
 And then you had your name tag.
 The shirts were always like two sizes larger than they told you.
  So I was swimming in mine.
 And I want to say that I had to buy my own khakis and buy my own like those generic all black like Walmart service worker shoes.
  And it just at the end of it didn't matter like how long the shift was.
 It could have been four hours.
 It could have been eight.
  I would be so exhausted because they just never want you to sit or do anything.
  I had to constantly just be rearranging plush frogs and like, you know, just like refolding shirts.
  And honestly, because, you know, the gift shop is not an area where people are like, oh, goody, it's just like a place to kill time.
  And so more often than not, we would have like teenagers that would like come in and like fuck our shit up.
  And I'd be like, oh, sweet.
 Now I have something to do.
 And like actually really enjoyed it.
  Just being like, oh, because otherwise you're just like staring into space and hearing the same Calypso playlist.
  Like just reshuffle over and over and over, which I tried to find before coming over here today.
  And I noticed this really bizarre trend on Spotify of like, I'm going to guess teens making playlists that they call Rainforest Cafe.
  But it is not anything to do with Rainforest Cafe music.
  And it has like Ariana Grande on it and other stuff.
 But they just call it that.
 It was weird.
  Yeah, like vapor wavy way of naming things.
 Yeah.
 Some weird like inside joke between like twelve teens.
  Interesting.
 Was there any like expertise that you needed to know?  Did you need to know like the types of the animals or anything? Or is there any qualification?  I'm so glad you asked me that.
 I mean, there was and there wasn't.
  It was a bizarre place to work, which I'm sure you guys can relate in working like bizarre, even industry entertainment industry jobs.
  But where they like acted like we since we were working there that we had to be as obsessed or invested, I will say, in like tree frogs, the tree frogs.
  Yeah, because they have a whole like weird, you know, kind of Ronald McDonald esque series of characters that we were supposed to familiarize ourselves with.
  We were just at the Schomburg location.
  I didn't write them all down, but I did note I at least took pictures of like there's like a crest in the store of like here's the great big one.
  Whatever.
 I don't have a number.
 You're talking about the wild bunch.
  Oh, that's the name.
 Wild.
 What is the frog's name? First and foremost.
  The frog's name is Cha Cha Jason.
 Very good.
  We love Cha Cha.
 Cha Cha is their Mickey.
 They fucking love Cha Cha.
  I have an item on the menu that is chicken shimmy cha cha's.
 What? Shimmy cha cha's.
  If we're I mean, I imagine the menu portion of this conversation is going to be its own chapter.
  Yeah, yeah.
 A thing that stuck out in Schomburg to me, we found the clearance nook.
  Like there was a dead end of the store that was all the clearance items that featured what appeared to be a stairway carved into a cave with a dragonfly statue facing away from you.
  And the dragonfly looked like it was I must descend these stairs so I may die.
  Like it just looked like the dragonfly was like Blair Witch in it, like just standing in the corner.
  It reminded me of this this this weird like little like stairway corridor thing where hummingbirds keep getting trapped in my apartment building and my wife.
  And now as a knows how to save them really well.
 But it felt like the same like this is this dragonfly is going to die.
  If we don't get this nectar soon, it's going to get trapped in this weird little corner.
  Yeah, it's very yeah.
 Why? What the fuck? Why are facing away from you? Giant dragonfly?  I feel like and listen, not to brag, but I've been in a couple of rainforest cafes and yeah.
  And I feel like and we we can get into it.
 There was an ownership change.
  The guy who originally founded it sold it to Landry's, I want to say, at the end of the 90s.
  Or maybe 2000 and he was very bummed about it.
 And then maybe this was him making a big stink about like they've changed everything.
 The menus different.
  I think that there is some truth to what did happen.
  But I also feel like similar to what we see with a lot of these sort of corporate merger things and like how the second chapter after the merger or the acquisition is like never as shiny as the start.
  Because it's all like, you know, just thinking about the almighty dollar.
 So like corners are cut.
 And I feel like a lot of these restaurants were like, you know, made in very hasty ways.
  And so then you get the weird dragonfly statue that makes no sense and is almost Christ like or just things that are, you know, not really well thought out and which is so bizarre because especially with this rainforest cafe, it is in the shadow of greatness.
  And yet great best themed environment.
  Yeah.
 And yet it still, you know, was falling short.
 And I do remember like the gorilla robot breaking down all the time and have a name.
  Oh, yeah, we should get in the wild bunch.
 Thank you so much for reminding me.
 That's Bamba.
  The strong but very kind gorilla.
  Good to know that he's kind.
 Yeah.
 He's strong, but very kind.
 His brother is strong, but vicious, strong, but mean.
  Anyone else in the wild bunch you want to name check? Absolutely.
 There's Tuki.
 He's the amusing and curious baby elephant.
  There's Nile, the crocodile with a large appetite for fun.
 This is some copywriting ass words by the way.
  Thesaurus.
 Yeah.
 Maya, the fearless jaguar is the protector of the rainforest.
  Then there's Rio, the swift and musical McCall who loves to sing and dance.
  Though I didn't see it when I was there.
  What's the proof you love this? Excuse me.
  Iggy, the iguana is the oldest and wisest of the bunch.
 And then there's Ozzy, the wacky yet big hearted orangutan.
  This is one of now many in our previous episodes back up where the light was in the main levels.
  We've run into a lot of gangs in this.
 Who is it? There's Legos coming up.
  There's the Pandora Charm.
 I forget the name of them already.
 Are they the Pandora friends?  It's been so long.
 We've been trapped here.
 There's Pandora original specific IP.
 For the jewelry?  Yeah.
 That's right.
 What? That is insane.
 Charm characters.
  Did you cover the Anne Getty store in the underground? That was yesterday in the underworld.
  We closed out on Anne Getty's.
 I was going to say it'd be really dark if Anne Getty's had a wild bunch.
  They are the Pandora friends.
 Yes.
 The Pandora friends.
  Yeah.
 I don't want to know the names of these babies.
 I just want them to escape and be well.
  No, those babies work for me.
 I'm on the other side.
 I want them to keep going, keep dancing.
  If you're getting married at 21, you know where the Pandora vows are.
  Oh my gosh.
 There's a new Pandora friend.
 Since we came to the underworld?  Get your credit card ready, 21 year old husband.
 Correct.
  Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think I brought up Bruno the Unicorn punk band Dangle Charm.
  What? I don't remember that.
 Are they all this level of fun?  Well, Bella Bot has a cute robot with a little bow in her hair or her metal head.
  And then Pippo the flying pig.
 We heard that was, we talked about Pippo before.
  The kids in the hall are suing currently.
 And the Peppa Pig people are right on the line.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
 They're both, they're working together.
  But Bruno the Unicorn punk band, he has like a star over his eye like Kiss, but Kiss weren't a punk band.
  Bruno the Unicorn punk band? So it's a single Bruno, but he's got a Unicorn punk band?  Well, we don't need to dissect this.
 Theodore Bear punk band as well.
 He's in the band as well.
  I think he plays the drums and there's Dino the dinosaur punk band.
 He plays the key tar in a punk band?  I think they don't understand.
 This is like a Jim and the holograms definition of punk.
  Yeah.
 So there are three characters.
 They, perhaps I just missed them.
  There were so many specific characters on the Pandora episode.
 It's good though.
  I'm glad we saw this because it's very important.
  I'm glad we get wifi here in the underworld.
  Yo, it's actually better here.
  That's another good thing about the underworld.
 We're coming around to it.
  While we're talking characters, I grabbed a bunch of pictures of Cha-Cha, the mascot walk around of Cha-Cha.
  Oh yeah, it's terrifying.
  And he's different in every one.
  Oh my God.
  There is no same snowflakes.
  There's one Cha-Cha in that roundup of photos you have that's like the full body Cha-Cha, but the outfit looks like Cha-Cha's at home lounging.
  He looks in his loungewear.
  But then he's pictured with a young child.
  Holding a different Cha-Cha.
  It just feels very unwholesome.
  Holding one of his babies.
  Does he look like, one of those look like Gex? Remember the video game character Gex?  Oh I do.
 What platform was he from?  PS, the PlayStation?  I always remember being in a Fry's Electronics and discovering Gex and going, I guess I'm going to fall in love with Gex.
  I didn't know Gex.
  Like I did Sonic.
  Gex is like, look how cool Gex is.
  Gex is cool.
  What was his platform? Where was Gex from?  PlayStation and then I think maybe you could get it on a computer as well.
  There was a sequel where he had like a tuxedo jacket on.
  Oh you could get him on all.
 It was on Game Boy and 6, 10, 64.
  Enter the Gecko.
  I was more of a Sega Genesis kind of gal.
  Well I think Gex was a little bit after the Genesis.
  Maybe, yeah.
  But perhaps he was on Sega Dreamcast.
  Cha-Cha looks like he's having fun.
  Yeah, there's something that's very appealing about Cha-Cha.
  And I want to say, I remember my manager at the time being so excited to rattle off statistics of like, we sell the most Cha-Cha dolls.
  Out of the Tri-State area for rainforest cafes or something.
  I was like, that's cool dude.
  The 90s were a great time to be a tree frog.
  It really was.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I felt like every fifth t-shirt you'd see on a kid had a tree frog on it.
  For sure.
  Well there was the whole environmental t-shirt racket that we got sold in elementary school.
  So I certainly had.
  I felt like that helped something if you bought a t-shirt.
  Yeah, you bought a shirt.
  Do we all have that?  Yeah, well that was sort of the same principles that Rainforest Cafe was started on.
  And then like capitalism and corporate greed took over.
  What's up with this original founder? Was it sort of a, was it kind of cooler and more well-intentioned?  I think a little bit, but it also, it's very interesting to sort of research these things sort of similar to Rockafire Explosion and those kind of like, you know, one kooky guy is starting something, stories.
  Wants to be a waltz essentially.
  Yeah, yeah.
 He actually, and I don't know fully what his background was before this.
  I imagine he worked in businesses in some degree.
  But he had the idea for the Rainforest Cafe in the early 90s and decided that as like a prototype for what he wanted to sell investors on, he figured that a simple pitch with just, you know, printed images and the way you normally pitch a business could not do to fully sell the experience of the Rainforest Cafe.
  So he decided whether it was his own house or he bought a new house, he completely converted a house to look like what would eventually be the Rainforest Cafe.
  Cool.
  I have, yes, I have some statistics where he used 3,700 extension cords to power 20 different sound systems, lights and fog.
 He had 40 tropical birds, two 150 pound tortoises, a baboon, an iguana, and a bevy of tropical fish.
  He wrote a book called It's a Jungle in There about the way he started Rainforest Cafe.
  And it took 20 different hook and ladders to put out that electrical fire.
  Exactly.
 Yeah.
 He, so he, oh, he also had a greenhouse lab installed on the roof of his house with like a full bar and tables.
  This is actually one of my favorite details.
 He also had real butterflies bred, quote, to determine how long they would survive and whether they would fall in the food.
  So that's the kind of research my man did.
  Oh, God.
 I wonder what he determined.
  This article also said, in this article, I got this information from atlasobscura.
com, that his neighbor's guest, he was running either quote, a temple for devil worship or a bordello.
  And the local power company thought he was growing weed because he had, I think this was in Minneapolis maybe, somewhere, he or Minnesota.
  The first location was Mall of America.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It was like sort of in that region.
  But he like won a record for like highest single owner gas bill or power bill at like something crazy, like $12,000.
  So they were like, my man's growing weed for sure.
 This is also the go-go 90s.
  And this is a hoarding of this guy would get evicted from the state at this point.
  So he invited investors over and they were like, this guy's weird.
  Immediately.
 Yeah, we got to give this guy a few million to sell chicken fingers.
  Well, it's funny you say that, Jason, because eventually he convinced some guy, oh, his name was Lyle Berman, who eventually invested $1.
2 million and then became immediately Rainforest Café's first chairman and CEO.
  And they opened in 1994 at the Mall of America.
 But yeah, he described his process, the original guy.
  I think his name is Steve Schussler.
 But he said that it was a very field of dream situation for him.
  That was his business strategy.
 If you build it, they will come.
 And if you wreck a house, maybe some crazy billionaire will bail you out.
  And is it going to pay for the removal of butterfly corpses?  Oh my God, that is such a wild detail.
 But yeah, that's the guy who started the Rainforest Café.
  Wow.
 This is insane.
 And it's also insane.
 This is in the same, you know, this guy's tinkering in his private, heavily themed laboratory.
  Just as miles up the road, a young man named Prince built a compound where they could store any idea he had and where he could just have a few ideas left and right and nobody would judge him.
  Every room wired for sound.
 Yeah.
 He would record in the bathroom.
  He would start singing a song in the bathroom.
 Every room with stuff Cha Cha.
  I love Cha Cha.
 Do you think that Prince went to the Rainforest Café when it opened?  I hope he did.
 I hope he did.
 It must have been a like.
.
.
 Celebrate a birthday on any day because he doesn't track time or he didn't.
  Is there a Prince bootleg where he's like, I'm going to bring up my friend now.
 His name's Cha Cha.
 Cha Cha comes out and dances.
  Well Cha Cha was his protege for a long time.
 Yeah, of course.
 He put out a three disc CD album.
 You can only get it at Target.
  He named Cha Cha.
 Yeah, he named Cha Cha.
  And of course they made love.
 Tried to get him to star in the last Dragon sequel.
 Didn't work out.
  But Prince Slee demanded, like called the Rainforest Café at 530 a.
m.
 and said, like, are you open?  I got 70 people coming.
 Is that your Prince voice? Yes.
 It's just this.
  I like it.
 You open? He's got like kind of that cheekiness.
 There's a couple different versions of Prince too.
  There's the one where he's kind of like feeling a little cute.
 Yeah.
 I think that's the one you're talking about.
  Kind of cheeky.
 But then there's one where he's like, I feel like he's in a bad mood and he's like, no.
 Yes.
 Are you open?  Like there's just nothing.
 He's not putting anything on it.
 And then there's an occasion where he's like animated, which is shocking to see.
  But it's really fun to see that he's like a human being.
 Yeah.
 Because he was a human being.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's really such a mystery.
 I just watched this incredible.
 I've been posting on Instagram these like stars reenactment shows that are so bad.
  Oh, yeah.
 There is one where the Prince looked incredible, like so the best and most Prince looking Prince of Berserker you could ever imagine.
  Then he speaks.
 He's playing pool with his dad.
 And then like, why do they give these people lines?  Just don't do it.
 Because when he talks, it's like, well, I guess I lost that game.
 No.
  What acts like 20 accents? What is this? Reenactment? Yeah.
 Should be.
  He did a song to on my heart.
  I'm sorry.
 Maybe I'm just like my father.
 And it's like B 52.
 Maybe I'm just like my father.
  He's never satisfied.
 I feel like anytime we're tired, like Prince Prince honestly doesn't come up as much as he should, because I assume you and I are.
  Twenty four hours removed from a new piece of information or a new thing we've watched on YouTube, because I don't know for I'm 24 hours removed from seeing Morris Day talk about the last time he talked to Prince.
  Well, Prince told him he loved him and Morris.
 He got to say that.
 Yeah.
  He said that Prince all of a sudden was like, I'm going to we're going to do a full tour of Europe and I'm going to like get behind you guys again or something.
  And he's like, wow.
 And then he's like, hey, I love you, man.
 And more stay was like something is different.
  Did you read that New Yorker piece about him from the guy who was going to write his biography book that's out? Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And like how that's like the last days were like the most heartbreaking because he could just sense because he wasn't not like Prince knew.
  But like there was just a lot of things that were on the horizon.
 And he was like making all these promises.
 Yeah.
  But of course, Prince weighed in on theme parks in the song Lady Cab Driver, where he's critical of the tourists at Disneyland.
  He seems to be like, I don't think he liked it.
 Yeah.
 So in the context of this podcast, we have to say fuck Prince.
  Unfortunately, I'll say it.
 I'll say it.
 Fuck Prince.
 You have to.
 And as soon as this is done, I love Prince.
  But for the dare you make that comment about the tourists at Disneyland.
  Yeah.
 That reminds me the one of the first times that I'm sure you guys have experienced this of like the first time there was a very clear record scratch of like, oh, other people don't enjoy theme parks like I do.
  I was actually going to school at Chapman and had roommates that didn't go to school there, but like went to Cal State Fullerton, whatever.
  Feel like we found each other in Craigslist.
 And I remember talking to one of my roommates and just talking about like how much fun Disneyland is and like how I maybe have even gone to like get the job in Rainforest Cafe.
  And my roommate saying that she hated Disneyland, that it wasn't fun.
 And her reasoning was that it's always busy.
 And what fun is that?  And my mind was completely blown.
 I was like, well, then you don't go when it's busy.
 Yeah.
  Most people do zero research on anything and they just expect to like, yeah, show up and it'll work.
 It'll be great.
 And it's like, hey, man, maybe look at like what just Google the phrase.
  What time of day should I go to Disney? What time of year should I go to Disneyland?  I mean, and I'm not asking to go to isitpacked.
com.
 Yes.
 But bookmark that in your browser.
  It's such an easy Google.
 You can plan your day, your week, your year around it.
 Yeah.
 Just to write off a place for it being busy on a July day is absurd.
  But even like a restaurant, like people get frustrated they can't just walk in.
 And it's like, well, do you make a reservation? Do you see if it's a walk in kind of place?  Like, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So they should learn to love research and then they'll learn to love.
 And then I was like, don't talk to me until you've done it.
  She's like, please leave.
 I was like, not a problem.
 She's not to go to the dining hall.
 You know, you go at noon.
  You're right, Jason.
 You're right.
 You go at four p.
m.
 Yeah.
 Can I connect back to Rainforest Cafe based on that tangent? I read that.
  So the Rainforest Cafe opened in the Mall of America within a week.
 It was a three hour wait to be seated at any time of day.
 Yeah.
 What they said.
  I mean, I don't I don't want to sound like your roommate, but that sounds pretty shitty to me.
  Well, I mean, I would say that this situation is different because Rainforest Cafe is always shitty.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  You were to the store.
 Yeah.
 We haven't talked about the food and we probably not much to say about the food, but it's not good.
 It's really, really bad.
  My family would eat there when we were at downtown, formerly downtown Disney in Orlando.
  And I think we all looked forward to it and we all had a nice time.
 I cannot remember.
 I remember multicolored drinks.
 That's it.
  I don't remember anyone going.
 This food is very good.
 How often do you how many times did you eat there?  Between this and I think there was one briefly in somewhere in Pennsylvania.
 There's still one on the Atlantic City Boardwalk.
  I think I've eaten at Rainforest Cafe like four times, four or five times.
  I really briefly want to say that, like when I worked there, so in like the backstage area, we had like a break area that the servers and the people that worked in the retail would all hang out in.
  And that's sort of where it felt the most like this high school divide because they would all hang out and be like gregarious on one side and all of the retail trolls like myself would just be like, you know, crouched over their little foods, food plates.
  But they would give us free food, but it would always be for our shift.
 It would always be like very basic rubbery pasta.
  But then if we wanted to buy something, it would be like a dollar for this or something.
  But even still with that, like I just had I had to go walk through the kitchen every day to get to my shift and just seeing that kitchen was and the smell of the kitchen was really wretched.
  And I also so in my research of coming over here today, I just looked, I googled Rainforest Cafe food and found a litany of Reddit threads of people talking about food poisoning and like all these terrible things.
  But the best thing that I found, and this did not happen when I was there, but I'm delighted that it happened after somebody had a birthday dessert.
  Usually, I want to say that they would do that volcano brownie thing, which was fun at first and annoying after because you had to yell volcano every time I came through.
  But somebody had a birthday dessert and what they brought out was a ice cream sandwich that you could buy at the store and or an ice cream truck with a single candle.
  And I know that this is real because the Rainforest Cafe table is in the background.
  I can send this to y'all and you can post it on your Twitter.
  But it is the saddest thing I've ever seen in my life.
  We have to show the listener the angle of the candle because it's not put in the cookie part.
  It's like sticking diagonally out of the side.
  That's crazy.
  I want to say that like they did this before because usually you'd be able to tell if they tried to stick the candle in the middle and you'd see a little bit of that resistance from the cookie.
  But there's no resistance.
  They have done this before and we're like, no, you got to go straight to the ice cream.
  And it's this really limp, flaccid, terrible image.
  The dullest ice cream sandwich you've ever seen.
  Ice cream candle at half mast to represent that you are almost dead as you celebrate your birthday.
  Oh, that is the saddest birthday you could imagine.
  Oh my God.
  The food is the worst.
  It might be up there in terms of Big Chain restaurant, one of the worst.
  How many times have you eaten there?  Well, now I'm wondering, have I ever actually?  Oh, well, as far as what you mean, I know I've eaten there.
  I did the once when I was too high.
  So that spoiled that.
  Twice.
 I've eaten twice.
  Once in like 94 or 95 in Woodfield.
  And then when I got the hamburger to go to validate my parking after I saw Dick Van Dyke in the Disneyland parade.
  And you're stuffing that on the way home.
  And I ate it in the car.
  And I do remember the food being bad in 95 when I have no palette whatsoever.
  Everything was good to us in 95.
  Yeah.
  My children.
  Yeah.
  And I remember some sort of long wait.
  It felt like an event.
  Yeah.
  And then I do just have a vague memory of like, this doesn't taste very good.
  Yeah.
  I'd actually never been there before I worked there and didn't have any loyalties to it.
  I just really wanted to work for the Disney Resort and would take anything.
  But I want to say that there was a restaurant called the Amazon that was in I want to say Sherman Oaks.
  Do you guys know?  I never got to do this.
  I remember that was bad.
  Oh, you didn't like it.
  I liked it.
  I just I think I had like dessert there once.
  Like we went there after eating dinner somewhere else and we're like, oh, this place looks cool.
  Yeah.
  And I got like a still like undefrosted piece of like cheesecake or chocolate cake.
  Well, sometimes it was cool.
  It was a mom and pop operation.
  They had bad days.
  But that basically was our like if that wasn't there, maybe we would have gone to the Rainforest Cafe.
  But like as a kid, that was like our celebration place for a while.
  I remember after my fifth grade graduation, like my mom treating me and my friends to a meal at the Amazon.
  And we all got like our own personal pizzas, which were a big deal.
  I think it had gone downhill by 2010.
  I bet.
 I bet.
  But it was a similar concept to the Rainforest Cafe.
  It was like whoever whatever mom and pop, whatever person was just blatantly ripping off the concept of the Rainforest Cafe.
  But they did have so it was all decorated with like fake plants on the inside, really immersive theming.
  And I want to say like one animal robot.
  There was a robot.
  There was also I remember as I talked about before, like noticeable for after I turned 21, the first place my dad and I had a beer was on the patio second floor of the Rainforest Cafe.
  And it was the first time he had ever, ever been to Disneyland.
  And it was where we could get it.
  Like it was a Friday night.
  Everywhere was packed.
  Yeah.
 And that was the only place we could get in.
  And it was in October.
  And the nights are cold in October sometimes in Los Angeles.
  So like we were like cuddling by a heat lamp because it like dropped by the time we sat down to like by the time we had ended, it was fully cold nighttime.
  Great times.
 Great times.
  It's a great place.
  The it maintains.
 Do you realize that this is I mean not the newer not the ones in China, but the the original four Disney properties, it's at all of them.
  There are two of them.
  Now it's gone.
 But Disneyland.
  It opened in Disney World first.
  Two in Florida.
  The one where we covered before the Paris place and Tokyo, the Xpery, the mall.
  Oh yeah.
  It is it is it is such a there's such a Disney partnership with this terrible, terrible.
  I guess they and I understand you go to it for theming.
  But why does the food have to be so?  Yeah.
  How have they gotten away with it?  I don't know.
  Why can't it be as good as Chili's?  Right.
  It would take very little for it to be halfway decent.
  And it's it's so like egregiously bad.
  And I don't know what it was like before the before Landry's took over.
  It kind of feels like the same argument of like McDonald's fries used to be great before that lawsuit happened.
  Yeah.
  I almost can't let you pass on that phrase.
  Why can't it be like Chili's?  I guess you're right, because Chili's is fine.
  I love Chili's.
  So it's also very consistent.
  I don't find that to be true.
  I've had terrible Chili's.
  I don't know what it is about Chili's, but I it's my favorite of all those tiered level Olive Garden, whatever Applebee's.
  I don't know.
  Chili's always delivers.
  I always thought Fridays was.
  Red Robin was always the one that was the solid one for our family.
  Or is it Islands one of these?  I guess you could throw Islands in there.
  I forget what I said Islands is one of these.
  And to this day, Islands is like my way to go.
  You get a little theming.
  You get a little bit of theming in there.
  And that free punch that like makes your teeth feel brittle.
  Oh, yeah.
  Well, as you said, if there has been like a well, it seems like it was always bad and always bad in Schomburg.
  But if there has been a turn, at least away from the original philosophy, maybe some of it has to do with the Landry's Corporation and the inevitable to be mentioned Tillman Fertitta.
  As I said, I watched interviews of this guy.
  He's very Toby Husk.
  He's like, like, yeah, I thought I would watch video of the what?  He's the CEO of.
  He's that.
  Yes, he's in charge of Landry's.
  He owns the Houston Rockets.
  He also owns five gold nugget, gold nugget casinos.
  Yeah.
  Landry's also where we had the kerfuffle at the City Walk Saga.
  Bubba gum shrimp.
  Oh, yeah.
  They're bubble gum points.
  Your points issue.
  What else is it?  It's claim jumper McCormick and Schmicks.
  Oh, yes, that's right.
  Joe's Crab Shack.
  A number of aquariums in Texas.
  The Kemal Boardwalk in Kemal, Texas.
  Hmm.
  Hmm.
  Chart House.
  Chart House is them, which is pretty good.
  Pretty nice.
  Some of these are great.
  Yeah.
  But why do we why do we know or care about Tillman Fertitta?  Well, probably because when we were in Schaumburg, there were many, many copies of his angry  looking book in the retail store, their equivalent of where you were, Julia.
  And if you go, I think you have this too, Jason.
  I think we have the same screen grab.
  I can't wait.
  To rainforestcafe.
com, at least as we record this, maybe not by the time the listener hears  it, but you are you immediately get a pop up ad of this book.
  Shut up and listen.
  Oh, no.
  CEO and Houston Rockets owner Tillman Fertitta.
  God, these fucking guys love to write books.
  They love these kinds of fucking love it.
  Goldie books.
  Yeah.
  I didn't just get this out of nowhere.
  I worked for it.
  Which is not I mean, it's not somebody who doesn't have a chip on their shoulder does,  you know, like they obviously are trying to construct the narrative, you know, by their  terms.
  So you also get this pop up at the website for Chart House for Bubba Gump Shrimp.
  Oh, my God.
  For T-Rex Cafe.
  Oh, that we forgot that one.
  For Joe's Crab Shack.
  Amazing.
  Not for Golden Nugget.
  I'm assuming because there's so many regulations around gaming.
  So this guy just shoving his book in people's faces.
  I will say to this man's credit, I thought I'd watch it because this cover is so angry.
  He just seems like he seems like he's presenting himself in sort of a Gordon Ramsay kind of  like the Hell's owner.
  He's got like a Steve Jobs kind of half lit portrait.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  They're all trying to be Steve Jobs in some way.
  They love it.
  They have such a boner for him.
  He also wants to be like the prophet or one of these guys because he has there.
  I didn't even realize there was three seasons of a show on CNBC hosted by this man.
  Yeah.
  Million dollar buyer.
  Yeah, I didn't know about this either.
  Yeah.
  I never caught if we weren't.
  I mean, it shows you how putting the books in the store do a lot because now Tillman Fertitta  could not be more on our minds.
  So it does work and the pop up ads work.
  But if you're there, if you're going to check out what's how is Joe's crab check price in  the crab right now, why do you want to hear about a billionaire's book?  Yeah, right.
  But of course it's because he wants to be as famous as all the people we just mentioned  because he's like the Rainforest Cafe isn't the star.
  I'm the star.
  Tillman is the star.
  Yeah.
  But it hasn't happened for him yet.
  I mean, he's probably watching like Jon Taffer and going like, that's me.
  That's what I do every time I walk into any business.
  I could be him.
  Yeah.
  Tillman Fertitta.
  Do you guys know about the CNBC show West Texas Investors Club?  No, I don't.
  Don't like me.
  That is co-hosted by Matthew McConaughey's brother.
  Oh.
  Rooster?  Huh?  Rooster McConaughey?  I think it's Rooster.
  Is that a true name?  I believe his real name is Rooster.
  I think that's right.
  Great.
  Yes, this is a show I used to watch of my old job and it's like good old boys.
  Did you have to watch it?  I did have to QC it.
  I would QC it and we had it in multiple aspect ratios.
  It's Rooster.
  It's a Rooster McConaughey.
  It's Rooster.
  It's him and another guy who are very wealthy investing in like country business, you know,  real America businesses, which I feel like Tillman Fertitta would be in favor of.
  He has a lot of thoughts about business.
  Was anyone, did you look at the book?  No, I thought about it and I didn't.
  I really probably should have like on the way from Orlando just bought the book, read  the book on the plane, but I didn't do it.
  Okay.
  That long five hour ride.
  I could have gotten a lot of shut up and listen in.
  There's an app called Libby and that's like you borrow ebooks from the library.
  I have cards at LA library and Burbank library.
  So I'm like, well, surely I can get this book.
  I could place a hold.
  I could not borrow an ebook because there is currently a six week wait, six week wait  for this book.
  But with Libby, you can read an excerpt.
  So I read the introduction.
  Oh my God.
  Okay.
  All right.
  This is so this is from he explains everything that he owns and then he sets up in this book.
  I want to share some of the key ideas and strategies.
  I used to build an entertainment and hospitality empire that covers the globe.
  To do that, I'd like to begin with a warning.
  Be just like me.
  Never ever stop worrying about your business.
  Why?  Because when it comes to business and most everything else in life, there is a paddle  for everybody's ass.
  Whoa.
  And you never know when it's coming or where it's coming from.
  I really do believe that.
  I don't care if things are going well for you that you think you know it all.
  Put this one thing in your head.
  There is a paddle coming for your ass right now.
  Wow.
  I can hear those words at a Harvard Business School commencement speech, but I could also  hear it in a YMCA locker room.
  Yeah.
  Two same experiences.
  So and he talks about the book is divided into five sections and stuff.
  So that's the beginning of this like setup chapter.
  Oh my God.
  And then the very end of it, despite all my success, I walk around every day making sure  that the paddle doesn't get my ass.
  Wow.
  I can take a few taps, but I don't want a big squat.
  No, I can take a few taps.
  Neither do you.
  So saying this in the nicest way possible, shut up and listen.
  Let's get started.
  Wow.
  A big squat.
  Who plays him in the movie about his life?  Oh, it's Toby Hus.
  Toby Hus.
  Toby Hus.
  He's like, if you watch him, he's kind of like a folksy guy.
  He seems nice, but he seems like he might fuck you over too.
  Yeah.
  Big squat.
  Jason, do you remember when we- I can take a couple swats.
  I can take a swat or two.
  I can take like 19 swats a day.
  Oh, you want to hit me in the swat spot?  Or 20?  Yeah, then my swat spot's getting soft.
  We were in a- for a Vegas bachelor party, Jason and I were together and he was high  and he was worried that that German beer wench was going to give his bottom a big squat with  a paddle.
  A literal paddle.
  In that moment, it would have been fair to say there's a paddle coming for your ass.
  Yeah.
  Coming for my ass.
  So he ran out of there.
  And then probably the whole book is like, well, you know, giving a presentation to a  board of directors is like, well, they're like a bunch of paddles and you're like an  ass.
  He only has one metaphor.
  So when you're running a restaurant, the kitchen staff is like an ass.
  I think this guy knows that.
  And they're coming for you, the ass, if they're not happy.
  There was a chapter called like, give the people what they want, parentheses.
  It was something like, if they're watering eggs, give them eggs.
  And on the Rainforest Cafe menu, there is a build your own omelet on the item.
  Like on the dinner menu.
  So you think there's a connection to that?  So I think there's connection because I think a paddle came for his ass when someone wanted  eggs and they weren't prepared.
  I guess that's a weird menu item for a rainforest themed eatery.
  I'll give him this.
  I heard the breakfast was okay at the MGM Grand one that is now closed.
  So they might have done breakfast okay.
  And that's the best comment.
  It's pretty hard to like how like in an airport, like Romano's Macaroni Grill has to serve  breakfast.
  Yeah, it's a different menu.
  Could you go with you want a couple of paddled eggs?  It gets served on a paddle and people are asking questions like, well, I'm glad you  asked that comes from this book.
  And they like upsell you.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Why paddles you ask?  Well, and then all your silverware is little paddle.
  I wouldn't put it past them.
  Part of my job there that I didn't mention is that, yeah, I was a Pathfinder retail sales  associate, but I also was tasked with interrupting people's celebratory meals by asking them  if I wanted a photo to commemorate the experience.
  Oh yeah.
  I had to do that.
  You were to borrow Mary Holland's phrase, though it's not medieval times, your photo  wench.
  I was a photo wench.
  A rainforest photo wench.
  I was so embarrassed to work there.
  And so I mean, like interrupting someone's conversation is my worst fear.
  Like, I hate it.
  Even if it's like good friends, I'm like, I'll just wait until they look off into the  distance and then I'll swoop in.
  But I had to do that over and over and over.
  And there were a couple of occasions where like people that went to my college who I  didn't really know that well, but I know that like we knew each other.
  I'd be like, hi, how are you?  I'm working here and interrupting them.
  And no one ever asked for a printout of the photo because it cost so much, like very similar  to medieval times, or it's like 20 bucks for like one photo.
  But the one time that somebody did want to like do the upsell and buy the photo, I was  like jubilant.
  I was so excited to go back to my shitty manager and be like, look what I did.
  I'm the best employee here.
  But then, of course, the memory card got totally fucked up and ended up not happening.
  And I had to apologize profusely operating a PC computer that was like years out of date  and be like, I hope it's here.
  I swear it's here.
  I took the photo and it's like this woman with her young daughter and I'm just like  breaking their hearts.
  Oh, gosh.
  Yeah, it was the worst.
  You were asked for it and you couldn't do it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That was part of the reason why I didn't look back when I walked away.
  That's a Twilight Zone episode.
  It was.
  You must have felt there was a big old paddle coming your way.
  Yeah, I know.
  I want to say one more thing before we go into the story of the Rainforest Cafe of  the one highlight and something that my sister still brings up and we'll laugh about.
  One time I was working in the gift shop and there was a kid, I'll say about eight, this  little boy who was just running fucking ragged in the whole gift shop and knocking over everything  like problem child status.
  And at first I was like, oh no.
  But then the dad was like quickly darting behind him and he just kept shouting, hey,  hey, what would your sensei say?  Hey, what would your sensei say?  It's like the funniest.
  I went from like, oh, fuck this kid to thank God I was here.
  That was amazing.
  And then the one time I saw a celebrity, Kelsey Grammer came in to have dinner with his new  young wife and their very young child.
  Whoa.
  So I bet Frazier was going to see his animal buddy, Niall.
  You really was.
  Hey.
  Oh, you did.
  I filed Niall way earlier.
  I didn't have anywhere to put it.
  There it is.
  You can go home.
  That was good.
  We can break for lunch now.
  Take a little snooze.
  In case the sector keeper is coughing somewhere, is there anything we should get out before  we move on?  Well, I mean, the menu, we didn't talk about it.
  The menu seems like a drag nowadays.
  I just have the menu open from the Disney Springs location.
  And it's like, you know, there's anaconda pasta.
  There's rasta pasta.
  There's a, where was the other one?  There's a dessert tribal cheesecake.
  Yeah.
  Which is like just regular cheesecake.
  Yeah.
  I also read the sparkling volcano, which I mentioned previously, which the whole restaurant,  anyone that worked there would have to erupt and go volcano and like yell it together.
  I used to work at Cold Stone before this, so I was very used to singing in a work environment.
  But I read, so it was three wedge shaped brownies propped up by vanilla ice cream and whipped  topping on top, drizzled with chocolate and caramel sauce.
  When I worked there on top of all that, they would have sparklers that would be going off  while they were walking through the restaurant.
  I read recently they changed that to being just like, cause no sparklers, it's too dangerous.
  So they just put like a little flag in it, which feels not the same.
  It doesn't even feel like a cocktail flag.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Wouldn't it make sense if it was a flag for, you know, a place where the rainforest existed,  but I don't think that they went that far.
  Had the friends on it.
  No wild bunch.
  It did not have the wild bunch.
  Shasha says, happy birthday.
  Oh, I also wanted to say one more thing that I read about the parrot lady.
  Oh, please.
  Oh, her name is Debbie Goodrich.
  They would do offsite school programming.
  So like field trips to schools.
  And this is like where it gets really sneaky.
  And I'm like, Hmm, I see you.
  And I like it.
  They would do, they would, the apparently it would go and she would take all of her  parrots and animals and stuff, go to schools.
  And then at the end of the presentation, they would give like one free kids menu item coupons  to all the kids and get them young and get them turned to their parents and be like,  cause it's only valid if an adult buys.
  Right.
  Have their own entree.
  Go to a school and hand out quires for this bad restaurant.
  I kind of, but I kind of liked that hustle.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, Tillman, Tillman would approve.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You're avoiding the paddle with that.
  Do you realize also that just really quick that Tillman, Tillman Fertitta kind of in  the news right now, because there was this whole, the whole NBA.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I think there's a guy who like said general manager, you're on your own, Darrell Maury,  I think his name.
  Yeah.
  Tillman sort of like kowtowing to China a little bit.
  Yeah.
  Cause so.
  Well.
  And he apparently was off like, he was, he stayed pretty, he's shut up about the topic  otherwise, but people have noticed on Instagram, he's liking a lot of posts saying that that  general manager should be fired.
  Whoa.
  So bleak.
  That little sneaky, that weird like.
  He's not a very alpha move.
  He was friends with.
  Yeah.
  That's kind of.
  It's Cindy was said he was friends with that one democratic center or congressperson.
  But then he was also saying like the Trump, the deregulation from Trump is going to be  good for the oil business.
  Yeah.
  Here we go.
  Yeah.
  I have a feeling we know how this guy voted.
  Yeah.
  We'll plan to vote.
  Well, but I also found a different, I found an interview with him from 2016 where, you  know, well, Trump is saying this and he says, I don't think we're gonna have to worry about  a president Trump.
  Oh boy.
  So.
  I mean, he's certainly.
  Where's he?  Where's he?  We all got paddled on our ass.
  Yeah.
  He might.
  Not him.
  He's rich enough.
  He benefits.
  He's got a huge tax cut.
  He also bought the Rockets for the most anyone's ever bought a basketball team for.
  How much?  2.
2 billion.
  Whoa.
  And he tried to buy it in 1993.
  I don't know what's going on.
  That's like, I want to say like at least 200 million more than somebody paid for the Clippers  who runs the Clippers.
  And he almost bought it in 93 for like 16 times less and he got outbid.
  So that's how much a basketball team appreciates.
  So if you're looking to invest, try a basketball team.
  Oh my God.
  I just can't imagine being so rich that you're like, well, I guess I'll buy a bunch of humans  to enact my master plan.
  And other rich.
  I mean.
  Is this guy friends with Cuban or do you think it's like when you get too magnet?  It's like, no, you got to have positive negative.
  You can't have two positives.
  They really have each other.
  It might be a little bit of that.
  I imagine it'll be like a friendly yet contentious real housewives like relationship.
  Yeah.
  Either he's admiring Cubans, the work Cubans had done, or he's like, have you seen how  Cuban looks?  He looks like shit.
  I'm going to like some posts on Instagram.
  I'm going to say that it's like depending on who's in his company, he can shit talk  or move up the totem pole.
  Mark Cuban says Tillman for Tita got a bargain buying the Houston Rockets for 2.
2 billion.
  Like respect.
  Oh, so some.
  Yeah.
  Well, wow.
  Well, then I take back everything I said.
  But Mark Cuban is no longer NBA is only Texas billion, Texan billionaire celebrity.
  So they are similar.
  So they're competing.
  Hmm.
  Yeah.
  But friendly rivals may be.
  Two way tie for last.
  All right.
  Are we moving on to a quick pit stop before sure evil figures?  You're you're EBA, you're EBA, which truly this could this have been in the grab bag  of Fallen Brothers, probably.
  But it's kind of in the you know, it was one of the bigger ones, one of the bigger box  ones because workforce cafe is huge.
  House of Blues is huge.
  This one's here.
  It became.
  Uh, Tortilla Joe's and it was more of a nightclub.
  It was it was more it was more of a live entertainment destination, I believe, which is why Tortilla  Joe's is so huge and there is there are stages in there.
  Did you work there then?  You would have haven't have done your EBA, your EBA.
  I think I worked there after when it was Tortilla Joe's, but I do remember your EBA, your EBA  because I was a frequent I was frequent in downtown Disney quite often.
  Oh, yeah.
  And our next place we're heading.
  Yeah.
  I knew it was owned by Gloria Estefan.
  Is that OK?  OK, OK.
  And that's all I knew.
  Other thing because because in Florida is another thing called bongos Cuban cafe.
  Yeah, I think the other thing.
  Well, then, you know, I conflated the two.
  But I do remember it being there.
  And listen, like a lot of these places, my most familiarity with them is a place to get  validation for parking in the previous iteration of the downtown Disney parking rules, which  they probably change because people like myself have exploited it so much.
  They seem to change it every six months.
  Yeah.
  So there are there.
  But for a while it was five hours free with validation.
  And so I would do the same bit every time.
  And if I was like with somebody I was dating, I'd be like, hang back.
  I don't want you to see this.
  I'd like go over to whatever hostess and be like, hi, I ate here earlier, but I forgot  to get this validated.
  And they'd be like, OK, who was your server?  I want to say his name was Chris.
  What did he look like?  He had dark hair, I want to say.
  And then I would just like exasperate them until they stamped it.
  And I did get a couple times from I want to say the pizza place Naples.
  They would get really like, there's not a Chris that works here.
  And like really be testy with me.
  But Yareba was a good spot.
  That's like being the prosecutor and catching the defendant.
  Yeah.
  Be like, OK, well then fuck me.
  And I'd like leave and do it two doors down.
  But that's all my memory of Yareba.
  Yareba was that it was they were a good mark.
  Like I bet a Chris works at the rainforest cafe.
  But also, I mean, if I did eat there, let's say I did, I would not remember the name of  my server.
  I would not remember what he looked like.
  Not to say that I don't clock humans in the world, but it's just, you know, you're eating  a meal.
  So many things are happening.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'd be the same way.
  If I were working on the other side, I'd go check the receipt.
  Look at the receipt then.
  That'd be the way to know the name.
  But I don't want to be one of these snooties telling you your story is wrong.
  I never want to be on the other side of that.
  I mean, it takes them two seconds to stamp a thing and like, I'm a nice lady.
  Sure.
  I checked my pocket.
  Oh, I think my husband has it.
  Yeah, I've done that.
  I would say quite fast.
  Yeah.
  Just say, I swear to God, I give so much money to the Disney company and I will again in  the future.
  Absolutely.
  If I could show you my whole phone photo history, they'll be getting money sooner or later.
  Yeah.
  They have the air I breathe.
  They have everything from me.
  My brain is controlled by them.
  This place seems to have had some trouble according to mousepad.
com.
  I was also on mousepad.
com.
  I was at Laughing Place.
  It seemed very positive.
  I think they just reworded the press release.
  I was at Bumper Car Boys.
  No, no.
  Never.
  What?  They don't even care.
  They don't care about these red fronts.
  No.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  This place I think had to file for chapter 11.
  It got chased out entirely.
  What I found was that there was some discussion of what might replace it.
  On this old message board, somebody said an unsubstantiated rumor that maybe a P.
F.
  Changs will replace it.
  The next post down was, yes, yes, yes, I want a P.
F.
 Changs there.
  The next one after that was, okay, calming down now.
  Breathe slowly.
  Don't get your hopes up too much about a P.
F.
 Changs being at Disneyland.
  Oh, no.
  I mean, I wish I had that kind of zest.
  Meanwhile, the hollow shell of a former P.
F.
 Changs is miles away from where we are recording  this right now.
  Yes, it is.
  Oh, at the mall you meet.
  Yeah, that's true.
  That hasn't been replaced yet.
  No.
  Yeah.
  Everything moves so slowly.
  We were just talking about the last night in Burbank.
  Yeah.
  As far as building and things.
  Yeah, I mean, IKEA is still not anything near the old IKEA.
  It was a spirit Halloween part of it.
  Now there's just a bunch of dirty Teslas parked there.
  I think the closest Tesla dealership is much farther away.
  At the Americana?  No, at the IKEA.
  Yeah, there's a story.
  Oh, no.
  At the abandoned IKEA.
  There's just Teslas.
  Oh, yeah.
  They haven't been moved.
  So you just get valley dirt on them.
  There's a bunch of them in the parking garage too in the Burbank mall.
  They've bought space there as well.
  And then at the top of the Burbank mall parking garage, you can plug in the Teslas.
  Yes.
  But this isn't about the Burbank shopping area.
  No.
  Not yet.
  The media center.
  We know where this is all going.
  It seemed like they were trying to do a lot.
  Restaurant and nightclub.
  And an unknown brand.
  And an unknown brand.
  Even though, I mean, you really can't bank on the street traffic or the foot traffic  of downtown Disney being what is going to sustain your business.
  I think people want the planet Hollywoods and the rainforest cafes and the House of  Blues, which we'll talk about later.
  But there's not really a lot catering.
  This seems more like it was catering to the large Hispanic population in Orange County.
  But besides this, there really hasn't been a lot, I feel like.
  No.
  So you're letting down the community, you're saying?  I'm not saying letting down the community.
  It's not like these aren't the most authentic.
  No, no.
  I'm just saying like some lips, you know, some, you know.
  No, I think you're onto something with that.
  CityWalk has kind of a similar concept, or at least they did.
  And now that's out too.
  But the Comanchos.
  Oh, but now it's an Anohito.
  But it's a different cantina.
  Lateral move.
  I like someone in Florida.
  That was great.
  Which one in Florida?  Anohito.
  Oh, you did it in Florida?  I sure did.
  Oh, wow.
  Very good.
  I did it at One Night Before Horror Nights.
  I had chips and drinks.
  Fun.
  Well, and didn't they also have the vodka that is famously associated with Crystal Head  Vodka?  Yeah.
  That's blues.
  Mr.
 Dan Aykroyd, I think we're ready to talk.
  Going to blues.
  So it all starts with a young Dan Aykroyd and his love of the blues as a little boy.
  You see, when Dan Aykroyd was young, he was at the crossroads and he met a man.
  Oh, no.
  Oh, God.
  Um, Julia, you also frequented the House of Blues.
  Because on the, okay, I mean, we'll have our things to say about, you know, the blues of  it all, but it does seem like something that was successful about this House of Blues and  continues to be successful about the one that opened over at the Garden Wall.
  They moved it to a different Anaheim Mall.
  And it does seem like it is a legit venue for OC, punk and ska and related genres.
  Yes.
  We were talking a little bit off mic about my ska days that went from, I want to say,  like the tail end of middle school through all of high school.
  I spent, I grew up in North Hollywood and started going to ska shows.
  And then like when I was around 15, 16, didn't have a car yet and begged my mom to let me  take the 460 bus from downtown LA to Disneyland almost every weekend to go to, and that's  a two and a half hour ride.
  At one point you stop in Downey and have to pay the bus driver more money.
  So I would do that almost every weekend.
  And I was really committed and I would go to ska shows and then stay at a friend's house  and then come back on Sunday.
  So it was interesting now that I'm thinking about it, like I should have been with my  dad for weekend custody during these years, but I think we had switched it from weekend  custody to like him seeing me.
  We don't need to talk about my parents' divorce, but anyway.
  But then you also, you were saying that you would go, then you went to college in OC and  just went back up to LA every weekend.
  Yes, because it was a flip flop.
  I was obsessed with ska music and that was like sort of my precursor to then being in  the comedy scene in LA.
  So I mean, I guess it felt very similar, but kind of different.
  And then once I went to Chapman and lived in Orange County, then by just the way life  is my focus shifted.
  I was in film school now.
  I was an adult.
  I wanted to be a comedy writer and started doing standup in college and so, and then  also was interning at Comedy Central and FX during that time, so I would drive home every  weekend.
  So it was like a complete like parallel flip flop to my high school days.
  I would just go to LA.
  And so that's why I know literally three people from my college experience.
  You never had the time.
  Never had the time.
  Yeah.
  I just like bounced out of there.
  And yeah, so I saw a lot of shows at House of Blues that were ska shows, probably a couple  errant punk shows, but I was mostly a ska kid because that was the safe place for a  theater kid like myself.
  And that's where, you know, you go to an Aquabat show and before even the first band goes on  stage, everybody's in the venue playing Duck Duck Goose because they wanted to pass the  time and be goofy.
  And that would happen every single time.
  That's what the crowds are like.
  The crowds were like at the Aquabat shows.
  These are good boys.
  They are very good boys.
  And those shows, I will say, like if you still go to an Aquabat show today, it's going to  be fucking fun.
  It's got a little bit of a wrestling kind of, you know, angle to it because they have  fights on stage in between songs.
  I mean, they're doing the guar thing a little bit, but it's like guar wholesome style.
  They would have commercial breaks in the middle of their shows, which are really fun.
  I mean, all of this like fed into my young brain and was like, oh, comedy is great.
  And like silly is valuable.
  And the band that dresses up and has fun with the videos and like, and it's not it's a big  silly experience, the concert, not just we play songs and leave.
  Yeah.
  It wasn't like this sort of shrugging performative, we're too cool kind of thing.
  And I will say like, and my sister liked Ska music too, but like she was definitely more  in like the tool corn hot topic goth camp.
  So maybe I plunged deeper into Ska as like a way to be like, this is mine.
  But I enjoyed going to those shows because there always was a sense of play to them.
  And especially with yeah, Aquabats shows and real big fish shows, like they would tell  jokes in between songs and just like have a goofy time.
  And I'm a silly bitch.
  And so I felt like very much at home.
  And I want to say also, so I also kind of did a rock star Mark Wahlberg thing with the  Aquabats where I actually worked on the first season of their show as a writer.
  It was my second writing credit.
  And I want to say that like before they got their show, I was they did a show at House  of Blues and I got to go backstage.
  But the biggest I've been there.
  But the biggest thrill was that they have monsters that come out in costume during the  show and I got to dress up as one and like fight them.
  And that was really, really cool.
  Oh, that is cool.
  Yeah.
  I was wondering like whoever ends up in animal costumes in the flaming lip shows, that must  be like a huge deal.
  And it happened, I thought it would be this big grand thing and it was like, oh, we need  a mud girl.
  Can you be a mud girl?  And it would be like, oh me?  Like, OK.
  And like I overthought it and was like really trying to make a meal out of it.
  This is my chance.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm auditioning for, you know, like Mr.
 Hollywood.
  No, it was really, really fun.
  It was funny how you mythologize these things and what you realize ultimately are like.
  It's so flippant.
  Friends just making decisions quick, but they're elevated and they're gods to you when you're  at work.
  Yeah, exactly.
  And that's what I think a lot when people go and whatever, there are shades to us that  are different.
  But like when people are like, oh, yeah, they just hired their fucking friend to work on  their show.
  I'm like, well, yeah, that's just those are how a lot of those decisions are made because  they want to know that the dynamic is going to be something they're familiar with and  that they can just jump in instead of it being this like really awkward getting to know you  phase.
  And I don't know.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's usually that like, yeah, not merit based.
  And that a creative, yeah, well, not a creative like outlet is like this.
  This fun house with my friend, like I'd be in his dreams.
  Everybody wants Empire Records, I want to say.
  Sure.
  Yeah, we're all shooting for it.
  So in this case, you know, I think something that we come back to with a lot of these with  City Walk with Denton Disney is that a lot of these places feel like who would actually  go to the who would any of these places where why would this actually be like a hub or a  place that you are all the time?  And I guess in this regard, that was the blues was legitimate and the new one continued to  be like a genuine good venue in the county.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I think what you're saying, the local stuff for sure, that's that's sustaining it.
  Did you look back, though, with the first couple of years of concerts at this?  I mean, I know I know who opened it.
  I know yellow card opened it.
  Yes.
  But like Johnny Cash played really?  Wow.
  Ray Charles played the House of Blues in Anaheim.
  Whoa.
  I got James Brown.
  I got James Brown.
  I got Edda James a bunch.
  Warren Zevon played the one.
  All of these are at the one.
  Disney.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  2001, two and three.
  Dennis Quaid.
  Oh, you got D Quaid.
  D Quaid.
  It falls off.
  I knew he did music and of course he was there.
  You can for sure see it fall.
  I mean, Paul.
  That gives me an idea.
  It falls off a little bit.
  Rebecca Black.
  Oh, Rebecca Black.
  Of course, our friend, Daughtry.
  I'm surprised.
  I'm surprised.
  Hold on.
  I'll get to who I thought you were going to show me in one second.
  Well, we might have the same one about that.
  Well, because it falls off a little bit and then it starts to get more like yellow cardy,  punk, Biss O'Kell, punk and ska.
  But then you'll still get Hall and Oates playing fairly regularly.
  They're doing a good job.
  I felt like it operated really well as a venue and was like it was the biggest venue for,  I want to say Orange County, except for maybe is it the Palace a place or no?  The Grove is a place that's near like the block of Orange or something.
  That's the one in the Angel Stadium parking lot.
  Yeah.
  It's like Carly Rae Jepsen there and that's a place that used to be called Tinseltown  Studios.
  They had an old Hollywood dinner theater that collapsed in like four months.
  Disney got Jack Lindquist founded it.
  There's probably a whole other.
  But now it's just a concert venue.
  But weirdly, if you walk around and you're like, it's supposed to be like a backlot.
  Why is every font art deco?  And that's why it was this awful idea for a dinner theater.
  Very sad.
  I never got to see whatever Tinseltown Theater was.
  You're at a Hollywood gala.
  You're the star.
  But I'm wearing my checkered sneakers from the Skull Show.
  It need not matter.
  We wear the tuxedos for you.
  Oh, great.
  Can I just say really quick, I know this is massively off topic, but the soap opera Bistro  needs to have its day in the sun because I was a very big appreciator of it and it was  another like place that my family would go for celebratory meals.
  We ate it up.
  We loved it.
  We thought that the improv was great and we were so bummed when it left.
  Well, so I just want to put that out there.
  OK, my other soap opera Bistro stands there with you.
  I've got a full photo album of us posing around the sets from the soap operas inside the hospital.
  Yeah.
  And my sister's full hot topic goth in them.
  So I really want to show them to you.
  Oh, what a wonderful clash.
  Yeah, we got to do that.
  There's a goth in the hospital.
  Well, I will also say about the House of Blues that I think it operated really well as a  restaurant, too.
  Oh, and maybe that's because of it being like a really strong chain in that regard.
  But I don't recall having a particularly bad meal ever and always kind of being happy that  we ended up there, you know, that it was going to have some sort of Cajun chicken thing.
  Yeah, barbecue.
  Yeah.
  They done OK?  A barbecue like walk up window.
  And I was shocked that I never ended up.
  Like I was reading about it and I was like, how did I miss that?  Because like if I don't know what I want to eat, I will.
  I could set a pulled pork sandwich if I'm having a fun day like that.
  That's great ribs on the go.
  Yeah, it's always solid.
  And I also will say that the decor was, you know, really evocative.
  It's like very like dimly lit and you can kind of just like feel like a cool rocker  as a young 12 year old Julia Prescott.
  Like you're at a roadhouse by the crossroads.
  Yeah.
  Where the devil met you one day.
  Yeah.
  Well, what you're seeing on the on the walls, the specific term they would use is southern  primitive primitivist folk art.
  And I know this because I went down a rabbit hole of not Dan Aykroyd, but the original  guy who founded the whole not just this, but was also the co-founder of Hard Rock Cafe.
  Oh, yeah.
  His name is Isaac Tigrit.
  Did anyone else look up anything about Isaac?  I think you went deeper than we did, but I saw a little bit.
  Same kind of name.
  It's like from the same generator on Buzzfeed.
  Yeah.
  For Tita and Tigrit.
  OK.
  You know how we always say about when Hard Rock Cafe comes up and it does a lot, it's  always like, what is this brand?  What is it?  Why is it like rock the planet and all are one?  And I think it's because of this guy.
  I think, yeah, he's very spiritual and there's a lot.
  He now is like mainly about his devotion to this guru.
  Yes, this guru I saw.
  OK, yes.
  You know what the guru guru is?  Sethia Sal Baba, who there seems to be some controversy about according to Wikipedia.
  But I don't you know, you don't know how that's vetted.
  And I don't want to cast judgment.
  But I watched some videos with Isaac Tigrit, including a full hour that Access Hollywood  devoted to the House of Blues and just a video where he just kind of talks and tells a story.
  This is all on Isaac-Tigrit.
com.
  And these videos were posted to his personal Vimeo.
  And so this guy was involved before the Akroyd was.
  He brought Akroyd on board and just like, you know, let me let me see if I can get into  the voice.
  He's kind of this like this sort of breathy.
  He's like a Tennessee guy and just, you know, just kind of like loves to loves to meander  and talk about what he tells the story about the Harak Cafe.
  And he says how, you know, really, we were the first American restaurant in Europe in  a way, because everything before we opened was very high society.
  And we really became the first classless restaurant.
  Classless?  Yes, this is part of the mythology in their menus.
  There used to be that it was like we were just a couple of guys and we wanted a good  burger in England and we couldn't find it.
  Good burger and barbecue.
  It can't be true.
  I don't know.
  It might be.
  That is such the fill in the blank orange in the story of so many businesses to make  themselves more appealing.
  And we were friends with some rock stars and they gave us some guitars.
  We said we got we don't have any decorations.
  They put it up on.
  So old Clapton gave me a guitar.
  I put it up on the wall.
  All this stuff is just these guys, these maniacs that are trying to like get these primitive  urges.
  They're trying to conquer Europe again, but they can't do it with an army.
  They're trying to put a fucking restaurant with a guitar in there or whatever.
  Manifest Destiny.
  Yeah, Rainforest Man.
  Now this is done with many, many boring meetings with venture capital people.
  And I guess the restaurants could be likened to a temple and they themselves are the gods  of them.
  Yes.
  And so the artifacts and the temple.
  And he's he I mean, he goes on to explain that, you know, when I moved to England, there  was really no place where a baker and a banker were allowed to commune.
  Oh, no.
  That's what you know.
  That's what I think of the Hard Rock Cafe.
  Just like where where societal differences melt away like cheese on a cheeseburger.
  That what a pub is like, isn't that famously what the neighborhood?  You walk into the pub, it's all bakers, I want the bankers to come.
  And that's why when we got off the ground, you know, now we're doing 20 million in sales.
  And that's the point where we were no longer a restaurant.
  We were a culture.
  We were a cultural phenomenon.
  Wow.
  This guy.
  Can I book you for a new podcast just to do that?  I think, you know, it's very it's soothing to me to talk like this and I could see why  he does it.
  And I, you know, maybe I need the zen of the guru to, you know, attain my inner Tigris.
  But he so then then he then he goes on to talk about the House of Blues and where this  came from.
  And he said he talks about, you know, to take a recognizable entity, that being the blues  and to put an umbrella over it and to trademark it and say, this is where you can go to.
  This is the official destination for it's like you're putting a trademark on the blues.
  That's weird.
  And you're and who are you?  And when you look him up, here's who he is.
  His father was a business partner of J.
 Paul Getty.
  Oh, no.
  His great uncle was one of the major.
  It was like a Gulf Railroad Baron.
  It's like such many generations old money.
  His father also built a place called the Memphis Pyramid, which is one of the big like I didn't  really know about this before, but it's I guess it used to be a sports arena in Memphis.
  And now it is the world's largest Bass Pro Shop.
  It's like a Bass Pro Shop that is a theme park inside a pyramid.
  Oh, with the hotel.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  With the pyramid.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  The pyramid shaped building.
  I didn't know about this.
  I didn't know about any of this.
  I want to cover that place, but just to keep blasting through.
  OK.
  So you're in with railroad money who wants a place where we can trademark the blues.
  And where do you begin?  How do you begin to create this temple for the blues?  And if we thought about it, and there was really only one place and that is Harvard  Square in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
  Yes.
  First location, baby.
  I read that too, that it came from Harvard money.
  It came from his money.
  Harvard, the school Harvard were those initial investors in the House of Blues.
  Along with Dan Aykroyd, along with Paul Schaefer, River Phoenix.
  I know.
  Yeah.
  Jim Belushi and Aerosmith.
  Yes, I was going to say Aerosmith.
  I saw, yeah.
  Just a little honky tonk by the crossroads.
  By the old Harvard yard.
  Harvard students, I think of how funky they are first.
  And then I go into the national lampoon, Harvard lampoon kind of legacy.
  Yes.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's the order every time.
  I stop because I'm laughing so much.
  I know.
  My tummy hurts because I got the giggles.
  Do you ever read those collections of the Harvard lampoon?  I'm just laughing.
  You're laughing at me.
  I'm on a plane.
  We all love it.
  I'm disrupting everybody.
  We love it.
  You know, a million dollars isn't cool.
  You know what is cool?  Eric Clapton's guitar and a collection of the lampoon, baby.
  You know, it's like without, you know, without lead belly, there would be no Colin Jost.
  So, OK, so he so he enlists Dan Aykroyd.
  This was his railroad money man and list Dan Aykroyd to start a blues place in Harvard  with Harvard money.
  And then so then this video I'm watching transitions now who gets involved, but Danny Aykroyd himself.
  And he talks, he's at the opening and he says this is this place is a celebration of African  American vitality.
  Oh, we are people who came from hard Scrabble times.
  And this is, you know, there's so many people, so many musicians out there, you know, they  hear a song like Whole Lotta Love by Led Zeppelin and they wonder where did it come from?  And I say it came from Led Belly.
  It came from Robert Johnson.
  It came from Howlin' Wolf.
  And this is the place where there is a permanent fixture to what is that voice to think?  I've cornered the market.
  You're doing your tape right now.
  It's a well, I said that Colin Jones remark would fuck me over in there.
  But the second gate, maybe.
  Oh, yeah, I can do that.
  Maybe clubs not reviewing this.
  So you're not playing any of those people like Jeremy Renner is going to stop by.
  Knock, knock.
  I mean, maybe not right now.
  Jeremy Redder, but in the past, like six months ago, you're saying he's going to play Trump  cabinet members.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Or Negros Sebastian Gorkas.
  OK, so but Dan Aykroyd and Isaac Tigrit are starting a blues.
  It's just like and this just brings me to OK, we've talked about Aykroyd a lot.
  I think we never miss an opportunity to stop and talk about Aykroyd.
  Yeah.
  Oh, wait.
  Oh, let me also say this whole thing with the Memphis pyramid, I said the father, this  guy's father built the Memphis pyramid.
  And at some point, suddenly, mysteriously, what showed up in the Memphis pyramid?  A crystal skull.
  Oh, no.
  Isaac Tigrit is also a crystal skull guy, independently of Aykroyd.
  So no wonder they came together.
  They're both white blues guys.
  They're both ruthless, ruthless businessmen.
  And now I just want to let's talk about this this this Aykroyd and Belushi and Blues Brothers  thing, because we never miss an opportunity to talk about it.
  We have to.
  And like somebody asked, what is actually your deal with Avatar?  And I wanted to actually answer it.
  And I thought about it.
  And here's my answer to why.
  Why would we keep talking about the Blues Brothers?  I think it's this.
  I think that there is almost no piece of pop culture that has been less successfully passed  between generations than the Blues Brothers.
  What is it?  Why am I supposed to like?  Is it supposed to be funny?  Is it supposed to be cool?  Is it supposed to be good music?  No one's ever explained this to me, because to me, it's a weird nether realm that's like  none of it.
  And so, I mean, do you guys know?  Like, what?  I don't have the answer for you.
  I had no affection for it.
  I don't have any now.
  And I love old SNL stuff.
  I love it.
  I love Dan Agra.
  I grew up loving Dan Agra.
  Yes, of course.
  Yes.
  But this thing, I've never.
  This is.
  I think you're right.
  Yeah.
  Well, I think that it's because they are like very clearly costume characters that we see  at Universal Studios and we can identify, oh, those are the Blues guys.
  They are the Blues Brothers.
  But truly nothing beyond that.
  But I do remember when Blues Brothers 2000 came out and they had a little kid.
  I was at that age of like growing up in the Valley and wanting to be a kid actor.
  I was like, oh, that's a role for me.
  Even though it was already cast.
  I think I might have thought the same thing.
  Yeah.
  Even though I'm like, I don't like this.
  Yeah.
  You're like, if I were to be cast in anything, I would like to be the kid in an adult comedy.
  Yeah.
  If I could show the Blues Brothers that I'm cool.
  I was going to say, is it, which Kuhn writer tweeted about Prom King comedy?  Was it Andre?  Yeah.
  But I don't disagree with what he's saying.
  No one disagrees with it, but it's supposed to be shoved in a drawer forever.
  Yeah, of course.
  Well, this is paywall.
  I like Andre a lot.
  That being said, Blues Brothers is Prom King comedy.
  It is.
  And there's so much old SNL that is-  We're going to dance around and do it.
  Yes.
  We're going to pretend like we're the Blues guys.
  They were at least B's when this first started.
  At least they looked silly.
  And then they're like, you know what would be better if we didn't look silly?  If we looked cool.
  I know.
  If we thought that we were cool and if we had the top record and the top-  Yes.
  There's so much old SNL of them all just thinking they're hot shit and the coolest people.
  It's no different.
  It's just there's a different version of it now coming out where it's like the comedy isn't  real.
  The person's trying to look cool more than the-  Well, there's been this thing that's happened where I think the Lonely Island knew that  comedy rap is a dicey area, so we have to look very foolish.
  Yes.
  It's always going to be very self-deprecating and that's how we get away with it.
  And then there's been generations since that are like, I'm cool and good at rapping.
  Yes.
  And that's what my comedy is.
  Yeah.
  Well, I mean, not to bring this into the conversation, but like the YouTube influencer culture of  that I feel is a direct link to I got to be cool and also do this comedy thing.
  They're worshiping Lonely Island and they missed a piece where they did comedy in it.
  Absolutely.
  Yes.
  I think there's more comedy in every single Lonely Island song than there is in the entire  Blues Brothers.
  Yeah.
  I just don't even try.
  It's just not even- But are we supposed to think a Blues Brothers record is funny?  We're not, right?  No.
  It's just too cool.
  I think it's just straight like Blues covers.
  Julia, what you said kind of hit on something for me of like, yeah, as a kid, I knew them  from, I knew they were guys around.
  They were like in the ether.
  I think in college I finally like got the Blues Brothers movie DVD from Netflix and  I liked it because it's such an oddball thing.
  Like they're- Yeah.
  Carrie Fisher's trying to kill them because she loves them and the Nazis.
  There's a lot of antics.
  I think they should get the movie a little more.
  Yes.
  But that said, I realized I don't have the context of like years of the first few years  of SNL where like it was like, it was so big.
  It was so popular.
  And that was supposed to be like, I mean, it couldn't have been their Wayne's World,  but we know it more of like, that was supposed to be their Wayne's World movie of like transitioning  from SNL to making this movie.
  And I think they were still trying to figure it out.
  And also like 70s comedies were really hit or miss.
  I don't think I understand Animal House really.
  I think I'm not like huge on- Yeah.
  I think Caddyshack probably holds it the best, but like Meatballs is like-  I know.
  It's a total mess.
  I think that like tone was like a big struggle for a lot of people because I think also,  not to be all film school, but like 70s American cinema was trying so hard to evoke French  New Wave and evoke other like European styles and like cinematography.
  And so when you have like in one theater, the conversation playing to sold out audiences  and then you have a comedy in the next room, they're trying to be something different,  but also evoke that same kind of heat.
  And I think that like the tone gets instantly lost with that because you can't be serious  and silly at the same time in that way.
  It's like if you put Peckinpah's Wild Bunch next to Rainforest Cafe's Wild Bunch, which  is a remake, I would love to be involved with.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I think you've just set up your next job.
  The Rainforest Cafe internal video.
  I mean, they'll need a new Insular product to sell once Shut Up and Listen is sold out.
  Jason, I want to say I fucking hope some executive at Quibi is a Patreon subscriber so that he  can hear that pitch and fucking jump at the phone.
  And I hope we make this happen and I hope Pauline Kale comes back from the dead and  murders me.
  Yes.
  I will write that Quibi series.
  Yeah, that would be great.
  I just, I don't know, I just wanted to air some of that out.
  And the other question I have is like, okay, so even let me say that I, let's assume that  we got on board and do think the blues brothers are cool.
  I think their music is good music.
  Am I then supposed to allow, let's say forever, forever, for decades and decades that the  brother of the fake blues guy gets to do blues forever because of who his brother was?  Yeah.
  Excuse me?  Why is this okay?  I feel bad for Jim Belushi to a degree.
  Why?  For many reasons.
  But I also can't forgive that.
  I think everybody's backing off.
  I'm not backing off.
  No, I don't want to back, I'm not backing off.
  What do you, come on, this, this, it's not good.
  None of this is good, what he does.
  My mom likes him better than his brother.
  She said that.
  Okay.
  Man.
  All right.
  We don't have time to get into that.
  This is from the opening when House of Blues moved to the Garden Walk.
  Here's a picture of them in 2017.
  Yeah.
  I just noticed a few minutes ago, if you zoom in, Ackroyd is wearing a custom crystal head  vodka leather jacket.
  No.
  He has like a motorcycle cap he wears sometimes in promotional appearances where he has the  crystal head vodka.
  He, he doesn't, he's like a NASCAR driver with all the crystal head logos on him.
  Yeah.
  There's the Five Timers Club sketch monologue where he's the bartender and the, all behind  him is all crystal skulls.
  Oh my God, I bet he had a tantrum for that too.
  To call your shot.
  Wow.
  At Horror Nights, I said it, the crystal heads are everywhere.
  Yeah.
  Did you guys, have you had it before?  I have.
  No, I didn't like it.
  I had it at Horror Nights and he claims, and I don't want to try to, you know, it's purely  distilled, it won't give you a hangover.
  If there's no hangover, he goes, after five, I can't tell you what'll happen, but before  five, no hangover.
  And he gets like this whole thing of poured over magical crystals.
  Like he does a whole rap about it.
  I had it, I don't know if I had enough.
  I barely didn't feel, I didn't feel a buzz or anything.
  It was mixed in with some sugar.
  I didn't like that the taste was kind of nothing when I had it.
  We should review it on a page.
  I don't have a good idea.
  It's fine.
  I had a comedy boyfriend who tweeted.
  I'm so sorry.
  Apologies.
  I know I've had many, I'm sorry to say.
  I had a comedy boyfriend who tweeted at them and then like somehow finagled a deal where  they shipped him boxes of it so he could make comedy videos promoting it.
  And I think this was like early enough in brands engaging with quote unquote influencers  that they were like, and even goes.
  Of course, inevitably we drank all the vodka or he drank all the vodka before shooting  anything.
  And then I just remember like a really slapped together like sketch, if you would call it  of crystal head vodka bottles filled with water.
  Cause he just completely, yeah.
  He'd guzzle down the supply.
  Anyway, I think we broke up shortly after that.
  The sketch was him skull fucking the crystal skull.
  They're like, no, this campaign is canceled.
  I feel like I remember sitting in his like garage converted living space and being like,  this is not long for this world.
  I need to get out and see the sun.
  There's a video.
  I have it on DVD.
  I ordered it.
  We haven't watched it yet.
  I've seen it many times is Dan Aykroyd being interviewed about UFOs.
  And I feel like we'll have to get a bottle of the crystal head and then do it.
  Watch it.
  And listen to all the blues record.
  Have blues will travel.
  The new, the newer one.
  Yeah.
  The recent one.
  Cause he made a recent albums with Jim Belushi.
  No, he had one that was like they're combined.
  It was like 500 pounds of fun or something.
  I mean, yeah.
  The way they're looking in that photo, I don't look, they also like move very slow.
  Like that's what I look, I guess my expectation should be low for the blues brothers in 2019.
  Like you see a video with that, like they still play the, they're willing to play the  inauguration, not the inauguration, the 4th of July.
  It's to them and it's beach boys and Buffett and Stamos and Stamos.
  Yes.
  The triple B's, the holy be Trinity.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  No offense to any of these people.
  But they like, they come out and just like steps like they feel like they're, they seem  like they're nervous.
  They're going to fall or something.
  They are.
  I'm sure they are.
  Yeah.
  But why do they get to do this?  Well, he doesn't want to drop his mouth.
  The word again, you know, you got the mouth where it can go.
  Boy, if I fell on the ground, it'd be hard scrabble time.
  That being said, it's like goofy as the actual living or I guess Dan blues brothers are the  way they brand that gift shop in the house of blues feels very different, but also very  like intriguing.
  I don't know.
  Am I just a gift shop person?  I remember like deeply considering an Elwood t-shirt several times.
  They just make, they've got a good font.
  I'm a sucker for a good font.
  It is a good font.
  We've told this is, we can't get too off the rails here, but we also discovered or I forget,  I think I discovered a year ago that there are two touring entities of the blues brothers.
  There are the blues brothers proper, which is acro right in Jim Belushi.
  But then there's also something called the official blues brothers review, which are  not them.
  Two younger guys do the whole blues brothers act and they tour.
  They're part of it.
  Like they own it.
  They own it.
  So it's like, I think Nick money said he thinks kiss soon.
  We'll just convert to a fully new kiss franchise.
  It's a franchise.
  Yeah, we, yeah, that makes sense.
  It'll be to bring it back to my house of blue Scott experience.
  That reminds me a lot of safe Ferris and star pool.
  Do you guys know about this?  No.
  So safe Ferris lead singer, Monique Powell, there's a lot of words written online about  how she behaved in that band, which then led ultimately to the band's breakup.
  And literally all of the members, except for Monique started a new band called star pool.
  And then she was not a part of that, but then, and then star pool toured around and they,  they slept.
  They were good.
  And then years later, Monique got back into the game and tried to start a new band called  safe Ferris and like re-ups the website and everything.
  And then immediately all the star pool people were like, uh, no, fuck that.
  We are safe Ferris as well.
  And you can't do this without our permission.
  And then they got into a legal dispute back and forth.
  And so that ultimately led to if you, for a period of time, if you logged onto the safe  Ferris website and maybe it still is up there, but like the first thing you see is like a  whole legal jargon notice that said like, um, like we are not associated with Monique  Powell, say Ferris, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
  And like did this whole like airing dirty laundry thing out for the world to see.
  Um, Brandy Posey, uh, very really funny comic who's also a Scott kid would tell me she would  like give me live updates about the drama between Monique and the rest of safe Ferris  and how it was tearing apart the OCE Scott scene on the website.
  But yeah, I mean like she just woke up and was like, I'm safe Ferris.
  I can just do this and we still have appeal.
  There's a, well, what you're describing, the syndrome you're describing has to be  described as no homers club.
  Yeah.
  No homers.
  And I, there's kind of a, like, there's probably a lot of bands you could put in the, in the  category of no homers club.
  Like when like some of Van Halen reforms or kind of no homers clubs is ELO kind of like  that.
  Right.
  Well, ELO is like one guy that's besides Jeff Lane who actually matters in the rest of  the story.
  Yeah.
  The who is kind of turning into that because they're dead.
  Not, not by their own, the ones where it's like, we got to figure out a tour, but without  that guy that we know sticks is kind of a no homers club for Dennis DeYoung.
  Journey Queen by force.
  I think if there's a, if you're at this death, no homers clubs and there's, they're alive  and we don't want to talk to them.
  Journey is a no homers.
  I'm more intrigued by they're alive and I don't want to talk to them.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  You said, yeah.
  And then it's amazing that like Aerosmith is the same guys.
  Truly.
  Mike's so happy.
  I'm so happy because I'm going to see that Deuce's wild tour.
  I swear I'll go to Vegas to see that.
  And.
  They're just getting vitamin injections every day probably.
  Oh yeah.
  Say, Mike, do you know what kind of coffee they serve at house of blues locations?  Some sort of Aerosmith coffee.
  They serve Rockin' and Roastin', which of course is Joey Kramer's coffee brands.
  Wow.
  I'm choking on my own spit.
  Mike spit out his Rockin' and Roastin', his Columbia blend.
  Your famous daily cup of Rockin' and Roastin'.
  Oh my favorite, Joey Kramer's coffee.
  That reminds me of, do you guys remember when David Lynch, I guess he still has this.
  Oh, he has the coffee.
  He has his coffee too.
  I worked at a movie theater my freshman year of college and it was like an indie movie  theater.
  So we had, I want to say, wow, fuck.
  What was that movie?  This is not going to narrow it down.
  Inland Empire?  Inland Empire.
  Yeah.
  I was like, what was that movie that was like three hours long?  Three hours long shot on a grainy digital video, which I actually think is probably,  I'm interested to revisit it, not for the plot, because I think that aesthetic is interesting.
  I did not see the full movie.
  Of course, when you're in movie theater and you're working concessions, you take a peek  inside.
  But I will say that that movie, when we had it, I want to say for like a couple of weeks,  literally every single show, somebody would walk out at the hour and a half minute mark,  go to concessions with a glazed over look in their eye.
  One guy, I remember went up to me and he goes, hey, I don't want to refund or anything,  but what's happening in there?  Can you just tell me?  I was like, I've never seen it.
  Oh, fuck.
  It's your job.
  Yeah.
  But I was going to say that like the best part of us having that movie was we all got  bags and bags of David Lynch coffee.
  So really, as a young freshman in college.
  Yeah, we just got to take home and I was like sitting pretty with all these bags of David  Lynch coffee, which is pretty good.
  Yeah.
  Celebrity novelty coffee.
  I dig it.
  He seemed pretty hands on.
  He seemed like actually invested in it.
  You're saying Joey Kramer was not hands on?  I don't know enough about Joey Kramer to say I'm just going to the right thing.
  Like in an Aerosmith song, he's the driving beach behind the enterprise.
  So is it Aerosmith themed, is it just one roast or are there multiple roasts?  I think it's one roast.
  I might have that roast in it.
  But he represents all his favorite coffee regions from Ethiopia.
  And I'm like, this is the same thing.
  This is the blues man taking his like nativist blues art.
  This is all of these billionaires like moving around.
  Just trying to make their horrible, relentless, capitalist, terrible restaurant sound like  it has some sort of meaning to it other than just to make people go, ah, there's a cheeseburger  there, I guess.
  Right.
  It's sort of like it was mirrored with the trend of Tom's shoes and the one for one model  that happened later of like everything has to be one for one.
  And then I know you guys all watch Shark Tank and all those shows because we all love The  Sharks, but then I feel like you'd see like a whole season of Shark Tank where every single  business model had that one for one.
  And like slowly all the sharks were calling them out of like, this is unsustainable.
  Why don't you get the first one good before you give out one?  Like just to try and seem like it reminds me of if you ever guys, if you guys ever saw  the blog Humanitarians of Tinder, it was a bunch of like bro-y douche bros like on Machu  Pichu like posing for their Tinder profile or like with indigenous children.
  And it was bad, really bad.
  This whole sector has been your children.
  I know.
  King of the rainforest.
  Here's Isaac Tigret, the King of the Blues.
  There's Joey Kramer, founder and chairman of, he's a coffee loving rock and roll hall of  famer.
  He's pounded the skin since his early teens fueled by a love for music and a spirit, a  love of spirited beans.
  Wow.
  You, you said that all off the dome.
  Yeah, really?  I kind of blacked out and I kind of like felt something.
  Did you get inhabited like the sector keeper?  Yeah.
  I got a rock.
  I got a rock.
  Jason, what are you driving?  Well, I'm, you know, I all this, all this kind of bummed me out, but there's a, there's  a bright shining star.
  The prophecy was fulfilled at House of Blues, of course, in 2003.
  And Mike, I think maybe you were alluding to this.
  2003?  2003.
  I don't know if we are going in the same spot here.
  Well, I'm talking about Bruce Willis and the Accelerators.
  No, no, you've missed.
  I will say, I'll tease this.
  You've missed, I think unless you have something else coming up, you've missed another thing  I'm very excited about, but continue with this Bruce Willis.
  I love this.
  Bruce Willis and the Accelerators.
  This was just the easiest screen grab from Getty Images.
  There's a few more rows of Bruce Willis and the Accelerator shots.
  And Bruce Willis 2003.
  This must be kept for future generations.
  They must know.
  He's got the hat.
  He's got the leather jacket, the sunglasses.
  You know, he's got a mouth organ.
  Well, I've been complaining about appropriation and such, but with Bruce Willis, he's the  real deal.
  He's the real deal.
  He's the real deal.
  Bruno.
  How do you, how do you spell Accelerators?  I want to see if we can find the set list here.
  Oh, A-C-C-K-E-L-O-R-A-T-O-R-S.
  You know, they're not archived very well on setlist.
fm for whatever reason.
  The setlist just say 35 minutes of bullshit.
  Maybe they're in that Rainforest Cafe playlist I found on Spotify.
  Track one, noodly shit.
  Track two, indulgent shit.
  Track three, fun time.
  His song Fun Time, which is a real song.
  I mean, if we're talking about genre of band, the no homers genre of band, I mean, of course,  there's definitely the celebrity band.
  Yeah.
  Like I can't go to a karaoke bar, so I made a band.
  Wait, there's a side argument breaking out.
  What's going on?  No, no, no.
  I'm just trying to see if I can find.
  I'm just trying to get some clarification on Accelerators.
  I just wanted to make sure I was spelling Accelerators right.
  Just a light sidebar.
  Just a light sidebar.
  Yeah, no, no.
  There was no argument.
  I was not yelling at Jason.
  Trying to bring us into one place here.
  Yeah.
  So I'm just trying to, thank you.
  I'm sorry.
  I didn't want to, I'm just desperate to find the setlist for this Bruce Willis concert.
  It's the first time it's like Mighty Akron, something you invented to say.
  Yeah.
  Do you feel proud about Mighty Akron that you coined it?  Yeah, of course.
  No question there.
  Yeah.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  It's A-C-C-E-L-E.
  Are there multiple spellings out loud of Accelerators in this episode?  We've been recording for three hours.
  Is there a number eight in there?  I can't even find.
  While you're doing that, Mike, let's not ignore, this isn't the Anaheim one, but the LA area's  biggest House of Blues related event in 2003.
  It's where an actress named Lana Clarkson met the great record producer Phil Spector.
  Oh no, Lana, get out of there.
  Oh, chance.
  Oh no.
  Well, I don't know the rest of the story.
  It says that he took her home to his fabulous Alhambra Castle, and as far as I know, they  lived happily ever after.
  Oh no.
  I mean, you know, things are going fine if you're going to a castle in Alhambra.
  I know, I was going to say, the distance between that and Sunset Boulevard.
  Mike, did you have something else?  Did you have another major event that happened at the House of Blues?  Well, just a little minor one that you and I have had a fascination with it before.
  There's a guy that we both really like.
  His name is Buckethead.
  Oh boy.
  And he, you know Buckethead?  I think I do.
  By the way, also, I feel like in Guns N' Roses world, there's been several no homers clubs.
  Yes.
  No Axels clubs.
  Yeah, which man has the most no homers clubs?  I think they may have like caused four or five.
  But Buckethead though, part of Guns N' Roses world.
  Buckethead is a very good guitar player who wears a KFC bucket on his head and has like  a Jabberwocky mask on.
  We should really call it a Buckethead mask.
  Yes, that's true.
  But he played the House of Blues.
  The whole show is available on YouTube.
  And I believe, and I have to look more into this, but Buckethead is a Parks fan.
  Really?  What?  Yeah.
  There's video of Buckethead playing like Haunted Mansion on his guitar, not in Anaheim mind  you.
  And then he does a whole, he does a Disney medley at the end of his set in the Anaheim  House of Blues.
  So I think Buckethead potentially future guest on the show.
  Oh, I hope so.
  So yes, I remember, I think the performance we were watching many years ago on my TV when  Lindsay probably had fallen asleep was Buckethead at the House of Blues.
  We should have gone to see him.
  We screwed up.
  You guys stayed up and watched Buckethead videos and then Lindsay had gone to bed.
  Yeah, I mean, maybe she was up, but I mean, she was probably checked out.
  She wasn't mentally up.
  Yeah.
  You got to be able to hang if you're going to.
  Right, right, I get it.
  With the Buckethead boys.
  With the boys, yeah.
  Yeah, I got it.
  It's just a boys club.
  We stay up and watch Buckethead.
  Yeah, no, I've been trying to get in, but you guys keep pushing me out.
  But I'll keep going.
  What's your favorite Buckethead song?  No, I got to go.
  The famous Hollywood Boys Club is about like, you got to love Bruno and you got to love Buckethead.
  And the Blues Bros.
  Damn.
  Blues Bros and Brunos.
  I don't know what you need to say, Bruno.
  I think you just invented a new t-shirt for podcast the ride.
  With a harmonica and Blues Brothers sunglasses.
  That's like the perfect deep cut that even people that think they like the podcast wouldn't  know.
  They had to wade through this entire thing to get to it.
  There's a credit thread like, at minute two hours and forty seven.
  I think that's where we're at.
  We have to, we also, we haven't, we got to find the sector.
  Oh yeah, I forgot.
  Oh yeah, I know.
  What else do you have?  I just found newer Bruce Willis set lists.
  What is it jamming to now?  Bruce, oh wait a minute, no, this isn't it.
  Oh shit.
  We have to go.
  Just share what you found.
  I just, it just says that he's played Fun Time in the two, it's only three concerts listed  on here and he's played them in every one.
  He's played the song Fun Time.
  If you don't know Fun Time, it's one of his best songs.
  It's from the return of Bruno.
  But these, this honestly, there's got to be an archive where you can find.
  Sorry, I didn't mean to give everyone's hopes up that I found this.
  Let's, we'll.
  We'll suss it out on Twitter.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Anyway, we need to, I hope that the Sector Keeper will grant us, grant at least you who  are not, you aren't responsible for finding the Level Keeper like we are.
  Yeah.
  You should be given passage back up to the surface.
  Right.
  And so with that, Julia Prescott, you survived Podcast The Ride.
  Oh my God.
  So glad we bumped into you down here.
  Could have been real lonely.
  And we never would have known about the Rainforest Cafe store.
  Right.
  And we wouldn't have been blind on that without a former Pathfinder.
  It's a treasure trove to behold.
  That was at Pathfinder, right?  I was at Pathfinder, yes.
  You were our Pathfinder today.
  Oh my God.
  And I don't think we could have gotten back to the end of the path if we have without you.
  Let's exit through the Rainforest Cafe gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Nothing particularly.
  My Simpsons podcast around Springfield.
  We did like a restructuring of the concept.
  So it used to be called Everything's Coming Up Simpsons where we'd interview folks about  their favorite Simpsons episode.
  And now we're doing a 20 episode season starting in January of 2020 where we interview Simpsons  writers and voiceover actors about non-Simpsons things that they've done.
  So David X.
  Cohen talking about Futurama, Tim Long talking about a movie that he just wrote and got  produced based on something he experienced in his life and talking to Al Jean about Teen  Angel, things that they've done like failed pilots.
  Matt Selman punched up the Minions movies.
  Want to talk to him about that.
  So yeah, that's our new podcast.
  It's going to be on the Maximum Fun Network.
  And those are coming out 20 days in a row, right?  20 days in a row.
  We're just banking them and then walking away from the flames.
  Hissing them out.
  Yeah.
 And then I guess you could watch my Simpsons episode in October 2020.
  Yeah.
  It's a tree house of horror unless that wasn't covered, which is very exciting.
  And then you can find me.
  Yeah, that's moving.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 It's like the coolest thing stacked on top of the coolest thing.
  You can find me at Julia Prescott on all Twitter and Instagram stuff.
  And I am usually very positive on both social media channels.
  Not one of those snarky comedy folks.
  Celebrating a loss of a job and going to the greatest, happiest place on earth.
  I will also say for those curious, that me going viral for not getting a job did not get me a job.
  There was no that.
  Literally no one reached out and was like, so I hear nothing happened from it.
  Of course not.
  But of course not.
 Yeah.
  But if you tweet about being the pathfinder and helping some people out of it.
  You're right.
  Helping people out of a dark, grim underworld.
  That's got to be good for some old photos from that era.
  Maybe I'll post.
  Oh, please send them to us if you got them.
  OK, so we will.
  Julia, tread carefully as you exit the underworld because you never know where or when a paddle is coming.
  Oh, boy.
  Thank you.
  Just some advice from a very successful friend of mine.
  Wait a minute.
  Kind of a mentor.
  I see a paddle coming right now.
  Maybe you can jump.
  No, no, I think it might be a good paddle.
  Maybe you can jump off of it and it can propel you back up to the surface.
  I'm going to try.
  Here it is.
  Go.
  I did it.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  And there she goes.
  Bye, Julia.
  Bye.
  May your spirit ascend.
  And now let's get another spirit in here and find out how the hell we get out of here.
  Oh, great sector keeper, come to us.
  Boys, boys, you did it.
  You gave me strength.
  You give me great strength.
  Good.
  I'm glad because we are dying to get out of this underworld.
  Boys, you're so close.
  I just received a text message from my cousin, the level keeper.
  Good.
  He only had one text left today on his cricket wireless prepaid phone.
  Oh, right.
  God, it really gets down there.
  You get like four a day.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, barely.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  But boys, you're doing so well.
  I just want to give this to you because I sense a presence.
  Oh, OK.
  Oh, we need our weapon now.
  Yes, you're right.
  Oh, without further ado, boys, here it is, a business paddle.
  Oh, yes, because you never know where or when a paddle is coming from your ass.
  For your ass.
  Huh?  For.
  You said what?  You never know when a paddle is coming from your ass.
  Oh, I got to read the book again.
  I didn't learn enough.
  That would be like a paddle.
  You didn't do the listen part of shut up and listen.
  I forgot to listen.
  A paddle coming out of your ass.
  Now that I'm also like, I'm glad we I'm glad you gave us a weapon now because there's so  many people who could be bosses here.
  There was Tillman.
  There was Tillman for Tida.
  There was Tida.
  Tida.
  We never figured it out.
  There was there was Isaac Tigrett of House of Blues fame.
  I don't know who there's so many.
  There's so many candidates.
  I don't know who we're going to be facing here.
  Boys.
  Oh, it's happening.
  Oh my God.
  He's changing.
  Oh, what?  What is this along?  I know this.
  I know.
  No.
  Oh my God.
  This sounds like non comedic music to me.
  That's right, boys.
  It's me.
  Dan Aykroyd.
  Oh my God.
  Dan Aykroyd in the underworld has taken over the keepers.
  I am from France.
  He's doing all his famous lines.
  The non blues related lines.
  Oh, no, he's got his he's got his harmonica.
  Jesus.
  Look, we're trying to look.
  I know.
  I know you're a villain here to, you know, get in our way.
  But also it's an audio medium.
  Could you just like not play that thing constantly if that's possible?  I can't I can't help it, boys.
  It's hard scrambled time.
  Hard scrambled time.
  You're not actually an old blues man.
  I know you wish you were.
  But I mean, you don't wish you were.
  But you kind of pretend you wish you were.
  Yeah, you're some white guy.
  Elroy hit it.
  Elroy.
  He doesn't even remember his own shit.
  Well, he's in the underworld.
  He's being possessed.
  Like he's possessing a ghost.
  So he's probably getting like sort of the wires crossed.
  I think he's thinking of well, the Jetson.
  No, I think he's thinking of Elwood.
  Yeah.
  He's all scram.
  He's so discombobulated.
  Oh, wait, he's dancing again.
  Boy, and that's dancing.
  I am from France.
  He's doing the clone headline.
  It's like he's I feel like we can maybe get rid of this guy easily because I think he's dying already.
  I think all of his memories are flashing through his brain.
  He's got some good crystal head vodka.
  OK, drinking his own vodka.
  Drinking vodka.
  All of the crystal head.
  It's hard scramble time.
  He's filtering it because he loves the filter.
  He's filtering it through the harmonica.
  That's right.
  You're sucking it up straight out of the bottle.
  I'm drunk.
  OK, so wait.
  You know why I love the blues?  Why is that?  Why Dan?  Lead belly.
  Robert Johnson.
  It's not an answer.
  Howling wolf.
  You're just saying the names of people.
  This is co-op.
  This is what you and your crooked partner, Isaac Tigrit, do.
  You're taking your your your your stealing bits of culture.
  And I am from France.
  Nanu Nanu.
  You're doing it again.
  That is not not one of your properties.
  You have a steel and shit you thought of your own alien thing, you don't need to think of another one.
  That's stealing.
  You boys come down here and yet you act like a little ghost friends going to push me around.
  I ain't afraid to know ghosts.
  Another line from one of the.
  I think this guy sold his soul at the crossroads via comedy star because he makes me laugh.
  I got to give him that.
  All right.
  Well, yeah, look, we all he makes all of us laugh.
  Sure.
  Of course, we've all enjoyed things about it, but I don't like this version.
  I make you move.
  I mean, he's a pro on that mouth organ, too.
  Yeah, that's a mouth organ.
  You could call it.
  You planted that in his head.
  He's never going to quit with a mouth organ.
  That that's a sketch.
  Oh, you're still thinking of sketches, I guess.
  From all days.
  Lauren's a mensch.
  Lauren, Lauren made me wait four and a half hours before he'd say hello to me.
  What a guy.
  What I don't even understand that.
  Sometimes I've heard stories where like Lauren makes you wait in like a lobby.
  Sometimes I think it's a power move.
  I guess we've heard these these guys have all told these stories a thousand times.
  We don't need it.
  We're on a quest.
  We're on a we're on our own mission from God.
  OK, we're on a mission from a higher power than God.
  The Sector Keeper.
  And we have a cousin to rescue.
  We need to step out of our way.
  Let's start getting those weapons ready.
  We need to defeat you, Dan Aykroyd.
  We've got an open container of skull.
  OK.
  Oh, his eyes lit up.
  You want some dip, brother?  He might like that.
  That might be something he wants.
  Takes me back to the times when I was staying up till 6 a.
m.
  writing sketches with Chevy.
  That's right.
  He wrote Basamatic High on Skull.
  That's not going to do us any good.
  He's got a hand right into his hands.
  Miss with the cranks.
  What gave him the idea of Christmas with the Cranks?  The movie he wrote and directed.
  Well, I mean, I just kind of want to get rid of this one.
  It's a thin mint cookie bear filled with organ meat.
  Mm hmm.
  Mouth organ.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Root around in that for a little while.
  Like playing around.
  Oh, oh.
  Oh, oh, oh.
  I'm choking on my harmonica.
  I am from France.
  He's choking.
  He's already full of Chicago sausages.
  This is probably going to add to it.
  Those are out there.
  The Bears.
  No, no, no.
  He wasn't in a bears was he?  I know.
  I think so.
  Yeah, it's all.
  George went.
  Mike Myers Farley.
  But this is I think though.
  Jordan to Pippen.
  Jordan to Pippen.
  I think we're making him die here.
  I think I know what to do.
  Look, he's he's tipping over.
  I think he like he's he's just tipping around on that one week.
  See, I think I know what to do to blow him over.
  Remember the last before we came down here, we got an instrument.
  Oh, a Treme certified trombone.
  Right.
 A New Orleans style and Chicago peep.
  Chicagoans hate New Orleansians.
  I found a rivalry.
  I founded jazz.
  You found jazz like you founded it like it was an institution.
  I guess it is an institution.
  Let's get that here.
  I hear you toss me that Treme certified trombone.
  I'm going to use the power of real New Orleans jazz to defeat your bullshit.
  Fake Chicago by way of Canada.
  Fake blues.
  Here we go.
  Yeah, get him.
  Whoa, a stream is coming out of the trombone.
  It's like a stream from a proton pack.
  The paddles opening up like a trap.
  I am from France.
  It's going right for his bottom because you never know where or when a paddle is coming for your ass.
  There it is.
  The death blow.
  Boys, boys, boys, you give me strength.
  He's back.
  Hey, I'm sorry we had to paddle your ass just now, but I guess it's better than when I beat the shit out of your skull in one of those earlier ones.
  Oh, Scott, I'd rather you beat me than me be stuck in that man for another second.
  Yeah, I'm sorry.
  You had to like dance around in this sort of like white guy bluesy way.
  That was that must have been humiliating for you.
  It was so bizarre.
  His mind was my mind.
  And he kept thinking the Blues Brothers was funny.
  Huh?  He truly is mentally poisoned.
  Yes.
  Is there anything?  Let me ask you this.
  When you're being possessed, is there anything like that was actually fun?  Maybe like, did you actually kind of enjoy maybe like dancing to how and wolf?  Do you have an appreciation for how and wolf now?  I guess I do a little bit.
  I mean, I as I was kind of going through the motions, I kind of realized maybe he didn't even really know what he was doing.
  Okay.
  So maybe he was just saying things.
  Yeah.
  It didn't feel like there's a lot behind it.
  Yeah.
  It's almost as if he didn't really know much about himself.
  Huh?  Like he was just like taking the, he only had four remaining things he could remember about himself and then he just added other people's memories.
  Boys, promise me that won't happen to you.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  No, we will.
  We all know who we are.
  Yeah.
  We'll know a few more things about ourselves.
  Yeah.
  And we will not sully our older, better franchise by in 20 years making podcast The Ride 2000.
  Thank you, boys.
  Thank you.
  Yes.
  That gives me strength.
  That gives me so sad boys, if I found out you were doing something for the wrong reasons.
  Yeah.
  Well, I'm glad that you believe in artistic purity and I feel like that you understand  the true meaning of the blues that Akroyd and Isaac Tigrett lost sight of.
  I think, yeah, I think, I think, boys, I think I see some light.
  Boys.
  Are we finally getting out of this place?  Boys, boys.
  And I have reception.
  I've received a text from my cousin, the level keeper.
  We have reception.
  Finally.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  He says that through his cricket wireless prepaid phone that you've escaped the underworld,  boys.
  Wow.
  We're free to go.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Back on the we're leaving the paywall behind.
  We're leaving the paywall behind and go watch your eyes, boys.
  Well, Mr.
 Akroyd is here.
  I got you something to protect him.
  Why don't you put on these shades as you reenter downtown Disney?  Whoa.
  I guess so.
  As long as these aren't going to turn us into into a blues brother or nothing.
  He's dead now.
  Who cares?  All right.
  Well, boys, let's hightail it out of here.
  All right.
  I think that's a good idea.
  Hey, you sound a lot more like him.
  We all sound more like him than he sounded like himself.
  Yeah.
  Well, let's go back up to the let's go back up to the top world and, you know, try to be  the bring the good spirit of Dan Akroyd up to the world.
  We, you know, not bring the heavy stuff that we encountered down here.
  Yeah, I think that's great.
  Yeah.
  Hey, look, a police car with a giant megaphone on top.
  Oh, well, let's climb in that and cruise up out of hell.
  Yeah, that's the fastest way to do it.
  I think.
  I think so.
  It's got to be.
  Wow.
  Well, there you have it, everybody.
  You survived podcast, the ride, the downtown Disney ordeal, the underworld.
  Yeah.
  And now we all get to travel back up to the surface again.
  And, you know, we will now, sadly, those of you who are kind enough to, you know, to  give us some money to help us in this expedition.
  Now we got to go commingle, you know, with the, you know, the cheapskates up there who  are only listening to the free episodes.
  Yeah.
  But that's OK.
  I have forgiveness in my heart.
  I feel the same way.
  And it's good.
  For a second when you said cheapskates, I was like, oh, you're insulting them, but they'll  never know.
  That's true.
  Because they didn't pay.
  They didn't fork out the cash to come down here.
  Yeah.
  And hear other listeners and fans of ours be insulted.
  Yeah.
  Unless the Patreon listeners tell the others what you said.
  Hmm.
  Which is a real logic trap.
  Which could happen.
  I hope none of it happens.
  I hope so, too.
  The thing is, we survived these three bonus episodes and we can keep.
  I mean, now I'm realizing we're not even.
  We're halfway.
  We have a lot more to go.
  And I've realized something.
  I'm starting to learn what a podcast is.
  Oh, OK.
  You didn't know.
  You've done a lot of them, actually.
  You've done a lot of podcasts.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But I'm starting to feel it in my heart.
  OK.
  What would you if you had to define it in like a class, a classroom?  Friends sitting for a long time.
  Friends sitting for a long time.
  Friends sitting for a long time.
  I mean, it's good you learned that lesson now because we got to get back to Anaheim proper.
  But thankfully, we've got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, and it's dark out and we're wearing sunglasses.
  All right.
  That was a quote.
  Yeah, that's the.
  That's the.
  That's not that iconic, is it?  I'm happy that I don't know that.
  It's a good poll.
  The only reason I knew it was a quote was because you were reading off your phone.
  I wouldn't have known what you were talking about.
  What are you talking about?  Oh, sorry, sorry.
  We're in the underworld.
  Sorry, I just.
  We're leaving the dark.
  We're going to the light.
  We need these sunglasses.
  I think there's only one thing to do is go back up to the surface world.
  And go save some souls.
  We're all going to be a bunch of soul men.
  Good work, everybody.
  All right.
  The free episode.
  I got a job.
  I got to do the course.
  You're not going to cut this part out.
  We all agree.
  We don't like to.
  So.
  More than.
  No, he was not more than.
  One more time.
