 Forever.
.
.
 .
.
.
Dog!  Darkness falls out on the street, Evil rears its head.
  Get your crazy shake to go, And your fried donut bread.
  The villains threaten this sacred place, This downtown shopping mall.
  We must defend the Lego store, And the Splitsville bowling balls.
  The downtown Disney or to you, We must protect our AP discount meals.
  The downtown Disney or to you, What secrets does the Earl of Sandwich conceal?  Boring sport as my cousin has been taken by evil forces that have inhabited downtown Disney.
  In order to find them, he will need to thoroughly discuss every aspect of them all.
  Stores, restaurants, both of the Starbucks.
  We have 18 daily, very necessary episodes and wish to do so.
  I will be there to guide you and keep your conversations from getting too off topic or boring.
  The downtown Disney ordeal, Why do we do this to ourselves?  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the downtown Disney ordeal, level five, stage one.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, Mike Carlson here.
  Yeah, I'm here.
 I'm ready, stage one, yeah.
  Scott Gardner.
  Hey.
  We're so close, the finish line.
  Almost there.
 I mean, I guess I knew that the level keeper would be as far away as possible.
  Yes, I think we all knew.
  Maybe there was a chance of reprieve.
  You're Jason, your voice, I don't want to be being insulting here, but it sounds weary.
  I, you know, I just whooped down some pizza and then it was kind of making, making me a little logy.
  And you said, why don't you start this one? And I gobbled down some water.
  Okay, so you're all right.
 You're not just.
  Yeah, I'm coming, I'm coming back to life.
 I eat, getting my strength back.
  Okay.
  This is to place it in, we have done nine, this is the ninth episode in two days that we've recorded.
  Yeah.
  We don't usually do it this way.
  No.
  And I'm, I'm feeling it.
 Edwin's feeling it.
  Edwin's feeling it.
  Edwin is having a doggy sneezing fit.
  Edwin is having a doggy sneezing fit.
  Edwin is dog, is sneezed five times in a row and he's done it in such a way that is actually concerning concerning me.
  He's okay now though.
 But anyway, so yeah, we're all.
  He's tired of it.
  Yeah.
  As are we.
  Yeah.
  And then, but, and also, okay, if you're looking at the description of what we have to do today,  and we'll have the sector keepers say it out loud, but like, we're, we're scraping the bottom of the barrel.
  What?  This is.
  What? What?  It's getting a little, it's a little thin as we go west.
  Let me hear.
 Let's have the sector keeper prop in for a second.
  Tell us what we're doing.
  And audience see if you agree or not.
  Here we go.
  Boys, boys, you're doing so well.
  You're in the home stretch.
  Today's stage includes the Lego store.
  Ooh, fun.
  Disney's pin traders.
  Monorail station.
  And Jason.
  Various street carts.
  Good luck, boys.
  I'm, uh, I mean, you know, listen to that list.
  But I was partially why, like, we, you know, we got a little bit of Lego store from Carly, but I felt like it had to get drafted over here.
  Yeah.
  Just to give us something.
  Various street carts.
  Various street carts.
  Even as we were making up the list, we were running out of steam.
  I think you were typing out this chunk.
  Where Michael, one of you got like, we're running out of steam typing it when you get to various street carts.
  This is kind of where I, yeah, I was nervous about getting to this point in list form.
  And now we're here in record form after nine.
  I, we didn't really touch the carts at CityWalk.
  Like there's some really janky carts.
  Yeah, we had to pull them in just due to lack of.
  There's those Kanye West graduation carts at CityWalk.
  You know, those glasses with the slit like slits in there.
  Yeah.
  Those are there at CityWalk.
  We should have reviewed those.
  Honestly, we didn't.
  That's obviously in CityWalk revisited.
  We've, we've announced a lot of, casually announced a lot of different sagas and ordeals.
  This whole side of the harbor.
  Yeah.
  So that's another one.
  Mostly the carts.
  That one's going to focus on the carts.
  The harbor, you guys are going to, I will either die of stress or self-inflicted.
  And my parents will call you guys cursing the very idea of the harbor hoedown as the cause.
  Those words, he was muttering it and now he's not with us anymore.
  I believe we, we, we were drafted to help start up SNL Bahrain.
  Oh yeah.
  I mean, that's what I'm working on.
  You would take a leave of absence.
  That's what I'm going to try to do.
  I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm calling them.
  Yeah.
  If you're gone for two weeks for any reason, I think we'd do the hoedown.
  That's just immediately.
  Yeah.
  I think that's sort of an emergency lever we pull and we immediately do a saga.
  Mike and I set up shop at the, our friends at the Anaheim Hotel.
  And then yeah, which is Captain Kidd's and it's the other hotels.
  We booked two days.
  That McDonald's honestly, I mobile ordered from once.
  This is a bit of a preview of the harbor hoedown, the Harbor Boulevard street, which is right by Disneyland.
  Maybe you'll entice me back in.
  So the mobile ordering at McDonald's on Harbor is slow, especially in the morning.
  It's a big rush.
  So do not mobile order.
  I would actually recommend just ordering at the counter from a human, which I don't like to do.
  Maybe based on that, we should maybe start pre-selling tickets like passes to the, we can make this like an extra Patreon tier.
  Yeah.
  It's like 25 bucks a pop because you're going to get info like that around everything.
  Maybe Jason and I just spin this podcast off into another Harbor specific podcast.
  It's all sort of about Harbor and the comings and goings of that specific street in Anaheim.
  Yeah.
  We'll just do that and that'll be that $25.
  We start doing human interest stuff, interview the people who work there.
  Anytime we try to, Hey, would you be interested in, no, I don't want to get in trouble with IHOP Corporation.
  Yeah.
 With Captain Kidd himself sends out like heavies to like, stop asking questions.
  But that will be bar 25.
  Be gone, Avast, yee.
  Be gone.
  You no good land lovers.
  There is no scandal here.
  We did not just have a tray of onion rings with just breading and no actual onions present.
  Get out of here.
  And certainly there wasn't one that was motor oil inside.
  Tiffany had his strength turpentine.
 It's fine.
  $25 on Patreon is what that'll be.
  Only paywall, paywall only, no free feed.
  $25 tier.
  Yeah.
 That's what he was, Scott was saying.
  I think that, so we'll see.
  Well, we'll see how long.
  You got to value what you're selling.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
 So much more valuable than this podcast.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We're getting away for free now.
  We weren't back in the, back in the underworld, but, but now we're up.
  Yeah.
 Hey, we're back where we've beaten Robert Earl.
  We're, we're on our way to whatever the, the finale of the steam thing is.
  And we are having yanked the eight, the Lego store into this level, just to have something to talk about.
  Let's talk about the Lego store.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
  Okay.
 What do, who wants to, you want to go first? You go first.
  Yeah.
 I mean, well, Carly gave us our totem.
 She gave us our mini figs.
  Yes.
  Of all of us.
 It was very, very lovely gift.
  I liked the Lego store.
  Lego store has always had a presence at downtown Disney, both coasts, Disney Springs, like Prince Charming, fighting Maleficent in Lego form, like Belle and Beast.
  That is Prince Charming from Sleeping Beauty, right? That's the, yeah.
  Prince Philip.
 Prince Philip.
 Okay.
  Yeah.
 It's not, he doesn't have the charming moniker.
  I was a little bit of a Lego kid.
 I had a number of Lego sets.
 I had the Lego bases that you would build stuff on, kind of keep it organized.
  I really liked mixing stuff all up and like making my own little contraptions and creations.
  Okay.
 So Scott Lego kid, yes.
  Yeah.
  Pretty, how, what if, what kind of like a few sets or?  Yeah.
 I don't, I don't remember if I, the same as you and Turtles where I liked it a lot, but I don't remember it nearly as well as you do.
  Right.
 Fair enough.
 Fair enough.
  I had a little spaceship.
 I had a far, like a Robin Hood medieval kind of thing with a few figures.
  Yeah.
 I had some cars.
  There were, and I'm trying to remember the name of them.
 I had.
  Not a lot of licensed stuff back then.
 Lego proudly not licensed back then.
  Yes.
  And the thing that saved them was getting into licensing.
  Right.
 They were doing, they were having trouble financially.
 And then they decided to make all of the IPs, which is what everyone's doing.
  It's happened everywhere.
 And it saved Lego because now you can get Marvel superhero, DC superhero, Star Wars, everything.
  Yeah.
 Also creating their own character.
 Those Ninjago, I'm sure they're still popular.
  Ninjago?  Ninjago.
  I don't know.
 I think Ninjago.
  A few years ago were so big.
 Like people I knew with kids were like, I don't know.
 I like all this Ninjago stuff.
  Is there a Lego set for that Willem Dafoe Pattinson movie?  Oh man, if I could get a lighthouse Lego set.
  Lego Lighthouse Pals?  I bet there's a lighthouse one that I could like customize.
 That I could paint.
  I'm sure there's customizable minifigs and I'm sure there's like fan painted ones.
  Like when people buy an action figure and make it paint it and redo it to a different character.
  So my favorite thing in Lego that I ever had, and I believe this is the thing, there was an Ice Planet 2002 series of Lego.
  Okay.
  And they had their own sort of like, I don't know, they didn't really have a narrative, at least that I saw, but I had this and it was so exciting.
  Because it had, I liked all the futurey type things with spaceships and this was, these are guys that would explore some sort of ice planet, probably not on like Hoth.
  And then they would have skis on the bottom of their Lego feet.
 And I was obsessed with this.
 I still have it in a Rubbermaid somewhere.
  So I was very into it, but I was not like, I had honestly like two big sets and then just like a lot of random blocks.
  So I was never like a hardcore Lego kid.
 I want to be a hardcore Lego guy, but there's no room in this apartment.
  No, certainly.
  And no, certainly.
  It's a lot of, every corner is jammed with toys already.
  You'd have to get rid of Dexter Jetser.
  That's out of the question.
 Although I think there was probably a Lego Dexter Jekster somewhere if they made a space diner.
  Dexter Jekster holds a place of honor next to a framed photo of you and Lindsay.
  That's a good point.
  And a video game controller, which I think is just there because it's practical to be there.
  Yeah, because she has some thing, some nail there.
  But it is not, Dexter Jekster is clearly just decoration.
  Yeah.
 And then this in the living room is where I have the least amount of my toys.
 They're mostly up in my office area, which it's crazy.
  So anyway, but I have friends who have like, you know, they bought the Millennium Falcon or they bought just Boba Fett's Slave I and have constructed.
  It does seem fun.
 I think there's something like fun about constructing a thing.
 I haven't done a puzzle in years.
  Some of those big sets though are like rent for a month or like a mortgage payment.
  They were displaying in the Lego store the Star Destroyer from Star Wars and it was $700.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So like it's so, I think the, they have a Death Star, which is around the same price.
  They have some Disney Park specific stuff, which again is trying, it's getting me closer.
  Well, I got, I like the Main Street station that even that though is 400 and there's different rooms and stuff.
  I do have, I did have to laugh because there is one room and I think it's just supposed to be a sitting room with a chair.
  Like I really like the, the like Telegraph office with Dale in there.
  But there is a room up here with like a chair with a side table, but it looks like a toilet.
  It looks like it could just be a bathroom with a toilet and toilet paper in it.
  I mean, you can, obviously the fun thing about Legos is that you could do that.
  You could buy the Disneyland castle and then put toilets in every room.
  So there's a lot of flexibility.
 Every turret has a toilet on it and you can have all the characters shitting while sitting on the toilet.
  The characters like they are an engineer or a ticket taker costume or Minnie is on like a journey.
  What?  Like she's, she's like got a parasol and she's got like luggage and an outfit.
  A journey.
  Well, like a traveling coat.
  Is that what that's called? Is it spelled like the fun thing you go on?  What?  What are you saying? What word are you saying?  A journey?  A journey?  J O U R N E Y  I'm going on a magical journey.
  Journey?  Oh, okay.
  She's traveling.
  I thought you were saying it was a thing of like a clothing item.
  I'm sorry.
  We've been doing this a long time.
  Yeah.
  So I'm losing my mind.
  We've been on a journey.
  A journey that has not left this room mostly for 48 hours.
  Yeah.
  And I've been wearing a journey.
 That's the way I feel.
  Did anybody feel like disgusting after like just sitting in the room after yesterday?  Just like I need to, I need to shower.
  I just like, just, just sitting and waiting.
  I just, I splayed out on the bed for like 45 minutes.
  I made.
  After doing a lot of podcasting.
 Yes.
  I saw that Rouse picked up a frozen pizza, cooked the frozen pizza, ate it, caught my breath.
  What?  Caught my breath.
 Caught my, like sat for a second.
  From the journey.
  And then did three or four more levels of research and then just collapsed and came back today.
  Emotionally called your mom.
  What am I doing?  It's not going well.
  I think we all left.
  We were all like, oh, we should do this more often.
  I think last night we left on a good note.
  I think like one day of marathon was good and this morning we were all on edge.
  Yes.
  I was going to say, I didn't feel that bad.
  I felt horrible this morning, but I didn't feel that bad last night.
  I was certainly tired and I needed to rest for a second, but I didn't feel really terrible until I woke up this morning.
  Yeah.
  So whatever he's done.
  So we, it was all okay.
  We spoofed it all over, but we were a little edgy this morning.
  Everything's fine.
  Everything is fine.
  And now I'm talking about my eyes.
  Everything's fine.
  We're going to talk about the various tree carts.
  I can feel my voice starting to go.
  It's rare my voice gives out, but like.
  I found.
  So sorry.
  Monday would be happy.
  Like he planted the, it's like he planted this.
  They'll just naturally stop.
  This is actually what I had.
  It's much cooler than what I showed you.
  The listener doesn't know what you're showing.
  I'm trying to show you guys.
  I think it's the same item that's just a box.
  But talk to them.
  They're listening.
  Nonsense.
  It is cool.
  You used to have to use your imagination to fill out the world.
  Now it's like one to one.
  This looks like the Simpsons is bad car.
  They're big stand that they hate.
  The, uh, I had, oh, I had a thing with those, with those domes.
  It was a spaceship that had like Homer's dome.
  Then it's bad car that everyone hated.
  Oh yeah.
  So I liked that.
  And I think we've said this before when Homer's car was unveiled, I went cool.
  You didn't understand that it was bad.
  The joke did not land with me.
  I was six years old and I went, oh shit, that's awesome.
  I could sit in the other dome.
  If I was in the car with my parents, I was like, that would be awesome.
  And the rest of the show is about Homer being rich from his great idea.
  That's what I thought.
  And then here, here, and here, young Mike going, that's a great idea.
  Yeah.
  It was cool.
  I liked the colors.
  Yeah.
  It didn't make any sense to me.
  Don't turn.
  I'm in this lane.
  Yeah.
  I didn't get it.
  Uh, Hey, and that baby talking machine is a good idea too.
  Well, let it, if it could work.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I don't think Homer's did be brothers.
  The guy had figured it out.
  No, I don't think so.
  He didn't seem like he was that smart.
  Who was the voice?  Danny, Danny, who was also a voice in look who's talking.
  Yeah.
  The baby.
  But nor was he a dog in the latter day.
  He was, you're right.
  It was the dog.
  Yeah.
  So it wasn't a baby voice twice.
  Right.
  He wouldn't, but he was mini me in Austin pussy.
  The fake, the fake and Austin powers.
  Yeah.
  I watched that recently and I forgot all about that.
  Now, what I want is for that to be a full and reboot mania.
  Let's man.
  I was so excited about making jaws.
  Oh yeah.
  That's your niche.
  We think we, yeah.
  I'd like to make all of Austin pussy with the original cast with Tom cruise, Gwyneth  Paltrow, Danny DeVito, and who was Dr.
 Evil again?  Whoever it was.
  And let's get him.
  Darren.
  What's it was a guy who looked a lot like Bobby Darren really resemble Bobby Darren,  even though he was old with Bobby.
  Darren was way older.
  Yeah.
  Splish splash.
  I was taking a bath.
  That was the, that was, there was a writer's room discussion once where we were remembering  that movie, the under the sea, the Bobby Darren movie with Kevin Spacey.
  Yeah.
  And we were trying to, we were like, did he do splish splash?  I was taking a bath.
  And when we figured out that Andrew was just like went silent for a while.
  And then like we even moved on.
  And then I think writer's assistant just like, without announcing it, interrupted a sentence  with split splash.
  I was taking a bath.
  Oh yes.
  They did it.
  I remember.
  He sings splish splash.
  I was taking a bath.
  I remember when that was like coming out or I think I was reading an entertainment weekly  and I was in high school and they framed it as like Oscar winner, Kevin Spacey using his  cloud to get a very personal project made close to his heart where he'll play a 21 year  old Bobby Darren.
  And that was like a big moment for me to know like, yeah, Hollywood is weird.
  Like even as like a 16 year old, I was like, that's not right.
  And the whole, his romance with the, whatever the actress is, is all very like, I'm going  to be in love with you.
  You'll see.
  It's all like a creepy stalker.
  So that holds up great right after American beauty, which every minute of it is poison  now.
  It's just all.
  This is one of the- Poor Annette Benning and Peter Gallagher.
  Actually, no, I was a poor, um, uh, Thora Birch, uh, mostly.
  Sure.
  I feel like she had, is that Thora Birch?  Yeah, that's Thora Birch.
  Are you talking about Mina Suvari?  Or Mina Suvari.
  Well, either- And Thora Birch is the other-  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I, both of them.
  Poor Thora Birch because Jinx the cat died in her arms and, uh, she thought Jinx was  dead for a little bit in Halloween classic Hocus Pocus.
  Yeah.
  Um, this is- We're talking about Legos.
  I like them both a lot.
  I like them both a lot.
  This is one of those where clearly like, I think I'm in a, this is maybe for me, the  equivalent of the drunk episode of City Walk Saga where I've been like slowly nursing water  down cold foam.
  It's been here for hours and I'm snapping.
  I'd like to talk about anything but what we have to talk, but the faster we do it, the  faster we free the- Yeah, the faster you hear me talk about my childhood Legos.
  But wait, there are more pictures.
  I gotta say- More, more jet, more space jets.
  We alluded to this earlier and I think Mike found a great discovery.
  Don't hype me, don't hype me.
  This late in the- It's Iturak, god damn it.
  We alluded to it.
  I'm just saying, I don't know what you're actually getting to.
  The friends, the Lego friends.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Great is a, uh, especially right now when we're running out of time.
  But it's in this box.
  The bar of great is low.
  Well yeah, so, so we, you know, we love specific IP and then there's, Lego has that and they've  had many different sets of like original Lego characters and now they have the very originally  named much like the Pandora friends, the Lego friends.
  And the Lego friends have, they're not Ross and Rachel.
  They're not those friends, which is confusing because they have so many different IPs.
  You would think if it was called- Do they have a friend set?  I don't think so, but I've seen, sometimes you see mockups of things and you're not sure  if they're real or not.
  But they have the Lego friends and they're all, you know, characters and there's, I was  looking at this, there's a TV show of the Lego friends and the Lego friends are what  looked to be, and I guess this is sort of just, you know, a little bit more modern cause  I think they used to have sort of more domestic Lego sets and it was like, this is for girls  and it's about playing house and stuff.
  Now the Lego friends, they all do insane things like rescue a boy from rocks in the middle  of the ocean.
  It's all like high adventure with the Lego friends and there are so many shows.
  There are so many episodes of Lego friends.
  I had no idea that this existed.
  But I like them.
  I do.
  What are their names?  I know.
  Was the names honestly, I don't know where my phone is, which is where I have, hold on.
  Let me find it.
  Let me find it.
  Mike lets his phone out of his sight.
  I know.
  I'm losing my frigging mind.
  You've missed 40 alerts.
  Your eye doctor told you like, how much are you looking at your phone?  Didn't he say like your eyes are very dried out?  She said, yeah, there was a day I had really bad eye strain the day before I went to the  eye doctor and she was like, your eyes are really red.
  And I was like, I think it's cause I look at my phone too much.
  And she goes, she goes, I don't know.
  She goes, they're really red.
  I don't know if that would do it.
  I go, I do look at it a lot.
  I have, meanwhile, I've been doing digital detox that I've turned off all notifications  except texts and emails.
  Well, aren't you so special for the great scale?  I can't know.
  Living a pure life.
  He does know I'm not doing, it's hard.
  My digital addiction continues.
  So some of the characters.
  I've just been reading Joker tweets nonstop.
  All takes every take.
  I don't know what everyone thinks.
  So, I think he's the clown prince of crime.
  Ethan, Andrea, Andrea, Anne, Angus, Mia, Olivia, Andrea again, Emma, Vicky.
  I think they might be the same people, but some of them are in different sets.
  Daniel is also one and he's got like kind of a letterman jacket on.
  And yeah.
  Why are they, why are they interesting?  Why are they interesting?  They all have boring names.
  They all have boring names.
  Angus.
  Angus?  No.
  You don't think Angus is interesting?  There's a whole movie called Angus in the nineties already.
  I guess that's a good point.
  Here they are.
  They are, this is a theme park set where they're on some sort of an octopus ride, which is  pretty cool.
  Oh, I got stuck on one of those once as a kid where I just like, well, it wasn't that  it got stuck in the air.
  It just wouldn't stop.
  And like me and my dad are always saying, we're like, stop it.
  You've been going, it's running too long.
  The Lego friends.
  Here's the problem though.
  They're still like, you're not wrong about the generic names.
  If I'm a kid and I go in there and it's between the Lego friends or my friends from Star  Wars Rogue One, like K2SO, I'm going K2SO.
  I do think they need to maybe differentiate them a little bit more, but maybe it's very  popular and I don't know.
  I'm not the right demographic, I guess.
  The Lego friends like today, does this include, there's a bunch of girls who are more humany.
  Some of them wear headbands.
  Are those Lego friends?  What you described was very general.
  Are you saying specifically what you were looking at?  Let me see them.
  There's a lot of big Lego stuff outside the store.
  Like you said, the Maleficent being the beast, but also next to like the ramps where kids  can play and like make little cars and send them down a ramp at the Lego store.
  There's all these girls.
  Anyway, I was hanging out with them and I was in heaven with this surrounded by these  ladies.
  I don't know, they might be like 15.
  No way, dude.
  I think they're young.
  I don't know that.
  Maybe these are the, yeah, these are like instead of generic city, like I feel like  there was like the police and the city hall and the apartment building.
  Like this is that version of that nowadays.
  I'm sure they still have that.
  And those are like, and they also, I think they bought, no, no, that's different.
  Playmobil is different, but they're, yeah, they always had those sort of genericky characters,  but now it's lost world.
  You can, it's Owen Grady you can get.
  And Claire Dennis.
  Claire Dennis.
  Why would you want?  Dearing.
  Claire Dearing.
  They're confusing her with the singer, Kathy Dennis.
  That's right.
  Writer of the song toxic.
  I think I was confusing her with Kat Denning.
  Oh, that too.
  With two broke girls, Kat Denning.
  Yeah.
  Nick and Nora's infinite playlist.
  Thor.
  This is my, this is an infinite podcast.
  They have, look, they have Lego city where you get to like have generic Lego guys do  jobs.
  Right.
  That's like Lego movie.
  Lego movie was very big for generic Legos and IP Legos.
  Lego is out of control, honestly, with how many things there's Lego elves and it's like  their own brand of elves.
  They're on top of the world.
  Brickheads.
  They're bigger Legos that you create bigger characters and there's like Mickey and Harry  Potter.
  It's the, the, there's sims.
  It's insane how many different Legos things there are right now.
  I don't want to say that there there's a fall coming, but it does feel like Legos flying  a little close to the sun with all these lines and stuff.
  Really?  Okay.
  You think it's over?  I actually, I think that's all he smooth sailing.
  I think the IP is.
  Polly's are fun.
  We determined many days ago.
  I guess that's true.
  IP is going to save them.
  Let me say this.
  This is a store that I would have been obsessed with as a kid cause of the back wall where  you can truly put together whatever combination of blocks you want.
  That was such a thing I wanted as a kid.
  Yeah.
  And the idea that we would have gone into that store and I would have gotten to, you  know, put together all one color blocks or something.
  That's so great.
  That's great.
  And yeah, I have some really appealing pictures.
  I was exploring the store and just putting my phone like inside a little orb full of  a ton of a ton of carrots or a ton of baguettes.
  That's great.
  Yeah.
  It's like such, such wonderful colors that are great to look at.
  It reminds me like doing like the, like the Mr.
 Rogers, like tour the crayon factory.
  Yes.
  Seeing a bunch of vibrant colors altogether.
  Maybe it very, very fun.
  I'm sure you any like, this seems like such a good place for, well, I was going to say  two or three year old, but you know, choking hazards, but you know, five and up.
  It's a rare thing I think in downtown Disney, especially so much of being so boring that  it might actually distract you from Disneyland being right around the corner.
  But I think this could eat up your time for a while.
  There's magic in this place for a child specifically or an adult collector.
  Even the earlier iterations of Lego stores.
  I like loved going in as a kid.
  I couldn't spend any money, but I would like play around and then race the cars.
  You can play in outside.
  I feel like I would have been intimidated to play with the other kids because there's  so many kids digging through Lego outside Lego stuff outside.
  I feel like I would have been like scared or like I was going to be made fun of for  making a Lego thing wrong.
  Like that doesn't look good.
  Like idiot and I would have been like ashamed of myself.
  There's a big Darth Vader in there too.
  That's cool.
  Yeah, that's cool.
  The store itself.
  There's like, you know, the displays are great and they've been at downtown Disney for so  long.
  It's like a good part of the fabric of yes.
  Yeah, this is good.
  Don't let our fatigue fool you into thinking we don't like this.
  Lego.
  There's a Lego.
  You can get a Lego mosaic.
  You can for $120 or something.
  What does that mean?  That means you can get like a Lego recreation of your face.
  And it's OK.
  Weird.
  And I thought about like trying to figure out if we could do it, but it's so expensive.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There's a big one.
  All right.
  Moving on.
  That's it.
  You're on means we're moving on Disney.
  Oh, fuck.
  Disney's pin traders.
  All right.
  I used to be a big Disney pin trader kid.
  The first few years of it.
  I loved it.
  Yeah.
  When I went every year, I would always come back with a few pins.
  I liked how brightly colored they were.
  A lot of simple designs.
  You still got them.
  I have some out here and then some are on.
  I used to decorate.
  I had a lamp shade in my childhood bedroom that is covered in pins.
  Really?  Yeah.
  I got to take a picture of that next time I'm home.
  I don't know how to ship the lamp out.
  I don't know how to gently.
  I guess I got to pack it and ship it.
  Is your childhood home or is your childhood room intact?  Well, it was kind of boxed.
  When my mom moved, my mom and stepdad moved in together, it was kind of boxed up and then  unboxed.
  So it's kind of intact.
  The version of it.
  A version of it is intact.
  And every time I go home, I get the, you got to get rid of this, some of this stuff and  then never do.
  Sounds like you do.
  Yeah, I definitely do.
  So I like the pins.
  Back in the late 90s, I feel like the merch was not as varied and good as it was now.
  So the pins were kind of reliable of like getting an Alien Encounter logo or getting  a nice create of the like MGM Studios logo.
  So I thought the pins were, I would allocate some of my souvenirs, spending money for that.
  And I liked them.
  And then it, at a certain point I drifted off and it really blew up.
  It really exploded.
  There is so many pins now.
  So when you got out, it got good.
  I'm not sure if it did.
  I don't really like this.
  Like they have this pricing method now or like the pin, it's like it costs yellow and  then you have to look at a key and yellow is 8.
95 and green is 9.
95 and blue is 12.
95.
  What don't you like about that?  I don't know.
  I think it's an extra step to make you think for another second that like, I really like  this.
  I want this.
  How much is it?  Okay.
  I'm thinking about it.
  I'm looking up like it's like a trick.
  It feels, I guess it's simpler for them to like stock everything.
  I was going to say, I don't know.
  I'm trying to think of what the angle is on that.
  Why are they, that would be a trick versus why that's just an easy way.
  Cause it's a small, I would assume it's because it's a small piece of merchandise and it's  maybe hard to put a tag, which is already kind of big.
  They've all got tags on the back.
  So I don't know why.
  No, it just, it says yellow.
  And then you had to look and look at yellow for the price.
  Maybe you're onto something.
  It's a unique, it's odd.
  They only really do it for pins.
  And boy, how they do they have a lot of pins.
  Powerline feel like there's multiple powerline pins, the fictional band from the goofy movie.
  Yes.
  Uh, there is a lot of powerline stuff in general, I feel like.
  But it does feel like they have pins maybe is the most varied place of like very types  of characters on merchandise.
  Here's a pin of Chip and Dale stealing Donald's mixtape.
  Why?  I don't know why he has a mixtape.
  I heard so much disdain in your.
  Yeah, really?  It's all, it all fell apart.
  My whole life fell apart in that phrase.
  There was a chip and Dale are still in some mixtape.
  I had to ask you cause I couldn't remember what it was from the badge that Jiminy Cricket  wears.
  Yeah, you didn't recognize that.
  It's his, I forget what it says.
  Conscience.
  It's his, cause he's Pinocchio's guiding object.
  I only knew that cause it was next to another pin where it was a pin of him wearing the  pin.
  They have pins of why they have pins of characters wearing the pins.
  They have it all.
  Truly, Disney's pin traders has it all.
  Why don't I care about pin trading?  Why do you know what?  All right, I'm going to throw, I'm going to throw out a take here.
  I, uh, for sure.
  Uh, I have said this, my wife has said this, we have in people sussing out like, oh, you  guys are like big theme park fans.
  And we say, yeah, we are.
  I mean, we're not like, you know, that we're not like pin traders or anything.
  We have said this, somebody, I'm sure people are offended that I said that just now.
  Right.
  That being said, I'm trying to figure out why, what is the, what is my aversion?  And I think what it might be, I don't think there's anything inherently, uh, bad or too  nerdy about pin trading, but I feel like a lot of people do it very joylessly.
  Like it's, it's like, it's easy.
  It seems, I get the sense that it is a chore for people and they show up with their like  ribbons with 300 on and it's just robotically sure.
  Um, that, I mean, that I think is just the collector brain, collector's mindset.
  And you'd find that with anything, with anything, certainly in the comic book world, I have  been guilty of it.
  I know we've talked about it before me and Mike, I don't know.
  Did you have that for anything or were you like a collector and like just collecting  like was more, almost more important than the, the practical nature of the item?  Um, not a ton.
  I'm not super, uh, collect honestly, my recent, uh, wanting to get every type of Rex was a  rare dip into that for me.
  I just wanted to get the park star in the vinyl mission.
  And you are the only one of us married.
  Let's just sit with that for a second.
  Huh?  Huh?  Okay.
  Huh?  There is, and I, this is not this, I, there was a comic I was getting.
  It's actually the one where I sitting right here.
  Uh, it was sold out of the comic store that I first went to.
  I went to a second comic store.
  It was sold out and I felt a little bit of excitement about that because of the hunt.
  There was some like, yeah, there's some collector brain of like, man, when I find this is going  to be good.
  And then I wasn't, I found it in the third store and I wasn't disappointed, but it was  like, okay, got it.
  And now it's like a little rare and now it's a little, so there is something collector  brain.
  I understand the, the, the, the thrill of the chase.
  And there's been like, you know, there's been artists where like, I want to track down all  these bootlegs and rare stuff.
  I'm like, oh, there's some weird Japan, Japan only, uh, rarities collection of this guy.
  And so, and I, so I understand like completeism and it's, you know, to some extent it might  be the glass half empty view of me on this might be like, maybe I don't have enough passion  for enough things where I want to get all this stuff.
  Uh, you know, I think that's, that's where like probably the more fun side of pin trading  is, uh, it's fun.
  This thing makes me happy and it reminds me of this ride.
  And there's a good, I'm sure there's like, I'm sure there's both elements to it.
  That can be fun.
  Oh, I'm sure people like that.
  And like, I, well, I think you're right that that's just how it like, you can see the people  having fun at Comic-Con and you can see the people just sort of like, you're going around  and doing everything in light, like, well, I have to do it all.
  And I don't, and like not, yeah, I think that's the case with any fandom is just like, remember  this is all for fun.
  So stop and enjoy it.
  And yeah, I mean, we read the comics that we buy and I try to keep them in good shape,  but I don't care if like a little corner.
  I don't like that still.
  That bothers me.
  I don't really like it.
  We were recording Nick money, put the microphone down on the top of the comic and I, there's  a little bit of me when I went like, I went like, it was a little bit.
  Oh, that was adding to the, the very tense Nick Monday episode.
  He was missing up here, but also don't put it on the table.
  Oh yeah, of course.
  And also like, I know it's fine.
  I also know these are not that valuable anymore.
  Anyway, partly the publishers cheaping out on decent paper and ink and they like, I'm  just saying there's a thing like drilled into me as a, as a kid still of like, you know,  these are valuable too and you got to take care of them.
  Uh, I would like to see more bombs.
  I'd like to see them black cauldrons, a brother bear, some home on the range.
  Oh, so I thought you meant like actual bomb pins of like, like a cartoon with the wick.
  Yeah, I want to see a pin of the new bomb, the Don Adams film.
  I don't like pins or stickers and there's some weird childhood thing about it.
  I didn't like anything on my clothes.
  I didn't want an extra thing, especially stickers.
  Cause I would be like, I gotta peel it off and like, like name tags.
  I hate it.
  I still don't like it.
  If you have to go somewhere with a name tag that bothers me and pins, especially I have  some pins that are cool, but I don't, I need to figure out where to display them because  I will never wear them.
  I don't care for them and I don't know exactly why that is, but I just, as a kid, I didn't  like something on my clothes.
  I don't know.
  I never got into them.
  You know what happened?  A friend, a friend of mine I was writing with, uh, got a, like an incorrect package.
  Like it was for the person who used to live at the place and he didn't know where to find  him.
  So like, ah, whatever.
  And it was a, so it was a wrong package that got delivered.
  There was eight Disney pins and he was like, you like Disney stuff, right?  You want to leave three.
  If you want one of these, they just showed up here.
  And uh, one of them horizons.
  Whoa, jackpot knocked it out of the park.
  I was like, yes, I want one of these.
  Wow.
  That is the one thing is they did all the Epcot logos and every now and then I see them  on the boards.
  I think that would be fine.
  I never wanted to trade them as a kid.
  I was so particular.
  Right.
  I bought the ones I wanted and never like, I never thought about buying ones to trade  with cast members or other people.
  But now every now and then I go through a store and I see one of the Epcot pins and  I'm like, I bet I could find a set of that.
  Yeah.
  Like I like those.
  I would guide, I would want that full collection.
  And it does make me think how good our logo inspired by that would be on like a nice enamel  pin.
  Sure.
  That's merch I would love to offer, but I don't know how to offer it.
  I don't know where good pins can be made.
  We know some pin people.
  Yeah.
  Well, there's actually like a couple different people that have like various interests in  pin company.
  Like pins are very popular right now.
  There's like an upsurge in pin popularity.
  So I, again, I respect the pin trading community.
  Also, I was going to say my sister got me some like old like vintage-y country bears  pins, which are fun.
  And I have that and I would like to display them somewhere.
  I have a bunch of Moonbeam pity, city pity, Moonbeam pity.
  That's what I had after it got canceled.
  There's some of these city pins that I'm not doing anything with.
  Hey, if you want Moonbeam city pins, DM me and if we're going to be a live show, I'll  bring them to you or sign them or something.
  They're pretty fucking cool.
  I'm amazed somebody made them.
  Yeah, they're sweet.
  They got a good little what's the thing when you like mount them on something?  It's like a little postcard display.
  I don't know.
  Oh, yeah.
  A little backboard.
  I don't know.
  It's cool.
  Seriously.
  Hit me up.
  Got the characters faces and everything.
  So if we know pin guys, yeah, that sounds cool to me.
  And when are also when are we going to start offering our logo on a big burlap, a big burlap  sack?  That's a good question.
  Would you know any Jason?  I don't know if we know anybody in the burlap sack sayings.
  The part I mean, if I know anyone burlap sacks, they're wearing them, you know, down at the  yard down at the rail yard.
  You know, once they ate all the potatoes from them.
  Yes.
  Put them on and I have asked around about plush a little bit.
  Yeah.
  It is just not cost effective.
  No, I feel like even hats, hats are hard to be.
  Yeah.
  And then I think because I think pins are you can make pins cheaply and you make shirts  cheaply.
  But I think when you get out of there, then a listener, a listener has a pin company.
  He gave us some.
  I forget what's the gentleman's name.
  Fred.
  Yeah, Fred.
  I read.
  Midnight Dogs.
  Is that right?  I might be.
  I'm going to try to look at the spot now and I like it.
  No, I'm going to meet this person.
  I don't know.
  I have no comic con.
  Oh, I certainly didn't meet them.
  Also we can put up a we'll put up a picture of the great Lego us is that Carly made and  so you can make them too.
  If you want Legos of us, go to the store and do it.
  And if you have great off, yeah, Midnight Dogs and animal pins.
  Yeah, Fred.
  They were cool.
  Cool.
  Here's a Spider-Man the war one.
  I got a Rocco is modern life.
  There was a lot of cool stuff.
  Yeah.
  What you can do to with us if you make us, you can then put toilets all over your Cinderella  Castle and put us all in the toilet.
  Yeah, there we go.
  Oh, the treat carts, the various street carts, various street carts, kind of a wasteland,  kind of kind of the facsimile of Disneyland on like not Disneyland churros, not Disney  hot dogs like diggity dog, diggity dog, a French company, a different popcorn company.
  Some one of the stands is Sunglass icon by Sunglass Hut.
  Yeah.
  Another.
  Another bit.
  This is after I think we should call this impulse by alley.
  Yeah, because it is clearly like people going like, oh, I want a hot dog.
  Oh, I want popcorn.
  Uh huh.
  And they don't care the level of quality or love put into it.
  It all seems just like, I mean, the churro one, it seems like they're trying to experiment  a lot.
  There was like, oh, it's a corn dog, but it's sriracha.
  And they have like fruity pebbles for fruity pebble churro.
  Like, I don't know.
  It seems like people are having fun.
  I it's fine.
  They need to fill out that space or else it's just empty.
  And Disney is owns these companies, but it's like, am I wrong?  I don't know.
  I think they're third party vendors.
  Question, we watched that profit episode with the woman who no longer runs a popcorn cart.
  Popcornopolis.
  No, no, no, because that's the big one from CityWalk.
  It was something else and she was very difficult and wanted poor locations and their main money  maker was downtown Disney.
  So that was like a separate vendor who just worked there.
  Okay.
  No longer does.
  So that goes to show Disney will torture.
  They'll pull the plug.
  Well, Nick money pulling our microphone cord out.
  And there's, it's very confusing because you look up diggity dogs, there's a company that's  not the hot dog company, but there's a lot of different hot dog companies with a similar  name.
  A lot of rappers called that.
  Yeah, yes.
  But I wonder.
  It's what my dad thinks.
  My dad's trying to name Snoop Dogg.
  He's like, was that no good diggity dog?  It's like a Hanna Barbera character.
  No good.
  Talking about him like he's snidely whiplash.
  I'll get him one day.
  Public enemy number one Snoop Dogg.
  I'm nervous.
  He's just, he's just been ingratiating himself for 25 years pretending he's a nice friendly  guy.
  You know, from the beach bum, the actor Snoop Dogg.
  Soul planes.
  He's in, has got to be in sag aftra.
  Oh, for sure.
  Yeah, of course.
  Yes.
  He's in star skiing hutch.
  Yeah, he's in star skiing hutch.
  So yeah, he pays bills just like.
  Just like Mitch, Bob Iger and I went to Ithaca College.
  Me and Snoop Dogg are at the same union.
  You're bound.
  That's your Kevin Bacon game of, yeah.
  Well, look, I smoked weed with Snoop Dogg.
  So that's my connection.
  That's the dream.
  Yeah.
  To get them to get everyone to calm down on a tense shoot.
  And then I pretended to be cool and said that was good shit, man.
  Wow.
  And I've never, I felt cool in the moment because I was smoking a blunt that Snoop Dogg  handed to me.
  And then I watched the video and it was the opposite of cool.
  It's very strange.
  I haven't talked to put that on the podcast.
  I don't think so.
  We revealed you did shoe or we're not sure.
  Shaw.
  Yeah, great.
  I smoked a blunt with Snoop Dogg and I tried to smoke as little of it as humanly possible  because I had to like function and do things.
  Oh, for sure.
  That's that.
  I wonder like if there's, I do, I'm just wondering about some of these carts because it's very  hard to find information about it or other carts.
  So like the Sammy Duvall owned something here or something.
  Is there some sort of Disney connection?  I'm sure.
  I just, I wonder, cause there's not any information on diggity dogs in this logo here.
  So I wonder if it's just like, we need a cart name.
  Cause how else would you brand it if it was a Disney owned dog, hot dog?  100 monkeys came up with the name diggity dogs.
  The typewriters.
  Pluto's dogs.
  Yeah, sure.
  But I mean, they don't.
  Bolt's dogs.
  He is a dog.
  Bolt's dog.
  That's perverse.
  No, they're hot dogs.
  Dogs selling dogs.
  But dogs love eating hot links.
  Yeah, that's true.
  They're always stealing those rope sausages.
  Okay, you're always trying to steal those rope sausages too.
  This was a while back, but that's, if you could, that, uh, that's like Disney bounding.
  You could do is anything that involved where you like are wearing like decorative, like  line of sausage links around your neck.
  There's a German sausage company right in Glendale that supplies a lot of places.
  It's a deli.
  You can still get rope sausages there.
  So you as, if you, if you Disney bounded as Dodger from Oliver and Company.
  Oh, I love the Artful Dodger.
  Yeah.
  Was he called Artful Dodger in the Oliver and Company?  He was definitely called Dodger.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I mean, we love children in the eighties.
  We've thrown around the word Artful a lot.
  Yeah.
  But he wore sunglasses and sang with Billy Joel's voice.
  That's what I know.
  So when you're coming out of that place with the sausages, oftentimes people probably think  you're, you're bounding as the Dodger.
  Why should I worry?  With a mouth full of sausage.
  Do you need a bag?  No, I'll carry them out in my mouth.
  Why should I care?  You're like jumping and dancing on taxi cabs after you buy your sausages.
  Yeah.
  My favorite behind the scenes thing ever for the, the one that Chris is.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah, that's great.
  Sure.
  He can sing.
  Then can he act?  He can really act.
  As we know, Billy Joel's thriving acting career ever since that cracked him open as an actor  in 89.
  It is crazy.
  Billy Joel is not in uncut gems.
  It feels like Billy Joel should be in uncut gems like Mike Francesa is.
  Wait, what's uncut?  Oh, that's the Adam Sandler.
  Adam Sandler movie.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's actually looks like he's good in that too.
  Yeah, you might be.
  Where's the Lego set of that?  Oh yeah.
  That would be good.
  The Celtics, the whole Celtics team.
  Yeah, that would be good.
  Anyway, look at that trailer.
  Is this movie come out by the time this comes out?  Comes out around.
  Yeah, it comes out.
  I don't remember.
  Towards the end of the year.
  Okay.
  Do we have to talk about the Monorail station again?  Haven't we covered it?  We do have to talk about it.
  We did a Monorail episode.
  We did a whole Monorail episode, but this station specifically, we talked a little bit  of it on the Carly episode.
  A little bit with Carly.
  It's a little plain.
  What is it?  Is it supposed to be palm leaves?  What is it?  What is it?  Screen.
  It's kind of go away green in parts.
  That paint shade they use to like not catch your eye.
  Go away green.
  Go away green.
  Yeah, you're not supposed to notice it.
  Yeah.
  I know, but go away green.
  Oh, it's what a lot of like power generators or construction walls are painted when they're  trying to like draw attention away from it.
  Oh.
  Yeah.
  I think we're ending this episode with a thing that made in the specifically most nondescript  color a topic that's come up in several episodes before.
  I say bring back the Monorail cafe.
  I think that's what this area really needs.
  I think that's right.
  I think that they've been closing the station a lot for who knows exactly.
  Some people say money.
  Some people say they're trying to figure out how to reformat the track when they do some  big stuff in Tomorrowland or Fantasyland.
  But it just feels, I don't know, it does feel like a bit of an afterthought.
  Yeah.
  I would like it to feel, it's cool when you go on the Monorail.
  It should be feeling cooler.
  It shouldn't be like you're kind of like, all right, I guess we'll just do this because  I don't want to walk the whole way.
  I mean, great if you're coming back from the park and you're staying at the Disneyland  Hotel.
  Sure.
  And you just want to get back to the hotel.
  Well, there's one day where it was very cool.
  And that is that it's something that came up down in the underworld preview.
  If you didn't listen to that, here's the kind of thing you were missing out on down  there.
  We talked about the premiere of Tomorrowland in 2015, star-studded premiere.
  And afterwards, the guests all took a Monorail into the park, into the original, the real  deal Tomorrowland.
  And here is a picture in the Monorail station of George Clooney and Bob Iger in the front  car of the Monorail.
  Patsuk, your Ithaca boy.
  Yeah.
  And my tequila supplier.
  My Casa Miga.
  Where is Cindy Crawford's husband and George Clooney best friend, Randy Gerber in that  photo?  Is he anywhere to be found?  I don't see him.
  That's one thing that happened in the underworld.
  Talk of Randy Gerber.
  We've never talked about Randy Gerber, Cindy Crawford's husband before, who's George Clooney's  tequila partner.
  The picture of them riding motorcycles was used in the advertising so much, I can picture  it more clearly than some beautiful paintings.
  And of course, Nick Mundy cut off my story about like George Clooney inviting all his  buddies to his dining room and called them up.
  And there was a suitcase in front of each one of their chair, a briefcase in front of  each of the chair.
  And everyone opened it up and each briefcase had a million dollars.
  And he's like, now we're all rich.
  You know, now it's like, it's for you.
  It's for my friends.
  Like, wow.
  Hmm.
  That's great.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  I think it's a nice story.
  Let's call Mundy up and make sure he hears this.
  Let's like, hey, we were thinking and you need to finish the story.
  Why don't you give him a suitcase full of a million dollars?  Okay, cool.
  I'll get on that.
  A million dollars in Buffalo Wild Wings cash.
  Wow.
  The current, it converts differently.
  Sure.
  It's not expensive.
  Do we get it?  I mean, I have some more thoughts about just how Randy Gerber dresses, but I think we could  probably be done.
  Who knew Randy Gerber would factor so heavily into the Downtown Disney ordeal?  No one wanted it.
  Is he the final boss?  Oh, is he the final boss?  He's in the running.
  Could be.
  Is he the cousin?  Is he the level keeper?  I don't know.
  Randy Gerber.
  What if Randy Gerber was a special guest at the end of the Downtown Disney ordeal?  Jenny Kroever's husband and George Clooney's tequila partner.
  That was the big finale.
  Nick Weigr, not involved.
  Randy Gerber is our guest to talk about the parking garage.
  Oh, I guess I shouldn't even spoil that.
  I guess we cut that out.
  No, no, no, Randy Gerber.
  No Randy Gerber's allowed.
  Dammit.
  I think this is it.
  We survived.
  Okay.
  Podcast the ride, the downtown Disney seal, level five.
  Wait, the item.
  The item is appearing.
  It's appearing.
  There it is.
  Do you guys see it better than I see it?  Yeah, I do.
  I'm a little too tired to see it.
  It's Randy Gerber's Casa Amigo tequila shirt.
  It's gonna be used sort of as a shield  for when if we come upon attack.
  Oh, it's a protective item.
  Yeah, it's a thick shirt.
  And it's advertising his and.
  Thick gilded.
  It's beefy.
  It's a beefy tee.
  It's Randy Gerber's beefy tee.
  Randy Gerber's beefy tee with the Casa Amigos  tequila logo on it.
  And he wore it so it's got Gerber Musk.
  Oh, yes.
  And the best.
  And it's got some tequila stains.
  Yes, because he just, yeah, he was tipping them back.
  All right, a dirty shirt is our reward.
  And lots of great knowledge is your reward.
  Audience, thanks for checking it out.
  Hashtag DDDO, hashtag save the level keeper,  hashtag sector keeper, cricket wireless.
  Severance.
 Severance.
  And tweet that at Cricket Wireless and not at us.
  Follow us on Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook.
  And if you missed, for more Randy Gerber info,  go backwards into the underworld with us,  which occurred several days ago at podcast,  the Rock, or no.
  Level X stage one.
  That was level X stage one  in patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  Did I do it?  Can I go?  Yes.
  We can all go now.
  We're in done.
  Bye.
  Forever dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm,  Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify,  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram,  at foreverdogteam, and liking our page on Facebook.
