 Forever.
.
.
 .
.
.
Dark!  Darkness falls out on the street, Evil rears its head.
  Get your crazy shake to go, And your fried donut bread.
  The villains threaten this sacred place, This downtown shopping mall.
  We must defend the Lego store, And the Splitsville bowling balls.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, We must protect our AP discount meals.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, With secrets does the Earl of Sandwich conceal.
  Boys, boys, my cousin has been taken by evil forces that have inhabited Downtown Disney.
  In order to find them, he will need to thoroughly discuss every aspect of the mall.
  Stores, restaurants, both of the Starbucks.
  We have 18 daily, very necessary episodes and much to do so.
  I will be there to guide you and keep your conversations from getting too off topic or boring.
  The Downtown Disney ordeal, Why do we do this to ourselves?  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the Downtown Disney ordeal, level four, stage two.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always Jason Sheridan.
  Hello.
  And Scott Gardner.
  Increasingly deteriorating, Scott Gardner.
  Yeah, we're all on edge.
  Our mental states are declining.
  We're crammed together.
  It's faster than city walks.
  The dog senses it and he has gotten, I don't know other way to say it, nervously horny because of it.
  He's humping me because he feels such a nervous energy.
  So he's attacking me when I'm walking around here.
  We are losing our minds this much and it's so tense in here and he hates it.
  The dog that is.
  Anyway, we're going to do a good episode though today.
  Yes.
  And a bright light, hopefully who's brought us things.
  That's going to have to help the situation.
  I'd have to think.
  Yes.
  So we have a lot to talk about.
  Let's bring her in.
  You know, we're from Instagram, Twitter.
  You're an influencer.
  Travel and leisure.
  I'm a journalist.
  A journalist.
  An actual journalist.
  I'm a journalist who's very vain and loves to take photos places.
  I think, but I mean, we're all influencers, you know, in a way.
  That is true.
  So, but this is Carly Weisel.
  Hello.
  She's back.
  Oh, we are sleepy this morning.
  Me included, even though I only saw celebrities yesterday because it's LA, but we, we will  be up.
  We are, we are going to have good energy.
  Well, and I feel like a UCB coach.
  We're going to have good energy.
  I think we will because you brought us things, treats in relation to the first of the stores  we're discussing.
  We've already been to a Starbucks many stages ago, but now we are discussing Starbucks  West.
  Starbucks West.
  My personal favorite.
  Downtown Disney Starbucks.
  Cause there are so many, you can have a favorite.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Does it also trump the in-park?  I mean, are we allowed to discuss the in-park ones?  Oh, well that's a question and we don't, oh, you're right.
  Well, we need to check in with our guide through all of this, the sector keeper who I imagine  would be strict about the boundaries.
  He's told us very plainly that it goes from the sorcerer's hat where the hotel starts.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  Only through the, uh, the temporary galaxy's edge Honda that's sitting in the Esplanade.
  So we can't cross outside of those bounds.
  I want to respect him.
  And I also want to respect him by him officially giving us our mission for today.
  Boys, boys, today's stages, Starbucks West and Shugaboo and come.
  Okay.
  Great.
  All right.
  So confirmed from the horse's mouth, Starbucks West.
  Um, your favorite of the, your favorite of the two, I guess we'll keep it to the two  in respect to his wishes.
  How, what, uh, what, what is the difference to you?  Like why is one superior to the other?  To me, I'm shocked that you don't know that there's a difference.
  There is such a monumental difference between the big Starbucks and Starbucks West.
  We know that there is a difference in like, uh, production design, ceiling height, and  the other one Starbucks West is not made out of old box cars.
  Uh, it doesn't have the screen.
  The chalkboard.
  What the hell is this screen?  We had a lot of fun.
  I'll be honest with the chalkboard.
  We did.
  We planted a wild figure it out, but we had a lot of fun.
  Yeah.
  And there was some confusing thing where they were trying to send a postcard to the Disney  Springs one in Orlando and that wasn't really conveyed.
  No, thank you.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  These interactive things that don't work to trade.
  Yeah.
  Thousands.
  Um, so my personal favorite Starbucks.
  Um, so I like it because to me, Disneyland is not my home park.
  Disney world is even though I live in California and the vibe at downtown Disney West Starbucks,  downtown Disney West is that the full, the full legal name.
  Uh, it's more of a vacation vibe because it's so close to the hotel.
  So typically you get people who are there for conferences who are just exiting Disneyland  Hotel to get coffee in the morning.
  You have the parents who stayed at the hotel who are like, and they're way into the park  at like seven 30 in the morning.
  So to me, it's like this little wormhole to Disney world while still being on Disneyland  property.
  I 100% get that.
  Yeah.
  It's even designed to go in one door and get out the other.
  Like the flow is so good.
  It was a godsend on galaxy's edge opening day at five in the morning.
  That's the main mobile orders and pick them up and saved our lives.
  Saved our lives with no sleep at five 30.
  How, how good am I the way to get up that day?  Yeah.
  Now I'm interested.
  Did you stay at the hotel the night before?  Yes, we did.
  Okay.
  See, that's what it is because usually, I mean, the walking path could change everything,  but usually you get all the nobodies on the tram getting off the tram.
  They're not going to backtrack.
  They're going to go to the big Starbucks.
  Right.
  So this one's like a little secret.
  It's like a little, like a hidden little bar.
  Like, Oh, there's another one.
  Yeah.
  Huh?  Yeah.
  I feel like it's a better, a class of people that are more, they're better.
  Comfortable.
  Not better.
  I would say definitely more stressed out.
  Interesting.
  And that is my level.
  Like I want people who are like, if I don't get coffee, I will not make it through the  day.
  Interesting.
  So cause there's more people, there's more loafers at the other one.
  Cause I've loafed there.
  I made it on the other episode.
  I've loafed.
  I have my computer out, downtown Disney.
  Absolutely.
  I've hung out there with friends, you know, just getting coffees, just sitting for a little  bit, just taking a break from the parks.
  You don't take a break from the parks at Starbucks, downtown Disney West.
  It is in and out.
  You are right.
  It is one door in, one door out.
  You are getting your coffee.
  You need your high.
  You are out.
  But we went in the afternoon, Scott and I, when we were down there a few weeks ago and  it was, even though we mobile ordered, it was empty and it was relaxed.
  It was still like nice, but there's just a standing bar.
  There's a standing bar.
  So you can like take a breather for a second.
  Absolutely.
  You're not like lollygagging.
  Nope.
  It is nice.
  It's really, it's, I dare I say like the August cantina of Starbucks.
  There's nowhere to sit.
  Like you can only stand, you get your drink immediately.
  Like it's somewhere to sit.
  If you have a group of 10, absolutely bag.
  And then you have like seven children.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  A family big enough to fill that booth.
  The groups of two are all punished with standing with physical labor.
  Yes.
  Have you, do you stand, what's your move?  Is it standing in there or is it going elsewhere to drink?  Usually, I mean, I got stuff to do.
  Sure.
  We're on a gun.
  We're on a gun.
  That's the Disney World way.
  Oh yeah.
  You get your coffee, you are gone.
  But I, it was my, my savior during D23 Expo because I would wake up, I think I would leave  my hotel at 6 30 AM or something like that.
  I was staying in Disneyland hotel and I would go in and get my coffee and then go back to  my room to get ready.
  So it was like, that's what I did on Galaxy's Edge Day.
  Yes.
  I went and picked up the coffee.
  I went through security to get coffee, went back out of security to go back to the hotel,  which is a very funny move.
  That's an odd thing if for the on the go nature of it and for people at the hotel, you have  to go in and out of security.
  I have a lot of feelings about, listen, I like Disney being safe.
  I appreciate it.
  Yes.
  But I hate waiting in a line.
  So we'll catch 22.
  And they've kind of eliminated, there's not, so we're not in the security checkpoints,  the very exciting security checkpoints.
  Right.
  We can't discuss that yet.
  Okay.
  Oh, is that someone else's?  Well, but yes, it's just us.
  I'm just kidding.
  I'm just kidding.
  Am I getting in on their bag or no bag stuff?  That's where I was going to head is that I feel like it used to be a little easier to  kind of cut if you didn't have a bag.
  And now you're sort of stuck in behind the bag people.
  This is the last thing I'll say about security.
  But I looked forward to for an ungodly amount of time leaving my hotel room to go through  that security with no purse because I carry everything with me.
  I'm like a future Jewish mother.
  So for me to be able to have a hotel room and only go in with like my phone and my hotel  room key, I looked forward to it for so long.
  Just to be like, I don't have a bag and then go to Starbucks.
  It was a, it was a real highlight of expo.
  I'm free.
  I'm unencumbered.
  Yeah.
  They really should have like a no bag lot.
  Didn't they?  Or do I think of a different place?  They used to when they only checked bags before the metal detectors, you could cut if you  didn't have a bag.
  Isn't there, there's honestly that we should really talk about this in the end of their  episode, but should there be like a TSA pre-check at Disney?  I would pay so much money.
  Yeah.
  So much money.
  Scan my entire body.
  I don't care.
  Just let me in faster.
  Yeah.
  I can't wait.
  I can't wait for that Disney.
  I hear that.
  Would we even get, would we get approved us as childless men?  Good quote.
  I mean, I think if we pay the $175 we would.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Sure.
  So yeah, if it just comes down to finances.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So like, do they have to prove the TSA runs a background check?  Yeah.
  That's my theory about it.
  Yeah.
  It's just like, give them, give them money and please, you can, you can drink whatever  you want on the plane.
  They Google you.
  They Google.
  And if you are not in like a small town newspaper crime blotter, they're like, yeah, okay.
  So yeah, please Disney work on that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We're going to have to confess to the sector keeper that we did a little bit of pre-security  check.
  Wait, am I going to be in trouble with the sector keeper?  I don't.
  That's delightful and terrifying.
  He's a nice guy, but he likes his rules.
  He likes his rules, but he's mostly focused on Jeweling.
  Now he's gotten really into Jeweling.
  Now that it's like for local and it went, when it was gone, like you got to get your  hands on it.
  It just seems like he was hanging out with some bad actors who got him into some, uh,  some weird stuff.
  He seems a little depressed.
  Yeah.
  He's in adolescence.
  Oh no.
  He's getting a little rambunctious, little rambunctious, but directionless.
  I'm sorry sector keeper.
  It's all right.
  He's, he's, he's hanging in there.
  He'll forget in a second.
  We'll bring him back to Starbucks.
  We'll bring him back.
  It's good.
  Well, with that, we're bringing you back to Starbucks.
  This will, this will give me the opportunity to take a sip of what, uh, what you ordered  for me because I was like, what, uh, you asked us for Starbucks orders.
  Wonderful to bring a really appreciate it.
  Bringing us beverages.
  And I was like, well, my order is usually just boring black coffee, but yeah, yeah,  completely.
  So I was like, I need to do something.
  I need to do something elevated.
  I need to do, I just want to do exactly what Carly ordered.
  And before I get into that, even, I feel like I'd be remiss if I didn't ask you about, especially  via a friend and listener, uh, Dave's soldinger was like, what are you going to have Carly  on again?  You got to ask her about that cold foam, uh, specific conversation I had.
  So now that, that moment is now, uh, explain the cold foam.
  Oh guys, listen, it's been a real journey this year.
  That's mostly what I can say.
  Um, the top line of it is that I have accidentally become an influencer for a Starbucks product  that I make no money from.
  I have only been spending money and spending time.
  Now I, uh, I don't even, there's so many layers to it, but basically, oh my God, it did all  started downtown Disney West.
  I didn't even think about that.
  Was that this one?  It all began at the downtown Disney West Starbucks.
  Perfect.
  And, and you know what?  I'm coming from the grand Californian and I turned left and not right.
  So that tells you how much I love this Starbucks.
  Oh yeah.
  You got closer.
  That's a further walk.
  And the other one's more themes to where you were.
  It's an easier transition on the ice.
  Very busy.
  Gets overwhelming that I don't want to wait in the line with the tram people.
  I want to go to the hotel.
  That's true.
  That's the issue.
  Yeah.
  So I went there.
  Oh, I think it was something like 70 weeks ago.
  I just wrote a whole story about cold foam, which is why I happened to know that off the  top of my head.
  So it was 70 something weeks ago, I went there and they were promoting this new drink, which  was called a cold foam cappuccino.
  And my order everywhere I go has always been an iced latte with less milk.
  So kind of, but if you say iced cappuccino, a lot of doofs will pour a hot drink over  ice.
  And then you have someone once told me you can get very sick from like them pouring foamed  milk over ice and then you drinking it.
  Sounds like it.
  So I do this like milk, like I do this thing everywhere I go.
  Which gets so annoying to have to get those out loud.
  I already have a very difficult aura about me.
  Like I seem like a handful.
  And so it's a lot to roll in and be like, hi.
  So for this to be on the menu was fantastic.
  And then the cold foam itself was a product that never existed before.
  They invented a whole new line of milk.
  And what it is is the core cold foam is skim milk in a blender.
  That's it.
  That's it.
  It's skim milk, but more fun.
  Huh?  Give me textures.
  It's kind of like a meringue.
  It's sometimes if you get like a Pisco sour or whatever those are, like where it has like  a little egg white foam, it's like that, but just milk.
  It's just milk.
  There's no sugar in it.
  I can't have a lot of sugar because it'll put me to sleep.
  Like it's just milk.
  So it was the perfect drink for me.
  I was asking Lindsay about this before you got here and she said it's a little bit like  the butter beer foam.
  There's a similarity.
  Yes.
  But keep in mind there.
  It's just milk.
  There's no chemicals in it.
  It's truly milk in a proprietary blender.
  It's just aerated?  Yeah.
  It's just the air that makes the foam.
  It's not like a strong as fuck blender.
  Okay.
  Because I have tried it.
  So this whole thing has exploded in a way that no one anticipated.
  Where now like even Starbucks you see they're like, we got a pumpkin foam.
  Like they'll just keep shoving out new foams.
  Oh.
  So what is a pumpkin foam?  Pumpkin foam.
  So the pumpkin foam is the new cream foam, which is it's like more sugary and it's based  on cream.
  It's like pretty caloric.
  But it's part of like their new pumpkin cream cold brew line.
  It's just the seasonal.
  It's like a pumpkin-y foam.
  And what is cascassera?  Oh, cascara foam is it's not a word that any of us know and they act like we do.
  When I was ordering these drinks, they were like, would you like cascara topping?  And I'm like, that's not a word.
  Yeah.
  That's not some obscure variant.
  That's not like cousin or cinnamon.
  I still have no idea.
  Is it someone's last name?  I think it's like some like vanilla, et cetera.
  Extract?  Sure.
  Whatever.
  It's like when some places use dulce de leche to mean just caramel.
  Yes.
  When it's like, well, that's not really what it is.
  Yeah, just say caramel.
  It's fine.
  So that the cascara foam is it is cold foam with a cascara syrup that is topped with cascara  sprinkles, which tastes like sand.
  Not in my bag.
  But those are the big foams are like the ones that go on the cold brew, which are sweet  cream or salted cream.
  Those are more of a cream based cascara is this is so boring is not milk with a syrup  in a topping.
  Do you have any idea what we've been talking about for many, many episodes in a row?  This is on the higher end.
  All right.
  This is my life passion.
  You think we had a lot of passion about curl surf?  Honestly, the curls are more interesting.
  I mean, whoever thought you guys could riff for so long on those like the body goo massage  machines at City Walk?  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It works that that lit up the passion.
  And we have some exciting stuff coming.
  I imagine there's gonna be a lot of passion about bath bombs.
  A little bit down.
  Oh, yeah.
  Well, Jason and I both went to rinse and got something and we tried it.
  So we'll talk about that later.
  Coming soon.
  Yeah.
  So soon.
  Jason, you're barreling through those donuts.
  I am.
  So Carly brought us all drinks and we'll go through and get everyone's order.
  But I wanted to bring a little taste of Philadelphia today's reporting.
  So we've got tasty cake, frosted mini donuts, football edition, tailgate tested, fan approved.
  It's football edition because there are pictures of footballs and goal posts on the bag.
  Why are they Philadelphia?  Oh, tasty cakes are from Philadelphia.
  Oh, is that like a hometown?  Is that like a Lou Malnati's?  It's like a regional version of like hostess.
  Do they literally make tasty cake in Philadelphia?  I believe there is still a bakery or two in Philadelphia.
  Oh.
  Pass that along.
  Oh, thank you.
  Take my mini donut.
  And on a previous episode, I was talking about my love of donuts and like you can almost  get it.
  I get a buzz.
  I get a high.
  If I can balance the right amount of like donut sugar and coffee caffeine.
  Oh, yeah.
  It's like I'm buzzing.
  That's how I feel at like a wedding that's going too long.
  And I'm like, do I take an Adderall?  What are we going to do here?  How did you bring us?  I don't know.
  All two.
  I mean, I am prescribed it.
  I'm not familiar with that word.
  Is that something that gets you high?  I only know of donuts and cupcakes.
  I am prescribed the lowest dose and I never take it because I'm scared of medicine.
  But a lot of people like to abuse it because it just it if you if you don't need it, then  it makes you a real loopy.
  All right.
  And if you need it, then you're like, oh, this is what breathing for a normal person  feels like.
  Hmm.
  Is it similar to Ritalin?  I have no idea.
  I feel like it took over the popular consciousness where like Ritalin was Adderall is now.
  Ritalin was never like a fun drug to do.
  I feel like people do Adderall for fun.
  Adderall has like a cool like we're going to study and then rage.
  Like that's a trend.
  Yeah.
  Ritalin.
  I feel like I knew people in college who would sell their Ritalin to door mates.
  Oh, we do Ritalin?  We have people who sell Adderall.
  Maybe it's like a generational thing.
  Maybe.
  We'll ask the sector.
  He'd know.
  I think I would like Adderall, but that's another podcast.
  That's a whole thing.
  I do not.
  I do not abuse drugs.
  I do not.
  No, I don't do anything fun except for literally drink coffee.
  We all abuse frosting.
  Let's all just admit to it.
  And the foam and the foam I like the best is the numbing foam in that drink at Oogis  Cantina.
  You guys are like baiting me to give my true thoughts about the Cantina.
  You say good thoughts.
  It gave me a little bit of a headache, that drink.
  It didn't burn.
  It didn't do anything for me.
  Well, here's the problem.
  And this is again, sector keeper is going to be mad.
  I'm so sorry, buddy.
  But the foam itself is different strengths on different days.
  It's not consistent because I've had.
  It is just like the cold foam then.
  Yeah.
  So maybe they're different bartenders at Oogis Cantina.
  So what I'm talking about, there's a foam in the fuzzy tauntaun that's supposed to numb  your mouth.
  And some people have speculated it's like wasabi.
  It is a buzz button foam, which is a like a sister of the Szechuan peppercorn.
  OK.
  Right.
  Interesting.
  I have a job.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You know real things.
  Chinese cuisine, using Chinese cooking.
  Szechuan peppercorn can be.
  It's very big and oh, oh yeah, like Szechuanese food.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  But they don't.
  I've had strong where it hits my lips and it goes numb immediately.
  And I've had ones where it doesn't.
  And that also like is out of me is having this drink about five times.
  So that's exactly what the cold foam conundrum is, because the reason this whole thing exploded  and became a thing is that they never make it the same.
  And Starbucks is whole brand is supposed to be like ubiquitous and everything is exactly  the same wherever you go.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Sure.
  So there is this one drink at Starbucks that they were promoting so hard that nobody knew  how to make.
  And they still don't know how to make it.
  Well, because what you brought us today, you were not satisfied.
  I won't blame the store.
  I won't say the name of the store.
  I don't even know where you went.
  But everywhere but the Disney locations doesn't know how to make it.
  Oh, oh.
  Yeah.
  Well, then let me try.
  I guess we'll consider this a bad version.
  This is a this is a bad time.
  So we'll start off.
  The first reason this is bad is because they didn't give you the sippy lid.
  You need the sippy lid to enjoy the full foam.
  Oh, oh, because you get it.
  You get an all foam sit right at the top.
  Yeah.
  Taking your lid off, Carly.
  Oh, I don't fuck around.
  You get the hit.
  Maybe I.
  OK, OK.
  So will you will you say what this order is?  So OK.
  So to give some context, they ended up getting rid of the ice cold foam cappuccino about  a month ago.
  So we when I say we I mean like me and all of my Internet friends who now have a private  Facebook group.
  We talk about foam all day.
  It's a lot.
  If you guys want to join it, the links in my Instagram profile.
  It's a it's a gas.
  I honestly it's my favorite thing.
  I'm very blessed.
  It has made my life so much better.
  But it's all fun.
  There's no weird factions forming.
  We're all just like sharing phones being like, you did it.
  Or if someone gets a bad one being like, oh, no email customer service.
  This sucks.
  I believe in you.
  Get them next time.
  I get it.
  It's it's really it is the coziest comfort comforting corner of the Internet.
  I love it so much.
  I love you guys.
  It's great.
  Keep it foam focused.
  Just don't let people talk about, let's say, Star Wars.
  Then they start to lose their mind.
  That's just the rule of society.
  It's like part Disney, part cold foam, part makeup recommendations.
  So it's basically like all three quadrants of my brain.
  Great.
  Wow.
  But so we have been trying to crowdsource a new order because the ice cold from Cappuccino  is gone and it has not been going well.
  What I have been trying is iced espresso.
  We order a an ice espresso in a venti with the rest cold foam, which I've gotten mixed  results.
  This is my first time trying to do that with mobile order.
  It did not go well.
  So this is this is like a mid experiment.
  This is not road tested, but you're on your way to something.
  Oh, yeah, we're getting there.
  We're getting there because the thing is you have to either get iced espresso and then  grow from there or an ice latte and then shrink from there.
  OK, interesting.
  So you're trying to almost figure out what is a foolproof way to order it.
  Yes.
  So you're trying to make it will be essentially idiot proof making it.
  Yes.
  So that's the kind of the experiment.
  Not to not to infer that anybody who works there is an idiot.
  No, I just that was the best way.
  They ever hire an idiot.
  If there's ever been an idiot that worked at a Starbucks, I can't even believe it.
  But I don't want to deem someone a genius for properly whipping milk in a blender that  you press a button and walk away on.
  Like it's a testy position.
  But I mean, I've had managers chime in and be like, what you have to do is ask for foam  on four or ask for very dense foam to get the right consistency of cold foam on because  yours, Scott's melted already.
  It's pretty thin.
  Yeah.
  Let me grab a sip while I can.
  Foam on four is probably like the setting of the blender.
  Yeah, right.
  Yes.
  So and a lot of that stuff you can't say in mobile order.
  You can't be like, can you like an internal blending term?  Right.
  So yes, we ordered a I ordered a tall double shot on ice, light ice in a venti cups that  you have extra room for cold foam, blonde espresso, add cold foam.
  And I just got one espresso shot.
  Now I like it.
  It's delicious to me, but I don't know.
  I don't know any better.
  I'm no as I said, I'm like black coffee.
  If I rolled in here with some real cold foam, it would blow your mind.
  I ordered your old default a few weeks ago.
  Oh yeah.
  Ice cappuccino with cold foam.
  And I think my issue was I should have still added a little half and a half because the  cold foam, the cold foam sits on top and with the sippy cup lid properly applied, I was  just getting a hit of foam and then really strong cappuccino.
  And I need a little cream.
  I need some cream.
  Yes.
  It's and that's the other problem is that sometimes you'd get espresso and then foam.
  And sometimes you get a full latte with like a little foam.
  Have you looked into getting?  I'm so sorry to everyone who thought they were going to like have some cool Disney.
  No, no, no, no.
  They know what we're doing here.
  We've been making an apology in every episode.
  So you're Jason and I were talking about moisturizing our face behind our beards for a few minutes.
  Oh, that is not for me.
  Yeah.
  So have you looked into getting a blender that's that strong that could do it?  I have.
  I have.
  So at this point, Starbucks and I have DM'd.
  We have been chatting.
  Nice.
  And again, like keep in mind in no point where they like here's $5 for the good work you've  done.
  And I was just like, you can get any kind of foam.
  And I wrote back and was like, actually, the ice cold from cappuccino is discontinued.
  Can you fact check these three things?  And they were like, oh, you're right.
  Geez.
  So like, you know, what better?  You know, the product better than they do in so deep.
  I'm like, I have had to fact check so many things directly with them because we're all  just so confused.
  Wow.
  But you know what?  That Starbucks is one of the ones that does it right.
  Wow.
  OK.
  Are there any non Disney ones that you've had success or is it like, do you think the  level the the customer service is better at the quality standards?  I always recommend a high yield Starbucks because they usually have people who know what's up.
  Not like we're not like the Starbucks in the Vons that that's going to be trouble with  this kind of thing.
  No, no, no, no.
  Union Station Starbucks, maybe unions.
  Is that downtown?  Like downtown by the train station.
  Oh, I've never been there.
  Oh, OK.
  I'm just saying like that's a high traffic area.
  But you don't want one that's too busy because then it's going to be.
  Airport's not going to be good.
  Oh, no, no, no, I always every time every time I go to the airport where there's a Starbucks  because we fly American, so there's not always one.
  My husband's like, don't do this.
  And I'm like, but I need to know.
  And he's like, just don't just don't do it because you're going to get it and you're  going to be pissed.
  And it's all you're going to be talking about.
  Wow.
  And he gets the fallout.
  He gets the radio, the Chernobyl radiation fallout.
  Why?  Why?  Just find a new drink.
  And I can't.
  I'm too in love with it.
  Is there an app you could start that could like mark ratings of how the foam is on each  Starbucks?  That is heavy lift, but I like that idea.
  Yeah.
  It's mostly if you go and you say if you're very nice about it, I always recommend I made  a whole grid online to be like, here's tips of how to get the right order.
  And it's just like, be nice.
  Just like be very Midwestern.
  Be like, I am so sorry.
  This is what I'm ordering.
  I'm so sorry.
  Also, can the foam be extra dense?  I'm so sorry.
  Also, can it be extra foam?  I'm sorry.
  I love you.
  You have found a new like I feel like the mobile ordering in the app was so to accommodate  people's crazy drink or like kooky drink orders.
  They couldn't hold my crazy.
  And now we have figured out like, oh, they got to iterate.
  They got to they got stuff for the new app.
  They need a note section.
  Yes, because this is my thing with mobile ordering on the Disney app is you can't make  you can't order a la carte.
  Yes.
  You can't because like those corn dogs are like $2 less if you don't get the chips or  the dry apple slices.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  And I guess people aren't might not be the most eloquent, like typing out instructions  on their phone or it might be hard to like if someone's trying to go do five orders at  once or like what is this?  You know, like one out of every 10 would be like, was Walt Disney a Nazi?  Like it would just be sure writing things in that are just bananas.
  I mobile ordered a Taco Bell a while ago and I had four items and I changed everything  as much as I possibly could.
  And when they pulled up my order on the screen, I heard the person laugh.
  I heard them go like, like, and they're like, OK, well, pull up.
  Taco Bell almost encourages it.
  Taco Bell is the best mobile app.
  That's the best mobile ordering app.
  You can do anything.
  You can use any ingredient and put it on anything.
  Really?  It's unbelievable.
  I can't know this because I have a nacho cheese problem.
  And so I can't even go.
  Well, I sympathize with that.
  But I would encourage you to try it because it is the most you feel like you're a chef.
  You're a Taco Bell chef and you can try different sauces from different things on other items  and make it all with beans.
  You can do anything you want.
  You're a little Remy in the hair of the chef operating a body to make what you want.
  And the chef's just like, dude, come on.
  Yes, for sure.
  What's Remy's chef's name?  What's the guy's name?  Mark?  Don't know.
  It's not Mark.
  It's not Mark.
  I know.
  We keep calling him La Poo.
  I don't care about the movies.
  We care about the movies.
  We care about the stores next to the parks that sometimes have images from the movies  in them.
  We want to be exceptional podcasters.
  Just like Brad Bird tells us in all his movies, we have to be the best.
  Listen, I'm going to be like fired.
  Oh, yeah.
  Pull it up.
  I don't know this.
  So real quick.
  It's like a ring.
  I'd say his name is like Chauncey or something.
  It's like kind of a sad name.
  No, it's like, no.
  Chauncey is a sad name.
  I think it is.
  Like a Chauncey garden.
  Chaunceys are listening.
  You've offended all of our Chaunceys.
  Linguini!  That's more fun than that.
  And everyone listening to this is probably screaming Linguini.
  This is some old ass episode of Blues Clues, but I promise I know these things.
  I promise.
  I'm just not good on this.
  If he were in the parks, well, he's in Paris and will be in Epcot, but if he were in California,  I would know his name.
  Yeah, that's true.
  So real quick, going through the rest of the drinks.
  I went very wild with one of my defaults.
  Grande iced coffee with soy milk.
  I'm going crazy.
  Which, I mean, from a guy known for like getting a sundae in crunch time, I'm shocked that  you have such a plain coffee order.
  You know, I don't like a lot of sugar in my drinks.
  You have to save it for every meal.
  I have to save it for my treats.
  So coffee, iced coffee with half and half, iced coffee with soy milk.
  I like all the milks and I like to switch it up.
  And I thought like, hey, I'm going to add soy milk in a little while.
  I feel like the sun burns brighter when you say the word treats.
  Oh, that's so sweet.
  It went up.
  Treats.
  We all say treats.
  You say treats.
  Treats.
  Treats.
  You turn into a cartoon chipmunk.
  What I like to do, I get the crate when I get a free, when I get enough stars for a free  drink or I get my free birthday drink, then I go crazy.
  Oh, so what's your crazy free order?  I think it's like the biggest possible vanilla latte they'll give you with.
  I think you can get away with a quad with an extra shot.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  On the free ones.
  Cool.
  Yeah.
  Oh, so you must be up when you get that.
  Pretty up.
  Yeah.
  That kind of balances out because I feel like it's not as much as caffeine.
  And then the sugar that that's the buzz.
  The sugar brings it to the buzz.
  Yeah.
  And I was going to say cold, cold and cold brew makes me vibrate.
  Oh yeah.
  Cold brew makes my heart hurt.
  Yeah.
  Wait, I didn't get you there, right?  No, no.
  Just regular ice coffee.
  If regular ice coffee or cold brew, I will just default to regular ice coffee.
  Some places they would just have the cold brew now.
  So I'd like to, I need to add like a lot of ice and a lot of cream.
  I don't need a colon cleanse.
  Like I'm fine.
  Just give me espresso.
  I mean, it's hard though when Duncan does like the happy hour.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  That's like a known thing.
  Nobody's agreeing with that.
  Like it's known that like if you have cold brew, you're just going to poop a lot.
  Yeah.
  Like cold coffee, like just black coffee.
  No, but cold brew is like.
  It just rolls through me.
  Yeah, cold brew can be really intense.
  That's what I'm, I think I said in a recent episode, I'm like afraid of cold brew.
  I've never tried it.
  You should be.
  Yeah, okay.
  Terrifying.
  We recorded it in the afternoon recently and I went to Dunkin Donuts and I was going to  order an iced coffee and they're like, oh, $2 cold brews right now.
  And I'm like, oh, okay.
  And I felt okay.
  Cause I had, I think cause I had a lot of food in my stomach, but I was still like vibrating.
  Oh yeah.
  Fuck you up.
  Like every year you kind of sick from food.
  It's like 165 out of.
  It's only when I am doing, it's only when I like, this is a bad idea, but I'm going  to do it anyway.
  It's usually caffeine is like a caffeine imbalance.
  I think you have more like I'm full sick.
  Yeah.
  I think more I'm full.
  You go like, oh, I'm full, which is like a thing, a cartoon character says.
  Yeah.
  Cause like I go, I go on full, but like you, like, I see the change happen when you're  full.
  Yeah.
  He's got to put on maternity clothes for a couple hours and then change back to regular  car.
  Like back me up here.
  Sometimes you eat it too much and you get a tummy ache.
  Are you also a Jew?  No, I'm not.
  Oh, see that's a big Jew thing.
  Oh, is that like, you know, I'm an Irish, so just afraid the potatoes are going to run  out.
  There's like some old John Mulaney joke about it where it's like Jewish girls are just always  like my tummy hurts and it's very true.
  I also, uh, I've always since I was a young child to the other thing is like, I can use  the powers of my mind to give myself a stomach ache.
  Oh, it's like stress born.
  Uh, sometimes, sometimes my mom, like probably as a joke, cause a child was like, you worry  so much.
  You're going to give yourself an ulcer.
  And I've just been waiting for like a couple of decades now.
  Like I'm waiting for the, the ulcers are coming.
  One of these days I will worry myself to an ulcer.
  I will be like Roger Sterling drinking a big glass of milk, pouring vodka and ice.
  Um, fantastic.
  Yeah.
  Let's talk about, let's talk about another weird thing.
  Mike's, uh, let me explain what I usually do.
  I honestly, I think I should have gotten a, I got a couple, I think it was like six scoops  of cane sugar, which is their recommend.
  I should have done four.
  Um, so I have a green tea and it is full of ice and strawberries.
  Uh, and it's beautiful.
  Six pumps of liquid sugar, which is what I meant.
  You sent a screen grab of the last thing I ordered.
  And then I was sort of thinking like, I kind of like four, usually better.
  Here's the reason I have, uh, first of all, I started putting, wait, did two Carly, you  sent like, here's what it's gotta be.
  Well Jason, Jason sent me so much at it.
  I just sent the screen.
  Yeah.
  I thought it, no, I thought it was great.
  It was, it's like the encapsulation of your taste.
  I don't really drink coffee and maybe I started not drinking coffee when I had like a mitral  valve prolapse in my heart when I was 13 years old.
  Guys, you're all, you're all so sick.
  No, no, not sick.
  But my heart was racing while playing basketball and the doctor was like, that's kind of a  normal thing.
  Uh, you know, you probably like kind of stay away from caffeine or whatever.
  So my mom of course was worried that I was going to die.
  So it was like no chocolate ever.
  So like for years, anything, I mean, there's the minor amount of caffeine, anything that  remotely maybe was in the room with caffeine.
  She was like, you can't have it.
  Your moms are both worrying you into the grave.
  Oh my God.
  Uh, yes, that's true.
  Uh, so, uh, so anyway, so for years I wasn't really having any chocolate or whatever.
  And then, you know, as you grow into adulthood is when you start doing coffee and I didn't  really do coffee, but after a while, you know, I slowly was eating a little chocolate, doing  this, having a little tea, putting green tea back.
  And so I'm still not having coffee, not, not really because of the heart thing.
  Um, but I've just sort of stuck on green tea.
  I never developed a taste.
  I'm willing to try.
  I'm willing to get into it.
  So I kind of regret not getting the foam now, but in general, it was a bad foam.
  It was a bad foam though.
  So I guess I didn't miss so much.
  But also like when I showed up to your place, you did a little like anxiety dance of like,  oh no, I got the tallest drink.
  Like you felt bad about it.
  I did feel a little bad about it.
  Cause I, cause so basically I realized that I like drinks more for not for even the caffeine.
  It's really just for having a bottle, a baby's bottle.
  Yeah.
  It's like a what boy boy, a visco girl.
  Like the like what cool teens are now.
  And one of the things that you carry a hydro flask, which is just like a fuck ton of water.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  But I think, and I, I mean, I think this is not uncommon to most people that there is something  it's instead of smoking, for instance, having a big drink and something to do is a little  way to calm yourself down.
  So if, so if I go in and get a drink, I like to get a big one and then I like ice and strawberries  because there's something to chew on once the drink is done.
  I love those weird special K berries.
  Yeah.
  Oh, wait.
  Are you talking about these or?  Yeah.
  Well, those are like the two places that sell freeze dried strawberries.
  Oh, like the cereal.
  Yes.
  It's like special K or those.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  No, I, they're good.
  So I drink this over the course of whatever, uh, you know, an hour, hopefully probably  30 minutes.
  And then I chew all of the ice and I eat the strawberries.
  So it lasts long, a long time.
  And then I search for something to do when it's over.
  So your pursuit of a drip, a drink is meant to calm you down mission, not.
  No, it's a perpetual, it's a perpetual looking for something to do or drink.
  I honestly wasn't expecting like your full life story from your Starbucks order.
  And I love that it went that way.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I I'm trying to self-analyze.
  Maybe there's other stuff there.
  You are directing your compulsions.
  Yeah.
  To something.
  Yes.
  Like when I leave the house, I like to have like a sparkling water or a kombucha.
  I always like some, there's something nice about having it in your hand.
  I think you have a purse.
  Like you're not carrying anything.
  Usually not.
  Yeah.
  Maybe a backpack.
  But see, I have like everything in my back.
  Yes.
  And you like have this something about you.
  Do you feel like armed for the day?  I mean, no matter what happens, like I got medicine, I got earplugs, I got head, like  I have everything with me.
  So a concert's too loud.
  I'm good.
  I have a headache.
  I have medicine.
  Like I, if my stomach hurts, I have Pepto-Bismol.
  Like I have everything with me.
  I have all these things.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I do that.
  Yeah.
  I do that.
  It's great.
  I like pens, a couple notebooks, etc.
 Pepto-Bismol.
  Yes.
  A tent.
  A battery, a sweater.
  Yeah.
  See, we're in the same fucking wavelength.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  You need something to do.
  You got everything.
  Yeah.
  So I understand.
  Like if you leave the house all willy nilly with nothing.
  Yeah.
  Sometimes I feel a little, yeah.
  I don't know.
  It's just, I think it's a, it's a baby's bottle essentially is what it is.
  No, but it's like you have something, like you have something to hold.
  Yeah.
  So that is.
  And you're hydrated.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  For some, yeah.
  I mean, sometimes it just drives me out a little bit, but yeah.
  So that's the, that's the rationale behind it.
  I'm willing to get into foam.
  I'm pro foam.
  I've.
  You can get it on a tea.
  I can get it.
  That's weird though.
  Yeah.
  I don't recommend it, but people in the group who don't drink coffee have said it's okay.
  There's times at Starbucks where people say like, do you want that with whipped cream?  Meaning iced tea.
  No, I don't.
  No, I do not want that.
  That seems weird.
  That's very strange.
  No.
  Yeah.
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  They, they, they have the different sugars in here and like I've tried, I like Stevia.
  I've talked on the show about Stevia before.
  I like Stevia.
  I see.
  I don't like any of the artificial sweet ones.
  I like a diet Coke or Coke Zero.
  Too much Stevia.
  No.
  Yeah.
  For sure.
  Like I, it's, it's, but there's a, there's the other ones I don't like, whatever they,  I forget the names of them, but Stevia is okay, but I can't have too much.
  Splenda.
  Yellow.
  I don't love.
  Yellow, pink, blue.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's yellow, pink, blue.
  I'm trying.
  I was doing diet Coke for a little while.
  I got to stop doing it.
  Okay.
  But I was forced to watch some Bill Gates documentary thing on Netflix yesterday and  that dude is chugging diet Coke.
  Well so is our president.
  Oh, you know what?  Point counterpoint.
  I'll take it.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  He's getting, he's getting a lot done.
  I was like, should I be drinking diet Coke?  He's great.
  He's doing, our president's doing fine.
  He's in great health.
  He is somehow still alive.
  I mean, you'd think.
  That is true.
  There's a Keith Richards thing with him.
  Yeah.
  But it's not just like everything's precarious, a hundred diseases are all fighting each other.
  Yeah.
  Perfect stasis.
  I guess that's a Mr.
 Burns.
  Yeah.
  The three Stooges syndrome.
  Everyone tried to get through the door at once.
  Yeah.
  Perfectly balanced.
  I don't think, yeah.
  I don't think that diet Coke is going to kill me or anything.
  I think it's just, it's better for me not to probably just overall.
  I think so.
  So anyway.
  Now, Carly, can you settle Mike and I were discussing the first Star Mugs.
  Oh, whoa.
  Lindsay.
  We got to pay this off.
  I was talking to Lindsay and she asked, like, yeah, totally.
  I know she has to support me.
  That's part of it.
  But like, she was like.
  Waivering allegiance.
  She will tell me if she disagrees with me.
  She totally knew what I was saying.
  So wait, we're settled.
  You were against me.
  Is that right?  Well, no, I wasn't against.
  You met me in the middle, as I recall.
  I met you in the middle.
  I am against this being an issue worth discussing in the least.
  So I don't appreciate the apps like Duncan and Starbucks who make you completely load  10 more dollars on the card as opposed to just being able to load what you're paying.
  I think it's sort of a psychological trick to make you go, well, I have eight dollars  on the app.
  I'll go back to Starbucks as opposed to maybe some other place you would go.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  And so what is what side is everyone on?  Well, I was saying, I think I kind of get why they do that.
  If you do it in person, I think they'll let you load like five bucks.
  But I think the app should prompt you to if you're like a buck 50 short or two bucks short,  say, do you want to load this?  You agree with me, though.
  You want customizable amounts, not like full.
  It's 10 or 25.
  So I think I can settle this.
  Yes.
  I believe that if you have under $10, you can cash out.
  I believe because I was at Starbucks because this is my fucking life now is like taste.
  So trying to figure out how to get foam and like like a real investigative journalist  about foam.
  So a Starbucks I recently went to had a sign that said we can no longer cash out under  $10 here, but we'll mail you a check.
  So Starbucks will mail you a fucking check for like 70 cents.
  So Starbucks is like a bank.
  Yes.
  So there is a way to get reimbursed, but there is a way to make putting money on your Starbucks  card work for you, which is if you park it downtown Disney and you load 20 bucks on your  Starbucks card, you can get your parking verified.
  Yes.
  I saw you put that.
  I like this.
  Validated.
  That's what I meant.
  You get a check mark?  Listen, I haven't slept in about six weeks.
  That is a great tip.
  A great tip for sure.
  So that in that sense, I'm like, take my money.
  Yes.
  That makes a lot of sense to do that because obviously you're going to use that.
  I'm just saying that I do find it a bit manipulative in these apps.
  One thing to remember is it's a business that's trying to get your money.
  They're manipulating me.
  I am keeping that in mind and they're being bad.
  They're being mean to me.
  Five dollars at a time.
  I mean, you're going to use it eventually.
  Yes, that's what I'm saying.
  But I understand that.
  Which is a very God like mentality for them to have to be like, you come back.
  Yes.
  But they're like leaving a thing at your apartment on a date, essentially.
  You have to come back.
  You know, like.
  The old Carlson trick.
  It's a trick.
  Oh yeah.
  All the dates I've been on.
  So I don't care.
  I don't care for the practice is what I'm saying.
  And I think a president should make it illegal.
  But you could fucking pay two dollars in cash if you want to sing.
  I like to mobile or I like to mobile order.
  Yeah.
  And I wish you could just load what you're going to spend.
  That's all.
  No, I get that.
  That's all I'm saying.
  I'll take it up.
  I'll email them.
  Next time you're talking to Starbucks, I customizable.
  I've been emailing PR in unacceptable amount.
  Yeah.
  Just make sure you confirm.
  PR people blast journalists with press releases.
  I can turn about as fair play.
  Yes.
  And unfortunately, Starbucks only sent me one ever.
  And I went back and was like, hi, it's very nice to hear from you.
  Here's every question I've ever had.
  Well next time throw in this one.
  Yeah, I'll bring it up.
  Sure.
  I'm just interested.
  I'm interested.
  So they do this with electric car charging too.
  But I guess that one there are different brands of electric car charging too as well.
  So that's a whole thing.
  That's another.
  That's another episode.
  So Starbucks West, we love it.
  We love to see it closed briefly when they were going to bulldoze that building and then  it reopened dark six or so months.
  I got to tell you.
  Very strange.
  Six months.
  Very strange.
  That whole area closed June 2018 and then reopened December 2018.
  I looked it up last night.
  I'm not just like some genius and you have it in your head.
  We have like notes in front of you have the dates and you know it was 70 weeks.
  All I did last night was be like, wait, when did it close?  Because this is so it's because it's part of the complex that includes the AMC theaters.
  Yeah, there's a weird energy there now.
  Oh yeah.
  It's a weird little ghetto.
  It's like a bit of like a failing mall.
  Not that it's at all failing.
  It's just like that vibe where you're like, oh, there's a lot of stuff here that's closed.
  What does that mean for the future of this space?  Well, you know what it feels like is Tomorrowland.
  Giant spaces not unused.
  It does feel like the kid who leaves the hometown and on the way out, it's like, all right,  you know, buddies, I'm going to go to New York City and be a star and then immediately  burns out in six months and comes back.
  Can I make sandwiches again?  I'm sorry.
  So bummed that that hotel didn't go because it was so they felt like the monorail was  going to have like a beautiful home again.
  It would be like a cool contemporary resort vibe.
  It would have brought like so much new to that area.
  You know, I think it would have been a little cramped.
  Oh, I'm always on the team of new.
  And so I would have just loved to see like another hotel.
  There would have been like there would have been a top floor bar.
  Oh, it's so cool.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Somewhere a new place to watch the fire.
  Like a what's the California Grill?  Yeah.
  Contemporary would have been that kind of vibe.
  Does that imply that you are you are not a fan of that of the downtown Disney monorail  station?  I am upset that they have been closing it like there's tighter hours now.
  Oh, yes.
  Also, I find it to be much less efficient than the monorail at Disney World.
  I think they load it really inefficiently.
  It's really so you like you think it'll be faster.
  And sometimes it is because you skip some security line and gets you into the heart  of the park.
  It's you want to go straight to Space Mountain.
  So the problem is that they when you're boarding a monorail at Walt Disney World, they have  different aisles, like sections.
  So you can like walk to like section one, two, three, four, five, six or whatever.
  And it lines up with the doors so that people get out one side and then you go in for that  specific car of the monorail.
  And this way they load it like a regular queue.
  So they have you all line up and then they feed people around and then you just desperately  try to find a seat.
  OK, right.
  So it's a little it's a little more scattered.
  It's a little it's it's a mess.
  It's harder to get out.
  It's a little messy.
  Yeah.
  It still uses windows.
  There's no air conditioning.
  Yeah.
  In those cars.
  That's right.
  Yeah, just a crack.
  It's never bothered me.
  I don't know.
  I mean, our temperate weather besides the heart of the summer, it's pretty mild out here.
  So do we do we have more on Starbucks or do we keep moving on to move on to next door  to the other mountain?  What's our time, Sitch?  Oh, we're good.
  Forty five minutes or so.
  Yeah, should be plenty.
  That might be enough.
  To cover sugar, boo, boo and go.
  I don't think we'll ever have enough time to talk about what the fuck is going on at  Sugar Boo.
  Yeah, that's right.
  We're on the same page here.
  What's going on here?  Maybe I should let them speak before we get in.
  Scott, go back to life now that the gift card arguments have ceased to sugar, boo sugar.
  You know, let me let me describe it how they describe it.
  Sugar Boo and Co is a family owned boutique featuring uplifting art prints and charming  home goods to whimsical paper products, handmade ceramics, candles, bath apothecary and stamped  jewelry.
  Stamp jewelry.
  A what?  How would we describe it?  It's like a bunch of burlap with words on it.
  Gentrification commodified.
  That's what I would call it, this store keeps telling me that Elizabeth Warren has plans.
  I know she has plans.
  I like her.
  I know she has plans.
  Okay, stop telling me.
  Stop saying plans.
  It is like it's almost like a millennial version of bless this mess.
  Like that's the whole vibe of it, right?  Like that's it's folksy like shit you buy in the cracker barrel.
  It's elevated.
  It's like kind of this weird midway point between Chip and Joanna Gaines and like Catholicism.
  I don't know what it is.
  There's a vague religious.
  It's like we have burlap sacks and also dream big.
  Like it's a lot of like what is what is happening here?  I've honestly never I you know, I'm a young woman.
  It's kind of they're trying to make me you're the demo.
  You're the audience.
  I've never walked in there and been like, oh, this is not for me more.
  I've never been in a store more like a luxury store.
  Not even like I walked in and was like, there is nothing in here I could feasibly put in  my home.
  I'm not sure I've met a person who this is.
  I think it's for it's not for the New York, L.
A.
 person.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I think it's for people who want their like who have like farmhouse inspired homes who  want like very like positive uplifting things in their home.
  Right.
  Sure.
  So it's like a little touch of like if I could get, you know, like like I'm not an artist,  but if I could get some inspiring words from an artist or a poet or an author and let that  and inject that into my day to day.
  You've ever said the phrase breakfast nook, you would.
  Sure.
  Yeah, I have a bachelor's degree, but I didn't do most of the reading and it's all well behind  me.
  But I still I still think of myself as educated.
  Now I will say I think they do a very good job.
  Like they have cultivated such a tight brand.
  Yes.
  Because everything in there, you're like, this is all so cohesive.
  Very much.
  They have done a great job.
  Yeah, it's all it's all on point.
  But holy shit, what is happening?  What is going on?  I cannot.
  I do not know.
  I feel like it falls into one of two categories, and that is platitudes, imagined platitudes  and then quotes or song lyrics removed from any context or meaning.
  So this first one, first category, my whole heart for my whole life.
  And I do not understand that.
  I don't know.
  On a tile, it's on ceramics.
  And then the the second category, daydream believer.
  So that's it.
  We got to talk about this.
  Yeah, because what what are the rights implications about this entire store?  Exactly.
  What I looked into it last night.
  This is what I did on my cool Saturday night.
  I was like, are like, are these things are available?  Are they public domain?  Are they paying artists?  What is happening here?  And a lot I felt like they quote Maya Angelou Angelou Angelou Angelou Angelou Angelou Angelou  is not public domain.
  No.
  Right.
  So are they are they operating like in secrecy?  Or is this like is it literally like a store that brings those Disney construction walls  to life?  Like what is happening?  Because one lawsuit bring them down.
  You would think so.
  Like Daydream Believer, as I know it is a monkey song.
  This one doesn't say anything about the monkey.
  Some of them do.
  Some of them say the artist.
  Yes.
  Oh, yeah.
  Were you that the thing with the guitar?  Are we going to get to that?  I imagine you noticed that.
  I think.
  Well, I hope not.
  Maybe I didn't.
  Maybe I didn't see it.
  But like, I wonder if Daydream Believer is something that is found in other media or  other writing.
  And you can throw Daydream Believer without attributing it to anyone.
  They must have such a good lawyer.
  Yeah, because then there's like there's John Lennon like song lyrics, there's Beatles song  lyrics and it does say John Lennon.
  So I wonder if there's some loophole for inspirational saying pieces of burlap that you could hang.
  If you attribute it, can you sell like what?  I couldn't figure out if anybody's a lawyer.
  Please let us know.
  Well, like quotes in newspapers or magazines, they reference quotes.
  They don't have to pay rights for that.
  I mean, that's different because that's media.
  It's not an 18 dollar burlap cosmetic bag.
  Yeah, it's very unclear.
  There's Bob Dylan.
  There's a yeah, like and there's there's like a Bob Dylan lyric on some sort of notebook.
  Yes.
  And it's like, you know, we also got to discuss the product range here.
  The product I got the most egregious thing I saw was this massive like eight by 10 leather  cover notebook.
  Like it's not there's the traveler notebook.
  Yeah, I think that's the same.
  This one has an E.
B.
  White quote on it.
  He was a weird dude.
  And then inside there's like big piece of paper.
  This is forty five dollars.
  And the other thing about all these notebooks, they smell like shit.
  They smell awful.
  There was some tasteful little pocket ones and I was like, oh, that's kind of not what  to call my guy.
  I can smell I didn't bend down.
  Just wafted.
  It just hit me.
  It's strange.
  Like it seems like the whole mood of the store is you doing a fourth grade project where  you have to like use tea to dye the edges of a piece of paper to make it look like the  Declaration of Independence.
  Like that's the entire mood.
  But also like the phrases are the phrases on notebooks.
  I'm at least like, OK, you can use this.
  The phrases on paper weights and like nobody uses paper now, but sure.
  And then I don't know if you guys saw this.
  Did you see the small quote cutouts?  It was like an index card sized and they're just inspirational quotes that you pay a dollar  fifty for.
  I thought that was decoration.
  And then I realized they were product.
  Yeah, I thought like you obviously get this free if you buy a two fifty glass frosted  bottle and they're like, no, no, no, no, no.
  You have to pay to put that in the bottle.
  What?  Yeah, they're a dollar fifty.
  And because I was going to bring you guys funny quotes in a little bottle.
  And I was like, this is getting very expensive stuff.
  You guys do not want.
  Yeah, we'd like that one.
  Someone like, oh, no, yeah.
  And then they sell a stack of them in like a gold wallet clip, I guess.
  And it was 30 bucks.
  I thought about getting everyone.
  Hello, darling notepads.
  And then they were eight fifty.
  I was like, OK, so that would be twenty four to twenty five fifty.
  It's so much money.
  But it is also like mom catnip.
  Yes.
  I could see a 45 year old version of myself going in there and being like, ah, finally,  you'll get it someday.
  Yeah.
  But I don't think any notebook purchased here has ever been filled or like anyone is like,  well, the notes for my novel that I completed are in my sugar notebook.
  I mean, I am in all fairness, keeping notes during the ordeal in a large Moleskine notebook.
  But I like them because they take a beating well.
  Like I can throw them in and out of bags and they they don't get fucked up.
  Usually like for other stuff, I use like a twenty five cent spiral down or composition  book or legal.
  We talked before we both like legal pads.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I also OK.
  The mom is a good justification.
  That is potentially an audience.
  But who is the audience for two big canvases that don't line up or match or blend seamlessly  that use a lot of rock quotes to form a guitar and then a different then like the inside  the guitar shape is brown text and outside is black.
  Can I tell you something?  I don't hate that.
  You don't hate this.
  Really?  I didn't see it.
  That's all the quotes.
  This is all.
  Well, let me just like give you a taste of the kind of thing that it is.
  Sure.
  Bob said, don't worry about a thing.
  Otis said, try a little tenderness.
  Steven said, dream on until your dreams come true.
  David said, we can be heroes.
  Kat said, baby, it's a wild world.
  I just read about two percent of this.
  Your name jumped out at me.
  Carly said, these are the good old days.
  I assume Simon.
  I guess so.
  Yeah.
  Jerry Lee Lewis said, hop in the car.
  We're going for the state line.
  I don't care how old you are.
  Led Zeppelin said, hey, let's fuck those fish.
  I don't.
  So I was I was like kind of adrift at what the point of this place was.
  And then I spent too much time on their website and it ends up that they operate a small vacation  home slash wedding facility.
  What?  And it's called Sugar Boo Farms because of course.
  Oh, like a little like ranch.
  Yeah, like a little farmhouse and then little little white homes that are basically intended  for guests to stay during a wedding.
  One's a bunk bed.
  The rest are beds.
  They're all like white farmhouse interior and they have that art in there.
  And originally I was like, I was like, oh, of course, this place is nice because they  don't have the sugar boost stuff in it.
  And then I realized like, oh, it's all sugar boost stuff.
  So in the context of a farmhouse in the south, I think it works great.
  That farmhouse would have voted for Obama a third time if they could.
  I'm trying to find there's a there's there's a sign here that says come in evening or at  morning come when expected or without warning.
  A thousand welcomes you'll find here before you and the oftener you come, the more will  adore you.
  And I'm trying to figure out where that's from.
  And I'm finding like different versions of it.
  Like I wonder if they changed it.
  So they did enough.
  Yeah.
  Doesn't it feel like I don't know, like secular worship, though?  It's like it's all inspiring and vaguely religious, but not.
  Yes, for sure.
  I mean, it's for sure not trying to offend any religion, but it is trying to give you  the feeling of it.
  And then it's also taking baby boomer rock and roll and making you feel like those are  wise passages from the scripture.
  Well, if you guys are interested, I did make a game.
  Yes, of real versus fake quotes.
  I almost ran out of time.
  What a guest.
  So just, you know, I'll say I'm you guess if it's real or fake.
  All right.
  Sure.
  How in a wake heart is an open heart.
  So a right on point.
  It's like, I think it's right.
  I think it's fake.
  It's fake.
  Wow.
  All right.
  But a good, a good approximation.
  Did you write the fake ones?  Yeah.
  Damn.
  I mean, you could that you could start selling that.
  I will say that this whole I walked in there was a little depressed that like nothing I  ever write will ever be printed on a pillow and sold for more money than I'd make for  a story.
  But like, sure.
  We'll go to T public and anything can be printed on a pillow or a lead of every galaxy's  story I wrote.
  OK.
  Courage, dear heart.
  That's real.
  We saw it.
  Yeah.
  Oh, be in love with your life.
  Fake.
  Fake.
  It's fake.
  It's real.
  Oh, you know what?  Wow.
  I never thought of it that way.
  You mean I should enjoy my life.
  Hope is the thing with feathers.
  Who it's so I heard feels fake to me, but I feel like I saw it.
  I think it's real.
  It's real.
  Yeah.
  This love is our love.
  Fake.
  Fake.
  Real.
  It's fake.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Kiss your life.
  That one's real.
  I think it's real.
  It's real.
  Wow.
  Thank you for gracing.
  Oh, real.
  Fake.
  Real.
  Fake.
  It's real.
  Oh, yeah.
  Gracing.
  Pray your prayer.
  That's right in the middle.
  I'm sure you did.
  I think it's generic enough that it's fake.
  I think it's real.
  It's real.
  Yes.
  How?  I'm really glad you didn't think of gracing, by the way.
  I'm thankful for that.
  Each day is a gift and we are all Christmas.
  I think that's too religious.
  Fake.
  It's fake.
  Yes.
  All right.
  All right.
  I think I have two more.
  I read these other ones.
  I think I have three more.
  I think I have four.
  I think I have five.
  I think I have six.
  I think I have seven.
  I think I have eight.
  I think I have nine.
  I think I have nine.
  I think I have eight.
  I think I have nine.
  I think I have nine.
  That's all of them.
  All right.
  All right.
  I think I have two more.
  I read these other ones.
  I believe in pink.
  That's real.
  Real.
  That is real.
  You complete me.
  I don't think they're selling it.
  Fake.
  Fake.
  It's fake.
  All right.
  All right.
  I think that's it.
  I just saw one.
.
.
  Cherry said, you complete me.
  It would've worked.
  If they sold an item to the thing, though, you'd be like, yeah.
  They should do this with movie quotes and then all the.
.
.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's good.
  That's good.
  That's really good.
  That's how they get the LA market.
  We could have, if we got an investor like, much like the Rick Wetzel and his partner,  Bob Bill Phelps, Bill Phelps, I forget, we could have a store like this full of merch  by the end of next week.
  Jason said counterpoint, you were wrong.
  Great.
  What?  I'm saying we could come up with all the products in a day.
  I'm imagining a tapestry that's all of our quotes.
  Oh, okay.
  That's good.
  I just like changing my socks in the log.
  Wait, you know that I was concerned that I had gotten too sleepy and said something  and five seconds later, I'm like, did I speak right there?  You're sure your donut crashing my donut crash.
  Oh, I forgot they have one that says faith trust and pixie dust, which feels like copyright  infringement on Disney ground.
  I feel like they're selling that a block down, right?  Like it was, I, I, you know what?  I didn't see it in the store, but it was on the website.
  Okay.
  Oh, sneak.
  I found one that I think now that I look at it, I think it's kind of giving away the con  and because it says you are my sunshine, my only sunshine.
  You make me happy when skies are gray and it goes all the way through the rest of the  song lyrics and it's screen print it, but it's screen printed in a way to look like  you were running out of ink.
  So it's like, oh, like, oh, this is the last one in the batch.
  And I feel like that's too perfect.
  Like that would be the thing that, that is where homes figures out like, ah, it's fake.
  It's a trick.
  I do kind of like, I think they do a very good job of what they do.
  I want to say that.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  You're killing you, but it's not for me.
  It's very, yeah, they're very effective.
  They also aren't, uh, it's still not appealing to me, even though they have that perfect  category of this kind of place, the I like wine shit.
  Oh yeah.
  You're an I like wine guy.
  Well, I'm certainly not that I do like wine, but I'm not going to buy a thing that says  where, you know, the, like the, the, the sack that does its own spin out.
  That's like, okay, I'm just having wine for breakfast.
  That's one of the, it's like, I'm having salad for dinner.
  Okay.
  It's mainly grapes.
  Okay.
  All grapes, uh, fermented grapes.
  I'm having wine for dinner.
  Or also if I ever go missing, I would like my photo put on wine bottles instead of milk  cartons.
  This way my friends will know to look for me.
  God damn.
  That's upsetting.
  A lot of levels.
  I like the mild darkness of it all.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  If I go missing.
  Yeah.
  Look, I drink a ton of wine and I may go missing someday and put it on wine bottles.
  So my other drunk friends can find me and reach out to wineries who I'm sure will be  willing to change their brand.
  Wineries famously not studgy.
  Can they just put a picture of a missing person on for one batch?  See that's how generational it is because nobody under 20 now knows what photos on milk  cartons are true.
  That has been a, yeah.
  Now there's just like competing photos of cows being like, we swear they're not tortured.
  You know, instead of issuing an Amber alert for me, put my photo on a bottle of wine,  put my photo on seamless.
  They put my photo under M cafe's menu and seamless.
  You'll find me or postmates.
  They sell something that I like the look of and it's called Mr.
 Giggle pants, hibiscus  sugar for it's for cocktails.
  Oh, and it's got an elephant in hot pants and the elephant has a cocktail.
  And I think it's for like maybe the rim of a glass if you're making a cocktail.
  And I think I will get this because I like the sugar.
  I like the idea of making a fancy cocktail with a little sugar obviously.
  And I really like this elephant wearing hot pants.
  So for both things, I will say this is maybe my favorite product at Sugarboo.
  You guys went into the store, right?  Yeah.
  Did a small part of you feel like if you moved to Nashville, you would buy every single thing  in there?  In Nashville, honestly, if I went back in time and moved home.
  Went home to Chicago.
  Well but the suburbs of Chicago, there's a lot of that.
  We're from similar places.
  Yeah.
  So like there were a lot of, I feel like I went to a lot of kids houses that had stuff  like that as a child.
  Oh really?  I think.
  I don't think we were as enlightened on the North shore of Chicago.
  You didn't have the spirituality of the northwest suburbs of Chicago.
  I was very enriched with these quotes.
  So yeah, that's why I found, honestly, it did feel like houses I've been in.
  I feel like Barrington, like nicer houses in Barrington probably have a lot of these.
  Oh really?  Yeah.
  All of our nice houses were people who designed their own house in the eighties and then still  had it.
  So it was like really nice, but it looked like a set of like a Wall Street movie.
  Oh.
  Cause everything was like glass.
  Right.
  Can you give me some addresses and can I move there?  Oh yeah.
  Highland park.
  Just there.
  Sounds good to me.
  I'm not from Highland park.
  I'm from a lesser suburb.
  Okay.
  But the houses there were divine.
  Here's just a mug that says a little less conversation.
  XO Elvis.
  Like he's kissing us.
  I gotta say, the more I look at this stuff, I want to be like, yeah, this sucks.
  And then I really want to buy it.
  Like it's working.
  It's working on my lady brain.
  There's one that says to the moon and back.
  Yeah, that's a thing, right?  That made me think of honeymoon.
  Yeah, that's it.
  Okay.
  I guess that's a turn of phrase.
  It's a real phrase, but I also thought of Ralph or his wife with violence on the honeymooners.
  I'm a million years old though.
  So no, no, you're right.
  That is a real quote.
  I just thought of the weird.
  Wait, I'm looking at something with a very similar quote to it.
  I hate this one, like a sack pillow with fucking typewriter on it.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  That says to my sweet darlings, do you?  So this is a pillow for meant to be given to multiple children to my sweet darlings.
  Do you see how much you are loved all the way around the world forever?  And a day.
  And then it keeps going and going.
  Oh my God always.
  And then I don't see who it's attributed to.
  We don't like this stuff because we don't have kids.
  Yeah.
  We'd be like, I love you.
  Like you dream big.
  Like you're everything.
  Like you would have inspirational phrases.
  I don't think I would give my kids a, a pillow with the script font on it.
  It's like how like my grandma buys me like crocheted blankets and say granddaughter with  like a poem on them.
  Sure.
  It's because we don't have children.
  We like don't know love.
  Like we don't know the sugar boo level of familial love.
  What do you mean we don't have love?  We have opinions about Starbucks apps and we know a lot about a water skier.
  Sammy Duvall.
  Sammy Duvall.
  Sammy Duvall.
  The child prodigy.
  We're all just like garbage big city people who have creative jobs.
  We like don't have children.
  We're like, what do you mean?  Like you have to be an accountant and you don't like it.
  And then you come home and you just want like to be uplifted and you have like family and  you love your children.
  I just want to hug a pillow of, I like, now I'm picturing the person who has this pillow  and does not have two children and just like cradles it imagining two children.
  It's probably like a beautiful pottery barn couch with a slip cover.
  I think I don't like this store because it's everything I'll ever be.
  Oh no.
  Interesting.
  There's tons of psychology in this episode.
  Like a clean woman who can handle white furniture.
  That's never me.
  That's never me.
  This stuff cleans itself too.
  So much of it is so tan and kind of like dirty looking.
  You could spill as much coffee as you want on these things and it would seem like purposeful  staining.
  It's very much an aesthetic that has been in style for a while and it appears to be  in style and still, um, I get though, again, this keeps coming out of like, well, if you're  on vacation and you want to splurge on something, I am sure sometimes people I've done it where  it's like, oh, what if I got something for the kitchen or I got like a poster or the  home furnishing, something like that.
  So it makes sense in the district.
  Yeah.
  It gives you a little like, oh, when you look at it, it's the same reason why we buy all  the garbage we buy, I guess.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  I think we are probably all being, uh, elitist in a way by, uh, trashing this.
  We're being elitist by trashing this place where, uh, burlap sacks cost $26.
  Well, that's true.
  The price is right.
  I, I, you're right.
  This is a bit expensive.
  I forget who the other author, but definitely EB.
  I mean, EB White did a lot of stuff.
  I mean, he did the, the, the Strunk and White book.
  And then is he Charlotte's Web?  Uh, is he coming?  Is that, no, that's when he's, no, I think it's EB White is one of those, I think British  authors.
  So I'm like, I think if I scratch a little below the surface, I'm going to find some  weird quotes about the British colonies.
  I'm going to find some uncomfortable stuff.
  Sure.
  Like the, who is he?  Who's James and the giant peach?  Is that EB White?  Guys, I truly know nothing anymore.
  Since starting this job, I can't answer any of these questions.
  That's a roll doll.
  My entire brain is like fast pass policies.
  I am not even a full human anymore.
  Roll doll bread.
  So I'm starting to realize I can't like talk to other people as well.
  No, I can't talk to anybody.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Only the people listening to this right now.
  You're all we have.
  Hey listeners to my sweet darlings.
  Do you know how much you are loved all the way around the world forever in a day?  Yours always for people with warped brains.
  And let us tell you that life is the most wonderful fairy tale.
  The second most wonderful it's podcasting.
  Now, Carly, I'm going to say my bad on this one because when I initially sent you the  list for this sector, I included the Lego store and I fucked up.
  I was looking at an earlier list.
  No, no, no, Jason.
  This is clearly my father because there's multi we've had multiple confusing documents  based on that what the sector keepers, the center keeper like gave us tablets essentially  like God Moses and they were crafted aged tablets in the Google Docs format, which I  have a bad tendency to look at on the iOS platform, which cuts off the whole name of  it.
  So you didn't know whether you were looking at downtown Disney or deal game plan or downtown  Disney or deal record one.
  I made too many documents.
  They didn't sort out right on your foot.
  This has been what an ordeal.
  This has been wiki leaks mess of what's even happening.
  Techno terror.
  I copy and paste sometimes other documents into app.
  Like I run all of my stuff through Apple notes so I can get it no matter what I grab when  I'm going out the door.
  We don't think you're crazy for doing this on our end.
  And then when you learn what goes into it.
  Oh my God.
  I mean, it's work.
  It's so much work.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's a nightmare.
  I take my work very serious.
  I stress myself out about work because I want to do a good job and I want people to enjoy  it.
  Oh, thank you.
  And just now the only way that could be more meaningful is if you printed it on burlap  and you do a great job.
  I'll type in around the shape of a guitar or if Optimus Prime or who do you want to  say you did?  They did a good job.
  Every character and all the characters.
  But yeah, I like an expert issue where Professor X tells Cyclops he's proud of him.
  And I texted Mike when I saw it.
  It's like you see that?  And then Professor X told him Cyclops was proud.
  Optimus Prime.
  I just went on.
  We were at Horror Nights.
  Oh yeah, we were there.
  And then I went on Transformers just so I could get a little of that Optimus Prime praise  that I desire so much when you go, your bravery is what's helped save.
  And I was like, yes.
  I've never seen those movies.
  So that ride still makes no sense to me.
  I have only seen the first one, I think.
  It's kind of our take.
  I have no idea what's going on.
  But I really like it anyway.
  It was fun.
  It was fun.
  We went to Moe's.
  Did you do us?  No, because remember I left and then you're like, you like really manned up.
  Whoa.
  No, because I was like, I'm getting the hell out of here.
  Like I'm done.
  I did my mazes.
  We did a knots.
  Yeah.
  And you were like, I'm going to go for it.
  There was not a chance I was going in the Us House.
  The Us House was scary.
  Oh my God, of course.
  But you did Clowns and you did Ghostbusters, right?  I was with you in Ghostbusters.
  What are you talking about?  I know you were with me in Ghostbusters, but I meant really just to clarify that you were  in Clowns.
  You're like Halloween Horror Nights gaslighting me.
  I have done three different mazes.
  I'm just trying to recollect exactly the situation.
  Three haunts.
  Three haunts.
  I did Fright Fest.
  I've done, but the listeners heard about me talking about that already.
  So anyway, yes, I know you were with me at Ghostbusters, but then you did Clowns, right?  Yeah, I did Killer Clowns.
  Separately.
  Okay.
  The Killer Clowns.
  Yeah, because you went for it.
  I did Killer Clowns and went home.
  Yeah.
  And yeah, anyway, I don't know how we started talking about this.
  Yeah, why?  Wait, you were saying.
  The leg.
  I think we have to we were talking about doing the Lego store, but the Lego store might be  saved for another stage.
  But then you because we had told you that you got us something from the Lego store.
  I love to come bearing gifts.
  Wow.
  Okay.
  So we can take this into our future travels and perhaps even use.
  Yes.
  This is the first.
  Okay.
  So the Sector Keeper has been giving us items to use against the bosses we've been fighting.
  Okay.
  So we survived battles with Rick Wetzel.
  We had some trouble with Ralph Brennan, but we're okay now.
  Oh, good.
  We're facing, I feel like some big ones coming up.
  So we need all the help.
  Tertia Joe turned out to not be a boss, except he did.
  I did lose a battle to or my stomach lost a battle with Tertia Joe long ago.
  See, you get the trouble.
  Once in a while.
  But so I don't know.
  This might be the first instance of a guest giving us an item that potentially come in  handy later.
  I'm not even going to be in more sector keeper trouble.
  Am I?  No, no, no.
  No, this doesn't overstep his.
  We can get items from anywhere.
  Okay.
  He's dealing with crippling nicotine addiction right now.
  Well, I was going to get you guys something from Sugarboo and then was cheap.
  So I didn't.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  But I did make many figures that look like you guys.
  Oh my God.
  I will deliver each one individually.
  I just wanted to be known that I spent too much time in this store.
  And very embarrassingly was like a truly like a lost woman in the Lego store.
  And someone came up and was like, do you need help with anything?  And I was like, no, I'm just looking for a small gift for an adult.
  And then she's like, I follow you on Instagram.
  I was like, oh my God, this is like the worst moment of my life that I'm just like truly  overwhelmed in this store drinking a gigantic Starbucks, which like you need both hands  to shop at Lego.
  And I like didn't know what to do.
  You were like a mirror mic, like stressed about fun and caffeine and toys.
  My career.
  Yes.
  We were meant to meet you.
  I had a similar experience where I was buying some t-shirts at Target, but they were cheaper  on the app.
  And so I was getting them to price match at checkout.
  And the guy went, are you Jason from podcast?  And I was like, yes.
  Thank you for listening.
  It's so nice to meet you.
  Oh my God.
  I cannot believe I am.
  This is how we are meeting the context.
  We are meeting under.
  I will give you your tiny mini things in one second, but I will mention that a few months  ago someone DMed me and they're like, Hey, I saw you at Magic Kingdom.
  I wanted to say hi, but you were screaming at your mom.
  And now whenever I'm with her, she's like, don't yell at me.
  And I'm like, you're right.
  I can't.
  Yeah.
  Someone could be watching facing the public.
  Okay.
  This is tiny Scott.
  Oh my God.
  I want you to know, I spent a lot of time in these bins with like other snotty children  being like, give me that little food.
  This is tiny you.
  I think it really encapsulates you.
  Um, I don't know why something, if you want to describe it or I have, well, okay.
  I'm, I have, well it's the hair is accurate.
  It's kind of a swish and I, I'm holding a squishy and a pizza and I'm winking.
  I got some, uh, fun, like jovial vibe.
  Oh, thanks.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Hey, I try to be a big smiler and the cool jeans.
  I thought that you'd be like, these are my going out jeans.
  If you have going out jeans.
  Oh, sure.
  I mean, I think I'm, I think I'm wearing them.
  Sadly, they aren't super fancy, but, uh, I dig this guy very much.
  Yeah.
  It makes me hungry for pizza.
  It's good toppings on these great food options, but I did my best.
  I well, I could be hiding wine in the squishy.
  I can, oh, it's tiny Jason.
  This is great.
  Oh, I like this guy.
  All right.
  Tiny Jason.
  Oh, tiny Jason has a nice sweater, a nice Argyle.
  That's nice.
  Fall look.
  Very fall look.
  I do very well in fall.
  I do for clothing wise.
  You mean you look good in fall?  I think Jackie Johnson once said like, Oh, winter fall and winter clothing suits you.
  Like I, I, I sweaters and jeans.
  You do well with the layer.
  Oh, thanks.
  Yeah.
  I feel the same.
  I don't, I think I look dorkier in shorts and stuff than like fall.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Coats and shorts.
  I've got a pretzel.
  My accessories are a pretzel and a big popsicle.
  Yeah, that's the closest I could get to a churro sundae.
  That looks like a weapon.
  Sadly, they didn't have any churro accessories, but I love my radioactive popsicle.
  Yeah.
  And then the last one.
  Oh, you're coming over to me holding a mic.
  Like he's about to do a standup set.
  Yes.
  I just didn't want you to.
  Whoa.
  Oh my gosh.
  A boombox.
  So yeah.
  So we ran out of food, but Mike likes music.
  Mike is.
  It's kind of, I wanted to give it like a party vibe.
  You're wearing a baseball shirt.
  I was wearing a baseball shirt when we were at Horror Nights.
  Yeah.
  Yes, this is great.
  Thank you.
  What is this?  That's a large ice cream cone.
  Oh, I thought it was an Olympic torch of some kind.
  Yeah, it feels a little, but I thought it would be like, you'd be like, come on good boys,  like holding your ice cream cone.
  You do get the big ice cream cones too.
  That's true.
  I do get, I will sometimes get a double scoop.
  Big cone.
  Big pop.
  Yeah.
  Thank you so much.
  I should have gotten the ice cream, but it just felt like you would like the sweater  and the pretzel.
  You're like, it's fall.
  I want a carp.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  No, no, no.
  Makes total sense.
  And I'm the least sweets person, so the pizza's great.
  Yeah.
  I'm wearing shorts, which I was wearing.
  I've been wearing shorts a lot lately.
  So that's perfect.
  Yeah, you used to never wear shorts until you're in a shirt now.
  Really?  Yeah.
  What made the sweat?  Global warming.
  Honestly, I don't.
  We're going to have to go back to Mike's childhood for the story.
  It's like it's in his shirt pocket.
  I love that.
  Oh, you're the ace.
  My little guy.
  Yeah.
  It's like, honey, I blew up the kid.
  This is.
  You're taking your toy on a little pocket ride.
  Here's what's going to have to happen now.
  I have put off, and I'm sure we'll talk about this in LEGO, I put off ever collecting LEGOs  because as a child, I loved LEGOs.
  I loved toys.
  There's a ton of toys upstairs.
  And I've always, I walk into this place and go, oh, I should buy a Star Destroyer.
  I should buy a.
.
.
  And now I feel like he has to go on missions with.
.
.
  Oh, like he needs a home, a LEGO home.
  Yeah.
  He's on missions with the Marvel characters, Star Wars characters, and teasing the LEGO  friends, the LEGO specific characters they created named the LEGO friends who have their  own TV shows.
  Come on, gang.
  Oh, that's come.
.
.
  Wait, are we meeting another group of friends?  There's another IP specific in.
.
.
  Pandora has their own set of characters they've created called the Pandora friends.
  Of course.
  And LEGO has their own group called the LEGO friends.
  I went to LEGOLAND.
  Yes.
  You're first.
  You're playing first.
  Hop in, friends, hop in LEGO Mike's LEGO Chevy Volt.
  Let's go.
  Let's plug this into a trailer at Six Flags Magic Mountain and let's go.
  Well, oh my God, this is all fantastic.
  And we're going to be much lesser in this gift exchange because I, in the flurry of  doing these many episodes.
.
.
  Have some more doughnuts.
  I forgot the thing that we got you, which is a tiny card from Sugarboo with an elephant  and it says, hats off to you.
  Hats off to me?  To you.
  And so we'll just need your address.
  We'll just send it.
  We'll send the tiniest postcard in the mail.
  Hopefully it isn't irregularly sized.
  It almost just shreds it.
  It oddly is going to need like seven stamps, even though it's extremely small.
  Oh my God, can't wait to get future mail.
  Yeah, yeah, you got mail to look forward to.
  And because of this gift, honestly, I think we should all make you some sort of burlap  with a quote on it.
  We should all personalize a message.
  Oh God, if anything I said was worthy of permanence.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah, we'll find a quote from the episode.
  Hey, what did Carly say that you think deserves to be on burlap?  Let us know in the comments.
  I hope it's not just me being like, come on four.
  This is how you'll be remembered.
  It wouldn't be on my gravestone if I were to die this week, that's for sure.
  Thank you for our little totems.
  Well, maybe for our creature, our little self.
  Yeah, you know, future battle, if you want to like use those in place of yourself.
  Yeah, like an extra, like a one up, like an extra life or something.
  Well, it's like having little avatars.
  Yeah.
  So to keep our own bodies safe.
  Oh, I think this will definitely come in handy.
  So thank you so much.
  I and now it's bizarre that we'll talk about the Lego store later, but I think it's perfect.
  That we, you know, we talked about us.
  We didn't talk about Legos.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You know what?  I think it all, I think it all divided up fine.
  Thank you so much for these things.
  Carly Weisel, you survived podcast the ride.
  Does downtown Disney or deal?  I let's access through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Yeah, find me in the internet.
  I'm a freelance journalist, so I work for a bunch of different places and write a bunch  of different stories.
  If you like deep dives into anything from strong females in the world of Disney parks  to Disney weddings to something coming out soon, right?  Something in Galaxy's Edge in a matter of three hours.
  That's that's all coming.
  You can find me on Instagram at Carly Weisel or on Twitter at Carly Weisel or at Carly  Weisel dot com.
  Nobody has my name.
  There's lots of perks.
  You know, it'll be written, right?  I don't need to spell it.
  Yeah, it will be in the title of this.
  So yeah, I just check.
  And if you guys want to be in my foam club, come join us.
  We'd love to have you.
  It sounds like the most delightful club.
  It's true.
  It's just a bunch of it's.
  So it started like a week ago.
  It's all positivity.
  And I hope it stays because it's just it is so nice.
  Like as a midwesterner, I'm sure you understand.
  And like your your guys is crew is all like nice and happy.
  It's so nice to like people that came from our thing and like there's some Pugassar at  Crossover.
  There's a few people, I think.
  Wow.
  You're saying our Facebook group.
  Yeah, because I'm in your Facebook group and everyone is so nice.
  Yeah, I think we have the same thing like seeing such positivity.
  Yes.
  On there when so much Internet and especially Facebook can be like a very dark place to  define these nice dark Twitter.
  Debatably dark.
  Yeah.
  Instagram.
  Pretty positive.
  It's mostly you putting stuff out.
  It's not you having a conversation.
  Yeah.
  So I mean, I was in my DMS all day, but it was one way conversations with people.
  And I was like, you guys all like the same stuff.
  You should be talking to each other.
  Like I'm like dealing with an ungodly amount of people about foam and pressed powder and  like Disney Park specifics like that.
  You guys should all be talking about these things.
  Let's make some friends.
  You're making connections.
  This is some sugar boo.
  Ask positivity.
  You should make some matches.
  You should make some love connections.
  Well, wait a minute.
  In your group.
  You're right.
  Matchmaker matchmaker.
  Make me a match.
  Right after I got married, I was like, oh, I'm going to set everybody up now and had  all my single friends like email me if they wanted in.
  And then I never did anything with it.
  So you got busy with foam.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Oh my God, like a phone wedding, like a phone party.
  Oh, wow.
  Fall in love over the phone.
  Is it called is the whole group chat called a phone party?  It has some hold on.
  It actually has a truly unhinged name.
  I just got a puppy like six weeks ago, so I have not functioned.
  So the name is let me see.
  It's Facebook dot com slash group slash Carly Weisel.
  But the actual name it's loading.
  It's loading.
  It'll be worth it.
  God, I hope so.
  You need to look it up.
  Carly Weisel, cool time, Internet virtual hangout party.
  Well, which I think sums it up.
  I just found an old floppy disk of mine that I saved like six second wave clips of songs  and like the Simpsons on.
  It was called the super ultimate kickass disk.
  I would buy that.
  So this is this feels like very I think 12 year old me.
  Yeah, it's the spirit of this.
  I was just like, it's fun coming out.
  And it had like and then it would be you click on it.
  It's like it's all caps.
  Yeah, baby dot wave.
  It's just a scratchy file of Austin Powers saying, yeah, baby.
  And that took up an eighth of the disk.
  I think I had a great I think I had a wave file.
  I love Austin Powers saying, yeah, baby.
  I think I had before you could take the movie home or I think I replaced the sounds on my  AOL with that was a move.
  You're right.
  Like that.
  Yes.
  So every instead of you've got mail, you would say, yeah, baby.
  Yeah, I honestly think that's exactly what I did.
  Wow.
  That takes me back.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, come on by my Internet corner.
  There's lots of Disney news, too.
  It's not just people being like some there's like a constant Disney chatter.
  You'll never guess who they fired this week.
  You'll never guess what entertainment they've closed this week.
  Or which executive went from sitting in the left chair to their new job in the right chair?  I'm going to save all comment for that for my sci fi column for this week.
  All right.
  Which will have been a while back now.
  So keep checking out your sci fi things.
  And as and as for us, keep following us on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook, hashtag DDD.
  Save the level keeper.
  I'm not going to do the sector keepers one because he's not here.
  And as always, as you know, from having been to the underworld, there's three bonus episodes  every month.
  If you subscribe to podcast, the ride, the second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast,  the ride.
  So tomorrow, what is tomorrow?  Oh, tomorrow's a tomorrow.
  Tomorrow's a boss.
  And if you're following chronologically, think about where what direction we're heading in  and think about a looming figure and one that we've announced already.
  Tomorrow's good.
  I'm excited about.
  Yeah.
  So so yeah, re download us tomorrow, please.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com and subscribe to our  shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever  dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
