 Forever.
.
.
 .
.
.
Dark!  Darkness falls out on the street, Evil rears its head.
  Get your crazy shake to go, And your fried donut bread.
  The villains threaten this sacred place, This downtown shopping mall.
  We must defend the Lego store, And the Splitsville bowling balls.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, We must protect our AP discount meals.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, With secrets does the Earl of Sandwich conceal.
  Boys, boys, my cousin has been taken by evil forces that have inhabited Downtown Disney.
  In order to find them, he will need to thoroughly discuss every aspect of the mall.
  Stores, restaurants, both of the Starbucks.
  We have 18 daily, very necessary episodes and much to do so.
  I will be there to guide you and keep your conversations from getting too off topic or boring.
  The Downtown Disney ordeal, Why do we do this to ourselves?  It's the Downtown Disney ordeal level four, stage three.
  We are working our way ever slowly, ever surely through Downtown Disney, the retail center,  in between Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure.
  I'm Scott Gardner, Mike Carlson's sticking in there too.
  Yeah, I'm hanging in there and Jason Sheridan.
  Yes, I was doing well.
 My madness levels have subsided from the underworld.
  And then the last few days I've just been watching, unfortunately,  compulsively watching a lot of Mayor Pete dance videos and it is driving me more insane again.
  I hate it and I cannot stop.
  So you don't know how to do the Mayor Pete dance?  Well, you do the up and then you do it like all four sides and then you do the spin and then you do all four sides.
  Is it similar to the there's a we played a Chuck E.
  Cheese song on the Chuck E.
  Cheese episode where it was like me and my friends, which is sort of it sounds like the Bruno Mars song,  the one that he did with Mark Ronson.
  And there's a dance associated with that.
  And it's similar to the Mayor Pete dance.
  Similar.
 Yeah.
  Yours is the first one I've seen because I've avoided any video of this.
  So you set the standard for me.
  Yeah.
 Don't don't start going down this rabbit hole.
  Though I fear you will.
 I don't know.
  Knowing you're some of your Internet deep dives.
  Sure.
 But I've already been down such a rabbit hole about today's topic, about today's owner, the owner of today's restaurant.
  And there's only one.
 There's only one in today's stage.
  And along with that, there's only one guest we ever wanted to talk about this very special place.
  As as announced at PTR 23 months ago from Doughboys from Love and returning victorious from Atlanta, Georgia as a movie star.
  Mike Mitchell is here.
 Thank you for having me, guys.
 Thanks for coming back.
  As you know, we've been planning this out since the announcement day back at D23.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It was tough to keep it under wraps.
  A lot of NDA is required.
  I mean, you should have seen when we unveiled the video of you saying Earl of Sandwich, everyone definitely knew what was happening and why they knew the context for sure.
  Exceedingly clear.
  They must have known as much as I did when I was doing it with like when I put the hat on, I was like, what's happening here?  Yeah, right.
 Should we say the original idea was you were going to be there live?  I was going to be there.
 Yeah.
 And then I had to leave.
 I had to leave.
 I had to go to Hollywood.
  Came calling.
 Yeah.
 I'm calling after a long time.
  After yes, you got the call.
 You answered the call.
  Like so many of us, you went off and have shot an exciting movie for months and months while we've just been sitting here doing this shit trapped in an ordeal.
  It's called The Tomorrow War.
 Answer the call.
 Colin answer the call.
 I'm very excited about it.
  There's a lot of good mojo around that phrase.
 I'm really glad they adopted it.
  What was what was the deal with answer the call like like what does that mean as a subtitle?  Well, you know, it's there's a few things going on.
 One, it wasn't originally there.
  It was like tomorrow eventually evolved into edge of tomorrow colon live die repeat.
  Yeah.
 And then just straight up live, die, live, die, die, repeat, which is a better name.
  Do you think so? I think I like edge of tomorrow better.
 I think I liked it.
  I think it is vague.
 I think lived.
 I repeat is more specific.
 You're just supporting tomorrow titles is what you're doing.
  True.
 Team tomorrow.
 But this is this is the exact same thing.
  This movie was called Ghost Draft and now it's called The Tomorrow War.
  I mean, do people I like that.
 Yeah.
 Do people like that better? Yeah, I think I like that because Carlson's.
 Yeah, I'm mixed.
  But Ghost Draft.
 But I feel like maybe Ghost Draft evokes something in my head.
  But I don't know if it's actually what the movie is from what I've heard.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  I don't know.
 I think it was I thought it was kind of a cool title.
 Maybe I just got used to it.
  If it's if Ghost Draft was about ghosts getting drafted onto football teams, which is kind of what I think of it.
  We're drafted to like fight a war.
 No, no, no, no.
 Football teams.
 Oh, for football teams.
  I like that, too.
 It was like you could draft OJ Simpson.
 He's still alive.
  And who would draft OJ first? I don't know why I thought OJ.
  Football player.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Passed away.
 Yeah.
 Merlin Olsen.
  I bet that's all I can name and he might not be dead either.
 Walter Payton.
 Yeah.
  I got a first pick again.
 Oh, shit.
 OJ Simpson.
 I was OJ Simpson again.
  You're so big in the sports memorabilia world.
 You run into him every now and then in Vegas.
  He and I have beaten down some people for some merchandise.
  You got recruited.
 You were one of those guys.
 I got recruited.
  That's why they cast you in Tomorrow where they knew you looked good in a lineup of guys with guns.
  But getting back to it, Answer the Call is a play on who you're going to call, right?  Oh, that never hit me until years later saying it was never going to call.
  Wow.
 That's what that is.
 Oh, my God.
 They are the one.
  But it's it doesn't work.
 It's not it's not perfect.
  Because who you want to answer was Ghostbusters.
 It was solved in the song.
  The answer was Ghostbusters.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  And it was also solved by Dan Eckhart's cameo in Casper where he said somebody else.
  Somebody else.
 Good point.
 They also could have just called it Ghostbusters colon who you're going to call.
  That's that's that's that makes more sense to me.
  But this is, of course, the only mistake that was made.
  Hmm.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 Perfect.
 I have not seen it.
  I haven't.
 You've never seen it.
 I never saw it.
  Why? You never saw it either.
 No, I don't see a lot.
  Even in my watch.
 I don't really.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  I didn't.
 Well, I have a question for you.
  Is Casper like an insanely weird movie? I haven't watched in a long time.
  It's got some very odd stuff in it, for sure.
 The cameos are the strangest.
  You just flip through and find I don't even want to say who.
  But when Bill Pullman looks in a mirror, the some of the strangest cameos,  you could never guess who's around the corner when he looks in the mirror.
  Wasn't Father Guido Sarducci, isn't he in the movie? Yes.
  And then he goes in and that they this is this.
  This still is in my head from back when I was a boy.
  He goes in and then they like twist his head around backwards and he leaves with his neck broken.
  Yeah.
 Have we seen the ghosts be violent until that point?  But they kill they they twist Guido Sarducci's neck around.
  They snap his neck in an attempt to kill him.
 But it's just a full reversal.
  Yeah.
 Well, they do.
 You hear him go like, ah, and then like, you know, chairs and dust goes flying.
  But nothing bad, nothing like a full neck rearrange.
  And this is also a very fun like a like an SNL character.
  What was Guido? What is he like?  Back in the underworld where we just came from our second gate episodes,  we talked about the Blues Brothers and our perpetual confusion about why them and what is it and why like, is it comedy?  And Guido Sarducci is another one of those.
 It's a little lost.
  I remember liking him as a kid.
 But like my wife, Erin, like if she if he comes up, like, what is that?  What is he? What was the joke there? What is the bit?  I can't remember.
 I've seen a number of Father Guido.
 Isn't he always smoking?  Is it smoking? Just like smoke regularly.
 Is that the bit that he's a priest and he smokes?  No, I don't think it is.
 I think that you know, Mitch knows.
  I'm going to tell you what I personally think it is.
  I think so much of the joke is his name is Father Guido Sarducci.
  And the voice.
 He's real Italian.
  I mean, Guido is like a like, isn't that like a thing of like a super?  Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Maybe that maybe that he's kind of this like, yeah, this odd stereotype kind of sleazy guy.
  Yeah.
 I guess that's the bit.
  We all know that that's so weird to me.
  We all know who he is worse than the Blues Brothers.
  The Blues Brothers, at least we know, like, well, they sing the songs and they're in Universal Studios.
  Have you watched Sarducci recently?  I don't mean the actual bit.
 I mean, in terms of popular culture.
  Oh, I see.
 It's like, yes, someone may be able to point at the Blues Brothers and go like, oh, yeah, the Blues Brothers.
  I don't think like Zoomers can point and go like, oh, Father Guido Sarducci.
  I don't know.
 I'm wondering what the or it's only it's the guy from Casper.
  It's the guy.
 Oh, yes, they might know.
  But how do we all sit here and know Father Guido Sarducci? Like, sure.
  I guess we were all I don't know.
 Did you watch SNL tapes growing up?  In 40 years, we'll like well, like in 40 years, no one will know who the Tab Brothers are.
  I'll say that much.
 Your character, you and Tim Kalkax's characters.
  Tim Kalkax's character that we did.
  But as of now, there's a lot of Halloween costumes, I feel like that one comes back around a lot.
  This is not what I was trying to get with this.
  Not trying to get revenge.
  I was trying to think I was sadly trying to think of like a bad character I did.
 I'm like, oh, I just don't do characters.
  I have no characters that I do.
  Oh, but you have whoosh.
  Whoosh.
 Oh, yeah.
 Whoosh is great.
  In 40 years, will people know who whoosh is?  Whoosh might get its own life like you kept pumping the YouTube algorithm towards whoosh.
  Whoosh being a character that was a sketch on the show, but also lives as YouTube links where you can wish your friend,  assuming it's a name that you guys chose, you like fill in that happy birthday, Michael, and you dub over.
  It's a customized birthday message.
  You're being very nice, but in 40, like, first of all, will whoosh get a walk on role in like the My Pet Monster live action movie?  That's my question.
  It just doesn't make sense that Father Guido Sarducci is in this movie.
  But you have to remember that SNL in the 70s, and especially when there was peak Sarducci, that SNL had like 35 million viewers every week.
  Everyone was watching that show.
  And Quaaludes were legal.
  My question to you is what are the peak Sarducci years? Because you said peak Sarducci.
  Yeah, because Sarducci lasted until like the early 90s, right?  They kept using him.
  Yeah, he would come and do.
.
.
 He hosted the show after the man who played him left the cast.
  There were episodes in the 80s where Eddie Murphy's cast member, it's like with your host, Father Guido Sarducci.
  Really? Wait, who played him? O'Donoghue? Don Novello.
  Oh, yeah.
 Of course.
 Don Novello.
  Did anyone have that fact in their head?  Was he a writer too? He was, right? Yes.
  Yeah.
  You know what's going to happen is like some New York comedian is going to get mad at us for like belittling Guido Sarducci.
  Maybe.
  Sarducci is a fucking.
.
.
 Who are you guys?  My whole fucking persona, Sebastian Maniscalco.
 That's why he was my inspiration.
  I never would have done it without Sarducci.
  I have two questions.
 One, is Don Novello still with us?  Yeah, I believe so.
 Yeah.
  Has Father Guido Sarducci been in a car getting coffee with Jerry Seinfeld?  He should be.
  Right? Doesn't that seem like a given?  I think I have his last appearance.
 He delivered the benediction at the Stuart Colbert rally to restore sanity and or fear.
  Fuck off.
  Fuck off.
  He was wearing his classic white clerical collar, a long red trim black coat with cape, zebra vest jacket and black beret.
  So that is maybe that on the Wikipedia at least, maybe there's another appearance.
  They hand to get Sarducci for the ultimate comedy rally.
  Bring Sarducci back.
  Yeah, to those New York comedians who will get upset at us.
  Comedy isn't that great right now.
 I would like a Sarducci cameo.
  Oh man, Sarducci going like, high, high hopes for the living.
  That's the Mayor Pete.
  Hey, if he gets the nomination, Mayor Pete, Father Guido.
  Oh, and the ticket.
  Imagine that on the bumper sticker.
  Six months now, like two months of Biden, two months of Warren, two months of Mayor Pete.
  The Bloomberg months are going to be so miserable.
  It is funny that it does just switch.
 It just switches around.
  There's a little carousel.
 We're going to hear about all these dipshits.
  Everybody gets to be leading the pack.
  February, I mean, when regular, it will hopefully get better when regular people start actually pulling fools.
  And it's not just like Ivy League weirdos on 24 hour cable just talking all day long.
  Also, I know this is kind of a weird place to announce this, but I'm going to be running too.
  I honestly thank God.
 Thank God.
  You might have the you're enough of an everyman.
  It will be, you know what, it was going to be Democrat.
  There's going to be some bad optics when they're like, what's the First Amendment?  And I'm like, uh, no, we like that.
  We don't like, we're sick of, we're sick of even know what all is like Trump.
  Trump knows too much.
 We need somebody who can't even.
  You guys need to say the world needs someone dumber than Trump.
  And that's what I'm running on.
  Mitch, you will have to distance yourself from some of the like home temp from like scooch and whitey Bolger, the third like town.
  I think that's actually no, I think that's wrong.
 I think they're in the cabinet.
  Oh, OK.
 I think you're right.
 Yeah.
 Oh, the whole game rivals, right?  And Jason, I just want to say that whitey Bolger is a fucking rat and I don't like whitey Bolger.
  You know what? You're right.
 No, I don't like him because he's a murderer.
 He's a bad man.
 Yeah, of course.
  I went to Sunday McLean's when whitey Bolger was probably just at Sunday McLean's.
  It's just crazy to me.
 Oh, yeah.
 I would have recognized him.
  I feel like and I would have gotten killed.
 An old man would have killed me probably without a gun.
  He probably would have just beaten me to death.
  The 80 year old man would have beaten me down to death.
 What year?  Like in the two and like the like in 2005, I was going like all the time.
  Wow.
 And that's like I feel like in that stretch, you would like prime time.
  Yeah.
 Do you like do you feel like you've done enough that you've enjoyed since then that you're like, it's probably good.
  I didn't die in 2005 or that better way to go.
  It would have been a very interesting thing like the it's it's an Irishman death.
  You guys have it right now.
 That's a cool like, yeah.
 Cool guy killing him.
  Neat.
 That's a cool death.
 You would have had like Horatio Sands on now instead.
  You would have had someone who would respect or look up to you without you.
  The Horatio Sands would have filled by here.
 That doesn't make sense.
  So it would have been doing doughboys with Weiger.
 Yeah.
  So I do.
 Don't want to lie here.
 Huh?  He's in the Mandalorian.
 I don't know.
 He's the first thing that came to my mind.
  He's in a scene or two.
 Two scenes.
 He's the he's the fish.
  He's the fish man.
 He's blue.
 Yeah.
  I know we should.
 I mean, we should talk about the damn Merla sandwich.
  We also haven't talked to you about theme park stuff in a long time.
  You've been a galaxy edge now.
 You feel like you're going to get mad at me.
  No, no, no.
 I feel like I've been curious.
 I don't know.
  You're going to the park all the time now.
 Like sea change.
  Carlson, Carlson, has you come around? Are you?  I want to use and I want with Carlson to the to the park.
  We had a nice time.
 We had a great time.
  It was like a podcast, your summit, because Lindsay and Kelly were there.
  Yeah.
 T-Creates was there.
 And we took a picture in the Millennium Falcon, like  the waiting room, whatever.
 Like, do they call that the social quarters or whatever?  I forget the official name.
 By the chess set.
  The chess room.
 And everyone's like, wow, can't look at this.
  What is this? What's coming to fruition to this?  We're all like nothing.
 We just went together.
  We went because we could go to it.
 Yeah.
 Basically, we were just having a nice Saturday afternoon.
  People that was like a traveling Woolburys type super podcast.
  It wasn't.
 Stop demanding the collaboration.
  It's not it's well, it's happening now.
 I don't know what you see.
  You came around.
 You've you've now you probably you had a decent time, but now you're like losing.
  I had a decent time.
 Here's what I think about Galaxy's Edge.
  I'm not sure I'm going to disagree with you, by the way.
 I think we might be on the same.
  I think my favorite thing about Galaxy's Edge is the Ronto wrap.
  Sure.
 Yes.
 I think the Ronto wrap is delicious.
  I go Cantina and then Ronto wrap.
 But yes, I turn on the Cantina a little bit.
  Look, I still think it's one of the better things about that entire park there or section of the park.
  But I I I don't think it's that great of a.
  I want now that I go to Disney, I'm like that is like I don't we were just there.
  Mike Carlson and I.
 Yeah, we went to go to Earl and then we popped in the park for a few hours.
  And I had no urge to really go over there and do anything.
  There was nothing I really wanted to see over there.
  We were we were just in Disney World and we didn't really go to their Galaxy's Edge because we know it because it's the same.
  And there's other things we want.
 We wanted to do things that are only there.
  Here's my issue.
 Yeah, I first of all, the Cantina should have aliens in there.
  And when the last time I went in there, I've been in there now three times.
  You go up to the counter, you stand there and you drink your drinks and like there and then there's like people behind you and it's crowded.
  Unless you get one of those seats, which we did.
  Yeah, Jason, that was a great day.
 We all sat down in the booth and that was great.
  But like, why is there like why are there aliens in there? Why isn't there more fun happening?  It doesn't make any sense to me.
 That's a big complaint.
  Like as it's starting to age, like that that was the stuff cut for cost.
  The equity actors walk around actors, people speculating that when Rise of the Resistance opens, which I think will like  we are all looking forward to seeing what this massive new ride will be like.
  But like they got to get some actors in there and they think people are like maybe they'll do some life day stuff.
  And there's a life day mentioned in the Mandalorian, but nothing for this year at least.
  So just just even walking around the park like the bloom.
  First of all, the blue milk is like feels like a complete bomb to me.
  It doesn't feel like anyone cares about the blue milk and it was like butter beer.
  It's no butter, which is what they wanted to be.
  I feel like.
 Yeah.
 And then like I was walking around the park.
  I saw Ray there and I was like, I don't know if anyone cares about seeing Ray or if that's even a thing.
  There's no there's no Darth Darth Vader is the guy that you need to have just walking around.
  I think maybe this calculation of not just putting it in original movies is an odd calculation.
  I think it's I think it's a terrible calculation.
 I think it's so off.
  And like to be like, it's actually in this timeline.
  It's like who cares about the timeline?  People go into the theme park, don't care about the timeline to start.
  I see Chewbacca in Admiral Ackbar and shit like that.
  Just put them in that land.
 Star Tours is like all over the place with a timeline.
  No one cares.
 Yeah.
  This is the ultimate proof that nobody gives a fuck.
 We are with new characters, prequel characters, original characters does not matter.
  Nobody actually cares.
 It doesn't matter.
  Or show.
 I don't know if somebody care.
  Like, well, it also like if it's if it was a real heart, like the idea I think in their head was like,  this is really going to be like a specific part of the larger Disney Star Wars narrative.
  But then they cut all the fun stuff.
  So like if it was truly like a bustling town full of like 30 original characters and droids,  where in the Star Tours scene, that's the main thing they're pushing.
  Like there's going to be 20 droids everywhere you look.
  You can see it at the end of Star Tours, that little tease for Batuu.
  Yeah.
 It's full of droids and aliens and they're nowhere to be found.
  And when that stuff isn't there, it's like the landscape of of Galaxy's Edge is like just like an old dusty canyon.
  So now I'm like in this old dusty.
.
.
  Casca's Rocks, an unpleasant place to film.
  It's an unpleasant place.
 It's like.
  And this was another thing with and I said this to you, Carlson, but like they should have done like it should have been like,  oh, God, now I can't remember the name of it.
 Sky, the sky.
 Cloud City.
 Cloud City.
 Thank you.
 Best spin.
  Cloud City.
 Like why don't they make like a Cloud City restaurant or something where you like take an elevator.
  I used air quotes there.
 Oh, I'm like you think you're in Cloud City and you have lunch up there or something like why didn't they?  And why wasn't there like Hoth? Why couldn't there have been like a snowy part of Star Wars land?  Like like it just feels like they probably think they're going to do that eventually.
  That's my guess.
 But then also, I think there's an overcalculated.
  We've seen in the new movies, they really are like most things have to be on the desert planet, which is weird because it's like they must have done a poll where it's like,  which planet do you know the best from Star Wars?  And it was like Tatooine, but didn't like completely gauge like, do you want to live on Tatooine?  No, you're going to have drinks.
  Who comes from the leaves Tatooine? Like you get out of the place.
 Everyone leaves.
  It's where he wants to, doesn't want to live anymore.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 So yeah, I think if you haven't been, do go.
  Like the first one or two times is good.
 But like the revisiting, like they do need to switch it out.
  We're so going to get some hate on this.
  Oh, it's going to be me.
 It's all right.
 I mean, it's taking out on me.
 All right, you cowards.
  I think people like us who have gone a lot are starting to notice like, I wish there was some new experience.
  I wish there was something new to discover.
 Like, yeah, we got this big thing coming.
  But I almost like, like there's so much pressure on that last movie.
  I liked The Mandalorian and I was kind of like, I didn't know a lot about it going in.
  And I was like, I kind of like, I wish they just made more like low pressure TV shows, opposed to movies.
  They build up so much.
 It's like, I kind of, this is like a little slower.
  There's a lot of practical stuff.
 There's a lot of cool creatures.
 Cool creatures.
 Yeah.
  There's more creatures.
 Yes.
 Some of whom you're like, oh yeah, those guys.
 I like those guys.
  I'm glad to see those guys back.
 And like, I kind of, yeah, they just build it up.
  So, and I'm not expecting them to introduce like new restaurant concepts or new rides immediately or stuff like that.
  But like, yeah, some new aliens.
 Like, look who's been spotted.
 There's a new character walking around.
  Yeah, that's pretty simple.
 Who's this guy? Who's that guy? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
  And also, I mean, and I was going to say, I agree with you too on Mandalorian.
  Like there's stuff that annoys me about Mandalorian, but like that second episode, I was like, we said this, this is what Disney Star Wars was.
  It was like this level of like episode two of Mandalorian where I'm like, oh, it's like they're walking around and having fun.
  And the Jawas are there and he kills it.
 And then like big monster fights kind of weird and fun.
  And yeah, like, yeah, it's like you were saying, it's like they barely even talk in that second episode.
  I'm like, this is more fun to me than all the Disney movies are.
 And like he is a little endearing to me because it just gets his ass kicked.
  So much of those first two episodes.
 And then I mean, it's hard to deny Baby Yoda.
 Like who's going to say Baby Yoda is not cute.
  It's very cute.
 And then also at the same time is like a thing where I'm like, Baby Yoda, what is going on here?  But then also I do agree that it's very cute.
 But the big issue with the land is that the ride isn't that good.
  Yeah, we're all feeling it.
 Well, the Mark P ride, we got the B ride before the A ride.
  People don't know that people go there and don't know it like the big ones coming.
  So if you pay your money to go there and that's what you wait for over an hour for and you get that.
  I think I just like I wanted to love it so much when we went in and I did.
  And even like I was probably in my head like Mitch is probably not going to like it.
  Now I hear I like I think I think you had the same thing, too.
  I think I think what we're all finding is like good first good like couple visits and then you start thinking about what is this ride really?  And what is this mission and what's with the coaxium and the I will say that the ride never really passed my test my test because I also was an engineer the first time I was.
  I was in the third row and I was like the thing with the ride is we want to Carlson and I went on star tours on on the on our Earl of Sandwich Day.
  We went up we went over and that was one of the we went on the Haunted Mansion.
  I never done the Haunted Mansion the the the Jack Skeleton version of Haunted Mansion.
  And we did that.
  And then which I also I don't know if I love it.
  And then and then we did Star Tours and Pirates of the Caribbean.
  Those are the three rides and we did today and Star Tours.
  I was like I love start when we were doing Star Tours.
  I was like I love Star Tours even with the new stuff.
  Yeah, I like Star Tours and because it's big memorable.
  Okay, you probably don't like seeing Glass Jedi stuff but the but even like you remember the moment of all the red dust gets over your screen and you got to wipe it off.
  And where are we now?  And felt like there's moments that you that for sure and out and you remember the Disney movies being in it hurts my soul.
  But I I I do and I enjoy Star Tours still.
  But my thing is is like Star Tours is how many years old 30 years old or something.
  Yeah, I mean, they obviously updated the new version of it's like what 10 years old now 2011.
  Yeah, but still even even then like why is that ride more exciting than the Millennium Falcon?  I think we've pinpointed it.
  It's Mo it's there's two things there moments that are like fun that you remember like when you get on you're on the when you're underwater you get stuck in the things mouth when like you get crash on Jakku.
  Yeah, the guy holds up the sign that fell off here or the yeah the logo the Star Tours logo.
  Yeah, that's fun.
  And it's fun.
  He's yelling at you and the guy getting stuck on the windshield.
  Yeah, you're tilted in that moment too, which is really fun like you're kind of stuck on an angle because you crashed.
  But when they leave it in your hands, you make the moments you and maybe strangers you don't know how to fly a complex video.
  Yeah, it's a very video gamey like it looks it looks more video gamey than Star Tours does.
  Yeah, because it has to be like rendered in real time.
  So they can't get it looking as good probably yet.
  The technology isn't there.
  I mean, it looks more video gamey than like Death Stranding.
  Yes.
  It looks more realistic.
  It does look more realistic.
  That's a great point.
  What like fix that?  Don't make it in real time.
  Make it some bullshit where if you don't pull the fucking if you don't pull the life speed thing, then like it's a slightly different version.
  And that's all the thing that like it's one thing that changes.
  It's not like an exact moment or something that you have to be like we're pushing the buttons and we're doing the thing.
  Just make it.
  Yeah, make it so that it's a it's already the outcome is there and someone can pull the thing to go into light speed and it's fun.
  Right.
  So they need the new missions.
  They I don't think they know how badly they need the new mission.
  Yeah, I'm sick of the teases on this.
  They need to get them in there.
  We don't care about coaxium.
  Also, we need to get rid of the bars in the do you know how there's like the black bars to make it look realistic?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Get rid of them.
  Have it just be a big screen.
  What the what the hell is going on here?  Don't you feel like Star Wars people would go but that's not what the I am a Star Wars loser and I don't give a shit that it would be.
  They take it out.
  For God sakes.
  It looks bad.
  I restrictive.
  I've got two words for a new mission that I think could satisfy everyone.
  Rescue Chewbacca.
  Wow.
  Right.
  That's he's around.
  No sends you on a mission.
  Chewbacca has been captured by the what is it called in the new movies?  What is the what are the first order?  I guess the cast from the first order.
  I could not remember legitimately.
  I think it's probably the first order.
  And so I think the first order is to rescue Chewbacca.
  So you have to rescue Chewbacca.
  I got two words to you.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Jar Jar come.
  Now are those words to fix the writer?  There's just words you wanted to say.
  I just want to say Jar Jar.
  No, I think this is the mission.
  You get miniaturized.
  You fly up Jar Jar's day.
  There's a blockage.
  It's like it's like that.
  Oh, it's like body wars.
  It's like you can't just manipulate freely.
  Yes, so that he can produce a child.
  Yeah.
  You're helping him be able to see you're like, like he's it's like unsnipping him essentially.
  Can I just say this?  Can I say that in Mandalorian, if there was a little baby Jar Jar, not Jar Jar himself,  but a little baby.
  Yeah.
  Wouldn't that have been pretty good?  It has to be Yoda.
  If it was just cute, cute baby Gungan.
  I think there's the first.
  Finally in these new things.
  Is Jar Jar dead at the end of the prequels?  No, no, I don't think so.
  No, no, he's alive.
  Yeah.
  Is he still alive in the Disney in seven, eight and nine?  How do Gungans age?  I don't know.
  I don't know how Yoda is.
  I think he's all in question.
  What with Yoda?  I think he's alive.
  He'd be so old.
  He'd be old though.
  He met Anakin as a boy.
  He was, I think, at least a teen.
  Old Jar Jar, a little slower, has an eye patch.
  That's good.
  Ooh.
  And his dick doesn't work.
  Well, that is.
.
.
  Mesa dick don't work.
  Mesa needs.
.
.
  You're gonna fix my cum?  Sorry, I know this isn't Dope-wise.
  I shouldn't say cum over and over again.
  You're gonna help me know.
  There we go.
  That is a worry.
  Yeah, we ran into that.
  We decided not to censor it when Bugsy was on.
  Oh, and he said the C word?  Yeah.
  Well, our editor only has so many hours.
  He said the nut, like he said what I said, or he said something else.
  Well, we've already said cum.
  Anything and everything.
  Let's just say cum again.
  Bugsy, that's a nefarious figure.
  This episode is already funny because we're all just so relieved to just take a few minutes to talk about theme parks.
  Anything else!  Yeah, because the sector keeper is not here.
  I've been saying over the weekend, friends of mine have been saying, I'm dying to talk about anything but Downtown Disney.
  I can't wait.
  Whatever the next.
.
.
 I don't care what it is.
  Any stupid, the dumbest, slow.
.
.
  Give me.
.
.
 What's a bad ride?  Any of that shit in Dinoland USA?  I'll talk about those for two and a half hours.
  I'm going to Disney World.
  I mean, it would be helpful to me.
  I'm going to Disney World next week.
  Oh, no kidding.
  And I haven't been in like 20 years, basically.
  2005 was the last time I went.
  So 14 years.
  We can give you some tips.
  Chicken guy.
  I told Mitch about chicken guy.
  Okay, okay.
  Yeah, the sauce squad.
  You have to sign up.
  I don't want to be two words like this.
  Is it a two word?  Well, our brains have melted so much.
  Chicken guy.
  High hopes, sauce squad.
  Well, it's probably time to start.
  Do we need to ask the sector keeper?  We know what we're doing.
  Fuck him.
  He's going to be mad.
  That's right.
  This is about the level keeper who we're trying to save.
  By the way, he's a character we haven't met yet, but we're trying to free him.
  We have to do it by talking about everything.
  Oh, he or her.
  He or she.
  And we're trying to free him by he or she by talking about all the very interesting 18 days worth of interesting stuff at Downtown Disney,  which is why today we're talking about Earl of Sandwich.
  I mean, I think we wanted to have you on as a professional sandwich eater.
  That's right.
  Big chain restaurant reviewer.
  But it's like this.
  I've said this before, but my dad was brought back to life.
  He'd be like, what are you doing?  I'd be like, I like eat sandwiches and food for a living.
  I'd say this to my dad.
  He'd be like, oh, and then he'd disappear back to wherever the netherworld.
  He could stay, but he chooses to leave.
  He chooses to go away.
  When I saw my kid and just ran out of stuff to talk about.
  It was nice.
  He eats Subway now for a living.
  And how many episodes about all these?  How many Carl's Jr.
?  No, really.
  Well, so this is a chain.
  You guys haven't hit Earl of Sandwich.
  We haven't hit Earl of Sandwich.
  No, yeah.
  It's out there.
  There's like 30 of these things.
  Wow.
  And I find this to be like, well, let me just, I'll just say this.
  Disney announces a new hotel.
  We've covered this with some of the Fallen Brothers that we talked about not long ago.
  Things that they shut down.
  They shut down everything in this area of downtown Disney.
  Rainforest Cafe, ESPN Zone, AMC Theaters, these massive building.
  Gone.
 Everything's gone.
  A Starbucks is kicked out and Earl of Sandwich is kicked out.
  This is June 2018.
  Earl of Sandwich opened in November 2012.
  So it's been there for a while.
  Good little run.
  Popular.
  That's funny that it opened in 2012 because it feels like it's been there since like 1960.
  Yeah, it's true.
  I'm like, this is it.
  You just got to forgive their out of date style.
  No, no, no.
  Only since 2012.
  And in fact, even more recently than that, because these massive big box locations, once the hotel was canceled, they couldn't come back.
  They couldn't figure out how to come back.
  The Rainforest Cafe is like, we'd love to come back.
  I don't know if we can.
  We sold all the furniture.
  The animals have all been killed and shot.
  We can't wait for his cafe is no more.
  The only the Starbucks did too, but the only the survivor, the cockroach of this apocalypse, Earl of Sandwich came crawling back.
  And you know all this, Mitch, that I don't know if Mike filled you in that this place was shut down entirely.
  It's possible you forgot some of this information, this interesting information that I was.
  No, you know, I was.
  October 2018, right?  It reopened October 2018.
  A few months later.
  Did it really?  Oh, yeah, it was closed.
  It was closed down.
  Oh, I did not know this.
  Reopened October 2018.
  Everything removed, all the furniture, the sign.
  I told you the rainforest was gutted.
  It just wasn't gutted.
  So they just reopen it.
  Wow.
  They just turned the toaster back on.
  Turn it back on.
  That's insane.
  Seemingly raised everything one dollar in price.
  I saw pictures for 2018 to 2019.
  I was like, oh, that's the only difference.
  Huh?  It's stuff.
  I'll say this about Earl of Sandwich.
  Probably the most the cheapest thing in downtown Disney, like the most affordable, like quick lunch.
  But not but also not cheap by any like normal human standards.
  Human standards by theme park, resort district standards.
  It is very funny that like talking about Star Wars like that, this is like the outer the outer rim of downtown Disney is kind of like a jacku or something where it is.
  It is just like a junk planet where like a junked out AMC that's empty.
  It's just like the shell of a rainforest cafe.
  You want to have the habit from a truck?  The habit burger truck.
  Why don't working at the habit?  That's one quarter portion.
  That's that's what this is.
  Earl of Sandwich is basically what's his name again?  That shitty character, one quarter portion.
  Yeah.
  Uncar plot.
  Yes.
  Is that what you were saying?  Yeah.
  Yes.
  Earl of Sandwich is in car blood.
  That's what it is.
  There's nothing else open there.
  That's exactly right.
  Yeah.
  You want to do if any business exchanges have to run through this creep.
  That's insane.
  One hot lead this sandwich.
  I it's a it's a survivor.
  It is everything else.
  Like these giant corporations could not bring their restaurants back and only Earl of Sandwich.
  And I just think it is it's why we there's only this one today.
  There's there's so much to talk about.
  It's so strange to me that I will I will go ahead and say just from photographs and from and from videos and stuff.
  The sandwiches to me look kind of gross.
  And I think it's weird that this gross looking sandwich place is the one hanger on.
  But I don't I could be wrong.
  You were the guys who went and visited.
  Well consumed.
  I'll just also say right off the bat.
  The thing that's perplexing about this place is that Carlson and I we got our sandwiches.
  We went outside to sit down and there were no tables available.
  Every single table was taken.
  Now Earl of Sandwich.
  It was we had we had to sit inside.
  But it was like we weren't there on like a crazy day or anything like that.
  No.
  And the park wasn't so crowded.
  I mean, I would think this is like one of the cheapest options.
  Yeah.
  Cheapest best options in the whole resort.
  Best.
  Well, by comparison.
  Cheapest cheap.
  I'm tying cheap and best together.
  That's the quality of best.
  Yeah.
  You got to take it to the outdoor seating at the Disneyland Hotel, which is what I did the day we opening day of Galaxy's Edge.
  At some point, I was just so wiped out and needed to eat.
  I was like, I'll just get a sandwich at Earl of Sandwich.
  I was and I liked mine.
  I was surprised.
  What do we what would we think?  Well, we were mixed on it.
  We got quite a we got three.
  We got three sandwiches.
  We got a tuna.
  We got a melt tuna melt.
  Yeah.
  And we got the holiday turkey sandwich.
  And I'm really one.
  What was the last one we got?  I have a picture of it.
  It was like the Earl's sandwich.
  It was the yeah.
  The original 1762 original 1762.
  That one's pretty simple.
  Just roast beef, cheddar and horseradish.
  That's right.
 Yeah.
  That one for that's all right.
  I've had the Chipotle chicken avocado.
  I like that one.
  I had to say, though, I I will say this is one of my quirks.
  I get really weird about hot sandwiches and lettuce.
  Like lettuce on a burger.
  I'm OK.
  Toasted sandwiches, even if they toast it first and then put the lettuce on,  it gives me the willies.
  Sure.
  I don't like yellow mustard on lettuce either.
  I think that also something about that makes you think if the bread specifically is hot.
  If it is sold to me, if it's like a burger with all the fixings, I'm fine with it.
  If it's sold as like a toasted hot sandwich and an ingredient is lettuce.
  I agree with that.
  I don't know.
  Onions work hot or cold.
  Yeah.
  But lettuce, there's something weird about it.
  No, it wilts.
 It's disgusting.
  And they put in a pretty giant healthy piece of lettuce.
  Sort of like, yeah, to cause that to shrivel and shrink.
  Yeah.
  They should put it on after.
  Yeah.
  They do, though, don't they?  Don't they?  I watched video of it being made.
  Oh, I thought it was before.
  Yeah.
  Thankfully, you watched a video of it being made.
  Well, I did because I was researching the owner of this establishment.
  I'll get to that later.
  Let's talk about the food.
  Okay.
  Only some of the sandwiches have the dreaded lettuce.
  Only a couple of them.
  I like the dreaded lettuce.
  The dreaded lettuce.
  I had a Wendy's spicy chicken sandwiches the other day, which I said that I gave up Wendy's  and I caved and I got a spicy chicken.
  For the show, right?  Well, yeah.
  Yeah, there you go.
  For your podcast.
  See?  But it was dreaded lettuce.
  The lettuce had been.
.
.
  And it will always get a little bit warm in the sandwich.
  The bun isn't supposed to be hot in the spicy chicken sandwich, but I got some of the dreaded lettuce that you're talking about.
  I think.
.
.
  It feels like hair.
  Oh.
  I think if you're that spicy chicken sandwich, if you're getting the lettuce and tomato, you got to eat it quickly.
  If you're just getting a plain, you can wait a second.
  It feels like wet hair.
  Once it gets to that level, it gets sloppy and gooey.
  This hair isn't really sloppy and gooey.
  Anyways, moving on.
  It sounds like that big egg that the.
.
.
  The jawas break into?  Yeah, that the jawas break into in Mandalorian.
  That was very funny that they.
.
.
 the Mandalorian had vaporized some of their brothers or sisters, and then he brought them an egg, and then they were like, yay, and they just ate the egg.
  All is forgiven.
  And I still liked it better than any other Star Wars thing I've seen for a long time.
  Of all these big complicated stories that you feel a little confused or just let down by, and then a man rescues.
.
.
  The man gives some creatures an egg.
  Yes, what a great tale.
  Truly, it was.
  Hooray.
  It's a lot simpler than this whole podcast event we've been doing.
  Extremely, yes.
  Guys, it's all that tidiness and storytelling, you know?  Like the downtown Disney or.
.
.
  Narratively, my goodness.
  I.
.
.
 okay, but what's the overall feeling about the quality?  So, what's the feeling of the sandwiches?  So, the tuna melt, here was the issue with the tuna melt, is that it was too in between a tuna sandwich and a tuna melt.
  It wasn't bad, but it just was like.
.
.
  Yeah.
  It felt like maybe like a heated up tuna sandwich in some ways more than it felt like an actual tuna melt.
  They needed like.
.
.
 there's probably a setting they cook everything on or toast everything on, and they might need like an extra 30 seconds for that one.
  Yeah, I agree with that.
  That sandwich.
  And like the.
.
.
 yeah, because like the cheese was just kind of like falling out of it, remember?  It was.
.
.
 it wasn't terrible.
  No.
  The original was good, it was heavy on the horseradish.
  Signature sandwich worthy? That's what I said, question mark.
  I don't know.
  Like you question that being the one that they push?  Yeah, I mean, like was.
.
.
 is that the one that kind of blows us all away? I don't know.
  Yeah, because if they have the branding on it, that's sort of.
.
.
 yeah, like this is the thing you should get.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, that was probably my least favorite, I think, of the three.
  And I kind of pushed that one because it was the original.
  Yeah, it made sense to get it.
  Yeah.
 And then the Thanksgiving on a bun or whatever they call it, the gobbler, I'm with you, Jason, that it's called the gobbler.
  Yeah.
  Get the hell out of here if you're saying something else.
 It should be.
.
.
  It's the gobbler.
 Holiday turkey sandwich isn't a better name to you.
  Gobbler's fun.
  Gobbler's fun, yeah.
  Gobbler's fun.
  It's what we call the wah-wah outside of Philadelphia.
 They make gobblers.
  Yeah, it's fun.
 Gobbler.
  Northeast, I know you guys call it gobblers.
  We call it gobblers, baby.
  This phrase isn't copyrighted.
 They could have used it and they didn't.
  It is fun.
 It's a thing a turkey actually says.
 He says gobble.
  He does say gobble.
  He does say gobble.
  He called the gobbler.
  It doesn't save him from the killing, but he does say it.
  Only our president can do that.
  Only our president.
  What if, man, this is a way to turn Trump into the biggest villain if.
.
.
  He doesn't pardon the turkey?  No, he pardons every turkey.
  Oh, wow.
  Nobody gets turkey in the city.
  So no one gets turkey when they just give it.
  You won't walk into your Thanksgiving.
 There's a big fast food buffet like when he entertains sports teams.
  Hell, and probably there's a fucking turkey walking around your house because there's so many.
  Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  And they're all free and they're just in our backyards bothering our kids and pets.
  My mom does get wild turkeys sometimes by our house and it does look like an alien is just walking around.
  My mom too.
  Yeah.
  And they're kind of scary.
  And they're a little mean.
  Yeah.
 They're very much like velociraptors.
 They talk about that in Jurassic Park.
  At the end of Jurassic Park, if you remember, he looks out the helicopter window and he sees turkeys walking on the ground.
  And he says, like, that's what they evolved into.
  Do you remember this moment in the movie?  In the first Jurassic Park?  In the first Jurassic Park.
  The very last scene.
  The very last scene.
 He looks out the window.
  It's that scene.
  And there's a little crew of turkeys walking outside Jason's mom's house.
  That's right.
 It fades to black.
 Well, because most people shut it off.
  It says directed by Steven Spielberg.
  Then it comes back.
 So this can happen.
  But don't turn the movie off.
  And Jason's mom is waving at the camera saying, hi, Jason.
  Which must have been a thrill for you in 1990.
  It was.
 The 90s, we were all freaking out.
  But they're scary.
 I agree with you.
 They're a scary little animal.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, Earl Sandwich is doing their part.
  They kill them off.
 What do we think of the Gobbler?  It was good.
  I like the Gobbler.
 Yeah.
 I think I like it.
 Even if a tuna melt's OK, I like a tuna melt maybe the best.
  But I think the Gobbler was good.
 Everything tasted good.
  I mean, it tasted like a OK Thanksgiving.
 And I don't mean that in a bad way.
  Yeah.
 OK Thanksgiving.
 That sounds funny.
  Fine.
 Again, fine.
 As we began this podcast series with, we knew we were saying fine a lot.
  I will say like fine for what I when I say like La Brea Bakery is fine.
  I will say like Earl of Sandwich is fine plus.
  Oh, this bums me out because it makes me feel like there's been Thanksgivings.
  We were like, that was a fine Thanksgiving.
 And it sounds like a bummer.
  It sounds like a bad Thanksgiving.
 I mean, look, you're not going to have home runs every Thanksgiving.
  That's true.
 The whole endeavor is fine.
  I'm not.
 I never like Thanksgiving itself.
 What a fucking awesome Thanksgiving.
  I've never been that into Thanksgiving.
 I'll be honest.
  It was never one of my family's favorites.
 The food's not my favorite area of food.
  Oh, I like the food.
 I disagree on this.
 I like the food quite a bit.
  It's a bummer when you get a bad Thanksgiving.
 Sure.
  I mean, like, I guess Thanksgiving is like so family heavy.
  Like you have to go and see like family and stuff.
  It's probably just baked in as a child.
 Like as a child brain thing of like,  yeah, there's going to be a lot of like seeing everybody and feeling like pressure.
  And then like, I like food.
 OK, there's no presents, no presents.
  No costumes.
 You know Christmas is coming and you can feel it.
  Yeah.
 So there's probably it's probably all that.
 Yeah.
  That's my guess.
 Not as fun.
 Yeah.
 But I don't hate it.
  I think it's Christmas minus.
 Oh, that's good.
 I see.
  That's right.
 Fine plus.
 Fine plus.
 I like just as far as like holiday characters go.
  I'm going to be on my own here.
 But the Thanksgiving turkey comes in at number one.
  And Santa's number two, just in my mind.
 Whoa.
  That's the Thanksgiving turkey is one.
 Is he threatening you?  No.
 Is that turkey threatening you? Jason, no.
  I bet you're crying.
 It's fine.
 OK.
  When I said that they come to my mom's house, they don't threaten my mom.
  They don't.
 Everything's fine.
  But I think those gobbles meant tell your son on his podcast or any other podcast.
  My mom FaceTimes me, has just turkey claw marks on her neck.
  They all pilot a car for the.
 Mom, what are they doing to you?  Are those turkeys hurting you, mom?  The turkey, the turkey wearing like a pilgrim hat and a scarf or something.
  Is that the Thanksgiving turkey officially? Remember, there actually used to be like  my mom would put up like in the way that like, do people still do this?  They still do this.
 Like at Halloween, that you would have this stuff that you put on.
  You just tape it to your windows that were like a cat coming out of a pumpkin.
  Just a like the classic decorations.
 Yeah.
  Thanksgiving, we did have like a turkey one where you just put it on the window where I feel like people.
  I think that's like a thing of the 80s and 90s that no one no one's given decorations as much anymore.
  Right.
 Probably not, because we'd have pilgrims and Native Americans.
  Yes.
 That would be like a little.
 Yeah.
  The cartoon with like the brads that would make their arms move.
 Yes.
  That's what you're talking about.
 Yes.
 We had those.
  Very Brad heavy holiday.
 Well, the 80s were also brads.
  Brad fever was sweeping the nation.
  So flexible.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I think that that there's not as many holiday like Thanksgiving decorations,  but I don't know.
 Maybe if we went back to the Midwest, they're still there.
  They could be.
 That's a good point.
 Yeah.
 Or yeah, who knows?  It's still the 80s in the old Midwest.
  Still Brad fever out there.
 It's always the 80s.
  We were talking about this as we were leaving the real test, I think, because toasting makes things better.
  It just does.
 It covers up imperfections.
  It covers up maybe cheaper ingredients.
  We were saying that that once once Subway started toasting, I was like, I guess Subway is like not that bad just because they they toasted all this.
  Like the shitty taste was slightly toasted out of it.
 Sure.
 Sure.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Do we talk Jersey Mike's because they don't toast.
  Well, I think the quality is already there.
 So you don't need to toast.
  And Mike's way is their version of toasting.
 Sure.
  That's Mike's.
 Yeah.
 If there's any like blandness to what's inherently there, Mike's way covers it up.
  Yeah.
 So we realized after we were leaving, what we should have done is asked if we could get one sandwich untoasted to really say.
  I mean, they do have wraps and salads.
 You can write something called the true test.
  Yeah.
 The true test of like the ingredients is the untoasted sandwich.
  Here's what I realized.
 I didn't know this until I was reading online.
 They do French bread pizza.
  Oh, curious about that.
 I'm sure it's fine.
  I'm sure it's fine.
 Did you have brownies or cookies?  Like they're one of the places that have them like stacked up at the register.
  I've had brownies.
 Yeah, I've had brownies.
  I was like, I want to get ahead of it before there was a rumor started.
  Store bought, cafe bought or restaurant bought brownies.
  I find very dicey proposition.
 I find stale very quickly.
  Sure.
 Okay.
 If you're going to dump a bunch of ice cream on top of it and then it gets moist because it soaks up the ice cream.
  But if you're just eating that alone, it could be a bummer.
  Yeah, I agree with that.
 Are these sandwiches too, they're so bready.
  Like you look very thick.
 A lot of bread and it's not like extra special bread.
  I was just on the way out that I said, I said, I don't want to ruin this and tell you before we do the podcast, Mike.
  But I said, we got to talk about that bread.
 What's the deal with the, is the bread that good?  I don't know if the bread is that good.
 Yeah.
  I feel like it's a place that's like anybody thinks it is.
 Yeah.
  And the bread is just kind of like, it's just okay.
 It's not.
  That's a lot of it to be the main feature.
 It's not a.
  Take up so much height.
 Yes.
  It's not a, you can't sit anywhere here on a random day in downtown Disney.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That may just be, it may be the price point and it may be just like lack of quick options in general.
  I encountered the same.
 They have this in Disneyland Paris in the horrible mall outside Disneyland Paris.
  And I went in there just to get a banana because it was the only like piece of like fresh food anywhere on that property.
  But it like smelled bad in there and the same thing, like just like, yeah, like line out the door, jam, but every table, every restaurant at this Paris mall was like that.
  Just to some, just a McDonald's.
 I mean, I hated that place so much.
 But the, but yeah, why?  Disneyland Paris itself? I mean, I don't have the best things to say about Disneyland Paris in general.
  But the, the, this shopping center outside is just the most nightmare.
  I think it's one of the things that got me thinking about Earl of Sandwich.
 Like it's here too.
 You're fucking kidding me.
  This thing, this virus is spread.
 This, what you guys are seem to be saying is like fine, fine plus.
  Yeah, fine plus.
 And in the context of Disney, it's like, if you can make it over there, it's a good option.
  What? Cause it's like, you'd rather have that than maybe like the food at the Tomorrowland Terrace.
  Yeah.
 I don't know.
 You don't think so.
 But Tangerowat Terrace at Disneyland Hotel, miles better.
  Yeah, sure.
 But I think maybe you call that something different because it would even use, you just kind of sit down for that.
  Like quick service.
 Oh, you think quick service, are you calling quick service different than this?  I think quick service is different than Tangerowat Terrace.
 Certainly better.
 Oh, well, it's all kind of mushed together,  but I'm including the quick service at Tangerowat Terrace.
 That was quick.
 I don't know what they call it.
  Yeah, but no question better.
 A little more, but in this case a better step up.
  But Earl of Sandwich that said does is better than Tomorrowland Terrace.
  Yes.
 Mike's not sure.
 I'm not sure.
 I think I would just rather eat any old shit in the park than I would.
  Really? Huh.
 Yeah.
 Cause you're there already.
 You're there.
 I don't know.
 You're there, you're happy.
  You're having like fun snacks, you're happy.
 Yeah, I wouldn't.
 You know that I like pizza port.
 Yeah, that's true.
  That's true.
 Yeah, we've been wanting to talk to you about pizza port.
 That's another episode though.
  Yeah, I know.
 After I try to get a pizza port put on my body so they could just feed pizza right through a port.
  Just beam it in.
 Dear God, what a hacky loser I am.
 I liked it.
 I like it too.
  I find that inexplicable.
 We've talked about this.
 I think pizza port is wretched.
 I like pizza port quite a bit.
  It's just like such a theme parky, big slice of cheese pizza.
 I don't know, I'm having fun.
  I like the idea of that, but that price is notched up and up and up and the quality is going down.
  See, but I just think of theme park.
 I mean like those sandwiches were not cheap.
 They were like what? $14 or something?  Not each.
 No, no.
 Are they $8? $8.
99.
 $8.
99.
 $9? Okay, that's not.
 I rounded that to $9.
 Call me crazy.
  It was $9 each? No, actually that's not a bad deal.
 Yeah.
 I mean it's a lot.
 For a theme park, yeah, again, with a discount, we also have a name, pass order discount.
  So then you do get a 40 cents off.
 And you get validated.
 Sounds like you bought $20 worth of food.
  Yeah, we would have if we had been parked in Pixar Pals.
 Yeah.
  That is funny that like the most people who go through downtown Disney are parking in the theme park parking.
  They're not parking in downtown Disney at all.
 They were parking in the theme park parking as opposed to like City Walk where it's all just one parking mass.
  Oh, I see what you're saying.
 But there's are there any.
 I couldn't even imagine that going to like the movie, like going to the AMC theater just because like you lived in Anaheim or something.
  I'd go anywhere else.
 It's such a pain to get in and out of there.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I imagine using that as your base theater.
 Yeah.
  I am having I had a very specific memory when I started researching this of right after Earl of Sandwich opens.
 Mike, you picked me up at the airport and you plugged your phone into your car speaker or whatever.
  And you're like, listen to this.
 You got to hear this.
 Like it's like a new single came out.
 It was just some theme park podcast.
  And it was a guy just really worried about like, I don't know about these picnic tables that are all of sandwiches.
  I think specifically.
 Yes, specifically the benches.
 But like you picked me up and it was it was like the vibe of the back to the future.
  Like, you know, that sound you've been looking for.
 You got to hear.
 And when he's playing, it's just someone going like these benches are going to get very hot in the summer.
  It doesn't seem like there's enough of them.
 And I, of course, I like the show two years before.
 And I'm like nodding along like, yeah, you're right.
 Good call.
  Mike is the king of the point and the smirk like, huh? Yeah, that's not being satisfying in the league.
  Yeah, that's true.
 The underwhelming point in style.
 That's what the point in smile is.
  Well, I think that's why you're smiling.
 You're like, I know it's going to be sort of a nothing.
 Yes.
 Yeah, I just I just told you about Joe Pesci's new single with Adam Levine.
  That's a point in smile.
 Oh, yeah.
 You really built up.
 And you wait till you hear who the duet is.
 Wait till you hear Joe Pesci's duetting with.
  We had a great time pumping that on the five, you know.
 Joe Pesci has a new album coming out, but he sings two songs with Adam Levine.
  What in the world? Don't you think that's weird? That's weird.
 Yeah, that's a novel.
 That's not the theme park podcast.
  But it's a weird pairing.
 But Adam Levine is like everywhere, always all the time.
  But Joe Pesci, it would make more sense that he was like singing with Joe Pesci or something.
  Yeah, certainly.
 Like that was me.
 Have you seen the Irishman? Not yet.
 I saw it.
 The reveal of the Irishman is that the Irishman is Adam Levine.
  Oh, it makes a lot of sense now.
 It's not as funny, honestly, knowing that.
 But he's fucking ripped, dude.
 Yeah.
 So jacked.
  Well, OK, if we're wondering why this place persists and why it does not go away and why it came back from the dead entirely,  I think you have to credit a guy who I would call the comeback kid.
 He's got so much fighting spirit.
  He's a guy who who brought Planet Hollywood back from bankruptcy twice.
  That is a brand that like wanted to die, was on its way to death.
 And he kept fighting and he hung in there.
  And he is one of the people who Earl of Sandwich is named after.
 And that is the owner Robert Earl.
  Robert Earl is the owner of Planet Hollywood, Bucatabeppo and Chicken Guy, which we have discussed.
  Yes, we are discussed very much in the woof in the life of a single woof.
  Chicken Guy, a recent new restaurant endeavor with Guy Fieri and good things.
  Shockingly affordable, cheaper, better than Earl of Sandwich.
 Wow.
 Cheaper than Earl of Sandwich.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
  And this man now, Robert Earl has finally met his flashy shirt match.
 What with Guy Fieri? Yes, that's true.
  I feel like it's a match made in heaven.
 He's in restaurants aren't his only endeavors.
  He, of course, a producer on a film we all know and love, 2015's Wild Card starring Jason Statham.
  Of course.
 Yes.
 So he fronts the money for some quality Hollywood entertainment.
 Also the Expendables.
  And yeah, he's the producer of all the Expendables movies.
 Oh, his boy, his boys in it.
  Arnold's because he goes back or Arnold and Stallone.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Uh huh.
 Uh huh.
 He goes back.
  Now, he's not the only owner of Earl of Sandwich because Earl of Sandwich is also invested in by a literal Earl of Sandwich.
  The man's name is John Montague and he is related to the original Earl of Sandwich, who's credited with inventing the sandwich entirely.
  Yes.
 Do you have the stats on that? No, I have it from the Morning Joe interview with him and Robert Earl.
  1976 is the first sandwich recorded as being eaten in London.
 No, 1976.
  Oh, what? 1762.
 Sorry, sorry.
 Whoa.
 I said the wrong thing.
  1976, damn.
 1762.
 Sorry.
 Yeah.
 That's, I was going to say there were no sandwiches.
 It says it right here.
  It's on 1976.
 I literally, my eyes are failing me.
 I have to say that is some very good like British Empire like storytelling and stuff.
  Because Yesterland pointed out and other people have pointed out, people have been sticking meat in bread the world over for centuries, if not millennia.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And they tried to claim it, right? Do you, let me ask you this, Jason, would you celebrate that date or year now that you know it?  Now that I know like it's a.
 Like that, you know, which day were you celebrating the sandwich's invention in general?  Every day.
 Okay.
 I love a sandwich.
 I love a sandwich too.
 Yes, certainly.
  And this guy, one of the co-owners of this is like, it's my family.
 We did.
 The Earl of Sandwich is a guy who, what said like, I'm too busy or I, or there's several stories.
  Either he's busy with paperwork and government or he's like, he's playing a card game and just put meat between bread and bring it to me.
  Right.
 And that and then the other people gambling or doing business with him are like, oh, very good.
 I'll have the same as sandwich here.
  And then a sandwich show.
 And so it got deemed or they coined that phrase after his jurisdiction.
  And that's the tale.
 And trickled down to the Hoi Ploy.
 Trickled down from the upper crust to the lower crust.
  Oh, yeah, sure, sure, sure.
 Yeah, they passed it on to us very kindly.
  The Earl of Sandwich is an odd fellow.
 He's up on your screen right now.
 Yes, he looks great.
  It looks like he doesn't at all look like the painting that ages in an addict while someone else stays.
  Like a strange Johnny Depp prosthetics character.
 I have good news though.
  In this series, I Googled John Montague plus Jeffrey Epstein and got no results.
  With any royal days, but is a British British title Landy's in the House of Lords.
  You know, there's got to be some he's got to be some sex plane involved.
 It's just not Jeffrey Epstein.
  I'd say we need to put the British royalty all on an island somewhere surrounded by water, separated from everyone else.
  But they are already that you're recommending.
 There's just a lot of bystanders.
  There's a lot of working bystanders.
 But the real driving force behind this is a Brit I'm very fond of.
  Robert Earl.
 And please feel free to interrupt and interject.
 So I don't make this just a history lesson.
  But OK, I've been building up to this for a while.
 I know.
 OK, OK.
 Deep breath.
  I'm just I'm so excited about Robert Earl.
 And I he really got on my radar because I was thinking about I was thinking about Planet Hollywood.
  I think having come from the planet Hollywood in Paris and just going like what is up with like why aren't why why are there still Planet Hollywood's around?  What's the deal with this place? And I started Googling him and I found a YouTube series and the series is called Robert Earl's Be My Guest.
  And in this you get us you meet this man, you get a sense of him.
 He basically he sounds a lot like Robin Leach.
  He's a very just like, you know, like a very far be waving his arms around excitable British man.
  If there's other people in the frame, he is the one talking guarantee.
  He wears really loud silk shirts.
 It's all very Mike Love S.
  And he flaps his arms a lot.
 And he hosts a show that seems to have aired on some like the cooking channel or somewhere.
  But now it's on a YouTube channel, videos that have like 300 views and I am the three hundred and first.
  And here's the premise of Be My Guest.
 Robert Earl takes you to restaurants that he usually happens to be the owner of.
  He gathers up a bunch of guests to join him.
 Come be my guest.
 He orders food for them.
  He just points and says, you'll have a pizza and then leaves, goes back to the kitchen where he makes the food.
  He's like helping do it and putting his finger in the food and licking his like until tell the cook, look over there.
  And then like sneak a little like hit of ricotta.
  And then like and then he makes the cook say like, I did it better than you didn't die.
  Yes, of course, Mr.
 Ely is.
 Yeah, I knew it.
  And then he comes out, delivers the food proudly says, and I made it.
  Chef Robert made the food and then he gives the food to his guests and then just starts eating it himself as well.
  He just starts grabbing like he'll just put like put his hands in the pasta.
  He'll just grab a meatball.
 He'll like there was there's one I watched about the Earl of Sandwich.
  And there's a he makes food for construction workers for a group of construction workers.
  And then he just has a sandwich and he just grabs it and just starts eating it.
  And even he even will say like, let's share this and then grabs it, which sharing, I feel like is the person with the food is supposed to make the traditionally.
  Yeah, they bring up the sharing process.
  But so he's respected by blue collar guys.
 I like them now.
  Well, let me are we sure of that?  Well, they're sandwiches.
 It sounds like it's fine.
  Just watch this.
 I've made you throw this on a TV before.
  Yeah.
 Well, so let's let's find out.
  Let's we can all you can judge with me.
 Do the blue collar people like him or not?  Here is a scene from Robert Earls.
 Be my guest.
  Going off into Orlando to find some construction workers and I'm going to grab them and bring them in to have some.
  I'm going to grab them.
 Good afternoon, guys.
 Good afternoon, construction workers.
  He did do that.
 Yes.
  How do you feel about coming over to the sandwich and having a great lunch with me?  Sucks.
 Oh, man.
 They don't like him at all.
  He said, like, how would you feel about having a wonderful sandwich with me?  It sounds good.
 Be more enthusiastic.
  He's just like he bought you be louder.
 You laugh, you smile.
 Construction worker.
  Put your hat on backwards.
 He truly never learned their names either.
  No construction construction workers.
 That's who you are from here on out.
  You blue collars.
 You he he's much more.
  So, you know, did that air somewhere? Do we know?  Or was that just like a pilot that they were throwing online?  Because all we've we've come across this before.
 All of these rich guys want to have their own show.
  They all want to be Mark Cuban or something.
  They all want to have some show where they do things.
  And I think sometimes they just say, like, OK, get a crew there, make the show.
  They'll never know.
 They'll never check.
 Right.
 As far as he knows, he has a show.
  Right.
 He may not have checked, but like they were like, you know, the ratings just came in and they're great.
  Oh, wonderful.
 Better than they're better than Saturday Night Live and Peaks are do she?  I mean, he had this show on the cooking channel, which is a very odd endeavor to begin with, because it's not the Food Network, but it's owned by the Food Network.
  That was on Cooking Channel.
 Or it's related.
  Wait, yes.
 The cooking.
 So the cooking channel is a thing that it's a digital channel and it is owned by the Food Network.
  And it is a thing that you when you are in a hotel or you get digital cable and you're like, oh, what are these extra channel?  You're like, what the fuck is the cooking channel? Oh, yeah.
  And like that's with some very there's some very odd stuff on there.
  This man pointed at construction workers.
  You're my friends now.
 He's left a beam for me that I'm interested in that show because he does seem more energetic than he does on all the interviews I watched.
  He's like kind of sedated on the interview, like Mourning Joe.
  And there's one on KTLA when he's making this poor woman worker.
 You watch that too.
 Yes.
  They're always like, and she does all the work.
  And he points to the like this poor employee that's going to have to make a sandwich live on KTLA.
  And he's got his arm around her too much.
 This is another point.
 Yes.
  OK.
 In every bit of food.
  And I've watched several at least clips, many episodes of Robert Arrows Be Our Guest.
  He always has his arm around everyone.
 He's always just grabbing for the food.
  And he just has his arm around everyone he's ever talking to.
  And that includes the men, I will say, out of fairness, but it also certainly includes the women.
  Let me just like you're right on the news.
 That's the deal.
  And then here's another clip I took here.
 Just watch this interaction.
  Hang on.
 Dear God.
 These construction workers.
  They want me to put my hand on the small of your back and leave it there.
  They don't trust you to make it.
 I have to watch you and keep you in arms.
  And that segment is a minute and a half long.
 And his arm is around her the entire time.
  She goes all the way down the sandwich line and it never moves.
  But it's also true when he's in the book, a De Beppo kitchen in a different.
  He owns a book, a De Beppo, a book, a De Beppo.
  He's in the book, a De Beppo kitchen with a guy who's been his chef for a long time, sort of a portly fella.
  And he he roasts this man a little bit.
 And so, you know, things happen with the guys, too.
 Here we go.
  You're so autistic, Dave.
 I think that's why you hired me 26 years ago.
 You're a hundred pound lifesaver.
 That's why all my profit is gone.
  That's not fun.
 No.
 And then he like taps his tummy.
 That's why all my profit has gone to your belly.
  Oh, my God.
 To your Lord.
 This guy's awful.
 He's OK.
  Well, I was thinking that we might need to throw this might not get me out of what you just said.
  I've been thinking we need to use the word allegedly, but maybe I'll throw that in.
 He's awful.
 Allegedly.
  He clears this legally.
 That's the magic word.
  Looks like the older version of do you guys know Wyatt Coke? He's the son of one of the Coke brothers.
  Oh, man.
 Designed very expensive, very garish shirts for rich people.
  I do know him.
 Yes, I know him.
  This video is going around a while back with him like talking about this.
  He's the Coke member or the member of the Coke family who does the least bit of ill in the world.
  So it's like he's just a rich, fail son who just designs expensive shirts.
  He just does aesthetic ills.
 Yes, he does aesthetic ills.
  But he got Robert in the video, Robert Earl like and there feels like there's a straight line.
  I wonder Robert might buy some of those shirts.
 Robert has probably bought them.
  My good friend, Mr.
 Coke.
 Another great shirt.
  Can you be a fail son? My question is, can I be am I a fail son?  No, you are doing well.
  Can you be a fail son without being like a millionaire?  Can you be a fail son without being a millionaire?  I think you can, but I think especially the the idol children of the rich who have like businesses that like I don't know that that shirt company makes a profit.
  Just a madman and then like, yes, this pattern.
  And it's like, well, the shirt body will be parrots, but then the cuffs will be little umbrellas.
  And it's just like, this is what that doesn't go together.
  And you know, he leaves the factory and like, OK, make it happen.
  Now off to play off to South Beach.
  People have to figure out like, OK, how many threads does he want?  I don't know.
 Just figure it just do.
 Yeah.
 Just give yourself a raise.
  He's not paying attention.
 He doesn't care.
  This company, we have a billion dollars.
  This company is supposed to make 500 shirts this year.
  I have a million dollars to play with.
  I'm going to say a little more to and again, don't let me just make this a dry history lesson.
  But as we say, fail sons, there's a lot of fail sons involved in the back story of Robert.
  He himself, I don't I mean, he's not a fail anyway.
 No, extremely successful man.
  But there's a lot of great sons involved.
  We have to go back to the story of Hard Rock Cafe.
  And it's always, always great to do so.
  OK, Hard Rock Cafe was started by Peter Morton and Peter Morton's dad founded Morton Steakhouse.
  And his son is the founder of Pink Taco, one of the most hellishly named things ever in the world.
  I think a horrible thing.
 I figured I found it closed in Century City.
  So yeah, the Sunset Boulevard one is closed or still open.
 Is it too?  I don't know.
 I don't know.
 God, I hope it's closed.
 Fingers crossed.
  What a horrible name.
 Oh, and wait, I should also say with Morton Steakhouse.
  So yeah, the the the founder of Hard Rock Cafe's dad founded Morton Steakhouse,  but now it is owned by Tillman Fertitta.
 Mr.
 Shut up and listen himself.
  Yes, because it's in the Landry restaurant group.
  And it is like good.
 It is like a nice place with good service.
  Oh, yeah.
 But that's his dad.
 That's not him.
  Peter Morton is Hard Rock Cafe, which we've all done to mixed results.
  All right.
 Hard Rock Cafe City Walk City Walk.
 It's leaving us.
 Oh, no.
  Confirmed.
 Confirmed.
 It's pretty.
 Confirmed.
 What's taking over the Toothsome Chocolate Factory  that's in Orlando, the Willy Wonka Rippoff.
 I don't know if it's fully confirmed,  but I have seen it in enough sources where I generally would believe it.
  But I guess where the people murmur about the tables outside of.
 No, no, they I would never.
  I need at least work up there.
 I mean, like Margaritaville just opened and that feels like it's.
  Yeah, people have said that's not doing well.
 The movie theater does well.
  And all those nightclubs closing.
 And since we did our series, the City Walk Saga last year, like nine things.
  It's a reckoning.
 Wow.
  People are saying, though, that it actually might not be as much about stuff not doing well  and more about Universal wants to own everything up there.
  Universal owns Toothsome.
 They own Anahito's, they own Ilvino.
  Yeah, so they're replacing everything with stuff that Universal or Comcast owns.
 OK.
  So that might be more about it, because I think Hard Rock is usually still busy.
  Yeah, Hard Rock is one of the good spots to grab a drink or something before you go see a movie or something.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, it's huge.
 It's weird that it's closing.
 It is weird.
  Maybe that is.
 Maybe they are chasing them out of town.
  Well, but there's one on Hollywood Boulevard, so they at least have something in the area.
  Oh, I know.
 That was our Doughboys.
 That was an awful.
 That certainly was.
  Oh, man.
 I mean, any time you're going to Hollywood Boulevard, it's never you never want to go there.
  Yeah.
 No, for any.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But I mean, a worldwide franchise, I mean, it is I think we can't say Hard Rock is successful.
  Oh, yeah, certainly.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I would say that if downtown Disney, like we were on the outer edges, if you kept extending downtown Disney,  it would turn into Hollywood Boulevard.
  It's basically that's like it's starting to get like where we are like Earl of Sandwich area.
  If you like kept going further, it would turn into Hollywood Boulevard based on shittiness.
  And now there's and there's like weird grifters and dirty.
  There's weird grifters.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  John Travolta is the fanatic.
  There's bad.
 Bothering people.
  There's bad Mickey Mouse costume people walking around.
  How did this happen?  OK, so but yeah, Hard Rock Cafe is successful, but not very good.
  It was started by, OK, this guy, Peter Morton and Isaac Tigrit.
  I was talking about him the other day.
  He's the guy who's like the blue, the blues.
  He started out as a blues and like the blues are, you know, really the hub of the blues is Harvard.
  It's got to be Harvard and Danny Aykroyd.
  So these are the two guys who found this, the both like old money people.
  They hate each other.
  It's a bitter divorce that goes on for six years or so.
  Tiger like we got to get Tigard out of here.
  He sells his shares, his side of Hard Rock Cafe to Robert Earl.
  Robert Earl has been a sort of successful restaurateur.
  Mike, I feel like you might be aware of his British food, his British chain restaurants.
  Did I see that on your computer?  Well, there's a lot of them.
  Tell me the one year because I have so much text on here.
  I was thinking about Shakespeare Tavern.
  Well, yeah, but that's the one that turned into a different one.
  No, I don't know.
 What do you have?  OK, because there's so many here.
  Hagen Whistle, Lord and Ladies, the Crumpets Muffin.
  OK, so he is first.
  Yeah, in April of 83, the Tootly Doo.
  His first one was on Church Street.
  Oh, OK, Church Street.
  And it was Shakespeare's, it was just called Shakespeare's.
  And then that was eventually changed into King Henry's Feast, which was a Medieval Times style restaurant, which is this picture here.
  You can see it.
  OK, but it was a Medieval Times like dinner and a show.
  So he had a whole like he he was doing a lot.
 He was experimenting is what I'm trying to say.
  Yeah.
 Imagine not.
  I'm not just going to start one British chain restaurant.
  I'm going to start like five.
  Yes.
 The walk around characters just talking about their gout.
  Oh, my feet.
  The favorites.
  I changed my dressing.
  I don't relate to that too much.
  He's talked about how he was building an empire in Orlando.
  He had Wild Bill's Wild West show and Mardi Gras, Royal Orleans.
  Oh, my God.
  So it was an international drive and Baby Nova, which was next to the Villa Nova.
  And eventually all these places closed except for Park Plaza Gardens, which is one I didn't even mention.
  So he was building all these separate restaurants at the time.
  Right.
 Right.
  To try to take a hold of Orlando, which he saw as it was about to explode because of Disney World and sure enough.
  And he was very, very smart about it.
  It's the next big there's going to be so many construction workers, new restaurants everywhere.
  So so he's trying to become a theme restaurant titan.
  Right.
 So he buys shares of the best so that he can launch his biggest attack.
  Because I think he's already got the kernel of like I need to do the biggest and the best.
  I need to learn from the biggest.
 Yeah.
  I have a quote from him in 1988.
  He set his sights on a small music theme chain of restaurants that was based in London at seven locations.
  It was called Hard Rock Cafe.
  I fell in love with it, says Earl and thought I could grow it both in profitability and size and managed to do that.
  Well, so he did.
 He doubled it.
  Yeah, he loved it.
  I fell in love.
 Eric Clapton's guitar.
  You know, it's crazy that I went to London when I was in second grade or when I was like eight years old.
  And I think we did go like Hard Rock Cafe was viewed differently at one point where it wasn't like it was like, oh, a cool place to go.
  Yeah.
 Like a complete trash dump.
  Yeah.
 In London.
 Yeah, it was cool when it opened.
  Yeah, it actually had a cool air.
  Because there was nowhere to get a real American burger or real American barbecue.
  Yeah, what was the corporate history like your bank where banker and bread maker can break bread together.
  Awful.
 These people are all horrible.
  So anyway, so Robert Earl and I'll say this again, allegedly from a lawsuit that happened.
  Yes.
  He is like, I'm going to.
 All right.
  I will grow Hard Rock Cafe and then I will take everything that I learned and I will bring it to my own restaurant, which he did eventually.
  Planet Hollywood with a guy, Keith Barish, whose son later started Black Tap Burgers and said this is where all of the restaurants we've been talking about all tie together.
  So he's like a weird little like agent within Hard Rock Cafe, learning everything he can and even dissuading them from doing things they want to do.
  They really want to expand in Las Vegas.
  And he's like, Vegas is trashy.
 It's a bunch of it's commercial crap that don't go to Vegas.
  I don't approve.
 And then, of course, Planet Hollywood is all over Vegas.
  He was like trying to chase him out of town, essentially, like planting the seeds.
  Wasn't there a casino? Was there a plant?  Still is.
 Oh, there's still a hotel.
  Well, there's a hotel.
 But he was the owner of that story is tragic because it was the Aladdin.
  Right.
 And America just said we got to get racist like after 9 11 that the Aladdin, even though like people's perception was like, well, we don't want to go there.
  Really? That's why they had their.
 Yes.
 That is why.
  But Aladdin is a beloved cartoon.
  It doesn't matter.
 It doesn't matter.
  Wow.
  People were so so many people were so freaked out after 9 11.
  They're like, well, we can't go to the Middle Eastern because so they rebranded it.
  They were losing a lot of money.
  That's then they rebranded it to the Planet Hollywood Casino, which is funny because the Planet Hollywood restaurant is across the street at Caesars.
  Or one place.
  Yeah.
  It's in another place.
  That's insane.
 A magic carpet didn't fly into the towers.
  Yeah.
  I'm not proud of this, but on September 12th, I was in Disney and Aladdin came out and I was like, get him out of here.
  I chased him off.
 I feel really bad about it now.
  Yeah.
  You chased him out.
  He's laid a charge of other racist children.
  Racist children.
  But that's why there's still the buffet there is still called like the the spice road or something.
  It still has a lingering name from the end of course.
  You know, you can find in the Planet Hollywood Casino an Earl of Sandwich.
  Of course.
  Yep.
 Of course.
 Why would you not?  He is so he was getting gambling.
  Bring me something.
  But I can keep playing Keno.
  The origins.
  He bought it.
  He bought the casino, but then he has sold the casino since.
  OK, I believe so.
  It's to Harris because there's only a couple different MGM Harris and then like Steve Wynn.
  So like about I think it was already like in 2010 he sold he still gets like a licensing right for the name.
  Oh, but he does money from it.
  Yeah.
  But now he does watch casino yesterday.
  I can't do it.
  Yeah.
  Irishmen.
  Oh, yeah.
 I've never actually finished them.
  I could have watched.
  You never seen Casino.
  Yeah, I haven't finished.
  Wow.
 That's stupid.
  I need to.
 It's really good.
  You got to.
 You saw the Irishmen or no?  Yeah.
  I love it.
  I saw.
 Yeah, it's great.
  That's great.
  I love Pesci.
  Hasn't missed a beat.
  Oh, he's so good.
  I thought he was so good at that.
  He's so good.
  Yeah.
  I also it's sad because I because there's aging technology.
  I don't know what how old Pesci looks like right now.
  I'm not sure how old he looks.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We're like the same thing with De Niro.
  I'm like, is De Niro like as old as he is at the end of the movie now or is he like what level old is he?  I have no idea.
  They make him look pretty bad.
  They make him look pretty shitty.
  I hope Pesci isn't what he is at the end.
  Yeah, I hope not.
  Oh, God.
  I hope he isn't for a long time.
  Yeah.
  She's wonderful.
  Pacino is so funny at that.
  He seems like he is having so much fun.
  Oh, he's great.
  He's so good at it.
  Pacino is yelling.
  You're happy.
  Sure.
  You're having a blast.
  And Adam Levine is really good.
  Adam Levine.
  I'm sorry.
  He's really good.
  Like, oh my God.
  The aging technology, he still looks really good.
  He looks better older even.
  He's still got those beautiful eyes.
  And when he's like a little baby too, they go like they show them when they're like babies.
  Baby Yoda.
  He's baby Yoda-esque.
  Oh, that's right.
  The baby is him.
  I didn't put that together.
  Yeah, yeah.
  When they find Baby Adam Levine made a play for control of the Teamsters.
  I've heard that the Mandalorian uses the Irishman technology.
  They actually have the Yoda puppet.
  Oh, yeah.
  And they use that technology to make him look like baby Yoda.
  They scanned his face with the THD.
  Okay, so all this to say that I just find it funny that he's like he's like waiting  and then he strikes and like I have my own restaurant idea and I'm going to use everything  I learned.
  And then Morton, who hated him from day one, sues him for 1.
5 billion dollars.
  Wow.
  Stallone's part of the suit.
  Schwarzenegger's part of the suit.
  And they're bitterly exchanging words all over the trades.
  The stock price is plummeting.
  It's a big like they go to they do turf wars.
  Like they're moving to Toronto.
  We're going to Toronto to we're going to chase him out of town.
  Bitter rivalry between these two.
  And while Hard Rock Hard Rock probably won ultimately because there's so many more of  those, Earl escaped, you know, Scott Free and the suit was dismissed.
  So he didn't Hard Rock didn't successfully sue.
  But there's one thing and here's what here's what I've been getting to.
  He also he was a thorn in the side of Morton, the owner, because he suggested a lot of ideas  that they didn't want to do.
  They like just like you guys come to my restaurant.
  He's like tossing out ideas left and right.
  And one of his ideas and he's he was excited enough about this to talk to New York magazine  about it.
  One an idea to keep the restaurant fresh is a cartoon called The Hard Rock Rascals.
  Oh, I did not see this.
  And the plot of Hard Rock Rascals would be Janis Joplin, Elvis Presley, John Lennon and  Jimi Hendrix, or at least characters based on them, discover an old jukebox that transports  them to Rockopolis and teaches them about the origins of music.
  Wow.
  How did we not get that?  That is the 90s.
  The perfect 90s artifact that doesn't exist.
  Is this idea still up for grabs?  Can we get if they didn't make it?  I think cartoon like coming out, yes, coming.
  There's a Netflix cartoon.
  Yes, but that's not going to be this because that doesn't have a job.
  Why are they rascals?  Why are they Hard Rock?  Are they little kids?  I think what this is.
  Yeah, I think it's like Little Rascals.
  I think what this is, this is Muppet Babies.
  It's a Muppet Babies of John Lennon.
  Yeah, they were all friends somehow in their own areas.
  They're all who learn about rock from a jukebox, even though they had to be born before rock  and roll, a horny Elvis baby.
  That's wow.
  And he's like, you're very much.
  He dates like he dates like an angel that's not even born yet.
  A pre soul that hasn't made it into a body.
  She's negative three.
  Oh my God.
  World.
  Yeah, I feel about that.
  Rascal Elvis.
  This is a bit dicey.
  This is hacky of me, but I can't help but think about it.
  Yes, please.
  Of what it was like.
  It must've been terrifying to have Arnold Schwarzenegger and Stallone yelling at you,  like to have both of those guys mad at you.
  Yeah.
  And being like, like just like screaming at you.
  I don't know what you want.
  Just like screaming at you about the restaurant must've been terrifying.
  The both strong guys.
  Yeah.
  And you're just like, no, I want to do it my way.
  Like he was just being like a little shit.
  Not to that.
  No, there is buddies.
  Oh, there's buddies.
  Okay.
  Still he's producing expendables for them.
  Oh, so they were.
  Yeah.
  We get along great.
  They're buff like construction workers.
  It's possible they've had beefs.
  But they were yelling at the Morton's.
  Who, who, who were they?  Who, who, who was the last guy?  This guy is an enemy of Morton who runs Hard Rock Cafe and suggests, which should be a cartoon  is Hard Rock Rascals.
  He is.
  He was right.
  I think he was right.
  We're how, look how delighted we are all by this idea.
  We would have already done a couple episodes about this if it existed.
  So yeah.
  Yeah.
  I mean, that could be future podcasts is just doing radio plays of Hard Rock Rascals.
  Are there scripts?  Like, you know, there's all those Star Wars scripts, George Lucas commission, but they  never made for the TV show.
  Are there, is there a full season of Hard Rock Rascals?  There will be.
  There can be.
  All you need is a little bit of imagination, a little bit of will and final draft.
  That's true, but a dream.
  I'd rather have the Earl, you know, written one little spot.
  He was writing them.
  Well, at least at least having them oversee, like, like George Lucas.
  I'm Jimi Hendrix.
  He's doing the voices.
  Yeah, I think he's.
  Oh, that's even better.
  I think Planet Hollywood really haze running through my bottle.
  Imagine all the people pooping in that diapers.
  We got to get him.
  Take a take another little poop from my diaper, baby.
  It's a British man voicing a baby Janis Joplin.
  Yeah.
  Come to my birthday party.
  I'm having it at the kids zone called Ultimont.
  Some great security.
  My memory of childhood.
  Wait, no, no, you're about to do it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Me and Bubba McGee, the like Bob, Bob.
  My bottle is Bob on the game.
  What's this?  An old jukebox.
  What's it say on it?  Passport to Rockopolis.
  Should we touch it, baby Elvis?  My friend wrote a few songs that are really bonkers.
  Little Charlie Manson.
  I like them being adults and then going to Rockopolis.
  Then they're the then they're the babies.
  I think that's even more fun.
  That's what it is that they go until they get to Rockopolis.
  They become they found an old jukebox and it took them to Rockopolis and then they became  rascals.
  They're heart rock rascals.
  They were rock stars and now they're babies.
  Heart rock rascals.
  Rocking their way to your heart.
  My memory, real life childhood memory of playing Hollywood is that stuff started going downhill  when in the early years they would brag about in our chicken fingers.
  They're rolled in Captain Crunch.
  They're sweet.
  They're only Captain Crunch and Corn Flakes.
  And when they lost, when they stopped paying the license and when it just said they're  rolled in sweet cereal, I was like, something happened.
  It's like fun.
  That was like a kid.
  Like you get the kids attention to me.
  I was like, chicken Captain Crunch chicken tenders.
  Yeah.
  And so what I wonder what they were.
  I wonder what sweet cereal.
  Could they even use Captain Crunch anymore or was it like me or like Robert or falling  out with Captain Crunch?  Go fuck yourself, Captain.
  Or the or the disrespecting his service.
  Wait, what did he say?  What did Captain Crunch sound like?  They're great.
  Wait, that's what I thought too.
  Well they're out of here.
  They're great.
  I use it too.
  Yar.
  Although the Earl of Sandwich was a Navy man and Captain Crunch was a Navy man.
  So maybe that was the conflict.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Different wings.
  We could have won Waterloo if you had followed my advice.
  I guess they did win Waterloo.
  Oh, I forget.
  We know militaries.
  Yeah.
  I was busy following my nose.
  That's another cereal thing I say as well.
  Yar.
  The point is Robert Earl, I mean look, we'd all just lit up at an idea of his.
  Yeah.
  There's something magnetic about this man.
  I mean everybody describes him as charismatic.
  He lights up a room clearly and I feel like when you're asking why does this okay sandwich  place come back from the dead, it's got to be just the sheer force of will and probably  from him go like construction workers, start putting it back up.
  Make it happen again.
  He had, he was saying there's an interview with him.
  He was having, he had a couple rough years when like Planet Hollywood stuff went down  but he said it was like most of, 26 years of his like 30 years of his restaurant career  were meteoric.
  Meteoric?  That is shocking.
  It is so hard to open and maintain a restaurant.
  Yeah.
  And.
  Alone like you know 300 of them.
  Yeah.
  The advice he was going to give himself, he said if like if somebody asked him like advice  you would have given yourself and he said maybe focus on one instead of opening up a  bunch because that's what he did.
  He got two you know.
  But that also works.
  Like opening up a bunch works.
  That's true.
  I mean Planet Hollywood fell apart but it is still you know, I mean that went from 300  to six.
  Four.
  But the brand's still around.
  You think he'd give us the advice maybe focus on one episode a week instead of a bunch daily?  I think he would appreciate the ambition.
  Even the inventiveness like the Hard Rock Rascals that were with his characters.
  He would say like I only have one note.
  You're all babies.
  Pretend you're all babies.
  Pretend you're all babies.
  Crawl around, clap your arms to and fro.
  Goo goo gaga says Jason.
  Goo goo gaga.
  Well there you have it.
  You were roped into an early sandwich experience.
  I hope you had a decent time.
  I had a great time.
  I guess Mike Mitchell you survived podcast The Ride but now I don't know what happens  exactly.
  He missed the sector keeper earlier so I don't even know if he's.
  Yeah we kind of just didn't even want to bring him in.
  This is a boss level.
  And he's not here.
  And yeah this is a boss level.
  So this is usually the point where the sector keeper gets possessed.
  So what happens instead?  Oh Mitch are you okay?  I'm not feeling so good guys.
  Mitch Mitch.
  What's happening Mitch?  Oh my god.
  It's me Robert Earl I've possessed Mitch.
  Oh no.
  A guest has been possessed.
  This is the first time this has happened.
  Oh my god I'm so sorry Mitch if you're in there I'm so sorry.
  We're all white.
  Mitch looks like where all my profits were going.
  Look at this big belly.
  Don't insult Mitch like that.
  That's not nice.
  He's lending you his body.
  Don't bang Mitch's belly like that.
  I can feel his big belly and his tiny little wanker.
  I can feel it.
  I can feel it.
  I can feel it.
  I can feel it.
  I can feel it.
  I can feel it.
  I can feel it.
  Oh my god so you're really experiencing his body.
  We do have a good opportunity here.
  Would you mind.
  I don't want to put it.
  Would you show Mitch's wanker?  Of course.
  Check it out everyone.
  Scott what the hell.
  Check it out.
  You're gonna get canceled.
  That's pretty small.
  Ordeal has made you weird.
  Guys it's Mitch Scott what are you doing?  It's me Robert Earl again.
  Oh no.
  Hey Mike were you just taking a picture of me in that one second that I was staring really  close at Mitch's dick?  Yeah because I was gonna cancel you later.
  Oh god.
  I don't think that is what I mean when there's a spirit involved I think the lines are blurred.
  Anyway let's deal with this for now.
  You guys I want you the podcast the ride to be my guest.
  Tonight you're eating dirt.
  What?  Dirt?  Yes I'm gonna kill you.
  Oh okay.
  Oh no.
  We're gonna use your construction worker friends to dig graves for us.
  I got all my best friends here the construction workers.
  I see them they're appearing oh no.
  The expendables grab them boys.
  All the expendables.
  Put your hands on them like I put my hands on all my guests.
  Oh no.
  Terry Crews is holding my arms.
  Now make them do the man Pete dance.
  Don Blundgren is touching my lower back and we make it to high high hopes for the living.
  That's very demeaning.
  And I put my spell of cobs on you so now you're tied and slow while doing this.
  Oh no.
  This is a very jet lead I think.
  Get off me.
  This is a discernible variety of bread.
  It's not quite your body.
  It's not quite French.
  It's weird.
  Yes tonight's the lifestyles of the bread and the dead.
  Oh my god that's a clever.
  That would be a great actual like horror movie.
  His titles are good.
  You can't just mitch his wit.
  Do you have Robert what are other ideas for TV shows?  Anything else that could be a rat skull?  Nah moving on.
  You're right we should uh.
  Hey we need to focus on getting him the fuck out of here.
  What do we have in the inventory?  We can't get much at this level.
  We've got a pitcher of sangria and Carly gave us those Lego avatars very nicely even though  we allocated the Lego store to a different stage.
  But we have our little selves.
  Hey you know what we should do?  We should send those Lego guys up as urethra.
  Oh good idea.
  No just like they did to Jaja.
  Climb up his peel.
  First block it so Mitch can't reproduce and then go up into the brain and get Earl out  of there.
  Alright little fella.
  Pull the avatars out.
  Put this helmet on.
  Hey best of luck.
  Hey do you know what today you're joining Cranium Command.
  Go little guys.
  There they go.
  Scurry scurry.
  Oh it actually feels okay.
  I actually kind of like it.
  I'm getting off on it mate.
  Oh that's weird.
  Is having those characters in Mitch's dick actually making Mitch's dick bigger?  Yes it looks pretty nice actually.
  It's a decent size now.
  Oh wait but they're moving through.
  They're moving up to your brain.
  I can see I have a neural connection to my avatar like in the movie Avatar.
  Oh did you plug your braid into that Lego's body?  I plugged my braid into the Lego's into the KCK man.
  Oh yeah.
  Wow so you're connected to one of those things called avatars.
  Cool.
  That's right.
  You can see inside Mitch's body.
  It's a little rough.
  It's okay.
  No judgment.
  We're all getting older.
  What are you seeing in there?  What organ would you see that was like?  I see the wrappers of all the food.
  The wrappers?  You're telling me that he eats the wrappers with the food on it?  Is that what you're saying?  Well it's like a movie.
  It's like Rick and Ralph when you see all the logos.
  You see all the logos.
  Mitch has got to learn to not eat the wrappers.
  It's like Osmosis Jones.
  There's a city in here.
  Why did I choose to possess this one?  He seems the dumbest.
  He's eaten wrappers left and right.
  A very poor possession on your part Mr.
 Earl.
  You don't make every good decision.
  Sometimes you make the bad ones.
  No.
  Like opening restaurants too quickly or letting Legos climb up a peel into your brain.
  The avatars are free climbing his spinal column like Free Solo which you can now watch on  Disney Plus.
  They're almost at the brain.
  Good point Jason.
  They're going to make it like Free Solo.
  Spoiler.
  Spoiler alert.
  The man does not fall to his death.
  Are they in the brain yet?  They're at the brain.
  They're at the brain.
  Oh they're seeing all of his good ideas.
  They're seeing all the good ideas.
  Quick voice.
  Give them to me.
  I want them.
  No.
  Quick voice.
  Activate the areas.
  Activate the areas of bad memories.
  The Tiffs with Stallone and Schwarzenegger.
  The Tiffs with Morton.
  No.
  The bad memories.
  They're flooding back.
  No.
  Schwarzenegger's screaming at you.
  No.
  Inflicts in his muscles.
  There's only one way out of this.
  I'm going to touch my juke magic jukebox.
  Oh we brought his magic jukebox with him.
  No.
  And turn into a little baby.
  Wait.
  Mitch is now a baby.
  Mitch is now a baby.
  Oh no.
  There he goes.
  Wait.
  Mitch is?  Well the body is.
  No.
  What I'm seeing is Mitch is a baby.
  I'm seeing Mitch is a baby.
  His wanker still looks the same to me.
  Teeny tiny baby.
  That didn't change you anyway.
  That didn't change Robert Earl.
  Okay.
  Well then I think what we have to do is maybe we need to make baby Mitch man up by giving  him a full pitcher of sangria to himself.
  Here you go little baby.
  Here you go little baby.
  I'm going to cancel you.
  I'm helping you like the Mandalorian.
  Guys.
  Oh the avatars are climbing out of Mitch's ear and he's back to full size.
  That's what happened.
  Well to be honest.
  Long story my man.
  Yeah but Robert Earl possessed you and some Legos crawled up your pee hole.
  Jesus Christ.
  Am I going to be okay?  The way you're eating I don't know.
  What?  What did he say?  Well even going to Hogwarts you unwrap the food on Doughboys before you eat it right?  Huh?  Never mind.
  I think you're going to be fine.
  You're going to be fine.
  Look at your dinner partners the next time you're eating with folks.
  The point.
  Oh my god.
  I said you survived podcast the ride preemptively.
  Now Mike Mitchell you survived podcast the ride.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  God guys.
  I can't believe it.
  I felt the evil force in my body and I just felt it go away after I drank that sangria.
  That was all it took.
  Just feeding a child sangria is what did it.
  You guys are heroes.
  Yes.
  Feeding a child sangria.
  Forcing liquor onto a little baby.
  You beat Robert Earl.
  I feel pretty good about it.
  Maybe I'll go giving liquor to babies more often.
  Wait and look.
  Look at the coffee table.
  A giant toasted party sub is appearing.
  It must be the item.
  Is it a gobbler?  It's a big gobbler.
  It's a party sub sized toasted gobbler wrapped in that sort of unnerving Earl of Sandwich  tin foil we didn't get a chance to talk about.
  Oh with the Union Jack.
  It's weird right.
  It has kind of a Union Jack but it crinkles so easily.
  It just makes me think of Austin Powers' underwear.
  But that's cool.
  It is cool.
  He is cool.
  Like eating hair.
  Like the lettuce at Earl of Sandwich.
  Yeah.
  Lettuce.
  I'll get you next time podcast the ride boys.
  Oh wow.
  Geez.
  His spirit flying away.
  Perhaps to Rockopolis.
  Yeah I think he went to Rockopolis.
  Where hopefully he stays.
  Yeah.
  Unless.
  Teaser.
  Unless he comes back somehow.
  I guess we'll have to see.
  Oh boy.
  Guys that was wild.
  Wow that was really insane.
  And if you see any photos posted later that appear to be me and you in this room and I'm  looking at your penis that's been unzipped those are clearly deep fakes.
  Oh wow.
  Geez.
  You're so specific about what the deep fake will be.
  I don't know.
  I just got a vision.
  It must have been like a cosmic thing from all these spirits being around.
  I don't know why I said those specific words.
  That's why I wanted to but one last question before I go.
  Why am I wearing a diaper?  Hmm.
  Well.
  That's just a little idea for you.
  It's between you and your god I guess to sort out.
  I just a little lifestyle suggestion for you.
  You know have some fun with it.
  Alright hell yeah.
  See what possibilities it opens up.
  Yeah you don't have to go to the bathroom now.
  That's a good point.
  You can record whenever you want.
  This is a great idea.
  Yeah.
  Now you can just be podcasting nonstop without even bathroom breaks.
  Yeah that thing.
  The podcast fan's dream.
  All your fan's dream.
  The podcast.
  Learn the Mayor Pete dance.
  Like yeah.
  And then make a shit in your diaper.
  A little diaphy.
  Mitch thanks for being here.
  Thanks for having me guys.
  Any exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  No.
  The Tomorrow War in 2020.
  Yeah.
  Do you mean the movie or the actual war that's coming?  There's going to be a Tomorrow War in 2020.
  US versus Rockopolis.
  Well I'm enlisting.
  What a battle it will be.
  We'll destroy those babies pretty easy.
  Yeah fuck those rascals.
  And then Doughboyz on Head Gum and the Patreon.
  Give it a listen.
  Yeah.
  Yeah great show.
  That's it.
  Fun stuff.
  Indeed.
  I wonder if you'll be the last Doughboy of the series.
  I wonder yeah.
  Question mark.
  Hmm.
  Anyway as for the rest of the stuff.
  Y'all came from the underworld.
  Hopefully you came from the underworld but if you didn't all those episodes are still  available at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride and as always for more podcast the ride  and more downtown Disney or deal hashtag DDD oh hashtag save the level keeper and follow  us on Twitter Instagram and Facebook.
  We're heading towards the end.
  Only one more level left.
  Yeah.
  Tomorrow it starts tomorrow starts the end.
  Great.
  Fall out of all our good intentions.
  Goodbye to Lee do.
  So yeah.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson Jason Sheridan Scott  Gardner Brett Boehm Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows  on Apple podcasts Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever  dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
