 Forever, dog.
  Morning.
  Like an old episode of Double Dare, the following podcast will take you for a live studio audience in Orlando, Florida.
  In five days, the three hosts have walked a combined total of 286,770 steps, and yet thanks to a diet consisting entirely of treats, we are in extremely poor physical health.
  If this theater crashes into an adjacent theater, you'll find emergency toilets under every scene.
  Live exactly seven miles away from Botanicus.
  You know, it's Podcast the Ride.
  Podcast the Ride!  Wow!  Wow!  Thank you so much!  Wow!  Hi! Hello!  Oh my god, so many folks!  Hi folks! Welcome to Podcast the Ride, a podcast about theme parks that is finally being recorded in the theme park capital of the world!  Oh, my name is Scott Gardner, hello!  I'm Jason Sheridan.
 Thank you.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
 Thank you.
  Wow!  Go ahead.
  Honestly, I really didn't have anything to say.
  I was going to say we're.
.
.
  I'll say, yeah, we're happy to be here.
  Also, the thing with our phone.
.
.
  So, you were supposed to be able to cue keynote from an iPhone, and both of our.
.
.
  Don't tell, don't bore them with this.
  Both of our phones failed at the same time.
  We have a topic that has a lot of meat on the bone, and you're wasting their time.
  Oh, it's fine.
 For once.
 For once we do.
  People love it.
 People love a little, you know.
.
.
  Here's what happened.
 Sure, yes.
  Here's the.
.
.
 Well, here's what's happening, or here's what's been happening this week, is that we all, for the first time as a podcast host trio, have been to Disney World together, to Universal Studios together.
  It's been amazing.
 We actually all, for the first time ever, the three of us, entered Disney World exactly two years to the day we released the first podcast, The Ride.
  Yeah!  The day of!  And now we've got all you folks here, which is incredible.
  And actually, to that end, we have some questions for you folks.
  How many people work in the parks?  Oh, yeah.
  That's a ton.
 Oh my god.
  Okay, so let's divide it up then.
  Where's the Disney folks?  Universal?  Sea World?  Yes!  Good.
  Good.
  Good.
  We asked for this specifically.
  No Sea World employees were allowed to purchase tickets tonight.
  Yeah, after what they've done.
  So, the other thing, I mean, we are here specifically because of SAC Comedy Lab, which is an incredible venue.
  Thank you, SAC!  Everybody here has gone just above and beyond in making us feel welcome and given us a lot of fun.
  It's been such a fantastic place.
  And hey, other comedy podcasts, come here.
 It's been wonderful.
  And another thing that I really like about SAC is that we are, so we're sort of in the Church Street Station area in Orlando,  which is the, like, what was the more vibrant nightclub region of Orlando until Disney stole the idea and built their own.
  But my favorite thing about the area that we are right now is that we, just two blocks west of this theater,  is the former office of boy band mogul Lou Pearlman.
  He worked right around here.
  He ran a $300 million Ponzi scheme in this very neighborhood.
  And incidentally, his organization is where we got these headset mics from.
  It's kind of a sort of a garage.
 These used to belong to O-Town.
  Now we get to use them.
  If anyone, by the way, has any information on the location of O-Town, please, the authorities are standing by.
  They have not solved Lou Pearlman's riddles yet.
  Well, okay.
 And we, you know, while also while we're talking about, you know, asking what you folks are up to,  I think there's somebody in the audience who we'd like to point out specifically.
  Is the person around who was at the Chicago show and the Orlando.
 Is that you, sir?  Water here.
 Wait.
 You know, come up real quick.
  Yeah, come up.
  Okay.
 Hey, come on up.
 Oh, my God.
 Hello.
 What's your name?  Brian.
 Brian.
 Okay.
  Brian.
 Brian's here.
 Brian was at our Chicago show we did recently.
  And we were doing a little like we were tossing out prizes and we realized you came from the furthest.
  But there's somebody else who really wanted to give something to you, too.
  So we've had a week in the parks and we've thought this through and Jason, take it from here.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
 Brian, you know, you go to two states to see our show.
  There's only one word to describe that family.
  The concept that Dominic Toretto of Fast and Furious Supercharged.
  Which according to a game in the app, the Universal app is the character that I am closest to.
  So, you know, we got something to honor our family member.
  This is a beer koozie that says family forever on the front.
  And on the back, it says cars come and go.
  But respect lasts forever.
  Right.
 And also, I wedged some hotel shampoo and conditioner in there.
  Because when I asked for a couple more, they left me a bag of eight because I guess they knew I was coming.
  So here you are.
 Yeah.
 Thank you so much.
  Thank you.
 Thank you, Brian.
  Brian, if we need to if we need to put a crew together, we're going to call you.
  Just letting you know.
 Are you going to ask him if he was a good wheel man?  We know he is.
  So with all that past us, we should talk about our trip a little bit.
  Yeah.
 Sunday.
 All right.
  Highlights, gentlemen.
  Well, who wants to start? So well, too many visuals.
  Do you have those ready to go? Of course, I have those ready to go.
  I was just going to say, I just want to get a little bit of a gauge because there's people we post a little bit on the Twitter, the social media.
  So people have been asking.
 And I think the first question they have for you is count on how many scoops of ice cream.
  Great.
 And how many hot dogs?  Hot dogs only at one scoops of ice cream in the last two days, up to five.
  And one truffle that they like scoop out the chocolate and then dip in liquid nitrogen.
  Yeah.
 Some people know they know it's great.
  Epcot food and wine.
  And a lot of people I've been look, I've been I kind of was mingling about and I could hear people asking this question.
  How many times did Jason Sheridan go to Chicken Guy?  And the answer is, well, we went one night.
  Yes, we did.
 I've been once.
  And the following day, after a brief nap, I went back.
  Two times.
  You try to find a six dollar property, six dollar sandwich somewhere else on Disney property.
  And we are we are now members of the Sauce Squad.
  The Sauce Squad.
 We are in the Sauce Squad.
  Who here is a member of the Sauce Squad?  Yeah, they all came together.
  If we're going to do a mission, we're going to call on you.
  You're going to be our Sauce Squad.
  So great.
 So two chicken guys.
  Any sauces you'd like to name check?  Donkey sauce.
  Avocado crema.
  Yes.
  The blue cheese, honestly, was great.
  Oh, audience.
  Descent, descent on this issue.
  Fair enough.
  Wow, you're really making them.
  Did somebody shout out one habanero?  Who's that? What's everyone's favorite?  Nasha Ha.
  They're all good.
  Oh, that's nice.
  It is now clear this could have been the main topic.
  We worked too hard.
 We over got it.
  Yes, we did.
  So, yeah.
 So highlights.
  How's your trip going?  My trip's going great because I've been a very brave boy.
  Yes.
  Seeking applause on this.
 I did it for you.
  I've done it for you.
  Let me do the list.
  Rides I've been afraid of my entire life.
  I have done this week and had a great time.
  Tower of Terror.
  Yeah.
  Now I know the thing crawls.
  You go through and the line opens up.
 It's really cool.
  Expedition Everest.
  Yes.
  Close my eyes.
  We're still cool.
  Rock and roller coaster.
  Revenge of the Mummy.
  Hagrid's.
  We managed to do it.
  We did it.
  Too much to say about it, but we did it.
  But with that and the sheer amount of launches between all of these things,  I think I genuinely get to call myself a launch queen.
  Thank you.
  Now can I just pull out my phone and just have you,  can I just call my mom and just have you guys all vouch that I'm doing well?  Everything's like, okay, okay.
  Please do not tell my mother about this show.
  My mother today, just today emailed me and said,  what's up with this picture of you and a goat?  Because I went to Rafiki's Planet Watch and I went,  oh no, she figured out Google.
  She figured out how to look up what I am doing.
  And the thing that you're worried about is being pictured brushing a goat?  No, I'm just saying like the machine have come alive.
  The machines have gained sentience.
  She's figured out how to search for it now.
  So she can like look at your old lewd tweets.
  Oh yeah.
  Uh oh.
  Get deleting.
  No, no.
  No time.
  Yeah, we should.
  We should just do that in general.
  Yeah, me too.
  Everyone should.
  I have one more thing to say about, you know, all of that was very thrilling.
  But you don't just come to theme parks for the thrill,  you come for the emotion, you come to watch something stirring.
  There's nothing more stirring in any of the parks than the American Adventure.
  So amazing to see and especially amazing to see the new movie at the end.
  If you don't know this attraction,  there's a little film that they update every once in a while with some of the greatest Americans,  the people who really represent the American story.
  And I was just so happy to see that they have recently updated this attraction  with everyone's two favorite Americans, Neil deGrasse Tyson and Mark Zuckerberg.
  Yes.
  Yeah, they put this in 20 months ago, I believe,  and the imaginers are thinking, all right, cool, should be fine, should be set.
  It's not like 20 months is enough time for everyone to decide that they despise Mark Zuckerberg.
  It's not like this week everyone will start despising Mark Zuckerberg even more.
  A hell of a week to see it.
  Yeah, yeah, wonderful.
  Very emotional.
  I think there's many highlights of the trip, but I do think I hit a peak very early.
  The Epcot series Eat to the Beat.
  Oh.
  I was lucky enough to sit and watch 20 minutes of The Baja Men.
  And I will, I'm look, I'm full of irony.
  I'm so sorry.
  It's the way my brain processes everything.
  Love, kindness, it all comes out with irony.
  That being said, The Baja Men were awesome.
  And I mean that sincerely.
  One of The Baja Men does backflips.
  And not just a backflip and stops.
  Backflip, backflip, backflip, backflip.
  And it is a show stopper.
  And people were there.
  Like I saw Mickey Thomas and Starship like last year at Eat to the Beat.
  So they're always there.
  And they have some hits.
  We love those hits.
  The audience was asleep.
  And they kind of came to life during We Built This City, which is a great song.
  Not the mannequin song?  Not the mannequin song.
  Something's going to stop us now?  They were asleep?  Well, honestly that might have been in one of the like the eight o'clock set.
  Oh sure.
  You got to mix it up.
  They do three sets at Eat to the Beat.
  So like Everclear spaces out their hits.
  That all sound very similar.
  Now do The Baja Men space out their hits?  I believe they play Who Let the Dogs Out every set.
  So people were loving it.
  They were on their feet.
  They were getting everyone.
  They were so excited.
  People were so excited by The Baja Men.
  Someone recognized me later from just enjoying the concert.
  I was sitting down eating in the dark.
  And a woman with her husband and daughter were like,  Oh, you were the one on Instagram during The Baja Men.
  And I said, Oh, yeah, yeah.
  And she's like, Oh, what's your Instagram?  And I was like, Well, it's podcast.
  And I was like, I don't know if this is your thing.
  She's like, Oh, well, check.
  She looked at her daughter.
  She's like, Do you know that one?  And they're here tonight.
  Yeah.
  So and she, the daughter was honestly very nice.
  She's like, Oh, I think so.
  You love to see it.
  You love to see.
  Yeah.
  So anyway, next time they're in town, check The Baja Men out.
  Yeah.
  Want to do our backflips now?  Yeah.
  We're doing it.
  The listener can't see, but we're doing it.
  Oh my God.
  So you know.
  Yeah.
  Six and six and seven and eight.
  Great.
  Yeah.
  We all did eight.
  Jason, Jason got something.
  He won.
  Oh, right.
  Yes.
  I was very excited this trip because I had a couple of chances to go hang out at the Boardwalk  Resort.
  My family always loved that hotel and I just read about a thing at the Boardwalk and I was  so excited to see it in person.
  Mike, can you bring up that bad boy?  Great.
  So some of you clearly know what this is.
  Some of you are rightly horrified.
  These are called nanny chairs.
  These are theme park history.
  These are obviously replicas.
  I believe they used an original mold though.
  These were what were on carousels for adults to ride while children rode horses.
  This is before they figured out they could just bolt a bench in.
  So there's two of these usually in the lobby and then there's two I don't know where but  somewhere else and they have names on the back Paul, Todd, Carrie and Alexander.
  Did I get those right?  Yes.
  You're a fan of the chairs.
  But apparently they do move around.
  Like Paul isn't always upstairs.
  Carrie isn't always down.
  So like check out the ghoulish chairs the next time you're at the very expensive hotel  tour right under the tiny replica of Lucy the elephant, the elephant drinking.
  Yeah.
  So nanny chairs.
  Good luck sleeping tonight.
  Sorry.
  Huh.
  Creepy chairs.
  Creepy chairs.
  And that people knew and applauded for.
  Incredible.
  Wow.
  Okay.
  So with all that out of the way it's time to talk topic.
  Now we you know we talked to there's so much stuff you know in this week alone we've done  300 things that we hadn't done before.
  There's so much to do here.
  It could be creepy chairs the whole time.
  It could be chicken it very well could be could have been the Skyliner.
  That kind of wanted it to be.
  We all loved the Skyliner.
  I loved it.
  I was a little bit scared.
  Those landings and those takeoffs.
  But like when it gets to that high height I kind of like there's a little something  in my brain that says no.
  But anyway it's nice.
  I like it.
  I do like it.
  Yep.
  But not the topic.
  Definitely today we're thinking maybe the topic could have been the street that we named  at Margaritaville Resort Orlando where we walked around.
  For anybody who doesn't know way before the podcast Dustin our friend Anthony Gio who  we should have on more often.
  More yeah.
  Sent a list of a hundred street names unprovoked to this resort.
  And they took one and that is Dreamsicle Drive.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  It was thrilling to go to a place where the leftovers had happened.
  People had been called up to heaven.
  But not not every other person.
  Every person had been disappeared by some sort of force.
  We were walking around this Margaritaville whatever resort and Jason kept going I don't  feel good.
  I did not.
  I want to get out of here.
  The one character in the big short goes to like a town where every like it's just unfinished  developments and I'm like oh no I'm living that weird scene.
  We all love the big short.
  We all remember it very well.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So we'll cover that.
  We'll cover everything.
  We'll cover every like house on our streets.
  It's a lovely place.
  You know what ultimately at the end of the day we couldn't do some obscure little thing.
  This is a this is a big city for us to be in.
  This is a big show for us to be doing and we had to do a legitimately big topic which  is scary for us because we love to parse them.
  We love to do the little micro topics.
  But we wanted to do something big for you guys.
  Even though we're scared we thought what we need to do is rise to the challenge.
  Oh.
  Yeah.
  I got it.
  I believe Scott I believe the yeah the word you're looking for is.
  Seva.
  Seva.
  Seva.
  Seva.
  Seva.
  Seva.
  Let's do that.
  Do we want it again.
  We would.
  One more.
  One more.
  We're all shaving the song.
  Here we go.
  Now remember folks you can't do cultural appropriation if it's space aliens.
  So yeah we're in the clear.
  That was fine.
  We were all waving our it started as a back and forth sway.
  Started and then we started doing the.
  We were doing shame in a song.
  Arms really is what we were all doing.
  Switch to SpongeBob arms.
  It's kind of a mass happening.
  Can you imagine if anyone in the world saw that?  Like no context for what is happening in this room.
  So when we were setting up earlier someone walked in and was like oh is there a show  tonight.
  They went not to 930 and I was like oh bless God bless if they come back.
  What they're going to walk into sight unseen.
  Comedy.
  So let's wait let's be clear though what we're going to do we're talking about Avatar Flight  of Passage.
  Though as you'll see it may really be Avatar Flight of Passage the pre show.
  We're keeping our eyes on the clock and that'll help dictate that.
  OK so welcome to the Avatar episode.
  Can everyone see me OK?  Good.
  OK.
  Now.
  Now before we can begin our journey we almost honor the Navi by undergoing several important  rites of passage.
  First using powerful psionic amplification equipment we will blend our usual podcast  the ride logo with the sacred font of Pandora.
  OK and the font you'll recognize of course as Papyrus.
  Mike is it working OK?  Mike can you get it working?  I'm working on it.
  Mike Mike Mike Mike.
  One second one second.
  Can you hold on hold on everyone move your arms around.
  Yeah.
  Great.
  Great.
  OK.
  Whoa.
  Whoa.
  Wow.
  I never knew our logo could be so.
  Oh no.
  The computer rejected it.
  OK it's back.
  Oh phew I can never go without Papyrus in our logo again.
  Wow.
  Should we change it permanently?  Yes.
  Erin our graphic designer did this at gunpoint.
  Let me be very clear about that.
  OK so OK next.
  We have to establish a link between us and the main imagineer responsible for the world  of Pandora Joe Roady.
  And I think a lot of you know Joe Roady but if you don't.
  Joe Roady is an Imagineer who's very culturally versed he's very worldly and he has a very  particular fashion sense.
  Mike you want to remind people just what Joe Roady looks like.
  OK.
  So that is why to honor this man and the land that he created the three of us shall now  don Joe Roady earrings.
  Hold that hold that hold that.
  OK.
  Here wave your arms a little bit.
  Help Mike.
  Oh it's not working.
  Move around a little bit.
  The link's not.
  There's no match.
  You don't have a match this year.
  I put it on earlier but now it's a problem.
  Oh boy.
  If this was a very different kind of podcast we would have just pierced our ears live on  stage.
  Oh I got it on working.
  Hey there we go.
  All right.
  Now it's now it's set now we're ready to do it.
  And you know what like Joe Roady I should say Joe Roady likes to gather you know trinkets  and totems from places that he visits all over the world.
  And in keeping with that I want to say that these earrings all came from a store called  Icing at the Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg Illinois.
  The habitat of Mike Carlson.
  Yes I was born and raised there.
  And you'll get to hear all about it in five hours.
  Driving home.
  Driving home.
  Oh my god.
  When we take our inner mission.
  I hope everyone bought their pajamas.
  Well that's it.
  We're ready to we're ready to do it.
  We are ready to talk about Avatar Avatar flight of passage.
  Now this is just as we get going I just want to say this is one of those attractions.
  There's this newfangled thing in Disney attractions of the last few years where everything is  multiple things.
  You're in Star Wars Galaxies Edge which is in Batuu and specifically Black Spire Outpost.
  You're in Guardians of the Galaxy Mission Breakout where you visit the Tyvon collection  which is housed inside the collector's fortress.
  And in this one you are in Pandora the world of Avatar in the Valley of Moara visiting  the Pandoran Conservation Initiative working in tandem with Alpha Centauri Expeditions.
  And in this you're going to fly on a banshee which is also known as an Ikran.
  You will who you will fuse with Ikran in a process known as Ikni Maya.
  Ikni Maya.
  Ikni Maya.
  Now that is the flight of passage.
  But do not confuse it with Ikni Maya a region in the heavenly mountains.
  Context is important so make sure you know what's Ikni Maya you're referring to.
  You know what this actually brings up a good point.
  I think there's going to be a lot of terms we're going to be throwing out during the show.
  You better bit a verse.
  So I mean obviously like everyone scan this will have 30 seconds to learn it.
  Oh yeah yeah yeah.
  So like all Nagati kami is I see you.
  Okay.
  Obviously if you want to thank us at any point during the show for all this wonderful content.
  Ereo thanks.
  Yes.
  And what we would say to you is Frufian.
  We're happy to visit.
  So just obviously five more seconds and then you'll have this memorized.
  One two three four five.
  Got it.
  All right.
  We're good.
  And then.
  Well do we also.
  Is this a good time to talk about some of the characters who you meet.
  Yes.
  This is another thing you guys are going to have to know before we start.
  Yeah.
  So let's just we're going to bring up some of the famous characters from this ride.
  And it's going to be it's a little bit of a quiz.
  So we but we just want to make sure you're on the same page with us before we get into the queue of Flight of Passage.
  So OK here.
  This is Dr.
 Stevens.
  That's Dr.
 Stevens.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Keep going.
  OK.
  The Mighty Akron.
  And I'd like to do a quick side note.
  If you are all to Google the Mighty Akron the phrase the Mighty Akron the first two results are me.
  It's possible I made up the phrase the Mighty Akron.
  I didn't know this until this morning.
  You Mandela effect yourself.
  I thought that's something from the movie.
  It might not be.
  I may have created that phrase anyway.
  So the Mighty Akron aka the Banshee.
  And then I've already forgotten this character this creature's name Scott you have it.
  I think I know it somewhere.
  That is the Leon Lianna Tarex the great Leon Tarex or Leon Tarex Rex.
  Yes.
  Got it.
  Great.
  Got it.
  All right.
  Now this is this is Dr.
 Jackie Ogden.
  Now I want to make sure that you don't confuse her with Avatar movie character Dr.
 Grace Augustine.
  Never never.
  Dr.
 Ogden is not Dr.
 Augustine.
  Please remember that.
  So let's recap.
  This is Dr.
 Ogden and then this is also Dr.
 Ogden.
  She's on the contraption that would eventually be the queue the right excuse me.
  All right.
  Now this is Dr.
 Augustine.
  A CGI replication.
  Why you don't have an answer for why that one.
  I don't know.
  You have an answer of where that is from.
  I Google searched it and I just threw it into the presentation.
  This is Dr.
 Augustine as an avatar.
  And of course this is also Dr.
 Augustine who does not appear in the queue at all.
  So make sure you don't confuse her.
  Remember this.
  It doesn't matter.
  Yes.
  And then a couple of two quick other characters Parker Selfridge.
  No pop for Parker Selfridge.
  And then I think what it would.
  I guess that's it.
  I think that's it.
  No I saw something else.
  What do you mean?  That character looks cool.
  Parker Selfridge?  No it wasn't Parker Selfridge.
  He was looking for the unobtainium.
  Parker Selfridge is great.
  I love him.
  I saw something else.
  No it's not.
  That was it.
  That was it.
  That was all of it.
  No.
  No.
  It's Parker Selfridge.
  God damn.
  I will leave.
  I could be on these rides right now except not because they close around 10.
  I could be near them.
  I don't know what.
  Look maybe there's just maybe there's some sort of parasite in my system and we'll look at it later.
  Uh oh.
  Yes.
  There might be a parasite in all of our systems.
  We shall see.
  I mean I guess you could describe our insane theme park as a parasite.
  And you know what?  You've all got it.
  That's okay.
  It's pretty common around these parts.
  So I mean like before we get before we get in there is there anything we'd like to say about the queue before you meet all these these colorful characters.
  It's an amazing queue as everybody knows.
  Yeah it's very it's a it's very long.
  Sure.
  There's no bathroom.
  But they have a system now I believe.
  And correct me if I'm wrong where you can like get out of line and come back.
  Yes I'm hearing a yes.
  So there's that I hear they've corrected that on the rise of the resistance.
  Is that correct?  Someone back me up here.
  Oh hopefully.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  Now now am I just I'm confused maybe is flight of passage the ride where the like barbershop quartet sings at you until you're allowed to go on the ride.
  I think you're thinking of Jimmy Fallon.
  Oh okay okay.
  Grace Augustine Dr.
  Ogden Jimmy Fallon.
  And again you will not hear anything about race through New York with Jimmy Fallon.
  Unless you go behind the paywall.
  Coming soon coming soon.
  The queue is the queue is faint.
  Let's let's drop the jokes for a second.
  The queue is fantastic.
  It's great.
  Yeah.
  We got through it pretty quickly as we were like there at rope drop.
  We were very yes we were very shocked at how quick it went.
  Early but yeah and it's got you know I like it's got a move it's got movement.
  It's got you know there's the outside then there's the you know you have different settings.
  There's the lab with the scariest Navi in a tank.
  Yeah.
  There is it does everyone obviously knows this right.
  There's a eight foot tall life size Navi floating in liquid and it's just bobbing there.
  Good point.
  It's an avatar.
  It's not a Navi.
  Oh yeah.
  That's a body.
  You absolute dullard.
  Boo.
  Yeah boo this man.
  Boo this man.
  What a foul.
  Oh my God.
  James Cameron is going to be upset.
  He's got a transmission to his sub right now that I'm maybe not the big avatar fan he thought I was.
  You're going to be on the no iknemaia list.
  Never again.
  Yeah it's all very cool.
  That's that's extremely creepy.
  You're right because if you don't know any if you if you somehow you don't know the mythology of avatar very well.
  You might think that that thing is dead.
  You're being preserved in a way similar to what people think happened to Walt Disney.
  Right.
  I mean maybe it's possible they did model the tank after his tank.
  Uh huh.
  Is that a little Easter egg like in the way in the part like oh yeah that's where Walt used to live or this is the kind of chili he liked and that's the tank that he still is preserved in.
  Yeah I've been in the three of us.
  I'm the only one who's been in Walt's apartment over on Main Street.
  All right.
  I'm just saying of the three of us who's the biggest fan you know.
  I've been to the apartment and I've seen him in this tank.
  That's what I'm saying.
  You saw it.
  You saw all.
  That's the secret.
  Ah.
  Head attached or not.
  What's that?  Head attached or not.
  The head is attached but he has that long navi braid.
  Oh for the link.
  For the link yes.
  I will say I am a rare bird in that I have never seen the movie Avatar but through osmosis I have learned a lot about the mythology from Mike Carlson.
  I don't know what that is.
  That's a shout out for not seeing Avatar.
  How many people have not seen Avatar?  Wow pretty good.
  And you're proud of it too.
  You did not take out a small personal loan in 2009 because you got to see it in IMAX and 3D and like 4K IMAX.
  Did you not see it because it was too expensive?  It was too expensive.
  I wasn't working a lot.
  It was 2009.
  High to the recession.
  You know right.
  And everyone's like well you can't just see it in the regular movie theater.
  I've almost watched it on a plane once or twice.
  The ultimate version.
  I think you should watch it on the ride back to Los Angeles.
  Oh yeah maybe.
  Yeah.
  Let's all go home and watch it tonight.
  Quick viewing.
  You know what's fair we were like trying to think of Avatar music to when we revealed the topic and then like there's no like score.
  There's not like the theme.
  If you look theme for Avatar.
  There's a there's that Celine Dion song.
  No it's not.
  It's like Leona.
  Oh yeah you're right.
  Yeah but it's written by the isn't written by the same person who wrote Heart Will Go On.
  Am I wrong.
  Am I crazy.
  Heart Will Go On.
  Did I say that.
  Something like that.
  It worked at short end.
  Gee clean up your fucking life man.
  What's going on over there.
  You're the guy who couldn't afford to see Avatar.
  It was 10 years ago.
  It was 10 years ago.
  You were wearing a barrel with straps.
  You took improv classes with me.
  The Upright Citizen Brigade which was three.
  I know I cleaned the toilets to do that.
  Now you have sympathy again.
  But who knows how many recessions will happen before Avatar 2 comes out.
  We got time for a lot I think.
  One of you said when we were at the Margaritaville Resort that it seemed like it was the place.
  They're prepping for financial collapse.
  Why wait for the collapse to get in collapse mode.
  Getting it early.
  They've already done that thing you see in old movies where they put their suitcase up and they just throw every item in it and they jam it closed.
  Speaking of that, I was thinking we should try to tell people everybody go see our sign.
  But I don't think I want to punish people and make them go to Dreams of a Drive.
  The Lyft driver drove us in and he goes, huh.
  He was like, I don't know, did he say I've never been here before?  This is new.
  We roam the mall too around there which is just desolate.
  But there isn't it's sugar.
  And the candy urine is in stock.
  Look under your seats.
  That's not true.
  What were we talking about?  The queue was very good.
  The mercury sort of thing was really cool.
  Oh yes, all these wonderful little things.
  If you're getting to rush through the line, which we were moving very quickly, all the little lab effects that seem to be done with magnets or some, they're all practical and physical.
  Yes, different like funguses.
  Someone has an idea of how it's done.
  Parafluins?  Whoa.
  Therafluins?  Therafluids I believe.
  Therafluids, magnetic fluids.
  Wow.
  Okay.
  Geez, thank you for doing our work for us.
  Yeah, can you just come to Mike's apartment sometime and just help us out.
  But then, but you know, all right, so that's all very cool.
  But obviously we are so much here to talk about the pre-show and the video with Dr.
 Stevens, who's instantly indelibly one of my favorite characters in Theme Park World.
  In Theme Park World.
  And I want to say something about Dr.
 Stevens.
  Dr.
 Stevens is played by a guy named David Danapour.
  And David Danapour is an improviser.
  He was on an improv team with my wife, Farron.
  I saw him in a number of shows.
  He was funny as hell.
  Just like really naturally, everything he said was really, really funny.
  And so just shout out to David Danapour.
  And I'm sorry, we're going to talk like you a bunch tonight.
  But super, super funny guy.
  Yeah, congrats on booking that gig, man.
  That's cool.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, seriously.
  So because this is like one of the longest eight minutes or so of Q informational material.
  This is I think we've talked about before and I haven't done it in a couple of like a year and a half.
  And it is so much longer than I remembered it being.
  Yeah, it is.
  Yeah, I don't know exactly.
  I don't have a time count.
  Does anybody know the exact amount of time Dr.
 Stevens is talking to you?  Does anyone work on Avatar flight?  Oh, yeah.
  No.
  Because also obviously like they have the thing which is new in the rides where if there's something going wrong,  they have an extra little piece of the video to play.
  They do it with Millennium Falcon.
  And yeah, did I hear a boo for the Millennium Falcon?  Well, you know, yeah.
  You know, what's pretty weird is that thing where Hondo says, Oh, wait, what's that?  There's an alien that's land and then nothing happens.
  Yeah.
  What is that about?  You really I get that they were like, we need a little story beat here to keep it, you know,  moving in case that there's something wrong, but make it a lot less interesting.
  Yeah.
  Very intriguing.
  Like, yeah, like, oh, the light bulb is broken on the outside of the ship.
  Let's fix it.
  Let me and he goes and gets it or something and takes it out.
  Like, instead of like there's a monster on the outside of the ship.
  That is that sounds thrilling.
  And we're about to go back on another adventure.
  A war is breaking out.
  Wait, never mind.
  Oh, my God.
  The most interesting thing is happening right now.
  Back door opens.
  All right, everybody.
  Let's go.
  You did a bad job.
  Come on out.
  Everyone does a bad job.
  You're all losers.
  Let's go.
  Come on.
  OK, so but you it's very long because you need there's so much you need to know.
  I mean, you need to know that you are being put into the body of an avatar and you're linking to an  Ecrin and you're going to fly on it.
  That's it, right?  I mean, I get it.
  I get it.
  Fine.
  But the ride decides that you need to learn a lot about the history of Dr.
  Jackie Ogden.
  Using avatars to fly this way was all figured out by my boss, Dr.
  Jackie Ogden.
  She leads our science team, which is part of the Pandora Conservation Institute, the initiative.
  And we're here in the Valley of Moara studying banshees and their environment.
  Uh huh.
  Is that all it is, Jason?  Keep reading.
  Over a generation ago.
  Let's make it.
  Jason has the full script at the ready.
  Should we need it?  This enormous company called the RDA created a lot of damage to the area through their bad mining  practices and conflicts with the Navi.
  Just like on Earth, it can take decades for ecosystems to recover.
  So it's very important we know the name of the company.
  It's very important that we know that it is enormous.
  It is not some rinky-dik mom and pop company.
  Enormous company.
  Wait, let me see it again.
  It's very important that it is bad mining practices.
  Yeah, we've been walking around for a few days and Scott just keeps saying bad mining practices.
  Bad mining practices.
  Damage to the bad mining practices.
  If they've done good mining practices, we're in a problem.
  But mediocre mining practices, maybe I let it slide.
  But bad, I can't stand it.
  That drives Dr.
 Stevens up the wall.
  You could do a one-man show as Dr.
 Stevens.
  Oh, yes.
  Whoa, laboratory assistant interviews today.
  Got to put on that classic Dr.
 Stevens charm.
  Disney Plus.
  Here we go.
  Disney Plus series.
  Yeah.
  Well, Danapour's got to play, but I'll run for it.
  I'm the show runner.
  I'm the writer.
  Yeah.
  You have his voice down.
  Thank you.
  Not his literal voice.
  Well, yeah.
  It's a lot of fun to do.
  It's fun to talk about bad mining practices.
  It's fun to talk about keystone species.
  Every culture has keystone species.
  They're not fun like keystone cops.
  They don't run around in fast motion, make hijinks.
  They do bad mining practices.
  Wait, no.
  Keystone species are endangered.
  They're good.
  They're good.
  Mining practices are bad.
  I was confusing the keystone species with the miners.
  Yeah.
  And there's an incredible thunder story.
  There are haunted mansion effects being pumped into the air.
  Yeah.
  That is fun.
  What's that?  Motorcycle.
  That's what I thought, right?  Is somebody just outside revving their motorcycle?  No.
  God damn right.
  Church Street Station is right there.
  And that's where the cool guys go.
  When we, by the way, when we drove by Church Street Station, one of the.
.
.
  Oh my God.
  We get the message.
  One of the entrances was closed off, which really didn't matter because no one was on it.
  It was empty.
  More empty spaces.
  Okay.
  Jason, did you get into a fight with someone, a chicken guy?  And they're calling you out now?  Oh.
  Uh-oh.
  He told me I had to register before I could get the two free sauces.
  And I'm pissed.
  All right.
  Anyway, back to the script.
  Yeah, back to the script.
  I mean, I will say, I mean, this was our first time going on it.
  First time in the land.
  The land is great.
  It's beautiful.
  I saw a Joe Roady lecture back in LA a month or so ago, and he just talked about like looking at classical paintings to try and figure out how they inspired awe.
  And he applied.
  They tried to apply that with like things of this nature, things of this scale, and the floating mountains were great and the foliage was great.
  I took some pictures and like did a double take later in the day where I was like, my God, that looks really good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But what's fun is saying these things.
  Anyway, back to the cue.
  Back to the man.
  It's also important to know that banshees live high in rookeries.
  Is it?  Is the whole thing killing time?  Is that what this entire thing is about?  It is?  So that's what we're getting.
  But wait, oh wait, you have specific information.
  Oh, that's interesting.
  The restaurant's very good.
  But I would also say, so who's been on Guardians of the Galaxy in California?  Mission Breakout.
  Yeah.
  That's another Joe Rohde ride.
  And I would also say there's a lot of information you're told.
  You got to get your my hands don't scan.
  You're a student.
  So you got to get in.
  There's a gantry lift.
  When you get into the gantry lift, scan your hands because again, my hands don't scan.
  You know what?  Do me a favor.
  Stand on your number.
  Move your arms around.
  The collector's got bad mining practices and you got to know that.
  So when the collector comes here, scan your hands.
  He lives up in a rookery.
  You get in the gantry lift to get to the rookery.
  So it feels like maybe he also likes a little plot.
  That's all I'm saying.
  I think so.
  And in all of this, Dr.
 Ogden has brought up so much that I start to think that it's a scenario where Dr.
 Ogden was hurt or is missing.
  And what the ride is about is rescuing Dr.
 Ogden, our beloved Dr.
 Ogden.
  But then it becomes like, so proceed to the next room where you can watch a video with Dr.
 Ogden.
  I think I said to you, we're not done with Dr.
 Ogden yet.
  And you laughed like, haha, how could we possibly have more?  And then there she's like, I think she's on a bike in that.
  Do you have more here?  I was going to say about Dr.
 Ogden, you know, we mentioned we were there when the park opened.
  So it's very early.
  And, you know, on and off all trip, we've all been saying like, oh, I'm tired.
  My back hurts.
  My feet hurt.
  Apparently, the way my being tired expresses itself is I thought that was Sigourney Weaver for about 20 minutes.
  I was like, yes, of course, Sigourney Weaver.
  She was in the movie.
  I know she's in the movie.
  I haven't seen it, but I know she was in the movie.
  So now you understand why we put you through that tough quiz.
  Yeah.
  Tough exercise.
  So you didn't know what can we get a refresher?  Do you have that?  Refresher.
  We're not going to help you this time.
  Training wheels are off.
  Yes, Jason.
  Thank you so much for doing this.
  The audience, I could tell they wanted it.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  This is Dr.
 Ogden.
  All right.
  This is Dr.
 Augustine.
  All right.
  This is Dr.
 Augustine.
  Terrifying.
  All right.
  That's Dr.
 Augustine.
  And this is Dr.
 Augustine.
  No, no, stop it.
  They don't need that part of the quiz.
  What are you talking about?  This is a thing.
  I saw a thing.
  What are you talking about?  It's an action thing.
  It's a sci-fi thing.
  They make action figures.
  Maybe I'm just tired.
  I've been walking so much and sleeping so little.
  All right.
  Anyway.
  Are there any other choice selections, Jason, in this, what could have been just a live  reading of the free show?  Sure.
  Banshees live in Rookery.
  It's muttering.
  We'll all be muttering this before we die.
  Humans can't get anywhere near them without becoming their lunch.
  But the Navi and the avatars can.
  In fact, the Navi have been riding on the backs of banshees since their earliest history.
  Thanks to science, avatars can ride on banshees too.
  That's why you're linking to an avatar.
  It was Dr.
 Ogden who restarted the avatar program.
  Uh-huh.
  Is that it?  It's because of her that you're able to go through this rite of passage today.
  And that's it.
  And then we move on and then we get on the ride.
  That's the ride.
  And then the ride begins.
  Pandora is a breathtaking natural world.
  I cannot wait for you guys to see it for yourselves.
  So he says, but then nine more tests unfold.
  And you know what?  We've been doing this show for a little bit and we want to give you guys a chance to limber up.
  So go ahead and move around a little bit.
  Move your arms around a little bit.
  That helps us out.
  Okay, don't you feel better?  I literally question this, not a bit.
  Is that it?  Well, do you want the delayed version or not?  Oh my God.
  Here.
  All right, fine.
  Read the delayed version.
  This is parenthetical.
  In case of a loading delay ahead of you, these extra lines may be added at this point in the video to take up some extra time.
  So let's get ready for our next, huh?  Huh?  Huh?  I'll be right back.
  Put the standby system on quickly.
  Standby.
  Yeah.
  And then you even get it.
  And then so then one more room where there's even a ton more explanation about like sliding your thing into the back of the cubbies.
  And you get to meet Dr.
 Ogden who tells you again, you'll be getting on a.
.
.
  You really think like you're going to be on the right and she's going to all of a sudden you're going to look to your left and she's going to wave to you from the back of it.
  Like at least something.
  Or like, thank you.
  You saved me.
  Yeah.
  Your healing touch saved me.
  Yeah.
  Thank you.
  And isn't now, of course this is all wonderful, but you're in that queue and you're in the world of Pandora and aren't you thinking, isn't this really just a plused up green planet at the end of the day?  Isn't it really just the home?  Yeah.
  They got there first, the OG.
  So you want the.
.
.
 you're expecting to see the flop, glop, glop, glop.
  Come on, man.
  I'm trying.
  Get it together.
  I'm sorry.
  Just for.
.
.
  Okay, so we read all of that.
  Just to compare, this is what you hear before Big Thunder Mountain Railroad.
  Howdy, partner, for your safety.
  Remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the train and be sure to watch your kids.
  And you folks are wearing hats and glasses, best remove them because this here is the wildest ride in the wilderness.
  That's it.
  That's it.
  That's the whole spiel before, can you imagine if it was the length of that?  Howdy, partner, welcome here.
  Let me tell you about the company that built the train, all right?  It's a long story, so sit down.
  First things first, Barnabas T.
 Bullion is not a nice guy to work for.
  Take a look at those houses, those businesses over there.
  Let me tell you one by one who owns each one and what the business does.
  First one's a saloon, you want a sarsaparilla, you can get it there.
  But you're paying in company script.
  See, company script is like money, but it's not money.
  You can only use it at the company.
  Let me tell you a little bit about my kids.
  There's five of them and I only like three.
  There's only ten more minutes of this.
  The two that were left died of typhoid.
  Yee-haw!  Hell yeah.
  Now on to the next room for more.
  Wiggle your arms around a little bit.
  Helps me out.
  I'm just getting on that train and I'm wondering how was I able to get on this?  Did my hands stand or not?  You got to link up to the train engine, my man.
  Usually you need a ticket for a train.
  You can't just walk onto it for free willy-nilly.
  Link up your bindle to the train.
  Yeah, so it's a contract.
  That's how we do things now.
  They did things differently back then.
  All that being said, then you get on the ride and the ride's really cool.
  We all like the ride, right?  You fly and it's great.
  We established a link using powerful psionic amplification equipment.
  A human driver is connected to an avatar, which would be physically hundreds of kilometers away.
  There is another page of this.
  But it's really cool when you do it.
  You know there's one part where it flips upside down?  This is Dr.
 Ogden.
  Once the link takes place, you'll be connected to your avatar and sitting on the back of an acron.
  It'll feel like you're really there.
  This is the point where I'm going to say, as we were waiting in the queue, Mike just kept saying,  you can feel it breathing between your legs.
  You can!  And you just can't.
 You said it so much.
  I think I said, to be fair to me, I said it.
  You can feel the great beast breathe between your legs.
  I use flowery fun language to excite them.
 They hadn't been on before.
  And then we're on the ride.
 We go down the first drop.
  We're taking it in.
 It's the most immersive ride we've ever been on.
  I'm not on earth anymore.
 I'm in Pandora.
  And until I am pulled out of it by you saying, hey, feel the great beast breathing between your legs.
  I think it's possible you miss it on your first time.
  And I honestly, I like to just sort of maybe one hand out and one hand on the beast.
  What?  I love it.
 That's not a joke.
  Like it's a fucking Clydesdale?  Like, yeah, good.
  I'm not slapping it.
  Good fella.
 Good boy.
  I'm just sort of like, I'm caressing it.
  That'll do.
 That'll do.
  Like you're checking it for testicular cancer.
  I'm not doing this.
  I'm not squeezing it.
 I'm like Black Beauty or something.
 The horse.
  I'm just petting its mane.
  That sort of, I guess I have a connection to the animal.
 I'm sorry.
  Well, the connection is established by a link with a powerful psionic energy.
  Unbelievable.
 I'm getting, I'm getting, I'm getting banshee shamed.
  I think it's fair to say you are the most, three of us, you're the one most wrapped up into the kingdom of avid.
 Is it a kingdom?  Yeah, I live my life by sort of the Navi code.
  That's sort of what you're talking about.
 Yeah.
  You could very well be the forthcoming character, the seed bearer.
  We're all psyched for the seed bearer.
  Is that the next one or is that?  I think that's two more.
 Is that four?  That's the fourth one?  We don't get to meet the seed bearer.
  Well, we might meet the seed bearer.
  Yeah, that could be the seed bearer's movie.
  Seed bearer might be like Supreme Leader Snoke and then gets killed in the fourth.
  But we won't see the full story of the seed bearer until our lives are drastically different.
  We have grandchildren.
  I'm back in the barrel because there's another recession.
  Hey, hey, hey, brother, spare a dollar so I can see Avatar six.
  Spare a future dollar because it's 3022.
  Yeah.
  So, oh, you know, we missed this.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, the groundbreaking.
  Yes, indeed.
  Yes.
 Well, for the listener, what we're showing you, we've admired this photo for a long time.
  There are six human beings and one Navi and all of them are breaking ground on Pandora using giant blue shovels  because that is what a Navi person would use to dig in the way that we all use, you know, skin colored like tannish shovels.
  I mean, sort of, wood, I guess.
  You know, I got a honey.
  I'm sorry.
 I got to run to Home Depot.
  I got to get a new flesh shovel, the shovel that looks like flesh.
  We will find out more about these shovels in Avatar eight, the shovel user.
  So we will see the blue shuttles again.
  But this is, of course, like you can this picture is hanging in Pandora.
  You can see this in the land, but it is like gaslighting us because they photoshopped out an executive who is no longer.
  I don't have the other photo.
 Is this the photo with the taken out block?  The person who's blocked this.
  The original.
 So they said they take stags out.
  Yeah.
 Oh, because they were both gone.
  This is gone.
  Stop.
 Okay, that's it.
  That's it.
 So as if he's frame just like over here.
  Did they?  They fucking deepfake this photo.
  This is what is the this is what they do because they're like we saw the Disney Plus Twitter stuff where it's like miracle on 34th Street, a Disney film.
  No, not true.
 I remember I was there.
  It's like you briefly showing Chucko.
  I know you did it.
  Come on.
  This is always made national geographic.
  You've always been the caretaker.
  Or it's similar.
  We've you know, we've we've talked before we've been talking this week about the photos where the cigarettes are photoshopped out of Walt's hand.
  Well, it's famous.
 Yeah, which fortunately he did found a company where a lot of people have to do a two finger point.
  So it looks weird, but it's kind of justified.
  Who everyone here who has to do that for their job put two fingers in the air.
  All right.
  Like you just don't care.
  Wow.
 That's a lot.
  Oh my God.
  Well, they can't.
  That's not right.
  They can't lie to us.
  We remember this man, Tom Skaggs.
  Tom Staggs.
  Staggs.
  And we remember the other person.
  We know.
  And we know.
  I see you.
  I see you.
  Which way?  Wait, this one?  That's Staggs.
  That's Staggs.
  Okay.
 I see.
  No!  Surely someone else saw it.
  Am I going mad?  Yes.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  We don't know what that is.
  Let's gaslight Scott.
  Yes.
  No.
  Everyone was so nice to me about the scary rides.
  Now you've turned.
  Are you being mean just because we read instructions to you for half an hour?  Yes.
  We're being told yes.
  We did Rock and Roller Coaster and Tower of Tower like in one hour, within one hour.
  Yeah.
  The bravest tower.
  The thought of doing that like back to back with that little amount of time to recover  for the first time compared to like the 90s where it's like, all right, you waited an  hour, you rode it, you had another hour to wait.
  Like, good job, Scott.
  Thank you.
  Wow.
  Keep getting applause for that.
  Also, the mummy launch is not scary at all.
  What was my problem?  No idea on that one.
  Okay.
  But so now is it time to talk a little more in depth about the ride?  Okay.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The ride itself.
  I mean, yeah.
  Okay.
  So it's like when there's a lights part.
  Oh, yeah.
  It's the part where you land and then you really feel the breathing.
  It's beautiful.
  And yeah.
  You stop and you look at the lights appear.
  That's cool.
  The lenses and the glasses are rectangular, but my glasses are more circular.
  So there was one or two things that were a little blurry.
  How am I expected to see Vaco if I cannot see Vaco?  Wow.
  I wrote that down in the line for the boat ride.
  Wow.
  Like right afterwards.
  I was like, I gotta write this?  Yeah, geez.
  And a great job to you as well.
  Thank you.
  Great.
  The line is cool.
  It's fine.
  Yeah, it's fine.
  It's cool.
  And then a big whale pops up and you go through a wave and then your words can be scary and  it's not.
  And that's the ride.
  And that's what we have to say about the ride.
  It's great.
  It's really good.
  That's Avatar Flight of Passage.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We may revisit this at some point, but this is a rare thing where we're actually going  to fit in a segment.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  One of our famous segments.
  Yeah.
  That we committed to doing beyond episode three.
  Which of our three segments have we ever done?  When we were first formulating this show, we wrote down so many segments.
  We had meetings about segments and then we just started talking and haven't stopped for  two years.
  Yeah.
  But there's a fun thing.
  I've sort of put together this.
  Scott and Jason don't really know a lot of the details, but I've put together our famous  segment, Souvenir Smackdown.
  One of our early finds.
  Oh yeah.
  Pooh and his human girlfriend.
  It's common law wife.
  On a shirt?  Oh yeah.
  You got a shirt.
  Yeah.
  We got a shirt in the house.
  We got the shirt.
  Wow.
  Thanks for house lights.
  Yeah.
  Amazing.
  Go, go, go.
  Wow.
  Again, we did not make that shirt.
  Someone else did.
  Izzy cannot come after us.
  We love to see it.
  But since here's the thing.
  Usually we're playing against each other.
  The game sort of works best with three people.
  We can't just do two?  That doesn't matter.
  It's not as fun.
  I mean, I think it would be fun if we played with someone else.
  Somebody who might have like experience collecting collectibles and also might have Smackdown  experience.
  Oh.
  What do you mean?  Who could that be?  What is it?  What?  What are you talking about?  What's any of this?  Well, if the slide would work.
  Is it the collector?  Tyvon?  Woo woo woo.
  You know it.
  What?  What's going on?  Are you on your way?  Oh.
  Oh.
  What's up?  We got to pretend we didn't take hands for that.
  What's up?  Ladies and gentlemen.
  What's up, big man?  Zach Ryman.
  All right, I'm here.
  Wow.
  Hey, man.
  What's the deal, man?  So we're playing souvenir Smackdown.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  So basically you're going to what the what are you wearing, dude?  Oh, it says we're all.
  Oh, yeah, we all got it.
  It's very nice.
  I have my Uris Pierce.
  Can I get one?  You know what?  I have the spirit of kindness.
  I have this like it's a clip on.
  It's a clip on.
  So even better.
  All right.
  Wow.
  How do I look?  Oh my God.
  All right.
  So we see you.
  We see you.
  We see a Sivako.
  Right.
  Well, I know you'll rise to the challenge like the Navi people say.
  So basically the game is going to work like this.
  I'm going to show some items I found on eBay and you're all going to guess how much this  person is selling the item for.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  So you let's you know what?  Let's we can move this chair over here.
  Okay.
  Or if you want to sit.
  You know what?  I'm going to pop down on the lid.
  Okay.
  So I sit here?  Yeah.
  Sit there.
  All right.
  I was.
  Oh, here's a piece of paper.
  So we're going to keep you.
  Okay.
  So we're going to keep you.
  Okay.
  So we're going to keep score.
  So we're going to keep score.
  There we go.
  I feel like maybe we won't care about the score after a few rounds, but we'll see.
  So okay.
  So let's get started here.
  I have 10 different items from eBay.
  Okay.
  And we don't have to do all of them if you need to go somewhere.
  You can see why we didn't talk about flight of passage more.
  Who cares?  10 items.
  So for item number one, 1982 very rare Epcot Center Canada Pavilion serving tray prop.
  Oh, sweet.
  Are we booing or wooing?  I had a Labats.
  There was a horrible thunderstorm and we ran to where to seek refuge and we ended up in  a little Canada store and I got a Labats and it calmed my jangled nerves.
  I'm still scared of some stuff.
  Nature.
  Labats rules.
  All right, Jason, how much do you think the person on eBay is selling this for?  $50.
  $50.
  Scott, how much do you think?  Ooh, maybe I'll take it lower to 30.
  30.
  Now we're talking like buy it now or their bids.
  This is just what it starts out as.
  Oh, this looks like junk to me.
  Five bucks.
  $50.
  Good, good.
  Okay, now.
  It might be all just Canadian so I can say that.
  That's right.
  Is anyone Canadian here?  Oh.
  Anyway.
  So the answer to how much this item is going for on eBay, $600.
  Jason.
  Wait a minute.
  Are there any bids or it's just?  Well, I will tell you this.
  Unlike the other items on this, this sold for $600 and was the starting bid.
  That's unbelievable.
  $600.
  Jason Sheridan gets a point on the board.
  All right.
  So next up here.
  Oh, these are great.
  Walt Disney cartoon VHS collection volumes one, two, and three.
  I will show you what the VHS itself looks like.
  Dirty label.
  It's a dirty label Walt Disney Home video.
  I remember it.
  Scary rotating Mickey inside.
  You know that logo with the multiple color?  Yeah, it's terrifying.
  Okay.
  Now, what?  What was that?  Oh, guesses?  Guesses.
  All right.
  Let's go.
  Jason.
  $10.
  $10.
  $10.
  Scott.
  It's all three?  It's all three tapes.
  This is what it starts out as on the eBay auction.
  Well, it wasn't there like jewel case or whatever you call it.
  The clam shells were starting to go for a lot.
  So like, let me go high 400.
  400.
  I'll go 300.
  So 100 free for me.
  All right.
  The person is selling this for one million.
  What?  400 and it must be a joke or a drug front.
  Honestly, you must like pay for it and you get like a crate full of drugs.
  I got to wonder what is the FBI have to say about all that?  Do not reproduce.
  I don't know.
  Don't resell.
  Yeah.
  So, wait, who was that?  That was me.
  That's you.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  What's going on here?  Thank you.
  Oh, Kohler.
  All right.
  This is Kohler Disney Mickey Mouse playful as a mouth bathroom remodel complete set.
  And this comes with this and this.
  So for the listener at home, Mickey hands can hold your paper towels and I think maybe  your toilet paper down there as well.
  In this photo, it's like Mickey's been torn apart.
  His limbs all asunder.
  Yes.
  I buy a lot of shit on eBay, but this is absolute shit.
  Do you have any, you of course are the Michael Jordan of professional wrestling action figure  collecting.
  Something like that.
  Yeah.
  I think I got it a little bit wrong.
  Is there any, have you bought any sinks that feature professional wrestlers?  No sinks, but I just bought the Macho Man workout set.
  It's this weight bench, like almost like a ghetto Bowflex.
  It's the Macho Machine.
  Oh, wow.
  Google that.
  Google that.
  The Macho Machine?  The Macho Machine.
  Just got it last week.
  It's old though.
  Like mid nineties.
  Wow.
  Also, if anyone knows where to find the accountant behind the Macho Machine, please call in the  attorney.
  The authorities are concerned for missing for years.
  I think it was Kurt.
  I think Kurt Hawkins got a shout out.
  Your tag team partner.
  I love that.
  So all right.
  How much is the person selling this on eBay for the Mickey Polar Disney Playful as a Mouse  bathroom set?  Yeah, a hundred bucks.
  A hundred bucks.
  Jason.
  I'm going to guess 500.
  500.
  I'm so confused.
  I'll say a thousand.
  Okay.
  9,000.
  What?  I saw in sold there are people that have paid upwards of thousands of dollars for other  Kohler Mickey bathroom sets.
  So this is apparently a hard to find item.
  Does anyone have a sink with Mickey on it?  Hey buddy.
  Don't use too many squares.
  All right.
  Oh no.
  I would like to read.
  Okay.
  I would like for the listener at home.
  These are two.
  There's a Mickey and a Donald toy.
  They look like they went into like the machine from the fly, the movie The Fly, and they  came out wrong.
  Like they were cloned wrong.
  And the description on this is vintage Mickey and Donald Ben's 1950s, 60s, beautiful and  rare.
  Sometimes dead is better.
  How much does the person want for this?  I heard 350.
  2,000.
  2,000 says Jason.
  But maybe if you're crazy enough to think this is beautiful, you also don't know that  you could get money for this kind of thing.
  So maybe it's like $70.
  I hear 70.
  I'm going to go low and say 15.
  $15.
  10 grand.
  Holy shit.
  We're going to post all of these online.
  So if you're listening, well, these are all be on Twitter.
  Do you have you?  If you bought you have a Disney collection as well.
  You have a ton of action figures, mostly wrestling, but Star Wars, Ninja Turtles, Ghostbusters,  Disney, Disney.
  But what is the is there a prized Disney collectible you have?  Not really.
  My big thing is like I like take things out of the package.
  I hate them in the box.
  There's a phrase you say, breathe, let them breathe about when it comes to toys.
  But if I'm buying something off eBay and it's out of the box, we call that loose.
  I don't trust the person who had it before.
  So I got to give it a fig bath, which means I give my toys like a bubble bath.
  There's nothing.
  There's nothing weird about that.
  Because you have to disinfect the figure.
  You know what I'm saying?  Like what if someone had like dirty hands and was playing with the figure, packaging the figure, you know, right?  God knows what they were doing with the figure.
  So you got to get it and you got to disinfect it.
  Give it a fig bath.
  Sometimes, you know, the lights might be off.
  A candle might be lit.
  There's nothing wrong with that, though.
  Waste not, you know.
  For this audience and for us, that is not weird at all.
  I get that totally.
  Let me ask you a question.
  Are you in the bath with the figure?  Sometimes.
  Sometimes.
  It's a lot easier that way.
  Of course.
  Let me ask you this question.
  Sometimes when you're bathing the figures, do they ever fight?  100 percent.
  Honestly, sounds like a lot of fun.
  I have the Bash of the Beach ring.
  It's meant to float.
  Is that true?  That is true.
  Wow.
  I have an unboxing video on YouTube.
  Check it out.
  But I'm in the pool for that one.
  I'm in the pool for that one.
  Sorry, guys.
  Yeah, Bash of the Beach was an outdoor WCW pay-per-view.
  And it was, yeah.
  So there's a toy of a wrestling ring that floats in water.
  But that's not in the game.
  These current creatures, I wouldn't like, maybe you give them a fig bath and let them drown.
  All right.
  Who won that round?  I did.
  Jason.
  All right.
  Jason's winning.
  He's up two.
  Yeah.
  I'm doing horrible.
  I'm embarrassed.
  All right.
  Here we go.
  These are all crazy.
  This is pre-named Duffy Duffy.
  What?  Oh.
  Uh-oh.
  He has red eyes and he looks sick.
  Oh.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  Duffy Duffy.
  That is being chanted by somebody in the audience.
  It's a, which character?  It's Jelatoni.
  Jelatoni.
  With the shirt.
  With the podcast the ride shirt.
  In a podcast the ride shirt.
  Wow.
  They said they were going to make it and they made it.
  Thank you.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Bonkers.
  I went to Tokyo Disney.
  Uh, Tokyo Disney.
  See, I got that and Duffy for my fiance.
  She wasn't impressed.
  What?  That's what happened to my girlfriend and I.
  Where's Lindsay?  Where are you?  Oh she's, where?  Somebody's pointing here.
  Get him.
  Get his ass.
  Drag him queen.
  Lindsay K Sy.
  Oh wait, what?  No, he was pointing at you.
  Oh.
  It would be really funny if someone was like, oh, you're pointing at me.
  And I'm like, that's me Lindsay.
  We have kissed before.
  I'm Lindsay.
  Oh, take me to your hotel.
  See you in Los Angeles.
  All right.
  Anyway, so weird red eyes, non-named Duffy Duffy.
  How much going for?  $1500.
  $1500, says Jason.
  $700.
  Scott says $700.
  $500.
  $500.
  I hear $500.
  All right.
  $7,337.
  $14.
  Me or not?  I just got a good one.
  They have all the Duffy's, all the pre.
  They have purple Duffy, they have green, so they have the whole collection of pre-Duffy  Duffy, which is a thing.
  I feel like you, when the episode came out about Duffy, you were like, I don't do Duffy,  and then you went to Tokyo Disney and you were like, I gotta get Duffy.
  You gotta get Duffy.
  You had more there.
  You were anti-Duffy.
  But I didn't buy any clothes, so Duffy's naked in my house.
  I think.
  Oh.
  Oh.
  All right.
  Obviously, all Duffy's should have podcast the right shirt.
  Yes.
  You've proven the only real way to do it.
  All right.
  So, what's his name?  Jason.
  Is he my name yet?  Oh, no, we're good.
  We're good on time.
  So, Jason again.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  So, Jason's up three.
  Yeah.
  And then, okay.
  So, here's the speed round.
  And when I say speed, slightly faster.
  All right.
  Is this a good time to say that you will be linked to an avatar via link chair?  Yes.
  Has Dr.
 Octon helped with that?  This is a speed round that I like to call the Michael Eisner collectible round.
  Wow.
  What?  Oh, baby.
  I didn't.
  I was teasing this all day to them like I got some good stuff in here.
  Oh, my God.
  And there are a surprisingly large amount of Michael Eisner related items on eBay.
  Whoa.
  Oh, yes.
  You said you tapped a vein that you'd never tapped before.
  I never tapped a vein and I did today.
  Yeah.
  You found your own private unobtanium.
  But like Parker Selfridge, I obtained my Obtanium.
  Hello?  Hello.
  All right.
  All right.
  So, the first in the Michael Eisner.
  Get to that sweet Eisner meme.
  Michael Eisner speed round.
  A Mighty Ducks.
  Mighty Ducks puck.
  Mighty Ducks, Michael Eisner sign, Anaheim, Mighty Ducks, 1994, global authentics.
  How much is this puck going for on eBay?  Starting out price.
  Price or heaven?  Hold on.
  I'm going to go lower 800.
  800.
  Scott?  I'm just going to go way higher from that pattern and say $20,000.
  That's what I would pay.
  Not what you would pay.
  I'm going to go the total opposite way and say 15 bucks.
  15 bucks.
  Jason Sheridan, $400.
  Geez.
  God.
  Next up, young Michael Eisner headshot.
  Whoa.
  Hello.
  I see you.
  My man up here looking like a whole damn meal.
  God damn.
  Geez.
  Let me ask you this.
  We've talked a lot about on the show about buying, if they made like a premium Michael Eisner figure.
  Right.
  Or would you do it?  I think I'd have to do it.
  Right.
  Are we talking like a plastic figure with articulation or like a stuffed animal figure?  Oh, I haven't covered that.
  Well, as you'll hear on the episode that's dropping in like a few hours, we've come up,  we like the idea of sort of a premium format hot toy style.
  With a soft good shirt.
  Soft good shirt.
  A recreation of the desk where he says hello.
  That's what we like.
  But also we think the idea of sort of making a baby Eisner plush is also good.
  So either or.
  Yes, you're in.
  I don't know about the baby.
  No, I don't know about that.
  All right.
  But the one with the nice shirt you're in.
  Yeah, the soft good shirt I'm in.
  All right, great.
  How much do we think this is starting out on eBay for?  Unsigned?  On autograph?  It is press photo Michael Eisner, vice president.
  It's unsigned.
  $3.
  $3.
  Yeah, I gotta go.
  I'll say like 15.
  15.
  Jason.
  25.
  25.
  Oh, we are.
  It's tied between.
  1999.
  Oh, wow.
  Oh, so technically Scott wins.
  Yes, by a cent.
  Yes.
  That's some prices right shit.
  Oh, yeah.
  Here we go.
  Sneaked in there.
  A photo of Sylvester Stallone, Michael Eisner and John Travolta.
  It's in Annie Leibowitz.
  Look at the fine print.
  That's Annie Leibowitz.
  So you got Eisner here.
  You got Sylvester Stallone.
  You got John Travolta.
  Wow.
  How much is this photo starting out for on eBay?  Jeez.
  In what?  Yeah.
  And that's a scan of it?  8 by 10.
  What's the size of this thing?  It's a 12 by 18, 1983.
  You guys guess.
  I'm just interested in the article.
  I'm just gonna read it.
  It's a little pixely.
  Those pixels seem to say Jeffrey Katzenberg.
  I felt like I didn't want to look into it because our own imagination is so much greater  about what they were all doing.
  I'm sure it was like Hollywood moneymakers of like 1983, right?  Yes.
  Probably.
  We can all go home and write our own little short story about this.
  I think you three need to recreate that photo.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Absolutely.
  Thank you.
  That's a good cover of the podcast.
  Yeah.
  We don't really have a script for that.
  Who's gonna wear the white suit though?  Jason.
  Jason.
  You know, I had to do it to him.
  Right?  Scott, I think you can do the Eisner pose there.
  Thank you.
  Yes.
  Sort of hand draped.
  Do you guys want to?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There it is.
  All right.
  That would do it?  Great.
  Hey.
  You guys want to come over?  I'll put sheets over all the furniture.
  You can sit on it in an unorthodox way.
  Oh guys, you're here.
  Hello.
  Hello.
  You want to try a hello?  Michael Eisner hello?  Hello.
  Yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Pretty good.
  All right.
  How much is this on eBay starting out?  $7.
  Jason.
  $20.
  $20.
  Yeah.
  Sir Rider.
  $15.
  $15.
  $49.
99.
  Geez.
  $20.
  So that's Jason, right?  Yeah.
  All right.
  Good.
  I say good because I'm forgetting everything already.
  All right.
  Now we get to some good stuff here.
  A Michael Eisner trading card.
  So it's Michael Eisner owns Tops.
  Oh.
  Does he really?  Owns Tops trading cards.
  What?  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Not Breck.
  The other one.
  The other one.
  But we don't like the other one.
  We like Breck.
  Yeah.
  Breck had all the right ideas.
  Breck.
  Breck.
  Breck.
  Breck.
  Breck.
  Breck.
  Breck.
  Breck.
  Breck.
  All right.
  So this is Michael Eisner 2014 Tops.
  Alan Ginter code breaker autograph auto 1 slash 1 Disney.
  What's up with the personalities?  Again, we can make our own short story.
  All right.
  It's 70.
  70.
  Yeah.
  25.
  25.
  Jason.
  200.
  Jason Sheridan again wins $400 for this signed Michael Eisner.
  The presence of an autograph immediately bumps it up.
  Now here is the last thing.
  Jason has already won, so who cares?  Yeah.
  All right.
  This is by far the weirdest thing.
  This is another trading card and it was made by the opposing trading card company, Not  Tops.
  And upper deck, thank you so much.
  And it is a parody card of Michael Eisner.
  Whoa.
  Oh.
  Called Michael Beisner.
  B-U-Y.
  And it's for listening at home, it is like a distorted face, eye patch wearing backward  baseball hat like Dick Tracy villain of Michael Eisner.
  The disrespect of the backwards baseball cap.
  And let me read the back of the card.
  Here it is.
  What in the world?  Upper deck welcomes this season's newest rookie, Michael Beisner.
  After humble origins as a page for a top TV network and stints that included crashing  a Zamboni machine in an Anaheim hockey arena, he is now the top dog searching for a way  to bring Bazonka Joe into the 21st century.
  As big cheese of his own cardboard kingdom, he is enthusiastically searching for the baseball  cards his mom threw away and no one will be surprised to see a new big budget film titled  Bazonka Joe and the Temple of Lost Trading Cards.
  In the very near future, upper deck wishes Beisner well in the candy business.
  I don't think I understand this beat.
  I don't know what they're getting at.
  I certainly don't.
  Yeah, I'm totally fucking confused.
  Guys, work it out amongst yourselves.
  But I wanted to end the show more on a tease.
  We have to investigate the feud between Michael Eisner and upper deck the trading card company.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And a good mood, like if I wanted to accuse Zack of being greedy, you'd be Zack Byder.
  Okay, yeah.
  How much does that sting?  Which honestly, if you've seen the amount of toys you buy, kind of works.
  It's a compliment.
  Before I came here, I was reorganizing my Star Wars stuff.
  Have you got anything cool?  Who likes Star Wars here?  I just finished the original Kenner vintage collection.
  Whoa, whoa.
  My last one in the mail this week, Luke Skywalker as a stormtrooper.
  Minty white, minty white.
  People are like in pain.
  All out of the box though, loose.
  No fig baths.
  Okay, so is that the most cherished part of the Star Wars collection?  Of all your Star Wars stuff?  Definitely, yeah, because I obviously wasn't born when those came out.
  So I didn't grow up with them, but I had to go back and get them, and it took me a while because they're pretty pricey.
  Sure, well, congratulations.
  Yeah, you got it.
  You're happier than we'll ever be.
  All right, so just for the hell of it, how much is Michael Beisner?  Who would need this?  There's no autograph.
  Michael Beisner didn't autograph it.
  Is it big?  It's a regular card.
  Is it a regular card?  I don't know, $8.
  Jason, are you on your phone?  Yes.
  Is he cheating?  It does not matter because I just bought it.
  Whoa!  Yeah!  Whoa!  Yeah!  Wow!  Unbelievable.
  Good answer.
  Wow.
  Did you make an offer or buy it now?  I did buy it now.
  Because it was 99 cents.
  Holy shit.
  You look so happy.
  I am so pleased with myself.
  Yeah!  Jason Sheridan.
  Except for the fact that I paid four times as much for shipping as I did for the item.
  Wow, wow.
  So Jason Sheridan, the winner of the game and the winner of life.
  Of Michael Beisner.
  What a good idea.
  Well, Mr.
 Ryder, do you have any parting words?  Thank you again for coming here to participate.
  I love you.
  I'm just glad that you're wearing some fucking shoes.
  What was I wearing?  I heard your story on Splash Mountain.
  You go in.
.
.
  Oh yeah!  What?  Oh man.
  With your bare feet.
  Tell your thoughts.
  It's fucking disgusting.
  Yeah!  I don't want your sweaty, hairy feet anywhere near me.
  To be polite to explain, anybody who doesn't know, you have a thing that you like to do on Splash Mountain.
  I've done it like three times in the log.
  I will very quickly and subtly and not invasively remove my shoes and socks, put my socks away.
.
.
  It's disgusting.
  .
.
.
and pull my shoes back on.
  Look, I will stop doing it.
  But sometimes I don't.
.
.
  I'm not like Jason.
  I don't want my feet and my socks soaking wet.
  That was great after Dudley Do-Right at 6 p.
m.
 yesterday, the coldest day of the week.
  Feeling like I had just gotten hit by three buckets of water simultaneously.
  So I will stop doing that.
  Is there any other grievances you have with me on the phone?  Oh yeah, good point.
  I think that's it, really.
  All right.
  Well, you want to exit through the gift shop?  Which way is that?  Which way is that?  Well, you like to plug.
  Oh, I wrestle for WWE.
  So you can follow me on Twitter, at Zack Ryder.
  At Zack Ryder.
  If you are a wrestling figure fan, I have a podcast called The Major Wrestling Figure Podcast.
  So there's a little plug ski for that.
  And I'm kind of embarrassed that I lost this eBay game, because that's my whole like, real, like, you know, wrestling school.
  But my real job is collecting toys.
  So I'm upset with myself.
  But that's happening, guys.
  When you're getting thrown curve balls like Michael Weisner, you have no scale on which to judge that.
  Would you bathe a Michael Weisner toy in a fig bath?  Only if you were there with me.
  Take those shoes off.
  Take those shoes.
  I'm out of here.
  Yeah.
  Thank you, Zack Ryder.
  Zack Ryder!  Zack Ryder has survived Podcast The Ride, and you all have survived Podcast The Ride!  Thank you, everyone!  Wow!  That was a blast.
  Thank you so much for having us.
  Thanks to SAC Comedy Lab.
  What a venue.
  What wonderful people.
  Hey, thanks to Sean and Pat for helping us out this week.
  Thanks to Adam and Ashley from Universal.
  Thanks to Emily, John, and Diana here at SAC.
  And thanks so much to all of you for coming out.
  I'm tempted to say, let's just, hey, let's just commit to it.
  Next week, the Downtown Disney Ordeal.
  Thank you.
  Um.
.
.
  Check it out.
  Whoa!  My face is merging, no!  And Brian, salute-o-familia.
  Oh, wow.
  Thanks so much, everybody.
  This is a dream come true.
  Thanks for coming.
  What a week.
  What a week.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gerdner, Brett Bowen, Joe Sillio, and Alex Ramsey.
  Engineered and mastered by Alex Arshay.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  and liking our page on Facebook.
