 Forever.
.
.
 .
.
.
Dark!  Darkness falls out on the street, Evil rears its head.
  Get your crazy shake to go, And your fried doughnut bread.
  Beignets.
  The villains threaten this sacred place, This downtown shopping mall.
  We must defend the Lego store, And the Splitsville bowling balls.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, We must protect our AP discount meals.
  The Downtown Disney or to you, With secrets does the Earl of Sandwich conceal?  Glory's board is my cousin has been taken by evil forces that have inhabited Downtown Disney.
  In order to find them, he will need to thoroughly discuss every aspect of them all.
  Stores, restaurants, both of the Starbucks.
  We have 15 daily very necessary episodes and which to do so.
 I will be there to guide you and keep your conversations from getting too off topic for.
.
.
 .
.
.
boring.
  The Downtown Disney ordeal.
 Why do we do this to ourselves?  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, Level 2, Stage 1.
  Mine, oh shit, it's a Downtown Disney ordeal.
 I'm sorry, it's fine, I'll keep this in.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
 I forgot what ordeal we were in.
 We had defeated boss Nick Valenti and I thought it was done, but it's not done.
  Yeah, yeah, well, we're still recovering from what was a painful battle, but.
.
.
  Yeah, but we're doing well.
 We're doing well on this.
 Jason Sheridan is here.
  Hi, I'm here.
  That was Scott Gardiner.
  Yes, hi.
 I mean, obviously we're concerned about Eva.
  I don't.
.
.
 I hope that we'll find Eva again and I sense that we will.
  I hope.
  But this is a.
.
.
 we have not had this where a guest has gone missing during the episode, which is certainly a little alarming and obviously something we hope will not happen to our guests today.
  No, I hope she is here and makes it out safely.
 She is scared.
 She looks very scared.
 She might not even know what we're talking about.
  This is of course, Lindsay Katai.
 She lives here.
  That's what I'm known for.
  Yeah, she is my girlfriend.
 She is.
.
.
 you know her from the Duffy episode.
 You know her from the Tokyo episode.
 You know her from Infinity Train.
  Now finally it's been on and like every other time we've recorded.
  It's very exciting.
 And also my podcast Teen Creeps.
  Teen Creeps?  Yeah, of course, Teen Creeps.
  Can people know you from weighing in and correcting our dumbasses from the kitchen while we record?  Perhaps a chuckle in the background as well.
  Anything that happened before the year, let's say 1990, we've probably gotten wrong.
  Yes.
  Or that isn't in the theme park sphere.
 Anything that happened in the world.
  Edwin has jumped into her lap like a Mr.
 Bigglesworth, Dr.
 Evil situation.
  I'm stroking his head with an evil glint in my eye.
  I'll take a photo of it for the listeners.
  Today, you know, look, this is the Downtown Disney ordeal.
  There we go.
 That's a good photo.
  This is Downtown Disney ordeal.
 This is very serious.
 So you're on an episode now with stakes.
  I did not know that I was risking life and limb by appearing on the episode.
  Yeah, you should have told Lindsay that you said Eva Anderson disappeared.
  Is it like a Twilight Zone stuck in the walls kind of a thing?  We don't know.
 We turned to say thanks for being on the show and then she disappeared.
  I don't know where she is.
  I'm a fan of Eva's.
 This is upsetting.
  She's one of our favorite guests and I honestly, I don't know where to find her right now.
  Well, hopefully she turns up somewhere in the ordeal.
 I don't know.
 We'll see.
  But there's all these basically like, okay, if you remember the last one, the Sector Keeper was our guy.
  We were trying to free his spirit.
 But now there's all this other stuff.
  Evil spirits have invaded Downtown Disney and we're trying to, they've taken, Eva must have been taken by the,  I guess the same people who took the Level Keeper who's the Sector Keeper's cousin.
  So there's all this crazy stuff.
 We lost a battle with Nick, not lost a battle.
  We defeated Nick Valente.
 The evil dark Nick Valente.
  But then it took a dark turn.
  Yes.
 There were miseries.
  Yes.
 So as far as, yeah.
 So anyway, I'm sure it'll be fine today.
 I'm sure you're going to be fine.
  We'll see.
  The Sector Keeper jewels now.
 So if you wonder why your living room is like very foggy, it's from his jeweling.
  I wasn't going to ask, but thank you for clearing that up.
  Also anything we seem foggy about, we're blaming on the jewel vapor.
  Yep.
 Yeah.
  I'm going to get a contact jewel high.
  That's true.
 Yes.
  That's true.
  The only one you, any of us would get, I would have to think.
  Also, he's, he's mostly busy this episode.
 That's why he's not around, the Sector Keeper.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Mostly, but he told us we could check in real quick and just get our assignment for today.
  So let's do that right now.
 Oh great Sector Keeper.
 Where are we going today?  Boys, boys, today's stage is Pandora Jewelry, Jamba Juice slash Jamba and Sephora.
 Best of luck, boys.
  All right.
 So first things first, Pandora.
  Yes.
 Pandora Jewelry.
  Dora specifically.
  It's good that you have a lady here who wears a lot of Pandora to walk you through this.
  Yes.
  You, when you walk in a room, it's like a cat with a bell on.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You're bangle, you are covered in bangles.
  I'm approaching middle age and so obviously I am a part of this world now.
  The second I turned 37, Mike got me a Pandora bracelet.
 It was my favorite gift.
 Way better than Duffy.
  Oh, poor Duffy.
  Adult gifts.
  I also though bought.
  But then you bought one for Duffy.
  I was going to say I bought Duffy a few different things from Pandora.
  That's true.
 And now that has been a point of contention.
  Duffy gets one more bangle.
  He has a bracelet.
  He did.
 He got an extra bangle and it's been a real problem in the house.
  He has so many charms on his little bracelet.
  Because he has so many jobs.
 You need to give him a charm to represent his sailing and his painting and his dancing.
  Yeah, he does a lot of dancing.
 So, yes, Pandora.
  Yeah.
  This is a place that I had never been in until we had to be there.
  Yeah, me too.
  Although it had piqued my interest and gotten on my radar before the ordeal because of some ads that were appearing, I believe, mostly on Hulu.
  I'm still paid.
 I still do the ad version of Hulu and almost every commercial break for a little while.
  This will date it back in May with the major relief, the earth shattering release of live action Lion King.
  We were all thinking about it, all heavily anticipating it.
  There were these ads where it's majestic shots of the jungle, it's vastly superior, many, many hair follicles Simba and non brightly colored Timon and Pumbaa,  what we now accept in November here as the ultimate Timon and Pumbaa.
  Technically skilled, but not visually striking.
  Yes, you could say that, I guess.
  Well, it's real is what it is.
 It's a real war dog and real war dogs and lions can't open their mouths at all.
  They have the thinnest mouths.
 Their jaws are being wired shut.
  So there was this ad where it's so majestic and instrumental, Can You Feel the Love Tonight is playing and then Simba leans over to see his reflection in the waters and there's a ripple.
  And then his reflection is replaced by a little jewel.
  A charm.
  Their official term is charm.
  Yeah, because it's a fucking charm bracelet.
  And then the charm keeps going out of the water and envelops the whole screen.
  And then you realize it's all been an ad for Pandora's Lion King collection.
  I think I always find reflection stuff really funny.
  This is a really funny song.
  Mulan.
  Oh yes.
  That's a really funny song for Mulan.
 I believe for reflection.
  Look at all that water.
  I may have talked about it before, this really funny high school musical song.
  It's been the one where they work at a golf resort for summer and Zac Efron doesn't know who he is anymore.
  It's called Bed on It and he looks into the reflection and his reflection is way too bright and composed on there and sings back to him.
  And so seeing some reflection hijinks just made me really happy.
  And I got very like Pandora.
  And I guess I've seen that store at downtown Disney, but it's not like an ad for the radio.
  It's not like the.
.
.
  No, not Pandora, which is now merged with Sirius XM.
  It's Sirius XM Pandora.
  I see.
  But it's not that.
  It was like the Charm Bracelet Company bought Sirius XM.
  No, that would be very okay.
  I feel like their stock has dropped.
  Then they'd have like an Opie and Anthony Charm that you could buy.
  You could buy.
.
.
  But the way they render their logos are really similar too.
  So it always confuses me.
  I think I must have honestly passed by it at downtown Disney and thought this is like a sign up station for the radio.
  Really?  That's very funny.
  That seems like the kind of weird shit that would be.
.
.
  There's all this weird Samsung VR demonstrations at the Americana.
  That is something like that.
  One of those brick and mortar stores where you can't get anything brick and mortar.
  Yeah.
  It's just a weird void space that you enter to learn about.
  The actual void.
  For a minimal.
.
.
  That is one of this, I guess, coming up.
  It's just made me go ever since seeing that ad and now walking into the store.
  I still would ask this question, what the fuck is this?  What is Pandora?  This is the oddest thing to me.
  Do they have a Disney princess collection or is that the jewelry store sales?  They got all kinds of stuff.
  They have Disney princess collection.
  Okay.
  But first off, let's say that Pandora in Greek mythology is the first human woman created by Hephaestus on the instructions of Zeus.
  And she opened a box that unleashed all the evil ones.
  Yeah.
  It's a really good namesake to choose.
  Yeah.
  It makes perfect sense because the same way that you open a box and are delighted by your charm bracelet,  much as Pandora opened her box and was delighted by all of the plagues and petions.
  Evil is customizable.
  And that's the big selling point, I feel like, at Pandora is that it's customizable.
  So you can like, you may end up with an $800 bracelet, but it's made of like a $100 piece, a $30 piece, a $300.
  And it's all sterling silver, sterling silver and 14 karat gold they deal in.
  And did they have a Hercules collection when the movie Hercules came out?  That would be appropriate.
  Disney Association is pretty new.
  Fairly new.
  When the live action Hercules comes out, they will.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  There you go.
  Yeah.
  It would be a missed opportunity.
  Yes.
  To have a James Woods, Hades charm.
  Yeah.
  To go with your Opie and Anthony charm.
  And they will keep him the same way they kept James Earl Jones.
  Yeah.
  You can't replace James Woods.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So they have, what were you saying?  They have, it's just gold and silver.
  It's great.
  There's no bronze.
  0.
925 sterling silver.
  There is rose gold.
  And 14 karat gold.
  And then the accents include gemstones, cultured pearls, Murano glass and brilliant cubic zirconia.
  Of course, that is the fake diamond cubic zirconia.
  Of course.
  So your Disney spot for cubic zirconia.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  And this old charm bracelet thing, I was trying to, have you had a charm, does anyone do this?  Yeah, when I was a fucking child.
  I don't understand why this is being marketed to middle-aged women.
  And these are like 40s old.
  And I mean, at this point, not even middle-aged women.
  This has got to be like approaching seniorhood.
  Maybe, yeah.
  I'm honestly, I'm not exactly sure.
  I mean, these charms are not cheap.
  They're $40 for a tiny charm.
  And unattractive.
  Yeah.
  Well, I don't know.
  When I was researching some of that, I don't know if I would say unattractive, but it may be a little bit.
  Well, maybe they seem very new.
  Oh, I want that actually.
  That is cool.
  That is very cool.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Oh, my God.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Some of them are kind of cool.
  It's kind of cool, but it's also a little.
  The thing is, it's just a tiny charm jangling with a bunch of other charms.
  Yes.
  How do you, people don't even really get a good look at it.
  No one will ever stare at that on your wrist.
  And if somebody's like, can I look at your wrist for a while?  It's weird.
  Like if you make a lot of noise at the bank, maybe someone will ask you about them.
  Yeah.
  But traditionally, the way I know it is it's a elementary school boyfriend gift.
  Yes.
  That's right.
  That's good context.
  And then you add charm.
  Is that right?  You would add things to it.
  Yeah.
  So it would be like somebody gets you a charm bracelet.
  Maybe they get you three charms, four charms, five charms.
  And then you can add to it yourself or you can keep receiving charm gifts.
  Right.
  And it becomes like how your uncle finds out you're into tigers and then he just keeps  getting you tiger shit.
  Forever dressed.
  It was like, oh, I know Bethany has a charm bracelet.
  Let's just keep giving her charms.
  I'm a new uncle pretty recently and this is now the thing to avoid.
  I should try to learn a second fact about my niece.
  At least two facts and then you're like way ahead of the uncle game.
  One of the best uncles in the top uncle percentile.
  Maybe she'll like Disney ticket books, A through E baby.
  The E ticket.
  Oh, it's a very good Disney book.
  Lindsay likes it.
  It's a real bummer.
  She's been turned around quickly by this.
  You pees it up hot, you two, because Mike, you were saying on an earlier one, we wish  the world at Disney Store had like more specificity in their items for sale for maniacs like us.
  It's impressive.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So there are, there's a lot of Disney stuff in there and they have like, you know, your  standard, like, uh, you're liking characters and they have, uh, I think there's like a,  maybe a Jiminy Cricket and a Mickey and stuff like a Minnie.
  Um, and I don't know, Scott, if this is what you found or this is what you fascinated you  the most is that I'm looking through the site and Lindsay can attest to the excitement I  felt when I found this.
  This is a good find.
  There are Pandora exclusive characters.
  Oh, original characters that are specific to Pandora.
  So they own probably the IP.
  They're called the Pandora friends.
  And there are, I can't believe that they have this.
  This is, I was so excited about this Pandora friends.
  So this is like, remember when we found, what's that rock and roll, uh, lady's name, the doll,  like, I forgot her name Harley.
  Was it Harley Ray?  It was not.
  It was like Bailey Ray.
  It was not Harley.
  It was not the Hard Rock park.
  Like Barbie S yeah.
  She was an original IP.
  I do remember this.
  She was, we realized her from hard rock.
  Right.
  I must've been passing through the kitchen when you guys were talking.
  I think it's on the episode with Paul shear and the city walk saga is that we were Harper  Ray.
  Uh, which is, uh, yeah.
  Anyway.
  So a great thing for four adults to do a great thing for many adults.
  Uh, so there are characters, uh, in the Pandora friends series, like Pippo, the flying pig,  uh, and the writeup for Pippo is anything is possible in a world where pigs can fly  and Pippo, the flying pig will surely agree.
  One of the Pandora friends Pippo, the flying pig represents the belief that all you have  to do is trust in yourself to make your wildest dreams come true.
  The charms, adorable design features a pair of small wings and a cute oversized head to  let everyone know that dreaming big is always an option.
  So there's your Pippo pig.
  Does this predate Pippo pig?  Uh, that's a good question.
  We need to look into that.
  Uh, some other, very cute names.
  Uh, boo.
  The ghost is another character.
  Nino, the hedgehog, Dino, the dinosaur, Nino Dino, Reno, the rhinoceros.
  And then we get into my favorites, floral, floral Bella bot, who is a robot.
  And there she is.
  It's a Rosie the robot.
  She's good heart beeps.
  Uh, it's a little bit like heartbeat.
  Our heart beeps line.
  Uh, she's, this is her just for the season in a floral headpiece and butterfly wings.
  Uh, then she of course has Rob bot here.
  And he is the boyfriend of Bella bot and he's a Pandora friend.
  And then they have Bobby bot, the dog robot, meet Bella bots, faithful dog, Bobby bot with moving left legs, flapping ears and a heart full of charm.
  He is a bot's best friend.
  Take him for a walk on your bracelet together with Bella bot.
  So the bots are my favorite of all of the Pandora IP.
  Obviously, uh, Bella Rob and Bobby.
  Those are my favorite Pandora characters.
  Bella Rob.
  Are you going to get to my favorite?  Bella bot.
  Which one was your favorite?  Uh, the one with the unfortunate name.
  Isn't there one with like a nothing name?  Oh, well that's not okay.
  So here's what we're getting to this.
  That is not an official Pandora friend.
  What?  They have other characters and designs that don't fall under the umbrella of the Pandora friends.
  That's why it doesn't have a real name.
  Well, if I get to pitch to Disney Plus, I know what subject matter and I know who my room is.
  They're all right here.
  Travel to the world of cubic zirconia where you'll meet the Pandora friends.
  The one line that has nothing to do with Disney.
  So that's just a deal they make.
  They just have a relationship.
  Those are Disney characters.
  They have to pay a silver company to use these characters.
  Wait, so they're not okay.
  No, this is only Pandora.
  They're Pandora generated characters, not original Disney characters generated for Pandora.
  I don't believe so.
  And it has anything to do with Pandora the world of Avatar.
  Nothing to do with Pandora the world of Avatar.
  Too much crossover.
  Or Pandora the woman who committed the original sin of unleashing evil to them.
  I guess that would be an Eve.
  Right, it's kind of the same Eve.
  I never thought about that.
  So they have other original characters that aren't named.
  So here's one of my favorites, little boy charm.
  And little boy charm is adorable.
  You are making such intense eye contact with me right now.
  He's got a beanie with a propeller on the top and he's smiling and I'm not going to say.
  Just give me the box.
  God damn it.
  Look, it's $55.
  I did not buy you one.
  If I was doing better financially, maybe I would have.
  I found a $22 Pippo the flying pig on Etsy.
  Is it Boo-Legged Pippo?  It says it's 100% 925 Sterling.
  Why would they be selling this on Etsy?  Etsy has a resale stuff.
  Because remember when you said that you should buy those pins on Amazon, you got a lot of flack for that because those are burner pins.
  Those aren't fake Disney pins.
  This Pippo would just be for me.
  If I put the affection on it, it's still valid.
  Here, we'll post all of these.
  Here's grandpa charm as well.
  Once again, I can see your appeal to daggers.
  Why are you staring, leaning towards Jason?  Here's Princess emoticon.
  I do like these are my favorite ones so far.
  No offense to the robots.
  Okay, so Princess character charm.
  Princess character.
  Was this before or after Disney?  It's unclear.
  They got a lot of princesses to work with now.
  This one just says wifey on it.
  It looks like a dog tag also.
  Oh, no.
  It just says wifey.
  This one just says nurse on it and has a stethoscope.
  Yeah, these are your standard charms where it's like if you were in elementary school, you would have gotten a book if you were a reader.
  Now you're an adult and your husband's like, I don't know.
  She's a nurse.
  There's a charm that says your job on it.
  Here's a cool face emoticon charm.
  Big lips, big sunglasses.
  Yeah, very fun.
  Here is one that you, Lindsay, will like a lot.
  Pink popcorn charm.
  Oh, hell yeah.
  Lindsay, a big popcorn fan.
  The problem is I might eat it.
  There's a good chance that you would get in a moment of weakness.
  It's getting lodged in there just like a kernel.
  You got to be careful.
  Don't swallow that.
  And then yeah, and then there's sweet tree monster charm.
  This is a little monster man tree character.
  It's just Groot with green eyes.
  So I am very, very interested in the expanded Pandora world because obviously there's multiple continuities now.
  There's just like a emoticon face continuity, but also the Pandora friends and they are separate.
  So there's many different potential shows and movies based on the Pandora characters, what I'm getting at.
  And then eventually like the Avengers, you bring all of the Pandora charm characters together in one movie.
  Yes.
  And that's really, I think, going to be very exciting for the viewer.
  And like the Lego movie, you have access to like all of, you know, the like Ariel's in it because she's a Pandora charm.
  She's a charm.
  Taylor made for Disney Plus.
  A nurse stethoscope is in it.
  That's right.
  I think other jewelry companies might sell like not bootleg, but like might sell charm sized for standard Pandora dimensions because I have a memory of being down the Jersey Shore and seeing a jewelry store.
  Go like, get your charms that say that's the logo for like Johnson's Caramel corn and manco and manco pizza.
  Like the local landmarks.
  You can get a charm of that to put on a charm bracelet.
  How's it going? Manco delicious.
  It's like the best.
  Hmm.
  It used to be Mac and Manco and the family's had a falling out.
  Well, I think he's going to jail.
  He was skimming money in the hundreds of thousands.
  Oh man.
  It's crazy.
  Geez.
  Don't commemorate him on a charm.
  That's for sure.
  Did you ever own, did anyone here, I mean, did you ever own a bracelet as a child of any kind?  Hmm.
  I wasn't even answering because I feel like it's assumed a girl would.
  I was assumed I was being very.
  I had a tennis bracelet.
  I did have a charm bracelet at one point in time.
  I wish that my memory were better these days, but I could tell you what terms there were.
  Right.
  Don't remember.
  What do you know?  Can you tell me why?  Why were they called tennis bracelets?  I assume they originated with like rich women playing tennis, wanting to wear a delicate bracelet.
  That wouldn't fly off.
  Yeah.
  Cause they were like, yeah, but tennis bracelets as far as the traditional version I know is just like a ring of, I assume for the richer people, diamonds.
  But as a child for me was obviously cubic zirconia.
  Right.
  I see.
  I feel like I had like, I'm a grown up now.
  I had like a, I feel like my friend of mine who moved away and made me like a friendship bracelets out of like kind of like red and maybe like not twine, but like some light material.
  I feel like it unraveled after a month or two.
  Sure.
  I had some slap bracelets.
  Oh, hell yeah.
  Sure.
 Yeah, right now.
 And then there's other kind of fabric 90s ones that were like black or green or orange and had flex on them.
  There were usually prizes at Chuck E.
 Cheese or someone like Chuck E.
 Cheese.
  Also there were lanyard bracelets.
  I made a few of those in my day.
  What was lanyard?  It's like the plastic string that you would then braid into a little square at summer camp.
  You could make either lanyard keychains or lanyard bracelets.
  Right.
  And then a really common one with girls were the best friends bracelets where you had one half of a heart and your friend had the other one.
  Yours would say like best and yours would say friend.
  Right.
  That's sweet.
  We got to do that for the podcast.
  A three way one?  Okay.
  Aw, cute.
  Does Pandora make a three way charm bracelet that we could all wear?  Oh, I found the charm that I said was my favorite last night just because of the name.
  Oh.
  Square cartoon face Murano glass charm.
  That's my favorite character.
  Cartoon face.
  And his eyes are like, he's like a little bit cross eyed.
  Why?  I don't know.
  Because it's fun I guess.
  Because he's kooky.
  He's kooky.
  If you were going to try to exactly nail the charm bracelet set for you, there is a very helpful item on Pandora's website, specifically within the Disney line area on the website.
  There is a quiz that you can do that determines what's your Disney DNA.
  Oh, wow.
  I love quizzes.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  It's a lot of fun, I believe it's five questions and I'm sure once you've answered them you'll understand exactly why you got the results you got and there you'll find them to be incredibly accurate.
  But it's like it's through one of the slowest loading flash games you could imagine.
  It's not Oh My Disney's What's Your Disney Character DNA?  No.
  I found a different quiz about your Disney DNA on Oh My Disney just now.
  Yes.
  No, it's on Pandora's Disney sub site.
  Yes.
  Start by providing a sample of your DNA.
  I had to send a urine sample to Pandora.
com.
  I will so basically through five questions the only one I could, what's that?  I said that's not how you get DNA.
  Yeah, yeah, this right?  I think it's P.
  Maybe you are getting cease and desist letters.
  Please stop sending urine samples to all the Disney Disney's.
  If I send enough P then they'll know the kind of juice and ice cream that's what I want.
  No, that's I hope I did this right.
  They said the note is the worst part.
  What's my sandal DNA, Sanuk?  Enjoy the P.
  I answered five trivia questions.
  I only remember one of them which is like what's your personal anthem and then you get five random Disney songs.
  One of them I think is Zero to Hero.
  Are you doing that right now?  Yeah, and I said like what's your motto and I said Mother knows best.
  Was that an option or did you type that in?  No, no.
  I hacked to the website to write it in.
  It wasn't an option to write in but I figured it out.
  Michael, we've gotten cease and desist letters.
  Please stop hacking websites to say Mother knows best.
  You're finishing yours right now.
  I will say my results which is that I am lighthearted like Mickey.
  I am selfless like Erik, Prince Erik.
  Little Mermaid.
  Selfless.
  Yeah, I know he is.
  I don't see it.
  I don't see it.
  And I got outgoing like Simba.
  The old Simba who although it's an old version of Simba not the superior Favreau one but Simba who piqued my interest in this entire thing.
  He was one of my charms.
  So if I were to have my correct Disney DNA I am Simba, Mickey and Erik.
  And I don't know how they ended up.
  There's never a gender question and I ended up with all male choices.
  Aaron did it and got selfless like Aladdin.
  What are these?  Selfless?  He risks himself.
  Eventually he is.
  Eventually.
  He frees the genie.
  He makes some creepy choices as it goes.
  Aaron is selfless like Aladdin.
  Heroic like Erik.
  Different Erik quality.
  Don't you dare get Erik for your for his heroism.
  And lighthearted like Cinderella.
  Okay number one I got Belle.
  I always put others first just like Belle when she offers herself up as the Beast's prisoner in place of her father.
  When phrased that way it's very troubling.
  I am Grumpy.
  You are cautious just like Grumpy who warns the dwarves.
  Don't touch it you fools.
  Might be poison.
  When they go touching a bubbling cauldron left in their house.
  That's true.
  That was sensible advice though.
  Yeah it was.
  And I'm always telling you not to touch a bubbling cauldron.
  I never learned.
  And there's another one.
  Oh and I'm Erik.
  For what reason?  This character was the talk of the playground when you were in school.
  Did you have them on your lunch box or pencil case?  No.
  I got that as well.
  Wait it didn't give you the.
.
.
what was the quality of Erik?  We'll go to the next page and look at that.
  Yeah it's heroic like Erik.
  Smart like Grumpy.
  Selfless like Belle.
  I mean this nailed me honestly.
  I was going to say it did.
  That's yeah so.
  That is who you are.
  That is pretty good.
  Very nice.
  The Mickey descriptor was similarly bizarre where it says Mickey brings his friends together to solve challenges.
  And make it one big game.
  That is it.
  Does Mickey ever done that?  I guess.
  I think so.
  Mickey has no qualities is the problem.
  They gave me Mickey because I'm flat.
  Not enough about me so I had to get Mickey.
  Okay I can take it on an iPad.
  Yeah so I'll take mine.
  Yeah yeah take it.
  Well but let me say.
  Oh okay.
  Oh no no no.
  Well I was just going to say I feel like we've been you know critical here and there.
  Some downtown Disney stuff.
  I'll say this.
  I think downtown Disney compared to City Walk.
  I think downtown Disney does a better job of having places that if you were on vacation.
  You would go like oh I'll splurge for that.
  You know on vacation.
  You know.
  Hmm.
  I did not think about the cost.
  I'll impulse buy.
  You know.
  Sure sure sure.
  I feel like less of that.
  You can only get there.
  Yeah at City Walk.
  Well my my wife who is selfless light hearted and heroic splurged on me for my birthday.
  A couple months ago and knowing my obsession with this commercial got me.
  Oh wow.
  My very own and I'll show you it's still mounted in the card that she gave me with it.
  The cards they call each other pal.
  It says happy birthday to my pal.
  And it is a big.
  It's a big Simba.
  And then you open it up and dangling inside a screenshot of the reflection.
  Is there is genuine pen.
  And as she said a genuine Pandora Jim for my king.
  And he has a little like he's got a little red nose and dark eyes.
  I'll pass around if you want to see if we since we haven't don't know what one of these is like up close.
  Here I'll send it this way first.
  She has the greatest handwriting I have ever seen.
  Well it's her profession.
  That's true.
  She's very.
  Thanks for that.
  Yeah.
  She's good at making cards too.
  What's that?  This looks like Mufasa.
  It might be Mufasa.
  Well I don't know.
  You know what I've been saying Simba.
  But Simba does grow up.
  So essentially people mistake Mufasa for Simba form Mufasa.
  That's true.
  So a very thoughtful gift.
  It did make me very happy.
  I think I have to say I believe she did get it on the black market.
  I don't think this was from Pandora.
  She just made this card herself.
  Well yes.
  It's so crafty.
  I thought it was professional.
  I have a lot of good nice things to say about my wife.
  I'm glad you did.
  Yeah.
  It's very.
  I don't want to unmount it from this.
  And she even tied it in the back with a little thread.
  It's like a little piece itself.
  So you don't want to put.
  She's so artistic.
  If you want to put it like maybe you're going to get very interested in another charm eventually.
  And then maybe like you will be tempted I think to put it on a bracelet.
  But we'll see because it's hard to take it off that because it's a piece of itself.
  Sitting in the reflection pool where.
  Right.
  My favorite moment where Simba looks in the water and realizes he's really a charm.
  Right.
  I love my quiz.
  I have to say no one's mentioned the unnerving DNA strand made of pearls floating in the background.
  It's kind of a Mickey like the little like because you get three choices and then they sort of form.
  Oh they form a Mickey.
  But as your.
  Genetic Mickey.
  As the quiz appears there's like a DNA.
  Well whatever you call it in the background.
  Strand.
  Strand.
 Yeah.
  It's very pretty.
  Mr.
 DNA.
  Mr.
 DNA.
  I'm taking it right now.
  OK I got happy from the seven dwarfs you love helping out others just like happy who does the talking for the shy dopey.
  I do talk a lot.
  Kanga.
  I'm getting some different ones.
  You are always open to making new friends just like Kanga who immediately invites Tigger to live with her and Rue when he first arrives in the hundred acre wood.
  I forgot she did that.
  I don't remember that.
  Takes in a strange drifter.
  A lot of manic energy.
  Eric.
  School ground lunchbox or pencil case.
  Yeah that's it.
  I'm these three weird choices.
  There's the charm.
  What was the Eric quality.
  Heroic.
  Why did both of you not say the Eric quality.
  Because we didn't get into it.
  It's on the last page.
  Selfless outgoing heroic.
  You haven't gone through all of them yet.
  OK.
  You're not understanding the website.
  Hold on.
  Hold on a second.
  Hours of fun this game.
  The charm for Eric is a shell.
  The charm for happy is I can't tell what that is.
  Big fat belly.
  It's like I think it's all of them.
  And the charm for Kanga is Eeyore.
  What the shit.
  I guess that's the only.
  This is female erasure.
  That is true.
  There's no way they have a dang Kanga charm.
  Here's a male character.
  What did you get.
  I got Pinocchio first.
  You're a liar.
  I am selfless like just like Pinocchio.
  Yeah and I get liar is way more Pinocchio and like aimless and gullible and.
  A disgusting actor.
  Almost turns into a donkey.
  You are selfless just like Pinocchio when he risks his life to save his father proving his selflessness to the blue fairy.
  Ish.
  I also got happy.
  Outgoing and friendly with everyone.
  Son of a bitch.
  You got to be fucking kidding me.
  Eric.
  Eric.
  Why?  Why in God's name?  I have a theory.
  I got selfless outgoing and heroic.
  My theory is that they have like an overstock of shells.
  Yeah.
  And they're like we got to call everyone Eric I guess to get it.
  Like and so they're like when they have too many bells they'll just be like everyone's bell.
  Everyone's selfless.
  You turn the shell upside down.
  That's weird.
  It's the bottom of her dress.
  Your bell.
  Here's their skirt.
  Your bell now.
  I said my anthem was poor unfortunate souls.
  Why are you Eric?  Heroic.
  Heroic.
  I'm the only selfless Eric in the room.
  Yeah.
  Well I'm a lying selfless person.
  I'm the so I looked at it.
  The Pinocchio is just a little Pinocchio charm hanging after the mobs got to him.
  The Eric one is the shell and the happy one is all of the dwarves shoved in a mash.
  Yeah.
  I got that.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Which is kind of disturbing like they've been rolled up into a wheel and are fused  together for eternity.
  Like a dwarf king, like a rat king.
  Yeah.
  They're a dwarf king.
  This is David Crote.
  It's tragic.
  Seven dwarves.
  It is.
  It's body horror.
  Let's try.
  Okay.
  I'm going to go back in the quiz.
  Let's try to see you getting something way different.
  First question is what year were you born?  I'm going to put 1902.
  Okay.
  So 1902.
  What song is your anthem?  Zero to hero.
  I just can't wait to be king.
  Let it go.
  Mother knows best.
  Poor unfortunate souls.
  Let's say like poor unfortunate souls.
  That's what I said too.
  Do we need to do something else?  Let it go.
  It's too late.
  Zero to hero.
  It's too late.
  It's too late.
  Okay.
  The next, yeah, the DNA really takes a while to load.
  You've got a day off.
  Do you explore somewhere new?  Spend all day with a good book?  Do something creative?  Make new friends at a party?  Hang out with friends.
  I said book.
  It's so generic.
  Book.
  I would say-  Well, I said book.
  Do something.
  Don't say book.
  Explore somewhere new.
  Okay.
  Let's say that.
  And then cute Mickey shoots a star out of his hand at the DNA to add-  He often is blasting pyro from his fingers.
  That's true.
  Very often in the parks.
  Blasting pyro.
  Do you discover some treasure?  Do you give it all to charity?  Share it with friends, family.
  Keep what you need.
  Give the rest away.
  Go on a shopping spree.
  Bury it in the garden and tell no one.
  Jason, did you say bury it?  No, I said-  Feeling weak.
  I said, I split the difference and said keep what I need and give the rest away.
  Sure, sure.
  I said too.
  We all lied about that.
  Yeah.
  Most selfless answer.
  Bury it in the garden and tell no one's what I'm clicking on.
  Keep what I need and keep the rest also.
  Okay.
  Mickey is now blessed to the DNA.
  You're setting out an adventure.
  Do you create a detailed list of all possible destinations?  That's what I said for me.
  Ask friends for recommendations.
  Flip a coin.
  Choose a destination at random.
  Let the roads be your guide.
  I assume none of us said let the roads be our guide, right?  I asked for recommendations.
  Yeah, do let the roads be their guide.
  Me too.
  Okay.
  Well, once again, Jason and I are the same person.
  Yes, a running theme.
  I refrain from saying that you both should have sleepy as your dwarf.
  Just fucking say it.
  You called me a liar already.
  No, that was me.
  And said my favorite charm was going to be popcorn.
  Really just like exposing me.
  They said you would like that one.
  Also, when I turned, you gave me Duffy for one of my birthdays.
  You guys are mixing up what I've done wrong to each of you.
  You're planning a night in with friends.
  You go karaoke, fancy dress, Disney movie marathon, games night, fancy dress.
  I don't think any of us answered that.
  Yeah, okay.
  Fancy dress.
  I said karaoke.
  I think I said that too.
  Very limited.
  And considerate for the neighbors.
  Well, it's not in your apartment.
  It said a night in, not a night out.
  Oh yeah, you're right.
  That is weird then.
  You'd have to have a machine.
  It's karaoke at home.
  That is weird.
  I mean, you can do it.
  But like I've.
  The gaming systems have them, I guess.
  That is true.
  Machines.
  They should have been more specific.
  Okay.
  So we've gotten Minnie.
  You're the whole head and tend to stay calm in stressful situations, just like Minnie,  who often takes charge of hectic situations in the house of mouse.
  Some of those old cartoons, Minnie mostly screams.
  You have to take charge of a hectic situation?  Use the tin.
  And as we revealed in that old cartoon, the comic strip that we talked about in the Mary  Holland episode, Mickey in the 1930s said that she was a peach for looks, but an applesauce  for brains.
  God, I love that.
  I love that line so much.
  So funny.
  Princess Jasmine.
  Oh, this is all new stuff.
  Yeah.
  Just like Jasmine, you accept.
  You wish the best of others.
  And then the last one is Grumpy.
  So yeah, it's Minnie, Jasmine, Grumpy.
  So this is the opposite of us.
  Yes.
  Selfless serious.
  All right.
  Anyway.
  We aren't this at all.
  The punk gets the right hive mind.
  Let's see listeners that we challenge you to find the weirdest combination of the three  taking these quizzes.
  Can you get Hades?  Can you get No Shell?  Can you get the goat that Mickey cranks that plays Turkey in the Straw?  I took it again and I got Doc.
  You helped Mickey make great music.
  Did I get Doc last time?  No, I got happy.
  But is it always the same seven dwarf like goo?  Yeah.
  There was a human centipede of charms.
  Dwarf human centipede.
  Oh, horrible.
  When we were talking about Downtown Disney and we're like, yeah, it's a little thin.
  Who knew we would do 40 minutes on Pandora?  That is why we ever learn this lesson.
  I want to stop interrupting as much.
  No, please.
  I guess with that.
  This is a common team creeps mini sodas.
  We just take a quiz.
  Oh, really?  Yeah.
  That's fun.
  Our listeners, our donors are supportive.
  Sure.
  Great.
  Well, this is a one.
  This is 10% of the episode.
  Oh, no.
  Oh, God.
  We're going to keep going.
  Let me just briefly name check that there is a weird array of disembodied fingers with  it show how the terms can be worn to shed out to the disembodied finger row.
  If you go in the physical store and you can put on headphones and watch a movie about  how they're made, which seems like shady and in Thailand.
  Yes.
  So then that blood charms.
  Blood charms.
  People died to make a sequel to Blood Diamond.
  Blood charm.
  Do we feel comfortable enough to move to?  I feel.
  Yes, I feel comfortable.
  I'm feeling juiced up.
  Very good.
  And off we go to what is good currently in its final days, Jamba Juice.
  Yes.
  But what we have learned is that this entire company is rebranding to be Jamba.
  Open ended Jamba.
  We are all about to witness a great becoming.
  The rebirth.
  Juice is a, there's a negative connotation these days for juice.
  That's what I was reading.
  That's what the company feels.
  What?  That juice is sugary.
  We were obsessed with juice now.
  Sugary and.
  I was explaining this to the sector keeper.
  Yeah.
  It's like fake stuff and there's been like, yeah, it's not so many D times.
  So it's like bowl, it gets a lot more Acai bowls and different, yeah, different juices  and everything's getting more health conscious.
  They're going to try to put a little less sugar in their drinks.
  Sure.
  But juice is like.
  It's got a lot of sugar.
  Cold pressed juice is everywhere now and you can charge $10 a bottle.
  I experienced this.
  There's a juice place by me and I was like, I'm feeling kind of, I don't remember when  I had a vegetable.
  Let me go get a green juice.
  And I looked on the like website to see when they opened and it was like $10 for a bottle  of just single serve bottle of juice.
  And I was like, fuck this.
  I'm going to Trader Joe's.
  It's $4.
  Yeah.
  What kind of juice was it?  Cold pressed green juice.
  Oh, okay.
  Have you ever heard of Moon juice?  I think it's called Moon juice.
  It's like this very fancy store.
  I know there's at least one in West Hollywood on Melrose and that place is bananas.
  It's like the crystal shop of juices.
  There's a crazy one over in Burbank that's like 10, 12, $15 juices that have like, it's  like char, I mean, I know that it's not that crazy.
  Charcoal juice.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Exactly.
  You know what I'm talking about?  Okay.
  Real quick about juice and smoothies in general for years, Jamba juice had fooled me.
  I probably said this on the air before they have fooled me into thinking that it wasn't  just chock full of sugar and I was just going in there to get a dessert.
  Yeah.
  I'm a, I was a fucking idiot.
  Yeah.
  It happened with vitamin water.
  I've been tricked so many times in my dumb life.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I like, Oh, well this is a vitamin.
  I'm drinking vitamins.
  You would show up to like improv practices drinking.
  You would either have a Jamba juice or you'd be eating a happy meal.
  And there was no in between.
  So I would, and I was tricked by McDonald's.
  I thought happy meals were good.
  And they just, I was like, there's gotta be a chemical that makes me happy.
  Like an anti-depressant.
  Yeah.
  Happy meals now at 25?  Well, what I would do is, what I would do is I would get like a happy meal cause it's  a smaller portion.
  It's a deal.
  It's a smaller portion.
  So I would have just a little bit of the terrible food and then we would play some sort of game  and then we would get, we would give the toy away as like a present in practice.
  Yeah.
  So it's like sort of a little ritual.
  That sounds fun.
  But I knew that was bad food.
  I remember like being fooled by Jamba juice and still being fooled when I learned of Jamba  juice's secret menu.
  This is one of the first times I ever learned about a secret menu.
  It was like 10 years ago when someone told me that they had like gummy bear flavor.
  Whoa.
  Like red gummy.
  And I was like, I remember I was at the third street promenade and I went in and I ordered  it and I felt like I was like, I knew a, but a special club.
  And then I was drinking it still.
  And I would still be like, this is a, this is good for me.
  You were tired of juicing red gummies at home.
  Yes.
  Old fashioned way.
  The machine is so expensive and you have to clean it out like in between, like in the  middle of trying to juice.
  I used to work next to a Jamba juice and I would get the green juice at lunch with the  boosts.
  The boosts never really did anything.
  If I was really hungry, I'd get a sandwich or a little handheld waffle.
  And the thing is the green juice, and I just had a green smoothie with kale in it.
  The green juice, if they are truly, truly healthy, shouldn't taste that good.
  The green juices, they still have a Jamba or Jamba juice.
  Tastes too good.
  It's like the number one ingredient is lemonade on some of them.
  And it's like, kale is like the fifth thing down and it's the only green and who knows?  Like we're still being tricked.
  I was drinking this green juice from what's the company?  Suja?  Yeah, Suja.
  And you pointed out after like a few months that there weren't even that many vitamins  in it.
  It was like the vitamin content and it was like next to nothing.
  And it was like $10 bottles.
  You destroy the fibrous stuff with all the vitamins in it when you juice.
  Yeah.
  Well, yeah, it wasn't even just no fiber.
  It was like not really any vitamin A, not really any vitamin C, K, nothing.
  And that tasted bad.
  That just tasted bad.
  Yeah, it did.
  I refused to drink it and you were on my ass about it.
  We were like, just drink green juice every day.
  Because we both lament.
  And I was like, no, it's a lie.
  We both lament the fact that it's like hard sometimes to make vegetables if you're trying  to run and get something fast in the fridge.
  It's like, hey, you got to put a little salad together and you got to put some on.
  So I was trying to figure out a solution to this.
  And I found that and I thought it was working.
  And you pointed it out.
  And for a long time when you were like, I'm not eating enough vegetables.
  I was like, well, just get this green juice.
  And then finally you put me to shame.
  You said, I'm sorry, there aren't that many vitamins in this.
  Like maybe it was a really good placebo and you're getting like placebo vitamin A.
  Maybe.
  I don't know how it works.
  But I just think this whole like health thing with smoothies and green drink in general.
  Over and over again, just being duped in a different way.
  Yes, I'm a rube.
  I'm an idiot.
  I'm drinking an acai smoothie right now.
  It's great.
  I really like it.
  It's a lot less sweet.
  It's a lot more.
  There's like dates in it.
  It's that kind of sweet.
  Sure.
  I went to, and I'm not saying it's yours because they're different, but I was going to a place  that has that has acai bowls and I was getting it and I was like, oh my God, I'm so healthy.
  This is delicious.
  I'm getting a lot of fruit, although that has sugar.
  It's still fruit.
  Right.
  It's fruit sugar.
  However, then I found out it was basically acai flavored ice cream.
  And I was like, you've got to be fucking kidding me.
  I can't win.
  I just want to eat something fast and healthy and to go.
  I was, I ordered this knowing it was the case, but I ordered an acai bowl at Whole Foods  a few weeks ago and I looked and it was 1500 calories.
  Exactly.
  So like it's all, everything is a scam.
  Everything's a lie.
  Everything's a lie.
  Everything's fake.
  And I even looked at the new Jamba website and it's the same shit.
  It's not even like they've really overhauled and now it's like something different.
  It's just, they're trying to rebrand to maybe like anybody who has sort of a negative connotation  or feels like they were duped by Jamba Juice, like come back.
  It's all good.
  And it's not like it's bad.
  And again, it's  brilliant in the same way that calling it S Y F Y redefine the sci-fi channel forever.
  Oh, so it's not just science fiction.
  It's like, it could be whatever it wants to be.
  And I know that because there's wise in it now.
  Yes.
  The Y Jamba is going to, nobody is going to remember like just having milkshake bloat  from what they thought was healthy juice.
  Yes.
  They took the word juice out.
  I mean, it's become the one stop shop for geeked them.
  I mean, I like to think of it like that.
  Well, we all were looking for a home for geeked them.
  I mean, and we found it at sci-fi.
  How can I let my geeked them out?  I yeah, it's just like, I have been looking, I've been looking to express my geeked them.
  It is a world where you cannot say that you were a dork and I am about ready to make for  it to be acceptable in this world to finally declare that I'm a big old dork.
  I'm going to open up a competitor to Moon Juice.
  It's called dork juice.
  Oh man.
  It's for schlubs to get their fancy crystal juices.
  Wow.
  That's a good idea.
  You mean in the way that crystals are.
  Visit MoonJuice.
com and you'll see why I'm phrasing it that way.
  And I'm a woman who loves her crystals, except somebody just forwarded me an article about  how it's like on the backs of child slave labor, like digging up these crystals, not  done with that.
  There's no joy to be had in this world.
  Is there a juice that grinds up Pandora charms and lets me get the good, the great charm?  Oh, that's a good idea.
  The charms are being made by child labor.
  Yeah.
  Well, I assume that, but Tiffany Haddish told everyone to drink turpentine.
  I saw that article this week.
  She was on the red carpet at the Emmy.
  That was so long ago.
  So now everyone's been drinking turpentine.
  Listening to this.
  No, no.
  If you go to Amazon and look up reviews of turpentine, people are doing it as like a  snake oil kind of cure all back in the day.
  People would drink turpentine along with radium water.
  It was like, this will cure is what else?  Yeah.
  It's like an article.
  I saw people, it's an old Sheridan family remedy.
  Sheridan family thing.
  I saw somewhat like multiple people on my Facebook feed.
  I saw recently, like there was an article that said like she cured her Alzheimer's by  changing her diet.
  And it was from like evolution dash news.
  Oh, I love sites like that.
  People are like, I look into this news dot biz.
  Yeah.
  Mm hmm.
  Anyway, yeah.
  Do they think it like inoculates your body to toxins?  I think it kills toxins in your stomach.
  What it really does is kill your stomach lining and the toxins that are supposed to be there.
  Are we sure it's bad for you?  Better.
  I'll try being anti duped.
  You're going to get.
  You're going to get.
  I don't believe anybody, but anything anymore.
  Anti vaxxers going to turpentine thinking that that's the better solution.
  It's possible, but maybe it is.
  Maybe I'm a true maybe they'll re after rebrand again.
  And in 2022, their Jamba turpentine.
  It's like I saw that anti vax tweet where it was like some guy posting a photo of this  like six year old crying, holding a card, saying goodbye from his first grade class.
  And they were like, this is a little boy being forced to leave the first grade because his  mother doesn't believe in vaccinations.
  This is what you're doing to children.
  And I was like, what the.
  And so I looked into it and from 20, 20.
  2017 to April, 2019, it was purely a cryptocurrency pusher.
  All it did was a Twitter account.
  All it did was promote a certain kind of cryptocurrency.
  And then in April, 2019, there was a hard turn and now it's nothing but an anti vax  account.
  They're like, this is a bot.
  This is a bot.
  We're all getting mad at it, but it's not real.
  Nothing is real.
  And you can find like you just look for that kid and there's like a he's like a stock photo  actor.
  You could find him in a sailor suit like two days prior.
  My theory is it was like the last day of first grade.
  This kid was going to miss all of his classmates.
  It was some mom in Illinois posting on Facebook.
  And now it's a like tool of politics.
  Jamba's rebrand is that they are a suitable replacement for vaccinations.
  Instead, moms don't want to inject poison into your children.
  Jamba, Jamba, don't be number one.
  Be patient zero.
  It's a good slogan.
  I like.
  OK, I don't want to trash.
  I'm too kind of think of it as a good dessert that you might get some vitamins from.
  You don't want to milkshake if you're in more of a sherbet move.
  This is your place to go.
  Like I eat a ton of ice cream.
  Who am I to criticize?  It's the being tricked part.
  Yes, that's what I'm saying.
  And like you can get like just carrot juice from there if you want.
  So there's a couple options sometimes where I go.
  Well, you are getting like a pure juice experience.
  You can get like a wheatgrass shot and they do it.
  I was about to say, as soon as I realized that it was just sugar, I would go into Jamba  Juice and I'd buy like a three dollar double wheatgrass shot and you got a little orange  afterwards.
  Yes.
  And I you know, you see them take just straight up wheatgrass and put it through a juicer  and that's what comes out.
  So that's what if that's like suja.
  And you're getting none of the vitamin K that you think you're getting.
  You fools.
  There's lawns everywhere in Los Angeles.
  Free for the picket.
  Wheatgrass lawns.
  How about this?  Maybe we have to give this location some credit because at the Disneyland Resort, there is  not there are not a lot of fast places to get something that might be beneficial to  you and not super unhealthy.
  That's true.
  A lot of things are unhealthy there.
  But if you're like, I've been at Disneyland for three days and I'm on my way to something,  is there something quick that is not bad for me that I could do?  You could do it.
  Yes.
  And it's probably not bad that it's there.
  And you could have there's a I forget what it's called, but there's like a yogurt type  strawberry granola, you know, 300.
  Parfait?  Sort of, yes.
  But it's called something different.
  It's like a strawberry topper or something.
  It's called something fun.
  So like a parfait?  Yes.
  It's very similar to a parfait.
  Get his ass.
  No, I'm getting Jamba's ass.
  Yeah, I was just going to name it.
  I forget what it's called.
  But that's not a terrible thing to have in the morning and you get a little bit of protein  from the granola, you know, there's so it's not like I'm not trying to trade.
  It's not completely like you're there's there's benefits to it.
  And you know what else they have?  Oat milk.
  Oat milk is here.
  Yes.
  Several places in the store.
  It says oat milk is here.
  They are they are pushing the oat milk.
  The humane option.
  They're also going to start rolling out pea protein.
  Protein made from peas.
  Vegan protein.
  Yes.
  So they're trying to push a little.
  It's called pea protein.
  It's made from peas.
  It's in peas.
  You know, urine protein.
  Oh, I know.
  It's just weird.
  Unless you've been sending them all your pea samples and then they're like, well, we got  to do something with it.
  I hope they're using it for something.
  You have proteins in your pea, right?  I don't know if it's good when you do, but.
  There's got to be protein in your pea.
  From Alive in Waterworld.
  That's true.
  Bad protein.
  All right.
  It's just like as you want these places to be sort of magical in their displays and elevated  because they're near a theme park.
  Yes.
  That this place's biggest boasting point is oat milk is here.
  Here's what I want to say about oat milk, which I fully support.
  I'm trying to get off buying things in the house that are inhumane to animals.
  And so I was buying oat milk and I was sick all week and my stomach hurt.
  And it's because of the oat milk.
  You really think that's it?  You're making the assessment.
  I'm fine today.
  And it's the first day I haven't had oat milk in weeks.
  I tried some of the oat milk.
  And you were feeling sick too.
  And I felt pretty sick and then got really sort of sick, stomach sick.
  What I'm hoping is it's just that I've been buying brands that add sugar and maybe some  other stuff to make it creamier.
  I don't think I was feeling bad when I was drinking Oatly, a specific brand.
  Oatly is the name of it?  Where it's with Silks Oat-Yeah and Planet.
.
.
  Oh dang, I forget the name of it.
  But Oatly.
  Oatly is the good one.
  Maybe.
  Oat-Yeah, what was it called?  It's Silk.
  It's the Silk brand.
  Right.
  Oat-Yeah.
  Oat-Yeah might not be as good.
  Yeah, I was feeling a little bit sick on that.
  And then the worst one was this week's Planet something oat milk.
  All right, well if you are a listener, I have two.
.
.
  But it might, I'm sure it's different for everybody.
  I was going to say if you're a listener.
.
.
  I got an Americano at a cafe and I tried the oat milk in it and it sucked.
  Like it didn't mix well.
  If you're a listener, I have two questions for the listeners.
  Number one, tell us your oat milk experience.
  Number two, do you have some sort of green drink that can truly supplement me just having  to cram lettuce in my mouth or spinach?  Can't you just take a capsule or something?  I did find that one that does have all the vitamins.
  It's like just a juice in one of those glass bottles and like a sprouts or whatnot.
  But it was so gloopy.
  Oh yeah.
  We got to find.
.
.
  That I just couldn't.
.
.
  Right.
  I was like, I'm not going to fall with it.
  It made me gag.
  But it had all of the vitamins.
  That was my issue.
  I got a packet of pea protein mix and dumped it.
  Yeah, I don't like pea protein.
  This is the adult-iest episode of the Potrillion.
  We got to bring it home, Sephora.
  It's Planet Oat Oat Milk.
  So I don't want to disparage these brands entirely.
  I'm just saying they didn't agree with me.
  So if suddenly you're not feeling well, consider the possibility that it's the oat milk you're  drinking.
  Try a different brand if it's not working for you.
  Perhaps you should not say to your body, oat milk is here.
  Yeah.
  So not necessarily.
  But unfortunately it is on the ASPAs.
.
.
  CPAs.
.
.
  What is it called?  ASPCA.
  ASPCA.
  The animal thing.
  Yeah.
  It is on their list of humane milks.
  Sure.
  Well, that's good.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  So we're going to come into the next place as well.
  Sephora?  Humane issues?  Sephora.
  I'm talking so much about each of those stores.
  I'm sorry.
  Yeah, I know.
  We're not even there.
  You're here because you like Sephora.
  I love Sephora.
  And I was listening to the City Walk Saga and Mike made reference to like, you go to  Sephora and he's like, mom, I want to look for toys.
  Yeah, we do split off in that.
  Yeah.
  We should hear your side of it.
  What's in there?  I'm afraid to go into the makeup store.
  Well, makeup.
  Okay.
  Only makeup.
  Can I eat any of it?  It looks pretty good.
  Makeup and skincare and hair care.
  Is there female.
.
.
 is there male stuff in there?  It's mostly geared toward female, right?  Here's the thing.
  Yes, but also it's bullshit to think that men can't use any of the products just because  they're not gunmetal gray.
  Right.
  But I'm saying like, is it all marketed.
.
.
  I really want to put on one kind of makeup stripes under my eyes.
  That's it.
  Because, yeah, because.
.
.
  Yeah, but they're all for all genders and skins and faces.
  But it is marketed specifically for the female just because that's the general.
.
.
  Yeah, because that's his generally wearing makeup.
  But when you go into a Sephora now, as you're seeing all genders and all.
.
.
  Sure.
  I think everybody wearing some impressive makeup that I couldn't do myself or I'd need  to practice.
  I will say we were in the Sephora and I like the displays a lot.
  Like I like.
.
.
 because they've got a lot of colors going on.
  We were just in Macy's the other day and I was really trying to.
.
.
  Jason's checking his email and there's emails from Pizza Hut.
  Jason.
  Right now looking at a Pizza Hut 35% off email.
  It's a makeup topic.
  That's just the top one.
  There is a serious one.
  Jason could not be of more of a.
.
.
  There was a serious one I.
.
.
  Checking it out.
  Accidentally archived and had to find real quick.
  Brief anecdote.
  When we were recording Public Domain Theater, which we have brought back on the Teen Creeps  Patreon only.
  But when we're doing Public Domain Theater, my second podcast I had with Kelly Nugent,  who is my co-host on Teen Creeps, where we read a short story from the Public Domain  Cold, read out loud and respond to it in real time and they're very silly.
  We did an episode we recorded with this New York comedian who came in and anytime she  wasn't reading, she was checking her phone.
  So we didn't release her episode because it was just all this dead space and she never  noticed or said anything and so fine fuck her.
  So DM you and you'll tell the listener who that was.
  I won't.
  I actually won't.
  I won't burn her down.
  I accidentally archived an unpleasant email about my car and I was like, oh, I have to  put this where I can find it to deal with.
  I wouldn't have noticed it.
  I didn't have a problem with the email.
  But it's just an iOS.
  When you archive something, it just goes to the next thing.
  That's why it popped up.
  And she wasn't texting to be like, oh, this is going a little longer.
  I'll meet you later, blah, blah, blah.
  Because she did have something right afterwards.
  She was looking at Twitter.
  To be fair, maybe she was looking at Pizza Hut's Twitter.
  Maybe.
  And there were deals involved.
  Maybe.
  And I didn't want to say that fast.
  Okay.
  This is the real let's move on.
  With Sephora, I stayed outside at Sephora because I'm kind of sensitive to scents.
  There's a lot going on.
  I know there's a lot going on and I had a stomach ache because I eat it too much.
  Can you eat it?  I eat it too much and I got a tummy ache.
  We'll get into that in a future episode.
  But I stayed outside.
  The lights can also be a little overwhelming.
  It's very bright.
  Very bright.
  I was thinking like when I was in that Sephora, I was thinking maybe if it was, I do think  it's like if they had more hair care and skincare, they'd have to ease me a little bit more into  the different departments.
  Because I think I have, oh, go ahead.
  I'm interrupting.
  But all of the skincare is mostly on the walls.
  It's like the walls have skincare, perfume, hair care.
  And then if you head straight or no, if you head straight toward the back, maybe that's  where they keep perfume now.
  Got it.
  I almost feel a little overwhelmed and I think it's probably too in there is like I have  a feeling of like as a child, feeling like this is not, and nothing in here is for me.
  So I sort of check out.
  But I was trying to be very present in the moment of the Sephora and trying to enjoy  just from an aesthetic point of view and the display.
  Well, that's the thing we struggle with every day.
  Like Jason was struggling with it just now.
  You weren't checking your email.
  You weren't checking your email.
  Also, I had to.
  You've all always been 100 percent present on a podcast.
  Please.
  Yeah, right.
  Come on.
  It was right there.
  I had to take it.
  So yeah, so I was looking and I was like, I think I also feel a little bit like I just  need a little way in.
  And I don't know if it's just like the old I need.
  I think skincare would be the way in.
  Right.
  I don't know if it's like I need like a Paul Bunyan type man in the corner beckoning me  over because, you know, I'm such a, you know, the manly animatronic.
  Oh, I would love it at Paul Bunyan animatronic in Sephora.
  But he's like hot Paul Bunyan.
  He's like kind of a club raver Paul Bunyan.
  He's wearing a little eyeliner and lipstick.
  Yes.
  A little shimmer highlighter.
  Yes.
  And he's got a babe, the blue ox, who's like dressed in sort of like a sparkly vest maybe.
  And they're like kind of going out on the town.
  A lot of mascara.
  Tons of mascara on babe, the blue ox.
  So, yeah.
  So I was trying to figure out like what, yeah, because I like the skincare.
  I like to try stuff out.
  I just subscribe, not subscribe, but I got shampoo that I custom made for myself.
  Because of the podcast?  Not because of the podcast.
  Because I wanted to get free points for my Marvel card trader game.
  But that's another discussion for another podcast that we haven't run over.
  But I was very intrigued by it.
  So I like all of this stuff.
  I just feel like I needed, I need like a long time to get to figure out where my spots are.
  Sure.
  Isn't that what a lot of people use?  Kiehl's is not cruelty free.
  It's not?  Oh, I'm sorry.
  If I, you made like five things this episode.
  That's a new thing of mine.
  Ever since I did Jackie Johnson's Nach Butte, she's very super vegan in all of her products.
  Yes.
  Makeup, skincare, food, et cetera.
  And so ever since then, I have really tried to stick to cruelty free skincare and makeup  and hair care.
  And so I have a page bookmarked on my phone because you can like, you can add a specific  website to your phone.
  I don't know what you'd call it.
  What do you mean?  Like the same way you have an app.
  Oh, an extension.
  On your phone.
  Yeah.
  You can just like a shortcut.
  Yeah.
  And then at crueltyfreekitty.
com.
  And there's a list I check every time I go out and Kiehl's is not cruelty free.
  I see.
  You know your boyfriend eats 90% Taco Bell McDonald's, right?  I am aware.
  Okay.
  It's very hard to cut out entirely.
  I'm not vegan.
  I ate Taco Bell last night.
  All black beans, baby.
  No meat at all.
  And here's the thing.
  It's like food, it's harder.
  You do, you need to eat, but you don't need to buy products that are tested on animals.
  It's just unnecessary.
  And the thing is Kiehl's is not tested on animals, but they sell in mainland China and in mainland  China it is by law.
  They have to test it on animals before you can sell theirs.
  We don't test it on animals generally, but anyway, I'm going very long.
  What a country.
  Also, I'm ready for them to replace all the fast food with fake meat.
  Sure.
  I'm ready for it.
  I don't care.
  It's already kind of fake.
  It's just part corpse.
  Is there any particular difference?  Is that an especially good Sephora?  We aren't that far from other Sephora locations.
  Not an especially good.
  It's very standard.
  It's a little smaller than some, I would say.
  Like the one at the Americana is pretty small, but then there are some Sephoras in JCPenney's.
  Those are very small, but you get pretty much the essentials that you would need.
  Sure.
  I'm a little sad they killed off Dupars, the diner in this area, a diner scene in Boogie  Nights.
  Yeah.
  And now it's a Sephora.
  Yeah, that one's a bummer, but I want to hold that against him.
  Dupars.
  Yeah, I always want to go to a Sephora.
  I browse it like it's a bookstore.
  I would stay in there for like an hour straight and I'm obsessed with buying skincare, realizing  it makes my skin worse, and then returning it and buying a different one.
  I have so many points, like V.
I.
B.
 beauty points.
  V.
I.
B.
?  V.
I.
B.
, like very important beauty insider.
  I forget.
  So I get free two-day shipping on all of my orders because that's how much I buy at Sephora.
  And so I have 2,270 beauty points saved up.
  And you can like buy stuff with your points and I saved up so much that I am for the next  10 days entering a $25,000 sweepstakes and I can buy five entries per day using my points.
  Oh, nice.
  That's what I'm up to right now.
  Do you get cash or mega products?  I think cash.
  I think it's a cash prize.
  Wow.
  He came back and reported.
  That's what happened.
  I'm sure like Mike will update everybody if I suddenly win $25,000.
  The podcast is over.
  Yeah, no, we're moving to the Cayman Islands.
  We can live off that $25,000 for life.
  Yeah, right.
  So that'll be great.
  Yeah, it wouldn't merely pay off half my debt at all.
  Oh man.
  Yeah, big Sephora fan.
  Yeah.
  Well, that's good.
  I'm going to get into Sephora.
  You're not in point debt.
  That's the problem.
  No, that's the problem.
  You're doing great point wise.
  Yeah.
  It'll pay off my Sephora debt.
  Do you, is this like a, what I painted, is it accurate to say that, yeah, you guys will  like split and Michael go to-  Well, I used to go to D Street when it existed at Downtown Disney and I'd go in and see what  like Marvel character thing they had or what like hipster-y Disney parks thing.
  And then I'd come back.
  So that would happen often.
  But from now on, I'm going to get in that Sephora.
  I'm going to see what applies to me, what I could use.
  You know, I want to be important that you take Disneyland time away and devote like  at least 45 minutes per visit.
  I want to grow as a human.
  I will say that I try to only go into a Sephora when I need something because inevitably I  will buy something if I go in.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  And I always ended up buying more than I wanted to as well.
  And as much as I'm constantly buying skincare stuff, you hundred percent have better skin  than I do.
  Why am I doing this?  It's a trick.
  It's a good question.
  I do have lotion.
  I put stuff on my face.
  I have like creams and lotion that I put on my face.
  But don't you just wash your face with like bar soap?  Bar soap, yes.
  I do do that.
  Oh, that's it.
  And that does work.
  Why am I doing this?  That does work for me.
  I'm spending so much money that I don't need to spend.
  I'm spending with all of this stuff.
  But it's fun.
  It is fun and it feels-  It's not fun to look at.
  It feels like a magic potion, all of this stuff.
  It's like you, because I still have that.
  I'm like, you know, I'm going to find a thing that makes my hair just the perfect.
  And like you can get better and worse stuff for sure, but it's like nothing's actually  going to really make it perfect.
  Unless you're buying like $500 face creams.
  Maybe that's what we need to do.
  Like look-  We should buy that.
  I'm approaching, I am buying more and more expensive stuff and not like amounts, but  like the product itself is edging on way too expensive.
  There are these, like Vogue is releasing these videos on YouTube of celebrities walking you  through their skincare product routine.
  And like what's her face, Olivia Wilde's skincare routine is like four things and she's a big  snob about it being only four things.
  Clearly she's like judging the even the concept of the video itself.
  And then Liv Tyler has like a 25 to 40 product routine.
  Oh my gosh.
  And she says that her dad is who got her into it.
  He's obsessed with skincare.
  Of course.
  He does look pretty good.
  He looks, oh, he's so fucking hot.
  He looks pretty good.
  When I look at him, I think hot as shit.
  That is what I'm saying.
  I'm maybe not saying that-  Like it can't change your genetics, but it does affect your skin.
  He looks like shit.
  He's 70 years old.
  Well that's because of wrinkles and drug abuse and lack of soft tissue in his face, which  is not his fault.
  I got to find a picture of him now.
  But the actual skin itself.
  Make me want Steven.
  I didn't.
  I'm not attracted to Steven Tyler.
  No one said hot.
  I just respect his beauty game.
  I didn't say Steven Tyler is so fuckable now or anything.
  I'm going to say keep going, Scott.
  I want to see where this rabbit hole leads.
  I mean the scarves alone for me are a turn off.
  What's that?  The scarves alone for me are a turn off.
  Too many scarves.
  Well the hair is worse than the skin.
  Let's be, you know, let me be-  I just think for a 70 year old guy, all the pictures of him, he looks good for Steven  Tyler.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Like, I don't know unless he's bow taxing or something.
  I mean, there's some lighting involved in here, but he looks like Steven Tyler.
  He looks alive for a corpse.
  Yeah.
  He looks better than Keith Richards.
  Again, the bar you're setting.
  The bar that is one millimeter from the ground.
  We're talking skin alone.
  We're talking drug abuse.
  He has a distinct glow about him.
  He's-  Yes.
  That's what happens when you're living it up while you're going down.
  I was going to say living on the edge, which should have also worked.
  It also works, yeah.
  But also just the routine is fun.
  But am I too lazy to wash my face at night?  Yes.
  I don't wash my face.
  Do you two have any sort of facial routine?  Never moisturize?  Sure.
  I use Cetaphil usually and-  Not cruelty free.
  Great.
  I've also been trying the Trader Joe's face wash.
  Cruelty free.
  Yeah.
  It's pretty much the same.
  And then usually I use some sort of sunscreen that is moisturizing.
  Yeah.
  Moisturizer in it.
  Sunscreen is the most important skincare product you can use.
  I like Hawaiian Tropic.
  Again, smells very particular about, but the Hawaiian Tropic, either the moisturizing sunscreen  or yeah, it's coconutty or the Hawaiian Tropic Sport, which isn't really moisturized, but  it's still strong sunscreen.
  I try to get in the routine.
  I'm very bad at building daily routines.
  It's very easy for me to be driving away from my house going like, oh, I didn't do anything  to my face today.
  I think the beard, having a beard is a thing where it's moisturizing is very important,  depending on what the weather is and depending on-  Yeah, I'm definitely bad at that.
  Because you can see sometimes-  This thing's going away soon because it's dry as shit.
  Sometimes I'll forget you and it gets real dry and I have stuff in my car.
  I have stuff upstairs.
  Anyway.
  You don't find if you leave it in your car, the bottle goes like-  It's in a little glass container.
  Oh, glass.
  Interesting.
  Well, do we have any listeners left?  Not Steven Tyler.
  We lost him a while ago.
  Do you think we lost him at the beauty?  Is that what you're saying?  No, no.
  It was Jason and I discussing our beards is when I was like-  Oh, I see.
  Why would that be?  I'm kidding.
  They love us.
  They love the show.
  They'll clearly listen to anything.
  They are having a great time in the downtown Disney ordeal level two, stage one.
  Stage one.
  You get recognized everywhere we go, which-  I'm just being self-deprecating, which is charming.
  Is insane to me because this is not a visual medium.
  The fact that they know what you look like so well astounds me.
  I think it's mad when someone recognizes me.
  I'm horribly jealous.
  I'm insanely jealous.
  Listen to Team Creep.
  I need validation.
  Watch Infinity Train.
  Also what people do sometimes-  I'm important.
  You're the first person to just barrel into their own plugs.
  Yeah.
  Right now.
  I'm a selfish person who is trying to fill a void.
  Sometimes people know you from the podcast or at Extended Universe.
  That's the thing.
  Which bothers her too.
  When they see you, then they're like, oh, and you're Lindsay.
  I'm like, thank you, but also this is not how I want it to happen.
  I'm flashing to the beginning of the episode where you were introduced as you know her  from living here.
  Yep.
  That played right into this.
  Perfect.
  Speaking of the podcast, the ride, the Extended Universe-  It is how I was known in this universe.
  Sure.
  An item is appearing for us as we finish this level.
  I feel like it would make perfect sense if, because we got all the stones last time, probably  getting some stone, like some of the Pandora charms would probably make sense.
  So here, this item must be sent to us from the beyond by the statue keeper right now,  and it's oat milk.
  It's a jug of oat milk.
  Do not bring that into my home.
  Okay.
  Well, we'll put it in Jason's satchel.
  If we had that seven dwarfs charm, we could make a boss choke on it and throw it into  his mouth.
  Yeah, but we don't.
  We don't.
  We have oat milk.
  Great.
  It's not one of the oat milks that makes you die.
  I hope it's oatly.
  We have your charm, but we're not going to use that to fight.
  No, that's my church item from Erin.
  Keep shake.
  Well, all right.
  I guess with that, we survived downtown Disney or DL level two.
  I do.
  I love that I'm here for Sephora and we talked about most of the other two stores.
  Well, who knew there'd be so much about Pandora?  There's always so much.
  Hey, if Sephora would offer some more quizzes, give us, let me know what Disney.
  I'm sure that there are quizzes, but there are no Sephora.
  Also there's no Sephora IP we know about.
  There's no extended Sephora universe.
  Yeah, Sephora friends.
  As far as I know.
  You have a robot.
  I don't look into those things the way that you do though.
  I'm always looking for original IP.
  My fandom is very superficial.
  We want friends and what are you checking right now?  Quizzes.
  Oh, okay.
  There's a whole, there's, here are the quizzes.
  Using skincare, hair, concealer, mascara, fragrance, lip.
  I can't answer zero to hero for any of those.
  No.
  I guess, okay.
  So we survived it.
  We're moving on to stage two.
  Lindsay K.
 Tell you survived, I guess, this specific thing, the downtown Disney or DL.
  You already covered it, but also-  I'm doing it again.
  Yeah, doing it again.
  Plug again.
  I'm doing it again.
  And if you see both of us, don't just say Lindsay.
  No, it's fine.
  I'm kidding.
  It's exciting when they know me too, instead of just like, and who is this here with?  It's like that scene from A League of Their Own where it's like, this is our daughter  Dottie, and this is our other daughter, Dottie's sister.
  Yeah.
  So I have a podcast with my cohost, Kelly Nugent called Teen Creeps.
  We review teen horror from the 80s and 90s like Christopher Pike and Arl Stein.
  And I am a writer on the Cartoon Network show, Infinity Train.
  First season, if that's what we're calling it.
  What are we calling it?  It's confusing as-  Question.
  Stages and levels.
  So yeah, the first 10 episodes of the show were released.
  Go find them there.
  You can buy them on iTunes, Amazon, Google.
  Streaming.
  I believe you can find them streaming on the Cartoon Network site.
  I do have to have a cable login for that, I think, but fuck you, it's worth it.
  And there will be more, that's all I can say, that there will be more Infinity Train, I  can't say in what form, but please, please watch it.
  I'm very proud of that show and it is a dream to work on.
  Okay.
  And your Twitter?  Oh, my Twitter, LindseyKati on all the social medias.
  And please, please, please, this is maybe the most important one.
  Please check out my work when I walk through behind the podcast and laugh.
  So keep an ear out for me being somewhere present in the room when you record the show.
  And shouting stuff when someone says something wrong.
  It's clear from all that, that you do so much more than live here, which is more than I  can say about Edwin.
  Aw, he does a lot, how dare you?  Look at, what is reality?  Edwin is so terrible.
  He always seems a little nonplussed.
  We're doing the thing, as I'm saying, we're doing the thing that is not, Mike's doing  the thing where he doesn't get to hang out with Mike.
  He stayed by my side this whole recording.
  Yes, he did.
  Yeah, the chair the entire time.
  You survived, Edwin.
  Good job.
  And if you want more of this and the Downtown Disney ordeal, then follow us on Twitter,  Instagram and Facebook, hashtag DDO, hashtag Save the Level Keeper.
  And there's three bonus episodes every month if you subscribe to Podcast the Ride, the  second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  Thanks Lindsay.
  This is a blast.
  See you tomorrow.
  See you tomorrow, everyone.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts,  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever  dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
