 One, two, ready.
  There was darkness on the street, Ralph Brennan, he had won.
  He summoned the power of his jazz, and the podcast boys were done.
  Now we're in the underworld, and I can't lie we're scared.
  Ghosts of stores are all around, like the ruins of a filter bear.
  The downtown Disney ordeal, a shuttered hog and does how must Jason feel?  The downtown Disney ordeal, what ghastly secrets does the house of blues conceal?  You know where you are? You're in the underworld, baby.
  You're gonna die of excitement learning about all of the stores and restaurants that used to be at downtown Disney.
  That's right, welcome to the underworld.
 I'm Scott Gardner.
  Thank God we're still alive but in a very sorry, more financially lucrative state.
  I'm Scott Gardner joined by Mike Carlson and Jason Sheridan.
  Hello, yes, my name is Mike Carlson.
 Welcome to one of the scariest places behind the paywall.
  I have to say, Scott, you're awfully jacked to be here.
  Everything feels very sinister and unnerving.
  I know, well, I was scared to go but I think, you know, we've been, I think if you lose,  like if you lose a playoff game you come in hotter the next time you play.
  And I'm so upset about what happened with Ralph Brennan.
  Yeah.
  I think we need to prove ourselves.
 I'm glad we have a bigger challenge to face.
  Am I happy that it added three more episodes bringing the grand total to 18? Not necessarily.
  But I want to, I want to prove that I'm strong and I'm a man and this is all our chance to prove ourselves.
  Truly the deepest cut being one less, only one less than the City Walk Saga.
  Yeah.
  Really just grinding my gears.
  Which really burning me up.
  And one of those episodes we kind of cheated on or the Sector Keepers, the Sector Keepers led us off the hook for the food court.
  So really that, technically that was 18.
 So we are doing the same amount essentially.
  Oh, I suppose.
  What we're landing at.
 But we're doing some of it here.
  And I think, you know, this punishment does make sense because we kept everything that's there currently up above ground.
  Now we're in the below place.
  The below place.
  Where all of the former things are.
 And there's a lot of those to get through.
  So we better, we better start now and thank God he's still with us.
 He's going to help us get out of the underworld, the Sector Keeper.
  Boys, boys.
  Well, don't you sound shipper.
  Boys.
  As a ghost that's been to purgatory, it's much scarier behind a paywall.
  This is your first time down here, right?  Yes, yes.
 It's so scary.
 It's a graveyard of closed stores.
  Yeah, yeah.
 We're going to encounter weird, scary stuff behind every turn.
 It could be truly haunted.
  I mean, we're going to talk about, you know, like little girls dress boutiques and movie theaters that have just been left to rot.
  It's all scary.
  You know, I will say a plus because it's so hot down here.
  It does feel like a Southern California heat wave, which are miserable.
  It is burned up all your water vapor.
 So I feel like I'm seeing you crystal clear for the first time in ages.
  Yeah, we have to get out of here.
 I'm Jones and man force sobriety.
  The jewel, the jewel juice just evaporated.
  Evaporated Ralph Brennan, you bitch.
  Oh, my God.
 Your tip, your recently mellow state.
  You're starting to, it's like you're starting to act out.
  Like you're starting to become more, you know, like the bad kind of teen.
  Yeah, I'm feeling like a 2019 in an eighth grade algebra class.
 I need it, man.
  Oh, man.
 And not to mention, I just like besides the we're all agitated.
  I just get I just get such a creepy feeling from this place.
  I just feel it.
 It doesn't feel right.
  Nothing like it does not have the same comfort and warmth of the rest of the downtown district, Disney district.
  And I'm just worried that we're going to run into some unpleasant stuff.
  I'm perhaps the most worried that we're going to run into a bad man.
  Oh, no.
 Oh, no.
  Bad man.
 Bad man.
 Bad man.
  It's Nick Mundy.
 It's the godfather of podcast the ride, Nick Mundy.
  Hey, I was late.
  The architect.
  In a reversal of how things played out last, the sector keeper snuck up on you during the City Watch saga.
  And from outside, you little bitch.
  Oh, no.
 The bitches are flying.
  Now I heard that the sector keeper became a bad boy.
  No, listen to guns and roses.
  Just some G and R.
 You're some G and R.
 Yeah.
  Sucking down some vape.
  Yeah, I brought the G and R to the table, but he was grooving out to it.
  That's for sure.
 Mr.
 Mundy has vape.
  Because I look like me doesn't mean I vape.
  So don't profile Mundy on looks.
 That's not right.
  I don't.
 I dip.
  OK, yes.
 Would you be he is underage.
  You have a choice to matter.
 Would you want to share the dip?  Just to you guys want to ease the tension or?  Eighth grade was the first time I dipped.
 So did you dip?  Did you really dip? Yeah.
 OK.
  That is my favorite scene in the movie.
  Eighth grade, too, where they're like, hey, you want to dip some?  Everyone's like, hell, yeah.
 And they just dip for five minutes.
  Get some shaw.
 Wait, this is dip will fuck you up.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like dip.
  Who's dipped here? I'm dipped.
 Never.
 No.
  Have you dipped? I've tried it.
  Mike dipped? All the dark secrets come out in the underworld.
  I tried it once.
 You tried it once.
  What would your mind? I hope your mom doesn't unbind the paywall.
  She I think she just said she was listening to Liberty Square,  which is behind the paywall.
  Oh, yeah.
 Cancel the credit card.
 Get her out of here.
  Add this to the like the new patron tier.
  So first time I dipped was eighth grade at a Steve Miller concert.
  Cool.
 Are you like 60 years old?  I'm concerned your mom's now concerned for both your jaws.
  It was because I think I tried it twice.
  I think I tried it twice and they were the pouches.
  Did you do the pouches or did you actually do the jaw?  You did the jaw.
 The real thing.
  Wow.
 Because it pop.
 I just put it like tuck it in your lip.
  The pouches I did in class.
 Really?  God.
 But like a lot of people did it in class.
  Wow.
 Really? Yeah.
  So how many times do you think you've dipped in your life, including pouches?  And I've never like fully bought my own pack of dip outs except once.
  So you stole dip? No.
  No.
 Hmm.
 You didn't really think there.
  I'm worried you're hiding something.
 I bet you've stolen dip.
  Look, is it stealing when a Kroger's throws out bad tobacco in the garbage and you find it?  Well, now you're speaking my language.
  I love the Kroger brand Kroger brand chipmates cookies.
  See, there you go.
  You use dip thrown out by Kroger.
 You use coffee cake.
  That was the real monster.
  This one loves coffee cake.
  And one was in eighth grade and one was several years ago.
  And hours ago.
  You know, something else that came up recently, last month in October, we were talking about the Six Flags Fright Fest with with our friend Anthony Geo.
  And he there was a story told of that bitch.
 Oh, man.
  I must be glad he's not here to kick your ass.
  So we were there were there were a lot of eighth graders around.
  I felt a lot of like a lot of angsty teens, guys, the sector keeper would like.
  And you guys told a story of a teenager going up to a fog machine, taking a big swig of it and then puffing all the fog out.
  And I told that to you just as the most notable thing of the record.
  And you said, to be fair, that is something that I would have done at that age.
  Yeah, I mean, the whole.
 Yeah, I mean, you've heard my six flags exploits.
  Oh, that's right.
 We talked to.
 Yeah, we know.
 I would call that a victimless crime, too.
  We're not even a crime.
 And that fog was for the public, too.
  No harm, no foul.
 He's the victim.
 Yeah.
  Were there any tweens throwing basketballs at people?  Well, you don't know you weren't there.
 Yeah, you weren't there.
  Yeah.
 I mean, you talked to Anthony Geo once in a while, but did he tell you about that?  He came into cricket wireless.
  So you have to burn your phone or something for drug deals? Yeah, he does.
  He does like a deal.
  Would you take a big rip from a fog machine sector keeper?  Oh, wow.
 That sounds like a like a mega vape.
  Yeah, it's kind of like the biggest vape possible.
  Depends on the flavor.
  Hmm.
 I think what would that would have been like? Like flavored.
  Well, my middle school, high school, like would use a fog machine.
  Like that was one of their big purchase for the theater department.
  And it smelled like piña colada.
  And they would inevitably use too much.
  It would fill the auditorium for a few minutes and smell like damp piña colada.
  That's my extreme.
 Yeah.
  That's not Jimmy Buffett song.
 It's the aftermath of every Buffett concert.
  Damp piña colada.
  Well, look, we're not here to talk about eighth grade hijinks.
  I think that, wait a minute, we haven't talked about what we're doing.
  The presence of Nick Mundy must mean that we're talking about sports stuff.
  The ESPN zone.
 Yeah, that must be why you're here.
  That's why you're here in hell with us.
  I'm meant to talk about a restaurant banished to hell.
  15 screens banished to hell.
  Yeah.
 You were a fan of this franchise.
  The ESPN zone.
  Yeah.
 Cool.
  Like I've been there like good 15 times.
  Oh, that's wild.
 Yeah.
 Geez.
  Well, there was one in New York.
  That's, yeah, that's what happened.
 It was right next to my internship.
  What was your internship?  It was just.
.
.
  You were so dipped, you didn't even know.
  What was it, dipping then? I wasn't a junior high boy.
 I was a college man.
  When was the last time you dipped?  Like two or three years ago.
  Okay.
 Really?  You want to dip after this?  Seven-eleven's that far away.
 I think Sheridan goes.
  I'll dip.
 If Jason does it, I'll dip with you and Jason after the show.
  We have a long day.
  I will dip for the next podcast episode.
  It will get you through it, man.
  Unless you dip too much and you wake up in the middle of like Abracadabra.
  Abracadabra?  The song Abracadabra?  Yeah.
 Cause I kind of passed out from the drink.
  The performance of the song Abracadabra.
  Steve Miller band song Abracadabra.
  Yeah.
 Not Abracadabbar.
  No.
  Is that a real thing?  That's in Orlando.
  That's a magic themed bar.
  Well, look, does it have a bunch of TVs?  Here's the cool thing about ESPN.
  And I used to go there in New York because I didn't know any other like good restaurants.
  So I just go there every day for lunch.
  New York ESPN zone.
  It was safe and it had Astros games on.
  That's true.
  Right.
 Did it ever have, I guess it was only stuff that was on ESPN?  No.
  No, it would.
 It would be a show stuff that was not on ESPN.
  Yeah.
 Because like if you're peeing and you wanted to watch the game, you would go to the urinal that had the game that you wanted to watch on it.
  Cause there were TVs in front of it.
  Yes.
 Behind glass walls.
  Like tiny urinal TVs.
  So you tell me why this restaurant doesn't still exist.
  Well, I think the food was never quite memorable.
  It was trash.
  It was trash.
  It was sub hard rock.
 Sub planet.
  It was the ultimate insult.
  It was sub hard rock.
 Planet Hollywood.
 Good.
  Wait, Planet Hollywood equal.
 Okay.
  Yeah.
 Planet Hollywood is worse than Hard Rock.
  Yes.
 I would agree with that.
  Okay.
 I would say Hard Rock's not bad.
  Hard Rock is sometimes solid, but I have gotten.
  You gotta be careful.
  I would say.
  I think we've all gotten sick from Hard Rock.
  Yeah.
  I would say like Hard Rock is never good to me.
  It's just a step above AMC theater food.
  Yeah.
  Oh.
  High praise.
  They're all digging around in the dirt.
  Yeah.
 AMC is like reheated stuff at the very least.
  I mean, everything's reheated in all of these restaurants.
  Nothing is made fresh, I assume.
  But like at least there's like, it just feels like a pizza came out of a heater at the AMC.
  Yeah.
 So, you know, in 04 there was a big playoff run with the Astros.
  So I'd watched a lot of that.
  And cause no other bars.
  Some reason they had to play the Yankees Red Sox game.
  Let me ask is if if Buffalo Wild Wings were to go up against the ESPN zone,  is Buffalo Wild Wings like two full letter grades better?  Like how much?  Food wise, yes, but it doesn't have TVs over the urinals.
  Okay.
  Are you sure?  I feel like I've been to Buffalo Wild Wings with a TV over a urinal.
  That might be true.
  One TV or not individual TVs per year?  I don't think maybe individual.
  Maybe one TV per three urinals.
  So you're talking about like a wine bar?  I thought I'd seen individual.
  I mean, that's a classy upscale establishment.
  It only has one TV.
  It's like a place for senators.
  It was showing up.
  I didn't know the queen was a.
.
.
  Mike only during sad royal family approved establishment.
  And it was showing a cricket match over the urinals.
  You gotta remove your three layers of pantaloons to use the urinal.
  ESPN zone was the most successful of the short lived Disney regional entertainment.
  I don't know what that is.
  It was a company Disney started to have like smaller entertainment.
  They had a Chuck E.
 Cheese kind of concept called Club Disney.
  They had Disney Quest, which was like VR sort of stuff.
  And then ESPN zone at the height of it, there was nine of them opened.
  It did last 20 years.
  The last one closed last summer in Anaheim.
  So that was the last one.
  This was the last man standing.
  The end of the whole franchise.
  And do we know, did it only close because of the hotel that was going to be there or was it like,  it was in on its way out anyway?  Well, someone else was operating it by that point.
  Disney regional entertainment was closed down a while before Disney Quest,  overseen by the parks people, ESPN overseen by other restaurant groups.
  Chances are it would still be running if it weren't for the hotel.
  Maybe.
  I feel like it would.
  It wasn't a bad place to watch sports if you couldn't find a better place.
  Or if you can't get that specific game to your house.
  Yeah, or like the one that we would go to.
  So my parents would go to Vegas a lot.
  And then after I turned 21, I would end up going there.
  And then sometimes you end up just in New York, New York.
  That was in the New York, New York.
  So we end up going to that one for whatever reason, because I think they had three card poker a lot.
  That's when three card poker first came out.
  How do you play three card poker?  It's just like, I don't know, but the first time I played, I won like $2,500 and left like four hands.
  Nice.
 Have you ever dipped while playing three card poker?  Yes.
 For sure.
 Right.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
 Very confidently.
  Do they give you a cup? Well, Vegas provided dip cup.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
  Did you ever own a spittoon?  No, I didn't do it that much.
  Not that he needed a specific place.
  You just have a water bottle.
  Where would you ever call ESPN Zone to see if they had a game on?  Or would you just be confident in knowing they would have something on that you were wanting to watch?  In the New York one, I realized that they would have it on.
  Okay.
 So you didn't call ahead?  No, I didn't have to.
  I don't think that's that uncommon though.
  To call ahead?  Yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 I don't think so.
  But also it's hard to think because like the sports watching landscape mechanism is different now because it's easier to get so many more games.
  Right.
 Because it's easily accessible.
  Yeah.
 More so.
  And you had, right before we started recording, you were listening to a game in an earpiece.
  Yeah.
 The playoffs are starting.
 Like I would have done this tomorrow.
  Yeah.
 We just, I was just on Team Tiger Awesome.
  This was the last day I was available to do it.
  Oh yeah.
 Oh yeah.
  You did me a favor and I wasn't going to do you a favor if it was passed today.
  Oh sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Fall ball.
  Things take priority.
  No, but I was just on the Team Tiger Awesome show and you were all just watching the game during the podcast recording.
  Yeah.
 It was a very bad show.
  Well, there was a perfect game happening.
  And then we lost it and then it became a no hitter and then lost it.
  Were you all tempted to just say, fuck it, let's not do it?  No, because if he got it, because I would have been that quiet in that like not acknowledging it regardless because of superstition.
  Oh yeah.
 Because you're pretty religious with the sports viewing.
  It's not like, you know, and we're cracking jokes instead of this is like, no, we're watching the game.
  Regular season, sure.
  Sure.
  Like I would have you guys over.
  Yeah.
  I'd have to stay the fuck away from my house.
  Fair.
  Yeah.
 I'm not going to see, I'm not going to talk to you for a while.
  Sector keeper can come.
 Sector keeper can come.
  All right.
  Just keep that vaping quiet.
  Well, it was like two years ago when the Astros were on the World Series run.
  Scott was like, well, maybe I'll stop by.
  I was like, no.
  What about for the series?  I'm in a fetal position.
  I'm in the fetal position.
  Not like just not wanting to.
  It's just like the most nerve wracking.
  Like, yeah, I was a train wreck after we won because it's just like for a month.
  I'm just like, OK, we're winning.
  This is good.
  I went to the me and my wife went to game two and I was sore from stress.
  Well, that was a game.
  And that was when the Astros were it was Astros versus Dodgers.
  Yeah.
 And that was a game that went on and on and on.
  Correct.
 Yeah.
  How long?  That went to like 11.
  And then there was game five that went longer.
  I was I was in the Tamo Shanter and it was on and whoever I was with was like,  I'm worried about Monday.
  And then I got a text from Tommy Blacho.
  You haven't seen in years.
  He said, I'm worried about Monday.
  I was also in a bar and like, when can I go home to get up early tomorrow?  You are watching.
 You watch the whole thing because you're like, I'm worried about Monday.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I know the level of agitation when these things happen to you.
  Are you in a way is it like a relief if they don't get into the world?  No, no, no.
  This comes out.
  No, no.
  Last year, I was like, you know what?  We're in house money.
  If we win, we win.
 We lose.
 We lose.
  Now that's gone.
 Okay.
  Okay.
  This is gone.
  Now, are you going to watch these things in public places or is it this is a home event?  You need to be met at the game.
  I'm at home.
  Sure.
  Now, okay.
  Either you're there in person.
  Yeah.
  Which would only be the case if they were against the Dodgers.
  Division series, division series.
  The first round of playoffs.
  I'll watch it with people.
  Uh huh.
  Would you also have a kid now?  So we'll have to figure out how like my responsibilities of being a father versus like,  Oh, this is your first playoffs with a child.
  Yeah.
  Oh boy.
  This is now I'm Tommy's going to be really worried about the live results of the players.
  So many games today.
  There are so many games.
  Yeah.
  That's every day.
  There's like 12 games every day.
  Yeah.
  What are you looking at?  Just Google.
  Just a Google play.
  Google sports.
  Philly still in consideration.
  No.
  No.
  It's bottom of the seven.
  Consideration.
  Yeah.
  They're still playing.
  It's not playoff start.
  They're still playing.
  It's not a playoff start.
  It's a regular season.
  Oh, we're still finishing the season.
  As the listeners are hearing this, we're past world series.
  Correct.
  Or in it.
  No, it just the playoffs start.
  No, but when are, when is the world series?  Oh, end of October.
  Yeah.
  Oh, then it's past.
  So we'll know.
  We'll know your fate.
  Your fate will be sealed by the time this is released.
  It's on Patreon.
  Yay.
  So all the stakes are lower.
  Uh, not, but not for us because we have to free the, I don't know if you know this, we  have to free the level keeper who is the cousin of the sector keeper.
  He's he or she.
  How many people died in your family?  Uh, it's like a Kennedy curse.
  Uh, he's lived, he's lived a hard life.
  Uh, so if we don't, you know, convey all the interesting stuff.
  So we, we should maybe focus on.
  Ideally it's bullshit they closed the Anaheim.
  So we think it's because, and we're going to, we'll end up covering all of this stuff  on the same.
  There were only nine.
  I went to half of the ESPN.
  Where else did you go?  Four New York.
  No, I went to four.
  I went to New York.
  You've been there more than 15 times.
  Maybe I went to New York, Vegas, a bunch.
  And they turned the Vegas one into some bullshit.
  Like it's called Tom's urban.
  Oh, then they changed it again.
  Cause then like right after the ESPN zone closed, it was like SPN.
  They just took the letter.
  Yeah.
  Or added a Y.
  It was just.
  Yeah.
  You know, like how a restaurant, like, oh, that was a Hooters and now it's like a Hineys.
  That has to be real.
  I only know that because I have a controlling interest in Hineys.
  Jason is the CEO of Hineys.
  Yeah, it's still an owl, but it's just a big bulbous butt protruding.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They paid over the owl to turn into like a sparrow.
  They did that.
  And they narrow its eyes.
  You can tell the wire was bad because like all the, like the TVs had bad tracking.
  Oh my God.
  Yikes.
  So there were electricities poor.
  This is a big step down.
  Did you go to the downtown LA one?  Yes.
  That's really neat.
  Yeah.
  Their corporate headquarters were it was like tight.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  The LA life.
  So we've hung out at LA live before.
  What did you have?  You spent much time at downtown Disney.
  Anaheim.
  Have you ever.
  I've been there twice.
  Once he was in zone a long time ago to meet up a cousin because I had nowhere else to  go.
  Wait, a cousin feels like the perfect place to like I'm meeting my cousin.
  Yeah.
  And I, and I know, you know, I never went to Disneyland.
  That's where I last saw my cousin.
  Okay.
  We know.
  Last time you saw your cousin was in hell.
  Oh man.
  Too far.
  We're in hell.
  What are you doing?  I stand corrected.
  You guys are the one like, Hey guys, like, so you're in hell.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We met you in hell.
  You were here already.
  This is where the bad man goes.
  You're living here.
  You just, you're just taking a little, you're well, you're like, you're, you're just  like, you're like decompressing before the playoffs start in hell.
  You're taking a, you're going to a less stressful place.
  Oh, by the way, you dicks.
  Um, so I mean, I've told you all this, but tell the listeners and Ms Carlson.
  Um, so when I had the baby, we, well, the wife had the baby and I was just there not  talking, actually sports with my doctor throughout the thing.
  It was mostly sports talk and then like, oh yeah, so she's fine.
  He's cleaning up.
  Yeah.
  He did use a baseball analogy to how well the pregnancy delivered.
  And only you understood it.
  So Laura's like, is that bad?  She got it.
  But she wasn't, she was, she was, she got it.
  She got it.
  She was, she was just like, fine.
  Let me see my child.
  But I, uh, I posted a picture with me and the baby and then I got a bunch of, Hey, cool.
  Good stuff.
  You'll be a great dad.
  And then I got one bad man is dot dot dot father dad.
  It was five bad man father.
  Yeah.
  Something.
  And I'm just like, no.
  I've been up for three days and like, did you really get it?  Or maybe you were just like, God damn it.
  Our podcast that you caused and created essentially the birth of your child.
  But it was either good intentions.
  My brain was so like destroyed from lack of sleep and just everything changed.
  I didn't know if it was the funniest thing in the world or I wanted to punch Carlson  and him not the sector, not the second keeper, not in my two codes, just me.
  No, you made them do it.
  If it was a good comment, smash that like button.
  I was wondering if it was like, Oh God, did the sector keeper get a, his own, you made  me think about the sector keeper three days after I had a kid.
  I think that was the thing I was like mad about as all people should.
  He should be in your heart at all times.
  I need to be like worried about the goddamn sector keeper, you know, while I'm waiting  on my kids hearing test results.
  He's a child who you can learn from.
  He should be the sector keeper should be friends with your baby.
  I was pissed at the hospital.
  Didn't have in its own ESPN zone.
  And no, no.
  So no TVs in the urinals.
  No jeez.
  Did you guys food better in the cafeteria than the ESPN zone or on par?  It was, it was like AMC good.
  I think I might just like cafeterias in general.
  Cause anytime I've had to eat the hospital cafeteria, um, I've been trying.
  Yeah.
  You would love it there.
  Cause they push you around in beds and chairs.
  They, they, they clean up your soiled linens.
  They, uh, you don't even have to bother eating.
  They can just intravenously feed you nutrients.
  Like you would love it.
  I'm surprised you weren't there.
  It's like a bonded and like one of those hats just saying I'm a baby.
  I get it.
  I'm baby.
  I am baby.
  I am baby.
  I'm going to go get eggs now.
  Bye.
  You can't get IV of tasty cakes.
  No, I do have them in like a hospital.
  I have them in arms for each though.
  The more your stomach lining is stressed upon doing this ordeal, you will end up in the  hospital.
  That's how much shared in cafeteria food.
  I am dying.
  It's time for me to shine.
  I mean, that's one of the nice things.
  The one of the saving grace to being in the underworld.
  We don't have to eat in any of these ones.
  They're all gone.
  Oh, sure.
  You couldn't eat if you wanted to.
  Yeah.
  That's a, that's a very good point.
  Well, that's maybe a good opportunity to say that some of the things that you can no longer  eat.
  Uh, I looked at the menu and they wonderfully categorized all the dishes into great sport.
  Maybe you can translate what these sports things mean on deck salads.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  That's like, uh, that's like a, you know, the first course.
  Sure.
  It'd be a first course.
  I want to Carlson's fancy, you know, bourgeois bullshit restaurants that don't have, like  they only has one baseball game in the bathroom.
  I've eaten with you at a Buffalo Wild Wings on a number of occasions.
  I know.
  And I wear my fanciest basketball shorts.
  And you're trying, you're usually trying to get me to go to a restaurant with a cartoon  crab on it.
  Well, that's it.
  Cause that's one of my wife's favorite restaurants.
  Yeah.
  We do.
  We should do it after the after the playoffs.
  Uh, halftime sandwiches game, game on sandwiches.
  Maybe that's like a half sandwich and soup.
  It should be half sandwich and soup.
  That's a good idea.
  And I'm sure they didn't do it.
  They have soup at hospital Sharon.
  That they do.
  Game, game on entrees, not game on trays, but game on entrees.
  And then, uh, at the end you get overtime desserts.
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Those all check out fun stuff.
  Do you remember what you would, I mean, order there like a normal, like just a cheeseburger  or something or yeah, probably like those restaurants, if you don't get the cheeseburger,  you're asking for trouble.
  Yeah.
  And then what would the beer preference be?  Is it forget what you like?  Oh, you would have six beers.
  Now who's six beers at ESPN zone prices.
  Jason thinks you're a rich uncle penny bags from the monopoly game.
  Now it would be one of those giant like Coors lights that you made me drink.
  Oh my God.
  I bought you a yard for your birthday this year.
  That yard house.
  So you would get a yard at ESPN zone.
  Yeah.
  And then is that six?  That's the set six beers.
  Is it three?  I guess it, I don't know.
  Look, it's a lot of beer.
  Have you ever been blackout drunk at an ESPN zone and eat at Joe's?  What was it?  Excuse me?  I didn't eat at Joe's.
  I didn't eat at Joe's.
  And a Bennegan's.
  Do you mean Joe Joe's?  What's he did?  There was eat at Joe's.
  I think that's a, it's like Joe's crab shack, but different.
  I know what you, I can.
  You were really drunk at that restaurant.
  They made, so when I hate this, I believe cause man against the food was so salty.
  I like Bennegan's, but I'm not proud of this.
  It's not like sixth grade where I'm bringing about six grade adventures.
  I'm not actually proud of this one.
  You know, those margarita things where like they would make like a whole margarita mix  for like four people.
  Yeah.
  I drank the whole thing.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  I would just eat up the top and drink that.
  Jeez.
  Jeez.
  This is when I turned 21 and it was at Kima, which is like a boardwalk area past Houston,  not almost towards Galveston.
  Okay.
  And then I tried to do like, Hey, I'm going to slide down one of those pole, like the  stairwells, like the high.
  And I was like, you said to no one, no, I just said out loud.
  And then I almost took out like a small family.
  You partied for us.
  You partied for our sins because you knew we, I will meet some men down the line that  will have never partied party for them.
  Yeah.
  It doesn't apparently so.
  Yeah.
  And now I'm like, I went to the baseball game.
  I was like, no, I don't want, I'm just going to salt to water.
  Man.
  I can barely drink now, but uh, seasons that was bad.
  Yeah.
  So that was, but yeah, no, I would have like three of those ESPN.
  Jeez.
  The yards.
  Yeah.
  But I was with my folks.
  So it'd be like, and they're from there.
  Yeah.
  Were they cool with the, the, the heavy drinking era?  They were like, they were, they were, I wasn't, I wasn't like doing dumb.
  I was just college stuff.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  That's pretty, that's pretty typical stuff.
  But for us, when you're dealing with good, good.
  Yes.
  Not sector keeper is cool, but uh, yeah.
  But this, but he's like, he's itching and Jones and right now, because all his, all  his jewels dried up because of the hot weather here in this hellish, in this hellscape.
  Yeah.
  I was looking forward to my Praline vape.
  Yeah.
  He's had a different flavor every time.
  It was, if ESPN zone, uh, existed now, they'd probably have like a, you go to the bathroom,  they would have like a little thing where you can like press a button and get some like  jewel vape.
  They probably would.
  Like a concession stand of vape.
  Is there like, cause the old cigarette machines, which I never bought cigarettes out of a cigarette  machine, but I kind of miss those.
  There was something about the, yeah.
  Like about them.
  Like there should pinball.
  Yeah.
  It was like a world heroes SNK video game system.
  Yeah.
  It was the fun quarter.
  Arcade games and cigarettes.
  There should be a jewel version of that.
  I feel like with the fun levers to pull out.
  Yeah.
  Like a game.
  It should be like a game where you get nicotine.
  I liked, I think as a kid I did, I liked looking at Joe camel and pulling the thing.
  Yeah, but now like, now that I'm an old man and I hear about the jewel stuff with the  teenagers, I'm like, they got to do something about that.
  Okay.
  So you wouldn't know bad man, bad man, cramp his lifestyle.
  Sure.
  I used to, I mean, you're probably right.
  I used to buy dip when I was 15 at a convenience store that didn't care.
  Kodiak or skull.
  It was skull.
  It's called skull.
  So when I tried, yeah.
  I remember playing like little league.
  I didn't do red man Sheridan before you threw that in my face.
  There was red man chewing tobacco.
  Oh, I didn't know what you were talking about.
  We would have had to be such deep experts.
  My memory is that when I played little league, the kids weren't doing it, but there was,  the gas station next to the baseball field sold beef jerky and there was shredded beef  jerky and canister.
  I didn't just imagine that.
  Big league chew is the biggest gateway dip.
  Like, right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I was more of a juicy fruit kid.
  I'm going to kick my own ass.
  I don't even like you.
  That was a point of the penalty box.
  We haven't used the penalty box.
  Is that a warning?  Is that a warning?  Yellow card.
  I'm going to say only this, only the sector keeper can miss you.
  Penalty box really pushing your love.
  I'm too little to, we're all a little reimbushes.
  We've been trying these marathon recordings and they're starting to get to us.
  Yeah.
  Juicy fruit at the hospital gift shop.
  Yeah, they do.
  But what was the other dip thing?  Oh, did you, I don't, when you took the-  This episode is mostly about dip.
  When you took the SATs, did you ever dip during a break or did like-  Whoa, interesting question.
  Wow.
  You think you were allowed to chew gum during the SATs?  Maybe.
  I don't remember rules about that.
  No, I never took the SATs actually.
  Did you take the ACTs?  Yeah.
  I heard that was easier.
  I don't know.
  Okay.
  No, I think I took that seriously.
  Yeah.
  So sector keeper, do you think you're going to go back to high school or just go for a  GED?  GED?  Yeah, I guess that's, I don't really, I mean, that's sort of a replacement for a high school  because you're simultaneously like 16, but also 500.
  So I'm not sure like what you need to be, what educational level you need to be at.
  He needs a YouTube channel.
  Oh, that might be the future.
  Yeah.
  Cause he just got fired from his job.
  So that's a way for you to make some money.
  Yeah.
  Mr.
 Monday, I lost my job at cricket wireless.
  He's looking for something.
  Wait, did they close down a cricket wireless in the downtown Disney?  No, no, amazingly there was not one of those there.
  No.
  Never even got there.
  So is there a sports bar at downtown Disney?  Yeah.
  Where'd you go to watch sports now?  I guess now you'd go to Ballast Point or-  They have a-  That's kind of dumb because like, I mean, I know there's other sports bars, but like,  cause there's Anna, there's the angels, there's the ducks, there's monster truck rallies.
  There's not a sports bar focused one and right by Angel Stadium now there's a massive golden  road brewery.
  Oh, that's right.
  That was there last night.
  Oh yeah.
  Congratulations.
  The, that because they won, not that you went.
  I don't doubt your ability to get down there and back safely.
  Well not as well as you guys, but-  We know those roads.
  We know the five freeway very well.
  In the, in galaxy's edge in the, in some bathrooms, they're calling like a fake star wars sports  event on the speakers.
  Oh that's right.
  Is it pod racing?  Yeah, it's kind of cool.
  No, it's not pod racing.
  It's not.
  There's like sort of a chess, one of them is like a chess match.
  Sort of like an intergalactic chess match.
  That's a sport.
  Space chess.
  Mikey, now you're pushing it.
  Yeah, penalty box.
  I was a varsity level athlete.
  I played tennis in high school.
  Did you get a letterman jacket?  Yep.
  That's all I'm just talking about.
  Your letterman jacket.
  Yeah.
  It said band and tennis on it.
  Cool.
  I eat ices the room.
  Do you still have it?  Yeah, somewhere.
  You should wear it.
  Yeah, you should wear it.
  You should wear it.
  An event that will have already happened.
  Maybe I did.
  We should talk about some of the things that there are to do besides cigarette machines.
  There were a lot of real games.
  I was trying to find pictures of these things.
  There's something, I saw a big sign for something called RPM Tonight.
  I saw a claw machine with just an unrelated claw machine with the word sports center slapped  on it.
  Just kind of in a corner, not even up top.
  What if they had like Scott Van Pelt dolls you could get?  Dan Patrick.
  Mommy, I got a Keith Olbermann.
  Now you can go back and forth with Skip Bayless.
  Well, if in general this location, the bottom floor is the restaurant, but the top floor  you'd walk in and there's a stairwell and it says sports arena, which is not accurate.
  That's not what the building is, but I guess sports arena means the games area.
  So you know, also in addition to like a whole game thing, whole game floor.
  Yeah.
  Oh, wow.
  So focused on the focused on your, the real games.
  You didn't get to play games of your own.
  Well, just had to try to get done with this goddamn dinner with my cousin.
  It seems like, uh, yeah.
  Were you, were you trying to rush that?  Oh yeah.
  I was like, yeah, well, let me do the, the, okay.
  The ESPN zone.
  That's what I'm trying to clarify.
  The cousin with the second, does he, do you even like the cousin?  It seems like you get along.
  I would kill to have dinner with my cousin.
  You love them.
  I love her.
  You're my her.
  We'll find out.
  To be announced.
  Your beloved cousin TVA.
  What, uh, what replaced the ESPN zone?  Well, we can, we can, we can talk about that a little bit, uh, and come back to the ESPN  zone.
  Sure.
  I don't think you're going to be happy.
  Yeah.
  You're not, well, it was, they were just going to demolish the building entirely and it was  going to be a new luxury hotel or a real fancy Carlson kind of place.
  Yeah.
  They did.
  They, uh, they just, they didn't get the right zoning from the city.
  They lost it.
  We've covered it.
  They let, you know, they like elections didn't go their way and all this shit.
  So the, none of it got built.
  So this just, uh, was there like a law, like shall we, we shall demolish the ESPN zone  tax incentives, 2012 tax.
  They were giving them incentives for a hotel because they were going to close all these  businesses.
  They were actually going to lose jobs for the city.
  It was, they were going to build a hotel in a different spot.
  And then Disney was like, all right, we're going to build it here.
  Give us the same tax incentives and then they were like, no, we're not giving you those  tax incentives.
  So then they said, uh, no, we're not building anything.
  Sounds like typical Disney wheeling and dealing in Anaheim.
  Thank God we're behind the paywalls.
  They can't hear us complain and we can hopefully get some more free stuff.
  My mind is just, you know, just adding $5 to his mentions.
  It's like all everybody on Twitter and like, what are people saying about me?  Oh, Bob Iger subscribes to us and doughboys.
  So when he gets jacked, he calmly drinks water.
  His reaction to most things.
  Jacked up like he gets riled up.
  Yeah, he gets riled up.
  I did read an interview with Iger where he said that he, one of his favorite shows right  now is Netflix's love, which Mike Mitchell is on.
  So he is, so yeah, weirdly yes.
  Or a podcast maybe.
  So if Mitch walked into a room and Iger was in the, Iger might go, Hey, Oh my God, Randy,  when are you going to get it together?  We got to figure this out.
  Yeah.
  Isn't that not, I'm not sure if he even knows that.
  We'll tell him.
  Is it a college alum?  Mike Mitchell and Bob Iger.
  Oh, he's in the container.
  Yeah.
  All three of you went to the same undergrad.
  We have to get the ultimate, if the Korean Union going.
  The ultimate, yeah.
  Oh man.
  Carl's already figuring out the machinations of how this can work out for him.
  Yes.
  By it being very amusing.
  Yeah.
  By it being fun.
  By being a party with his three favorite people, it's Jason and Bob Iger.
  If I become best friends with Iger when he runs for president, then I can be.
  So what did they replace it with?  So the thing was just sitting empty for a while and then they, does anyone have the  full name?  Yeah.
  It's somewhere.
  You're going to hate it so much.
  Hop up Disney exclamation point, a Mickey celebration.
  It is what is known as an Instagram museum.
  Basically different rooms and statues and what are called, I know, I know.
  You should like this.
  Museum in quotes because there's really no, besides different rooms and quote unquote  exist, there's no real exhibit.
  There's no scholarship involved.
  It's just different rooms of like take a picture with a reflective Mickey.
  Take a picture.
  I'll show you some photos here.
  I got one of these guys in this neon room.
  Yeah.
  This is like Mickey related selfies.
  It's like the museum of ice cream or there's other places.
  So what do you think, Mundy?  What if I were to tell you this cost a roughly $30 to get into?  I'm out.
  He's leaving.
  He's leaving.
  Putting himself in the penalty box.
  Putting the mic on.
  Drinking tickets.
  Diet Coke.
  Not at all.
  Calmly drinking Diet Coke.
  Yeah.
  You can see a.
  I mean the ESPN zone is garbage shit, but like it, that's.
  What it was, was Disney's place to watch sports and Disney's place to play arcade games.
  And it was replaced by a place to pay an upcharge to take Instagrams next to the most Instagramed  place on earth.
  I like when ESPN zone was like the worst part of America and now this is.
  Yeah.
  It did change with the generations.
  It, I mean it makes you feel any better on the TVs outside.
  They usually have a few games still playing.
  They forgot to shut off the feed.
  The ones falling kingdom.
  The feeds are still falling kingdom.
  I mean it was bad.
  I mean like, look, I liked the America where it was like so decadent.
  You could watch like wood chopping while peeing.
  And now.
  Yeah.
  But this bullshit is just too far.
  You think this like the way you can.
  You pay $30 for Instagram pictures.
  But your head is in between Minnie and Mickey kissing.
  And that's cute.
  Like they're kissing you.
  Did you do that with half of your dream?  Bad man.
  Maybe, maybe, maybe.
  All bad man.
  It's just a bad value.
  $30 at ESPN zone.
  You could probably get one hamburger and one giant beer.
  Right.
  And go and play a bunch of air hockey.
  And like, and you can Instagram every bit of that.
  Yeah.
  What kind of political party am I mad at that best represents this?  I think it, I, well, we're apparently supposed to hate, all hate Bernie.
  So I think it's Bernie.
  Twitter's telling me that I need to hate Bernie.
  So it's Bernie.
  Let's say Bernie.
  Bernie's doing it.
  Bernie would spend $30.
  This is the future liberals dream of.
  The man, the man who bought soup on sale.
  Photograph buying on sale soup.
  Who cuts his own hair.
  They probably have like.
  Pod save America guys.
  They probably have some prime time soup.
  Oh yeah.
  What are their soups called?  Oh yeah.
  50 yard dash of like salt.
  That's right.
  I honestly, I think overtime desserts, like overtime can be very stressful.
  I don't want to be stressed when I eat dessert.
  I think it should be called like dessert dingers.
  No, it's like a happier dessert.
  Eager dessert, eager dessert fatty.
  We're going to go gamble.
  Oh, in Vegas, maybe.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  They don't want you sticking around anywhere for too long in Vegas.
  That's not like the gaming.
  We're in overtime.
  You got three minutes.
  Yeah.
  That sounds familiar.
  You're back rung true.
  Like somebody's put a buzzer on you to get you to stop eating dessert.
  Not that part.
  Not the cruel part.
  Just like a lot of buzzers going on.
  Yeah.
  Oh sure.
  I'm sorry.
  Okay.
  We've had, there's a controversial thing we've always talked about.
  I recall going to, so my parents took me and my brother were in high school.
  We went to Disney world.
  Yeah.
  You know, my mom, when I think it was weird, like it might be one last family trip for  a while.
  She was wrong.
  Cause we were like, well, just hang out with you.
  I recall it like there was a hotel and there was like waterway and we got to Disney world  through water.
  Yeah.
  There's a lot of rail.
  Yep.
  Yep.
  Yep.
  I recall it being an ESPN hotel.
  Well, so it was like around 97, 98 when the boardwalk hotel had an ESPN restaurant, not  an ESPN zone, but a separate ESPN themed restaurant with their, and the logo was big on it.
  That is not there.
  That is, it's not there anymore.
  ESPN club.
  Yeah.
  Club.
  Or is it still there?  Might still be there.
  It's there.
  I think.
  Hotel being decorated with ornate sports stuff.
  Well, there is all star sports.
  I think you're thinking of the all star sports.
  Let me pull that for you.
  That's how I tell where there's big basketballs and bats and bowling pins and stuff.
  I remember.
  Cause we mostly, me, my dad and my brother mostly spent the entire time playing time  crisis.
  That, that, now that doesn't, because every hotel usually has an arcade.
  Like this.
  Does this look familiar?  Was it by water?  No.
  So he's, you are thinking of the ESPN club.
  The ESPN club is by water.
  I think it's on the boardwalk.
  The memories together.
  Cause like this is the, here's my sport.
  Here's a Huey and Dewey playing tennis.
  No, no, there was no like Disney stuff.
  Yeah.
  This is the, I, you, I'm sure you were thinking of the ESPN club at the boardwalk hotel.
  The boardwalk is a long water.
  So it's a, it's, it is not, you're correct that there is a big ESPN thing, but it is  not a full hotel.
  It's part of a hotel that is ESPN.
  So this is what it looks like inside.
  Does this look familiar?  The ESPN club was 20 years ago.
  Okay.
  So it's like this was the outside water.
  I remember the water.
  Yeah.
  Time crisis.
  And this is right on the water, but you still seem to be, you're still supposing there was  a full ESPN hotel.
  Which is not documented on any website.
  That's what I mean.
  I might be wrong.
  I mean, I think this happens a lot on this podcast.
  I mean, it happens to us on this podcast.
  But we had a bunch of ESP.
  I mean, we ate, there was a lot of like, everything was ESPNs.
  Well you might just, you just meant to maybe never left that part of the hotel to see non  ESPN themed stuff.
  That is a very high possibility.
  You may not have noticed the 1930s Atlantic city wings of the hotel.
  Oh, is that what it was?  That's what the bulk of it is.
  Yeah.
  And it's really weirdly the rest of it doesn't feel like ESPN at all.
  Yeah.
  But this is a nice hotel.
  It's a very nice hotel.
  Yeah.
  It's where I would have been very new around that time.
  Like very new and heavily advertised around that time.
  It look like this.
  Yeah.
  That feels right.
  Yeah.
  The 1930s Atlantic city is your sport.
  Pretty much.
  That is where my family comes from.
  Yeah.
  ESPN hotel.
  It's one side of my family.
  Yeah.
  But it's not the ESPN hotel.
  That's a, you know, we're all, we're all about clarifying names and rules and sectors and  guidelines.
  So while I don't doubt that you've been here.
  Sector keepers.
  Sector keeper who cannot jewel in the underworld is enjoying some tasty cake mini donuts.
  I need something.
  To keep you interested.
  We're talking about clarifying names and borders and districts.
  Your favorite thing.
  That's all I'm saying.
  And I'm going along with it too this time.
  I was like, all right, it's like, just don't try to ruin the show this time.
  Well, I mean, because this did come up before.
  I was curious where you were going to land this time because this all came up when we  went out to the yard house today, the spiritual heir to the ESPN zone.
  And you were more insistent at the time that it was a fully ESPN hotel and you called your  mom to check.
  Yeah.
  And then she said, yeah, ESPN hotel.
  And we were like, well, she's just, I think this is remembering it too.
  And you said, are you calling my mom a liar?  Yeah.
  Are you?  I am not.
  It's not a miss.
  It's a big portion of the hotel is the ESPN club.
  Yes.
  You're absolutely right.
  Water.
  We're getting there.
  Did you check to see if at a time crisis in there?  From my memory of staying there around that time, I definitely, time crisis was.
  Yes.
  You remember this.
  This is the ESPN wide world of sports.
  Yeah.
  Oh, but that's not a hotel.
  It's a complex and I believe it's closed.
  It is closed.
  So why?  So that brought a memory.
  What are you looking at guys?  It's a picture of a, it's like the universal studios logo, but it's.
  But sorry, I can't turn all the way around.
  Wide world of sports.
  It's yeah.
  Yeah.
  A big globe.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, they had a whole big sports complex and they had a racetrack and stuff.
  Yeah.
  That's, that's.
  But you didn't sleep there.
  Did you sleep there?  Did you like sleep in a, in a, like a lot in a big locker dressing room?  That's what it felt like the rooms were.
  It was like.
  There's an in room ESPN wide world sports channel.
  Hmm.
  It's somewhere in the middle.
  I think you, I think what happened is you went to Disney world only did ESPN related  things and then left.
  And so your memory of the trip is entirely ESPN.
  Cause we had unkind things to say about Epcot.
  Oh man.
  Oh my God.
  Hang on a minute.
  What do you mean?  I think my dad said, screw the nerd crap.
  We're playing time crisis.
  What?  I think you invented that just now to make us feel bad.
  You've met my dad.
  It does sound like something your dad would say.
  Yes.
  He would put on some maroon five and not go to the nerd crap to play time crisis.
  Time crisis rules.
  He knows you guys get along great.
  Oh yeah.
  You've put all your differences aside and it's nice to see.
  And now it's, now it's the sector keepers, minions who criticize your parenting.
  He wasn't crit.
  Well, to be fair, it wasn't criticizing the parenting that would have been.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  It was just stating the facts.
  Yeah.
  A fact assuming that you're a bad man.
  Bad man.
  Which is a title that came up because you, well, because you tried to change what was  in your sector, but then you bought us all gifts.
  Right.
  Not Sheridan.
  Not Sheridan.
  That's fine.
  He wasn't there though.
  Like my family always say, you don't come, you don't get anything.
  You know?  It's like they always say, uh, the one that's not true.
  Cause if someone goes on vacation, you usually bring stuff back for a bit.
  But like, if you don't go on the walk, you don't get.
  Wide world of sports is still open.
  Oh.
  And they have things like the Ripken experience, which I'm assuming is Cal Ripken.
  You have baseball player.
  I know that.
  Uh, they have the junior NBA global championship, Disney labor day, baseball classic, Disney  cross country classic.
  They still have a lot of different sporting events.
  The third league baseball, the Braves used to do spring training.
  Yeah.
  Spring training.
  And it's also, I believe that one of the first site of the, Oh, what's it called?  The world baseball classic.
  It was, but everyone hated it there because no one liked going to Orlando for baseball.
  Yeah.
  They moved to the more madness.
  You jocks have it out for Orlando.
  Yeah.
  Look at there's a wide world of sports.
  There's wrestling there.
  Looking at a map, it is adjacent to the all-stars.
  So maybe you spent a lot of time there.
  So maybe it all like sort of blended together.
  You were staying right by a giant football helmet at the all-star resort.
  And then you went over to the wide world of sports and you assumed it was all sort of  part of one.
  It's like memento where I'm just going to have to like put together like tattoo the  clues on my show.
  He is unpacking the Mandela.
  And then you walked up to a vent and took a big hit from it.
  The other thing is if you look at it, of this part of the property, there's water everywhere  on the Disney World property.
  Like there's little lakes and ponds.
  We did do some Disneyland stuff or Disney World stuff because we went to Star Wars and  I got an A wing.
  You got one?  OK.
  OK.
  I think you're shot.
  Yeah.
  Nice.
  How big?  Big like a big.
  The size.
  Well, sometimes they have like a little tiny, you know, like the stainless steel.
  Why would he get a stainless steel A wing?  I don't know why you wouldn't get a stainless steel A wing.
  Is it like a scale?  It was like a toy.
  Yeah, it was like a scale.
  Some people get tiny vehicles.
  Why?  I don't know.
  The action figures aren't tiny.
  You'd have to ask them.
  It's a choking hazard.
  That's true.
  I'm not for 18 year old man.
  Although you were.
  Did you think you'd accidentally put it inside your lip like you were dipping it?  Yes.
  It's a very dumb child.
  You would dip an A wing?  I was going to pick up my dip.
  I didn't dip a Disney land or world with my parents.
  What?  Wow.
  I had a beer with them.
  Oh, you didn't.
  OK.
  I see.
  I was 16.
  We should take it back to the ESPN zone.
  Well, we were talking about ESPN zone.
  That's not the zone.
  We were talking about Pop-Up CD and Mickey's celebration.
  That's club ESPN.
  That's ESPN club.
  I was just trying to find this.
  Well, that was a precursor.
  Something for dad.
  That was the back door pilot.
  But no, but the sexual keeper is told as we have to stay within the confines of the downtown  Disney district.
  Don't forget, we're in a hell like place right now.
  Yeah, like we're ignoring the boundaries.
  We're underground or in the underworld.
  The boundaries are the metal detectors and the Honda Odyssey with the Star Wars Galaxy  Edge logo on it.
  But we're under all of that.
  So we just have to like keep in mind where in the hell escape those boundaries would  be.
  For example, formerly next to or across a walkway from the ESPN zone, there was an AMC  theater, a large multiplex.
  Is that gonna?  Yeah, it is currently closed.
  It's another one that they just left.
  They were going to demolish it.
  So what is just a bunch of Halloween super stores at pretty much does have that feel.
  Well, there's a lot of tables and they've started parking food trucks because they gutted  some of these places so they couldn't open.
  What's the point?  Like is this place just suck?  This area is rough.
  There's a lot of empty spots.
  They were able to reopen a Starbucks and an Earl of Sandwich.
  They were able they were going to fast track.
  They should just tear the whole thing down and put more parking up.
  They might do something like I don't think they're gonna put parking there either.
  I'm sure they're waiting for the government to give them the sweetest tax break on whatever  they're going to do there because they have to do something because they gutted the movie  theater.
  They gutted not as bad ESPN.
  They supposedly they gutted Rainforest Cafe.
  Like it's just like there's nothing left inside.
  There's no way they can reinforce Cafe, the enemy of ESPN zone.
  Oh, you didn't get along with the rainforest cafe people.
  Well, it's just you'd well, they're both commercially bankrupt, like artistically.
  By my engagement ring, I want to rainforest cafe in the Houston Galleria.
  Oh, really?  Well, you buy it at the rainforest cafe because they have like it's a big snake with a benefit  than the main ring is a tiger face.
  You're back on the bad side.
  I'm just saying I always like the souvenirs at the rainforest.
  I liked rainforest.
  My family always had a good time.
  I don't know that we had a good meal, but we had a good time.
  Yeah, the foods like ESPN level.
  No, I think it's probably worse for the crazy slushy drinks like the crazy smoothie drinks.
  No, Jason would accept an engagement ring from the rainforest cafe.
  I think you would bully you would bully people coming out of rainforest Cafe.
  The gorilla's not real in there.
  Give a shit about the environment or something.
  Probably peed your pants when that fake rainstorm happened.
  Yeah, so can you watch while peeing?  The AMC theaters, boy, a lot of history happened there.
  Why that's where the grand premiere of one of the finest films of the 21st century took  place Tomorrowland George Clooney himself walked the blue carpet to celebrate the release  of Brad Bird's epic vision and among the other guests, Cindy Crawford, Cindy Crawford's children.
  And if you remember a long time ago, I alluded to an appearance from a shark tank cast member  Oh, Laurie Grineer, the one of the biggest stars at the premiere of Tomorrowland.
  Laurie has a lot of connections at QVC and Home Shopping Network.
  She sure does.
  That's when she was pitching herself to go to the premiere.
  Because anytime someone's a veteran or has like some like ailment, she'll give money  to that's how you run a business.
  Oh, she's the one if you've got sort of a sad story.
  That's mostly what I watch as well.
  Yeah, the she's the one most likely to fall for.
  Okay, I should help this person.
  And then she's got to like, you know, sell this dumb hose that doesn't work.
  You know, like 50% of those deals go through.
  Is that right?  That sounds right.
  Makes sense.
  I would like to see a real show about what happens after Aaron can attest that in the  second act of most episodes, there's like a and then here's a here's an update on what  happened to one of the shark success story.
  And I get angry.
  I skip it.
  I skip past that part.
  Boring.
  I want to see negotiation and I want to see Kevin being mean and Damon not doing anything,  not bidding or talking or damn it's boring.
  I hate every child on that show.
  Oh, you're sick of the kids.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, this dog treat dogs love it.
  I'll tell you who doesn't have time for the kids.
  Mr.
 Wonderful.
  Yeah, he is not cotton to that.
  I feel like he's there to make money and to make child friends.
  Not like us.
  We love making kid friends.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Dread lightly.
  Yellow cards.
  What do you mean?  I love making child friends.
  What if you could have a restaurant that was more of a zone and SPN zone?  Tired of going to the bathroom and there being no televisions over the year or only one.
  You can't change the channel.
  Not being able to carry your game from your seats all the way to the urinal.
  And Mike Carlson standing right in front of it with his champagne flutes.
  If we're talking, I have one more little ESPN zone thing.
  Could I interject real quick?  You were just saying, Sidney Crawford and George Clooney.
  I don't want to get off on a whole thing, but I just Googled Randy Gerber, which is  Sidney Crawford's husband, who has a tequila company with George Clooney, just to make  sure Randy was there.
  Hey, Sidney, you want to go find some vape?  And I just Googled Randy Gerber Tomorrowland premiere and there he is with the family with  his Casa Migos shirt.
  That's why Randy Gerber was at the Tomorrowland premiere in 2015.
  Wait, wait, wait.
  Next checking is watching.
  Not Yummigos, right?  Not the Yummigos who we encountered in the Wetzel's Pretzels episode.
  Scott, you promised that we wouldn't.
  You're right.
  We wouldn't A to G it.
  What's A to G?  Just where we like just we talk about Sidney Crawford's husband.
  This is actually a lot closer.
  This is closer to A to D.
 I think.
  Yeah, I think so.
  Do you know that story about like-  I gave Monday, I said, you know what, rejects topics.
  Tell us what you need to know.
  Fair enough.
  I'm not going to politely sit here while you talk about tequila company politics.
  Randy Gerber, Sidney Crawford's husband's company with George Clooney, his best friend.
  There's a picture I just took of the two of them on motorcycles on the side of a truck.
  They love it.
  Aren't you glad you were here for that?  And aren't you glad?  He's putting down the mic.
  God damn it.
  You take the mic back.
  There's a story after they sold that like George Clooney invited-  He's got more information.
  George Clooney.
  He's putting it down.
  No, this is good.
  He invited.
  He invited.
  He's bouncing off the side.
  Don't do that.
  Come back.
  There's like a story about like-  Monday, we have a guest leaving and you were insistent on telling the Costa Migos story.
  It's a good story.
  George Clooney got all of his longtime buddies together and they all sat in a dining room  and there was a briefcase in front of them.
  Hurry.
  And in each briefcase there was a million dollars.
  I think he's actually-  There was a million dollars.
  Like 10 dudes got a million dollars.
  He's running out of dollars.
  That's a crazy story.
  He's keeping the sector keeper with him.
  That's a good story.
  He's leaving after he's done.
  He's leaving after he's done.
  He's leaving.
  Here, sit back down.
  We'll finish it up.
  Sit back down.
  Sit down.
  Sit down.
  Okay.
  Tell us one more thing you like about the ESPN zone and then you're free to leave.
  It was great.
  All right.
  I mean, it was like, you know, mostly ranch-based meals.
  That's good.
  That is a good summation.
  Great.
  Do you have any thoughts on the Walt Disney World Travel Company?  What if I were to tell you their logo looks like Mickey ears but with little wings, like  if you were looking at a plane head on?  Did you know Randy Gerber is spelled R-A-N-D-E?  It's not Y.
  Nick, you survived podcast.
  You survived whether or not the others agree.
  I say you survived.
  If you open that briefcase in front of you, there is a million dollars that I was hoping  to set it up a little more.
  Gerber born April 27, 1962, is the son of Jordan Gerber and Ellen.
  Cut his mic.
  Cut his mic.
  Wait, wait.
  It felt deep.
  Before he goes.
  Okay.
  Yes, you're right.
  Will you be my little league coach?  Hell yeah.
  Hell yeah.
  Will you be my little league coach?  Yes.
  Oh boys, boys, you give me great strength.
  You also give my cousin the level keeper great strength.
  He just texted me from his prepaid cricket wireless phone.
  Who's the goddamn level keeper?  Someone else hiding.
  He's his cousin that we have to rescue.
  He or she is his cousin.
  He or she is his cousin.
  He or she is his cousin.
  He or she is his sector keeper's cousin.
  Is it Justin Michael?  Cousin.
  I'm not at liberty to say it this time.
  He's Justin Michael.
  He or she very welcome to be.
  He or she very welcome to be.
  He or she is his cousin.
  He or she is his cousin.
  He or she very welcome to be.
  Could it be Randy Gerber?  No, no it can't.
  I've been unplugged.
  I've been unplugged.
  Wait, don't plug it back in until I take a picture.
  Think about what you're going to give.
  Mundy, here, wait.
  Okay, great.
  Let me document this.
  Wow, the first unplugging in the history of Podcast The Ride.
  Who would have thought it was Mike and not me?  Wow, score one, Jason.
  You're over there.
  You're farther away.
  You wouldn't plug on the way out.
  You would be getting wedgies constantly if he was next to you.
  Mundy's going to pour his Diet Coke over our equipment and that'll be the end of the  show.
  You started the show and you can take it away.
  All right.
  Boys, boys.
  Let's get back on track.
  To add to your inventory to help you along your journey, the level keeper has passed  along an opened container of skull.
  It was left behind at the ESPN zone.
  By a bad man.
  Oh, when you met your cousin, you left all of your chew in the trash.
  I wasn't dipping then.
  I was an adult.
  The sector, well, your memory about all this ESPN zone stuff's hazy.
  It's all hotel stuff.
  It was 20 years ago.
  So you could, yeah.
  Well, this was a while ago too.
  So.
  Glenn was getting impeached then.
  That's the other thing I remember.
  It was just updates about the impeachment.
  Have you heard this?  Have you heard about this impeachment back in the news?  That's it.
  It's all.
  That was your Jay Leno impression.
  Very good, Jay.
  Okay.
  So we have an open container of skull.
  Is it?  Yeah.
  All right.
  So we can use that against one of the future bosses that we're going to face.
  Isn't that exciting, Nick?  Nick's leaving Nick Monday.
  You survived.
  I guess the ride, the dent in Disney or a deal.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  No.
  Yeah.
  You can get out of here faster if you.
  No, thank you guys for having me on the show again.
  Please never again.
  All right.
  Fair enough.
  We're on the.
  This is great.
  I'm glad we can do it.
  I'm glad this is when I get to see all three of you.
  Yeah.
  And well before playoffs.
  Yeah.
  Best of luck to your team.
  Do you have anything to tell yourself pre-playoffs because this will come out.
  If you could say anything to a pre 2019 playoffs, Nick Monday.
  Take care of your kid.
  It's just a game.
  That's what I'm like.
  Wow.
  You're so different than this six beer drinking school addicts that you used to be.
  I always forget kids.
  Skull junkie Nick Monday.
  This has been skull.
  I'll be the next one.
  Next time I have a kid.
  Like I'll just dip with a, you know, holding a picture of the number two skull junkie father  again.
  The skull father of the year, the cover of skull times magazine.
  Dippity do monthly.
  Why vape when he can dip?  Oh great.
  Now that's what the sector keepers going to start doing.
  So they get vape in the underworld.
  No, me and the sector keeper are cool, right?  Heck yeah, man.
  Yeah.
  He's going to hook me up with some jewel pods.
  Skull flavored jewel pods.
  Oh yeah.
  Hey, instead of not more, not sector keeper, the bad keeper.
  Oh, sometimes it feels good to be the sector keeper, bad keeper.
  Whoa.
  While we're in the underworld, he's going to be the bad keeper.
  Bad.
  You think it's only a universe with bad influence.
  Nick Monday.
  Come on, let's go.
  Let's go buy an F 150.
  Heck yeah.
  Let's roll some coal.
  All right.
  They're going to take off and get out of here.
  We're going to keep exploring the underworld.
  So the next couple of days, stay tuned.
  Thank you.
  Thank you so much.
  Seriously, just this is all fake bullshit.
  So you'll get through it.
  You'll get through it.
  What do you mean?  We're in hell.
  Look around.
  Hell where you walked out from a screen door in a hell cave.
  I like Carlson's place.
  Stop calling it hell.
  Look what I have open on my computer.
  All right.
  So with him unplugging, stay tuned to podcast the ride the second gate where you'll see  what there'll be two more underworld episodes.
  We'll see you tomorrow.
  Keep subscribing and hashtag DDO hashtag free the save.
  We should do Vegas.
  Here we go again.
  Now that one, no complaints for me.
  Yeah, I'm there.
  Hey, all right.
  We'll go to the mirage.
  We'll just go to the mirage handicap table where I like kick ass a blackjack.
  So no stores or restaurants or reactions.
  That one table is going to be a salad sandwich afterwards.
  I don't even think he's talking about reviewing.
  I think he just wants to go to Vegas with us.
  Yeah.
  So you keep you in.
  Oh, yeah.
  Hashtag sector keeper cricket wireless severance.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Can you play bad to the bone now on the on your way out the door?  Sector keeper.
  I mean, I started it on the you just want him to sing it.
  It's been three endings.
  Yeah, we keep.
  You're right.
  I'm sorry.
  No, no, no.
  All right.
  Here we go on the way out.
  All right.
  Nick is unplugged.
  Goodbye.
  Life period.
