 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains  an e-ticket Disney World ride share,  thick, wonderful humidity,  sauced people in saucy T-shirts,  and two new members join a sauce-based squad.
  We're back from vacation.
  It's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride,  the globe-trotting theme park podcast  that brings talks of hotdogs and shamans  of song across the globe.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  Joining me is always Jason Sheridan.
  Yes, I'm here.
  And Scott Gardner here as well.
  We sure did.
  And, you know, I'm glad that we have.
  I'm glad that we have gone and explored other places  and gone to another coast,  because as people are hearing this, just due to our schedule,  we have just everyone has just survived the downtown Disney ordeal,  which makes me not want to cover anything in Anaheim ever again.
  So I'm really glad we've got a lot of Orlando to talk about now.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah, no.
  We'll talk a little bit about the mall, the downtown Disney Mall,  which is down to Disney Springs here.
  But for the most part, obviously, we've been sent on.
  So we have some marching orders that we have to decide  whether or not to engage with.
  Yeah.
 But if you if you're just joining us, you got to recap.
  That's all that's all last month.
  That's all, you know, so we don't want to leaving it there.
  Yeah.
 In our November of sorrow.
  I didn't think of it as being sad, but now I guess it is sad that we did that.
  Our October of triumph followed by our November of sorrow.
  And that's life.
 Sometimes you're up, sometimes you're down.
 Yeah.
  But today, yeah, today we're just going to talk about our trip.
  It's trip report.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Is it recording this a little more a little closer to our  to the October triumph? Yeah.
  Yeah, boy, we all went to Disney World together.
  That's pretty nice.
  I think we knew it would happen at some point in time and the results  didn't disappoint.
 That was a blast, y'all.
  Yeah, we did it very fun.
  It did.
 Yeah, we we were invited by a wonderful comedy theater.
  The sack comedy is at the lab.
  That's probably lab.
  As I for some reason, my brain was like worried that that was wrong.
  I was worried it was a theater, not a lab, but it is a lab.
  It is a lab.
 OK.
  I was worried I called the Chicago theater the wrong thing in the show,  but I don't think I did.
 But I'm not going to try again now.
  Oh, yeah.
 Don't do it.
  Theater work.
 Yeah, it's theater works.
  And it was Chicago podcast festival.
  Yes.
 OK.
 So I said all right.
  And I said, all right now, they were also fantastic.
  We're in Chicago.
  I thought it was Chicago theater lab.
  I thought they were a lab as well.
  No, no, Orlando is lab.
 Chicago is work.
  OK.
 Yeah.
  So, yeah, either either Sparrow Ogden, Dr.
  Augustine, Dr.
 Ogden, Dr.
  Augustine, which I guess is our Oprah Uma.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  Hopefully doesn't derail her future hosting career.
  Yeah.
 But that was the you know, that was the Orlando live show, you know.
  So listen, go back and listen to that.
  We're going to give you some some new stuff, stuff you haven't heard yet.
  Oh, yeah.
 We didn't have time to talk about too much of our show.
  We certainly talked about highlights during the show, but there's  so much more to talk about.
  We covered a lot of ground.
  Here's here's here's what I this is a big overall view of  I had not done Disney World  in my 30s, and I was definitely feeling it.
  I feel how it is different in my 30s.
  I was more tired.
  I was less able to put up with the weather despite having a very good time.
  A lot of the time, so many nights were like sleep.
  How about sleep? Maybe that's the plan.
  Sleep.
 On the other hand, Jason Sheridan,  I feel like you in Orlando are a new man.
  I said like a pig and shit like time of my son.
  Surging with energy.
  No one is sleepier that I know.
  Maybe Lindsay.
 But second, Jason Sheridan.
  And there's certain times in our friendship  when you've come alive.
  It's maybe two or three times total.
  But one is like Del Close Marathon years ago, where you're up to like 6 a.
m.
  Yeah.
 And I was like, what?  What did this come from? Sure.
  Like versus like love for Dell is the answer.
  Yeah.
 Of course.
  Love and respect for the great.
  For the purest art for long form improv.
  Why do you have to die?  God, no.
 He was.
  I don't understand.
  Angel among us.
 They do it all.
  Topsy, he was so young.
  What could have gone to this?  Have it.
 Yeah.
  You were you were like, I was like, oh, my.
  Well, who's this guy?  Yeah.
 And then, of course, we come back here and it's like years and years of.
  Oh, that's Jason Jason sleepy.
  Doesn't want to do anything.
  Can't do stuff because three days from now he's leaving town  and he has to pack tonight.
 Yeah.
  Like that's a thing.
  I think maybe it was two days.
  Maybe I'm exaggerating.
  Is it too? I think I still don't like it.
  I've gotten better at it.
 I still don't like it.
  Like like packing.
 Packing gives me anxiety.
  But like days before, I think you were unavailable because of packing.
  You've got a wig to buy on the weekends.
  Yes.
  Overwhelmed easily and need a lot of sleep.
  How much sleep a day?  How much sleep a day do you get or night?  Excuse me.
 I know I'm down.
  I'm like eight, eight or nine.
  I'm much more regimented.
  OK, since Orlando, I've been nine to ten.
  It's still we're like a week out.
  I yeah, I'm sleeping so I've been doing so much ketchup.
  I don't think I slept more than six hours a night in Orlando.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, I can go pretty hard.
  I think the Chicago show we did, so we did Chicago and that was there  for three nights before Orlando.
  And I cannot sleep very well in the house.
  And I slept like a baby.
  Jason, in my childhood bed where Mike slept as a baby in my crib.
  Jason sleeping in my childhood crib.
  Loved it.
 So I already was down.
  I was already getting like five, six hours of solid sleep at night  then to Orlando.
 So I was I was slowing down.
  But man, you never slowed down.
 It's crazy.
  No, I it's like a I crisscrossed that property so many times.
  You you had more steps like twice this.
  We made a joke in the opening about how many steps everybody had  and we had everybody count their steps and yours were like 40 percent more.
  Well, I have it by miles, too.
  I mean, the day we went to Universal, I walked 14.
4 miles.
  The day before that, I walked 11 at at Disney Springs.
  No, I think you're also you're so happy there.
  I think that may have contributed to our little snafu where you told  we were at Cabana Bay and I was going to city walk to meet.
  I fucked that up and I still feel awful.
  I oh, I'm not saying it because I'm mad about it.
  I'm just like, you know, I was doing the walk thing because you just said,  oh, Cabana Bay to City Walk.
  That's a quick little that's a 15 minute jaunty.
  Yes.
 And I did it in 15 minutes because I also knew the pain.
  OK, so there's this pathway that connects all the hotels  and the theme parks at Universal or Lando.
  And from Cabana Bay to City Walk, I told Scott it was 15 minutes,  not factoring that you were also wearing long pants and had a laptop bag.
  And also that I did it around the same time.
  The next or two days later when you did, I was like, oh, it is much muggier  than it is at seven a.
m.
  It was a lot muggier.
  But I also think you were doing it like skipping because you're going  to see all your buddies.
 Yes, that's going to see Botanicus and Vin Diesel.
  Yes.
 And the Hulk.
  You were like Captain America and Winter Soldier when he keeps lapping  the Falcon, when he's rowed, they're jogging around the lake in D.
C.
  He's just like not.
  He's just a fast man and he's barely winded.
  I would say when I was doing I would describe it as what you describe  as a 15 minute John as a half hour slog.
  But I truly think it was because you're like you just aren't even notice it.
  You're just like, no, I am so happy.
  I also I find just by the nature of them,  I find Universal Orlando more relaxing to Disney World  because there are less choices.
  You know, it's a tyranny choice choice sort of thing.
  Disney World, it's like, oh, you could have like a year and still their stuff.
  You might not get done like  Universal Orlando much more like, you know, the parks all closed at 8 p.
m.
  and there's only two of them and you can walk to pretty much everything.
  Yeah, I also feel like I is it possible that there are as many rides  in the two Universal parks as there are in all of Disney World?  It seems like they are.
 But they are right next to each other.
  They are jammed together as opposed to like many, many bus rides apart.
  And yes, if it slows you down.
  Well, I think I also too,  because I feel like you guys had a lot more friction with the transportation.
  Yes.
 In in I  I kind of lucked out most of the time.
  And then a couple of times I was seeing how far I could push the infrastructure.
  Like I got on the last.
  What? You're banging on monorail  like girders to see if they collapse.
  Like I got on one of the last buses at Hollywood Studios  to have two hours after it closed.
  And I had just gotten off a boat from the boardwalk.
  Like I was at the boardwalk.
  Do you mean you were just pushing your luck when it comes to time frames?  Things would leave.
 Yes.
  Yeah, it really made it seem like you were like demanding of the bus driver,  like, well, I wanted to see like how like how is stuff where I actually found  like for the most part overall, like stuff is running pretty well at Disney  World and and Universal in terms of rides, in terms of transportation.
  After some of the stories you guys told me and, you know,  I waited a little while for some buses and like the Skyliner hours  were kind of frustrating.
  That was the big vibe I got from other guests.
  But the Skyliner, OK, we got all down on the Skyliner  because of the accident before or before we left.
  I got to say now, Skyliner thumbs way up.
  That's the most efficient system anywhere in Disney World.
  Easy 12.
 Like from Scott and I were both that we can stay it now.
  We we we do.
  I had to say it now.
  We can now we can reverse ourselves.
  We are at the century.
  I had to try to find us.
  How dare you? How dare you?  But you can't do it anymore.
  They had a you guys had police outside your doors just in case.
  Well, I almost made a joke about it at like the you had material  related to pop century, but we didn't want to say.
  Yeah, I didn't want to say.
  So, yes, Scott and I both stayed at pop century.
  And that that is like the start or end of line of the Skyliner.
  And that to Epcot or Hollywood Studios is so fast.
  Yes.
 Like even getting off at Caribbean Beach to change to  which park you're going to so fast.
  So extremely pleasant.
  And you hear like, wait, so I have to get out at the next stop and change.
  How am I going to understand what that is?  You do it immediately.
  It's so fast.
 It's so pleasant.
  Sometimes you get trapped with like an annoying person, maybe.
  But also there's like fun bonding between sometimes I got off a Skyliner car.
  I was like, hey, good.
 Share a ride with you.
  Yeah.
 And the very first night,  fantastic Epcot fireworks, the whole way back from the International Gateway.
  Great place to see fireworks.
  Yeah.
 Magic.
  It really like creepy and odd at night.
  Then I ended up taking just a solo Skyliner to over to Disney Studios  and really weird at night, like especially if you're in one of the ones  with like character overlays because it's all fuzzy.
  You can barely see any shapes or lights around you.
  It's kind of neat.
 Yeah.
  And as well as I don't want to get too ahead, there was a situation  we had with transportation later where we got to see them all shut off  in the dark.
 That was weird, too.
  They just hang there, right? Yeah.
  They just hang.
 They don't like all go into a station.
  They don't go into a station at all.
  They just hang there at night when they're not working.
  I guess I didn't know what else it would be, but boy, it's weird.
  Yeah.
 It makes you feel like you're in a post-apocalyptic Disney world  where everything just like drop everything, bail.
  We're never saving it.
 Run.
  Yeah.
 And Disney World in itself shuts down early.
  Down to Disney Springs, not as much, but like everything does.
  Eleven o'clock is everything's like done,  except for like a few places in hotels for the most part.
  It's fine with me because truly I kept like, I kept.
  Well, yeah, like, hey, how about I have like a OK beer at the bar?  Pedals at Pop Century.
  Watch really heartbreaking Astros game.
  Sorry, Nick Mundy and go to bed.
  But I'm not here to talk about entirely travel issues and sleep.
  I like let's what's what's like big stuff that we hadn't done  or that we like needed to need to revisit.
  Or I mean, for me, there was a ton I'd never done before.
  Yeah.
 Well, Skyline, this is going to say like, I agree with everything you're saying.
  If you have sort of a lot like a little fear of heights like I do,  it is a little anxiety inducing, but it is so fast.
  As long as it goes smooth, everything's fine.
  I was stopped.
  I was late meeting you guys one day because I was hanging over  an access road for about five minutes.
  See, that would have had it.
  I wouldn't have liked it dangles a little.
  And also takeoff gets up to speed.
  Takeoff is almost like a launch and landing swings you real close.
  You are head.
  I was never on a car with other people where we didn't all yell  because you are just like careening towards the Skyliner bucket in front of you.
  It's really like the end of original Star Tours is what it's like.
  The first time you have it, have the first ride where you go into the station,  I think we all thought, oh, we're going to it's going to happen again.
  It's happening right now.
  And like we all sort of like, you know, that's what that really bonded us  because we all look at each other like, oh, OK, OK.
  Well, we're on the next one.
  We're on the next accident.
  Get that toilet out.
 So I also I wrote it about  I'd estimate like six times only once was I ever in it with other people.
  Most of the time, I got my own.
  You asked for your own.
  One time I asked, but then the other times I really didn't have to  because the crowd was not bad.
 Really?  Now, also, I got turned away twice at 1031 at different stations.
  So they were shutting it down hard at 10.
  I watched it.
 We wrote it because we went from  was it Epcot to Hollywood Studios?  I think we connected somewhere.
  I think we wrote it together once.
 OK.
  I can't remember.
  I didn't write it.
  You switch benches.
  That is a very unnerving feeling.
  Do not try to do that.
  Yeah, because you can rock like you could rock it yourself.
  You could rock it.
  The thing is so wobbly.
  But I would just I would just like it if it was a little bit more stable,  if it felt a little more like a stable ride, but it feels wobbly,  which is what makes me the fear of heights kick in.
  That's my only but I understand that that's not the.
  Do you think it would be better or worse if there was like an incline?  Like if you were in a contraption like that going up a mountain.
  What do you mean?  Well, this because this is all flat.
  Oh, I see what you're saying.
  If I was going in a skyway or skyliner bucket, but it was up a mountain.
  Yeah, like it might psychologically help me.
  OK, it might.
 Yeah.
  I see what you're saying, because when it goes way up high,  there's like a couple of different levels of height.
  And when it goes up to the highest, that's when my anxiety kicks in.
  Yeah.
 Whatever reason, when it's lower, they both be disastrous if they fell.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  But for for whatever the higher the higher one is when I like  for whatever reason, I know there's no danger of it falling.
  I know what you're feeling psychologically.
  No, I'm not saying what you would in a Ferris wheel.
  But yes, but it's like it shakes a little bit.
  It's a little wobbly and you just psychologically, you know, nothing's under you.
  That's all I mean.
 That's really what it is.
  I mean, I think big, big criticism is they've got to expand those hours.
  It seems like they're working on it.
  But like, yeah, that's a different one of the times I ended up on a boat  because the Skyliner had closed.
  There was clearly a lot of irate people on that boat  that they could not get on the skyline.
  And the captain of the boat was sort of like, and folks,  if you're upset about the Skyliner, please let Disney know  that's the only way things change around here.
  So Disney employees telling guests like complain to corporate  because that's the only way to me.
  And a boatman.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I'm going to help you to complain to an old boatman.
  Because if the park closes at 10 and you're in a line for something  and you get off at 1015 and takes 1050 minutes to get out of the park  and they shut it down hard at 1030, you got to find something else.
 Sure.
  But I'm assuming it's just maintenance and other things.
  They're making sure.
 I'm sure it'll be up to.
  I think they're going to add it from what the people are saying.
  They're going to add a ton of these.
  They're going to be able to go everywhere with these.
  They got to do it everywhere.
  I want them between crisscross and between every hotel.
  I'm so pro Skyliner.
  Yeah, I mean, it's easily the fastest thing anywhere.
  If there was one that took you to Disney Springs, that's a game changer.
  That's what they're talking about.
  Next, maybe you can call that'll quarantine  drunk boomers off the buses because, man, some of those later  buses back from Disney Springs, people were hammered.
 Sure.
  So let's yeah, let's talk about just because we did it  to my trip report a while ago where I was there and Jason's been.
  But you're what were your let's ask you, Scott, what were your feelings now?  You haven't been there for so many years.
  Now we've been doing this this fun little podcast for a while.
  Was it was there anything that was surprising?  Was the feel of it different?  Were you surprised?  You mentioned the low amount of rides, which is, I think,  what I noticed the first time because Disneyland and California  adventure have packed rides.
  It's they're packed in there.
  There's biggie tickets like in each park.
  And I think when I got to Disney World, I was like, oh, yeah, there's not like a ton.
  I mean, there's a ton of stuff to do, but there's not as much.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, you feel it the most in any park that where it's like the things  that we have essentially in Disneyland to where I because we had pretty  ended up having a pretty limited time in Magic Kingdom.
  So I'm not doing their big thunder there, even though there's differences.
  But sure, all those rides and they're fun to do.
  I don't think I did their space mountain and  big observations, though.
  I don't.
 Well, I also I'll be the Tokyo snob and say, like,  I think Tokyo is a more pleasant resort to be around,  to be in for an extended amount of time.
 Yeah.
  The ease of that monorail loop and everything so packed in both of those  parts of Seoul, I mean, especially more way more so Disney.
  See, but like.
  Well, Tokyo is kind of the best of both Disneyland and Disney World  because the resort area itself and the hotels are there's more obviously hotels  and the scenery is much more beautiful because you're by the ocean.
  Yeah.
 But general pleasant.
  It's two packed parks.
  And obviously one is the most beautiful park in the whole galaxy.
  But yeah.
 So yeah, it's also clean.
  And but I also I can't throw it under the bus.
  And then there I mean, I had a great time.
  Could you you know, one of our early episodes was debating with Mike Mitchell.
  What was better? Disneyland or Disney World?  Did you have any difference of opinion now after being there and being  still Disneyland? Got to go, Disneyland.
  Yeah, it is still Disney.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 You too.
  Well, I will say that.
  Let me let me also say in the post, and this is not a surprising opinion  and not an opinion anyone would ever negate.
  Universal Orlando is 25 times better than Universal Hollywood.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah.
 There's just no competition.
  It's so it's great.
  I mean, and part of that charm is the way it expanded  similar to the way Disneyland expanded.
  Second part is right next door.
  Like, I believe this is that was like their idea is like, well, we can't.
  We're kind of in the middle of the city.
  We're buying this piece of property to build Universal Florida.
  Our eyes on expansion.
  We can't expand the way Disney World did,  but we can expand like the way Disneyland is eyeing.
  And it happened 1999 California Adventure happens.
  2000 was similar, like, you know, shopping district hotels,  that sort of expansion.
  But it does.
 It's much more manageable.
  It's so nice.
 Just like I think just a key difference.
  Is that like Disneyland versus the Magic Kingdom?  It's just there's so much more.
  And even our even Disneyland's weird  like Ghost Town Tomorrowland is still almost better than their tomorrow  than Magic Kingdom Tomorrowland, even though I mean, Tron's going to change  all that.
 Tron's gonna be great.
  But we I think we have a better space man.
  I love the oddities that they have carousel progress.
  Yes.
 And the people mover.
  But I still and I really enjoyed that it's  it made me so happy to be back in 94 Buck Rogers.
  Yeah.
 Tomorrowland.
  I love that as a change very much.
  But I don't know.
  It's a big bump for Disneyland that we have the better space.
  We want.
 Yeah.
  I think just the jam packed nature of Disneyland versus  Magic Kingdom or the or Tokyo Disneyland, I think, just gives everything a bump.
  And these properties can't help that.
  There's like there's a ton to do and all the parts.
  I would also not to go into a tangent here, but like I'll give Haunted Mansion.
  I think I mentioned Florida's better.
  I would agree with that.
  Jason.
 Yeah, I'm trying to think.
  I mean, those extra scenes at the start.
  Yeah, a lot of it's that.
  Yeah.
 And the end.
  Yeah, sure.
 The ending now.
  Love the Escher room.
 Absolutely.
  I sure am very cool.
  The ending is cool.
  And all of that stuff is not plus ups that doesn't obviously like it  perfectly fits into the classicness of the Haunted Mansion,  which is very cool.
  So, yeah, I don't disagree with that.
  I'm torn on the house itself, the exteriors, which I like better.
  Yeah, that's a tough one.
 Yeah.
  I guess that might be a tie and I might just be a draw.
  Yeah, that's two different kinds of haunted houses.
  And they have better audio in the stretching room in Florida.
  They have that cool new.
  Oh, more stereo going.
 Yeah.
  A couple of years ago, they added it in where it's like it kind of floats  around the room, the voice, and it's really cool.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 And they have not done it out here, I don't think.
  Unless I'm not remembering now why they haven't done it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I did.
 I, of course, did do one thing that's a little different in Disney World.
  The Liberty Bell Riverboat.
  Oh, we didn't put that in.
  Oh, how was that?  OK, so it was well, first off, it was inconvenient  because it departs every hour and half an hour.
  And at Disneyland, the Mark Twain just departs whenever it comes back.
  It's just continuously running.
  But the river's bigger there.
  And so it's a lot more spread out.
  And I forgot that, like, you see other stuff like the, you know, the old guy  in Pirates of the Caribbean and Disneyland sitting like by the restaurant.
  He's like sitting in his rocking chair.
  He is on the rivers of America in like a weird little shack.
 Interesting.
  The other big takeaway is that the co-pilot of the Liberty Bell  narration is a young man named Samuel Clemens.
  And he tells you a fact about the riverboat.
  And then he tells you a very pithy quote.
  And it is shoehorned in.
  It is there like banging out Mark Twain quotes while while going like  and this part of the river that buoy means this sort of thing.
  I was born humble, but I've grown out of it.
  Like it's just they're just not related, not attached to the fact.
  They kind of so such a leap in the book.
  In Disneyland, the boat is the Mark Twain.
  It is the mark.
 Why are we here in Mark Twain and not the Mark Twain?  Is that a nod to the other one?  I think so.
 I think well, because he was a riverboat captain.
  So his name is still Tom Sawyer Island.
  Right.
 In Disney World.
  So do you so I guess we're doing a lot of comparisons.
  That's I don't really it's not fair.
  I we like them both.
  It's different.
 Oh, yeah.
  I had a great time also in answering this question.
  I don't know if I maybe I still have L.
A.
  bias, but I was I wouldn't describe my state ever as relaxed in Disney.
  Perhaps at the Boat House.
  We were we went away.
 Oh, yeah.
  The Boat House.
 That was wonderful.
  There were or oh, my God, California Grill.
  I got a California grill in there.
  We ended up at California Grill one night, too, which is really great.
  Oh, my God.
  Getting fireworks out there and the audio pumped in and the  I got to have the the wine that Kurt Russell made that's named after Goldie Hawn,  which I also had at Club 33.
  I think I think that's high up on my list now.
  I think the nature of our trip, we all sort of were in the same spot a lot,  which I think psychologically, at least for me,  I think that tires me out a little more to sort of be on a schedule.
  A little bit more, which is exhausting.
  So I do think that's part of why I was feeling a little tired as well,  just because like we we all had to be somewhere to get into the park  at the same time for various reasons.
  So, like, oh, yeah.
  And then as we all like splintered off and did our own thing,  because like I was I was never more relaxed.
  And as I mentioned in the live show, seeing the Bahama and at Epcot,  I was alone.
 I abandoned the group.
  Your trip highlight was just you and the Bahama.
  I would say maybe highlight, but I'd be like, I'm in general.
  I've never been more relaxed than like because I went from like, OK, fine.
  Like I didn't have any sleep.
 We're on the plane.
  We all have to get here at one time.
 We're doing it.
  And then I was like, I took the Skyliner.
  I was very stressed the whole time on the Skyliner.
  And then I got to Epcot.
 Oh, yeah.
 I'm at Epcot.
  I went to like get a drink by the American Pavilion.
  And I just sat down and watched the Bahama.
  And I was like, OK, everything's the finest.
  My new favorite band.
  And then I was like, all right, here we go.
  Did I meet up with you after that? Yeah, yeah.
  I had a piece of bread for you to give me a piece of cheese bread as I.
  And you did seem much more relaxed.
  I had had a very relaxing solo meal at Mama Melrose.
  I had, of course, demolished a full pepperoni pizza myself.
  Flates like for one for it wasn't huge.
  But that that was my describe it as demolished.
  I because I was so hungry at that point, because like I also would.
  So I might.
  I have like tips for people, but I a lot of mornings  just had like a Clif Bar and coffee on the run.
  And that was also like that was kind of that was reliable.
  And it was also like, oh, this is saving a little money on a meal.
 Yeah.
  And then I can splurge a little more throughout the day.
  You know, yeah, we can show that a lot more once we had cereal and stuff.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  So I was like one day going to try to do like a breakfast buffet  or like get breakfast somewhere, but I just couldn't get up that.
  I never did a sit down breakfast anywhere.
  You know, my tip would be make sure if you if you want, if you want like items  and if you want like cereal and bananas and not insanely expensive  and water insanely expensive things,  if you want things in your room that aren't insanely expensive,  you have to do it on the way into the property because you end up trapped.
  There's no supermarket.
  There's nowhere to because you'll be guzzling four dollar  waters all week if you don't like prep for that.
  So if you're lifting or something from the airport on the way,  the stock like stop somewhere or pop out real quick before you head into a park.
  Also, you can get groceries to live Amazon.
  You can do Amazon Prime now, which is what we did.
  And there's also a number of Orlando's besides I think it's green grocer.
  There's a few Orlando specific will deliver groceries to your  apartment.
 She more a little more expensive than Publix,  but certainly cheaper than Disney prices.
  Yes.
 We got like three giant things of water delivered.
  Oh, OK.
 Well, that's a very good tip.
  I've never done any delivery of food from anywhere.
  I must be so in the past.
  I've never I've never done a Postmates in life in life.
  Never done it.
 You never had a pizza delivered?  No, that's but OK, but not like those services.
  Not not.
 Yeah, not.
  I'm not doing a lot of app food delivery.
  I've never I don't think I've ever ordered food on an app that's going to my house.
  I mean, really? Yeah.
  Don't do Postmates, I would say.
  Almost every time I've ever done Postmates, not good.
  But like if you do whatever is it eat 24, is that gone?  And it's it's you know, that might be help.
  Whatever that is, like that's more official and like you get every your food  like packaged, which I like better because like Postmates,  they'll just literally hand you an open Taco Bell bag.
  So you're like, but do you what?  It like feels really like a haphazard.
  It seems like it stresses out restaurants a lot.
 Oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 They should not be getting that kind of pressure.
  I did the high.
  I brought a metal water bottle.
  I didn't pay for water all week.
  I just kept filling up this water bottle.
  I think you're going to say a high jump.
  No, do they call is this a hydro flask?  It's not the VSCO girl one.
  It's like the swell kind of one.
  That's a good tip.
 Yeah.
  And some of the places that you find that was easy to get  fill up your water everywhere.
  Well, they're starting to add more water bottle fill up stations.
  But there was enough restaurants.
  There was enough restaurants where I could get water from like,  yeah, a machine or something.
  Only once, I think, that I did I filled up at a drinking fountain.
  Well, we're talking about sustaining ourselves.
  I'd like to talk about one one specific memory, which is a moment  where there was a divide between the group and Mike and Jason  way insisted on going on Living with the Land.
  Oh, yeah.
 And Aaron, Lindsay and I refused.
  Not happening.
  We'd rather than going on Living with the Land.
  We chose to watch Lindsay eat cereal,  which I maintain was the correct decision.
  I don't know.
 Mike and I, we had a great ride on living with the land.
  I had a very good time.
  It was a very good time.
  You know, they had lots of little I really like this.
  They had lots of little signs that said like, oh, this kind of,  you know, herb is used in the food festival at this stall in this dish.
  Yes, I'm just fondly recalling the cereal again.
  So it's just great to see Lindsay like, you know, fueling herself up,  feeling, feeling better.
  Well, we were you missed out on advances in hydroponics.
  We saw a person in a white lab coat doing something.
  There was a lot of them this time.
 Yeah, there was.
  They were all doing something.
 They were all doing something.
  I don't know what, but they were doing something.
  We saw them.
 Jason, I saw them.
  Because they're in there and lays down the lawn.
  So we dry ended up getting her.
  She got dragged on to a lot of stuff that she said was off the list.
  Living with the land was the point of no return.
  She was not doing living in the land.
  I was pleased that Lindsay was in the same.
  There was no weight.
 We did all do  the abomination journey into abomination.
  Yes, I'm not going for that either.
  At least it's you know, it's fast and there was a lot to like do  and talk about in that after that image works area.
  What a weird atrocity of a.
 Oh, yeah, I designed.
  I don't know if that a ride like they're still very rudimentary.
  Email yourself the figment you designed.
  Build a figment.
 You built a big, big, big man.
  Hittiest like big, big, big like him.
  Like like something like it wouldn't let me go back.
  It was I believe it was named.
  I just came across in my photos, I believe.
  Yeah, because you couldn't reverse your errors.
  Work and end up being named Iraq with an A.
  E.
 A.
 Like in an email.
  R.
 O.
 K.
  And it was a jacked figment, a jacked yellow figment named Iraq.
  It was that's good.
  I mean, they're like, you're out of Iraq.
  I mean, yeah, I like Iraq.
  Iraq was probably one of the best examples of like the aesthetics are so insane.
  There's no aesthetics.
  The worst being the grounds of pop century.
  Like, yeah, yeah.
  Aaron declared that the most unpleasant,  aesthetically most aesthetically most unpleasant hotel she's ever stayed at.
  But inside freshly redone rooms.
  Yes, very functional rooms, very space economic.
  Yes.
 Every time we we were like ready at every turn to like,  oh, but I bet they don't have they do have that.
  There's a surface for everything.
  There's plugs everywhere.
  I do really.
  So I would recommend the hotel.
  And as I said, I like pedals.
  The bar.
 Yes.
  But yeah, it was all very when we checked in, we were like,  oh, this is a cruise ship.
  We're in a stationary cruise.
  Yeah, I mean, it's for families, for families who are running and gunning  at the parks.
 Now, if you are a solo traveler or like a couple,  an adult childless couple running and gunning at the parks, pop century.
  Very convenient with that skyliner.
  Now there's that skyliner as reinvigorated,  though tells that you might call more on the outskirts.
 Yes.
  And I'm really glad I switched purely for Skyliner.
  Read all the fastest mutes I had.
  Yeah, all due to the Skyliner.
  And we're a nice station.
  It's kind of the end of the line.
  And like you're going over.
  I'm going to be the most beautiful part of the whole thing.
  The big lake that, you know, we're heading up century and art of animation.
  Our glass lake.
 Oh, yes.
  You're now heading over our glass lake.
  I like those.
 I like that narration.
  I like those little sounds.
  The little star tours.
  Are we use them on the show sometimes?  The ambient noise is very pleasing.
  Like I had found like on white noise, like YouTube white noise stuff.
  There's like a 12 hour loop of the no stromo from alien.
  And it's just kind of the hum of the spaceship.
  And the Skyliner kind of has a similar sort of like hum as it's chugging along.
  I'm working with somebody right now who is pumping into his headphones at all times,  like Star Trek, Spaceship Ambience Sounds.
  I don't think I knew this was a thing.
  Yeah, it sounds great.
 I like.
 Yeah.
  I'm not sure what my I mean, I listen to like, you know, early 80s  people, mover, esk music all day.
  And that's my version of it.
  But that's a good this is a good area.
  Everybody should do stuff like this.
 Yeah.
  The strong but Nostromo is kind of creepy.
  It is.
 I am.
 I was a little I had it on for like 30 minutes and I was like,  is someone about to get attacked? Is this a trick?  No, it was just a hum.
  They'll be a little jump scare.
 Yeah.
  Well, I was going to ask what your rooms, what were they closest to  in regards to like giant gaudy thing like what giant Play-Doh?  Well, I was by a giant.
  Yes.
 I was.
  I knew I don't think I knew where you were, Jason.
  Oh, I was in the 80.
  OK, we talked about this a little.
  The numbering system at Pop Century is insane  because I was in the 80s wing, but I was in building seven.
  Now, the 90s wing is building  eight and ten, but the 70s wing is building eight.
  Like the numbers don't quite add up in my room.
  My room number was seven, four, five, five.
  Four means fourth floor.
  Like there's all it's very weird.
  And I was waiting for anybody who doesn't know any of this.
  This is Pop Century is a hotel that is themed after decades.
  Yeah, it's kind of like 50s through 90s.
  So there's a bold, big iconography of each decade,  depending on which wing you're staying in.
  So what you're saying is, yeah, the 50s aren't labeled five.
  I would be nine and then the 90s are seven.
  And it doesn't make any sense.
  So when I went around the corner, I could see a giant Walkman.
  And then I could see the smaller, quiet, quieter pool.
  That had a giant laptop opened up to ABC News dot com  circa the 1990s on it.
  A massive laptop.
  Oh, and then a massive idol like statue of Roger Rabbit.
  Yeah, because I'm looking at this right now.
  This is a nightmare.
  Whoa.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 You ever seen it?  No, I never seen this.
  Wait, wait.
 You're talking about the laptop.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Have you seen the laptop?  No, I spin it around.
 It's crazy.
  It's a laptop.
 Yeah.
  You know, I never I didn't make it over to there.
  I didn't want to walk those grounds.
  Where were you at? I was in the 50s.
  I was over.
  We had to pass by both Lady and the Tramp,  but we were in a wing that was a big jukebox.
  And I remember because every time leaving my floor, they they wrote,  which I do like that they wrote the names of every like song  that the jukebox could play.
  So they made up a bunch of 50s sounding songs,  include the one that was the nearest to the elevator that I saw over and over  was she got a color TV.
  Now she never talks to me.
  I saw that joke over and over again.
 Pretty good.
  I also had to keep checking the text they had sent me to like,  what building and room am I in?  I'm usually very good at remembering my hotel room, but I could not.
  OK, building seven floor four.
  What is the number? Right.
 Confusing.
  I also the whole thing was making me think, oh, in the like,  thank God that they stopped at the 90s, because if you built a hotel  based on the 2010s, then like the iconography  and the like the catchphrases would all be horrifying.
  Yeah.
 Hashtag me, too.
  Well, hey, the art of animation,  they simplified and they fixed it where it's just like you're in the lady  in the tramp building, you're in the cars building,  you're in the little mermaid building.
  Then that was the one that was supposed to be like the pre 1950s.
  So like there would be a giant monopoly board  pre 1950s popular culture.
  You know, it's the other fun we got to have.
  They when you're on the Disney buses, they theme the music  to whatever hotel you're coming from or going to.
  So we got to hear great songs from different eras  like the Seinfeld theme, something no human being would ever do.
  Just be like, you got to mix your driving and you're cruising in the car  and like, this is just a bunch of random songs I like.
  Nobody recreationally listens to or like the Brady Bunch cheers.
  I heard we.
  Cheers, I could see listening to recreationally.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 There's some extra verses.
  Cheers.
 Yeah.
 Cheers.
 Pretty good song.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, I'll give you this guy.
  We were on the same bus to Animal Kingdom that one morning.
  Oh, I was writing down some of it because one bus ride  because that's the other thing.
  Pop pop century is more eastern part of the property  and animal kingdom is more western.
  And so this kind of longer bus ride, we heard  Rolling Stone, the Bob Dylan Rolling Stone,  like a rolling stone, like a rolling stone.
  Then the cheer speed song.
  Then diamonds are a girl's best friend.
  Brady Bunch theme.
  And of course, the Macarena.
  Oh, yeah, that's right.
  We were we were doing a lot.
  Yeah, we had the Macarena in our head for like up until getting into Pandora.
  Yeah.
 Oh, which that's right, because we got off the bus  and I still had Bob Dylan in my head and I was like, like a great crone.
  I had the Godfather theme on my way to Hollywood.
  I heard whatever it is.
  I don't remember.
 Universal, too.
  I heard the guy every theme park is licensing the Godfather theme.
  Yeah, because he just screams movie.
  I guess, yeah, I know you would think it would be more of like a soaring  like the soundtrack to Soren's Q is always like soaring movie soundtracks.
  But like the Godfather theme is kind of a little.
  Yeah, a little tad ominous.
 Yeah.
  I, you know, while we had just like a,  you know, like a silly, you know, like  made in mass pina colada kind of bar at that hotel,  we did have to make special trips to go to.
  And now I realize we hit a bar at every one of the Magic Kingdom loop hotels.
  And these were the highlights for me, if you can imagine.
  Oh, yeah.
 California Grill with fireworks.
  Hell, yes.
 Nice Disney fish, as in  Carthay Circle or Napa Rose.
  Same goes in California.
  If you if I'm having a nice glass of wine and a like a good fancy Disney fish.
  Fish dinner.
 Yeah.
  The Disney, the fancy Disney restaurants do great fish.
  I'll tell you that whatever their sustainable catch of the day is.
  You're never more chill than having that.
  We had.
 Yeah, we went to I think it was the same night we had a loop.
  We did Sam Trader Sam's.
 Yes.
  We'll cover Trader Sam's soon.
  More in depth and I'm glad I've done the other one.
  But hell, yeah, that was a blast.
  Great food there, too.
  And that electrical boat parade broke out while we're sitting out there.
  That was there were like two things that were just totally  out of my mind that I totally blanked on.
  It was the boat parade and then in Islands of Adventure,  the Poseidon show.
  Oh, yeah.
 And I just totally forgot they were there.
  And I went back to Universal a second day.
  I could have squeezed it in, but I just it was just burned out.
  That was the one thing.
  My brain was a little fried from going so hard.
  So every now and then.
 Absolutely.
  We did the what's I from forgetting the name, the Beauty and the Beast  themed bar at Grand Floridian.
  Enchanted Rose.
 That's right.
  Pretty new lounge on the second floor of Grand Floridian.
  Yeah, we hung out with  as me and Aaron and you and Lindsay.
  That was fantastic.
  Jason was sprinting around.
  No, that was center.
  He was trying to do three laps of the world.
  Showcase center then took the skyliner back to the hotel and took a nap.
  That was like Tuesday.
  And I was starting to crash.
  Highlights or naps.
  A lot of our content has been getting water and cereal.
  All right, let's let me get the 30s Disney.
  Let me hit a hard let me hit a hard opinion here.
  People I've seen a lot of people say  Galaxy's Edge is a better transition in Hollywood studios than Disneyland.
  Bullshit.
 Absolutely.
 No.
  Why? No transition.
  There's barely a transition.
  It's fine.
 I don't hate it, but it's like a jarring like transition from  Toy Story into there makes no sense.
  Yeah, that is not they ran out of money.
  It feels like that from Grand Avenue into  where the rise of the resistance is, that's at least a tunnel.
  You're kind of you can see the split from the one stonework to the other.
  Nothing compares to that critter country, that long way in  no long way out in Disneyland.
 Love it.
  It's just exactly the same.
  We didn't really spend much time.
 We didn't know.
  Yeah, because I've been there a lot.
  There's different colors we've seen.
  You can Google the differences in colors.
  We could talk about that.
 But why would we?  It's a little it's an audio medium.
  So to talk about the colors is odd.
  I'll talk about these colors, blue and green, the milk.
  I had alcoholic green milk, which I was looking forward to trying.
  I've said before, I feel like the flavor of the milks while I like the first six  sips, I feel like it gets a little punishing.
  And I'm like, why am I consuming this if not to get a buzz?  So here I got to do it with alcohol.
  Little disappointing because I saw the little it's like not blended as one thing.
  They pour a little like half shot of was it tequila in the green one?  Tequila green, I think bourbon and blue.
 Is that right?  It I get a nice smell out of it.
  Like you get you get a like, you know, fragrant margarita smell.
  But I didn't feel much and it just felt separate.
  The blend wasn't I don't know.
  I don't I don't know that the alcohol does anything for me with the milks.
  The trick, OK, the alcohol trick as far as not really a trick,  but Disney World and Disneyland, it's like the place actually have us.
  Like you have to find the right places to have a drink.
  Yeah, because most of them, they is what you're saying.
  They're going to give you like a little bit of a pour in a big sugar drink,  which I like, but they're not in Vegas.
  At least they're giving you more alcohol in it.
  They're not they're really skimping out.
  It's really wimpy.
  And this is one of my big bones to pick.
  The pores at the Food and Wine Festival.
  Are you kidding me?  Or get the fuck out of your symbols for ounce.
  I stood in a really long line and then got to the front of it and said,  saw three ounce.
 Never mind.
  So I got in a different one.
  Probably should have checked the sign before I got in line.
  Much longer line.
 Really hot.
 Really human.
  Get to the oh, I get an extra.
 I get one extra ounce.
  I get four ounces.
 Yeah.
  What is I was I I will say this.
  I was severely disappointed by the Food and Wine Festival.
  California, but you're way, way, way, way better.
  Way better.
 How are those words? I'm sorry.
  But are the pores bigger in California?  You get an actual you full glasses.
  Yes, I believe so, unless I'm I can't remember.
  But like, you know, I think everywhere is just giving you full beers.
  So that's not a problem.
  But I was looking forward to my my wine at the World Showcase  Lago during Food and Wine Festival.
  So looking forward to this.
  And then I ended up with this wimpy thimble.
  It wasn't good, was not good wine.
 Yeah.
  And that might lead me into this thing.
  I don't want to take up too much time with this.
 But so.
  Well, I'll say one of the highlights of the  of the entire trip and of the Food and Wine Festival,  our friend Doug Jones was down there with his girlfriend, Jessica.
  And we got to hang out.
  And he I don't think without him, I would have I don't think I would have made  a point of going to see Sheila E in the Eat to the Beat concert series.
  Sheila E was fantastic.
  Prince World, you love you love Prince as much as I do.
  It was great to hear some.
  She did like she did America.
  Oh, great, like deeper Prince song.
  And hearing that in front of the American Adventure.
  Yeah, it was very, very exciting.
  That's is that got both of the big hits in and a bunch of like Prince jams  in the first half hour set.
  That was a blast.
 That was fantastic.
  But while on the way to that with Doug, he pointed out something to me.
  He said, you OK,  have you noticed the sheer preponderance of Disney drinking shirts?  That's been in.
 I don't know if this is all the time  or if it's just during the Food and Wine Festival.
  But basically Doug said, like, OK, I'm going to open your eyes.
  You've been blind until now.
  And you once you once I've told you this, you can't unsee it.
  And truly, it felt like I was putting on.
  I put on the they live glasses and I was seeing the world in a different way.
  Because from the time Doug Doug told me that onward,  every sixth shirt I saw was some Disney wine bullshit  all in the like worst, curliest fonts I've ever seen.
  And typically a group of like nine people all wearing these same shirts.
  Let me get through this quickly.
  I wrote ice from from that point on, I started just recording  into a voice memo on my phone what all of these shirts consisted of.
  Usually a typical thing, glass of wine,  like a character wig or hair or something up top and the curliest, most unreadable.
  You had to like really stare at it to be able to read the shirt.
  But let me let me just jump to these.
  These are all I saw within like an hour's time.
  Bibbidi Bobbidi booze.
  A whole the wine glasses with the hocus pocus characters hair up top.
  And it says drink up witches shining, shimmering, shit faced.
  She's yeah, I know we're not the part  in a theme park environment, drunkest of them all.
  Sipping beauty, Walt's whiskey.
  It's just two words.
  I think beauty.
  You guys are OK with that one.
  We like deal.
  Tell me what you end up liking the most.
  I kind of like there's a few coming up.
  I like a bottle opens up a whole new world.
  Come on.
  Drinking around the world may not be the answer, but it's worth a shot.
  There's a shot.
  A lot of just drinking around the world.
  And I think that's where this all started.
  We're going to the Food and Wine Festival.
  It's World Showcase.
  We're going to drink in every continent.
  Sometimes there's a checklist on the back.
  Simple.
 Get it.
  But these are getting out of hand.
  Food and Wine Festival.
  People refer to drinking around the world because there's a bar in every  multiple bars in most cases.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And that's that seems like that's sort of what I wanted to do.
  But Food and Wine Festival almost makes it more difficult to do  and to brave the line.
  And then it's just a thimble.
  I don't understand.
  California wins in this regard.
  Yeah.
 Fight me on it.
  I don't care.
  I just can't wait to be drunk.
  No one drinks like Gaston looks like a beauty drinks like a beast.
  Bibbidi Bobbidi drink till you drop it.
  What a leap.
  Yeah, a tad.
  Yeah.
 If you can't tie it together within one,  you need a comma or a second sentence.
  Now we're jamming it together.
  Tear the paper off, crumple it up, start a new page in the legal pad.
  Come on.
  Tidying it.
 You should do it in the like tweet window  to make sure that you're not going over 240 characters.
  Probably should be under like 60 characters, if we're being honest.
  Something with Ariel and says under the influence.
  Oh, get arrested.
  These are cry for help.
  And Ariel is a teenager.
  Ariel, yeah.
  Under the influence are most of these.
  Do they have the character on or is it just a saying?  In some cases, it's just usually there's just like a  because I think most of these are not made by Disney.
  No, none of I don't know.
  So I think it's it's just a semblance of character here  that gives you the vibe.
  Do you get it? I throw a bunch of these on our tea public.
  Maybe so we got to come up with like 20 right now on the air.
  Well, we should make them relate to like our, you know, our areas of interest.
  Yeah.
 I mean, like, I mean, I didn't see any duffy ones.
  Oh, my God.
  You figure out country bear ones like hit.
  It's like with paws like hit the paws, hit paws until I'm wasted.
  What do they say on this?  That's good.
 That wonderful duff.
  Love that wonderful.
  Definitely.
 The Simpsons.
  Yeah.
 Oh, that's good.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Well, it is a Disney owned property now.
  Oh, that's true.
 Yeah.
  Uh huh.
 The seven Duffy's.
 Uh huh.
  Uh, I was seven Duffy's is good.
  That's so good.
  OK, sippity doodah here for the beer because the kids aren't here.
  Which side note also, if you are, if you're if you're looking at shirts  at the Epcot Food and Wine Festival and the shirts are not these wine puns,  then they're about being tired of adulting.
  And I am tired of people being tired about adulting.
  Do you think any adulting shirts?  We could maybe do a lot more business and t-shirt business  if we just make 10 of these crank them out and crank them out  and just put them in like bad cursive font on T public.
  Yeah.
 See who because people just buy them thinking like, oh, it's just.
  Well, turning our logo into the into papyrus into the avatar font,  we're already like I am forcing Aaron, my wife and our graphic designer  to go down some dark roads, maybe just in pursuit of commerce.
  We have to go down some even darker roads.
  I think we.
 Well, I think Disney is a month away from selling these kinds of shirts  because on the shop, the shop Disney app, there are.
  I was like flipping through it one day and I was like, oh, that's kind of a nice shirt.
  And I was like, what is this slot that says must customize?  And it's like the most tastefully designed shirts.
  Sometimes on the app, you have to put like the Sheridan family under the castle.
  So they're selling they're getting in on the bulk group shirt thing.
  They're not going to do booze shirts, though.
  They're too.
 Even though there's willingly selling booze to everyone,  they're not going to like Michael.
  I think Bob Chapin is going to pull the trigger on this.
  It's so weird also, because like I think all of like we all just went.
  We were a group of adults who went to Disney together,  probably with drinking among our top goals.
  And yet, can you imagine all of us coordinating the shirts?  But we should do it next time.
  We didn't even get on the same like this guy and I, we were on the same  the same flight, but that didn't even see each other.
  Yes.
 Yeah, I was.
  Sorry, I mean, worked out.
  And I think you were probably more towards once I was in the very back.
  For whatever reason, by the time I booked it, I could only get.
  We didn't even hold hands on the plane.
  We didn't even hold plans.
 Hands on the plane.
  I'm a couple of couple more really fast.
  Wait, wait, hold on.
 I have one big hero six pack.
  Oh, that's great.
 That's very good.
  Very good to go into.
 OK, like, what do I know the best, which is Rex?  You could have Rex and it's and it says I've I'm writing these.
  I've always I've always wanted to get wasted.
  Yeah, that's good.
 What else does Rex say?  That's his first time.
 Yeah, yeah.
  This might be your first time getting blackout drunk and it's mine, too.
  Wait, yeah.
 Oh, no, it's is this your first drink?  It's mine, too.
  Like as if he like forgot he had a bunch of beers already.
  Oh, yeah.
 Where is the booze?  Where is the booze?  Booze, booze.
 Where is the booze?  I'm going to go off the beaten path, even though this is one of my most reviled  Disney things, the good Dino sauce.
  Jesus.
 I'll write it down.
  But it is a little.
 Yeah, yeah.
  You could do you know, we had a good time on Carousel of Progress.
  I like taking every Carousel of Progress quote, because there's one  there's a thing that he says a lot.
  And maybe this there could be something about like, you know, my my my.
  Oh, you know, just or just him.
  I've been I've been trying to get sober.
  It'll never work.
  God.
  We got to have an uncle Orville reference  because all of us obviously drying on the bathtub.
 Yeah.
  So oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  No, he says no privacy.
  No privacy at all around here or whatever.
  Yeah, no pina coladas around here at all.
  No, that doesn't work.
  And it's still pretty good.
  I asked on the way to that that you could take the people  mover logo and turn it into the liver runer.
  So getting so bleak.
  And that's what I like.
  I like when they're about the darkness of drinking.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Yeah, so I'm trying to think of a good country bears.
  Oh, yeah.
  Uh, the country bears.
  The country bears.
  Yeah, it's a hoedown in my liver.
  Well, we're down in my liver.
  I think it's important right up as soon as I can get a drink.
  All right.
  I'll write it down.
  I'll get all the mean man.
  People like the I'll find a ladder.
  I'll be right up that.
  I'll let's let's in bright shoes.
  The country bears, I'll say, when we did it,  the audience was hot.
  Was a good hug.
  It's true.
  I've been a bad audience.
  Influenced it in some way.
  And I hope you forget seeing in person how funny that show is.
  Yes, I went back and did it a second time right before I left.
  I was saying that people were jacked for.
  Yeah, people were there for it.
  It's leftover like body humor.
  Like you they wouldn't have made the show like that today.
  And they've cut some stuff from it.
  But also, like I have a full track, I think, on my phone, the full show on my phone,  because you can get in the iTunes store, but  you forget how goofy they look and just seeing them do it.
  People are laughing at how silly they look.
  Just the reveal of a big sad bear playing a tiny guitar.
  Yeah, just that gets.
  Yeah, it was getting laughs and not these like multi level were over it.
  And we found this new way to laugh at it.
  Like people are laughing the way they probably would have laughed at it in the 70s.
  Yeah, very genuine.
  Mark Davis designs very, very good.
  Just I remember the first time I had been on it, which reignited my love of it.
  It was like the Sunbana trio singing the guys that turn me on, turn me down.
  I mean, it's very funny.
  So three little bears.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And that was getting huge laughs.
  Yeah, I think because I think a lot of people go into it forgetting and then are like  because when you're you don't get all that stuff when you're a kid.
  That stuff goes over your head.
  But then like when you're bringing your kids, you're like, oh, yeah, this is funny.
  Every every drink I see goes right down.
  If we I think you'd have to have a picture of the bear on it, too.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No, that seems important to trigger.
  OK.
 There's a great on the saddle.
  Booze all around at a great big puddle of booze on the ground.
  I'll just write that we can workshop that later.
  There's a great big beautiful hangover tomorrow.
  There's a great big beautiful.
  Yeah, so that's fine.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 Close enough.
  We're getting there.
  There's a great big beautiful tall boy tomorrow.
  It's very saying because it's a great big beautiful Tom Collins.
  Tom Collins.
  I was just trying to get shining at the end of every bar.
  It's shining at the end of every bar.
  That popular drink.
  We're going to clever with this.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  All right.
  Do you have more?  I still have more.
  Because I ended with the craziest ones.
  Can you drink all the colors of the wine?  Off to.
  I was going to say, yeah, what are the colors of the well?  And that Disney added blue blue.
  But so now there.
  Yeah, you could drink four colors of wine potentially.
  It didn't.
  I don't understand this one.
  It's all the witches.
  It's like Maleficent and, you know,  who else is Ursula or whatever?  And then you can't sip with us.
  Oh, like you can't sit with us.
  Yeah.
 But the villains are just like kind of like, I think it's like,  like clicky and catty.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And then Dory the fish.
  I'm never I'm never drinking again.
  Oh, look, tequila.
  Oh, forgetful.
  That's why I was kind of trying to do that with the Rex one.
  Yeah.
  And character there.
  Can I hear the while we're still brainstorming, you just because you bought  you bought that right.
  The chef figment.
  Or yeah, there is there.
  You got a little Funko chef figment specifically.
  So with one little spark, one, I mean, just one little shot, probably.
  One little shot.
 Yeah.
  That's the level of not going to clever with it.
  Yes.
 That's what I think.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 We should just release 10 on the same day.
  I see what wins.
  I'm not.
 Yeah.
 Not kidding at all about that.
  I think that should be.
  I see what the most popular one is.
 Yeah.
  And I think it's really not that hard.
  I think we can even just like type it up on the website.
  I don't think Aaron has to do anything.
  That would be, I think, preferable.
  I think we can just go on right.
  Find the worst font imaginable.
  Yeah.
 Just dump 10 of these on our site.
  And then she said maybe we'll pay a couple of dollars to promote them  just in general.
  And we'll see what happens because this doesn't seem possible.
  That one of just one of these shirts, which is strangely like, oh, my God,  we made sixty thousand dollars.
  That's what I'm getting at is that I think maybe we'll catch  one of these will catch fire, maybe all of them,  but one at least, I think.
  And it'll be like the most bought drinking Disney shirt.
  Yeah.
 Because I'm wearing one the next time the skyliner breaks down  and you see a photo of them hanging hands on the glass.
  Oh, oh, oh, I just thought, oh, I thought of a great one.
  Nod your head.
 Blackouts coming.
  No, that's OK.
  Yeah, basically getting the universal rack.
  Yeah, I know.
 I think we got to bring universal in on it.
  I think we can for the rest of the episode, we certainly can throw these out.
  I don't think we have to stop them.
  No, no, no.
 Let's let's try.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I boy, I drink enough whiskey to fill Stephen Tyler's hat.
  That one's a little more niche.
  A lot of.
 Yeah.
  So I got to I got to hear that line.
  I got to experience that I was brave and I went on the roller coaster,  which I did this in the live show.
  I listed what I went on not to recap,  but I did a lot of stuff that I'd been afraid to do before.
  And I'm so glad I got in like launch fight and shape and drop fight and shape.
  Because some of these were crazy.
  I would call Rock and Roller Coaster the craziest launch and like a lot  heavier, I'd say, than in credit coaster.
  Yeah.
 Is it how much faster? Do we know how much faster it is?  I do think it's faster.
 It's faster.
  It's like a 10 mile per hour.
 Yeah.
  I mean, you can find the numbers online, but I think without my training  in the last year, that would have been a much worse shock to the system.
  And I'm so glad I can do this.
 Did you do Hulk?  Didn't do Hulk is the most intense.
  And also, I you guys did it.
 We did it.
  We got front row on the whole front row and I almost grayed out a little bit.
  Yeah.
 And I wrote it a few days later again.
  And I got tossed around and my head got bounced around the restraints  a little more when I wrote it with you.
  I thought it was smoother,  but I think it's aging.
  They redid it just a few years ago and it feels worse than it used to.
  I agree.
 I mean, I know my brain is rotting.
  I mean, we're getting older and, you know, we get some warnings  from people about Hollywood, Rip Ride Rocket, which did break down.
  There was a little bit of news story about this even the day that we were there.
  It broke down.
  And I think people were anxious to jump on it.
  It was a much bigger problem than it was.
  But I don't know.
  Like we got told for I don't want to say sources, but like the like  maybe that one's showing its age.
  Maybe that's right.
  Maybe I might advise the audience to not.
  And then it broke down.
  I was going to do it because I haven't done it before.
  We're going to do it.
 It's a scary like climb.
  Now, apparently I've done it.
  Yeah, I wasn't wild about it.
  I didn't want and I liked picking a song.
  And the last time I was there, it's been too much time browsing.
  And they're like, all right, you get sabotaged by the Beastie Boys.
  Pretty good song.
  That's pretty good.
  It's pretty good.
 There's a secret menu to.
  Yeah, there as well.
  But you also have to pick that song when you are like 90 degrees straight up in the air.
  Like, oh, weird.
  That's all that you do.
  That's when you do that business on the way up and then it starts playing.
  I think as you drop, we did learn that that ride now there are great  because like they got a lot of bad press when people are stuck on it for two hours.
  Now they put in different breaking systems  where like they just very slowly bring it over the hump and down  until it's like ground level and then get people off that way.
  Because people got stuck.
  Yeah.
 In the loop.
 Is that right?  Like, no, no.
  On the lift.
 Oh, I see.
  So they made it so that can't happen anymore.
  Yeah.
 So they were stuck maybe for 25 minutes versus two hours.
  Yeah, that's nice.
 Yeah, that's good.
  That's better.
 Yeah.
  It's in terms of scariest moment for me, probably  Rock and Roller launch or all the backwards in the dark stuff in Everest  was like more intense than what I usually do.
  Very cool.
 Loved it.
  And you got to do it now.
  This stuff.
 Do you go upside down in Everest?  Am I wrong? In Everest?  No, I think you when you go back, isn't there like kind of an upside down?  Or am I not in restraints that would make you able to go up  so unless they just keep you in a seatbelt.
  It's hard to tell what's happening to you.
  I guess that's what I because it's like on such an angle  that it kind of feels like I'm having pressure on my neck,  which feels like I'm doing a little loop.
  But I guess I'm not.
  The scary thing was going to be like going all the way up  and then you're at the end of the track and like  like something about that would be so precarious and scary.
  But it's not till that indoor spin around in the dark part.
  I'm glad I got a front row on Everest.
  I think it was back.
 I think it was maybe all the way back.
  We made that that part less scary.
  Yeah.
 You go backwards in a helix.
  OK, but you don't go upside down.
  Yeah, you don't go fully upside down, but it feels like it.
  You also, Scott, I gave you a lot of credit because in a one hour span,  you did rock and roller coaster and Tower of Terror.
  You would have been impossible.
  I mean, yeah, it would have been possible.
  I mean, just because you didn't want to in the past, but also back in the day  when those rides were newer, that would have been insane  to get on either of those that quickly in the afternoon.
  Like you would have had much quicker, much longer recovery time.
  The dream corridor of the park to bang out.
  And as I snooze, new or Twilight Zone, I mean, we haven't done  Tower of Terror proper, but so exciting to see that.
  That was so great.
  Lindy and I went back and rode that again.
 Oh, nice.
 One night.
  We had a there was a split.
  We decided we only had time to do because we can get on Slinky Dog  right before closing.
  And we only had time to do one rock and roller coaster Tower of Terror.
  And I chose a rock and roller coaster over tower.
  Not nothing against Tower of Terror.
  I just need it.
 There's other there's an iteration of it.
  You could do.
 Yeah.
  Rock and roller coaster is only there and is not in Paris anymore.
  And as Lindsey pointed out on the on the drop itself,  I'm a little spoiled now because of the Guardians.
  Everything about other than the drops on Tower of Terror is fantastic.
  Yeah.
 But the drop portion feels lacking now  because Guardians of the Galaxy.
  Yeah.
 The dropping is less and it's quiet.
 It's quiet.
  There's no soundtrack.
  Yeah, I can see what would be less exciting at this point.
  So it's like the thrilling part of it.
  So that's so I was like, OK, what do I want to do?  I want to get the thrill.
  Do I want to go and see Aerosmith play live after this rollercoaster?  Or do I want to do a really great thing?  But that's not as I have a drop, a better drop version in California.
  Sure.
 Sure.
 What ride did everybody do the most?  That's a good question.
  I I didn't do a lot of things a ton.
  I didn't do a multiple.
  I did Rock and Rollercoaster twice.
 Yeah.
  I'm trying to think.
  Yeah.
 Would you or would you make a point to go back?  Because I I would have fit in another one if I could have.
  But I was very pleased to do ET twice.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And I'm glad because I was so excited.
  I was I was like a dog that wouldn't stop barking.
  The first time I did ET, I was talking and talking.
  And Aaron requested that we do it again in a more solemn  manner where we actually take it in and it's a respectful experience.
  And I don't blame her.
  And I'm glad that we did because we in that version we got in the front row.
  So we were the first two names up.
  And sometimes clarity is an issue with ET.
  It was unmistakable.
  And I posted it to our Twitter account at ET.
  Goodbye.
 But hearing our names right after the goodbye.
  Goodbye, Aaron, Scott.
  Such a thrill.
 Yeah.
 So glad we got to do it.
  But my most rides title goes to Mexico Boat Ride.
  Oh, wow.
 I did three times.
  Wow.
 The second time was because there was that crazy thunderstorm in Epcot.
  And by that point, everywhere indoors was so fucking jammed.
  And every bench outside was wet.
  And it was truly like there is nowhere to sit.
  Wait, I know a chair we can get in right now.
  No problem.
 And that chair is on the Mexico Boat Ride,  which I insist on calling it.
  I hate what a delight I.
  And, you know, in our little fascinations,  you know, our fake rocks and our smells and things that we like.
  I want to add a couple of things to that list.
  Indoor fireworks.
  There's wonderful roof fireworks on that ride.
  And I think those are I think the shades of the Sinbad ride in Tokyo, too.
  And also, there's a couple of Epcot rides with these just very pleasant  green painted on cityscapes.
  My Epcot green cities.
  God bless the Epcot green city.
  You know what I'm talking about? I know what you're talking about.
  Yeah, there's that.
  And it's it's in the Mexico Boat Ride.
  It's there's one in Spaceship Earth for sure.
  OK, it must have been in Horizons.
  I can only and I think I'm forgetting one even.
  Are you saying the mural on the outside of Spaceship Earth?  No, in the rock in the ride, which is the progress city model  on the people mover kind of like that kind of in that zone.
  Yeah.
 Oh, for some reason, I know you're so chilled out  by these pleasant green cityscapes.
  I just want to like, you know, you mean sit and have a drink staring  at one of those green cities for a while compared to our actual  crumbling infrastructure in Los Angeles.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  The dream of the actual great cities of the future.
  Jason, you're most frequented.
  Well, I wrote the people mover around.
  I got to do the like.
  So the day we did Magic Kingdom, a downpour happened.
  Yeah.
 Right after we saw took a picture with Sonia Clips and it's like, all right,  let's continue walking.
  There's the rain.
  We got forcibly trapped.
  We got trapped in one of the best spots.
  You could get trapped right in front of Sonia Clips.
  So we had kind of a forced viewing of the entire Sonia Clips.
  Yeah.
 Which would have been more pleasant if it wasn't terrible rain  and contemplating, are we going to have to eat the food in this place?  Nightmare.
 And have to eat in cosmic race.
  You can dress up cosmic race to something good.
  But so I braided the ray.
  I ran to people mover.
  I had an umbrella.
  Unfortunately, the entrance to the people mover floods to ankle level.
  Oh, yeah.
 My shoes were very wet.
  Congrats.
 Yeah, I got it.
  And I got to get on a moving transit system.
  And so but everyone was just walking on.
  There wasn't a big wait.
  So as it came back in the station, like I asked, like,  what's the easiest way for me to get back on?  And they're just like, you want to go again?  That's like, yes, I do.
  And they're like to stay in.
  Yeah.
 And so I got a second round of that.
  But I think I ended up doing  Dr.
 Dooms fear fall a few times because it really I didn't know that because  yeah, because I did it.
  Did I do it today?  I did it, you know, a couple of times at night.
  The night we did universal because I the last few times I had been down,  the parks closed early enough.
  It wasn't dark.
  And it's very cool to see the whole resort lit up at night.
  And then the Saturday I flew out.
  I was just there early enough.
  The Islands of Adventure had just opened.
  So I just walked on single rider a couple of times because you also see  different angles of the city, depending on what side of the tower you sit on.
  And I went to the full queue, which is full of like Doom bots  and Dr.
 Doom artifacts.
  And I've never done that.
  That does sound great.
 I should have done.
  I'm sorry.
 I left early.
  I went to the wrestling NXT show at full scale that night.
  So I bailed a little early and did not do horror nights.
  I apologize.
  I am still a so-called so-called king of haunts,  but I did not conquer the Orlando Haunt.
  This is confusing.
 I mean, do you like haunts or not?  Do you? Yeah, a lot of people have been asking me.
  And the answer is yes, I love haunts.
 I'm into haunts now.
  Yes, you didn't even do.
  I mean, you didn't even join me to get on Dudley Do-Right at 515  as the sun is setting.
  The only cold day of the the only cold day we were down.
  And I immediately the first little baby drop got hit with three buckets of water.
  God, was it worth it?  I mean, it's great.
 It's such a fun ride.
  I mean, it's yeah, I love it.
  But then you get to chill out a little later at the Hot Dog Hall of Fame.
  Oh, I did.
 Yes, you met me at the Hot Dog Hall of Fame.
  I was kind of insistent.
 I just saw it.
  I didn't know there was such a thing.
  And I'm like, you got it.
 You're coming here, right?  You must.
 Yeah.
 I mean, it was a return visit.
  I've eaten there in the past.
 Oh, OK.
  Yeah, it's great.
 You can really load up those hot dogs.
  My hot dog was falling apart.
  I had some because where else you find that red onion sauce?  Not on the East Coast, you know.
  I asked you during the live show, how many hot dogs total  combined in Chicago and Orlando?  And I just I just had the one.
  But there was the day that within 24 hours,  I had had five scoops of ice cream.
 Right.
  Because so should I talk about?  Well, let's talk about.
  So Mike and I, Monday night, we split off to go to Disney Springs  to eat a chicken guy.
  Oh, yeah, this chicken guy really.
  That was a huge show at the live show.
  Yeah.
 Chicken guy is a newish restaurant in Disney Springs.
  Yes.
 Uh huh.
  It's a it's a phenomenon, I think.
  It is.
 Yeah.
 And I mean, it's the general.
  How is the chicken prepared?  It's tenders are fried a sandwich.
 Yeah.
  It's fried chicken.
 It's not spicy chicken, although I don't know.
  Is there an option for that on the menu?  Well, there's certainly spicy.
 Well, now,  we're, of course, members of the sauce squad now.
 Yeah.
  So I signed up for the sauce squad ahead of time on my phone.
  Jason did not because he wanted the physical sauce squad card.
  But who would be the fool?  I was the fool.
 Jason was the fool because they would not honor.
  So basically, you have to sign up online anyway.
  You get two free of.
  So whatever you order, maybe you get one or two free sauces with this.
  But if you're a sauce squad member, you get two additional free sauces.
  That's 50 cents a sauce.
 That's a dollar savings.
  That's a dollar.
 So if you're going a lot, which if we lived in Orlando,  we would.
 Yeah.
 You're getting a lot of change.
  That's when you live in Orlando.
 Oh, there we go.
 Oh, believe me.
  It's any month.
  Aaron made Aaron pointed this out about both of you guys, but especially.
  She's like, Jason maybe just needs to pull the trigger.
  Maybe Jason needs to do.
  I don't disagree.
 So you were so happy.
  She saw a picture of you with the Vin Diesel wax figure on Instagram  that you posted, and she's like, I don't think I've ever seen him happier.
  Salute, familiar.
  You could do comedy at SAC.
  I could.
 Yeah.
  I would make it less special, though.
  I don't know.
 Orlando is always a question.
  Well, did did make the Disneyland become less special living out here?  I mean, even while that's hmm.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Did Universal City become less special living sort of near it?  And so, yeah.
 City walk become less special.
  That's a saga.
  I would argue, no.
 Yeah.
  I'd argue to only make it better.
  It's all more.
 Now there's stories.
  So we hallowed tales.
  We yeah.
 So we both had Chicken Guy.
  And this brings up an interesting thing to me, which the economics of Disney  Springs, like you pointed out, it's really a big draw for the locals  because like a chicken sandwich, a chicken guy is like six bucks.
  Really? Yes.
 At the hotel, a much worse chicken sandwich is like 13 bucks.
  Yeah.
  And they make all these sauces in how it was very good.
  I mean, at a certain point, we were talking about being excited for Chicken  Guy because it was funny.
  And then once we're eating it, we're like, this is good.
  So much so that you went back.
  So we we after we ate there, we went back to Hollywood Studios to close  to do Slinky Dog.
  But the next so the next day is the day that  I had a drink at the Polynesian bar.
  You met me there outside of Ohana outside of Ohana.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 We have been at Animal Kingdom in the morning.
  And I think we all tapped out around lunch because that park heats up.
  Yeah, boy.
 That park is a pressure cooker.
  But if you rope drop it, you can get on flight of passage in under 15 minutes.
  Yeah, we didn't wait like it didn't wait at all.
  So I'll Tule Canteen.
 Also very good.
 Yeah.
  I was still there.
  I went to Rafiki's Planet Watch to pet a goat.
  I did the dinosaur ride and I did Expedition Everest,  which as I was getting off that and heading to Saltuli Canteen to eat,  you were like, do you I I am going to get a boat.
  Oh, yeah.
 I'm going to get a boat to go  out on the seven sea list of lagoon in Bay Lake.
  And then you said that magic phrase, I'll pay for it if you want to meet me.
  Lindsay was going to go get a massage at the Grand Floridian.
  And I I had wanted to do this putt putt boat.
  I had heard so much.
  Like 45 bucks after an hour, I think.
  Well, I knew he was on the fence about it.
  And then I was like, well, I know it's about it.
 Yeah.
  But I was like, well, I got to get I because you famously have talked about  like your family would do these boats and my.
  Honestly, we're very famous.
  You get stuffed on the street about the boat.
  But you mean you were like when you were a kid, your family on the boat.
  To me, because you were like, this was like an adventurous thing we did.
  And we were very safety minded.
  And my parents said they were your parents that are too dangerous.
  Well, no, my parents did it when they were young, newlyweds, like in the 70s.
  And my dad ran out of gas and.
  Oh, right.
 I'm.
  Washing up on a rocky jetty  in the wake of like a transportation boat.
 Right.
  And then just kind of had to sit and wait for my mom to bring back help.
  And then he got swallowed by a crocodile,  but then was able to like manipulate the crocodile body.
  So he like raised you from a crocodile's body.
  The rest of your child.
 Oh, yes, that's true.
  It's a huge news story because how did the crocodile get into Orlando?  That's gator country.
  Oh, that's what I meant.
  But no, we took the boat out.
  We did some live streaming from the boat.
  It's very hard to see a phone screen in the Orlando sunlight.
  I was worried you were going to the phone was going to go flying into the water.
  Which would have been funny.
  It would have been good content.
  We could have talked about it.
  So this was my my most crisscrossing because after this, after the boat,  I was a little worn out from the heat and the sun.
  There was a couple of things I wanted to do at Epcot again.
 I did.
  So I took the monorail to Epcot from the Polynesian.
  I went on Spatial Earth again because they're going to change it soon.
  I went and did test track, which is thankfully being refurbished in January  because that ride was rough.
  That was not great.
  And then I had a nitrogen cooled chocolate truffle.
  This was like we did that same thing.
 Yeah, yeah, that was great.
  It was great.
 Like they scooped shot like like, you know,  chocolate truffle into liquid nitrogen, made the outside hard as a rock  and then smashed it with a hammer and you ate it with a fork and delicious.
  Maybe one of the best things I wasn't best meal, best treat,  best drink you had whole trip.
  Oh, I'll go first.
  Pizza at the California Grill.
  OK, really good.
 We just went up to the lounge.
  We didn't actually have reservations.
  That's a good tip, too, is because like you don't have to have reservations.
  You can just go you have to you have to go to a floor to check in for reservations.
  But you can just go there and go, is anyone in the lounge?  Can we go in the lounge? And they'll say, yeah, sure.
  And they just take you upstairs.
  And then we had like really good pizza.
  Yeah, we did the sit down, but it's like, yeah, I did.
  I wasn't sure what the if the lounge was.
  You could still get into it last minute.
  So, yeah, I didn't know.
  Yeah, I didn't know at all until we just went and checked.
  The chicken guy was good.
  Chicken for me, too.
  So that was then I took this Skyliner from the Epcot back to All-Star,  back to Pop Century, took a nap in the Murphy bed.
  OK, so this is a big thing.
  So what you can do is you can tell Disney, I don't need maid service every night.
  I didn't even tell them that I just ordered a standard room.
  Right.
 But I'm saying like, so this is a thing that basically I didn't realize.
  But you can get a ten dollar credit, a Disney credit or Disney gift  card per night that you don't need the maid to come the next day.
  So we were at we went to All-Star Music.
  We were five days and they give you 40 bucks or whatever.
  So you were calculating this very specific thing  that if you didn't do it and you didn't have maid service,  that there was a Murphy bed and a regular bed.
  And you were excited because since you weren't staying the whole time,  you could sleep on both of them and they would both be fresh beds,  which you really like.
  So I didn't end up doing that because I was so tired the one night.
  I didn't want to pull down the Murphy bed.
  But when I went to take a nap, I was like, all right, I'll try the Murphy bed.
  It's a but it's not as good as the regular bed.
  It was identical to the it was like the same mattress.
  It was the same mat and all your pillows are on the regular bed anyway.
  Same pillows, same sheets.
  Total cash for total profit on this.
  What did I got?  Because I did it.
 I did it.
  Probably got 20 dollars.
  Now I got like 30 bucks.
  OK, how many nights were you there?  Which certainly could not have gone towards a boat.
 No.
  He offered.
  So I took the nap.
  I woke up.
 I'm like, what do I have time to do?  What I was going to do that I didn't I was going to take the Skyliner  as close as I could get to Disney Springs, then take a bus to Disney Springs.
  Why are you doing all of these?  Because it's fun, because I like the skyliner to the Skyliner  to the car back to the minivan.
  And I wanted to see how everything was running.
  I want to see how the theme park journalists to try and stuff out.
  I need to pack in infrastructure tests.
  Yeah, so I ended up doing the more rational.
  I took the bus to Disney Springs.
  I ate at Chicken Guy a second night in a row.
  By that point, my sauce squad membership had been verified.
  You got your free to my free to sauces.
  Are you going there primarily to finally cash in on your sauce squad status?  Uh, no.
  Well, I was also doing some souvenir shopping.
  Disney World is down 50 cents, too, for free.
  So that's another that's another dollar.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Boy, you're so and sensor climbing up.
  So now the clock is ticking.
  I had Chicken Guy and I wanted to get to the boardwalk  to go to Ample Hills before they closed so I could eat overlooking  their lovely body of water.
  I got the buses were taking a little while.
  I got on the boardwalk bus with some very drunk boomers  who were screaming about like the Toto song Africa.
  They don't think it makes.
  It doesn't make any sense.
  Who's blessing the rains in Africa?  Oh, well, fuck them.
 Yeah.
  Get the fuck out of your assholes.
  Hammered.
 I got to the boardwalk,  got into Ample Hills like three minutes before it closed.
  And then they said the magical words, Sir, would you like any complimentary topics?  So they're giving you hot fudge and whipped cream for free.
  So I had a little something.
  And now you whipped cream for free.
  I had the hot dog.
  I had the exclusively flavor Sally sells seashells,  which is a mandarin orange with chocolate pieces in it.
  Delicious.
 OK, we'll see what flavors of every so.
  So that was so that was the Sally sells seashells and ooey gooey butter cake.
  Right.
 Signature flavor, of course.
  The next day at Diagon Alley at Fourlean Fortescue's Waffle Cone.
  I think I did going off the dome and not one note.
  Yeah, no, it doesn't need it.
  It was Apple crumble and Earl Grey in his head.
  And then that night I went to Hard Rock to Emack and Bolio's  and complicated names.
  You just got it.
  And had it was like a super it was like triple.
  It was like super dark chocolate ice cream with chocolate chunks  and brownie chunks in it was a special name.
  I don't remember.
 I don't maybe.
  And that is a triple something midnight something or blackout something.
  Wow.
 So and then I.
  Oh, OK.
 So then how do you get back from the boardwalk to pop century?  Hotel to hotel.
 So very difficult in Disney world.
  So I'm like, do I go? I think others lifts, by the way.
  That's it.
 It gets expensive.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So I always had that out, but I wanted to see if I could do it for free.
  So friendship boats still running, took the friendship boat from the boardwalk  to the closed Hollywood studios, got on the last bus.
  When it's the end of the night, they just line the buses up in a row.
  They don't even do the stations anymore.
  I got on that like one of the last buses out like Saigon.
  I got on one of the last trips out and got back to pop century  because I had to go to bed because I checked out the next morning  and moved over to Cabana Bay Universal, which I thought was great,  which is a great hotel for all of like the design and sanity of pop century.
  The like modernist architecture of the bay looks really nice.
  Granted, only like three years old, but better aesthetics, much better aesthetics.
  Great service.
  A lot of restaurants and bars in that one for like a value, moderate, like  floor to ceiling windows in my room.
  Like, yeah, very, very nice.
  But to answer your question, top heats.
  Nitro truffle was a highlight.
  Chicken guy.
  Boathouse was very good.
  That's good.
 Yeah.
  I saw Tully Canteen.
  You were in the.
  I was really.
 Yeah, I liked it.
  Yeah, you did.
  I just did.
 But I dug it.
  You're going to start.
  Aaron did like a combo that struck out a little bit.
  And I'm quite right.
  But I had this like garlic noodle shrimp thing was very good.
  Yeah.
 And mythos mythos.
  We got those.
 We got the big table.
  We got the VIP table and mythos, which if you anyone recalls,  factored into our fake rock Final Four, we got to eat in like it's the restaurant  and now it's an adventure that is fake rocks on the inside and outside.
  We get to dine inside fake rocks.
  Delightful.
 Yeah.
 Walked in pretty much.
  Yeah.
 We're seated almost immediately.
  A very food is good there.
  Food was good.
  Menu was very like interesting options  about the same price as like the three broomsticks.
  So like I know there's a joke of like,  oh, they have the best theme park food banner hanging for like 20 years or something.
  But mythos was good.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Mythos was good.
 I was thinking, I think I said at the table,  if we started giving out, you know, we're an authority in the theme  park journalism community and the theme park entertainment world.
  If we started handing out awards to things, would they have to post it?  Like if we also gave mythos some sort of no, but keep going.
  I'm just saying maybe I mean, I guess you're right.
  They wouldn't have showed.
  But should they? Could they? Would they?  Because what was the authority that's giving mythos the top?  Yeah, that was weird.
  Yeah.
 What's that?  Park insider.
  There's a banner outside of mythos in a theme park, which is odd  because you don't see this anywhere in Disney and more than other.
  I don't see the name of a newspaper or a website saying come into here.
  It's not like a movie or not seen as agates review.
  It's weird.
 Yeah.
  Did the old banner say Attractions magazine?  I don't know.
 There's a couple.
  It has.
 It has always been well reviewed.
  Sure.
 I'm just saying, you know, we have a lot of say now.
  We have a lot of poll like let's award mythos something.
  Let's award other universal restaurants things and see if we can get a banner.
  We'll maybe make the.
  OK, so let's say we ate.
  We at podcast, the ride ate at mythos and mythos is a meal fit for a king.
  That's great.
 Right.
  Put it on your put it on a banner.
  Yeah.
 Retributed to podcast the ride.
  Zeus himself, king of the gods, comes down to enjoy a lamb burger.
  That's right.
  So there'll be a banner now, hopefully soon hanging under the one from theme  park insider.
 Yeah.
  That's you know, we're endorsing mythos.
  We want name placement.
 Yeah.
  The Islands of Adventure.
  Can I tell us a quick story stemming from what you said, Jason,  a little bit ago about boomers?  Yeah.
 A fun boomer encounter.
  As I talked about in the live show, hell of a American adventure.
  Had a great time.
 Great to see the Zuck in there on the week.
  He was getting grilled.
  Is it just getting his dick grilled by AOC?  He's really fantastic.
  So we are leaving the American adventure.
  And there was this quote that was in general,  the American adventure is very strange to watch now that we're coming to the end  of the American adventure.
  And there's like there's a lot of like quotes and moments  where you just kind of get this weird little shiver like, OK,  but never more than at the end where this is actually I think it's  I don't remember if it's Franklin or Twain,  but one of them is actually quoting John Steinbeck  saying how America now faces the danger,  which has been the most destructive to humans.
  Success, plenty, comfort and ever increasing leisure.
  No dynamic people has ever survived these dangers.
  So on the way out, I was kind of quoting that  and saying in that voice, yes, no great society has survived leisure,  which is why these millennials need to get off their asses and get a job.
  That's just a bit I'm doing for you guys.
  And then several feet ahead of us, a woman turns around  and gives us the biggest hammiest thumbs up and like, yes,  like the hugest face of somebody said it.
  Somebody said it in public.
  Thank you.
  Somebody I would I would call this person a boomer probably.
  And and then she turned back to her husband and they kept walking.
  And then they turned back and stared at us again because she did some mental math.
  Wait a minute.
  These not olds who say this millennial quote, these are youngs was  do I detect sarcasm?  And they didn't know how to process.
  I think they realized maybe they'd been had.
  That would happen.
  I think so.
 I think they did a double take.
  Like I thought I would turn and hear that quote coming from a  60 something.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  A man with a franklin impersonator.
  Did they then say like right about the leisure?  Yes.
 And the husband added, I think he did the math of, oh,  maybe that was sarcasm or something.
  It was sort of awkward.
  And then like, well, you're right about the leisure.
  I'll tell you that.
  And I my head when I heard that, I wanted to go like,  motherfucker, you're here on vacation.
  We're all on Disney World.
  We're working.
  Hey, we're all at Disney World.
  Yeah, we're working.
  Work like with with our self made podcast.
  Yeah, we were built from the ground up.
  We figured out a revenue source for ourselves.
  Yeah.
  You know, Hollywood's all IP now.
  You sure?  Where are the ones we're making original crafty?  Yeah.
 But I just like it's like, what are you complaining about?  It's the world like you're on vacation, too.
  You're on.
  You're doing leisure.
  I just don't understand why you guys don't go out and get a  four hundred thousand dollar a year job.
  Get to it.
 Start applying.
  Just show up.
 Just show up and say, I'm ready to work.
  This was a big reminder that we are in Florida.
  That we are.
 This is Florida.
  We cannot maybe go around yelling shit like that as we would in California.
  And we could be, you know, like I just realized, OK, so keep Trump comments  in your pocket.
 Got it.
 Get it.
 Good.
 Yeah.
  Aaron reminded us of this as we went into the Hall of Presidents.
  You know, I remember.
  Remember where we are.
 Florida.
  Best behavior, everybody.
  Understandably, because there's a lot to snicker about in the Hall of Presidents.
  So two guards, there's two security guards in there.
  I believe there's more.
  We were only one the first time I went.
  I think we're all like tongues bleeding from biting like everyone.
  I know our friends from SAC, who are with the people from said  a couple locals with us.
  And they were like dying.
  They're like holding themselves together, like cracking up.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But we're like, can't do it.
  I don't want another American adventure thing.
  And then Trump starts talking.
  I hear a boo.
 Somebody else.
 Not in our group.
  So at least I at least we didn't add to it.
  But like and a child started crying when Trump started talking.
  A child had to be escorted out of the room.
  He boy, I mean, we'll do Hall of Presidents eventually, but in person.
  Holy shit.
 So spastic.
  The most spastic animatronic I've ever seen.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And this is before the we're in a week where he's been booed multiple times.
  Just seems to be like  getting off on it at this point, keeps going to public sporting events.
  Yeah, getting ripped.
  He might well, as as Trump Jr.
  said, like, well, you know, if you're going booted at city,  that means you're doing something right.
  Like within the city, you're from motherfucker.
  But also also like President Bloodsport, like, yeah,  I love when the president goes to UFC events like that's  really funny.
 OK, they're.
 Yeah.
  Because that was a surprise.
  I think Trump is going to a dog fight.
  President Trump attends cockfight.
  I find my good friend, Michael Vick, I finance.
  He's starting it up again.
  And he had a good name.
 Great dogs.
  He gets booed there by the eight people that are there.
  I like dogs now.
  I know I say things people die like some dogs are like,  yeah, we got to do these dogs are hard workers.
  Maybe when the may be right before the election,  we do Hall of Presidents proper episode.
  Yeah, yes.
 Yeah.
  The year from now, we'll do it right before we finally escape  the scourge forever, assuming he's not impeached before.
  Oh, no, I'm sure he'll be impeached.
  Absolutely.
 It might be irrelevant by the time this episode comes out.
  So we got to be careful.
  And then the sun rises on all of our structural issues solved.
  Once he's gone, everything then everything's back to normal.
  Everything's back to perfect.
  The way it was perfect years ago anyway.
  Before we I'm sure there's a lot of other stuff to say,  but the other big story to tell in this is a transportation issue  because Jason, you had very good luck with transportation.
  I had very good luck.
  Is this the after the show? Yes.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So after the show, I grabbed a lift back to Cabana Bay.
  My my driver was a little chatty.
  And I was like, oh, this will be funny.
  I'll talk about my my the next morning when I see the guys.
  I'll be like, oh, and a chatty lift driver.
  She told me about a family and stuff.
 Isn't that fun?  I thought it'd be very, you know, we're all waking up.
  This will be some small talk.
  You guys went on an adventure of the life.
  A wild ride beyond what Mr.
 Toad could dream of.
  So people who are listening to this may have been talking to us  outside of that comedy lab.
  It was great to meet everyone and talk to everyone.
  As soon as whoever the last of you was left, there was no post show party.
  We all left.
  We called a lift and went to go to bed as soon as we possibly could.
  We were very tired.
  SAC is like downtown Orlando, which I'd never been to before.
  Yes.
 And it is party like college party central down there.
  We had fucking motorcycles during our show.
  Yeah, we were revving motorcycles throughout the whole show,  which we first saw with thunder.
  And then people like, no, there was motorcycles.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Like a gang of motorcycle motorcycle gangs.
  Someone told us about that, that it's like, oh, yeah,  there's not a lot of places to ride in Orlando.
  So everyone with motorcycles just to does it downtown.
  They do loops around the comedy theater, the comedy theater with great sound,  probably the best sound in an improv theater I've ever seen.
  So we so we call it lift.
  It's pretty much further than yours because we had to go all the way back  to Disney World.
  It's it's it's me and my wife, Baron.
  It's Mike and Lindsay and a really fun ride.
  Guy was great.
  One of like one of my just personality wise favorite lift drivers ever.
  He told a really funny story about like getting into a coffin and escape room  to try to look cool in front of his wife.
  He is scared.
  And he was trying to not hit the panic button.
  And he's in there for 30 seconds like panic button, panic button.
  He talked about managing a Chili's for like 15 years.
  Yeah.
 But he loved Chili's as well.
  You could because he's like, oh, you're making me nostalgic.
  Oh, yeah.
 And I sort of talk about how I love Chili's excited into the Chili's  alone at full outside of Full Sail University the night before.
  After the NXT show, you're bonding over your love of Chili's.
  It's a really fun ride.
  He even says like this one is one of the fun rides I've had.
  You guys are great.
  And then then we get off the freeway and get into the Disney World area.
  It was going to be, I think, us first at pop century and you guys at All-Star.
  And then we hit a road closure.
  No big deal.
 That should reroute you.
  That should be.
 It's because it's like 1230 at night at this point in time.
  When Disneyland is we care, Disney World, as we keep saying,  things generally shut down like 10, 11 buses stop running.
  So they're like, this is a fine time to do some road work.
  It becomes clear after a few passes of, OK, let's reroute.
  Wait, where are we now? Let's reroute again.
  We're back here again.
 Wait.
  And now the app is saying make a U-turn in two miles.
  Like we just keep going back and forth and we are nowhere near anywhere we need to be.
  This is clearly the crucial artery of the entire property.
  This is like Osceola Road.
  It's like at least that's my view of it,  because this shutting down caused the entire thing to go to shit.
  We could not.
  The driver could not figure out how the hell to get any of us to our hotels.
  We ended up in the Hollywood studio, the empty Hollywood studios parking lot.
  We got routed through the well, we got routed through the main parking garage  where there were no attendants and almost no one around.
  And just one other confused, weird car kind of like tooling through the lot.
  Totally empty.
  We looked to one side, as you said earlier, the skyliner totally dark  as if it had been abandoned post-apocalypse.
  The one of the only lights around were the side of the lights on the Hollywood  Tower of Terror.
 Yes.
 Very creepy.
  And we're like, Lyft wants or the whatever Waze wants us to go here.
  This doesn't make sense.
  We loop around, just go back the way we came.
  We get on some other thing.
 It says detour.
 We get off the road.
  Now we're in the other side.
  After 10 minutes, we're in the other side.
  We go through an employee entrance of the Disney studios.
  We're just right next to the wall where Rise of the Resistance is.
  Yes.
 If we and no one's around, if we'd hopped the wall,  maybe we could have been partying with 100 stormtroopers.
  Yes.
 Like, again, why is the program telling us this?  You can see there's a few stray cars being led on the exact same wrong path.
  Yes.
 And they're confused.
  And you feel it.
  You feel cars really hesitant, like the body language of every car you see is  like, what?  And the driver is starting to we're we're just all starting to snap and talk about,  well, our new life is here.
  We live together in this car now.
  And it's clear that whatever is routing the driver is not doing us any good.
  So I think you pull out your phone to help.
  We again don't do the right thing.
  Maybe I can help.
  Maybe Lindsay can help.
 We end up all with there are four phones,  all with different apps showing different ways to get around the property.
  Because it doesn't know that things are shut down.
  Not everything has the same information.
  So I also I got to say, like because I have I in my head, I could kind of picture this.
  So here's Hollywood Studios and here's pop century over here.
  They're close ish, but they're not close.
  No.
 And I find it very I don't know where the hell  I am on the property.
 Yeah, it's.
  And I'm a theme park podcaster.
  Yeah.
 And you have to think if people are getting in late  or coming back late from restaurants or bars.
  Pop Century, I asked at the front desk over 2000 rooms in that complex.
  If you factor in all of the all stars have over a thousand, some of them over 2000.
  That is tons of people to to do this level of insane road closure.
  Yes.
 And in and all the hotels, by the way,  we kept having issues when we were first booking very full this time of year.
  People coming in for Halloween parties.
  Populated places on earth.
  How can this be happening?  How can this be our only option?  Four phones are out.
  Sometimes the driver makes a move and we go, that's not on mine.
  Let's try it anyway.
  And then it still doesn't work.
  There is no solve to this.
  We are in a giant escape room.
  As the driver told us his nightmare.
  It's like we're trapped in the coffin.
  He was avoiding in his story from earlier.
  He had he had said this had happened to him once or twice before.
  Yeah.
 And then we thought I was kept thinking, oh, that's crazy.
  Obviously, it's not going to happen to us again.
  And then it did.
  And then I had the thought that, OK, maybe if we switch where we're going,  maybe if we go all star music, you guys are first.
  And I don't know if I'm also like subconsciously, my brain was like,  let's try to get you out of here first.
  Like, I don't know.
  But I think logically, it made sense to break us out of whatever bad.
  We're all this is a war room now.
  And all of us, you say that.
  And then we're all like, yes, break us out of the pattern.
  Yes, the driver is like, oh, yes, we're in a pattern.
  Break us out of the pattern.
  That's a two to three mile difference.
  Again, not a huge amount of difference.
  But we're like the room in Apollo 13 that's trying to figure out  how to put the square peg in the rest.
  There's to fit in there.
  So, OK, I was thinking, OK, maybe that gets us out of the loop.
  Then it'll it'll give you a different straight shot to pop century.
  So we do that.
  And I'm navigating on my phone and I'm basically just telling the driver  what to do.
 So I'm saying, no, don't go because he goes,  if you want to go right here, I go, no, no, no, not right here.
  No, no, no, dear.
  It's a stay here in the straight.
  And then you're going to go right after this next.
  OK, all right, we got it.
  So we got there.
  We get to all star.
  Yes.
 Music eventually.
  It takes a little while, but we make it in.
  And let me say using the policy, where if you're taking  a lift around one of somebody just passes up their magic band.
  They can.
 Oh, you're staying here.
 Great.
  Let us in.
 Yes.
 For later.
  So they were taken up to the lobby.
  There is no issue.
 Right.
  Everything is fine.
 We'll tell you how it goes.
  We said, OK, hopefully everything's going to go fine.
  We went in.
 We went to bed.
  This was the now by this point of longish commute  and then a lot of funny business on Disney World.
  This has gotten us up to the 40 minute mark,  which should have been about a 25 minute commute.
 Yes.
  Aaron and I, an extra 20, 20 more minutes added onto this.
  We leave where you guys are.
  We end up in the same exact place.
  We keep going.
 You turn in two miles.
  What the fuck are you talking about?  We're by something called Gaylord Palms.
  We're so far off property.
  We are screaming now.
  And then he's telling us like, I've done this with like  this happened to me once with children in the car where a mother is going,  please, you have to get us to the hotel.
  They're crying.
  And he's like, I don't know.
  I don't know how to help you.
  And we're turning into those crying children.
  We have been in this car for so fucking long.
  The driver incredibly stopped the meter where you guys were.
  All right.
 Said this is so ridiculous.
  I can't charge you for this.
  Very nice.
 Great driver.
  One of the best I've never looked like to driver so much.
  And he does keep saying, guys, I've I've made a turn on this.
  I'm loving this.
 I'm having fun now.
  I want to get you guys home.
  But like, oh, my God.
  So so more U-turns, more back and forth.
  And then we hit a breaking point.
  We see a Disney security vehicle on the side of the road.
  The guy starts flashing his lights really aggressively to get his attention.
  We pull over.
  The windows roll down.
  The air and I and the driver all are like, where is the.
  Just screaming at this guy.
  And he's just like, OK, hang on one at a time.
  One at a time.
 What's going on?  The road closures have prevented us that we don't know.
  We don't know where we are.
  We don't know how do we drive forever.
  Here, follow me.
  So now we are driving now.
  It's one in the morning.
  We are driving through the Disney World property with a security escort.
  Which you have to admit in hindsight now is something that everybody doesn't get  to do.
 Yeah, it was neat.
  We're trailing a car.
  It's pretty cool.
  And he proceeds to go away.
  That is none of the directions we had gone any of those prior attempts.
  We never saw one part of the road that this guy took us.
  So clearly you have to be in a Disney World employee expert  to know how the hell to navigate that property around this time.
  So minutes are passing.
  It's still it's the longest, most circuitous route.
  As I said, all told, 20 extra minutes just for Aaron and I.
  Then we get to security at Pop Century.
  They stop us.
 OK, ID.
  Oh, yes, of course, we hand up our magic.
  No, no, no, ID.
  Oh, OK, that hasn't happened before in 10 trips to this hotel.
  Why hand up my ID?  Secure is the hotel security guy.
  No, no, no.
 You.
  Really aggressively at the driver.
  And he's like, what are you talking about?  Me? You mean my ID?  Yeah, I come in and out of these hotels all day, every day.
  This is never having me.
 New policy, new policy for you.
  This, my friends, is racial profile.
  Yeah, this is some fucking profiling shit at one in the morning in the heat.
  After a great hour in the car.
  Now we are experiencing profiling.
  The driver takes it in stride.
  He's he does it because it's just like,  what are you going to find that is a problem?  What is the end?  And right before we before the gate opens, he he drives.
  He's like, I'm reporting you to your boss.
  I'm reporting you to Mickey.
  That's great.
 Love that.
 Great.
  We finally get to the front door.
  And at this point, we give the guy we just hand him cash.
  This is for you.
 Thank you for everything.
  And we got to get a picture.
  I've never taken a picture with the driver before.
  And he's like, oh, of course, man, you guys are the best.
  Big smiles.
 Great photo.
  In a in a theme park vacation where every employee is friendly  and trying to do go above and beyond.
  This driver was the number one,  the best navigated us through a situation where we needed a security  escort.
 Insane, insane.
  This was so fucking boggers.
  Yeah, that was I mean, up until we didn't we didn't have the last 20 minutes,  but up and it was the most memorable.
  Yeah, already.
 Interaction.
  It was already when we're laughing.
  We are.
 It is a fun ride, I will say.
  It was fun.
  I kind of feeling we would drop you guys off and like, there's no way we're just  back at the hotel.
 This is going to keep going.
  Yeah, I probably yeah, I guess it was sort of a dream  that it would like fix itself just by going out of the way.
  But yeah, the whole thing, of course, takes a dark racist turn toward the end,  which I obviously do not care for.
  Yeah, man.
 Yeah.
  At the end of all that, that should happen.
  New policy for you is really aggressive.
  Yeah.
 So thumbs up to this driver for taking it all in stride, for being it.
  So maybe my best ride of the trip, this lift ride.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
  I mean, it was very fun because sometimes the driver even more fun.
  Who drives your vehicle and rises resistance?  Who's that little guy? I don't know.
  I forget what the name of that droid is.
  Nimnub or something.
  Isn't that? Oh, no, no, no, no.
  No, no.
 Pilots, the first part.
  Spoiler alert.
 Sorry.
  Rise of the resistance.
  Well, this driver is better than nine.
  No, that's fair.
 You can imagine.
  I yeah, we honestly, I mean, you have a lot of I like.
  For some reason, there's something fun about the Lyft drivers in Orlando  that they're I don't know.
  They're like a lot of like ex employees.
  Yeah, there's always you get like a real fun character,  like a fun character driving you around.
  It was a blast.
 And he was the best.
  Yeah.
 Imagine how bad that could have been with a driver.
  You like didn't get along or they were just being silent with initially.
  I had the night before because I came back from full sail to the parks.
  There was a lady who was just like, I was like, oh, she's like, how are you?  Not going.
 I go, it's fine.
  I go, how's yours? And she goes,  it's going.
 And I was like, oh, no.
  Here you go.
 And then we put we didn't talk.
  And then I felt bad about not talking.
  And then I like, yeah.
  So it was the much.
  Can be grim.
 Imagine navigating that insane scenario.
  With it with a grim driver.
 Yeah.
  This guy wasn't that I buy a great bartenders, too.
  Although the bartender at the bar outside of Ohana was great  at Cabana Bay, there's a lobby bar.
  And Friday after I left, you go, when I went back after I left the Magic Kingdom,  like the guy was I sat down and I would urge a beer.
  And he's like, hey, it's a minute past, but I'll give you happy hour prices.
  And I'm like, holy shit.
 Happy hour to theme park.
  Like, you know, like a theme park property.
  You never see that coffee the morning of the live show.
  We get just a free thing.
  That's great.
 Incredible.
  We went to Abracadabra.
  I'm just trying to get some of the really cool  some of the last islands to I just popped into the Aventura Hotel.
  It's new in the last year.
 So that's really cool.
  The theme of that hotel is cool.
  Hotel like I had a great burger in the lobby  food court and the rooftop bar was really neat.
  We all the stuff we're glossing over, we did Hagrid's.
  It was incredible.
  Hagrid's is worse.
  That's I think Scott kept saying like there's six months worth of content.
  And I know we're loaded up.
  Yeah, we can leave Anaheim in the dust.
  Finally, yeah, some complaints I have.
  No shirts that say the contemporary on them.
  This is insane.
  This is every time we go, we go to that gift shop and I ask a poor employee,  I go, where are the shirts that say contemporary?  We don't really have them.
  Well, there's like one Polynesian one.
  And he's like, yeah, I don't know.
  They just don't have them.
  We want classic logo, contemporary.
  Yeah.
 Building shirt.
  Come on.
 Yeah.
  Let's have let's do it.
  Got to give the Universal Hotels credit.
  Every hotel gift shop has hotel merchandise.
  Of course.
 And probably one of the canniest theme park  moves I've ever seen.
  Every gift shop has a corner  that looks like a tiny Harry Potter gift shop.
  Yeah.
 So you are not getting out if you like Harry Potter  and you forgot something at the park.
  Don't worry.
 You can get it the five other places now.
  Yeah.
 I didn't die.
  Gunner Gringotts all amazing gringots.
  I really loved it.
  I was very surprised to have done that.
  And that's all.
 Sure.
  Oh, Epcot Preview Center.
  That's what I was going to say.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Good.
  I was going to say Fast and Furious Supercharge.
  Well, we got it.
  That'll be a full life episode.
  Just to say, yes, if you want to,  if you want a bump in song in your queue in 2019,  what do you guys think?  I would say gasoline.
  We talked about before.
  So you think gasoline that would be perfect, Scott, you guess?  I forget the other thing that's like that.
  I don't it's not on the tip of my tongue.
  How about turned down for what?  Whoa, really? Yeah.
  He's all right.
 I'm all right.
  We're on that in the future.
  Yeah, that'll be a good one.
  Well, I preview center.
  We can.
 We certainly don't have time to talk about  Race Through New York with Jimmy Fallon.
  Oh, my gosh.
 It's coming.
  It's coming on the Patreon someday.
  Not anytime soon, but still follow the Patreon.
  Yeah, because we'll get to it.
  That's where that's where Jimmy Fallon will live.
  All of the teases are coming.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 So that's for sure.
  We're doing our own preview center here a little bit.
  That Epcot Preview Center, if you're in Disney World, don't miss it.
  So cool.
  The gist of it being there's just like a it's a white,  unadorned model of future worlds,  and they project a ton of stuff all over it that showcases the things that are coming,  whether it be the Mary Poppins ride eventually or the Ratatouille ride.
  Or this is one part where this boring guy starts giving this presentation about  we are setting up shop and we will be emissaries here in future.
  And then it starts glitching out and then it gets unplugged all together.
  And you hear a familiar voice say, boring.
  And it's frigging rocket.
  He unplugged the whole thing and he turns it into a P Funk spectacular.
  Now it's not boring at all.
  Thanks for saving us from that boring guy.
  Looking forward to a cosmic rewind with you, buddy.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That was all really cool.
  I'll say this, if you go to that preview center, if you like any of that merchandise,  it is only at the preview center.
  So buy it there, because I ran through the rain to go back for something  because I could not find it anywhere else.
  So, yeah.
 And also there's it's a rap.
  It's like, did you say 360 like, oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 So yeah, that thing lives in my beloved Odyssey.
  This mostly unused, amazing piece of Epcot architecture.
 Yeah.
 So great.
  So it was sharp paint job.
  I like I think the I think the design of Epcot's head and in a good place.
  It's this like retro, but future, but current.
  I think it's I think it's going to be great.
  I agree.
 I think I think, yeah, that's good.
  We're going to have to get to phase two before they like fix imagination,  which whatever they do, we want figment to stay.
  But like I think, yeah, like in eight years,  the whole thing's going to look real nice.
 Yeah.
  And then like a lot of it will look nice and like three.
  Yeah.
 Surprising lack of figment in that preview center, though.
  Yeah.
 With it.
 Yeah.
  I don't know.
 They are not sure.
  People have probably seen online.
  There's a lot of like surveys you get if you've been to the parks.
  And it'll it's just questions about figment.
  It's like, do you know who this is?  Do you like this character?  Did you come to Epcot to see this character?  Questions that are just trying to figure out data wise, like doing  what will happen if we take him out?  If this character showed you what a skunk smells like, would you like that or not?  Yeah.
 Does a toilet on the ceiling equal imagination to you?  Which, of course, Tony Baxter famously said it does not know famously famously.
  So, oh, you know, one more other thing.
  If we're shutting out specific people or characters or mice, we took a  I love the photo we all got with Mickey  a writer right after the International Gateway.
  Remember how awesome that Mickey was?  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Asked Mickey.
 Yes.
  Who? Aaron reminded me what the business was before we walked up.
  Somebody was wearing a shirt with Minnie and he chose.
  Mickey chose to get mad and jealous and he like stomped and huffed and puffed.
  Like, how dare you have my girlfriend on your shirt?  And then he like and then he kind of stared at us in a way that was like,  I don't know if I'm ready.
 And we said, do you need a second?  And then he did like a like little zen move.
  Yeah.
 Calm down.
  Find your center.
  And then somebody had a coffee and Mickey grabbed the coffee  and acted all coffee jittery and hoarded it and then like just darted his head around.
  This was some fantastic, like new character business.
  Like I'd never seen.
 Yeah.
  Such a good Mickey.
  One of the best characters.
  Oh, and we were talking about the in-room channels.
  One of them was just the Mickey Mouse shorts.
 Yes.
  And they were so funny.
 We like that.
  I mean, I guess I knew that already, but I never like really got to sit  and watch them so great.
  I love that they play those in a loop all the time.
  Maybe they're letting Mickey be funny and crazy,  because that's what you get out of their shorts.
  Yeah.
 He's like crazy and weird and dirty.
  And yeah, he's going to be crazy on Runaway Railway.
  Yeah.
 So which is fun.
  We saw really not as good as Mickey, but I want to say also with the Mickey thing,  just so much time like there.
  Yeah.
 You got a lot of you got a lot of time with Mickey, a lot of memorable time,  which usually sometimes they rush in and out.
  We also met Launchpad McQuack, which we were very excited about.
  We saw Scrooge.
 We should have done Scrooge, too.
  But Launchpad had a very small line.
  And that was really fun because they're doing a whole like Donald Duck  Festival over by Dinoland USA, because I think that not many people go to Dinoland.
  So it's some sort of Duck Festival.
  So if you were looking for seats, if you were looking for duck seats  everywhere in that place, because you could have a photo up with Scrooge,  Launchpad, Daisy, Donald.
  I think that was it.
 But that was fun.
  Good characters, good food, good time.
  I mean, like we did.
  Yeah, there's so much stuff we are forgetting, but we'll come up.
  Trickle into other episodes.
  You know, it's a funny one to close on and a very  crucial one because we met so many characters that we love.
  But I think there's a character that's very near and dear to our hearts now  that didn't used to be.
  And that character is Lil Abner.
  And we didn't realize, yes, Lil Abner, who are we all listeners?  You all love Dogpatch USA.
  Sure.
 Closed, dangerous Arkansas Park as much as we do there.
  I didn't realize in that comic in Toon Lagoon, in that comic zone,  when we found it, Jason and Aaron and I found a little there is a little  at Lil Abner corner.
 Yeah.
  It called the Skunk Works.
  Yeah, there's skunks in a that was something I hadn't seen in ages.
  All the little features of Toon Lagoon, all the little characters make sounds,  all the like Heathcliff was lowering a bone in front of a doghouse.
  Like all of that was running.
  This is a boring guy who talks to you about nature really quietly.
  Mark Traill was telling you about the glory of nature.
  And while Jeffy from the family circus makes a mess,  it refers to Mark Traill.
  Yes, it is a crossover crossover.
  Flintstones, Flintstones, Meet the Jetsons, Jeffy meets Mark Traill  only at Islands of Adventure.
  Only at Islands of Adventure.
  And we and let's we should make sure after this episode, we post all the  there's a lot of great photo ops with Jason all over Toon Lagoon.
  Yes, a lot of Nancy.
  There was multiple Nancy and Sluggo.
  And Sluggo.
 Well, Jason is Sluggo.
  Yes, Jason is Jeffy.
 Jason is Sluggo.
  Jason is every character over there.
  He's Dadwood.
  He's what I imagined Lil Abner looked like before I realized  it was this scary satire that's mean to hillbillies.
  I assumed he was like funnel dude.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But you were I mean, obviously you were created for the Harvey  Comics character line.
  You were created in the same vein as Casper and Hot Stuff the Little Devil.
  And then when I caused too much mischief,  I get shipped off to the army like Beetle Bailey.
  You are a lot like Beetle Bailey as well.
  Yeah.
 All of them.
  Well, you met everyone that you're like, and we'll post that to the Twitter.
  And I guess on that note, let me plug the other stuff and I'll say you survive  podcast the ride and we survived a week in Orlando.
  It was a pleasure to go with y'all.
  What a fun unit.
  Thanks to SAC for inspiring our trip.
 Yeah.
  And maybe we'll be back.
  We'll be back.
 God willing, we'll be back sooner rather than later.
  Yeah.
 So for pictures of Jason with all of his character doppelgangers,  follow us on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.
  And for three bonus episodes every month, which will no longer be about things  that used to be at downtown Disney.
  We're going to broaden it out again.
  Yeah.
 Subscribe to podcast the ride, the second gate at Patreon.
com  slash podcast the ride.
  Fun stuff coming this month.
  And yeah.
 How about a shirt that says slug one back with sluggo?  We'll workshop it for the drinking around the drinking.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 All right.
 Yeah.
  And no, and shirts coming to let's see.
  Yeah.
 We'll make drinking around to Laguna thing like it is around Epcot.
  Sure.
 Crank that shit out.
  So buy it, please.
  Thanks.
 Bye bye bye bye.
  Forever.
  This has been a forever dog production,  executive produced by Brett Boehm, Joe Cilio and Alex Ramsey  and mastered by Anna Rubinova.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcast.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest foreverdog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at foreverdogteam and liking our page on Facebook.
