 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Hi, welcome to Podcast the Ride, the Second Gate.
  I'm Jason Sheridan and I'm here today  where we're recording second unit,  podcast footage for Podcast the Ride.
  Here with Scott Gardner.
  Hey, what's going on everybody?  Yeah, pleased to be here standing in  for the great Harrison Ford.
  And Mike Carlson.
  Hey, yeah, I'm here too.
  Standing in for Karen Allen.
  Standing in for great Karen Allen.
  We're talking about the-  My pronunciation is bad today.
  The Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular.
  Yeah.
  A historical stunt show.
  Well, long running,  one of the largest running shows in America.
  30 years running.
  Like Cats or Phantom of the Opera.
  Yeah.
  Or The Simpsons.
  Or The Simpsons, yes.
  It's much like The Simpsons.
  It's been on since 19, been going since 1989  and there's been no significant change or drop in quality.
  That's right.
  Yeah, exactly the same.
  Stunned silence.
  Stunned silence.
  Okay, so I saw this when we were in Orlando recently.
  I was the only one who went and watched this show.
  Yeah, we did.
  Yeah, we bailed on it.
  I saw it a few years ago.
  You saw it a few years ago.
  I gotta say, you say that jokingly about The Simpsons,  I thought the show was running great.
  Yeah, you can attest.
  Yeah, I've only seen videos.
  Yeah, all of those stunts still look good.
  The audience still fired up for it.
  The audience still into it.
  A large audience.
  This amphitheater holds over 2,000 people.
  This is a people leader.
  Geez.
  And this, yeah, as we have said,  this has been running since 1989.
  It opened three months after then  Disney MGM Studios opened.
  Or was it an opening day?  It wasn't an opening day.
  It opened a little after.
  And Lord knows they needed attractions at the time  because there was really just a great movie ride  and a two hour studio tour experience.
  Their tram thing with Catastrophe Canyon.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, that's when it opened,  you would pass by the New York backlot sets  but not walk around in it.
  So they had to do a lot of quick plugs to fill capacity.
  Or to make it seem like there was more stuff there,  like that Honey Has Shrunk the Kids Playland.
  Yeah.
  This wasn't a last minute ad, but it just opened late.
  It opened late.
  And it is like, I mean, I,  reading more about it and watching it,  it is kind of incredible that they replicate  the big sequences from this movie,  the big stunts from the movie in a linear,  like it makes sense.
  Like when they were filming these stunts in a movie,  they were probably shooting them  in all crazy kinds of orders.
  And you have to have so much safety.
  And all of this runs now for 30 years,  multiple times a day.
  Partially run by,  I said historical, this was the first stunt show  to use what's called a programmable logic controller.
  So to be run by computers.
  And logic controllers are originally used  for like manufacturing,  where you need to be able to repeat the same processes  again and again and again with like fire going  or harsh conditions.
  So like the computers are what's called like rugged  or ruggedized.
  Ruggedized.
  Ruggedized is a logistical term  for a computer specifically designed to operate reliably  in harsh usage environments and conditions.
  And in 30 years, the computer hasn't gotten smart  and gone rogue and guided people off the ladder  to their death.
  No, no.
  Not even one, not even one time did it go rogue.
  No, there has been one death associated with this show.
  Oh no.
  But it was.
 Not the computers.
  Not ruggedized.
  It was a simple, it was a like normal like tuck and roll.
  It's like when the one of the bad guys  like jumps over another guy,  he just didn't land the tuck and roll.
  Oh.
 Right.
  And passed away.
  The same summer as the monorail death.
  And another actor passed away that summer too,  like hit his head on the wall  at the Jack Sparrow pirate training show.
  Jesus.
  I didn't even know about that show.
  It was like a cursed summer.
  Yeah, 2009 was a rough summer.
  Yeah, cause this is a.
  It was also the rise of that Barack Hussein Obama.
  Oh yeah.
  Scott, not here.
  Not now.
  Not even on the second gate.
  I can say what I want.
  Don't limit my first speech.
  Then you're on the third gate that we secretly do  that only real listeners know about.
  Sure.
  That's where you can.
  We only promote it, QAnon.
com slash podcast.
  Where do you, what's the source of QAnon?  Jason would know.
  Is it a website or is it a.
  Well, it's called the truth, Scott.
  It comes from Lady Liberty herself.
  That is QAnon.
  In association.
  Where do you find it?  Is it a Reddit or is it its own?  Is there a website that is QAnon.
com?  I don't know the answer to that.
  It's, they are Legion.
  I know that.
  I know JFK Jr.
 is still alive  and a lot of the source of information.
  Oh, he's giving the sources down the QAnon?  Well, you know, do your research.
  It's all out there.
  So the way I can't go to a website,  I have to meet JFK Jr.
  They're starting, I'm sure they're starting spots,  but real heads got to dig, you know.
  I can't just sign up like a mailing list on a.
  Well.
  We'll explore it on the third gate,  the secret Patreon we do on the dark web  that only real listeners know about.
  And then where we say what we really.
  That's right.
  It's an all right podcast.
  Yeah.
  We storm area 51 like Indiana Jones.
  Yeah.
  Kingdom of the crystal skull.
  Mm-hmm.
  We have.
  Which we've learned on the third gate,  we realized that it's all of it's real.
  That's what's, people didn't like the movie  cause they didn't realize it was depictions of real events.
  Yeah.
  Mm-hmm.
  But it's real, yeah.
  People saw that refrigerator flying through the air.
  And we did learn the lesson.
  There's photographs in the background.
  We learned the lesson of the movie  that knowledge was their treasure.
  That's what the big revelation is at the end.
  That's the lesson of most movies.
  Mm-hmm.
  Knowledge, knowledge was their treasure.
  Yeah.
  Knowledge, knowledge was their treasure.
  Yeah.
  Barely, barely awake in the whole fourth movie.
  Great.
  If you've ever also seen the,  I think it's the red letter media of crystal skull.
  I'm sure we talked about this in the other episode  where there's a take where he as either go,  oh, you're a teacher asks Shia LaBeouf.
  And he goes part-time.
  And he says it in a way as if it's like a question.
  And in the trailer, he goes part-time.
  He does it.
 Part-time.
  Like normal.
  A lot of gusto.
  It's great.
 Normally.
  And then in the film, part-time.
  Part-time.
 Part-time.
  Part-time.
 Part-time.
  It's such a bad take.
  No one knows why it's in there.
  It's one of my favorite things to just watch  over and over again is that take of him just going part-time.
  Like it's very strange.
  Anyway.
 Yeah.
  They should have hired one of these stunt actors  to play Indiana Jones in the actual film.
  Yeah.
 I mean.
  It probably would have been more enthusiastic.
  With the James Dean technology now,  you can have probably a much more energetic actor  and then just paste Harrison Ford's head on it.
  James Dean.
  Well, okay.
 So James Dean will play Indiana Jones.
  Yes.
  And then you'll put Harrison Ford  over the James Dean CGI face.
  Or will James Dean be Mutt Williams?  I was gonna say James Dean would be better as Mutt Williams.
  That might have been where CGI James Dean was developed  to begin with was as the, like they only hired Shia  because they had to.
  Right.
  Because the technology wasn't ready yet.
  So maybe there'll be a re-release of Crystal Skull  with James Dean instead of Shia.
  Just placed over his face, placed over Shia's.
  Not to jump too far ahead of ourselves,  but there is a rumor that in 2020, this show will go down.
  The Epic Stunt Spectacular will go down  and be changed a little.
  Cause it really hasn't changed much in 30 years.
  Right.
  There's a little thing that's changed in it  and it will go down and then come back  a little different in 2021, which would align it  with Disney's 50th anniversary celebration  and the current planned release of Indie 5.
  Which is when?  2021, summer 2021.
  They've been pushing that thing back.
  Have they done anything?  There's been many different versions.
  I think there's been like five different big drafts  by big writers.
  One by one of the, the Kasdan boy who wrote Solo.
  The Kasdan boy.
  The Kasdan boy.
  I believe I called him once.
  Don LaScreete, the Kasdan boy.
  Like this is us guy was writing one.
  Oh, Danny Collins.
  He wrote my, of course we all know Al Pacino's Danny Collins.
  Oh yes.
  Yeah, hotcha.
  So this.
  Kieva Goldsman probably wrote one.
  Maybe.
  I think everyone's taking a swing.
  I think everyone's taking a.
  I don't know if that, I feel like they were like,  every time anyone asks, like Frank Marshall's like,  oh, look, it's, yeah, we're doing good.
  Like he just gives sort of an answer.
  So who knows?  Who knows if it will make it?  Harrison Ford is 78 years old, I believe.
  I was trying to, you know what?  I'm remembering now, I was trying to think of,  cause I was listening off to some friends,  the weird action figures you've given me  for birthdays over the years.
  Yes.
  And one of them was Mutt Williams.
  Yes, I've given you a Mutt Williams toy.
  Todd McFarlane, the comic book artist.
  Yeah, of him.
  It's a toy of him made by his toy company.
  It was a, you know, like mail in for it.
  Mail in, yeah, it was a limited run.
  Specifically the character he plays  in the Spawn movie, the bum.
  So it's Todd the bum.
  No, isn't Todd the artist?  But okay, wait, but is he dressed as a bum?  He might, he's dressed in like 90s, like street wear.
  Like 90s.
  I think he's the bum,  but maybe he's called Todd the artist on the toy.
  And the third is this character Zeb Coulter,  who was an unhinged old man manager character from WWE,  who would come out waving a don't tread on me flag.
  But he had like a vest and a big beard.
  He had a vest and a big beard.
  Yeah.
  And his real name is Dutch Mantel.
  Dutch Mantel, yeah.
  Is that right?  He is like a wrestling booker and stuff,  but he's a squirrely old man.
  Oh yeah, he's a crazy guy.
  On stage and in real life.
  Who's winning in a fight between those three action figures?  Probably Mutt, cause he's got a giant sword.
  He's younger too.
  But Dirty Dutch, they used to call him Dirty Dutch.
  That's not a thing I made up.
  He is a, he's got some skills too.
  He's just an older fella at this point,  but he could probably still go.
  Yeah.
  That's probably right.
  Although Todd, who knows?  Todd's probably jacked.
  Todd McFarland's probably jacked, who knows?  He's in good shape.
  Can he croon like the other McFarland?  Can anyone croon like the other McFarland?  I know the answer to that.
  Yeah, the answer's fuck no.
  Don't even ask that question.
  So Indiana Jones Epic stunt spectacular.
  Would you guys see this a lot when you go down to floor?  This was like a must do for my family.
  Yes.
  Like everyone agreed on this.
  I battled with it very much.
  Yeah, I liked it.
  I wasn't crazy into it.
  I think honestly, cause the shows  would stress me out a little bit.
  But it wasn't like, I saw it and I liked it,  but every stunt spectacular, I kind of thought was real.
  I kind of thought that we were all in  like a little bit of danger.
  I'm not going to lie though, when I saw it a few weeks ago,  I was like, are they gonna get out of that airplane in time?  Even though I know like everything is going  exactly how it is supposed to.
  And it has to do that six to eight times a day.
  Right, yeah.
  You hadn't learned about ruggedized yet.
  I hadn't learned about ruggedized.
  You didn't know everything was safe.
  I did kind of know and confirmed it that with the logic,  the logic computer, some of the big sequences,  the actors are queuing themselves.
  Like after Indy comes down through the ceiling  at the beginning and he goes through the,  I believe it's called the pungy minefield,  the spikes that come out of the ground.
  There's pressure points that next to each spike  and there's a path.
  They step on, right?  And they step on.
  That makes it come out.
  So.
  Interesting.
  Which is interesting to think about like a guy,  a stunt man has to hit that exactly right  and then pretend to be startled, has to react to it  and do it in the right sequence for it to make sense  in the Florida heat with a leather jacket on.
  I didn't even wanna sit and watch that in the floor  in the heat, let alone do it.
  And then there's like, he has to swing  through the booby trap arms that come down,  climb up to get the fertility idol  and then the giant boulder comes out,  which does weigh 500 pounds.
  Wow.
  Yeah, that's why, like that is what we,  yeah, that's why as a kid,  it wasn't like my most favorite thing  is cause all of that, what you just described,  that sequence really had me worried.
  But I loved those movies as a kid.
  Like I loved Raiders.
  I'll pose this also.
  Was there any event in your childhood  that didn't make you very worried?  That's an excellent question.
  Oh, it's a good question.
  I mean, maybe sitting and watching.
  No, TV would stress me out, I guess too, a little bit.
  But if it was like the Ninja Turtles,  I knew they were gonna take care of business.
  So I think I was confident in their abilities,  but they might've been the only team I was comfortable,  like I knew they would do it,  but I wasn't so sure.
  You were just meeting a group of characters  for the first time.
 Yeah, I like,  the Cowboys of Mumaesa,  I didn't know if they could pull it off every time.
  Like that was another cartoon that I liked.
  And you were worried about  that the cartoon characters would perish?  A little bit.
  I mean, there have been comics I read.
  I've probably talked about this on the show before.
  There was a comic, a Ninja Turtle comic,  where all of a sudden they killed off  nine of the characters,  and it had not been a comic where that happened.
  And nothing was ever gonna be the same in my brain,  as far as like fiction is concerned,  where I didn't even know they could do that.
  Like I didn't know I could see these cartoon characters  have something bad happen to them.
  So I do feel like that changed me.
  I think I knew on TV- Did you like mourn it?  Did you like-  I don't, did I like sit and- Dress in black that day?  I don't think I knew how to do it.
  I don't think I knew how to mourn properly.
  We were in the generation that saw the death of Superman.
  That's true.
  I didn't read this death of Superman though.
  In the 90s.
 It affected me.
  Were you too afraid to read it?  I, it's a good question.
  I don't think I was actually reading  superhero comics at that point.
  What's that, 91?  91, yeah, around that.
  I think I read X-Men in 92 or 93  and that starts my superhero thing.
  Yeah, kind of the same.
  I was also like not a big DC kid.
  And also I was less DC.
  I loved Batman, but I was a Marvel.
  I started Marvel.
  I was, I was going, I would see it though.
  Cause I'd go in the comic store to buy Ninja Turtles  and Sonic.
 I read Sonic comics.
  And I remember seeing all of it.
  And it very, that image is very disturbing to me too.
  Cause I was six years old and Superman's dead.
  And it's like,  I think I remember that freaking me out.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, I'm scared.
  The most scaring image of your childhood.
  So scar, a death of a drawing.
  The death of a drawing.
  I mean, I think another big thing of like  that ratchets up the tension at the show  is they are blasting the John Williams score.
  Yeah, yeah.
  In conjunction with like,  like when they were doing these stunts,  filming the actual movie,  they weren't blasting the John Williams score.
  No, this is a sort of a logistical error  in the idea that you're watching the making of a movie.
  Because yeah, that's as implied by your intro, Jason,  if you haven't seen this show,  it's not like Waterworld where you're just in the world  of modern worlds.
  You are, it's the construct,  the thing before that Miami Vice had  where there were filming scenes and it's cut and reset.
  And we're gonna, we're doing a scene and stunt guys  and blah.
  So what was my point with all that?  It's, oh yeah, you're there watching the filming  of second unit Indiana Jones scenes  and they explain how this guy's supposed to be Harrison Ford  and Harrison Ford wouldn't really do the stunts,  but they would not be playing the score of the film.
  Yes, or doing it in the order.
  And part of that framing is to cover  the major set changes.
  There's a giant multi-ton movable temple set  they need to move out of the way  so they can move the streets of Cairo in  and then move that back a little  so they can move a Nazi airfield in.
  It's crazy how in every performance,  I mean, the stunts are obviously what you should be impressed  by happening over and over again every day,  but I'm like, they have to just move these giants,  hit these back and forth constantly over and over again,  maybe like eight, 10 times a day.
  And I, so there's a guy, there's an account on YouTube  I think it's called Wicket Lenzer.
  And it's a guy who was for in 94 and 95 was Indiana Jones  and had a lot of home movies.
  And he, I watched this five part thing  and he explains how a lot of stuff is done.
  For one thing, there's mats everywhere that you cannot see.
  So when people take pratfalls or fall off buildings,  they're landing on a mat.
  The, I thought this was interesting.
  I never knew how they did this.
  When he goes to swap out the fertility idol  that activates the boulder,  there's two sets of lights that he can see in,  the actor playing Indy can see in their like eye lines.
  And when they go off, that means the boulder  has been launched and it launches at 14 miles an hour.
  Whoa.
  And you just have to start running  and there's a trap with a mat.
  You just have to fall flat.
  Right.
  And he said, he, you do, people do mess up sometimes  and the boulder scrapes the skin off his top  of his nose once.
  And then another time he accidentally landed  on the fertility idol and broke his nose.
  Oh my God.
  Oh my God.
  And they had, I guess they have other actors on standby,  just in case something happens.
  There's always another Indy,  or they can like get somebody ready.
  He said they finished the show.
  They were able to get another Indy in to finish the show.
  I guess at that point, that's his disappearance.
  You just, after he couldn't like pop up and say,  I'm fine everyone, cause he's not.
  Right.
  Yes.
  Besides that.
  There is, he said there is at some,  I think it's before the airfield sequence.
  All of the actors get to take a break  and have a glass of water as they move everything  out of the way.
  Oh, okay.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Cause there is not like cast present for all of that.
  Oh, so that's by design to sort of give them a breather.
  Sure.
  Interesting.
  I saw a video of the, like a,  there was a general interesting special  of the making of the MGM, all of the MGM studios.
  And there's a big section devoted to the Indiana Jones show.
  And they, they show like a test in a backstage area  of the Boulder as just like a, it's just the basics.
  Like it's just the big wire path that it's on  and none of the rock work around it.
  It was really crazy to see.
  It's just this huge, big marble on metal pipes essentially.
  But whoever the show designer is talking about how  we knew we wanted to do a Boulder thing,  but how are we going to do it?  And then we overthought and overthought.
  And then just like, I think it's just,  let me just make a Boulder.
  I think it's, I think it's gravity is what we're going to do.
  Because like, you know, hey, like things are crazy  to pull off in theme parks, but gravity works.
  So let's just have a big Boulder  and we unleash it down a ramp and that's how it goes.
  And then it's not, I like that it's not even like,  he has to go through some trap door.
  There's some real hidden, you know, way that he ducks.
  He just, he just drops right under it.
  Lie as flat as you can.
  They said, if you fuck it up, just lie as flat as you can.
  Cause there is a little bit of clearance.
  And you're so in now in this,  you're watching a scene where Indiana Jones is crushed.
  I suppose, unless we find out more information later.
  I mean, they don't really connect the dots  of the plot for you in this and how he ends up then in Cairo.
  But yeah, unlike the film, he goes,  are we watching like some alternate ending  where he is just, his bones are flattened.
  He's just crushed like Indiana Jones.
  What happens in the movie?  Doesn't he duck down?  Doesn't he find a divot?  Doesn't he just fall and then pops back up?  Yeah, it does seem like it's a boulder place.
  I think that is.
  For something I've seen so many times, why can't I remember?  It's not quite like a memory.
  It just feels like he just like ducks out of frame.
  Because there's also, you forget, this is like a cold open.
  And then there's his buddy.
  Remember his buddy was like, throw me the idol,  throw me the idol.
  And then the buddy eats it really quick.
  He betrays Indy.
  Alfred Molina, correct?  Yeah, yeah.
  Oh yeah.
  Wow, a young Alfred Molina.
  And then Indy has to get out of the, does get out,  find his buddy dead, and then gets back into the plane  with Doc and takes off and gets out of there.
  So yeah, they didn't want to portray all that live.
  So they just crushed him.
  Yeah, they just crushed him.
  Indy's dead.
  I'm looking at the clip here.
  Yeah, there's Molina.
  This is the big thing that's rumored,  is that they're gonna take away that framing sequence  of it being the second unit.
  Oh really?  Okay.
  And take that away.
  But that said, that does let them get a few audience members  to play extras in the crowd.
  Yes.
  And it lets them have that audience plant  who the Karen Allen stunt double beats the shit out of.
  And he does a lot of funny pratfalls.
  Yeah, yes.
  That is all, and it tricked me re-watching the show.
  I forgot there was that construct.
  There's a big group of extras and then one guy volunteers  and is particularly too confident  and telling people in the audience,  take a picture of me and not playing it safe.
  And then he eats it and we realize he was a stunt man  the entire time.
  Yes, and that joke still works 30 years in.
  People still loved it 30 years in.
  And I like it too.
  I mean, I think it's really fun.
  I totally forgot, yeah, it lured me in.
  Now, losing that construct of we're filming a movie,  I think is probably the right move  and as all of the studios, parks, Disney,  and Universal move away from we're a real studio.
  It makes sense.
  Just be immersed in the world of it.
  But I think it's probably also a good move  because if I'm buying into that they are filming  like stunt sequences, second unit sequences  meant to be Harrison Ford and Karen Allen,  when are they gonna be done?  It's been 30 years.
  Raiders of the Lost Ark came out eight years prior to that.
  What nightmare are these people trapped in  where nearly 40 years after the fact  they are still filming these scenes  over and over again every day?  When will this ever, what Kubrick nightmare are they in?  It's like the people who were shooting Titanic,  they must've felt like when they were just like  on that production first, it was going over budget,  so many over days, James Cameron was dumping  just the lights into the water to get rid of them.
  That's a famous story, I think, or somebody told me that.
  There's something where he's like,  just like I'll do it, I'll light it.
  He's just grabbing lights and putting them up himself.
  But I feel like they were like, all right,  we're done here, just dump the lights in the water.
  It's like crazy.
  They just left to like, there's rusting in the ocean?  Even though he loves the sea,  he supposedly loves the sea, maybe that's, you know.
  He polluted, he just took a light?  There's some crazy stories,  who knows if they're true or not,  about just the big epic mess that Titanic was.
  So it must've felt like this,  where they're just like every day you're still on this movie  and you can't believe it's still going.
  Some future deep sea diver will unearth the fake Titanic  and all of the lights that were just left behind.
  He'll just do it himself.
  In the submarine.
  But people who worked on it say,  hey, it feels like I haven't worked a day in my life.
  Some people have worked on, there was-  On the Indy Stunt Show.
  On the Indy Stunt Show.
  Oh, okay, I was gonna say.
  Everyone who worked on Titanic, I think, they worked.
  They were working.
  That's where it's funny watching,  his supplemental material for anything,  but especially the world of Pandora comes to life,  an animal kingdom.
  I couldn't believe when they showed it to me.
  It's like I was in the movie and then you imagine him  just like, just fucking do it.
  I don't give a shit if you're sick.
  Fucking get in the water, you fuck.
  Like, knowing what a monster he for sure has been.
  Zero degrees, I don't fucking care.
  He projects an image of so calm and composed  in those special features.
  Yeah, he always seems just so, yeah,  just mellow and with it.
  He must really clamp down on there being any actual video  of the real James Cameron.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Oh, with the cell phone technology now,  he must have the stand-up comedian bags  that you have to put your phone in when you get on set.
  So there's no screaming.
  I mean, maybe he's-  I mean, those bags are important.
  Comedy can be dangerous.
  Mm.
 You know?  You're right.
  Can't let it get out there.
  Dangerous as a stunt show.
  Unfiltered.
  But yes, but these people, the stunt performers  have a lot of fun on this thing.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, it seems like you maybe watch the same,  like there's a good recently done video of, you know,  showing what it's like for these folks.
  Oh, on the Parks blog.
  Yeah, and the guy showing at it like,  well, we don't even fake the punch.
  Like, you have to actually do it.
  So I'll just tighten my stomach  so just actually go for it.
  Yeah.
  So the punches are real in some cases.
  Mm-hmm.
  Now, I thought it was interesting,  and again, they fooled me.
  Like, the ladders and the poles  that people are flying through the air on  have buttons on them.
  Like, that's a machine.
  Like, so it falls the same way every time.
  So it can be repeated every time.
  Oh, so when the ladder falls.
  So when the ladder falls on the top rung,  there's a button that lets the guy,  like when he wants to go back, releases it,  and then comes back forward  because they have to do the wobbly ladder.
  And then, I mean.
  Okay, that's kind of probably the most iconic stunt  of the second act of it, the Cairo sequence,  where he's like fending off, what would you call it?  Some street ruffian, I don't know.
  Yeah, bad guys.
  A bad guy.
  Let's just say bad guys.
  Uh-huh.
  Yes.
  Culturally in 2019, probably just.
  I don't know what they were calling it then.
  They're just trying to kill Indiana Jones.
  They're bad guys.
  They're just bad dudes.
  Bad, these are bad fellas.
  Bad hombres.
 Bad hombres.
  Let me tell you.
  The language is familiar.
  And yeah, but they all, that is like,  I should have seen it when I was in Florida,  but I even watched in a video of it,  like oh man, all this ladder stuff is bonk,  like just constant pushing back and forth  on a big tall ladder.
  Yeah.
  It ends up not good for the bad guy.
  And there's not a lot of harnesses in this one.
  Like Waterworld or Sindbad, when it was running,  you could see people hook in to harness it.
  This, it's just a lot of mats.
  Like there's some like multi-story,  like someone did it in the behind the scenes,  like hopped off the building and landed on a mat  two stories below them.
  Like it's a lot of.
  Also, yeah, these people, I was just gonna like,  even mats, like you get beat up.
  Yeah.
  Like you like, I think a lot of things happen  when you're a kid, you're a kid, you go,  oh my God, this, these people must be really hurt.
  They need a little, the older they go,  well, they're stunt people, they're trained.
  So they know how to do all this stuff.
  And you go, oh, got it.
  It doesn't hurt them at all.
  Then the reality of course is that,  yeah, they get beat up all the time.
  Like, they're just like tough people  that are willing to jump off a high thing.
  Cause even landing on a mat high up,  doesn't feel good unless it's like,  you're going into water.
  But like, if you've ever taken like,  I have in like commercial audition or a shoot or something,  you fall on a mat, it's you'll go,  the wind gets knocked out of you.
  Like it's not like, it's still like miles on the body.
  It's so, I'm just saying like, it's crazy.
  Well, this is why the insanity of like,  and you like, you know, wrestling is fake.
  Yeah.
  It's pretty, that simplifies it.
  And there's still, it's this like incredible ballet  of performance that's being done in there.
  Like fake implies that none of it hurts.
  Right.
  Well, that's very much not true.
  It's hard to fake a jump kick to the chest  or like a chair to the back, you know?  Now of course I'm making that argument,  not with anybody actually,  nobody even says that in 2019.
  I'm making that argument to like a six year old  in elementary school in 1991.
  Sure.
  I think my mom says that too.
  She'll be like, oh, do you know it's not real?  Is she still trying to help you out?  Well, she doesn't, she's still bothered that I like it.
  There's something about it that bothers her.
  I think she probably,  I think a lot of people who say that  are looking at it straight as sporting and less,  and if they look at it more as a theatrical event.
  Right.
  Where there is some planning and coordination and stuff.
  Because there are stories like in a play or a movie  or something going on.
  She just probably doesn't like that.
  Like some of them have like a tattoo.
  Well, certainly she doesn't like that.
  It's a good thing you bring that up.
  Yes, she does not like tattoos.
  So that's probably number one.
  And then I guess it's just, you know, the violence.
  It's just violent.
  It's just so violent.
  So violent.
  Terrible.
  Bad influence.
  Bad influence on me.
  Who knows what I'll get into.
  You might, it's, you don't even realize  how what a violent 60 something you'll be.
  Yeah.
  It's going to take a while, but eventually I'm going to be bad.
  And in my sixties, it's going to be bad.
  This is a violent show.
  Yeah.
  They simulate the there's the part where the guy comes out with the sword  and he just like throws his whip away and shoots him.
  But like there's booby traps.
  There's a lot of like gun blanks, gunfire,  explosions, the plane with the gun, high falls, pratfalls, whip work.
  I was, I think, stressed out by the all of the plane stuff at the end,  because you don't know the degree of safety of that plane.
  And everybody is very near it.
  And that's right.
  If anything, as a kid reeled me in, it was that because I couldn't get my head  around a plane that was extremely dangerous and wouldn't just decimate you  into powder, waltz blades.
  Yeah.
  The propellers, the propellers.
  I think I was just like, oh, the propellers are coming for me.
  Here's something.
  Like it was going to come loose into the audience.
  I don't know what I thought.
  I mean, that's probably part like I was like, oh, I think the guns in my takeoff.
  The plane might take off and hit us in the audience.
  Yeah.
 Take your head off.
  It was so real.
  That's look, that's why I'm doing the podcast is because all this stuff damaged me.
  I learned today that plane is electric.
  It doesn't make noise.
  The sound effects of the plane are pumped in.
  Wow.
 So that they were saying that plane is actually very quiet.
  And one of the two big two changes that I have seen when I saw it,  last time they did not do because what they used to do  is that propeller would come pretty close to the big mechanic  and he would stand over a trap door and a lot of smoke would come out of the propeller  and he would fall through the trap door, as if in the movie, of course, the propeller.
  It's implied that the propeller cuts him to bits.
  So the alternate version of that is that he just gets out in front of the plane  and Marion blows Marion blows him away with the gun on the plane.
  Oh, so there's like the explosions in the ground.
  So a lot of the guns, too, they demonstrate it in one of the behind the scenes things.
  The guns just like shoot out a little fire.
  And then the it's completed by squibs further away or whatever.
  You call that the gun.
  OK, gunfire further away.
  That's I guess a thing, because those well, some of the some of the weapons  in any of these shows are what's making the sounds to some extent.
  But it's all it's all amended revolver is just a gun loaded with blanks.
  I see.
 Right.
 OK.
  Yeah, I'm sure I have said this on the show before, where I'm even to this day,  I still get fooled by plenty of sounds that I think are coming from something,  but they're obviously just being piped in.
  Sure.
 Like it's still such a good illusion.
  Yeah.
 And so many different rides and things.
  Yeah.
 Well, I think to appreciate about this show, for sure.
  I think you know what's fun about this show is how much it is.
  It is so much Raiders of the Lost Ark.
  Like it's called the Indiana Jones of Extent Spectacular in general.
  But if you are specifically a fan of Raiders, I like that it I mean,  there'd be an equally satisfying show that is set pieces from all of the movies.
  But I do kind of like  because I don't even know if I'd call Raiders.
  I just think it's neat that it's like that, like whether or not it's your favorite.
  It's such a great movie.
  And I like that it is narrowed down to you get to see like three major set  pieces from what is an undeniably great movie.
  It's not a greatest hits.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which would probably be an excellent greatest hits show  with a stunt, you know, Indy senior.
  But I think I maybe this is I'm trying to think of this as the right way to  the right metaphor.
  Sometimes when you see a rock and roll show, I'm more interested in sort of seeing  peace or something like the artists, the new stuff versus just the greatest hits.
  Well, it's like you go to see, you know, Steely Dan's play in Asia tonight.
  That's what a general Steely Dan concert.
  Exactly.
 Yes.
 Or yeah.
  Or the different interesting greatest hits would be great, too.
  Yes.
 Different formats.
  But all of one piece sometimes is a satisfying experience.
  And I also like because the Indiana Jones  rides, I guess sort of you could say multiple.
  It's a slightly different plots between Disneyland and Tokyo Disneyland,  Disney, but like the that's sort of like this new Indiana Jones adventure,  which is great.
 And it synthesizes elements of the original.
  But I don't know.
  Cool to just like and they didn't like do a lot of invention.
  It's it's Raiders and Raiders if he had been crushed by the fault.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Also, that guy had been gunned down instead of chopped up.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  I have a feeling they probably don't do the trap.
  The trap door seemed like the most logistically difficult  because I don't know what those propellers are made of.
  I know the spikes that come out of the ground are not solid wood.
  I think they're like painted plastic or foam or something.
  But I mean, they still hurt coming out of the ground that.
  Sure.
 It's still there's still footage of the one guy shows footage of like,  well, here's one time I fucked up the last pressure pad  and tripped on the last spike.
  But he recovers really nicely.
  But he got hit a little bit.
  He got hit a little bit.
 Yeah.
  There is a another special that I flipped through like a Disney  MGM Studios is opening kind of special in 89.
  There's a there's a little like little skit in front of there  in the set of the stunt show,  initially with John Forsythe, who hosts all the theme park thing,  the Charlie from Charlie's Angels, those incredible universal videos  where he drones on about.
  But by those for forty dollars, I think it was that expensive.
  Forty or thirty bucks, the video souvenirs, right?  For you, Hollywood and Florida.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 That to watch a man stand in front of the train  taking off at the end of Back to the Future three and saying,  movies are the wizards wand.
  It's a look, make illusion a reality.
  Sounds like Blue 32.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I have so much vocal.
  I'll work on my job.
  He might just sound like I'm a little bit.
  You're limited.
 It's a little well, it's also a little the Hanna Barbera.
  They sure are.
  But so you can watch him talk for a while.
  But the whole special is hosted by John Ritter,  who is the construct of the specials that he's been put in charge  of the opening of the park for some reason.
  He's an actor.
 He has better things to do.
  But he comes in kind of hurried and like the park's opening in two hours.
  We have to and he's all stressed out.
  And then he on his way out the door with, you know, with his clipboard,  he does the spikes sequence.
  And I may have said before, such a big John Ritter fan.
  Sure.
 So sad he passed away.
  And it was such a great, agile, physical comedian.
  And watching him do the spikes gag, now realizing he had to do all that stuff  where he's triggering it himself.
  I just really appreciate the work that he did.
  And then fun to see not Indiana Jones, but, you know, a fun, silly guy do it.
  And, you know, and he takes it to where it like almost gets his crotch  or almost like gets him up the butt.
  He implies it without, you know, using language.
  And that's the you know, that's the main thing I wanted to say about that special.
  However, this morning I'm flipping through trying to like,  is there an indie part in this? Oh, yeah, there it is.
  I found this other thing, and this is completely off the Indiana Jones topic,  but I have to talk about it or else I'll think I hallucinated it.
  I'm flipping through the commercial like, OK, so where is it?  Wait a minute.
 That's a McDonald's ad.
  Is there a McDonald's ad starring Kathy, the comic strip character?  Yeah, of course.
 Excuse me?  Yeah, you know, Kathy.
 Kathy Geist?  What's her last name?  I forget her last name.
 Kathy Geist?  Is that her name? I'm not sure.
  Is that the character's name or just the creator's name?  I think it's implied to be both.
  I see.
 It must be.
 It must be both.
  Yeah, but it's, you know, Monday's arg.
  It's that Kathy.
 And I don't I guess maybe I knew there were like  there's maybe an animated special or two of Kathy.
  I don't think a regular series, but I'm like, I got to go back and watch this.
  And I put it on and it is.
  Yeah, it's a McDonald's commercial that's animated starring Kathy.
  But Kathy is in line at McDonald's with Mike Ditka.
  What? Coach of the Chicago Bears.
  Where is this? Did you see this in this Disney in this 1989  Disney MGM Studios special?  This was one of the ads that was left that was taped off.
  This is the culture of 1989.
  Kathy MGM Studios Ditka, like a perfect synthesis.
  And all that you come to in that time, the Muppets are right around the corner  from R2D2 are right around the corner from Indiana Jones.
  There were icons and they're all hanging out together.
  Not least among them, Kathy and Mike Ditka.
  And the point of putting  him in there, it was first of all, Mike Ditka in Kathy style.
  Very strange.
 And he's doing the voice.
  And OK, so the whole thing is animated.
  Yes.
 Oh, I thought it was real.
  Did kind of like Roger.
  Oh, no, not superimposed in there.
  No, no, no.
 It is a rendered in case it's Mike Ditka.
  Entering the Kathy verse.
  So I feel like I'm making it up.
 It's so bizarre.
  It does sound fake.
  And the whole reason to have the both of them was that  it is for McDonald's salads.
  And they're trying to prove that salads can be good for a rough and tumble man.
  Like Mike Ditka or, you know, like complainy watching her figure  gal like Kathy, it's a very reductive kind of thing.
  And even it even includes when I wrote it down, you know, it's like this little  like back and forth showing the difference between, you know, a gruff guy  and, you know, and this woman.
  And then he calls her  did the ditzy girl and she says big ox.
  They throw little insults at each other.
  It's kind of it's a moonlighting.
  That was our Spencer and Hepburn.
  Tracy and Hepburn was in Geist.
  They sparse, sparring is the dance that makes them fall in love.
  Yeah, yes.
  And this is long before because Kathy in continuity did get married  the last few years of her strip husband, not to real life.
  Chicago Bears coach, not to Mike Ditka.
  Did you say the late Mike Ditka?  Is he alive? Yeah.
  Oh, I thought he passed.
 No, he's alive.
  OK.
 Yeah.
  Um, anyway, just a bizarre thing.
  Is this also the special where Alan Thicke sings putting on the ritz?  Or was that a parade?  I think that's a Christmas.
  OK, so there's similar who opens it.
  I want to say the Pointer sisters are in there.
  Thicke might be in there, too.
  They had a real revolving cast.
  John Ritter hosted a few.
  He has to the Living Seas special.
 Oh, yeah.
  He was there a lot.
  But yeah, I don't know.
  Kathy at McDonald's and the salad looked terrible.
  I remember when they started with the solids there.
  I feel like I have a memory of that.
  Those have been bad.
  Yeah, they're better now, I think, but still not good.
  Yeah, they think they described I think in this is they're showing like  it's vegetables, you know, for a girl and then big manly, you know, like  it's almost like barbecue sauce.
  And there's I think they describe it as red ranch.
  It's being poured on and it looks like mesquite barbeque.
  Red ranch.
 That's the other thing.
  It's not most.
 I remember McDonald's  bed salads mostly being like chicken and ham or turkey and ham.
  Oh, yes.
 Exactly.
  Big old ham pieces and like, yeah, and just rubbery cheese.
  And then you smother some red ranch on there that can tickle Dick's mustache.
  Did it was it called Red Ranch?  It wasn't Catalina.
  It's I want to say red.
  You probably right.
  Yeah, they all snippet and put it on.
  I don't even see.
  I just see West.
  Sweet and sour dressing, classic Catalina,  which is what my grandmother always had, which honestly tastes like red ranch in  my head now.
  Interesting.
 I don't know.
  And why did why would why did they go to McDonald's together?  How did Kathy meet Mike Dick?  Was it just on a single site?  Is he just trying to find love?  So they were together.
  They were together.
  I don't know that it was a date.
  It might have led to a future date, but somehow Kathy and Mike  Dick commit and went to McDonald's.
  This is going to keep me up at night.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm going to have to fill in.
  I will have to write a fan fiction prequel explaining the back story and  learning about their dating life after the fact.
  Do you remember talking about animated comic strip specials?  Do you remember there was a couple of far side specials?  Really?  The couple of animated far side specials as a kid.
  I thought they were hilarious because they just animate.
  It was just a million shorts.
  They just animated strips and they were so funny.
  And the only way you could acquire them, I'm sure they're online for free  on YouTube at this point.
  Was at the back of the page a day calendar.
  You could fill out a form and write a check again for 30 or 40 dollars  and get a VHS copy of them.
  That was the only way.
  It seems that I did.
  Well, you got them.
  I never got them.
  I saw them when they aired.
  Right, right, right.
  But yeah, they were they were super fun.
  We're in the experiment with those things and then it doesn't take off as a show.
  Right.
  I think Garfield might have been special to show.
  I'm not sure.
  But like but some totally left behind or there was a think oddly late.
  There was a Will Ferrell voiced baby blues.
  I remember that.
  I remember.
  Yes, I remember that.
  Yeah, there's a handful of them.
  Those are all jumpstart TV show.
  Is there a drabble?  They must have tried with all of them because I would think there was a  Doonesbury special or two.
  Yeah, there was that.
  That was like the most biting satire in America.
  You had Hunter S.
  Taunton and Rolling Stone and Doonesbury in the comic strip.
  Little Abner.
  I mean, a little after was still ubiquitous.
  They tried to do jumpstart in 2014 at Fox 2014.
  Wow.
  Yeah, that's late.
  I'm sure they'll try it again soon.
  Yeah, I'm trying to think.
  I was surprised we didn't get a high and lowest show.
  It's a foxtrot in the late 90s.
  That seems like a missed opportunity.
  Blondie Blondie.
  I think there was some animated Blondie Dagwood stuff.
  Yeah, yeah.
  There was.
  OK, there was a Cathy special and voiced by I think the name you were.
  Oh, no, no, no, that is not the creator of Cathy.
  Different different person named Kathleen, who later voiced the character Pepperan.
  I and I'm only there's not too much  Rob Paulson in there.
  Hey, the way you love David.
  Love David.
  But what's jumping out of me is it was produced by Bill Melendez,  who produced the peanuts Christmas special.
  And I found this great clip of him talking about like entertainment tonight,  interviewed him to ask him if he was like now in Disney,  when it says sex in the letters in The Lion King or when Aladdin whispers  all the teenagers take off or whatever that is,  teenagers take off their clothes like, you know, like, hey,  you're a real working animation.
  Is this on purpose or not?  And he's like, yes, of course, it's on purpose.
  And if I were if a you know, if I were Walt,  I would have fired these guys right on the spot.
  If I were old Walt, you're fired.
  You put this in the show.
  Oh, that's funny.
  And this is so many levels of tangent now, I realize.
  Well, it's we'll get out of the tomb of Kathy and escape the tomb of Kathy.
  So I talking about behind the scenes stuff.
  I think it's time to once again talk about Jerry Reese.
  Have we? Oh, yeah.
  Looking back on because Jerry Reese directed this  stunt show like came is credited as the director, George Lucas,  credited as executive producer.
  Spielberg, I think probably already would have been contracted  by Universal Studios, so he's not really mentioned,  maybe offhandedly mentioned.
  But like Jerry Reese's theme park credits, again, either directed  or produced, had some involvement in Sounds Dangerous,  the live action parts of Cranium Command.
  This show Rock and Roller Coaster,  extra terror, Estriol, Alien Encounter  and Cinemagique  and the pre-ride film for Dinosaur at Animal Kingdom.
  I think he also did the thing where Robin Williams  is animated into Peter Pan and Walter Cronkite's around.
  And remember that thing that's familiar.
  Remember, it was on the it was on the studio tour  and they might have even played it in early.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But God, he was the guy.
  He was the guy.
  And what I want to talk about, and I cannot remember if I've just  totally forgotten that we've talking about talked about this or not.
  If we haven't, I'm shocked.
  Michael and Mickey is Michael and Mickey.
  Have we now? I don't think we have.
  I think we may have because how else would we it must have come up  because that's the source of the Mickey Mouse watch.
  And then that that Michael Eisner is wearing a Mickey Mouse watch.
  And and Mickey Mouse is wearing Michael Eisner.
  Right.
 That's right.
 You're right.
  Originally done for the MGM, Disney, MGM Studio Tour,  Michael Eisner, then CEO of Disney Studios, is en route to a screening room  for viewing with Mickey Mouse.
 Yes.
  Jerry Reese directed this is apparently the only time  Mickey is second build on something.
  He is second to Michael Eisner.
  Yeah, as it should be.
  And he and that's the thing where, yeah,  we go down the hallways of the Disney offices and they are rounding up  all the characters.
 The screenings about to start come along.
  And the Fantasia brooms and the babes in Toyland, the toy soldiers.
  And then everybody gathers in a screening room.
  The huge devil from Fantasia  is in front of Mickey and he says, could you sit down, please?  And he's like, and is going to like bring health rain, hellfire onto Mickey.
  But then Eisner says, hey, could you sit down?  And he's like, oh, yes, sorry.
 Sorry, Mr.
 Eisner.
  I don't read.
 Sorry.
 No, I'll do it again, sir.
  Shockingly, a full version of this is not on YouTube, but I would like to see.
  And it's in the supercut.
  We the the Eisner Hello Supercut.
  It isn't OK.
 Yeah, I had a feel.
  OK, now that we talked about the watches, now it's coming back to me.
  But reading so explicitly for a long time.
  Yeah, we need to cover this more in depth that there is this.
  I mean, casual Mickey makes an appearance.
  Mickey with like a casual jacket and a t-shirt on.
  It's a lot of our little obsessions.
  Nineties Mickey interacting with Michael.
 Michael, I think  it's a great mix of live action animation.
  It's like insular and done on the lot.
  Yeah, I was a big fan of this.
  It's well, here's why.
  I know that it is the beginning of a special called Best of Disney  that aired on TV in 1990.
  And that's where they filmed this and then made it a generic intro  and said, like, like tonight's best of Disney special, which made it  made it so that it could work in the theme park and on.
  Oh, great.
  So it was the beginning of this one special.
  And that's where you see you have to find the full.
  That's the spell.
 OK, there we go.
  We have to do a full episode on that special.
  Yeah, cooler than laying all that out.
  My off the do that.
 I was very impressed.
  Yeah, I was very impressed, too.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I mean, I love this thing very much.
  And I knew that, of course, to make the Michael Eisner Hello Supercut.
  I was like, oh, and there's that one.
  It's Michael, Michael and Mickey.
  But I have to find that I have to go find the best Disney special.
  I had so the finding all of those was I was consulting an episode  guide of like, OK, so fuzz bucket.
  Can I? All right.
  So there was a fuzz bucket episode of the Disney.
  Let me search by I was searching by air date.
  Yeah, that's great.
  Here's raw ABC programming for this night in May 1987.
  It was a wow commendable.
  Like Indiana Jones, it was on it.
  It was like scouring the, you know, the storage room  where the Ark is ultimately kept.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  I opened it.
 I don't I don't know.
  Maybe it should have stayed sealed.
  Probably probably could not have replicated that sequence for a stunt show.
  Probably couldn't have done Indy hanging off the speeding desert truck.
  Well, Crystal Skull makes all these things possible that.
 Yes.
  It couldn't have been done in real life by using digital effects.
  We're able to have Shia LaBeouf sword fighting monkeys straddling two cars  and possibly far from each other.
  And also one of my the most unnerving things about Crystal Skull to me,  where people keep implying like the specter of McCarthyism, like Dr.
  Jones, how do we know you're on our side?  Mm hmm.
 It's like, oh, God, I I don't like this.
  It's Indiana.
 You trust Indiana Jones?  Well, America is a little paranoid now in the 50s.
 Sure.
  Is he going to get I  talking to, you know, to bug me about some of this stuff?  And he was saying, like, is it if they make a new one, shouldn't he?  Shouldn't Indiana Jones be in like the 80s at this point?  Like it's been it's a long time.
  Yeah, he's in the late wait, the mid or late 50s in the last one.
  And that's already 10 years ago.
  So I guess not the probably six.
  It's probably honestly, it's probably American graffiti.
  It's probably I mean, Lucas isn't involved, though.
  So like you're not going to get or at least not that involved.
  I swear to God, if I have to see some bullshit with Indiana Jones and hippies,  get the I think there every draft I mentioned earlier has hippies in it.
  I would bet money on that because he has to be in the 60s.
  And that's the big, the big funny gag.
  But really, HDR hippies, like the colors of their faded, like, you know,  peasant blouses are going to be really bright.
  You're saying that it wouldn't be a little corrected.
  Yes, everything will be very art, like very like  saturated way up, like a lot like live action Aladdin.
  I may have said this before.
 I'm going to say it again.
  I don't I remember when Crystal Skull came out.
  It was like it like everyone agree.
  Everyone I was with was like agreed.
  It looks horrible.
 All you could do, like every trailer, like this is going to be shit.
  It's going to be such shit.
 You read a review.
 It's shit.
  It's awful shit.
 And then like like, God, I can't believe how bad it is.
  But you got to go, right? Yeah, you got to go.
  I and I was there was a minute where I was like, what if I don't?  Maybe I don't have to go.
  And then I got talked into going this new one, especially if there's hippies.
  Fuck, no, I don't need to see Indiana Jones.
  If there's no this franchise, anything.
  If we all say no collectively as a united people,  then maybe these things have to not be so.
  Oh, it's a tough question.
  Saying no to Star Wars for a few years now.
  Trickling in to say no to Star Wars.
  That's a different it's a tough situation because there's certain things  that I'd like to say no to, but I am interested in it either way.
  That's the problem.
  There's a lot of stuff I say no to movie and TV wise.
  But you are you are.
  But I don't truly after knowing what they did with a fifties greaser.
  And now you're going to give me hippies.
  I am out.
 No way.
  If it's 60s, that's obviously it seems obvious that that's going to be a thing.
  It goes early 60s.
  That's too much culturally too close to the fifties.
  Yeah.
 American middle to.
  Yeah.
  Mid to later 60s, you're going to get, you know, in the white room.
  No, is it Indiana Jones at Woodstock?  Is he like kind of like there's a high jinx backstage at Woodstock?  And he's scaffolding.
  Yeah, maybe.
  Indiana Jones in the 70s.
  Now you have my attention.
  Indiana Jones in gritty 70s New York.
  New York.
 Oh, well, he's got to stop by.
  He's never really stopped by New York, has he?  If 80s Indiana Jones, that was interesting to me.
  What you were saying.
  But will that be like carrying out some weird secret Reagan?  Is he like getting arms to Nicaragua?  I think the first thing I think of when I think of 80s is he's got like a Captain  EOS outfit that like somebody forces him to put on to like play it cool  at like a weird club.
  But see, that's they're already going to get Wonder Woman,  the 80s Wonder Woman out first.
  Oh, OK.
  We're also playing in dangerously close territory to  Ackroyd Hanks, Dragnet, like the stiff shirt.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Like punk clothes.
  I like that when I was a kid.
  I knew it was weird.
  I got the the gimmick that it's still Joe Friday stuck in the 50s,  but in like like, yeah, I liked it.
  I did too.
 No, I'm a fan of the also funny Hanks, funny young Hanks.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Hard to deny.
 Great.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Grimes major crime.
  They're going to have to do a sacrifice.
  I love the rap city of crime.
  The movie ends with implying that Joe Friday finally has sex to  you.
 Remember that?  Yeah.
 Does that make him?  Does he now just talk like, hey, what's going on?  No, he whatever he's repeating about like top secret, like whatever  file case closed, like he says as a callback.
  OK, when Hanks is like, so did you finally like just the fact,  just the facts, I think.
  Yeah, of course, just the facts.
  It would have to be.
  Hmm.
 Anyway, yeah.
  If we're if it's the right maybe we have maybe we got to be 70s.
  Is he in Vietnam?  If he's in Vietnam.
  Oh, well, that might be depressing.
  Probably.
 Yeah.
 Why am I like, no, I would.
  Yeah.
 He's in like Apocalypse Now.
  It's indeed Apocalypse Now.
  I don't we have enough movies where Creedence.
  I want to know now.
  I would say like Indiana Jones.
  Satanic panic could be fun, but again, it's the name of the plot of it.
  They have to stop this franchise.
  Every story is just a great extragnant.
  I I'm sure I said this on the other episode of it about Indiana Jones.
  Lucas's original idea, which I think was the right idea,  was every movie would be a totally different genre.
  Yes.
 And he wanted to make, you know, the second Temple of Doom is like  whatever you'd call it, a horror kind of a horror movie.
  Yeah.
 And then he wanted to make Indiana Jones and the Saucer Men from Mars,  which to me sounds like Mars attacks Indiana Jones, which is awesome.
  Yes.
 But then they got scared because Temple of Doom.
  People were cranky about.
  So now they've just tried to remake the same movie every time.
  I like Las Curses.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Las Curses a lot.
  But I do, too.
  But I'm just saying it's obviously in the same vein as the first one.
  It's obviously a correction back to like, well, this is what we do with Indiana  Jones.
 So I think which is back when course corrects in franchises worked.
  I guess, honestly, that's a it's a good point  that everyone was like, yeah, that's right.
  We like that.
 Imagine that.
  Imagine with anything now like, well, the last movie wasn't so great.
  But hey, we kind of I think we fixed it.
  And everybody going, you're right.
  Yeah, it's like Terminator, like Terminator instead of like seven tries.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  The first one works done.
  And the one that was a problem, quote unquote, everybody likes now.
  Temple of Doom.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  And that was so that's yeah.
  So I mean, I do think it's a little claustrophobic.
  I like it's my favorite in Last Crusade and Temple of Doom that  Raiders that they're like crisscrossing the globe.
  It's it's a Temple of Doom is, you know, there's a little  some problematic elements of it.
  Yeah, very confusing racially.
  But that being said, screen in India.
  But the movie is insane.
  It opens with anything goes.
  It's a crazy musical number.
  Like it's just bizarre and weird and language.
  And it's awesome.
 I don't know.
  It's awesome.
 I think the other movies are great.
  But except for, you know, although I do like Mutt Williams, I like the  motorcycle chase in four.
 That's fine.
  All right.
 We've tan.
  This isn't a tan.
 Yeah, kind of a tan.
  Can I go? Is it possible we went back?  Like if you will go back to our Indiana Jones episode, we said all the same.
  It's very possible.
  I know the ride.
 It's been long.
  It's so long that I probably said the same exact thing about wanting the sauce  or men from Mars movie.
  Can I tell you my favorite thing about this or one of my favorite things about this?  It was this is something that was used.
  This Indiana Jones stunt show was used in a lot of different TV shows.
  Yeah.
 And I don't know.
  This is this is probably the my favorite one.
  So maybe I'm leading with the best one.
  I'll say quick because I know there's not a lot to say about it.
  But as the TGIF historian of this part, I was waiting for that.
  Great sequence involved.
  I think I think I even brought it up.
  The only way to handle this is piecemeal.
  It's too much to get into the full full house arc.
  It's two episodes to talk about.
  But the story of the two  the two episodes of Phil Os film in Disney World is that DJ  misses her boyfriend, Steve, so much because she has to be away from him  for four days that she keeps seeing him everywhere all over the parks.
  And that leads to this huge sequence where you're watching the Indiana Jones  stunt spectacular.
  And like, I think I forgot how they got into it.
  And I watched it this morning.
  And she says, like that Indiana Jones, he's so brave.
  He reminds me of Steve.
  And then then when he like looks up, it is Steve.
  And then he does the whole sequence and goes and gets the goes  and gets the idol and then fall and then is crushed by the boulder.
  And then she stands up.
  There's a full the audience all gasps.
  I remember that.
  And then only she stands up and says, Steve.
  And then it's very embarrassing because the Indiana Jones gets up  and it's it's really stunning.
  And then she said, oh, my God, I just yelled in front of this audience.
  I got a cover.
  And she covers very gracefully by saying, I'm sorry, it's Steve.
  No.
 One thinks you're really here,  which is completely fine to the audience.
  They're like, oh, good.
  Doesn't has not heard any of the lead up of her seeing her boyfriend.
  I don't know why this quells them, but it does a masterful exit from.
  And she sits back down and that's like it didn't happen.
  Does the guy from step by step also do this?  Maybe.
 Am I just imagining?  Am I misremembering and I'm imagining I'm mushing up  the step by step in Disney World and there's a lot of things like that  where I believe both family matters and step by step of the same tower  of terror sequence with the same elevator guy like going up.
  Oh, yeah.
  Filmed the same.
  The footage, the shots of the riot are the same.
  It's like the story to give the dad something to do  because they didn't really figure out and I haven't be scared on terror there.
  So it's very possible that I could be Mandela affecting myself,  which I have done before.
  But I swear it was either the oldest son or the neighbor from step by step  coming through the ceiling dressed as Indiana Jones and one of the other kids.
  It's like and yeah, he does the sequence.
  It might be the step by step plot is that a friend of theirs  who you rarely see in the series beyond this one episode that he carries,  he is trying to reclaim the international gone on the most rides  in a day title for America.
 Yes.
  Yes.
 And I think his credit for Indiana Jones is he does the show.
  He does the indie show.
  No, I don't know.
 I can't remember.
  I'm trying to think.
 I'm not saying I disagree.
  I'm just thinking.
 I don't know.
  I looked I don't have I looked up my step by step.
  So I don't I don't know.
  I looked up step by step Indiana Jones, but it's not even maybe step by step.
  Disney World.
 I don't know.
  And obvious.
 And of course, the family matters one is that he uses the  Urkel the Steve Urkel to Stefan or Kel transformation with the transformation  machine at interventions, defeating David Lander of Lenny and Squiggy fame.
  Just want to make sure I get that out there.
 Yeah, yeah, that's important.
  These are the finest pieces of art alongside Michael and Mickey.
  If you want to keep looking, I'll say what I have.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You were really excited.
  I can you just do Hulu on your phone without the app?  Hey, audience, my Hulu isn't working.
  How does it look? I guess I have to log in.
  Yeah, probably.
 Please talk.
  And because I I didn't understand your your clues that you gave.
  I'm so curious what you're going to tell us about.
  I'm well, look, I think other other TV shows that use this.
  And it's going to make a lot of sense when I say it.
  OK.
 But of course, a show that shot a lot around Walt Disney World.
  Here we go.
 Thunder in Paradise.
  You use the full like sequence like Hulk running through.
  Yes.
 The sequence.
  Of course, it was not just they were at Disney World.
  They were in another country, a fake country that doesn't exist.
  Northern Tana Asia or Tana Asia or something.
  That's like the name of the country, the country, the dictator rules.
  Yeah, right.
 Or is it the country that where that guy got stuck  in the airport terminal because of the war?  Oh, right.
 It's the same country.
  The term is correct.
  Hoja.
 What am I talking about?  Crocosia.
 I should know better.
  This is Tana Asia, Tana Asia, I think is maybe what it's pronounced.
  Tanzania combined with.
  Yeah.
 And it's they shot at the Morocco Pavilion.
  Yes.
 Oh, I can watch this.
  And I finally found right before we started, I found the episode.
  Yeah.
 It's let me know.
  I have too many windows open full of thunder and pear.
  So if you don't know what we're talking about, Thunder in Paradise  was a Hulk Hogan starring syndicated show in the vein of Baywatch,  where he and Jack Lemmon's son  drove a boat around that was named Thunder.
  That was kind of like Nightboat from the Simpsons was like night.
  It was Knight Rider's car.
  They could talk to them, it could transform, and they would go around  talking to beautiful ladies and solving crimes  and like busting drug smugglers or whatever.
  Let me I'll give you a few of the we're going to do a full episode eventually.
  Hulk Hogan played, of course, ex Navy SEAL Randolph,  J Hurricane Spencer and Chris Lemon.
  Jack Lemmon's son played Martin Brew, Brew Baker.
  And then there were other obviously other folks on the show as well.
  So the clip, if I can find it here, it's in a it's episode seven  Sealed with a Kismet part two  sealed with a Kismet.
  And you just here, I'll show you a little bit.
  Obviously, we'll post a link to this.
  But let me see.
 Here we go.
  Like there here is Hulk there.
  This is the Morocco Pavilion.
  They're getting chased very slowly by, again, bad guys.
  Yeah, let's just say these these are bad hombres who are following them.
  This is an underwear ad.
  And then here you go.
  That's the Indiana Jones stunt set.
 Wow.
  And they're just having Chris Lemon, Jack Lemmon's son  has just kicked a bad guy off the third floor.
  Noticeably worse at it than actual the actual.
  Yeah, like in the Indiana Jones Hulk Hulk.
  Yeah, punching him in the face.
  And they do.
 There's the there's a swing, the swing.
  This is so smart.
  The producers of the show were so  this is a job I would have loved to have had being the guy  who knew everything there is to do at Disney World.
  There it goes that we could film the whole we can make up this  tan Zoja episode and just film it at the stunt show.
  Yeah.
 So it's a working TV and movie studio right here in Orlando.
  Florida.
 Right.
 It's not a place with the worst weather in the world  for filming television movies.
  And Chris Lemon on the ladder gag.
  And then Hulk pushes it back.
  It's like really like it looks pretty good, honestly.
  Like it looks like you wouldn't have thought that this was a theme park  stunt show set.
  It's a zip line.
  Why is there a zip?  That's in the show.
  Yeah, but why in the body?  You have a zip line.
  Yeah.
 So there she is.
  And then, yeah.
  So, whoa, it's yeah, they really they really use it very well.
  And if you like  Thunder in Paradise is one season,  there's an underwater base where they use the living seas on one episode.
  Yeah.
  Well, the whole thing is insane for how much it's shot on the grounds.
  Much of it because Hulk Hogan did not want to commute,  like did not want to drive very far.
  I think well, I think part of it, I think it was it was a cheap.
  It was a like cheapness thing like they could make it.
  They they were desperate for productions.
  Yeah.
  I think I think like they were they were banking on this being Baywatch  and making just so much money.
  Yeah.
 And as I said before, I don't know.
  The premise of a big boat that takes you to made up foreign countries.
  Night.
 It's Nightboat.
  The crime solving boat.
  Also, the inside of the boat is so funny.
  Just old.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Like, yeah.
  Equipment borrowed from, you know,  originals from the lost in space bat cave.
  Yeah.
 So there's other stuff that's filmed there, but that one man  is really a big one thing.
  So smart, so crafty.
  Good job.
 Location manager for Thunder in Paradise.
  Oh, I wish I had the most in this world.
  One of the big changes to this attraction over the years in 2004,  they took out the swastika.
  There used to be.
  Let's not lose sight of.
  Now it's just kind of more a generic looking.
  If someone called it a Greek cross, but I don't know if that's right.
  More generic looking like bad guy symbol, probably for the best.
  They got rid of the crossians.
  It's like the first order.
  It's a big, weird, fascist order flag that is hanging in the message.
  So they don't seem to crossians for over three years.
  Dina Jones is to take care of it.
  No propeller trap door.
  No swastikas.
  Those were the major changes, but still running.
  Still a big crowd pleaser.
  Still a good way to get 2000 people out of the Florida sun.
  We'll see what changes come to it.
  They certainly do.
  You think anybody out there is mad when they see a cross  because they were reared on the Indiana Jones stunt show  and they assume a cross is a symbol of hate.
  If they see they see a hospital and they're like, what is this a hate rally?  I mean, they must be really confused if they watch Last Crusade  and see the Knights Templar guy at the very end covered in crosses.
  I have just landed at I've been skimming Daily Motion  this whole time you've been talking and I've I'm about to find out  they're in line at the Indiana Jones stunt spectacular.
  Dude is concerned about time.
  Their friend who we never see otherwise.
  They stop being friends after the stressful world record ordeal.
  There's a kid who wants to see the show.
  This is it.
 Yes, he wants to see the show, but they have to get to their plane.
  They have to.
 They're leaving that day.
  And the only way is if oh, no, it must be that.
  Yeah, you're totally right.
  The kid is sad.
  He came all this way to see Indiana Jones, but the actor is sick.
  So they have to cancel it.
  Oh, I wish there was something I could do.
  But and he volunteers to be Indiana Jones in the show right on Jason.
  Yes.
 Not a Mandela.
 Great.
  Of course through the ceiling does the it's just the whole thing.
  Watch it again.
 You just watch this beautiful sequence.
  What a great in the same way.
  And these were all my favorite.
  I never liked the stories of the sitcoms.
  I liked when a band played a bunch of songs.
  And I like when they just did have the whole theme parks show  and ate up most of the act.
  And that's what this is.
 Yeah.
 He falls in the pit.
  Disney found a way for to make two of their shows.
  Just do Indiana Jones and eat up five minutes of the episode.
  Don't try this at home.
  But the child characters on your favorite shows can try this at home.
  They can put their untrained lives in the hands of stunt professionals.
  They need to where the show is canceled and a child.
  I'm not I'm not sure if he's a sick child.
  That's all possible.
  He could be a sick child.
  And his day is saved by this brave friend who, again,  I cannot remember the name of because he's never in the show otherwise.
  And we are saved by daily motion.
  The last wild wild west on the Internet.
  The lawless lawless where some of your favorite shows are.
  And you don't want to go by in one of the many, many streaming pay walls.
  If you don't want to pay for it, do you want to find some full wrestling  pay per views in odd aspect ratios?  Yeah.
  I was you know, I'm looking at Moonbeam City right now.
  It's pretty low qual, so I wouldn't recommend that.
  I would.
 OK.
 I'd recommend the tried and true method of DMing me.
  Yeah, it's gone.
 It's the only way now.
  So Daily Motion is letting me down on the movie.
  Of course, DM Jason for Crowdman Dude and the flaming sword of fire.
  You know, I I read the biggest crowd man dude, flings or fire fansite.
  Thanks for thanks for storing those.
  You know, it's your one man library.
  It belongs in a museum.
  Well, let me skim any other notes I had.
  Oh, I forgot I had the name.
  They're what they're they're the crocs.
  They're not Nazis.
 They're cross seas.
  OK, really? I know that's what I'm calling them.
  That's what he's got.
 All right.
  Cross.
 Yeah, guys.
  Um, I don't I don't know.
  I mean, I might not have anything else.
 Any any final?  We hit the major sequences.
  Yeah, I mean, it's it's a good show.
  I think, you know what you're saying when it comes back.
  Is it the first Disney stunt show?  It's very much borrowing that universal template.
  And they still are not universals done way more than Disney.
  You know, it's done more.
  But Disney, this doesn't have any like canned dialogue.
  They're all saying their own dialogue, I feel like.
  Yeah, I mean, yeah, I think it's in the traditional way a stunt show is.
  Obviously, they had shows where like performers would do like stuff  like Zorro was at New Orleans Square and their whatever.
  Or I guess Frontierland.
  But this was their first arena show.
  And Universal had a lot more old West stuff.
  Oh, man, what was I going to say?  Yeah, I mean, Universal clearly  took nods from some of this for Waterworld.
  Yeah, but they use the cart.
  They use the like canned dialogue a lot more in that.
  Oh, this is exclusive.
  This has never been replicated at another Disney park,  exclusive to MGM Studios and now Hollywood Studios.
  I do things that I don't really do that make me maybe like maybe subconsciously  or why didn't go when we were down in Florida?  I don't like how much of it is teaching extras to do stuff.
  It's a big percentage of time to make all those set changes happen.
  I don't love that.
  And I also don't love that while all of the moving the sets apart is very cool.
  The boulder sequence is right in your face,  but then there's progressively and progressively further away.
  So you have a man's seat in there.
  You're really that's true.
  Like the plane sequence is very far.
  Yeah, compared to Waterworld.
  Yes.
 Which is your face action.
 Right.
  That's that is that is a bummer to me.
  I'll say this, they play a little more downstairs now, I think,  because they're not using that trap door.
  So the plane, they start to the fight kind of  you need to get the big mechanic in front of the plane closer to the mat.
  And so the gunshots go off.
  I see a little closer to there.
  But yeah, I mean, it's a little bit of work to watch, too,  because they want you in the seat like 30, 20 to 30 minutes beforehand.
  And then they do that pre show, like get the audience members,  get them into wardrobe.
  That's my memories.
 It's a long time to commit.
  The show itself is 25 minutes plus another  10, 7 to 15 minute give or take.
  So it is a long, yeah, a long stunt show.
  Especially when we were there the first day.
  You're there the first day.
 You want to ride things.
  You want to see things.
 Yeah.
  It's like you got to take it.
  I think we just walked to identical galaxy's edge.
  And what did we do?  And then I took it.
 I took I took a skyliner to Epcot.
  Saw the Bahamian.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Hmm.
 Very fine.
  We didn't go go go.
  It's a good break.
 I saw different show.
  I saw one of the Bahamian doing flips.
 That's true.
  Yeah, they did stunts.
  The what if the Bahamian were added to the show permanently?  I mean, look, we can go a little like this.
  I read the press release about Disney's holiday specials coming up,  and there's a sting and shaggy duet in one of them.
  Oh, I saw that.
  You just come triumphantly from the  universally beloved Little Mermaid Live.
  Mostly animated movie with some live song.
  Is he in that? Yeah, he's Sebastian.
  He's Sebastian.
 Wow.
 Shaggy's on a comeback tour.
 Yeah.
  Wow.
 Yeah, I don't.
  The he had to he had to act a little bit.
  I didn't see this myself, but apparently at the he's  kiss the girl at the end of Kiss the Girl, he has to do like a  like  I he is like the kiss doesn't work out and they fall.
  And then he has to do just like a take of like, oh no, he like slaps his head  in some shaggy, maybe not the finest actors is what I'm saying.
  Hmm.
 I don't know.
  His comeback might be limited in that regard.
  I don't know.
 I I'd love to disagree, but we don't have time.
  Love to have an argument about this.
  Well, have we survived? I guess we have.
 Yeah.
  Survived.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, we did.
 We dodged all of the pitfalls.
  Thanks to the magic of every spike.
 Yeah.
  And the bad guys is important.
  So bad dudes.
 We were those.
  Yeah, those I don't know where they're from or what they're mad about.
  No, they're bad.
 They're bad.
  Now, it matters that they're bad.
  You got bad guy attire and symbols.
  But not from the real but not the real world.
  Say that for the movies.
  Yeah.
 All right.
 Well, yes.
  The upcoming film where Indiana Jones solves Vietnam himself.
  Bionnual Bionnual.
  All right.
 It inevitably says we're better than this.
  Great.
 Hollywood's Hollywood's big contribution to the cultural conversation.
  We're better than this.
  Come together and meet in the middle.
  Compromise is where we'll find our.
  True, true power.
  Avoid the boulder of oppression.
  Compromise is our treasure.
  OK, so long.
  Bye.
 Goodbye.
