 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride,  the second gate, hyperspace hoopla edition.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  Joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.
  Hi.
  And Scott Garner.
  That's right, and I'm gonna let you steer the ship here  because this is something I wasn't aware of  and you did this to us, so the blood's on your hands.
  Okay, yeah.
  So teach us how to dougie, Mike.
  Teach us how to dougie.
  So okay, so I actually, the first time,  I think I've seen clips of this and not known what it was,  but I think on one of our social media things,  maybe Facebook and apologies to the person,  I think someone did suggest this months ago  and in the back of my mind, I was like, hmm, hmm, okay.
  And then I was just looking through YouTube,  probably searching, I don't think I searched Star Wars,  but it pops up because of the algorithm.
  And one of these showed up and I finally watched it  and I went, oh, we have to.
  This is a thing we have to do.
  So I do remember someone mentioning it,  but I did not actually see it in earnest  until a couple of weeks ago.
  And with the Rise of Skywalker.
  Rise of Skywalker, always good to time stuff.
  Days away.
  Days away at this point.
  With Rise of Resistance.
  Oh yeah, ours coming.
  Open, Rise of Resistance open and us,  we could look, we're not, we can't do,  we're just in Orlando, we're not gonna go back.
  We'll wait till it's, we'll get to it when it's in LA.
  Yeah.
 We will.
  It's killing me though.
  I've had a couple things spoiled for me.
  I know.
 Without even looking.
  Everybody's suddenly like, okay, so videos everywhere.
  Twitter would know, like maybe some of us would like to,  and YouTube is just set up in such a way  that if you're holding on the thumbnail for a second,  it just starts playing.
  So we're like, ah, get it away.
  And pictures of, people just post pictures of robots.
  It was disappointing to learn the robots.
  Yeah.
 Bummer.
  I think there's still some stuff I don't know, hopefully.
  We know the ride is very long.
  Yeah.
 So as much as I think I've seen  too many show scenes or pictures of show scenes,  I'm very excited because it sounds like it's 12, 15,  18 minutes, depending on how long things are.
  And I don't know if you saw this,  and I know this is not a spoiler,  but the way the ride is set up,  different rooms have additional scene type things  and dialogue if you get stuck in.
  So say there's a loading issue on the ride  and you get stuck in one of the rooms for a little while,  there's extra stuff.
  Whoa.
 So you don't kind of just get stalled.
  Like if it's pirates at the end  and you're just hitting boats, it's not like that.
  There would be like additional things that might happen  or like dialogue from the pirates in that scenario.
  I'm gonna say, I think this come up for,  the way they have been running pirates for like a decade  drives me insane.
  Like I hate how many boats are in there.
  Not Japan, I think.
  Well, I can do it in Japan.
  I bet it's not in Japan.
  I'm sure it's very well organized in Japan.
  Yeah.
  But the whole ride is faster a little bit in Japan.
  Yeah, but in case you know what we're talking about,  for pirates, basically there's a backup at the end  before you go back up the lift hill to get off the boat  where just boats smash into each other.
  Slam into each other and.
  It's amazing with all the concern of it,  like kind of quality of guest experience,  how much that you just watch people who don't know  that's gonna happen get really flustered and upset.
  Yeah.
  And they put these big like whatever plastic,  whatever their cushions.
  Bumpers.
 Bumpers on the end of the boats.
  And they just, you literally get like smashed into  and do smashing into people 10 times.
  Like while big show scenes are happening around you,  while you're supposed to be looking around you.
  At the end when the pirates are drunkenly firing cannons  and guns at you, you're getting assaulted  by different boats at the end.
  So yeah, that does not happen on Rise of the Resistance.
  Hopefully not.
 I've been told.
  So this is, you know, what with the most cutting edge  Star Wars, the most like 2019, 2020 Star Wars experience  now coming to the park and process of being put in the parks.
  We're gonna harken back to a very different time  that wasn't that long ago.
  No.
 When they were a little more fast  and loose with these.
  Yes.
 Properties.
  So this is for the most part  before the Disney Lucasfilm sale.
  Right before.
 Which I think is very important.
  This was a part of, just to be very specific,  cause I seemingly love to do this.
  This ran from 2006 to 2013.
  2013 was the last year.
  Real blowout year too.
  I mean, we'll get to it.
  They had upgraded them to the bigger stage.
  At that point there's running jokes.
  There's running characters.
  And Star Wars Weekends goes back to the late 90s.
  You guys ever go to one of these?  No.
 Never.
  I went in 1999, I think.
  And I waited two hours to get Jeremy Bullock's autograph.
  Yeah, Boba Fett.
  Boba Fett, the man underneath Boba Fett.
  I didn't know who that was.
  He's also an Imperial officer in another scene.
  We saw.
 Where you see his face.
  I have seen Jeremy Bullock speak at Comic-Con in Chicago.
  It was the Men Behind the Masks tour.
  It was him, Peter Mayhew, who it was, shoot, I'm thinking,  oh, David Prowse, who was Vader.
  Anthony Hopkins, The Silence of the Lands.
  Anthony Hopkins, Behind the Mask.
  And it was, oh, the gentleman passed away.
  He was R2-D2.
  Come on, help me out here.
  Kenny Baker.
  Kenny Baker, thank you.
  It was the four of them.
  So I have witnessed Mr.
 Bullock in the flesh.
  Now he was on stage, like at the opening ceremonies,  it was him and Carrie Fisher,  but her autograph session filled up immediately.
  Okay, sure.
  But he was very nice.
  But you still waited two hours for him.
  We got tickets and waited two hours.
  He signed one for me and one for my buddy back home,  headshots.
  Do you still have it?  Yes, I definitely have it somewhere.
  So Star Wars Weekends, these events that they do,  where they announce upcoming Star Wars stuff,  and there's people from the franchise who appear.
  And as part of it, this special,  musical celebration event, essentially.
  It got topical by the end.
  Kind of topical.
  Pop culture-wise, it was topical.
  Like I would say 2010 to 2013,  especially 2012 and 2013 was very heavily  the songs of the time.
  And revisiting some of that music,  I truly felt like, what a simpler time.
  That was not that long ago.
  What a simpler era.
  But really, I think you could call this  the kind of, I'm trying to think the D&D grid.
  If Bill and Ted is chaotic evil,  this is neutral or good.
  This is chaotic good, you're saying?  This is chaotic good.
  I like it.
  I think it's very charming.
  I think it's very harmless.
  It's very fun.
  What is it that I feel like we need to get out?  Just literally, what's the blurb of it?  It is literally, I mean, I don't know.
  It's not gonna be more than a couple.
  It's more than a sentence.
  But it's basically, there's two characters  that are hosting some sort of a live performance show.
  And then there's generally a narrative  that happens during it.
  And all the Star Wars characters come out  and dance to modern music.
  It's a dance off.
  It's a dance off, dance show, dance performance.
  The bulk of it is a dance off  that is usually seemingly like Dark Side versus good.
  The character sometimes will dance to a modern song  that might slightly relate to whatever the relationship is  in the Star Wars movies.
  And we'll get to the later ones.
  But like for instance, Padme and Lord Vader  dancing to Trouble by Taylor Swift.
  I knew you were trouble when you walked in.
  I don't know if it's quite the perfect song for them,  but that's the general idea.
  It's really a big Jimmy Fallon lip sync battle  with all Star Wars characters.
  Because they are not performing the songs.
  It's not a Beetlejuice Graveyard review  where they're performing them as the characters.
  It is all lip sync and dance off.
  There's a little narrative depending on,  and then they go a little bit,  one of them ends up being sort of the emperor takes over  in later years.
  So there's a little narrative that they would,  they definitely expand the show  because the show basically starts out  and they're kind of closer to the Star Tours.
  There's a smaller stage next to Star Tours.
  And then in 2011, they got upgraded to the big stage.
  You've seen some of this, I assume.
  This is the original location.
  It's right by Star Tours, pretty modest size.
  Boy, this blew up.
  I've only seen the bigger stages.
  So this became-  This is where I saw Leia and Bullock,  Fisher and Bullock,  kicking off Star Wars weekends in smaller stage.
  So yeah, they start on a smaller stage  and you can tell that there's just not quite  as many characters and the scale is obviously not as big.
  Well, because what you find as these things go on,  like in what you're watching,  there's our hosts of the show  and then like Luke and Leia came out  and there's storm troopers and characters you'd expect.
  And that was Kit Fisto, by the way.
  That was Kit Fisto.
  One of the running jokes of it.
  They say, Kit Fisto comes out and they go,  Kit Fisto, he never comes out.
  And it's a joke in that you just repeat it so many times.
  The people who see it every year know it's going to come.
  I guess it's more of a reference.
  There's Django.
  That's Django Fett right there  because he has his blue and a silver outfit.
  What's amazing about this thing as it goes on  is that like, boys, every character represented,  there is such a vast array of performers  and like deep cut people from Star Wars Universe  all singing and dancing, not singing, but dancing.
  It all gets deeper too as it goes too  because there's a ton.
  Like Kit Fisto in year one is pretty crazy.
  That's pretty obscure.
  Oh yeah, the assassin from episode two.
  Oh, Wessel.
  What's her name?  Zam?  I wrote it down.
  I always forget her name.
  Zam Wessel.
  The assassin, you know, Scott from Attack of the Clones.
  Yeah, of course.
  They go through Coruscant.
  Yeah.
  Yes, yeah.
  The prequels are good now, I agree.
  And I know for sure who that character is  and I don't need to restay the Zam.
  Zam Wessel.
  Zam Wessel, of course.
  It was good.
  Zam is good!  That's what we're supposed to be doing, right?  Zam Wessel is good.
  Obviously, I have taken the podcaster mantle  where we've all agreed that the prequels are very good.
  That's right.
  And that's me and I'm part of it.
  That's right.
  And there's gonna be a lot of those characters  that are good showing up.
  You know, we've gone on and on about what this is  and then various, and then I turn and look at the screen  and it's like Chewbacca doing YMCA.
  Yes, so okay, so my first thought,  I watched a little bit of maybe this first one.
  Oh, I watched like six of these.
  Oh no, I watched six too.
  Yeah, okay.
  I'm saying though that.
  Me too.
  Sure, yeah.
  It's fine, it's fine.
  I'm saying that I initially was like,  okay, so their characters are,  these are original Park-specific Star Wars characters.
  Snig and Oopla, a male and a female.
  So it's- Conveniently named to rhyme with Oopla, clearly.
  Very convenient.
  And they are like hosting some sort of, you know, like-  What do you think it's gonna be before problems happen?  It's like the Emperor comes and they seem surprised.
  Like what do you think, it's like when Mr.
 Show starts  and they're making one show  but then a character interrupts and what's this?  Right.
  Like what do you think Snig and Oopla are starting to do?  Honestly, it's like, and this is gonna be  a real modern reference, it's like a Steven Eady  off the strip Vegas show, Steven Eady,  where like performers would open up for Sinatra.
  Oh yes, yeah.
  Well let's say Donnie and Marie who just ended their run  at the Flamingo after 11 years.
  Yeah.
  A lot of emotions in the air.
  The, but like something where, you know,  yeah, it's a fun little variety show in Star Wars world  and then maybe some extra characters might pop in.
  Yes.
  But they're surprised to the extent to which  all of the dynamics and fights all play out  during the fun variety show.
  Yeah, so they have a lot of like dumb jokes and puns  and I first, I was like, this is kind of bad, okay.
  But we'll still talk about it.
  And then especially these early ones that have such a scale  and then by the end of 2012, 2013,  there are some big moments, some big surprises.
  Yeah.
  And I was like, this is good I guess.
  They hit their stride and then they immediately  got canceled.
  Yes.
  In fact, at Star Wars Weekends 2014, they said,  oh, Snig and Oopla have been frozen in carbonite.
  That's why they weren't here.
  That's so grim.
  Like that's so.
  Yeah it is.
  But it implies they could come back.
  It doesn't imply they could come back.
  It does.
  Did you, do you know the end Scott of the 2013 one?  I don't know the years off end.
  The 2013 one is the PS there is a wonderful vintage.
  There is a big reveal at the end of 2013  that I am so delighted by.
  You probably know what I'm talking about.
  I just don't know how to, like I saw a lot of dancing  and I can't put a year, I can't associate a year  with a year.
  Well there's two, there were two moments in 2013  that I was applauding for.
  It's like a coda to the whole show.
  Whatever these are.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  For all this build up.
  It is.
  Oh yeah, you know what's gonna deliver.
  It's great.
  You know what has to deliver.
  So there was three times I marked out  that I popped to watch this.
  There's stuff I really like.
  I'm just saying that there was one thing  that was very unexpected that happened at the end.
  Kind of a fitting ending.
  Oh yeah.
  Kind of a fitting ending.
  Oh yes, very poetic.
  You know what these feel like to me  from watching them is it feels like a,  it's like a high school rally.
  The way that high school rallies,  at least at my school were kind of like,  it's the day when people say,  when people are snooty about sketch comedy  and like it's not skits, it's sketches.
  Skits is the epitome of what rallies are.
  And where there are this like meandering,  some of it is, you know, the football team  dancing to the Spice Girls and some of the like.
  They have a cheerleader outfit on,  which is what I think would happen at our school.
  Yeah.
  The football players would have a cheerleader,  the cheerleader outfits on and people would like  melt down because of that.
  And at the time I remember we were like, this sucks.
  This could be a little, if this were written better.
  You push your glasses up.
  But the audience for those rallies on board.
  The audience for hyperspace, blah, blah, blah, on board.
  The microphone on all of the recorded versions of this.
  And there are a lot on YouTube.
  The microphones are struggling on the cameras  because there's so much screaming.
  Yes.
  People are losing their shit.
  There was the moment I'm talking about at the end of 2013,  someone yells next to the guy in the camera.
  Oh my God.
  So loudly.
  It's so funny.
  Is it fucking Gangnam Style?  What is it?  No, no, Gangnam Style.
  Well that's right before it.
  Don't worry.
  That's right before it.
  Don't worry.
  I want a best of this.
  When all the characters started doing Gangnam Style.
  I will guarantee that you will like it.
  You will certainly think I'm building it up too much.
  But I will guarantee you'll like it.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  I will guarantee that.
  So how do we begin?  How do we dissect this?  So I'll say this.
  Basically I think what happened is,  and this is, you could see it happen at the park.
  So Disney buys Lucasfilm in 2012.
  This has another year.
  And then it's sort of the mandate of like,  no fun for Star Wars anymore.
  There's that robot.
  It's the best decision anyone ever made.
  Yeah.
  Cause they discontinued,  they had those Muppet Star Wars characters  in the park toys and stuff.
  And it was a lot of like maybe sillier things.
  Cars Star Wars.
  I have a Guido and Luigi as R2-D2 and C3PO.
  And I think when they bought it,  it was like no more fun.
  Cause there's no reason in a theme park  this couldn't have still been happening.
  Like this isn't, you know, fine.
  Don't put a movie out about the Hyperspace.
  Also this, there's so many costumes in this.
  It's such an intensive costuming  and they have to get all these dancers.
  This only ran for like nine or 10 nights a year.
  Yeah.
  So once a night, this was how the night would end.
  That is a running joke that like imperial regulations  require the show to wrap up by 8 p.
m.
  Like.
  I mean, look, they should,  they put it over at the California Adventure stage.
  Yes.
  Yeah, sure.
  Maybe it will.
  You know, there's some sillier stuff on Mandalorian now.
  Maybe we're slowly.
  I think as soon as Kennedy's out,  we're getting silly again.
  Maybe.
  I hope, I hope.
  It's possible.
  Silly, yeah.
  And then release the hashtag  release the bug main Han Solo comedy sketches.
  Wherever they are.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Can you explain that to the audience again?  I, before Star Wars decided it couldn't be funny,  there was an officially mandated YouTube sketch series  that a lot of guests on this show were part of.
  And it included the casting of bug main as Han Solo.
  And I don't know where it can be seen.
  I don't think he knows.
  I don't think anyone, if anyone listening,  if anyone's listening,  it was like an editor on it or something, please.
  But yeah, hashtag release bug main Han Solo.
  That's our Snyder cut.
  Yes, much more important.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And it's gonna be a,  it's gonna be a tidal wave when Ben Affleck  tweets about that.
  Oh.
  There's a whole season.
  I can see it by the way in that happening in 2020.
  Not even like it's stopping my day that much.
  Being like, huh.
  Wow.
  Okay, well, yeah, of course I guess.
  He just ran into him and he heard about it.
  Jeez crazy.
  Well, I gotta go get gas.
  Yeah.
  Ben Affleck tweeting about the Han Solo played by bug main.
  Yeah, okay, cool.
  I think I've mentioned before,  there's a whole season of television  called Star Wars Detours.
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I believe it is.
  Stop Motion from Stupid Buddy who make robot chicken.
  Like, Stop Motion Star Wars.
  And that got canned as well.
  That got canned.
  There was specials, but there was a whole season.
  I don't know if people know this,  there was this Han Solo comedy movie being made  by like some of the best comedy directors in the world.
  And it got canned and they got fired.
  I'm not sure what happened to it after that.
  But like, you know those guys who every movie they make  is a massive, mass genre defying hit.
  Those, they were gonna, Lord and Miller,  they were gonna make a Han Solo comedy.
  And I don't know what happened.
  I mean, release, is there a release of Lord and Miller cut?  I mean, they never made a cut maybe.
  I'm not sure it's possible.
  But there's 80%, there's like,  they shot 80% of the movie.
  Oh, and they did film like all of the jokes.
  So those are shot.
  That's what I wanna see.
  Yeah.
  Is whatever all that footage was.
  They exist.
  Yeah, unless every single time Lawrence Kesden  walked in front of the camera and,  no, no, no, no, don't use it.
  She shakes the camera so it's un-usable.
  Grading papers for his USC class.
  Like, stop making me come down here so much.
  I have to teach.
  Stick to my dialogue.
  Stick to the dialogue in the script.
  Which is supposedly what the issue was,  is they wanted to punch that dialogue up.
  No, no, no.
  Stick to the, I am a Solo traveler.
  Star Wars has no jokes cut to jokes,  lots of jokes in New Hope.
  No, no, no, George didn't want them.
  They, somebody made them put it in.
  Excuse me, there's jokes.
  They fly now, okay?  They fly now.
  They fly now.
  They fly now, which was a clip that was released,  again, we have not seen Rise of Skywalker.
  Jet packs, not an unusual sight in the Star Wars universe.
  Kind of been canon for a while.
  Like, the Mandalorians have jet packs.
  Boba Fett has a jet pack.
  Yeah, not a structure.
  Like, I don't quite understand why these characters  were so shocked at like, suddenly someone has a jet pack.
  I don't, that was a little.
  I don't even, that's less my issue and more that we're like,  letting like, you know, scrubs type delivery of,  of alt-y lines into the Star Wars franchise.
  I know I'm saying I want Star Wars to be fun again,  but maybe not that type of fun.
  We want it to be, okay, yes.
  We want it to be a dance battle fun.
  Yeah.
  We want it to be Lord and Miller riff fun.
  We can approve the type of fun  and as much, as much bug main as possible.
  And as much bug main Han Solo.
  I mean, who doesn't want that?  So, yeah, so basically they stopped this.
  They still do these big fan events.
  They still have all the actors out and everyone likes it.
  And they, they do plenty of serious stuff too.
  They do a pretty cool show where they show clips  from the movies.
  Did you see that while we were there?  Or where they, they show like, it's a projection show.
  Oh, I saw some of that.
  It's kind of fun.
  It's like, you know.
  I was weaving Toy Story Land during that.
  And like, pyro is so close to you.
  They don't block off where like massive pyro is going off.
  Yeah, it's really nuts.
  Yeah, we were on the Toy Story.
  We were on Slinky Dog when that was happening  or what, right after it happened.
  I think so.
  We were walking through like just smoke.
  Smoke, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But the show, I saw the show last time I was there  and it is fun and they do plenty of fun.
  Captain Phasma walking down the street is fun.
  All that stuff is fun.
  So, so yeah, anyway, they, they said no more Snig and Hoopla  and it's a tragedy.
  So they did it for a few years  and it starts pretty modestly as Scott was saying.
  I think sums up best in 2008 is YMCA with Ewok,  with an Ewok, the Rancor Keeper, Stormtrooper  and maybe another Ewok.
  I forgot.
  Now this is all fine.
  Like, you know, good for you.
  Go for it.
  I don't quite understand why you would watch that happen  and go like, yes, hell yes.
  I like, I.
  Well, it is fun to see Chewbacca dance.
  Yeah.
  I think it's the juxtaposition.
  The early seasons, they were really leaning on that.
  Yeah, and YMCA is not, I've never loved YMCA.
  I sort of always sort of been an annoying wedding song.
  Oh, you better believe my wedding do not playlist was.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  That's.
  Very detailed.
  Never have I been so concerned  about the crafting of a document.
  Yeah, no, I can respect that.
  There's a lot.
  While I love my family, we will not be,  there will be no we are family.
  We are family, yeah.
  Yes.
  I'll tell them that on my own time.
  I used to say no Casper slide at these events,  type of events, but I'm a little bit looser  on the Casper slide these days.
  I don't know why.
  Wait, is that that to the left?  Yeah, I do.
  I got to do that on a boat in New York and I'm blessed.
  Yeah, that's not.
  Yeah, I'm okay with them.
  They used to play that at like school dance.
  They'd play YMCA at school dances and I go this, why?  Why are we doing this?  I don't hate, it's just the song I don't like that much.
  I don't dislike it, but then I don't,  it's not fun to do, whatever.
  Anyway, so yes, I don't know why Chewbacca doing that.
  Yeah, well obviously though,  they didn't want even though a single Buffett song  I can go along with is Finns,  where you give which involves a dance.
  Yes.
  That gives me a lot of joy.
  Funny you bring up Buffett  because there's a gag in one of these.
  Because there's a running joke  that the Cantina band comes out  and the only song they know is the Cantina song.
  Oh yes, yeah.
  And there's one where they do start to play Margaritaville  and then switch to the Cantina song.
  They do a Johnny Carson style, what's the bit?  Stump the band.
  Stump the band and they,  so they'll take suggestions from the audience  and then throw it to Figrin Dan and yeah,  then they just play the ones.
  And they play the Johnny Carson theme.
  Okay.
  When the segment happens too,  which I think is funny.
  Nice.
  Because I don't know how,  he had been off the air for how many years?  Oh, in the show?  Yes.
  I missed, I didn't even pick up on that.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Yeah, they play it and it's like.
  Well, they still have to make it read  because the Leno Tonight Show had no,  it was just kind of general.
  Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan,  like it had no, you could not hum a Leno theme.
  Yeah, why is that?  That's weird.
  Similar to SNL, SNL, like, okay, sing the SNL song.
  Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan,  like what is this?  There was no melody.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, whereas like Conan, you can.
  There was a Conan song, Fallon has a song.
  Letterman I remember, the light show theme I remember.
  Thick of the Night has a song.
  Uh-huh.
  Make a point of saying.
  Yeah.
  It was a wonderful song.
  I remember the Craig Ferguson one  because I always remember he wrote it  so he could get the money every night.
  That's really smart.
  Which is a smart trick.
  So canny.
  Gryphon has that trick too, I think.
  Isn't it possible, did Johnny Carson have a writing credit  on his theme?  Very possible.
  I think he may have.
  Yeah, because they would just also add that.
  I think Conan co-wrote, or Conan sort of co-wrote  the TBS Conan's, I don't think it's the same one  they use now, but when I was there.
  Uh-huh.
  Like he, it was a guitar riff of his or something.
  Yeah, that makes sense.
  The dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun.
  That one, yeah.
  Yeah.
  But I mean that weird funny business,  like Dolly Parton, Elvis wanted to sing  I Will Always Love You,  but they insisted on putting Elvis's name on the publishing,  so she said no.
  Oh.
  So she wanted Elvis to sing that song,  but she was like, I don't want you to,  you didn't write the song,  you should not get the publishing.
  So they said no, and obviously a very good decision  because Whitney Houston would go on  and make billions of dollars with her version,  and she didn't take publishing.
  Prince and Kiss, he was like mostly not in the room  when Kiss happened, like the band,  like the bass player was messing around.
  And he took it back.
  Right, isn't that the story?  I think so, yeah, yeah.
  Where like they made a very cool version of Kiss,  and he wasn't that into it, and then he heard it,  and he was like, oh shit,  and then he just stole it back from them.
  He like left for an hour, they made it cool,  and like uh-oh, I'd like to be on that again.
  Yeah, so yeah, anyway.
  Anyway.
  Jason, what were you saying?  Oh, I was trying to, were we on a specific year?  2008, 2008.
  Okay, 2008.
  Very broad, I mean there's Footloose,  performed by Chewie and Ajaahwa.
  There's a Girls Just Wanna Have Fun  with Leia Padme and Zam Wessel, the bounty hunter.
  That's fun, yeah.
  Vader and Stormtroopers do Thriller.
  You see, these are a little bit more like general,  like they're not as-  Ages eight to 80 references, you know.
  Yeah, so like people are gonna like Vader  and Thriller and stuff, but it's not connected  maybe to the characters, like is it just because they're  scary?  Kind of luchantientually, because yeah,  they're doing the scary dance.
  Oh, YMCA2, they do Yoda, it's Y-O-D-A, I believe, right?  Well, I like that.
  And then there, it's also, which is funny,  because it's on the, I think we talked about it before,  there's that Star Wars Connect game, the dancing game,  where it's I'm Han Solo instead of-  Boy, I loved, when I went down that rabbit hole after,  I was very delighted.
  And there is also a YMCA parody in that,  which is Empire Today.
  It's like, boy, I'd like to be in Empire Today.
  Which is-  You can't do hand signals for that.
  No, but that was the thing they went with.
  So yeah, so this first one is like, I was like, yeah,  okay, I didn't love it.
  Would you say that's right?  I think that's right.
  2010 was the year that I saw where they started to have  a little more fighting watch 2009.
  We can't do every year, let me just,  MC Hammer can't touch this in 2009 with Vader.
  And then they introduced Ahsoka Tano and Aura Singh,  who are other characters who do Pisces Girls.
  I don't know any of the things you just said.
  Well, I always mispronounce her name  because I have not seen the Clone Wars  and don't yell at me because I will watch them  now that we can watch them all.
  Ahsoka Tano, who people are saying  Brie Larson is gonna play, but she's like a hero character.
  Is this the character, there was a character who came up  when I was watching these with Aaron and she said,  who's the Sphinx?  Yes.
 Kind of red and white.
  Yes, yes.
 Is this the Sphinx?  She is, I think Obi-Wan's other apprentice, is that right?  Or kind of an apprentice level.
  She's a learner to Anakin Skywalker.
  Oh, she's Anakin's apprentice.
  Yeah, so she has like kind of a Sphinx-y kind of a thing.
  So she's a Jedi and yeah, so they danced the song  Pisces Girl, which I had to look up.
  What was that?  Hold on, let me find it.
  Yeah, I don't know that one.
  Let me find this.
  There were songs I had to really look up.
  It's amazing how much you forget.
  It's like that song.
 I can't find it.
  That like, we're gonna light it up.
  I guess I know I could not place that  because the Tio Cruz has not been as omnipresent  of a person as that song is, which is everywhere.
  When we were on the Talking Simpsons podcast,  which is out or coming out,  we talked about Wright said Fred's I'm Too Sexy.
  And I meant to say like, yeah, I'm too sexy.
  I don't think that's still a reference used.
  I don't think anyone thinks about the phrase  Wright said Fred though.
  I think it's kind of removed.
  It's taken on a life of its own.
  Some songs outlive the band.
  Yeah, it's very trivia who the band was.
  Yeah, okay, let's just go to 2010.
  2010 is when they start to like play.
  Okay, Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru  dancing to doing Burning Down the House.
  That's dark.
 That's a pretty solid joke.
  So that's sneaking one by.
  So like, you can't be mad at that.
  This is where the Margaritaville Cantina joke happens.
  The Johnny Carson thing.
  There's the one I was,  Rancor Keeper does You Know You Want Me.
  Like, you know you want me.
  And I think that's sort of like,  he's not in the best shape, that's the joke.
  Which is not, of course, the best joke.
  Or like the Rancor wants him, like wants to eat him.
  Maybe.
 Maybe.
  But the Rancor doesn't want,  no, the Rancor doesn't want to eat the Rancor Keeper.
  He's his friend.
  But he eats him.
  No, no, Rancor Keeper, you're thinking of the  of the Gamorrian Guard who gets eaten in Jedi.
  Oh, the Keeper, okay, yes.
  The Keeper who cries at the,  so in Return of the Jedi, Luke and,  you've seen Return of the Jedi.
  The Gamorrian Guard and Luke fall in front of Jabba  in Return of the Jedi.
  Yeah, I know it's Gamorrian,  of course I know it's Gamorrian Guard.
  The green tusk.
  The green guy with the like kind of pig nose.
  Yeah, Gamorrian Guard.
  Gamorrian Guard.
  And the Rancor is that giant monster  and it eats the Gamorrian Guard and Luke kills it.
  And then that kind of bigger dude with the headdress  and the open chest cries because his Rancor is dead.
  Luke kills the Rancor.
  And that's the Rancor Keeper.
  2010, this one is real close.
  They were right in front of the stage.
  Yeah, so there's a.
  And that's the people who filmed these.
  Yeah, there's the Sphinx.
  Sam Wessel.
  That's Material Girl.
  There's Aura Singh who is also a bounty hunter.
  She has the long hair.
  There are.
  No.
  Tusken Raiders.
  Tusken Raiders are dancing support for Material Girl.
  Yes, like a.
  They're backup dancers.
  The back of an SNL sketch.
  Who's kind of leading.
  That's Queen Amidala.
  Queen Amidala.
  In front, it could be one of her decoys, honestly.
  But the whole number she kind of leads Material Girl.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Mixed with like old like 70s Leia.
  Yeah, so see, original Star Wars  white costume Leia is dancing.
  And eventually Amidala becomes.
  Amidala in the white like.
  The Attack of the Clones.
  Attack of the Clones action gear.
  Not that like big Queen gear.
  Right, so yeah, so they're getting,  they're getting, you know, they're getting saucier maybe.
  They're getting a little.
  Some of these jokes are.
  Chewie as Axel and the Ewok as Slash.
  Yeah, so that is this year, right?  Yeah, that's this year.
  And then they're always using Figurine Dan and the modal.
  They're always in the show.
  I forget, let's just open this.
  There's a whole.
  We could have just done a watch along  with one of these, honestly.
  Oopla gets most of the good lines.
  Sneeg is the theme park archetype  of like a man who is yells in your face.
  He just yells.
  And they're different performers each year.
  Sometimes they're the same people.
  They are not always the same.
  Yeah.
  I will say I did not watch one second of these two.
  No offense to anyone who played these people.
  I don't think I cared about the banter  between Sneeg and Oopla.
  Right.
  Well, the banter didn't really get,  it got a lot more fleshed out as time went on.
  And the costumes got better too.
  This is the Kesha song.
  Blah, no, no, no, this is Lady Gaga.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Tell telephone.
  It was a huge hit.
  Yeah.
  And the FIG and the mode, the Wasse Isley Cantina band  are doing not well choreographed dances to it.
  Still fun to see them with their fun heads.
  No, wait, I did hear some blah, blah, blah.
  Tis not back.
  But blah, blah, blah.
  That was like a Kesha.
  There's a lot of Kesha in all these.
  You forget how like everywhere Kesha son,  not just TikTok, but the was the one blow  this place about to blow.
  Beat it.
  So Darth Vader is dancing to beat it.
  Which like, I like that.
  I do like that.
  I mean, I can't deny.
  And they're a little more polished.
  Them doing the dance is good.
  I don't know how it relates again to the character, but.
  He wants the.
 Oh, he's got the glove.
  He wants, you know, Luke to beat it.
  He just grabbed his dick to beat it.
  This is the last year, 2010, that they're on the smallest stage.
  2011, they got upgraded to the big stage.
  And it was sure like people knew like this show can't be contained on the small stage  any longer.
  Storyline wise, the emperor lends the money to get the bigger stage.
  That is established in 2011.
  Explain they make it part of the.
  I like that too.
  And in 2011, that's where you get teach me how to Dougie  Luke's in this one.
  And there is a Skywalker incest joke.
  A minute.
 Yes, yes, yes.
  So here's the huge stage in front of Grauman's, which has the sorcerer's  hat still in front of it.
  Yes, you can see the sorcerer's hat in the video behind the stage.
  It's just like in the hand to on the left.
  Now we're now on a multi layer stage.
  It's double decker like big pod doors.
  Snaggen, OOP, was hyperspace.
  So Laughinplace.
com for posting this one and perhaps some of the others.
  And like we got we get like figure it figuring Dan and the modal nodes to teach me how to  do.
 They're the ones who do teach me how to Dougie.
  And then there's some let me get to the here.
  Let me get to the section with the emperor.
  So the emperor, let's see.
  And they sing.
  Oh, yeah, we should have mentioned that they do like lyrics to the famous Star Wars.
  Lyrics to the famous Star Wars theme disco version.
  So that's fun when it's.
  And they switch explains what the show is.
  Yes.
 So this one has the emperor and his guards, which are the guys in the red.
  And the emperor gets just gets hamier as these last three years go on.
  The emperor.
 Yes, the emperor turns into like an old genie or an old, you know, one of the  characters from the theme park.
  He says we got mad skills.
  Yo, so that's here.
  I'm actually thank you for saying that, Scott, because I'm about to go to the mad skills.
  Yo part of the emperor when he dances.
  OK, so it's like the mad skill.
  Oh, it just happened.
  So this one is maybe my least favorite emperor performance.
  This is just back in black.
  And he's like.
  Just sort of like using his cane as a microphone.
  Yeah, some years the songs had themes like one once one year, the theme was all the songs are in  three D to honor the release of Phantom Menace 3D.
  It's just very aggro in your face songs.
  One year it was 80 stuff.
  This seems like if they just put me in an emperor costume by the old Greedo has come out  with Django and Boba Fett.
  This is like if they put a robe on me and we're like here, go dance to back in black  with your cane.
  It doesn't look very rehearsed.
  So and then Darth Maul makes an appearance, which is very exciting.
  People going nuts.
  He gets a pyro.
  She gets huge pyro.
  Darth Maul.
  And then he comes out and he is like good at lightsabering and.
  People are losing their minds and then.
  You got to go to the go to the clip here of 2011 and watch him like barely do any dancing  and then get his lightsaber back.
  He's good at twirling the lightsaber.
  He's good at twirling the lightsaber.
  So 2011 we get Ewoks wearing slash his top hat.
  We get playing drums on stormtroopers heads, which is fun because the Ewoks do that at  the end of Return of the Jedi.
  Yeah, which is a nice little callback.
  We get like Joan Jett stuff.
  There's an Avril Lavigne.
  I never heard called Goodbye Lullaby.
  Wow, I was she there was.
  I mean, this was a single, but her song What the Hell was the factors in and like these  Latter Day Avril songs didn't really register with me, but I guess at the time they're  like, all right, what's on the charts?  Yeah, I guess I would be interested to know if there's any interviews with people who  put these shows together, what their process was.
  I just say it's crazy that this is gone.
  It's crazy that this is gone now because I think we're at the point where it has been  like over 40 years since A New Hope.
  So this is the time where people would be it starts to make sense to like, OK, we've  had decades.
  We can do a decent critical analysis.
  We have the historical context like we can start to it's yeah, let's let's have a little  fun with it.
  Let's make fun of it like Disney lighten up like I think that's what I like about the  Mandalorian.
  It's like there's sillier costumes.
  I have ideas at the end, but I have some ideas of the show comes back.
  Oh, I have so many ideas for 2019.
  So so yeah, we'll go here.
  But like some other highlights real quick because yeah, I think we all agree that like  let's this is so this is 2012.
  Vader dancing to Pitbull International Love.
  And also this is Alien Ant Farm part of it.
  There's like a medley of songs.
  Oh yeah, Alien Ant Farm smooth criminal is dance to it.
  One of these, which is such a funny choice.
  Now I will say I like this Chewie comes out to LMFAO.
  They're all dressed as LMFAO and the robot from LMFAO.
  C3PO has the metal the square robot head from the music video at one.
  And I will say I unironically like this.
  What year is this?  This is 2012.
  Okay, 2012 is when it starts to heat up.
  2012.
  So Vigor and Dan and the modal nodes have like cool stretch pants on now.
  Not costume appropriate stretch pants at a certain point.
  So yeah, C3PO has yes, you just said that.
  R2D2 has a wig on his head over in the corner.
  I like that.
  Scott's coming around now.
  Lay it out.
  Lay it out.
  A wig.
  Slave Lay is out.
  Slave outfits.
  Padme in the cool white outfit with the Padme.
  And she's shaking her butt.
  This is getting going here, this show at this point.
  And Chewie's hair is so big.
  And it does have, it's certainly in the audience, it has the feeling of  all the people in the audience know the performers.
  There does feel an extra level of energy probably because-  It's why it's so high school for that reason.
  Yes, for sure.
  That's why I have the toughest time with this.
  I'm flashing to, because I was the one who didn't know anyone in the high school rallies  because I wasn't friends with anyone who did sports.
  I 2012-  Well, when it comes back and one of us are in the show and you can go and see us do it,  then you will have that energy surge.
  Like, I know, I know Jason.
  They really start to-  Jason's playing Vigor and Dan.
  We've in the movie lines in this one as like gags or punch lines.
  But I think what I like about this compared to like Bill and Ted,  where it's like the butt of the joke is-  Gay people.
  Gay people, women, minorities, the disabled.
  The butt of the joke in this is Star Wars.
  Like it kind of acknowledges, there's using the lines as jokes.
  Like it's kind of silly.
  It's kind of ridiculous.
  We can laugh at it.
  Yeah, there's no victim.
  People having a good time, audience having a good time at the end of a day.
  And I give George credit too for like signing off on it.
  This kicks ass that Vader dances to a song with the lyrics, Annie, are you okay?  And he is Anakin Skywalker.
  Oh, see, you can't be mad at that.
  Annie, are you okay?  Fine.
  And that it's the alien ant farm.
  One of the funniest reference to make in 2012.
  It should have been.
  You're right, Scott.
  The punch up on it is Watto should have been singing.
  Annie, are you okay?  Now this one also, there are sketches in 2012 that happened.
  Pre-filmed.
  Pre-filmed Emperor sketches.
  We don't need to recap any of the jokes or what happens.
  Just know that like.
  Yeah.
  He's just punching like kind of a punching bag or whatever you call that toy.
  The inflatable toy of Vader.
  That's the Emperor.
  So this year, yes, this is the year when you really make a case for it  being a mainstay in the Disney perks forever.
  Yes.
 And they start a running joke.
  It only goes for two years, but it's essentially the Paul Rudd, Mac and Me joke.
  Where the show ends with the clip of Vader.
  Vader walks the Emperor off stage and then it plays the clip of him  tossing him down the Death Star hole.
  Which is fun.
  Fun.
  Fun.
  So then this is the year we're mentioning.
  So Vader and Padme are dancing.
  Which is strange because Padme never met Vader.
  Well, right, Anakin is.
  Yes.
  So it is the guy.
  That's who's in there, but she's never seen this suit before.
  She died before there was a suit to see.
  Yes, but I guess it would probably be worse if it was like no legs Anakin dancing.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  But this exists in a multiverse where all Star Wars possibilities are on the table.
  Everything's on the table.
  Yeah, this is including the possibility of one of Snake's lines this year.
  He says, give it up for Star Wars.
  Who's what?  Snake yells, give it up for Star Wars.
  Oh, I wrote that down too.
  Well, because apparently that seems to happen.
  I wrote down a sequence of events every day.
  I'm shuffling.
  Boom explosion.
  Give it up for Star Wars.
  People freaking out after every day I'm shuffling.
  That could only happen in 2012.
  Well, and Figran, Dan and the modal nodes dance to a medley of songs,  including a song that I know only as Oh, sometimes I get a feeling.
  I don't know the name of that.
  Oh, sometimes I get a feeling.
  I get a feeling.
  I have no idea the name of the song.
  I have no idea who sings it.
  I can't find it.
  I don't know what this is.
  I'm sure you've heard it.
  Is that a Vici song?  Maybe.
  Yeah, I also didn't know who did that, but I know the song very well.
  Boba Fett dances to moves like Jagger.
  Is that 2012?  2012.
  Okay, yeah, yeah.
  Kip Fisto dances to Party Rock.
  Yeah, and Soka.
  Yeah, they do Party Rock.
  Yeah, so we could have had it all was the Vader Padme.
  And then they also-  Rollin' in the deep.
  Yeah, they always have a song that's about their push and pull,  like about the torment of the relationship.
  A lot of sexual energy there.
  Yes, and then 2012 is where the Emperor does-  Do you know 2012's Emperor performance?  Nope.
  All right, I'll show it to Scott if he hasn't seen it before.
  It's a real sort of fake out.
  So they start out with the Justice intro to D-A-N-C-E.
  This is the 3D year.
  All these songs are very in your face.
  So Emperor comes out, he drops his cane, he throws the hood off,  he's got like a bucket hat, and then does Mama Said Knock You Out.
  Is this one of the ones that I'm supposed to-  No, no, I don't like this.
  I think this one's funny because it's bad.
  So there's a difference on my spectrum level of what I like and why I like it.
  So this one I think is bad.
  But it is-  It's better than the ACDC one.
  So they're getting there with the Emperor's thing.
  Because you know, they're workshopping this every year.
  The end of this year, when they're saying good nights,  they're playing Tonight We Are Young.
  Oh, sometimes I get a feeling comes back.
  We are young.
  One of the years ends with that whatever the fuck song that-  I belong with you, you belong with me.
  Oh yeah, The Lumineers.
  That's what that is.
  That's The Lumineers.
  Hey, ho, hey, ho.
  But people just put up their lighters for cell phones and just sway earnestly.
  And the Star Wars content is kind of done.
  People are just earnestly digging that song.
  Which I can't understand why you would sit there.
  Darth Vader is gone and I'm just going to sway my phone to I belonged with you.
  Everyone had an experience together and they're all just sort of celebrating.
  They needed to come down together.
  This is the finale, after everyone bows at the end of 2012.
  This is the one where Darth Maul comes out and dances a little.
  And then there's some explosions and people are psyched.
  People love it.
  People love it.
  Okay, so that's 2013.
  The final year of this and again, they're hitting their stride hard here.
  Let's see, Jason, you have highlights as well?  Yeah.
  So 2012 established to not just the Vader throwing down, but 2012 hit the joke about  this show must be over by 8 p.
m.
  That's when the park closes.
  2013 starts off with its own crawl.
  An exclusive crawl.
  Exclusive crawl.
  Exclusive to this show.
  Do you have it?  No, I don't have it written down.
  I have it transcribed.
  Last year, the evil Emperor Palpatine once again crushed the party and tried to destroy  Snegan Upla's hyperspace hoopla.
  After quote, bring in the pain, yo, it looked as if it was the end of the hoopla.
  With some quick thinking, Upla showed Darth Vader an incriminating video of the emperor  and a Vader punching bag.
  Embarrassed, the emperor admitted defeat and made his exit.
  As the emperor was about to vow his return, Vader grabbed the emperor and tossed him down  a ridiculously long chasm.
  With the emperor gone, peace was once again restored to the galaxy.
  So full Star Wars, yellow text, Starfield crawl.
  Yeah, fine.
  Saying that very long.
  Important because if you didn't know the story.
  Yes.
  Why would they?  Why would they?  Yeah, you wouldn't know what's happening or why Chewie was shaking his butt.
  So they, oh, there's a, I wrote on one of this.
  So the emperor has a bigger presence.
  Is this the year where the emperor takes over?  Yes, this is where it's Palpatine's hoopla.
  And he says if I had a dollar for every time Vader threw me down a ridiculously long chasm.
  I'd have money for a third Death Star, he says.
  And then he says, blinged out.
  This is, I'm like, I feel like an alternate title for the film that's coming out this  week or next, I forget when we're putting this up, but the, you could call it episode  nine, uh, Palpatine's hoopla.
  Oh, that's good.
  He may have a hoopla in the new movie.
  We don't know.
  They revealed that title at Comic-Con and everybody like, there's just a, like a, like  5,000 people all together go, huh?  Return, Star Wars returned to the fair.
  Two people would know it.
  It's like, and now it's playing a snaggin' hoopla.
  Uh, who are the two most famous actors that are in Star Wars?  The listeners to this might know that, we may already know if hoopla returns for the  final battle of the franchise.
  Oh yeah, that's a good point.
  I am hoping rise of Skywalker is like the end of the, the Fellini movie eight and a  half, where just all of the characters from the guys life comes back and they all just  kind of walk in a conga line.
  I guess essentially that's what the ending of end game is.
  So like, why not make it the end of the end of a life aquatic?  Like they all just take a big walk.
  Yeah.
  Ocean's 11.
  Yeah.
  This bow.
  Everybody takes a walk.
  So yeah, we got, uh, Vader and Greedo fight for your right to party.
  Uh, stormtroopers play an off key version of the Cantina song and everyone booze.
  And then the real Cantina band comes out and shows them how it's done.
  Yes.
  Uh, then there's, this is another chewy, oh man, we're going to get an ad.
  Uh, there's a chewy dance off again.
  It's they knew what worked last time.
  They went with, uh, uh, another like high energy chewy, uh, dancing.
  But it's a different song.
  We of course, we're looking at an ad for Richard.
  It's an ad for Richard Jule.
  Yeah.
  I'm looking forward to the, to Julepla.
  So here goes.
  Richard Julepla.
  So chewy dancing to hey, uh, Jason, is this one of your favorite moments from all of this?  I think this is pretty great.
  Jason, if you just got missed it.
  This song is 10 years old at this point.
  Jason had his hands in the air.
  You missed it, Scott.
  He was celebrating.
  He's got a crown on and sunglasses.
  It's fun.
  Can you recreate that for a video?  Oh yeah.
  Great.
  Whoever it seems like it might be the same chewy from 2012 and 2013.
  Maybe it was same.
  And then look at the Scott, the Ewok is playing a guitar with a beret.
  You can't be mad at that.
  And there's the drum.
  There's a stormtrooper helmet drums.
  You can't be mad at us at an Ewok.
  He's he's all over to the right there and they've cut him out of frame.
  I can't be mad.
  I'm not mad.
  I wouldn't say I'm mad.
  No.
  Uh, there he is.
  He's got a guitar.
  He's playing guitar with a beret on.
  Oh, here's some beautiful ladies.
  The Sphinx.
  Uh, Leia and her mother.
  In their most sexy modes.
  Yes.
  When you get together and your sexiest outfit as does your mother.
  Now that is a Fellini move.
  You and your mother are the same age and you're both very attractive.
  Yeah.
  And then there's here, you see him?  He's got the beret playing guitar with sunglasses.
  He's like that.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, that's great.
  And the Figuring Dan and the modal nodes are all in little hats and they're like up,  up on the stairs there.
  Like this, this thing is.
  They're blowing it out.
  This show is, you know, this is at its peak right here.
  OOPLA.
  And then this year, right around here, OOPLA says you can't be Sidious.
  Right?  Yes.
  Like Darth Sidious.
  I don't like that.
  I don't like as much.
  I don't know.
  I don't dislike it.
  I just don't like it as much as so let me ask, let me guess Jason, what your second,  I'm going to play what I think your second favorite moment is from 2013.
  Yeah.
  Let me just.
  It's kind of tied.
  Okay.
  It's the smaller number.
  Is it involves C3PO?  I forget what the 3PO one is.
  C3PO does the Harlem Shake.
  Well, that is very good.
  Yeah.
  If you have that.
  Well, if that's not your moment.
  I mean, no, see 3PO doing the Harlem Shake, actually the audience,  that is a good example of the audience going crazy.
  And that is staged pretty well because he comes out and you think he's kind of stiff,  but then he starts to move.
  We don't have to go see.
  They built in a little more.
  No, my favorite is I think the Jawas and the Tuscan Raiders number.
  Here comes 3PO.
  This is something different.
  I think.
  Yeah, this is not the Harlem Shake.
  This is not.
  I screwed up.
  What were you saying, Jason?  Sorry.
  Oh, the Jawas and the Tuscan Raiders number.
  I think is probably the best.
  And what's that song again?  It's Thrift Shop.
  It's the scavengers are dancing to Thrift Shop.
  I'm so glad it's not 2013 anymore.
  No, it is good.
  Jason's right.
  What is what's is it?  Lobot?  What's his name?  Lobot from the club city.
  Yeah.
  Unrolls like a DJ booth.
  The only way I'd approve is if it was Greedo leading it and they call when he came out,  they called him McClunklemore.
  We could write the show in an hour.
  The new show.
  I know.
  3PO coming.
  Give us this one.
  Give us Bill and Ted.
  This is what we're dying to do.
  Yeah.
  This is one of the lesser parts of it.
  I forget this is like a Pink song.
  The biggest thing I had was going back and going, what is this song?  Is Pink's song or is this even the same song with that set like so raise your glass.
  And then I don't remember what a different sign.
  Pink has a blockbuster hit every year.
  Yeah.
  Pink is for 17 years with like no scandals.
  She's got a family.
  It's no scandals.
  No, there is a profile.
  Well, you're like a low key way.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  So Bounty Hunter's dancing.
  Yeah, this is the bounty hunter number song.
  This was a big song.
  I think so.
  And they're doing this sort of swim.
  Yeah.
  Go to the can you find the Harlem Shake?  You remember what part of the show it is in?  Good time.
  This is now in 2013.
  You have to remember this isn't what every TV show was always.
  It is a good point because this is someone I know and a song I know.
  Look.
  Yes.
  Yeah, I can't find the just from looking at this.
  Yeah, this is everyone does Gangnam Style.
  This kicks ass.
  This is probably the best part.
  Kid Fisto.
  There are so many characters on stage.
  There's two dozen people on stage doing the horsey dance.
  The horsey dance.
  Well, you also within this have Leia dancing to Gangnam Style,  which is exactly what happens in Nick Weiger's Funny or Die classic Gungan Style.
  Gungan Style.
  His deconstructionist, his adaptation of Funny or Die, of the internet videos.
  Featuring also an amazing performance by Ryan Perez.
  It's a very excellent acting performance.
  Yes.
  Please, if you haven't seen Gungan Style.
  The sexy lady.
  The sexy Leia.
  The sexy Leia.
  Weiger changed it too.
  Yeah.
  What we're watching basically is what Weiger does in the first act of Gungan Style before  it takes the turn.
  100%.
  He was making earnest type or space.
  Once again, let's hear it for Star Wars.
  Let's hear it for Star Wars.
  They know, all these characters know that what they're doing is Star Wars.
  Yes.
  In this reality, it was just a whole bunch of Star Wars.
  Yeah.
  It turns out the true Star Wars were the friends we made along the way.
  Are we ready for the last thing or do you have one other one,  Highlight, you want to bring up?  I'm ready.
  I know Scott's ready.
  Oh, no.
  I think the, see, try and find the thrift shops not too far back.
  It's going to be hard because I can't.
  Let me, I'll pull it up on my iPad.
  Jason is going to be like scouring thrift shops for cool clothes.
  Jason is insisting on thrift shop.
  I wrote just on, I love Kit Fisto doing Gangnam Style.
  Darth Malta is too legit.
  She was sure putting on a shirt.
  Darth Malta is too legit to quit, which is good.
  But of course the Emperor Vader throws him down the hole again.
  And I'm assuming that would have been like a running joke for years if this had kept  going for years.
  I'll tease the end moment right now.
  This song is something I had to look up.
  Feel this moment Pitbull featuring Christina Aguilera.
  Yeah, what?  I don't know.
  Which is a huge hit.
  A huge hit.
  I believe a huge hit.
  I've heard it, but I didn't.
  I had to look it up.
  I had to like Google a couple lyrics that I was hearing.
  I think Jason, it's okay.
  We're going to post that clip later and I just want to show Scott so we can get to our future.
  Thrift shop from the Tuscan Raiders and Jawas and 3PO doing Harlem Shake.
  It's a simpler time.
  The show ends.
  The show ends.
  And then there's a little bit of a surprise here.
  Oh my god.
  It's Mickey Mouse dressed as a Jedi.
  Blinking Mickey.
  So.
  Wait, why?  Hold on.
  Hold on.
  And now he's dancing.
  Right.
  The audience loses their mind.
  This is not the video.
  A different video.
  A guy goes, oh my god.
  Why would you say oh my god?  Because this has never happened.
  Or in Disneyland.
  If this happened on the street.
  If we were walking around Galaxy's Edge in Batuu and we saw Mickey roaming around in a Jedi  costume, I think we'd all go, hey, sure.
  I think we'd all be very excited.
  This is like Carson gave the nod.
  Mickey wasn't in any of the other years, but he's like the big reveal.
  This is like the after the credits Nick Fury scene.
  People are worked up in a lather at this point from the show.
  If they're going to get even a little bit more of a piece of fun, which is Mickey,  they're going to lose their minds.
  So that's why that guy yelled, oh my god.
  He was so jacked.
  And then Mickey danced.
  And then Mickey danced and then that's it.
  That was the end of 2013.
  And the end of the hyperspace hoopla.
  Rest in peace.
  Hyperspace hoopla for now at least.
  But I think we all independently, we did not agree to do this.
  No, we knew this.
  I'm glad nobody was left out.
  I cannot wait.
  Yeah, we did not.
  We did not say, hey, we better have some pitches for future hyperspace hoopla.
  But obviously.
  Yeah.
  So I just wrote it in my notes as 2019 hyperspace hoopla.
  I think most of mine would work with that.
  I was a little more evergreen with my piece.
  Okay, sure.
  Yeah, well, you know, everybody throw them in as you see fit.
  I mean, this isn't like, not to start just with like one we can just agree on.
  And it's not the most clever thing, but the Billie Eilish, the bad guy, you know, Captain  Phasma that works with a lot of people.
  That's an easy one to plug villainess into.
  Sure.
  I'm going to start big here.
  Somebody's playing Princess Leia, General Leia.
  And obviously two stagehands come out, hook wires to her.
  She flies across the stage as a medley of Fiverr Fighting Superman  and three doors down Kryptonite plays.
  And she supermans around the stage like she does in Last Jedi.
  I mean, that's going to bring down the house.
  That's great.
  Sure.
  I went more 2019, like top 40.
  Rey comes out with Finn and Poe and she's like pushing each one away to thank you next.
  It's the Ariana Grande song.
  Thank you.
  Well, I also have a thank you next, but it's with Kathleen Kennedy and all the directors.
  Oh, that's good.
  That's good.
  I want to go a little more off the beaten track for the indie rock crowd.
  Rose Tico and her late sister come out and dance to a Hame song.
  Maybe I want you back.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  That's really morbid.
  This one is dead.
  Jesus.
  Oh, I didn't even think I was.
  She was a bar.
  What's the one?  That's going to be sad.
  I guess.
  Some of them are bittersweet.
  The we are young at the end.
  Anakin essentially kills Padme and they dance to like womanizer.
  She dies of a broken heart.
  Yeah.
 And who caused that?  That's true.
  But also maybe she just had a weak heart.
  You don't know.
  She might have had a condition before.
  They just are also by the way, the doctor at the end of the prequels are just like,  yeah, she died of a broken heart or he's like, she just didn't want to live anymore.
  And they're like, oh, okay.
  Like if that happened now, wouldn't you be like, wait a minute.
  That's what happened to R2D2 in Force Awakens.
  That is what happened.
  He's too sad to do funny things in this movie.
  Let me bring it to some some park stuff, some Galaxy's Edge stuff.
  Oh yeah.
  Hondo? Any Hondo?  I don't.
  You know, I don't have a Hondo idea, but actually I don't even know what character to put this with.
  But you got to do a Lizzo and they blame it on Moof Juice.
  I think that we have to get the Podraisers involved.
  We have to get Team Topagaly's involved.
  Juan Sandage, Subulba, Little Anakin.
  We got to have a child break dancer and they can do a little bit of a medley of like cake,  the distance, Highway to the Danger Zone.
  Let's like, let's, you know, we can really any road song, Highway 61 by Bob Dylan.
  You got to go for the kit.
  So let's update the Run DMC reference.
  Let's have Finn and Poe do Run the Jewels.
  Okay.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Absolutely.
  I don't know what song it is, but you get, you know, you, oh, this is a, this could just be with  with actual ships.
  It's actual ships and they come out like, but you'd have to build costumes of the ships and  they're or the planes and they're wearing, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the,  you know, like wig, like curly wigs and tassel jackets.
  And then you come out and you call them Rebel Van Fleet.
  Nice.
  Hell yeah.
  I like that.
  That's good.
  Ray and Kylo, Fix You by Coldplay.
  Ray wants to fix.
  That's their, that's their like song of, you know what, was it, was this, did these years not line  up? How did they not do somebody I used to know?  That's like a guy.
  That is shocking.
  I didn't see it, but maybe we missed that, but I didn't see it.
  My one for that slot.
  That's also the Weiger of Batman.
  I used to know.
  A bad, the other one Batman.
  I used to know.
  Yeah.
  Vader and Padme do Shape of You by Ed Sheeran.
  Sure.
  Oh, you know, isn't there the current like, wait, is that what's the Kamiya?  The Kamiya Kabeo song.
  Yeah, I forget.
  There's a duet right now.
  Yes.
  That'd be the one I'm saying.
  Like her boyfriend, not boyfriend.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I just learned.
  Han and Kylo, First Cut is the deepest.
  That's good.
  That's a good reference.
  You're sticking with early 2000s with the.
  Yeah, it's the cover of First Cut is the deepest.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  What about our most important 2019 musical dance sensation,  General Leia and Admiral Hodo do the Mayor Pete dance.
  I think she was about fucking civility and thinking things through and all that.
  Sure, yeah.
  Bob Iger and George Lucas, Sorry by Justin Bieber.
  George Lucas, of course, famously upset that Bob Iger threw his outlines out that they,  he felt betrayed by Bob Iger and Disney after he sold to them.
  So Justin Bieber's, is it too late now to say sorry?  Ivan Iger, Iger and Kathleen Kennedy do Big Banks Hate Lil Banks.
  What is that song?  Big Banks Hate Lil Banks.
  Big Banks Hate Lil Banks.
  This is a radio sensation.
  Really?  Yeah.
  Jason knows the cool stuff.
  So young.
  Jason's so young.
  This one's omnipresent.
  Let me dovetail it into, if you had three younger versions of Hondo Anaka,  like the Onakas brothers and they do Smuggler instead of Sucker.
  That's good.
  That's good.
  I like that.
  Yep.
  Dexter Jettster, Arlo Guthrie's Alice's Restaurant.
  So that's a 19 minute.
  19 minute Dexter Jettster, Arlo Guthrie's Alice's Restaurant.
  I gotta say, me and my nerd friends in high school thought that song was very funny.
  I've always been befuddled by that song.
  Look it up everyone.
  I'm sure everyone will listen to it.
  I think I've avoided it actively.
  Yes.
  A bunch of rebel pilots do whatever it takes by Imagine Dragons.
  If you want to get the song Circles in, I'm just all about amending these names.
  You do this song Circles with Post Mandalorian.
  That's good.
  You're doing more dialogue stuff too.
  I mean I want to give Oopla stuff to do.
  There's probably R.
 Kelly obviously is a monster, but Ignition, maybe like when they,  like we're the spark that'll ignite the fire in the alliance.
  Firework?  Oh then Firework.
  Yeah.
  Maybe that's Firework.
  That's gotta be in there somewhere.
  Portugal the man, feel it still, parentheses rebel just for kicks.
  Oh rebel just for kicks man.
  Oh that's what that's.
  How is that not?  Oh that's good.
  It's a bunch of rebel people.
  That's good.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I have one.
  This is a bring down the house.
  It's Chewie and Maz Kanata usher make love in this club.
  That's good.
  Because Maz Kanata is horny for Chewbacca.
  Oh yeah.
  So there's going to be like they're on stage together and then that starts playing and  it's very, people whoop and holler.
  Do you think they'll consummate in this, in episode nine?  JJ has promised a lot of storylines being wrapped up.
  So I do think we will see Chewie and Maz Kanata.
  Yeah.
  In the first Star Wars sex scene ever.
  I've got two, I'm stuck, I'm really stuck.
  Sure.
  This is for obviously for the Mandalorian and Baby Yoda.
  Yeah we don't got Baby Yoda covered yet.
  The given, the big crowd pleaser would be Old Town Road.
  Ah yeah sure.
  But I think the better song.
  When they're like on the road.
  They're on the road.
  They're sort of not, they're like a surprising match.
  That's why I think the better song though is Kenny Chesney's Get Along.
  Because the first lyrics get along, get along, get along.
  We got a long, long way to go.
  And so I feel like.
  But is that going to bring down the house?  I think that.
  Old Town Road is very big.
  Old Town Road I think is probably the bigger.
  And there's probably some intermingling of Baby Yoda and Baby Shark.
  Oh yeah.
  Yes.
  I'm not sure what it is.
  I think you can give Baby Yoda multiple things to do.
  In fact alternate version, it could be the the Yodas Brothers.
  And he wants to suffer like a pacifier.
  That's good.
  Yeah Old Town Road have to be in.
  I think that's the closer.
  It's good to know what you're building too.
  It's definitely the closer.
  Yeah do you have any?  I'm out of my.
  I think I'm out.
  Yeah.
  I mean I was very satisfied.
  That was a real pleasure to come up with new ones.
  I would love to be take some meetings and be involved in bringing this back.
  Take some meetings.
  Take some meetings.
  Well as Star Wars is allowed to be fun again, yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's time.
  I mean that they have to know also that that Old Town Road lip sync.
  You're talking 12 million views on YouTube.
  Yeah.
  I mean they want, they're looking for things to absorb crowds and move crowds elsewhere.
  So I understand maybe it's not, it doesn't like Star Wars is only in Disneyland,  but move put this somewhere else you know.
  Why not?  Like tour it.
  Yeah do 12 nights at the Stable Center.
  Yeah.
  They do Disney on ice.
  Hyperspace Hoopla on ice.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Yeah you maybe kind of limit.
  Some of those things are hard to do.
  Yeah that's true.
  Although we watched, I guess we watched ice skaters do Gangnam Style at Knott's Berry  for a long time ago.
  Do a club.
  The step is hard but.
  Snoopy on ice skates did Gangnam Style.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So if he can do it.
  If he can do it.
  Well maybe you're right.
  Maybe it's a club tour.
  Maybe it's just a smaller venue.
  More intimate.
  Intimate.
  You get involved.
  Largo.
  It's a Largo show.
  Yeah it's a Largo acoustic show.
  You know it's just John Mayer and a guitar.
  It's not John Mayer and Dead and Friends.
  You know.
  Amy Mann is there.
  Yeah.
  Paul F.
 Tompkins.
  Sure.
  Everybody would want to.
  And Kit Fisko.
  It's Amy Mann, Paul F.
 Tompkins, Kit Fisko.
  John Bryan.
  John Bryan.
  A surprise appearance from John Bryan.
  Yeah.
  No way.
  Look this has to come back.
  So please if you work in Disney just please.
  Yeah we can scale.
  We've proved we can scale it for any venue.
  Yeah we'll make it work for whoever wants it.
  And whichever characters.
  Doesn't matter.
  Great.
  Well so we'll see you in 2020.
  This is a good like sort of let's like plant this seed and then hopefully  at the end of the year we're I don't know when the weekends happen.
  I say the end of 2020.
  I don't know.
  When is Star Wars weekends?  I don't know if they're doing it anymore though.
  Oh really?  I thought they were.
  All things done?  No they have like a whole little.
  I'm pretty sure.
  It's just different.
  What's that convention they do?  Oh well that's just like their Star Wars D23 thing.
  Yeah.
  Star Wars weekends.
  Yeah I guess I guess they sort of they do a different thing.
  I don't think they call it Star Wars weekends anymore but it's they still do like a fan thing.
  Whenever it is just when we're like you know so in the thick of it and like running like okay  we got to do it again okay Yoda Mandalorian back on her ones and we're stressed out about it and  then I'll turn to you guys and go remember when this was now the stress is eating us alive but  this was like what we dreamed of months ago on the podcast and now we're here.
  We're on the big stage and we're doing it.
  You have to reset our thinking about it.
  Got the rancor in the back.
  Lanspeeder is attached.
  Jason has a figure in Dan head that he's about to put on  because he's about to play figure in Dan.
  Yeah.
  He's getting his legs warmed up.
  Lando and L3-37 are gearing up for their romantic duet and they and like yeah like they're  they're practicing like getting all up on each other and we're going like we made this happen.
  Yeah all of me right.
  The Leia thing too with the wire work I was thinking was going to be kind of a slower thing  so she could do Cirque du Soleil stuff while she's up in the air flying.
  Oh that's good Superman.
  Yeah.
  So yeah.
  Great.
  Anyway.
  We'll be there.
  We'll see you there.
  Wave to us.
  Yeah hey keep keep listening to we got we got a little more coming this month for  podcast read the second gate stay tuned lots of fun coming in 2020.
  That'll do it.
  And enjoy your new year doing the Harlem Shake.
  As you do every year.
  As I do every day.
  Or right at midnight we do the Harlem.
  I would like to promise the listener that I will try to find a video of you doing Gangnam Style  because I have it I have a video of it from you you started doing it like three years after it was  out so I will try to find it and post it for the news.
  I was like well this is how it goes and you're like that's not what it looks like.
  I was like no this is how you do it.
  I'll try to find it I think I have it somewhere.
  All right goodbye.
  Bye bye.
  you