 Five, four, three, two, one.
  You go for it there.
  All right, fans up.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate.
  My name is Mike Carlson.
  Joining me as always, Skipper Jason Sheridan.
  It fins up.
  And Skipper Scott Gertner.
  I just got the same one.
  Two skippers on this journey.
  Fins up.
  Only one captain, you are the captain now.
  I am, this was a whole confusing thing  about what a skipper and a captain are.
  Didn't we, do we talk about this already?  I believe we talked, yeah.
  And then we kind of found an answer  where it's like the skipper.
  Skipper steers, skipper mans the wheel.
  Right, and the captain just tells him what to do, I guess?  I think so, yes.
  I might be wrong, anyway.
  The skipper yells at the guy in the funny hat.
  He hits.
  Sweater.
  Skipper hits the captain with his hat.
  Yeah.
  That's the whole thing.
  Is Gilligan the captain?  That's what, I think that's what we were talking about.
  And I think we've already forgotten what we like learned.
  I think Gilligan is the captain.
  I don't think.
  No, he's the first, he's the first mayor.
  I don't think maritime hierarchy  was really well enforced on that three hour tour.
  No, I don't think so.
  But it was just.
  That was the problem.
  Had there been a solid captain,  they never would have been in that scenario.
  There were only two crew members on the minnow though  in Gilligan's Island, yes.
  Two crew members of Gilligan.
  I guess I think that was the full staff.
  Was there a captain who died?  I don't think anyone died on Gilligan's Island.
  No, but before they got there.
  Oh, off screen?  During the crash, yeah, or whatever.
  And they just.
  Don't mention him in the opening theme.
  Let's never bring this up again.
  The dead captain.
  The navigator.
  Or the corpse of.
  The navigator.
  The bubbler.
  They're all dead.
  Did I ever tell the story,  I knew someone who worked in entertainment  on a cruise line when they were younger  and she told me facts about like,  well, the Lido deck, the entertainment people  and even some of the performers,  because they're like good with crowds  and good at communicating,  they are the ones who get in charge of the lifeboats.
  When everyone is put on a lifeboat,  they become the one in charge.
  And by the rules of the ocean,  you have to listen to them.
  And also every lifeboat has a gun on it.
  And so your Lido deck person doing the limbo contest  is trained how to use a firearm  should there be a mutiny in a lifeboat, potentially.
  This was the long and short of it she gave me.
  Oh my God.
  So like a singing impressionist on a cruise  is potentially doing voices.
  He'll do William Shatter  and then he'll shoot you in your head.
  Settle down.
  Christopher Walken.
  The skipper is the captain.
  What?  That's what it says.
  Or at least Jonas Grumby, the skipper on Gillings Island,  which is his name.
 His name is Jonas Grumby.
  Jonas Grumby, played by Alan Hale Jr.
  The skipper was the owner and captain of the SS Minnow.
  And he owned the boat.
  He owned the boat.
  So once back on land,  he has to go through a Sully-esque trial  about like other options he could have taken.
  Yeah.
  Or maybe wait, no, because if he's the owner,  then he's not subjected to that.
  Had there been a different boat ownership company.
  That's what you avoid by buying the boat yourself.
  Yes.
  You never want to own the boat.
  You never finance your own movie.
  You never own your own boat.
  Do you know Gilligan's first name?  I didn't.
  Vince.
  No, Willie Gilligan.
  Gilligan is the last name?  Yeah.
  I don't think that ever occurred to me.
  I thought it was like Gilligan Gooffeather.
  Yeah, Gilligan Beckett or something.
  Gilligan served in the United States Navy  with Jonas Grumby during an unspecified war  and saved him from being struck and killed  by a runaway depth charge.
  Wait, so what war would it have been?  We're in the 60s?  I guess World War II or Korea.
  Korea?  I think Korea.
  Did they know, wait, no, they don't know MASH.
  MASH is a different, that's not Navy.
  Yeah, no.
  That was not a crossover.
  No.
  That would not have been a good taste.
  But they would respect each other if they met.
  So Gilligan was the first mate  and the skipper was the captain, the skipper.
  Even though it was Gilligan's island,  he was not the captain.
  I'm not sure they ever called it Gilligan's island.
  Right.
  That's just what we know it as.
  It's been Grumby's island.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I like that.
  He loved the skipper.
  I prefer it in the same, I'll always,  I really think of it as revenge of the Jedi  and I really think of it as Grumby's island.
  I'm a purist.
  The Star Wars made a lot of merch  that said revenge of the Jedi as well  because they've just tried to make as much stuff.
  So there's like revenge of the Jedi figures  that maybe had like alternative costumes  that might've been in the movie or whatever.
  There should be Grumby's island merch.
  I would have a poster that would be Grumby's island  released only in France.
  I don't know if, I don't know.
  Anticipation was so high for Grumby's island.
  This episode, by the way, is all about  going against island, obviously.
  Yeah, yep, you figured it out.
  A show I've never seen a full episode of.
  Literally.
  I would catch it on Nick at night sometimes.
  I've seen pieces of it,  but I don't think I've ever watched a full one.
  Certainly on the Jaws episode,  I assume we talked about when the Harlem Globetrotters,  yeah, the Harlem Globetrotters meet,  go to Gillings Island when they throw a bunch of basketballs  into Jaws' mouth.
  That's my main familiarity.
  And then I think there's a big basketball game  on the island.
  But yeah, I'm more familiar with that than the show,  I guess.
  But I don't know how I,  cause I, you know, I'm like a,  I was like a Brady Bunch loving kid,  you know, when I was like nine.
  And like, I've been like a kitsch guy my whole life.
  How did I not know Jonas Grumby?  That's amazing.
  I didn't know that till now.
  Or Willie Gilligan.
  Did you know Willie Gilligan?  No, I didn't know that either.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I'm just less obsessed with that  cause it's not as,  It's not as funny.
  Delightful as the name of Jonas Grumby was the skipper.
  No one ever called him that.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I've never seen the show.
  So maybe they did call him that every episode  and I don't know.
  This is an uncle Joey scenario.
  With the argument we've had about,  did anyone call Joey Gladstone uncle Joey?  Right.
  Cause he's not an uncle.
  If you know that, if did anybody call,  well, it's gotta, if we know that name  and somebody must have called him Jonas Grumby,  but with like the, you know,  would Ginger ever casually call him Jonas?  Right.
  Let us know.
  There's gotta be something.
  I forget that we said any of this and we'll go,  why is someone telling us this?  In a year we'll have the same conversation  about the skipper.
  Probably.
  And was he the captain?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  What episode,  if you know what episode we talked about this already,  please let us know.
  Are you sure we did or was this just in life in conversation?  It's all one now.
  It's all a blur.
  Who knows?  Was it content or was it our off time?  There's no way to know.
  Just doing content for free.
  None of that is what we are actually talking about today.
  What we're talking about is Margaritaville Resort Orlando,  which you know from the file name,  but why are we talking about this?  You know, again, things we've talked about a number of times,  but to reacquaint everybody with the tail,  sit right back and you'll hear a tale.
  How did this all play out?  Mike, a long time, Jimmy Buffett, obsessive,  a rare Jimmy Buffett fan under the age of 55.
  You made a swear of all this,  this Buffett culture insanity.
  Yes.
  And specifically that they're opening a hotel  and timeshare community in Orlando.
  Resort, can they call it a resort?  Mixed use was the term I saw thrown around a lot.
  Oh sure.
  Okay.
  So there is like a main hotel building  with restaurants and bars and stuff,  but then there's a bunch of cottages that you can rent,  thus making it kind of a bigger campus.
  Thus there being a lot of street names  and official street names that had to be figured out.
  Approved by a city, like it's a real.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Real city streets.
  So at some point, you must've been on an email list.
  Yeah, I've just done the general, you know,  Margaritaville fans email list, I assume.
  I don't think it was anything special.
  And there was an email that was,  they were inviting fans to name,  help name the streets at this new resort,  this mixed use place.
  Yeah.
  And ultimately you go, now that you look around there,  I feel like there's like probably  only like nine streets all told.
  I kind of figured it was going to be so sprawling.
  Yeah.
  That they needed a giant amount,  which is why we sent the giant amount.
  In a event that presaged the podcast.
  Yes.
  The three of us.
 By year two?  Yeah, over a year.
  The three of us and Anthony Geo,  eerily that is the group.
  Yes.
  All coming up with together 100  Jimmy Buffett related street names  to send to this, this email person  that probably never anticipated,  that maybe anticipated getting like three or four ideas  from a couple of people.
  Yes, did not expect 100 I don't think,  but never like at least had a poker face about being shocked  if they were shocked at the amount.
  And let's just say what we knew of this resort then  was very blue sky.
  It seems like it was going to be very grand.
  Yeah.
 Wonderful concept.
  Wonderful concept.
  And it also seemed like it was going to be very finished.
  Which maybe it will.
  Which maybe it will.
  There's still, there's still,  there's still working on it,  which is very clear when you go there.
  But yeah, I, you know, honestly,  and then, you know, so this is in Orlando  and it's not that far from Disney world.
  So I thought, you know, like we start this podcast,  we've had this obsession with this Margaritaville resort.
  I knew it, it seemed inevitable that we'd all be  at Disney world together at some point in time.
  I think my picture of it was always that  we would all rent a cottage together and be hanging out.
  And that that would be the grandest week we ever had.
  The combo of Disney world and Universal  and that we're in this crazy, nice, luxurious resort  and keeping prices low by all splitting this fun party house.
  I think that's what I imagined we would end up doing.
  It didn't happen.
 I hate to go back.
  Should we do a little,  should we say a little of the names that we submitted?  I mean, we've certainly done this and tweeted it,  but feel free.
  No, I know.
  Try to say ones you don't think we've said before.
  It's a good reminder, some good callbacks.
  I just found the email thread and they,  I think I've said a little of this before,  but they, you know, they're giving you the,  you name it, Jimmy Buffett related things.
  And then say like Alley Bay Boulevard Circle.
  So just a few of them.
  Again, we won't do all of them.
  Cajun Court, Damp Ramp, Rumba Ridge.
  I think these are all yours.
  Yours were at the end.
  Winkin' Whale Way.
  Was that me?  I forget.
  I don't think that's me.
  Boogie Board Bend, Five O'clock Cove,  Steel Drum Summit, Tailgate Turnpike.
  These are all by the way.
  I think we all wanted to not,  we wanted to slip a couple weirder ones in,  but we wanted a good shot at getting an actual street.
  There's some broad ones in there.
  A lot.
  And my, the one I like the best that I submitted  is Marshall Park named after Jimmy,  and I wrote after Jimmy's friend,  movie producer, Frank Marshall,  which that did not happen, but.
  Skip and Work Circle, Tomcat Trail,  Moonshine Alley, Jerk Circle.
  Or no, my favorite of yours, Scott,  was Short Street, I remember.
  Short Street.
  Anyway, and then David wrote back,  awesome list, Mike, really appreciate your creativity  and time to put this together.
  I will keep you posted on the results.
  He thinks you're one guy too, right?  Yeah, I mean, I did not want to like take credit.
  I guess I did take credit for all of it,  but I don't want to be like my three friends and I.
  You're trying to be like Tyler Perry saying,  you don't have a writer's room.
  I guess that is what's gonna happen.
  That's what I'm doing now.
  But sure enough.
  Do you want me to email David Hurst back right now  and explain that it was not just me?  No, no, I'm just saying his perception.
  Oh, I see, I see, yeah.
  He just receives like a hundred from one man.
  Right.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I mean, I think.
  So he's on eggshells because like this is a crazy man.
  Yeah, I think my idea was it was funnier.
  Even if I just was like.
 It is, yeah.
  Yeah, because I wasn't, yeah.
  No, I agree with that.
  Look, we're getting plenty of credit here  with our audience.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  We're getting it.
  Now, what I think you should do with this person  is email him and say, hey, we got to go down there.
  We loved it.
  We walked around and we're so excited  that you used one of our names  and see if you get an acknowledgement.
  That's, I think, the missing component.
  We should have congratulated ourselves  and said, you're welcome or because,  and we've covered all this on the main feed  at some point in time,  but in that list of a hundred, they did use one.
  And that name is Dreamsicle Drive.
  Yes, and it is one of his, Jimmy's songs is,  he has a song called Dreamsicle.
  But I'm just saying, well, I'm taking credit for it,  but also maybe someone else submitted it.
  I shouldn't even think that.
  It's crossed my mind.
  It's occurred to me that maybe that was like one  that was already on the list or somebody else submitted it,  but I think we can't go there.
  I think we have to operate from.
 We did it, we got it.
  We named a street in America.
  There's only so many of those.
  It's such a huge honor.
  We're not asking for a lot.
  I don't think we're asking.
  I don't think it's unreasonable.
  I realize now, David, the last email I sent David,  he didn't respond.
  He does not work for this company.
  He has already gotten out of there.
  I said, so after this and like four months later,  I said, hey, David, just following up,  how did the naming go?  And he said, Mike, we submitted over 50 names  to the county for approval.
  Oh, once we finalize our site plan,  we will assign names to streets probably late this summer.
  This is 2016.
  Have a great holiday weekend.
  We have to know what,  I want to know what that list of 50 was.
  We must've had more on there.
  We must've like really helped flesh out that 50.
  I mean, surely the county would not have taken along  with moonshine in it or jerk in it.
  Yeah, when I submitted Drink and Drive,  which doesn't seem like they would like name a street,  but I wanted to see if I could sneak it in.
  May 27th, 2016, then I emailed David March 27th, 2018.
  And I say, hey there, David,  just wondering if the final streets were,  or the street names were ever finalized.
  Thanks, no response.
  Now he may have sniffed out by this point,  we are not, or you are not a person  who's going to buy property at this resort.
  Well, that's another good point  because I kept getting emails  from a different email address.
  You got the perspective.
  Asking me.
  Perspectives.
  If I wanted to put a hundred grand down  to buy one of these places.
  Mm-hmm.
  And I did not put a hundred grand down.
  Do I regret it?  No.
  Did I ever explain to you guys how  I was always pitching the idea to our friend,  had not been on the show,  but our constant and real life friend, Andrew Grissom,  that I was saying like,  and I think like, you know,  what could be cool is we all go in  on this Margaritaville cottage,  and like, don't you think that'd be fun?  And he was really cross about it.
  Like, no, why would I do that?  Like, why would you not want to like,  go hang out at a time,  like we're going to go to Florida  and all live in a house together?  And he, we had several of these conversations  before I realized he thought I meant  we were all going to buy it together.
  Oh.
  Because he was so cross.
  It's like, what?  We're going to go to a house that has like a hot tub  and we're all going to hang out and get drunk.
  He thought you were doing an actual  Yeah.
  Time share presentation.
  Yeah.
  He was.
  Which he's correct if that's what he thought.
  If me suggesting that seven adults  all buy a Florida time share together  in equal, but that is a terrible plan.
  He was mad.
  I, he wasn't mad at me,  but I believe I threw it out to him  to name some streets and he refused.
  Man of principle.
  Man of principle.
  I'm pretty sure it's not a joke.
  I think he was the only other person I asked,  like, hey, you know, we're naming some streets  if you want to get in on this.
  And I think he was,  I think he didn't know what I was talking about.
  And thus he's never appeared on the podcast.
  That's right.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  We had to have gotten in on this.
  Before you committed, have been on,  have logged now logged the hours.
  January 2016.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  No.
  Yeah.
  Could scarcely have dreamed of what was to come  this entire podcast and that we would successfully  name a street and then that we would all  get to go there together.
  As you listeners know,  we were all in Orlando together in October  and thus we were afforded the opportunity  to go not by they would invite us or anything.
  No, it was like, well, we certainly have to go  and see Dreamsicle Drive for ourselves.
  So we took time out of a kind of tight week  in which we were trying to spend, you know,  in fun theme parks.
  We carved out a couple hours  to make sure we stopped by the Margaritaville resort.
  We took a lift.
  We all shared a lift.
  Mike, you brought this up in the live show in Orlando,  but there was the very funny detail  that the driver as we're pulling in is like,  hmm, what's all this?  I've never been here before.
  I've never been here before.
  I've never taken anyone here.
  What's this about?  And like these Orlando drivers,  Lyft Uber, whatever, probably taxi,  like they know everything so well.
  That is something you know,  cause it's such a tourist place.
  Sometimes in Los Angeles,  I think so many people have just started driving.
  Sometimes people, I feel like I'm in a Lyft Uber in LA,  they don't necessarily know this place  and it's obviously packed.
  It's got so much stuff.
  Orlando, nine times out of 10,  when you're in those cars, people know everything.
  They know all the hotels.
  There's so many hotels.
  And they're like, oh, you're going to the Marriott Village,  you're not going to the Marriott Plaza.
  Okay, got it.
  And they're retired cast members.
  They're other like, they know everything.
  Yeah, and he had never,  he had never been there.
  He had never taken anyone there for any reason.
  And it took a while too,  cause we went from Disney Springs  to Margaritaville Resort.
  Margaritaville Resort, close to Animal Kingdom.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Which I now, first of all, let me say, thank God we did not.
  For that, as soon as I saw the distance, I was like,  oh, thank God we didn't stay here  and then try to commute into Disney World.
  The old trip reminded me,  it's like pretty important to be on campus  or exceedingly near campus.
  Yeah.
  Or getting around is going to be a huge pain in the ass.
  Maybe important context to say also,  when did this hotel open?  Was it beginning of 2019?  It's so confusing, the timeline.
  Yeah.
  It seems like 2018.
  They were supposed to be open earlier.
  Yeah, we kept seeing updates and what's up.
  There's a lot of drama behind the scenes.
  Yeah.
  There's at least one lawsuit happening.
  And didn't, now on the way to this,  somebody who we were talking to  to coordinate things for Orlando trip,  didn't somebody say, give us the little info,  it's not going well.
  Well, somebody, yes, somebody told us that  Buffett had pulled out of ownership.
  Wow.
  The actual Margaritaville company  and they were licensing the name.
  They're distancing themselves.
  In a very Trump manner.
  Yes.
  There's a lot of Trump properties that the Trump,  it's just the name stamped on it,  but nobody in the Trump organization operates it.
  Right, so there's still a lot of Buffett stuff,  especially in that hotel, obviously,  but he's not actually involved anymore.
  That's very confusing to me because one thing I learned  is that the presidential suite  is called the Jimmy Buffett suite.
  In the hotel?  Yeah.
  Yeah, that name, that's printed on the outside.
  Well, there's so much stuff inside,  it's like his lyrics and stuff are printed around too.
  And they're selling all the merch.
  Yeah, they're selling the blender  and all the streets are named after his songs.
  Right.
  So this is a weird distinction  that he has nothing to do with it,  but they're licensing, it's a Tokyo Disney situation.
  I think by necessity and not by choice, maybe.
  I can give, okay, a little bit of time.
  So the vlogger Tim Tracker,  who posted the walkthrough where someone spotted  one of the streets.
  That's how we know.
  That's how he named it.
  He did a very thorough,  his video was published on February 5th, 2019.
  And in it, he a few times goes like,  so this isn't open yet.
  Or like this seems, they just took the walls down.
  Like there's a couple of moments like that.
  So that's early 2019.
  We can pin that down.
  Technically open, people can walk around it,  but a lot of stuff not operational.
  So surely by October, they have their shit together, right?  Our-  And remember we named stuff in January, 2016.
  Yeah.
  Long time ago.
  I saw the estimate at this property  in a news article at $750 million.
  Does that sound high?  For like the full comp,  if you think about the full- That's what it cost  to build everything they built?  The full, yeah, building, licensing,  utility, like that's what I saw the estimate at.
  And they also had to probably bulldoze that,  the China-  The Chinese, what?  Not a theme park.
  Like actual China, like physical China sort of stuff.
  Wasn't it?  Yeah.
  I don't remember what- I don't know what that was.
  People kept calling it a park.
  It seemed very-  It seemed like a garden.
  So that's probably what,  like a Chinese gardens kind of situation.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  I think the tin tracker referred to it  as like a roadside attraction.
  The nice way you refer to like ball of,  largest ball of yarn.
  Sure.
  Yes, okay.
  So, yeah, that number doesn't ring true with me,  mainly because of the houses,  but here maybe that's okay.
  So let's get to this moment where,  so we land and I was going through my videos and photos  and there's a video where the driver says,  so wait, where do you want me to drop you off?  And I very pointedly say,  oh, right here on Dreamsicle Drive.
  It was really the hammiest I could do it.
  We didn't tell him though, right?  We weren't, we didn't try to confuse him by saying,  we made the street.
  No, yeah, I think that would have been  exceedingly confusing.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We also like, there's a gate,  there was a gate and we're like,  I was like, okay, what lie do we say?  What lie do we-  And he just went, drop it off.
  And they were like, okay.
  And that was all they took.
  The only thing that might've been weird is that again,  no one had ever been dropped off there before.
  No one has dropped off.
  That's never happened.
  No one gets out of here.
  No one gets out of here alive.
  Shet, bail, dive out of the car windows.
  In that same video, Jason, you say,  oh, we're meeting somebody.
  You like jam in, you get the excuse in to the driver.
  You were so anxious even before this started.
  I will say- I think I was right.
  I don't know why, this place made me very,  the hotel was fine.
  We didn't get attacked by ghosts though.
  We were just saying-  No, but just the, it is rare you go to Orlando,  a place notable for its crowds.
  And it's just empty.
  This was so empty.
  And I think that and the combination that for a while,  we were just standing on a street corner,  like in the eyeline of the guard shack,  of like the secondary entrance to the property.
  And every time I would look over,  they would be looking at us.
  And I'm like, oh my God.
  You saw guards looking at us?  Yeah, you guys didn't notice that?  No.
  Like across the street, there was a different,  there was the side entrance to the property  and there was a gate.
  When we were at Dreamsicle Drive?  Yeah, and people kept coming out  and like looking right at us.
  I did not notice that whatsoever.
  Okay.
  So that might change the context.
  I think that may have like,  I had been like, oh God, are we gonna get lost?  Are we gonna?  Just cause it just felt like,  you know how when you wanna be at Disney World,  time goes so fast and you're like,  I wish you could just move slower.
  This was the place in Orlando where it felt like  time was moving very slowly to me.
  And I think our show was that night too, right?  Our show was that night and I was like,  oh God, we gotta get back up I-4 to my hotel  to work on the show and then get to the hotel.
  Sure.
  So I'm always a little like anxious before I perform.
  I'm always a little like in like show mode days anyway.
  You don't feel like walking around  in a mostly abandoned timeshare community.
  Well, and I had such a nice time with you guys  at Disney Springs, like we had such a,  Disney Springs is so nice and I had such a nice time  even though I walked out of the restaurant  without my credit card.
  Oh yes, you were chased down.
  That's right.
  I was just so, it's such a high.
  And then like, we're just driving.
  We ate at the boathouse.
  And then we were just driving forever  and then we'd just show up at like  an empty housing development.
  And I was like, oh no, like highest highs, lowest lows.
  And I think I-  Kicked down to the, yeah.
  You wanted, it was just like you had not,  I had not seen you that anxious all trip.
  You wanted to leave immediately  and you kept saying like, I'm freaked out.
  This is freaking me out.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I did not see the guards either but-  Bad energy, like just a bad vibes from that place.
  Did you think though, maybe the guards were just like,  oh, I've never seen somebody on that street before.
  Like, huh?  Wow, a person.
  There's a couple of people over there, huh?  Are they still there?  Yeah, they are.
  Certainly we weren't doing anything wrong.
  There was no trespassing occurring.
  That was the vibe I got from you, Jason.
  I thought you were, I thought you,  you seemed very much operating from  we're doing something wrong, which we were not.
  We're walking around a resort where anyone can go.
  Well, kind of.
  I think the hotel is more public property than like the,  But there's never like a,  there's never like a, who are you here to see?  That's true.
  That's what makes it different.
  I had a relative at the place Leisure World  in Orange County, he has a check-in station,  like, okay, give us the name.
  And it's not that scenario.
  So that to me indicates it's fine.
  Anybody can go there.
  I think it took me a while to process like,  oh, they don't have their shit together finishing this.
  They surely wouldn't have their shit together  for operational security.
  But I think anywhere, I think any like resort  that has a bunch of like villas and stuff,  I think you can go to.
  I don't think that's a problem at all.
  I have, I certainly have your good boy instinct of like,  oh, we're gonna get in trouble.
  But if it's for the podcast now,  I do, my brain overrides that by saying,  it would be maybe the funniest, greatest thing of all time  if we were kicked out of the Margaritaville Resort.
  That would be the greatest.
  I guess that's true.
  You're a little more, yeah, you're a little more.
  But I'm not, I'm saying I have that instinct,  but then I go, man, wouldn't this be great  if the security comes over and I don't,  what would they even do?  I mean, obviously like, hopefully they don't kill us,  but they shouldn't kill us.
  They shouldn't kill us, but you never know  if they call Florida cops, you never know.
  And even killing us is in the picture for you.
  I wasn't saying they were gonna kill us.
  I didn't say they were gonna kill us.
  I wasn't worried they were.
  There was no problem here whatsoever.
  I'm just saying, wouldn't it be funny  if we ended up in the Margaritaville jail or something?  Like that would be great.
  That would be so funny.
  A laid back jail with pastel colors.
  Yeah, with Jimmy Buffett lyrics on the wall.
  Little umbrellas stuck to the bars.
  Yeah.
  I mean, you also, just the fear of the unknown.
  You don't know the people who closed quickly  and set up shop at the villas.
  Like you don't know what you're getting from that.
  Well.
 Those kinds of characters.
  I poo-pooed your they'll kill us thing.
  It is possible there are a number of gun owners in the.
  That's true.
  Margaritaville.
  I don't think they would come out of their balcony  and just fire around.
  But maybe.
  I don't know, maybe.
  You actually have changed my perspective with it.
  They go out on their porch.
  Like.
  Someone's on Instagram live out here.
  There's a.
  Boom.
  There's a gun tapes to that, like Jimmy Buffett style chair.
  They're always hawking out on their balcony.
  They like rip it down and just like nail the three of us.
  Thank God none of us were in hoodies.
  Oh my God.
  Jesus.
  That's too chilling.
  But I, okay.
  So we're.
  We did a little Instagram video that people might have watched.
  Celebrate reveling in a dreamsicle drive.
  Which intersects with several streets.
  Fins up circle.
  Latitude lane.
  And sea plane lane.
  So it covers a lot of ground.
  Now these are called streets,  but they might more accurately be referred to  as parking lots.
  The bulk of this is empty parking spaces.
  That's so much of what we walked through.
  We posted a couple of photos.
  We will post more.
  But this was just,  this was mainly like walking through a giant parking lot  that incidentally happened to have some like children's,  they looked like giant kids play houses  is what these houses look like.
  Yeah.
  They're there.
  What would you, yeah.
  Pastel colors.
  Yeah.
  Basically yellow, blue, orange.
  And I mean the big thing that I noticed  and it's a little better by the hotel.
  Minimal landscaping.
  Like not a lot of greenery.
  Yes.
  There's a lot of like sections  where you just see open swamp land.
  Yeah.
  Open marsh.
  Zero.
  It's definitely not like lakes.
  Portrayed it all the concept art is lakes.
  Yeah.
  It looks like, it's like mining runoff.
  Like it looks like runoff or I don't know.
  It's brown.
  It's very brown water.
  And there's just no privacy in between cottages.
  They're right on top of each other.
  And there's like no trees, no fences.
  It's all like a share.
  If you imagine if 12 houses all have one shared,  thin, narrow backyard.
  That's all like stones instead of grass.
  And then you all have Margaritaville branded jacuzzis.
  Which seem to be entirely industrial plastic.
  Yeah.
  That look like they have Margaritaville advertisements  on this.
  Like they look like shit.
  The Margaritaville jacuzzis look like shit.
  Yeah.
  The whole thing, I get this,  this whole thing was kind of like a perma fire festival.
  Yeah.
  It felt in the way that like all those structures  were like FEMA air drops and sort of falling apart.
  And there's just like a lot of tarps peeling and,  you know, you could see with the right color correction  and aerial shot of this area, it might look like sand,  but you're there in person and you realize,  oh, there's maybe, I might call this dirt.
  I guess a thin line between sand and dirt.
  If like a hurricane, I think I said this  in one of our previous episodes,  a hurricane came, those things are flying away,  it feels like.
  Like those, it feels like they didn't even like  bolt them to the ground.
  There's no stuff.
  Like they just, yeah, set them down on top of the land.
  And there's such rows that I think they would  topple like dominoes.
  If we leaned on one of them.
  I think so.
  Yeah, fall, fallen over.
  Whoops, it's like peewee in the bikes.
  In the whole.
  Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
  And they would go around, yeah, the whole resort would have.
  I think so.
  Next line, next line, next line.
  Like a giant domino rally.
  Which would have been really fun.
  Again, also would look very impressive in an aerial shot,  but would be less, and then we'd get shot, maybe.
  Maybe.
  But maybe we could tequila our way out of it.
  I wish with a fun dance.
  Trying to find a picture, but I can't seem to find it,  of the rubber utility line, hoses,  just sticking out of the ground.
  Oh, that's what those were.
  Yeah, it's a bunch of like black, just loose wires.
  Loose wires, loose gravel, just like, unbuilt lots.
  Unbuilt, like, lots you'd think,  this is a little close to the main building.
  You'd think you would have finished these,  or at least put some temporary plantings, or something.
  It feels, if a plane accidentally lost some fuel,  or some gasoline, while passing by above.
  Oh no.
  And it's sprinkled in the wrong place.
  It might all just like, poof.
  If somebody lights a cigarette in there.
  It might be bad news.
  Or a cigar, because there is a cigar bar in the main hotel.
  I mean, we're making our way.
  We're making our way.
  We're heading over there.
  Chronologically, the way we made it through,  that was the other thing.
  The space felt like, I couldn't tell if we were three miles  from the hotel, or two blocks.
  And I guess it was kind of in between.
  We were probably maybe like, a little under a mile.
  Like, I don't know.
  We were wandering in and out.
  We were at a far point, certainly.
  We were at a far point, but it was closer than it.
  I mean, it's far.
  It does go for a while.
  And there's a bunch of land  that they haven't even started building, seemingly yet.
  I think that's right.
  There's a phase two that may never occur.
  I feel kind of, I don't know.
  I think I also just feel bad for the people  who may have got in on this, thinking it was gonna be like,  this will be our investment,  our vacation home, our tropical paradise.
  And it's like, oh no.
  We love Jimmy Buffett.
  We're gonna be living with a bunch of Jimmy Buffett fans.
  Oh no.
 We're gonna be all drunk  and horny together.
  Lou Perlman Jr.
 took our money  and is in another country now.
  And it's like a key party,  but you don't even need the keys.
  Just like, all the doors are open.
  Just go in, have sex with my wife whenever you want.
  Lift up the side of the whole house, sneak under.
  Sure.
  You don't even have to have the door unlocked.
  All right.
 Pleasure having sex with you.
  You too.
  Bye bye now.
  And yeah, it's very possible.
  People very early were like, holy shit.
  This is, it's not the retirement homes  that Jimmy Buffett is also building and has built.
  That's latitude Margueriteville.
  That is latitude Margueriteville.
  55 and older, I believe.
  Yes.
 This is a different situation.
  This is if you don't need assisted living necessarily.
  Yeah.
 This is a place to spend your last few mobile years.
  Yeah.
 So.
  This is also not a casino, a Margueriteville casino.
  Oh no, there are those.
  Which you probably are safer putting your money there.
  Than.
  Now we definitely, I also,  I definitely have a photo of just a bunch of like  cement blocks, all that are like half formed something,  but they just bailed on it.
  Like, I would get to that later.
  Yeah, whatever.
  There's a really good photo of the two of you,  like under a little shack, sort of dispiritedly pointing  out to a, like to a marsh, to a green tarp fence  that's peeling off.
  What would be interesting is, sorry.
  Oh, go ahead.
  I was just gonna say like the walkways,  when you try to walk like between streets,  there would be a walkway, you know,  like sometimes how you like, it's not the sidewalk,  but there's a walkway between two houses to get  to the other street in between some of the houses.
  Yeah.
  And those felt so unfinished.
  And it did feel like you were trespassing.
  That, yeah, that I wasn't sure like, is this public street  or is this just like a guy getting from his front yard  to his backyard?  Unclear.
  I think that whatever it seemed to indicate that,  cause like, you know, where I grew up in the suburbs,  there would be those types of things that you would walk  from, it wouldn't be a sidewalk around with a street.
  It would just be kind of a little shortcut through houses.
  But the houses would have a nice space in between them.
  So clear, this fence thing.
  And it would be a clear, yeah, fences  and a little walkway to get to the other street.
  You should not buy property somewhere  where it's not clear what is property.
  I don't, it was not like when we were walking through,  it was like our shoulders were hitting both houses,  but it feels like that in my mind.
  Like there's a phrase we haven't even said yet.
  The bike share set up.
  Oh.
  Do we remember that?  Not really.
 No.
  Okay.
  There was multiple bike share stations,  like download the app to unlock this bicycle.
  Right, right.
  And they were all very full.
  Like they all were installed.
  Right.
  And they're like, download the app here to check it out.
  We should have ridden bikes around.
  That would have been fun.
  That would have been fun.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But at this point, the desperation was kicking in  to keep moving and get over to the hotel  where we knew it was safe.
  Now, because I love bizarre decaying places  and abandoned, not that I'm going into,  I don't go into like fully abandoned malls or anything,  but I like when like, oh, this should be full of people  and it is not, this is some weird capitalism.
  Like things like that, I really eat up  the surprise electronics episode coming soon.
  Speaking of, so I'm like, I'm eating all of this up.
  And at some point I said to Jason,  or just to both of you, like,  I think this is my favorite thing of the trip.
  And Jason shot back immediately.
  Oh, fuck you.
  I saw you were teasing me.
  And I was just like.
  When we say that, like I sometimes, you know,  sometimes I'm exaggerating if I'm telling a story about you,  but we are not exaggerating that you were like on edge  this whole time.
  I think like five things hit me at once,  including like feeling bad if people who live there  and like, we're just making fun of their  unfortunate decision.
  But I guess we didn't see any of them.
  So you need to wait for the sun to go down  for the I am legend monsters to come out.
  So.
  There were like two or three places  with cars in the driveway.
  And then there was one person  and they might've just been working on the house.
  I couldn't tell.
  Clear.
  And this is out of it.
  One or two people walking inside somewhere.
  Out of at least 200 houses.
  Something like that, yes.
  Is it, is the total, I think one article headed at 324 units.
  Wow.
  Geez.
  It's also unclear to me,  which of these are functioning as property you own  and what's our time share?  Yeah, I don't know.
  I'm so confused.
  I don't know.
  I don't know what any of this is.
  They could have switched around.
  With the emails that I have been getting  for a long time was buy it.
  Like fully straight up buy it.
  But I think maybe a lot of people buy it and then rent.
  It's like, it's like a big bear scenario.
  It's like cabins that you rent out a lot.
  So probably a lot of these are owned by people  who do not live there, but they throw them up on VRBO.
  Right, yes.
  Yeah, I didn't find any.
  I searched Airbnb for this like map area.
  I didn't find any for this place,  but there's so many resorts.
  Like Airbnb Orlando is insane.
  There's just so many resorts  and so many people just renting out vacation places.
  I saw the things on VRBO because as soon as we  like started seeing some street names, I was like,  okay, well we gotta find out if any of these are.
  So I was like at one point feverishly searching  are there listings yet on VRBO and are any of these  and then our names and like latitude length.
  Fuck, damn it.
  I was so anxious.
  So the revelation, I love that within a 15 minute video  that we just via one zoom in,  we discovered Dreamsicle Drive.
  Now here's a question.
  We kind of breeze past our name.
  Do you think that that street reflected the spirit  of Dreamsicles in any particular way?  First of all, what is a Dreamsicle?  Well, Dreamsicle is a popsicle.
  It's a brand name popsicle.
  It is not his brand name.
  Creamsicle.
 Creamsicle.
  Dreamsicle is a portmanteau of dream and creamsicle.
  Right, I'm saying but Dreamsicle is a real,  wait, say it again.
  Huh? What did you just say?  I said it was a portmanteau.
  It's a creamsicle and dream together, isn't it?  But Dreamsicle is, it's a real.
  Is that at this point someone has the brand of that.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's a, here, hold on, let me find it.
  I should have had this loaded up.
  Can you real quick, Scott, fill me in.
  Is VRBO vacation rental?  Yeah, I think so, yeah.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
  I'm not seeing anything,  I'm not seeing the actual package with it,  but people are referring to this as a Dreamsicle,  which is what you would think a creamsicle,  orange and ice cream.
  Okay, so maybe that's a casual terminology  for the classic orange with the white  coming out of the bottom popsicle.
  But I think one brand has at least called it  a Dreamsicle over the years.
  I see.
  But that's when you hear the song,  Dreamsicle, that's what's conjured to you.
  Yes.
 Got you.
  Yeah.
  I, it was.
  Unless Jimmy made it up.
  I mean, I know the answer,  but did anything on that street make you go,  yep, this is a street that is like a Dreamsicle?  No, and it didn't, I'm trying to think of the lyrics  to Dreamsicle, which I've brought up before.
  We definitely, when this came up before,  you read the lyrics.
 Yeah.
  So let's not read the lyrics again.
  No, we don't have to do that.
  But it's a very casual song.
  He names a lot of food in it.
  As I said on Doughboyz, Jimmy Buffett writes about food  more than Weird Al.
  Dreamsicle, Big Dill Pickle.
  That's a line in the song.
  What a disgusting combination.
  Yeah, awful.
  No, not those, yeah, do you chase a popsicle with a pickle?  Get out of here.
  Yeah.
  The sickle part rung true to me  because I saw a pale rider and a black hood  in the distance.
  Something is coming, the hammer is coming for this place.
  Those weren't security guards.
  No, they weren't security guards at all.
  Pestilence, famine.
  So we keep, as quickly as we can,  make our way out of this neck of the woods.
  We say goodbye to Dreamsicle Drive  and we make our way to the hotel area  and we pass by the pool and the pool is,  as you'd expect out of this, a sprawling pool  and I imagine the Jacuzzi and slide type campus.
  And now we finally see some people.
  There are some people and I don't wanna cast dispersions  on everybody there, but certainly there were  a few specific people there who I saw,  who I would describe as looking like sex traffickers.
  I don't mean to add to the joke,  but it seemed like there was a convention.
  I'm just saying that I'm actually being serious  because I feel like there were itinerary signs.
  Oh, you're not saying sex trafficker convention.
  Maybe though.
  I would, maybe.
  It was called, it was some, you know,  it was probably some like generic name  that's like paradigm holdings ink.
  I'm like, what is this?  Oh, it's a, don't ask anymore,  but it's a sex trafficker name.
  A legitimate business, I know that for sure.
  Concrete or something.
  Headquarters and what?  Headquarters and Little St.
 James.
  Yeah.
  The other Margaritaville Resort  was gonna be built there.
  We're gonna build another one of these down there.
  So, and I also recently, like I stumbled upon,  and this will come up a little more,  I found the YouTube channel  of Margaritaville Resort Orlando that,  and it's a channel like hosted by this young,  like influencer type girl who I looked up  and she hosts all of the things in the Orlando,  the magic at the game, like all the little things  at the games, like we're doing the, you know,  the half court shot or whatever.
  So their promotional material is hosted by like,  you know, like young, excitable millennial kind of girl,  and you look around and there is not that anywhere.
  And if you are that, don't go to this place,  or at least not when this particular convention is in town.
  Also, booking.
com has this room, right,  like rooms at this place right now for like 198, $200.
  I feel like you can probably find something comparable  much closer to attractions.
  Well, how can any hotel justify the prices  when you know only like 40% of it is full?  I mean, cut some deals.
  The hotel, yeah, cut some deals.
  I mean, the hotel felt finished.
  The hotel looked comparable  to other Margaritaville hotels I have seen.
  Well, it had the requisite giant sandal.
  Had the giant sandal and the,  did it have the giant, it had the giant pop top behind it.
  Pop top? It's usually, yeah, step.
  From the song.
 It's a flip flop.
  Fist up, stepped on a pop top, blew out my flip flop.
  What's a pop top though?  The can they used to have.
 A soda little tab.
  When you used to have to pull the whole thing off, yeah.
  And there's that behind the flip flop?  Yes, it's kind of on the floor behind it.
  Let me see my photos here.
 Usually.
  Yeah, they have those statues at all the hotels.
  Like that's the, what did they call it  in the Imagineering story?  The weenie, the big item to draw your eye.
  Yeah, okay.
 Yeah.
  And I know from the YouTube channel that around Christmas,  they put a big Santa hat on it.
  Here's another thing about the YouTube channel.
  Some of the videos that I saw, I was the 14th viewer of.
  There was a video about weddings,  about get married at Margaritaville Resort Orlando.
  I was the third viewer of this video.
  And there's pictures of like husband and wife,  like woman in bridal gown, and they're both like holding  like, you know, bizarre multicolor margaritas together.
  This is not a way to get.
  Very strange.
  Very strange.
  We kind of breezed by it real quick.
  There were a lot of different places in the area  that are like fitness centers  that were all named also after Jimmy's songs.
  There was Finn's Up Fitness and the Saint Somewhere Spa.
  So they still had that stuff there named.
  Those were not open when Tim Trek,  I remember Tim Trek or like banging on the, like.
  Right.
  Oh, is this, all right, nevermind.
  I mean, if you're in Orlando and heading to Orlando  and your goal is to lay low,  full marks for this place, high marks.
  Yeah, and you could also lay low.
  There was like almost no one in the restaurant slash bar  called Euphoria.
  I gave that a good look.
  And I imagine there aren't a ton of people  in the comedy club bonkers with a Z.
  Bonkers with a Z, comedy and cocktails  every Friday and Saturday.
  Doors open at 7 p.
m.
  We were also told it was a cigar bar,  the worst thing in the world.
  Oh my God.
  Especially for people who use their voices  for their profession.
  Their only job is to speak.
  It's to speak.
  And they have to do it in a room full of cigar smoke.
  Full of people with stogies.
  There was the old days, they had to do it.
  This is.
 Oh yeah.
  Yeah, and Jimmy Hoffa did it all the time.
  Yeah.
  But it's a current.
 Rickles did it.
  Yeah.
  He was inhaling the smoke.
  The standards are different now.
  Should I tell the story then about someone telling us  that we should perform at bonkers?  Sure.
  Okay, so we were in that hotel  and they have a Margarita gift shop,  Margaritaville gift shop.
  We walked in on a conversation between the employee  and an older gentleman.
  Yeah.
  And none of us knew exactly what the context was,  but they were just lamenting the fact  that things are changing.
  This country, man, things are changing.
  Who knows what it was about.
  This ain't what it used to be like.
  Like that's what I, my biggest regret of the trip  is not catching the sentence before I know.
  We all, three of us heard it, I think,  and we all were hoping one of us had the key  to exactly what they had been lamenting.
  But, and they weren't doing it in an angry,  they were, well, yep, things are different.
  Things used to be a different way, I guess.
  They didn't keep talking and then say,  well, I'm sure for damn hell,  I'm saying Merry Christmas this year.
  Right.
  I don't care.
  Could have been that, who knows?  So we're walking around.
  I tried to find something to buy that I would use  and I couldn't.
  I bought a visor.
  Yes, yes.
  But now I do now have three Margaritaville visors.
  Well, that's good.
  I'm proud of that.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
  And then I believe, Scott, you left,  you were walking around exploring.
  Yeah, of course.
  And Jason, we were looking at the clearance shirts.
  And I found a design that I actually liked  and I was trying to look for the large.
  And it was like a kind of a minimalist  compared to the average parrot  with a backwards baseball cap and a Margarita.
  And that's like an American flag flowing in the background.
  Like it was a little more tasteful than that.
  Not that I wouldn't wear that parrot shirt,  but I just couldn't.
  It was like, all those shirts are like $35 or something.
  And I was like, I'll buy the parrot shirt for on clearance.
  Half maybe.
  Yeah.
  So I saw, and it was like Margaritaville  and it was a plane.
  And I said to you, just to you.
  Just to me.
  And you said, oh, is this the hemisphere dancer?  Oh boy.
  And we were far, we were far from the cash register.
  We were outside.
  The clearance rack outside to draw you in.
  The cashier overhears what I say  and she gets so excited and leaves the desk  and runs toward us.
  And she says, yes, it is the hemisphere dancer.
  She's so excited.
  She's an older lady.
  She's very, very nice.
  And she's so excited that I know the name hemisphere dancer,  which of course to the listeners who don't know,  is Jimmy Buffett's plane that was shot up  by the Jamaican government.
  Yeah.
  He was not in the plane.
  He was not in the plane.
  He was docked.
  He was docked.
  He was somewhere else.
  And of course he wrote the song,  Jamaica Mistake about that incident.
  Really?  Believe it or not, that's what happened.
  So I think I even,  I can't even remember exactly the details of the conversation.
  I think I said something to her about that whole story  and she knew the whole thing.
  She was way in.
  You had met, you dreamed this person.
  You conjured her from the matrix.
  She was a lifer.
  To be a party to the story.
  All the employees in this building were very friendly,  very, very nice, you know.
  And she wanted to know everything about us.
  I mean, obviously like they're not getting a lot of people  in this gift shop also.
  Are they getting a lot of people that are as young  as two men in their mid thirties?  Probably not.
  We're probably the youngest guys that have ever been in there.
  And she was just like, oh my, who are these guys?  Why we're from Hollywood.
  Why?  So we said, we sort of told, we told it, we were like,  oh yeah, we're doing a show tonight in Orlando.
  We have a podcast.
  It's about themed entertainment.
  We're big Jimmy Buffett fans.
  And she goes, you have to perform at Bonkers.
  It's our, what, the comedy and cigar club?  It's our cigar bar that has comedy on the weekends.
  And she was just like insistent that we,  and I think she was even like,  I'll go find the manager or something,  the manager of Bonkers.
  And we're like, that's okay.
  We'll find an email or whatever.
  Well, it's okay.
  It's all right, thank you so much.
  But she was like, she, yeah, she,  I think a couple of times she was like,  I'll go find the manager of Bonkers to talk,  so you can talk to them about.
  She made a lot of sales that you got,  Scott, you bought something.
  That guy earlier bought something.
  That was a big day.
  That was maybe the biggest day in the history of,  what's, do we know the name of the store?  Oh, I don't.
  I don't have a picture of it.
  You know, Margaritaville Gear.
  Could have been, probably, sounds right.
  So you came out and told us this, told me this.
  And my first thought is, oh my God, that is so funny.
  If we performed, because we like our odd venues.
  We like performing in the Abandoned Sports Authority.
  We could perform at Margaritaville Resort Orlando.
  That's a great idea.
  Then I thought for two more seconds and thought,  no, that's the worst idea.
  With the kind of clientele that we,  with a bunch of cigar chompers,  we're gonna show up at Bonkers and like,  all right, so let's talk about Horizons.
  Now, do you like the farming path or do you like?  And then they would all take their cigars  and just throw them at our foreheads like darts.
  I think we would have to adapt to them.
  So I think we would just do like a Jimmy Buffett cover show.
  We would just perform Jimmy Buffett songs.
  Podcast the Ride live at Bonkers.
  And we would just do like,  Jamaica Mestaca and stuff.
  So just the Sunday through Thursday programming.
  Yeah, right.
  We would just do the same show they do.
  And then in between we would say, you know,  who likes to drink margaritas in here?  And then they would all hoot and holler, I assume.
  And then we would come back.
  Then they would offer us some sort of a residency.
  I think probably what we should do  to really capture their hearts  is to come out at the beginning and say like,  hey, what's up guys?  We're gonna do a little comedy tonight.
  So I hope nobody here is triggered.
  Oh.
 And then they'd all go,  yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Oh, is that Stitch?  Is that Stitch here?  No, I was trying to do like,  braying hogs.
  Oh.
  And then we'd lay out a margarita trough.
  They'd dunk their heads in  and we'd go, good night everybody.
  Wow, that was the best comedy show I ever saw.
  More millennials need to be like those guys.
  You know, I wanna do this.
  I want to do this.
  Let's start building the trough.
  It wouldn't be the only live show we do in Orlando,  but it would be like,  you know, like the late night bonkers slot.
  And you earlier, you just half an hour ago  were saying you don't want to die.
  You were hoping you didn't die on this property.
  Now you wanna do this comedy show there?  We would be the heroes of the thing.
  We would be the heroes of bonkers.
  We weren't gonna like,  we're not gonna like trash them.
  We're just gonna do Jimmy Buffett songs  and tell stories from his life.
  And they would, we would be kings.
  We would be kings of bonkers.
  You were really making the assumption  that every person in the clientele  is an encyclopedic Jimmy Buffett fan.
  That's obviously not true.
  You're making the assumption that anyone is.
  You are.
  There's a lot of people who would say,  big hardcore Jimmy Buffett fan, love Jimmy Buffett.
  Great, name five songs.
  And then they'd run out after three.
  Cheeseburger, Margaritaville,  and then maybe a third if they.
  Sweet Home Alabama.
  Brown Eyed Girl.
  I was gonna do a funny bit  where I try to light a cigar  without like cutting the end off.
  Got like, just kidding fellas.
  Of course you gotta cut the end off.
  You would, yeah, you would be the king.
  You would, they would love it.
  They would, you would be,  they would sign you to an exclusive bonkers deal.
  And you would never do this podcast again  because it was too lucrative to stay at bonkers.
  It's a residency.
  Yeah.
  Jason Sheridan performing every night  at bonkers for five straight years.
  And then he would have permission to be there  because he'd have, they'd give him a luxury condo  on Latitude Lane.
  And as we said.
  Or like, you know, Mustard Place or some shit.
  There's no.
  Who here's got things to say  about their spouse, right ladies, the husband, right fellas.
  Yeah.
  Handful, right?  Handful either way.
  You would, we've said it before.
  There's no place you're more like happy  and healthy than Orlando, Florida.
  Yeah.
  Just saying.
  But there's nowhere he's, I've,  nowhere I've seen him lately that made him as unhappy  as Margaritaville Resort Orlando.
  Other than doing that closeup magic  with that magician at Disney, in downtown Disney.
  That's so, yes.
  That was the only other time he was that anxious.
  It's been some grumpiness.
  So anyway, I'm not, I'm not declaring we're doing it.
  I'm just saying it would be fun.
  Let us know what you think Orlando.
  If you've ever seen, if you're a listener in Orlando  and you've ever seen a show at bonkers  or go see a show at bonkers for us,  let us know what you think the vibe is.
  Let me see who plays at bonkers.
  Sorry, keep talking.
  It's like Polly DeLuna Lino.
  Bonkers Comedy Productions.
  Oh, it is Polly DeLuna Lino.
  I guessed you exactly right.
  Yeah, that is good.
  Bonkers Featured Comics.
  Oh, there's a, is bonkers a chain?  Yeah, I believe it is.
  Oh, okay, so there's one in Waukee and I see.
  So here's Carrot Top and Louie Anderson.
  I don't know if they do,  I don't know if Carrot Top plays the bonkers at the.
  I don't think so.
  I would assume he doesn't.
  Carrot Top is very popular.
  But I'd love to see what his crazy mind could make  of some of those Margaritaville glasses.
  Oh my gosh.
  Up on the sida.
  They turned margarita glasses into a chandelier.
  That's like, if you look up at the ceiling,  we haven't talked about that.
  It's all like that.
  I like that.
  And one of the videos I watched, they said,  and did you know that to fill all of these glasses,  it would take such and such the hundred thousand ounces  of salt?  And I'm like, we're gonna fill the glasses  with salt all the way?  What are you talking about?  I have some problems with the Margaritaville  YouTube channel.
  Um, so we left there and, uh, again,  we had to like, the weather's getting bad,  but we're thinking like, well, maybe we can make a quick  stop over at Sunset Walk.
  Cause we've talked about Sunset Walk a long time ago.
  Sunset Walk is a little like, we've even said,  maybe it's the Sunset Walk saga is now.
  And we walked around this very depressing little mall  that had like a map saying what's open.
  Like the items on the directory were bold if it was open.
  And I think 20% of it was open.
  Yeah.
  There was like a shaved ice place.
  It was a very depressing place.
  A pet store called Don't Forget About Me.
  Oh my god, I forgot about that.
  You had it, ready to go?  Yeah.
  It is in like, the logo is a big bone.
  It's got cartoon dog, cat, fish, bird.
  And then in Comic Sans Fine, it just says,  don't forget about me.
  The number four.
  It's, yeah, sorry.
  It's maybe the saddest I was, like the saddest I felt there  was looking at that sign.
  Don't Forget About Me.
  We were, I was away from my cat.
  We were all away from our pets during this.
  It made me depressed.
  It made me depressed thinking about it now.
  Doesn't make me in the mood to buy stuff.
  Yeah, right, like what?  Is that supposed to be like,  don't forget to get me a souvenir?  Is that the idea?  No, I think it's like, don't forget to buy me food.
  Don't forget to buy me the things I need.
  I think it, is it supposed to be read like,  don't forget about me.
  I think in their minds, probably is.
  It does sound sad though.
  It does sound a little more like the Sarah McLaughlin.
  Oh no.
  Yes, it does.
  PTA commercials.
  Don't Forget About Me.
  Then like, I get a treat too.
  It should be called like, I get a treat too.
  You know?  But there's something about the logo in the Comic Sans,  this is not the greatest photo of it,  that makes me sad.
  Just so sad.
  It feels like a sign, and with the four,  it feels to me like a sign made by some pets.
  And so that the bad language is like them attempting to talk.
  What it's making me flash to is if your pet died  and then they mustered up enough courage  with their dying breaths to speak in English  that they had accrued over a lifetime.
  And as they die, they say, don't forget about me.
  It's like the Simpsons when Santa's Little Helper  and they sped.
  Damn you.
  So Don't Forget About Me is a chain.
  Oh.
  There's one in Branson.
  Sure.
  There's one in Branson Landing.
  You know, don't.
  Which we have to go to, unfortunately.
  The Itch Sugar.
  I'm not saying a saga, but we have to go to Branson.
  Itch Sugar next to Don't Forget About Me  across from Horizon Store.
  This is like the multi-century old mosques.
  And I ran those cultural sites.
  Our cultural sites are just the sunset walk.
  Our cultural sites were set up earlier this year.
  They were set up earlier this year.
  They're out of Candy Piss, right?  We asked, didn't we ask?  No, there was a stack of Candy Piss.
  We saw the Candy Piss.
  Oh, there was a stack.
  Yes, so there was a Itch Sugar  and there was the candy urine that came up on the show  not long ago.
  There was a little stack.
  There was a Ruth Bader Ginsburg doll.
  Doll, yes.
  There was a, and then near the Itch Sugar,  there was some, like there was a pub  that had weird fake British soldier statues  and a really plasticky Big Ben shooting out of it.
  So it's like a semi-themed mall a little bit.
  And then it started pouring.
  Pouring.
  Right then.
  Studio, don't forget Studio Movie Grill,  a massive building that I think we eventually settled on.
  Like, oh, this is one of the movie theaters  with food service.
  It is one, and again, now I, okay,  so I have now transitioned  from the Margaritaville YouTube channel  to the Sunset 365 YouTube channel.
  Oh my God.
  Hosted by the same person who also hosts Orlando Magic Games.
  And she filled me in on all the fun stuff  to do at Sunset Walk.
  And one, she talked about Studio Movie Grill  and said, you know, it's a place where you can chow down  in your seat while you watch your favorite flick.
  And that passed, and then I was like,  but my favorite flick, but I'm seeing the theater right now.
  How do I know it's my favorite?  When are you ever in a movie  and then you declare it's your favorite flick while it's on?  That's all, I don't think that's ever happened to me.
  That's a, they need new, I have, again, a lot of,  I have as many problems with the Sunset 365 YouTube channel  as I had with the Margaritaville YouTube channel.
  They need a better copywriter.
  Better copywriter, the host is fine.
  Cory is a lot of fun.
  Yeah, sure.
  The, it's the copy is the issue.
  Right.
  Now, Cory, now I know a lot about Cory.
  Cory hosted the Sunset Walk New Year's Eve event  not too long ago as we recorded this  with Gloria and Emilio Estefan.
  They were at, they spent their New Year's Eve  at Sunset Walk.
  What?  Because Sunset Walk now is the home to Estefan Kitchen.
  Oh.
  The first non-Miami location of their restaurant chain.
  And you might be thinking their restaurant chain  that's at downtown Disney slash Disney Springs.
  No, that's closed.
  That was Bongo's Cuban Cafe.
  That's closed.
  Wait, okay, so I'm thinking of Lario's on the beach.
  No, that is also a Gloria Estefan restaurant chain.
  Wrong, this is Estefan Kitchen.
  Get it straight.
  Estefan.
  That is like our avatar doctor salute.
  No.
  I'm confused.
  Is Bongo's at Sunset Walk?  No.
  Bongo's was at downtown Disney  before it became, wait, maybe it was at Disney Springs  for some of the run of Disney Springs.
  It was, I believe.
  I believe it's at Bongo's there.
  Yeah, it lasted a long time.
  No, Bongo's Cuban.
  And there were multiple name changes.
  The West Side.
  Bongo's Cuban was at Disney Springs.
  Now is that, what's the one at City Walk?  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I can't even think of the name.
  Chiarusco?  Yeah, what's that called?  Oh, that I gotta look.
  That's not, the City Walk one  does nothing to do with Gloria Estefan.
  Don't ask about it.
  Don't forget about Bongo's.
  Don't forget about Estefan Kitchen.
  And Estefan Kitchen Express is different.
  Estefan Kitchen is not Estefan Kitchen Express.
  Is that at airports?  Maybe, not totally sure.
  What are they, is it the same type of food?  Don't know.
  Don't, okay.
  But you know Gloria and Amelia are bringing  the spirit of the Cuban people  to every restaurant endeavor they set up.
  Right.
  Let's say Anger Lee.
  No, I look, I get it.
  I understand you're trying to push me.
  Samba, that's Samba.
  Samba.
  Samba is not Bongo's.
  Samba is not Bongo's.
  Samba is not Bongo's.
  Samba is home of the Kaipirino.
  The favorite drink of the Brazilian people.
  It's Brazilian.
  Cuban Zate Kaipirinas.
  They spit them out.
  So now this brings us to,  I'm sorry to extend this out,  but I thought this was gonna be one of those  that we just breezed through  because we just talked about this bizarre walk  that we did.
 Right.
  But there is one place that I realized we didn't go into.
  No.
  That is on the property and that is the water park.
  Island H2O Live.
 H2O Live.
  Correct.
  Yes, yes, you got it.
  Island H2O Live.
 Island H2O Live.
  So from that name, what do we know is the kind of the vibe  and the theme of this water park?  Why of course, social media.
  It's a social media themed water park.
  So this is the biggest example, I think,  of Margueriteville kind of scaling back their closeness.
  The ambition of 2016.
  I feel like I saw a concept art early on  of like a tropical lush paradise.
  Yeah, you know the way water parks are with palm trees  and it's a relaxing chill.
  You feel like you're in Key West or something.
  You know exactly what you would expect  from a Margueriteville adjacent water park.
  No, no, no.
  This is slides, some trees, not many,  but it's a lot of plastic and a lot of booths  where you can take selfies and stuff.
  And there's a lot of corrugated metal.
  An excessive amount of corrugated metal.
  Steps, walls, railings, and if you climb to the top of it,  you can see the gas station across the street.
  I think you, from my memory of the very tall slide  and its proximity to the street,  I think you could climb to the top  and throw yourself off into traffic.
  If you wanted to end it all there,  as did a mourning father,  or as did somebody in a Baywatch episode,  I saw it was filmed at Raging Waters.
  Good place to kill yourself.
  Wow.
  So there's a hot tip.
  If anyone goes into this water park, that might happen.
  You may take a look around and desire to kill yourself.
  If it happens.
  It seems pretty deserted from a distance  and from driving by,  and I'm assuming with a thunderstorm breaking out,  they had to go into their partial closure anyway.
  Or you might be cutting them a break  because this might be a little desolate.
  Oh, okay.
 This place.
  I don't know that it's doing great.
  I read positive reviews that were like,  it was so great.
  Once we got in, it's like we had the place to ourselves.
  Yeah.
  Which would be nice at any water park.
  Now, why?  Why isn't this working better?  It's cheaper than the Disney ones.
  It's cheaper than staying at Cabana Bay  or the volcano bay.
  So why isn't this doing better?  Well, it might have something to do with the theming.
  Now, so here's what I had in mind.
  I don't know if you guys saw all this.
  Do you guys know the names of the slides?  I cannot pull the exact specifics,  but the word rough comes to mind.
  I just remember it's rough.
  I would also apply that word to all of the names  that I'm about to read.
  So here's some of the water slides you get to go on.
  Hashtag heights, profile plunge.
  Oh my God.
  Reload rapids, follow me falls, reply racers.
  Oh my God.
  It's a slide themed after replying to somebody.
  You know, like what you do if you work in an office.
  I like to ratio run the one where you get dragged  as you go down the slide.
  That's very, that's a hair raising experience.
  Bad take tsunami.
  To celebrate all the bad takes you see online.
  Cancelled cabana.
  Delete this den.
  Okay, you got the drop down live streaming.
  My personal favorite, chat creek.
  That's the lazy river.
  It's called chat creek.
  And they try to justify it in the description of like,  lay back, relax and have a chat with somebody  you're swimming with.
  Have a chat, fuck you.
  It's a chat room that is a lazy river.
  And then maybe you're wondering,  is this like a pop century situation  where there's like iconography  and like a big hashtag or you know, like a big,  you know, Michael Ian Black is looking over the top  of one of the slides.
  No, it's not.
  These are just regular slides.
  They are not even, they're not painted.
  There's not like the Twitter bird flying by.
  There's no theming otherwise.
  This is just what they're called.
  Let's talk about convenience.
  This water park is very far away from the hotel  and even further from the cottages.
  Oh my God.
  From where we were dropped out from our street,  Dreamsicle drive.
  This is like a three mile walk.
  A few miles.
  I saw no indication of an internal transit option.
  No, there weren't like golf carts buzzing around.
  It's bikes.
  You'd have to buy it.
  I guess so.
  I mean, I guess you can.
  Which you have to rent on top of living there.
  Yeah.
  You could buy your own bike.
  You could buy a golf cart.
  Or you could buy like a golf cart, I guess,  or rent one somewhere.
  I just.
  They will.
  One nice thing about this resort,  it won't stop you from buying your own bicycle.
  They won't.
  They haven't banned private bicycle use.
  Not yet.
  As far as I know.
  And one of the videos they pointed out behind the hotel,  cause the pool overlooks that marsh runoff body of water.
  There is what appears to be a dock.
  And I think they implied that if you were  in a far away cottage,  you could get on a boat and come over to the pool.
  Cause there's two identical,  there's like pools, some just for the hotel,  some for the hotel and the cottages.
  I don't know that you want to count on that boat system  being up and running anytime soon.
  I don't.
  That seems like a trim from the budget of this property.
  Yeah.
  One thing they did think to do in the water park  was have an area that's only for adults  where they don't have kids hassling them.
  Cause kids go crazy in the water park.
  If you want somewhere you can just have a drink  and chat with your adult friends.
  And that's why the adults area is called private domain.
  And it's a little like hat and guy in sunglasses  meant to conjure your private mode  or your incognito mode of your browser.
  So the 21 and up area is themed after what you do  when you're going to look at porn on your browser.
  Sure.
  Jason to Holly pond, get to know,  get to know your neighbors.
  Swipe right to something.
  Farmers only falls.
  No names, no names bar.
  There are also the food places, you have those too?  Yep.
  Yeah.
  You go for it.
  Megabytes, BYT.
  But then it's spelled Y.
  Right, I know.
  Not like bite food.
  I don't know.
  I guess the burger is in place of the E.
  Something happened.
  This was like, all right,  let's hole up in a suite at the hotel.
  We have a weekend to figure out  what we call everything at the water park.
  There's something that happened  was that five people got in a room  and none of them had any ideas until one of them  checked in or got a text from his nephew  and then went, wait a minute,  say nephew, tell me all the words that you use.
  What are some things that an 11 year old would say?  Did you get the, did you see the name of the shack?  Yes, yes, go for it.
  The tag shack?  That's within private domain is tag shack.
  Oh, that's in private domain, domain.
  Tag shack.
  Tag your friend, tag.
  Tag.
  It's a bar themed after clicking on a photo  to indicate to an algorithm that a friend is in it.
  This is all instantly, it's so instantly dated.
  It feels like it's themed after 2015 social media.
  It is a pop century.
  It's like, let's blast back to the tens.
  The only tags in this bar just say,  well, liquor and hepatitis.
  Oh man, we should have gone here.
  Yeah, you checked in at a yeast infection.
  This is also really speaks to the fact  that we need to get jobs doing this.
  Well, what if I told you, Michael,  Go ahead.
  That there is a way that you could earn money  while you slide.
  Go ahead.
  Go ahead.
  Oh no.
  Get ready.
  So there is a tab on the website of IslandH2O Live,  which if you type in islandh2olive.
com,  what your brain will see is islandh2olive.
com.
  So if you go to islandh2olive.
com,  then it's slides, restaurants, stuff you expect to see,  and then influencers.
  What the fuck, influencers?  What are you talking about?  I click on it and let me just read their copy.
  Being an IslandH2O Live influencer means being in the know  plus perks for you and your social network.
  Interested in spreading the fun of IslandH2O Live  and making money while you slide?  Here's how.
  And then there's a bunch of jargon explaining that,  okay, so you submit.
  First step, you need an annual pass to IslandH2O Live.
  That costs $80.
  So you get your annual pass and now you can submit.
  And I think you have to send a photo in.
  I think they have to approve you in a very influencer,  like, how do they look kind of way.
  So they're kind of eyeing you in that way.
  And then they will maybe approve you  to become part of the influencer program.
  Once you are selected, you will be set up  with your very own store in quotes with a discount link.
  Tools such as approved posts, images, and emails  to help you start sharing, earning, and saving  can be found by joining the Facebook page,  IslandH2O Live Influencers.
  So to recap, go to the Facebook page to download emails.
  What?  And approve post.
  How do I get my approved posts?  Go to the Facebook.
  It's next to the emails.
  And then next to that, inner tubular.
  Being an influencer means you are in the know  with the most tubular team in town.
  The fun times and perks you receive  will be the ultimate hashtag FOMO for your social squad.
  What are we talking about?  So go to the Facebook, download the emails,  and then so you can give hashtag FOMO to your squad.
  If they're your squad, why do you wanna give them FOMO?  That's a bad thing.
  That's a mean thing to do, right?  I don't, this whole thing,  what are we even talking about?  Facebooks and there's also,  like side note, there's events.
  And there's an event called Splash Bash Out Loud and Proud.
  It's an LGBTQ plus event full of drag queen performances,  go-go dancers, stilt walkers, and party goers.
  They really, I think they have a grasp on the community.
  They know that gay people love stilt walkers.
  That's true, yeah.
  Something.
  That is at least a choice.
  Like that is at least,  that seems like there was some thought put into that.
  That could be a fun event,  but if you wanna learn about it,  you go to facebook.
com slash splash bash,  slash splash bash 2019.
  And when you do that,  you will learn that splash bash 2019  has been postponed until 2020.
  But the URL is still 2019.
  Anyway, that's a side note.
  Back to IslandH2O Live influencers  and giving hashtag to FOMO to your social squad.
  Where are, what is all this?  And I don't understand what you get  if you make it through this fog.
  You get money for sliding,  and for like now you have to be an activated  like promoter of this water park.
  It sounds like that's right.
  I think so, but do you possibly make like enough money  to recoup the annual pass?  No, it's not very clear.
  Do you, can you possibly make like a lot of money?  Will they, could you make a thousand dollars off of this?  Scott, you are obviously paid in splash bucks,  which you can turn in for different megabytes  and shareables.
  I am.
  What if I wanna get paid in apps?  I'm on the IslandH2O Live app right now.
  Oh, great.
  If you are an adult,  follow the instructions below.
  Otherwise hand this to your parents  to enter the following numbers.
  61, 59.
  All right.
  You're entering numbers.
  Why are you entering numbers?  Do you have a smart band?  No.
  Do you have a Vantage account?  No.
  Vantage.
  Nickname.
  Hashtag.
  It's a Buffett thing.
  Inner tubular.
  Oh, okay.
  I was gonna say like a little seagull.
  That's good.
  Hashtag little seagull.
  I do like inner tubular.
  So if you're, so if you're on,  yeah, but that didn't relate to anything.
  That's the, I like that too.
  But then what the copy I read after  had nothing to do with inner tubular.
  So it was useless.
  But you're right.
  The phrase itself is fine.
  That is fun.
  Again, the bar is so low.
  I'm latching onto like, okay, still Walker drag glade  of an inner tubular.
  These are at least, there's something.
  Something close to what a human being would want.
  Yes.
  This is, there's something approaching fun.
  Little seagull is unverified.
  I don't know how to verify myself.
  I still have to get verified and get vantage points.
  All right, I'm looking at the wait times.
  Oh, you can see the wait times.
  Oh, wait, drop down is three minutes.
  The downloader is three minutes.
  Follow me falls is three minutes.
  Reply racers, three minutes.
  Reload rapids, three minutes.
  Hashtag heights, three minutes.
  Profile plunge, three minutes.
  Live streaming, three minutes.
  Lazy river, three minutes.
  Pelican paradise teal, which what is that?  It is.
  Oh, that's right.
  After all that hashtag shit, reply falls.
  Suddenly there's one that's Pelicans paradise.
  They just forgot.
  They forgot it was social media.
  Wait time?  20 minutes.
  What?  Why?  Pelican paradise blue, 20 minutes.
  Huh?  Whoa.
  Pelican paradise pink, 20 minutes.
  What?  Pelican paradise orange, 20 minutes.
  Oh, that's a racing slide.
  That's gotta be a racing one.
  Every slide is three minutes.
  I'm Orlandoing right now.
  Like this is the time of year most water parks closed  to do seasonal maintenance.
  Why is there even a three minute wait  for the lazy river for Chatt Creek?  You get a hundred.
  Just jump right in that.
  You get a hundred points for going on the ride?  So that's another thing.
  So you can earn money as an influencer,  but you can also earn points if you're just a regular,  if you're just a normie at the park.
  So yes, and you can, so by downloading the app,  you can earn points as you slide.
  Now I watched a video about this as well.
  And they told me that this is very important.
  Be sure to save time by downloading the app  before you get in the park.
  But remember, don't set up your profile  until after you're in the park.
  Oh no, I'm screwing up here.
  You messed up.
  You messed up the process.
  You need to go to the Facebook and watch the video.
  So then you can earn, learn how to earn points.
  And van, our vantage points,  our vantage points, the points that you're earning  or is vantage points different?  And how do you get verified?  I don't know how to get verified.
  I'm trying to figure it out.
  And I'm trying to figure,  oh, I've reset my theme now  to a different color of the actual app.
  Cool.
  My music here.
  Now I get to pick my favorite music.
  Okay, now this I know about.
  This is interesting.
  This actually is kind of a cool idea.
  So before you get on every slide, you scan your band.
  It's a very magic band kind of situation.
  Oh, I like this.
  And that will choose, and I've been going on on every slide,  but on some of the slides, it will choose.
  So you just picked a color, your color's green.
  Well, that's unrelated.
  Okay, but no, no, no.
  Oh, it's not.
  I think you can choose a color  and the slide will light up with your favorite color.
  Yes.
  Now that's the first thing  that's actually good about this whole episode.
  It's kind of good.
  And perhaps even better,  you can pick the music that plays  while you go down the slide.
  I'm seeing that.
  So I'm in all out eighties here.
  You can play Belinda Carlisle, Heaven is a Place on Earth.
  Which what better descriptor of Margarita Philips.
  Duran Duran, Hungry Like the Wolf, I Picked All Out Eighties,  Genesis, Land of Confusion,  Huey Lewis, and the News, Hip to Be Square,  and oh, Power of Love.
  Imagine going down a water slide  listening to Power of Love.
  Why didn't we go to this fucking place?  Yeah, we maybe shouldn't have.
  It was raining horribly.
  Yeah.
  We weren't even thinking about it.
  But here's still the issue, Mike,  is that what you just described,  I wanna hear,  da, da, as I begin to slide.
  I don't think you can pick that.
  I think all you can do is pick the station.
  And I don't know at what point the song begins playing  because I was curious.
  I looked at the playlist, Girl Power,  and I was thinking I would specifically choose  to listen to Fight Song.
  And that if my ideal water slide experience would be,  I would cross my arms, close my eyes,  get ready to go down the slide, solemnly in tone,  this is for Hillary.
  And then Fight Song would play during my slide.
  But I couldn't do that.
  All I could do is pick Girl Power,  the playlist in general,  which is so open-ended.
  That's everything from I wanna dance with somebody  to garbage, only happy when it rains.
  That's such a wide swath what Girl Power is.
  So it's customizable, but not that customizable.
  But this does say I can still,  well, no, no, you're right.
  Mike, you're not even in the park.
  No, I can't select it.
  If you do too much to your profile,  they will force you to go down Doc's Drop.
  The water slide that by the end of it,  all of your banking information and your address  have been leaked to the internet.
  No, you're right.
  Yeah, okay, Scott, you're right.
  You can't select the actual song.
  You can just see what's on the list.
  Yeah, just hope you like something within that.
  What's also strange is there's no Jimmy Buffett option.
  No, no, and here's another thing.
  So it's not clear how,  Buffett seems to have distanced himself  from Margaretville Resort Orlando.
  I don't think Island H2O Live  is related to Margaretville Resort Orlando  in any way either.
  I think they're pretty separate.
  I saw some description of it in a Yelp review  that was like, like pseudo related.
  They're like pseudo affiliated  in that they are next to each other.
  So no, you can't slide to Buffett  unless it happens to be on one of those lists.
  Now, one option is you could do,  pick the all kids bop channel.
  So if you wanna slide while a group of 40 children  all sing thrift shop and mass,  then that is an option for you.
  But yeah, if you wanna get more specific than that,  I can't help you.
  So I Googled,  Margaretville Resort Orlando controversy  and got a couple.
  So there's at least one lawsuit going on.
  And this is so confusing.
  Ace Hospitality LLC.
  This is from the Orlando Business Journal.
  A vacation ownership and management company  and furniture provider  for Margaretville's vacation cottages  filed a lawsuit alleging wrongdoings  by several related entities,  as well as some that appear to be related  to Boca Raton based Falcone Group,  the ownership entity of Margaretville Resort Orlando.
  So the management and the ownership,  but not the management of all of it,  of some of it who is also the furniture provider  appears to be suing the property owner  and representing 160 owners of about 270 units.
  That was like a like,  it is like an internal,  I can't even, I can barely understand that,  but it seems to boil down to like,  well, the people who,  the furniture people are supposed to have  the first right of refusal for representing the people,  but then the people who are represented by the units,  the owners owners have, those look nicer.
  And it's so very, very confusing.
  It's really confusing,  but there's one thing that is not confusing at all,  which is you don't cross the Falcons.
  Don't you dare cross the Falcone Group.
  You fucked up Margaritaville.
  That's the Batman.
  Yeah, that's the big crime family in Gotham.
  What's his name plays him in Batman Begins?  Um, uh, Roberts.
  Yeah, Eric Roberts.
  No, no, no, no.
  The one before the Batman Begins.
  Oh, with Batman.
  It was Falcone, Falcone.
  And it's the English guy,  but he's doing an Italian.
  The guy from Eternal Sunshine.
  He's a very good actor.
  Yeah, yeah.
  What's that guy's name?  I can't think of anything today.
  But Tim, somehow they got in league  with the fictional character Falcone.
  The other story that came up about this.
  So the thing that was here before  was called Splendid China.
  Okay.
  Oh my God, we have to do a whole thing there.
  And this information is coming from the website  Click Orlando.
  So they call Splendid China a theme park.
  But I just remember when we first talked about  what was here before,  it was selling a lot of the, you know,  China, China, like you keep in your house,  like in a kitchen.
  Oh.
  But yes, I think there was some garden stuff.
  The headline on this,  Neighbors Blame Margaritaville Resort Construction  for Rat Infestation.
  The Oak Island Harbor neighborhood near Kissimmee  said rats are overtaking their homes  and they believe it's all because of a nearby construction  on a resort.
  So the idea here is that Splendid China  sat empty for a while.
  And quote,  Neighbors think that over time,  the empty theme park attracted rodents  and the new construction is pushing groups of rats  out of the property into their neighborhood.
  Resident David Webber said,  it's creepy.
  It makes you feel like you're unclean  and we're not unclean.
  We take care of our house.
  We're clean people.
  Oh God.
  The resident said he is,  this is awful.
  The resident said he has spent more than $7,000  for damages caused by the rat infestation  and to get rid of the rodents.
  I guess for this community,  it was the year of the rat.
  New six asked Margaritaville Resort Orlando  owners for comment.
  We have no comment at this time.
  This is the first we have heard about it.
  Margaritaville Resort spokeswoman,  Veronica Figueroa with Hemsworth Communications said,  this is back in 2017.
  All right, we've done it.
  We have bought a bunch of rat poison.
  It is a white powder and we will lay it out  to poison the rats.
  Oh no, we mixed up the rat poison  and the salt for the margaritas.
  Oh no, all our guests have been drinking  rat poison rimmed drinks for a week.
  The glass is so rimmed with rat poison.
  While all of the rats get bigger and stronger  by eating pound after pound of salt.
  Oh my God.
  Don't tell the Falcons.
  They're gonna have our asses for this.
  This is unbelievable.
  This is one of my favorite ones ever.
  I'm having so much fun.
  I will repeat what I said while we were there.
  I think it's my favorite thing we've done.
  I think I've come around.
  Hey, no fuck you from Jason.
  No fuck you.
  I'm so glad.
  That's why I was so happy we were there.
  The content we were discovering.
  Maybe people haven't had a good time living there.
  Maybe rats have ended up in people's homes,  but we've had nothing but a blast.
  Well, no, the rats have been pushed to other people's homes.
  Hey, all right.
  They're out of the cottages.
  They're not even anywhere near.
  Well, it meant lots that make up a large portion  of the undeveloped part of the property.
  It just seems like, I mean, honestly,  if they planted another few hundred more palm trees  and greenery, it could fool me a little more,  but it was just like the active construction site  in that they had opened it up to guests and media tours  and like, it's just a little unbelievable.
  Well, I think what I wanna do is get this place hopping.
  I want it to have the energy that I see  when I watch Sunset Live 365, the YouTube channel.
  I want it to be full of influencers.
  And I would love for that to be us,  but we don't live there yet.
  We live in ratless places in Los Angeles,  but it was my thought, well, I really wanna know  what is all the jargon?  I want access.
  I wanna be able to go to the Facebook group  and download the emails and find out what it really is  to be an influencer.
  So I thought maybe I should just get an annual pass  and just so I can apply for the influencer program  and start getting all this stuff.
  But there's a catch.
  You have to physically be there for like a,  what do you call it, like an orientation session.
  They offer you a choice of can you be here  for one of these five dates in November?  And presumably that was November 2019.
  So they haven't set up their new,  unless this was delayed like Splash Bash 2019 was.
  But here's what I'm thinking,  because I just really wanna know what is it like  to be an Island H2O Live influencer?  And I think what I'd like to do,  and it's your guys choice,  you can go in on this with me or not.
  I kind of want to sponsor an Island H2O Live influencer.
  Oh, interesting.
  The total cost of this would be $80.
  I'm willing to pay it,  but if you guys are willing to go in on it,  what I would like to offer to a listener is,  if you would be willing to go to,  there's a lot of steps here.
  You have to get approved, first of all.
  However, whatever shady means they do to approve you,  you have to have an annual pass,  which you can bill us later, bill me later.
  And then you have to go to the orientation  and make it through the orientation and get approved.
  But then I wanna see everything that you get.
  I wanna see what are all of the emails,  what are all the things that you,  what's the packet that you get to post about?  How many points do you get?  Do you get verified?  Is that how you become verified?  Is that how you get vantage points?  Right.
  I wanna know, actually, as you keep going,  own the island.
  That doesn't seem accurate.
  I don't think you can end up owning it.
  Although maybe this thing might be selling real soon.
  The more passes you sell, the more you earn.
  So this involves selling passes now.
  It's like pyramid scheme.
  It's a pyramid scheme.
  This is a water park that operates its own pyramid scheme.
  And I wanna sponsor somebody to,  so what I will say, just like say,  I wanna be an influencer to send that to  podcast.
gmail.
com and we'll do our own vetting as well,  unless we forget about all this and get too lazy.
  But I just, I really wanna know if anybody out there  has a lot of time to waste and wants to become in Orlando,  an IslandH2ILive influencer  and is willing to go to the orientation,  but you have to tell us everything that you do.
  Yeah, there's gonna be multiple people  I think they're gonna wanna be involved in.
  I think there might be two, so I'm not really sure.
  So maybe it's gotta be the first.
  But we also have to know,  I don't know when there's gonna be another session.
  This is gonna be hard to figure out, honestly.
  But I wanna do it, I wanna crack it.
  And you would be in an elite group  because the Facebook group, IslandH2ILive influencers,  I checked it has 15 members.
  Oh my God.
  There's only 15 of these people.
  Is that including you or?  No, I couldn't join.
  Cause I'm not an influencer  because I couldn't be there in person in November.
  I wish I knew about any of this before.
  What I would like is to sponsor a listener  to infiltrate the sex cult rings at the hotel.
  So what you're gonna need to do  is go to an Orlando costume shot.
  You're gonna need a tuxedo, a cape, and a mask, a raid mask.
  You run into your old friend from college  who's now a piano player.
  He gives you the password Fidelio.
  This is very important.
  There's only one password.
  Don't give it a second time.
  And what happens if you get asked why you're there  or who you know?  Then the whole group of men,  then everybody in the masks might be staring at you  for a long time.
  Well, that is true.
  We gotta hold off on this part then.
  Okay, we gotta hold off on this part.
  Whatever you do, don't smoke any weed.
  It will make you too aggressive.
  This is a real, this is a secret society.
  This is a real, this is a secret society.
  I wanna figure out how to get in there.
  This, do we keep going past the layers  and discover this was all part of the Epstein scheme?  We alluded to it earlier  and I think the answer is 100% yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  For sure.
  All of the answers are behind the wall  of the IslandH2O Live Influencers Facebook page.
  I think that's right.
  I think that's where-  Make sure.
  The plane is back there.
  To be an influencer, you gotta write on that wall  and you gotta get your squad, your hashtag squad,  to write on that wall to give them hashtag FOMO.
  Everybody who didn't get to be on the Lillita Express  has a major hashtag FOMO.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Tom Wilkinson.
  Tom and Tom Wilkinson.
  Tom Wilkinson.
  Wonderful actor.
  Wonderful actor.
  Who I'm not implicating in any of this.
  No, absolutely not.
  No, no, no.
  It's a wonderful man.
  Not on the flight logs as far as we know.
  His hands are clean.
  So, is there anything else?  I mean, I can't believe how much this-  I don't know.
  I really thought this would be a breezy 45 minutes,  but there's so much.
  And so let us know if you wanna be part  of the influencer program.
  Give us, your social squad, your podcast squad,  hashtag FOMO, by going to the orientation meeting  and taking pictures of everything you see.
  Every soda that's offered to you,  every email with points and emails.
  How many emails come in an email to you?  Who knows?  We'll find out.
  I mean, I also wanna apologize.
  There's gonna be so many people wanting to do this.
  We can only choose one.
  So don't be brokenhearted if you don't get chosen by us  to be our representative.
  Now I feel like I am IslandH2O Live.
  Because what are our criteria?  Yeah, I know.
  Yeah, we're just getting in on the pyramid scheme.
  Except we're not all, we're, look,  we're gonna foot the bill.
  Like, we're not, and I don't-  But is it followers?  Is it social Instagram followers?  Is that like the highest count?  Whoever has the highest count?  Maybe they ask that too.
  That might be something that- They must ask that.
  Yeah.
  That's gotta, yeah, that's probably part of it.
  Right.
  Do you think you have what it takes  to help the podcast, the Riot guys, you know,  like pull a casual scheme and get some more content?  Whatever you do, protect Cody.
  Cody is the one innocent that we know.
  Cody and the employees of the hotel,  the nice lady works at the gift shop.
  Yeah.
  Their hands are clean.
  Oh yeah, she's fine, yes.
  Just be on alert if you step into bunkers.
  Whatever you do, just don't write any personal checks.
  Don't sign any land agreements.
  Just double check everything.
  You can look organizations up on the internet.
  Don't sign your will.
  Don't sign anything.
  Don't sign all your money over to the-  Lawyers, lawyers, lawyers.
  To Inner Tubular Inc.
 or the Falcone Group.
  All right, we gotta get out of here.
  This was such a, this was a splash and a bash, guys.
  I have another answer to one of my questions.
  Creamsicle, creamsicle difference.
  Sherbet-like shell of the creamsicle  is identical to that of the dreamsicle,  but the payoff inside is ice cream  and the former, ice milk in the latter.
  Oh right, because you have to have  a certain amount of milk fat.
  Anyway, I went out with a real bang on this episode.
  Yeah.
  I feel like everyone wanted to know.
  It was a dreamsicle of an episode.
  Really, yeah.
  And this is why it all happened.
  It's all now coming together.
  Four years after we created that list,  we know what this was about.
  We're gonna infiltrate a secret elite society  of Inner Tubulars and find out  what they're doing back there.
  And we're gonna earn points along the way.
  Wow.
  What a, well this is more engaging than like a,  sort of like multi-season television show.
  Yeah.
  The threads and the-  It's like a Dan Brown book.
  Our lives have been pretty interesting  ever since that email of 100 street names  came into our lives.
  Wow.
  Who knows what'll happen from here?  Who knows?  And unfortunately, they're coming to an end soon  because we've gotten too close.
  Oh yes.
  This may be the final episode of Podcast The Ride.
  We'll be sniped as soon as we leave.
  But as far as I know, we survived Podcast The Ride,  you survived Podcast The Ride.
  Email us at podcasttheride.
gmail.
com  if you're willing to participate in the influencer program.
  And I apologize if then that's too much of a mess  and we can't figure it out.
  But there's something there.
  NBA keeps subscribing to the second gate.
  How could you not after this kind of shit?  Lot of fun coming up in February.
  It's been a splash, it's been a blast.
  A blast.
  It's been a blast.
  It's really been a blast.
  Hashtag blast.
  Yeah, we'll see you in the private domain.
  Bye.
  That tag, what was it?  We'll tag you at tag shack.
  Tag shack.
  Tag shack.
  Goodbye.
