 Forever.
.
.
  Dog.
  Warning! The following podcast may be hosted by sound-a-likes instead of the real Mike, Scott, and Jason.
  It may also contain Buzz Lightyear's right-wing leanings and a harrowing cookie naming controversy.
  It's Disney World's Slinky Dog Dash on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the show hosted by three men who, in order to record, rig up a Slinky and a Dash and Dodge Mega Podcast Kit every week to record.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined by Mike Carlson.
  Yes, I'm here and we do exactly what you just said.
  Every week.
  It was a kit of a sentence.
  Some assembly required.
  Well, I didn't write anything down.
  I just looked at the detail of the kit name and kind of did it on the fly.
  Wow, wow.
 Good work.
  It went much better than I expected.
  Yeah, yeah.
 No kidding.
 Yeah.
 Wow, wow.
 Complex.
  Much like this ride.
  Much like I think people were thinking about that we're a little skeptical of this ride.
  We're talking about Slinky Dog Dash today.
  But I have a couple pieces of business to get to.
  Oh, OK.
  One of which is a very quick Podcast The Ride.
  Oopsie.
  On the Hagrid's episode, I said the Hagrid and Scroot animatronic were done by Garner Holt.
  In fact, we were told because they told us it was done by Animax Robotics.
  Animax Robotics out of Nashville, Tennessee.
  Beautiful Nashville, Tennessee.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  So they, I love it that someone from the United States,  I love it that someone from that company listens.
  Yeah, no kidding.
  So the ultimate, the ultimate insult was given out to the doled out to them when they were not given proper credit, which is fascinating.
  We mainly don't credit who makes a lot of things.
  Fair, yes, absolutely.
  But I do, it's like usually we get told by a smarter than us listener.
  And I'm just a person who knows more than we do.
  Like, oh, this is you guys screwed this up or this is what it is.
  Specifically, Animax Designs, animaxdesigns.
com to view more of their work.
  And you can follow them on Instagram.
  They've got really cool pictures and stuff on Instagram.
  But I love the idea that that someone who like was listening and they're like, hey, I worked on that Hagrid face for for three years and Garner Holt's getting the credit.
  This is egg on our face.
  It's all of when we need to know who makes robots or not mention it.
  Or not mention it.
  Maybe not mention it is the better way.
  So keeping that in mind, the second piece of business, a little bit of news to talk about on this episode is coming from Blue Loop dot com, which is kind of the like a little off the beaten path.
  It's the trade magazine for themed entertainment and also for some reason museums.
  So but this is a universal has filed a new patent.
  And this is a lot of places you know you can kind of read the tea leaves of where theme park developments are going based off patents that are filed.
  We talked about universal was filed like a moving room like a moving room sort of thing a while back.
  This is an augmented reality augmented right system and method for to develop a riding game control system with heads up mounted displays hoods.
  So here you can see it's kind of like a glasses looking sort of more intense 3D glasses looking thing.
  The idea being it would display stuff on the screen that would interact with like physical sets you would watch along a ride system.
  Oh, well, this is clearly this is where Mario is the Mario stuff.
  So I is a patent for these glasses.
  There's a patent for this whole system and it would be like give you an individual experience.
  You would be seeing something.
 Other people might also be seeing something, but not necessarily.
  The other thing about it is you see this one diagram with everyone looking at one object like that could affect if everyone's attention is on it.
  Everyone doing it could affect something.
  So to me that read like well, if you're all shooting lasers and there's a big boss and you all need to aim your lasers in the one place sort of like how we did the Avengers damage control and you all have to fire on the big boss at the end.
  Sure.
 Sure.
 So.
  Oh, so if you're all throwing turtle shells at something.
  Yeah, I mean souped up like 3D glasses is an interesting way to get sort of a VR AR experience in that like to scale because that's probably VR.
  It's hard to put helmets and backpacks on a ton of people.
  Slimmer glasses.
  So yeah, they're real quick.
  The word from Nintendo land.
  At least there was some news that came out a couple of weeks ago where it's like there's going to be a little wristband.
  I think we've talked about this a little bit.
  This can be like your magic band, but at Nintendo you can keep track of point or coins, I guess not points and it'll keep track of other data.
  So yeah, I wonder if you're like wearing glasses in the land or it's just on Mario Kart.
  But if it's in the land, like then you can have like I know there are practical question mark blocks in the land.
  But like, can you see like fire flowers popping out of them with your glasses like how do these work everywhere?  Oh, interesting.
  I don't know.
  I mean, it would be cool if they worked everywhere.
  That seems kind of hard to like everyone has to wear their own glasses.
  But like hypothetically, at least you could augment the ride like that.
  I mean, this, you know, the very basic like sketches and stuff with the patent show people in a ride vehicle.
  And for some reason, the picture of a Ferris wheel, I don't know if that's just to communicate the idea of ride.
  But like they show physical stuff and then they show floating stuff that I would assume be the thing displayed dynamically adjusting.
  Ride perspective is the phrase that's used.
  Wow.
  I cannot picture how this will work day to day, but I'm sure they'll pull it off.
  I it's really cool.
  Yeah, I mean, I was going to say the application in Mario Kart that makes the most sense would be throwing stuff at the other car at the other cart.
  Yeah.
  So you would see the cart because you said that you're not driving the Mario Kart.
  I don't believe so.
  That's what I've rumors I've read at least that like it's you're not actually I think it's only going to be like two big carts and then robot carts of other Mario characters.
  Oh, yes.
  So I think it's like two human full of like two human vehicles and maybe there's eight seats in each of them or probably not 12, but at least eight, I think.
  And then as you're going along, Wario full size Wario all of a sudden comes up on your right.
  Boy, I get my issue with big things in small rooms.
  Wario and Waluigi, I think will scare the shit out of you.
  Really?  Well, how big is Wario is big.
  Yeah.
  But he's just like a larger man.
  You're even scared of like larger men.
  I guess so, yes.
  He's not like a giant.
  Like your dog, Edwin.
  Yes.
  Larger man walks in the room.
  I bark.
  Yeah.
  I guess I don't know if it's like I guess the size if it's the size of a Hagrid built by Animax.
  Animax.
  If it were the size of Animax Hagrid, then that's just a regular bigger man.
  But if it were I think the cartoon proportions are and I imagine the Waluigi is like nine feet tall.
  I think he's an avatar.
  He's more.
  Yeah.
  Waluigi is a Navi size.
  Yeah.
  I feel like in my mind, we'll all give our opinions of what we think height wise the differences between Mario and Wario.
  I feel like Wario is maybe two and a half Mario's tall.
  I think so.
  So well, that's I mean, we can scale that within scenes.
  Yeah.
  But how tall do they determine Mario is compared to us?  That's a good question.
  I don't know.
  Mario, obviously, because from the movie Mario, he's Bob Hoskins and John Leguizamo.
  So like five two or something.
  So like five two.
  Mario is Jason's size.
  One and a half.
  And Luigi probably is like I feel like five ten.
  And then you think Wario is that much bigger than Mario?  I think it's just okay.
  Well, now.
  Okay.
  Now you're right.
  In cartoon land, he's two and a half Mario's tall.
  If we're doing if you were to put first of all, who would have played Wario in an early 90s Mario movie?  Oh, if he'd been around in that era.
  Who do we think?  Davido.
  Danny Davido.
  But you'd have to do a thing to make him bigger.
  John Goodman.
  John Goodman.
  That's good.
  Bad.
  Yeah.
  So Wario in if he's a human, Wario is probably six, six, one or six, two.
  And Waluigi is like six, six.
  So Wario is supposed to be that much bigger than Mario.
  I thought it was just huskier.
  He's taller.
  He's taller.
  Yeah.
  Somebody's gonna be really mad because they know the exact heights of all these characters.
  But Waluigi is like Slenderman proportions.
  Yeah.
  Like he's got the I should play Waluigi in something.
  OK.
  I feel like sure if I lose a little weight.
  Yeah.
  Mario Mario height.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
  So I mean, you'll be on a chart.
  Were they ever arrested at the same time?  I don't know.
  They're going to I'm sure there's going to be a giant bullet, which is Scott's fear is having so many of these.
  The big plants is when, you know, there's a giant bullet bill.
  Now, regular bullet, because I'm looking, I actually now have a height chart of all of them and standard issue bullet bill is OK.
  Right.
  But one the size of the full room.
  Yeah.
  Really scare me.
  So if we're if it's like Bowser's Castle, I'm trying to think where he would be, which section of the Mario Kart ride, maybe the Bowser's Castle area.
  And then, yeah.
  So if there's a giant bullet bill, that's going to be too much for you.
  But yeah, you get the bullets in America where we're all insane about guns.
  Does that just mean where there's so big and he's so divorced from he looks like a big shark fin?  Yes.
  He's so big.
  Yeah, I don't think well, who knows who knows what they can maybe that's augmented.
  Honestly, that's a perfect use of augmented reality because then you can have them coming straight at you.
  And you don't have to deal on this is Scott's nightmare.
  No, no, no.
  You have a giant bullet bill and he can be as big as the room.
  Constantly doing like a heart like, like taking off the glasses.
  I hadn't thought of you guys cover my eyes.
  I said before I said before that was like the only thing I could think of is throwing shells.
  But no, you could do that.
  You could have the giant piranha plants.
  You could do all of that and really make it feel like Back to the Future 2 when the shark, when Jaws goes and tries to go.
  Goes and tries to know.
  I don't want any booze.
  Don't give me a boo.
  I don't want to be in a castle and I don't want a big boo.
  Small boo is fine.
  A big boo is not OK.
  And but if I'm looking at him, he shouldn't be if I'm looking at him, he shouldn't be going anywhere near his eyes should be closed.
  He's the one who closes his eyes, not me.
  This is I am taking a little delight in this in this bit we're doing, which is rooted in reality.
  But I am also legit excited by the idea that you could do that in augmented reality.
  Yeah, I've never thought about it.
  But you most of the things, but not the Giants.
  I'm with you 80 percent of the way.
  The bigger they go, the more Scott is out.
  You could take the glasses off, though.
  I could.
 Yes.
  So unless well, look at that pattern carefully, though, there isn't a way that they, you know, staple it to your eyes.
  Is it drilled into your?  I don't know.
  Figure nine's note here just says.
  Just for Scott.
  OK, did you guys find this drawing?  There's a drawing.
 Yeah, I'm looking at it, too.
  There's a drawing of Scott in the pattern.
  No, I've got a screen grab from that very fun Charlie XCX music video commercial.
  And she says, Hi, Scott.
  What? She says, Hi, Scott.
  Big time's coming.
  Big time's coming.
  We haven't really talked about that.
  Is it a giant Charlie XCX?  A 10 foot tall augmented reality.
  I'm not I'm not a vor guy.
  OK, I don't want my giant women.
  No, no.
  Stay away from me.
  No, we hadn't really talked about that either.
  The Charlie XCX promotional video for Super Nintendo World.
  It was a lot of fun.
  It was it was a lot.
  It was a lot of barrage of things.
  Tons of people wearing Mario hats, which I'm assuming will be sold and will be an immediate smash hit.
  Yeah, I hadn't thought about that.
  The preponderance of the hats.
  You know, actually interesting in this speaking of hats in this height chart that I'm looking at, you have to take hats into account because with hat Wario is approaching Yoshi levels of tall.
  Not that tall.
  Yeah, it actually is not.
  We're maybe we're maybe talking like less than a foot.
  You're very far away.
  Maybe you can see that.
  I think also his hat is taller than Mario's hat.
  So he might only be like six inches taller than Mario potentially.
  All right.
  Waluigi, however, very tall, probably the tallest of all the characters.
  Oh, I think Peach and Bowser's Bowser is taller.
  Yeah, Peach and Daisy are probably taller than Wario than.
  Yes, that is correct.
  Yeah.
  And do you know who's taller between the two of them?  I want to say Daisy, but I could be wrong.
  It is barely Peach.
  Interesting.
  Also crown, but I'm not taking I'm reducing crown in my head.
  Okay.
  And then Bowser is bigger than all of those.
  There's much bigger than all of them.
  He's very big.
  And he's a lot bigger than Donkey Kong, though in cart when you're select he Donkey Kong and Bowser are essentially the same in original Mario Kart.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They are the very tiny Smash Brothers to I feel like they're comparable.
  So right now they're a little bit more out there.
  They're like maybe initially they weren't in the Caterpillar.
  Caterpillar who you bop and he turns red and runs back and forth.
  Also a little tall, but you have to take the flower into account.
  The famous flower atop his head.
  You are going to get eaten by that flower on this ride.
  No, I am sure of it because you know why I'm sure of it because it happens in the Mario Kart VR I did in Japan.
  You get eaten by the.
  Well, like it's coming at you.
  Not by the Caterpillar's flower.
  No, no, no.
  I thought you were pointing at the.
  No, no, apparently the little yellow Caterpillar has a little like.
  I see.
  I know what you're talking about.
  Yeah, Mario World.
  The big chomping plant, though.
  Yeah, the big chomping.
  What's it called?  Chomping plant, whatever.
  Not the piranha in the pipe, but the other one in like polka dot shorts.
  He looks like he's wearing a male briefs based on Minnie's dress.
  Huh?  Just to confirm an earlier speculation, the heads up mounted display has to interconnect to the ride vehicle.
  And the ride and game system are integrated with the ride vehicle.
  So it communicates with your vehicle.
  Yeah, a kind of like the the ride system and the vehicle and the heads up display are all communicating with each other.
  So I don't think out and about wandering in the land is possible yet because you'd have to get it all right in the glasses.
  But for like, I mean, the Google Glass was kind of a, you know, for big, big dorks.
  But like for a three minute ride, you already wear ridiculous looking three three.
  This is a yeah, this is real.
  It is hardcore speculation.
  But I guess then you also if it's all integrated into the ride, you could be throwing shells at the unmanned like Wario and sending it like like twirling off course or something.
  Yeah, potentially.
  I don't know how cool that'll like.
  I'm sure maybe at the very least it would spin around or something.
  But like all of that sounds very exciting and then like maybe fulfilling like the promise of Galaxy's Edge where it's like you could collect coins on the ride and then you have that correspond to your whatever wristband.
  The ability to leap up and hit the box.
  Oh, my God.
  That's very that's like cooler than any ride.
  Yeah.
  Going through the warp tunnel because that's like how you're going to get in.
  You go through a warp tunnel into the Mario land.
  I didn't know that.
  Yeah, it's like the sideways one.
  Obviously not the up and down because that would be crazy.
  This episode isn't about Mario speculation.
  But do you guys is there a Mario Kart memory from any of the many Mario Kart games something you would really want in it or really not want in it something you I don't want this course anywhere near the ride Mario Kart very important to me.
  And I'm not saying that facetiously.
  I mean, I just was playing from the Switch.
  You have the virtual console and you can play old games, Nintendo and Super Nintendo right now, at least not 64.
  I think it's coming.
  And I was playing Mario Kart with my sister, the original Super Nintendo.
  And it's so burned into my brain because we used to do this.
  30 years ago in my grandmother's house.
  So it's like that all of that is like and then we'd always I would get first you again second always and I would always be Koopa Troopa and she would be toad.
  So I'm trying to think of something like a classic thing from that.
  I would love I'd be sorry.
  I would be disappointed if the ride was mainly one of the chocolate level.
  The worst level.
  The worst level.
  Yeah, the ride is just moving slowly through chocolate moss or whatever.
  Choco.
 What is it called?  Vibrating slowly off course in a chocolate world.
  Very unpleasant.
  Terrible.
  Koopa Beach.
  I love and Super Nintendo.
  Now, that's the opposite.
  That's as smooth as Rise of the Resistance.
  It has.
 I'm sure this ride ends in Rainbow Road.
  It has.
  But as a kid, Rainbow Road, I couldn't have been more obsessed with.
  Yeah, all the Rainbow Roads, I think have been very strong universally through every they've never soiled the Rainbow Road property.
  No.
 Yeah.
  And then 64 Rainbow Road, I have a lot of affection for and there's secret jump where you jump off of one area and you land on it's very hard to do.
  Oh, yes.
 Yeah.
  I think a lot of my first semester of college was spent trying to pull that off.
  Yeah.
  Oh, it's very hard.
  I don't know.
  We could do more a whole Mario Kart podcast here.
  There's plenty to talk about there.
  I love Double Dash where you switch around.
  I was a big Double Dash fan.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There's a battle in that where you steal a sun.
  Oh, that's good.
  You have to hold on to the sun for a certain amount of time.
  There was a rumor that we should get to Toy Story in a second.
  There is a rumor that Mario Kart was going to use a system, sort of a roller coaster system, like on the bones of it, where you could do sort of simulated jumps.
  Essentially, you could make it look like it was going off a cliff and because of the kind of narrowness of the track, you wouldn't necessarily be able to see where you were going.
  So it would feel kind of like you shot off of a cliff and you landed again.
  So I feel like a Double Dash or and then the newer one has a two where you have a little hang glider on the back of your car.
  Oh, yeah.
  So like you could also in addition to racing, you're like flying through the air.
  So if that would be something I would want, that's a lot to ask.
  I think we had a very interesting console progression from like we had Nintendo and then Genesis and then a 64.
  I'm trying to remember if I ever owned a Mario Kart or just played it at friend's houses.
  I think of it as a very social game, but I feel like I didn't have it at home that much.
  I feel like we would borrow it sometimes and would play the 64 one.
  I think jumping and invincibility I would be interested in.
  I hated the banana peels when playing the game because I would always get hit by one.
  But in a ride, that sounds fun.
  Oh, sure.
  Spin it around.
  You spin out.
 Yes.
  But you know what would not be fun is if either that or the guy having to pick you up with the fishing pole.
  If you were your literal money had to be handed over like a toll.
  Oh, you mean like you went off cash out of your pocket and you had to hand just a coin.
  Yeah.
  Just like whatever change you got.
  If your personal monetary positions were asked for by the man riding what I've always called the big tooth.
  I know it's probably a cloud.
  It's a cloud.
 Yeah.
  That's interesting.
  I've never thought of it as a tooth.
  It's kind of toothy.
  Huh.
  The man in the tooth stole my money.
  The man in the tooth.
  Well, what if it's AR and you see him through the AR goggles and he just digitally steals.
  So if he gets to you and you don't throw a shell at him, he comes to you and then there's like an Apple Pay system where he just automatically deducts $20 from everyone's phone.
  Oh, no.
  And you have to just say, OK, that before the ride.
  Yeah.
 Wait, check that patent again.
  Is it hooked up to our Apple Pay?  Oh, it is.
 Yeah, I see it here.
  Oh, no.
  It's hooked up to Apple Pay and you got the Lakitu, I believe.
  It's been looking.
  Wait, the glasses I wear on the Mario Kart ride have been listening to all my Amazon purchases and Google search history.
  Yeah.
  And it knows like Google email, it knows when you wake up and it knows your shopping patterns, which is what I've been told is what Gmail does.
  Oh, rad.
  Is that Google is just collecting data on you and they know so much about you just from all of it.
  They just know what you buy.
  They know when you buy it.
  They know when you wake up.
  It's yeah, it's really dystopian.
  This is awful.
  Let's move over to Disney World and they're with their wonderful magic bands, which control entry to your hotel rooms and you can keep lots of money on.
  And it tells you it tells you what they buy, what people buy and when they wake up and when they're moving.
  And you can use it to open your door, your locked door.
  Your phone can open your locked door.
  Yes, and if a button is pressed, it can shock you and incapacitate you.
  They can just take people out.
  If you're wearing a magic band and you're like reaching for pirate treasure on Pirates of the Caribbean, it is like then you just fall into and they can say, I don't know what happened.
  You just sudden seizure fell into the water.
  We don't have that at Disneyland yet because we were riding Casey Jr.
  the other day and the poor conductor had to keep looking back and telling the kid, please keep your arms in the big cage.
  Pink car.
  I was going to say that car because I thought it was me.
  I always think it's me.
  If I hear honk on the road.
  Oh, yeah.
  Must be something I'm doing.
  Well, to Disney World we go, I suppose.
  Yeah.
  For Slinky Dog Dash, another thing in the series of topics we can talk about now that we've all been on it.
  We've sort of recently been to Orlando.
  Fun stuff.
  It's a fun one.
  I mean, probably our ticket to talk about Toy Story land in general.
  And we've talked a ton about Galaxy's Edge, but in Florida, this is really the last piece of the puzzle of revamping all of Disney's Hollywood studios.
  They're sort of right next to each other, in fact.
  And I don't know.
  Good job.
  It's all fun.
  RIP, the costume department.
  RIP where Wayne Zalinski's van was parked or where that plane, Walt, spotted the Florida property in was parked.
  A lot of parked vehicles had to go to make this roller coaster.
  The Flight of the Navigator thing was gone, which is cool.
  That is too bad.
  That's got to be somewhere else, though.
  They didn't just burn it in a fire.
  I hope.
  Yeah.
  Now that it's on Disney+, it's getting a whole new lease on life.
  Yeah.
  Actually, in looking at the actual footprint, I realized that part of the territory of this roller coaster is where the Earful Tower used to be.
  Oh, right.
  This is the spot.
  Yeah, the former icon of the park, the water tower with the big mouse ears.
  Did they put it somewhere else?  No, it's just gone.
  It's just gone?  And the Tower of Terror just means this park?  In the app, you see little Tower of Terror characters.
  Oh, that's how they represent the icing.
  That's cute.
  They also got rid of the Pixar Studios, was it called?  Okay, so I have something with that.
  What you're referring to is Pixar Place.
  That's right, sorry.
  Pixar Place now exists still next to Toy Story Land.
  And I walked through it when we were down there.
  And it is a dead-end alley.
  A dead-end alley?  Like, it is a dead-end alley where you can meet the Incredibles.
  And then there is a stand called Neighborhood Bakery.
  I need to talk about Neighborhood Bakery.
  Now, this is adjacent.
  This is not into Toy Story Land.
  Neighborhood Bakery falls in the purview of Pixar Place.
  We have no Sector Keeper.
  Nobody's coming down on us.
  Yeah, we can do whatever we want.
  Just clarifying.
  We've earned a bunch of Mario time.
  Neighborhood Bakery is the Florida home of the deep dish cookie  that we know as Jack Jack's Cookie Num Num.
  Oh my gosh, really?  However, I looked at the menu on the app,  and there they just call it Num Num Cookie.
  And that sucks.
  That made me so mad.
  That's like when you go to a different region,  they're like, oh, here we call soda pop bubble juice.
  And it's like, no, that's not what you call.
  Come on.
  I'll accept pop.
  I'll take pop.
  But Num Num Cookie was such a bummer to discover,  and also a bummer to discover Pixar Place,  which originally felt like it was retrofitted  to justify a meet and greet in Toy Story Midway Media.
  But they've reconfigured the entrance to Toy Story Midway  Media into Toy Story Land.
  Yeah.
  It's like the other side of the building.
  That's confusing.
  I didn't know any of that had happened,  as opposed to because Pixar Place kind of looks like the miniature version  of the Pixar Studios in Emeryville,  where apparently a Heimlich car is sitting now.
  Oh, right.
  Heimlich's Jujutsu Train.
  So that's very nice.
  So this area, yeah, I didn't know it was still there.
  Now it's just there.
  So there's still dead zones in this park.
  Because they took away.
  So I didn't know it was still kind of there,  because I know they took away fun props from it.
  Yeah.
  Like the C and spell used to be hanging in there in that stretch.
  And now it's on the ride.
  Mr.
 Mike.
  Now it's on Slinky Dog.
  Am I thinking of Mr.
 Mike?  The white one?  That's on there too.
  But I think there's a C and spell as well.
  I think there's a C and spell somewhere.
  Yeah.
  I had to check.
  But they took some fun props out of Pixar Place  and put it in Toy Story Land.
  And now this is my kind of big thing about current Hollywood studios  going through it.
  Especially once Runaway Railway opens,  this park will once again be packed with attractions.
  Yeah.
  People like Runaway Railway,  Galaxy's Edge, including Rise of the Resistance,  Slinky Dog, Tower of Terror,  and Rockin' Rollercoaster.
  But when it was all kind of fake film sets,  it kind of made sense for one disparate thing to be next to each other.
  Here, I cannot.
.
.
  The chaotic nature of this park is a little.
.
.
  What threw me a little for like,  Toy Story Land just kind of becomes Galaxy's Edge.
  Grand Avenue, where the brewery is,  just kind of becomes the other side of Galaxy's Edge.
  And then there's Muppets, and then there's Mama Melrose,  and the stunt show.
  And then more Star Wars.
  More Star Wars.
  And then Deanna Jones.
  It could use a little bit of place-making,  because I still like Echo Late.
  I still like Gertie and the boat and stuff.
  And the entrance.
  The entrance is nice.
  But yeah, I think they.
.
.
  And why is it a Chinese theater now?  I mean, I'm not an advocate for taking that down,  but it's not really justified.
  But I think it will be like when Runaway Railway.
.
.
  Yes.
  I think it's a new short that is showing there  that you enter the world of.
  I see.
  You go into, sure.
  I think that works.
  But it is a little chaotic,  and especially the fact that they kept Pixar Place  and didn't just wrap Toy Story Land around.
  Erin, my wife, completely agrees with you.
  She finds this park disjointed and borderline unpleasant.
  Now, even though some of the greatest.
.
.
  Clearly, that line of rides is unbelievable.
  Unbelievable.
  And still probably my.
.
.
  Maybe the best rides in Disney World now, all of a sudden,  when they had almost nothing.
  Now they're back up to that could be all the best ones.
  My family's favorite park over the years.
  And I think then whenever we get down there next,  there will be all of these giant attractions open.
  And it will once again be a full day park.
  And there's a couple good restaurants  you can make a reservation for lunch at.
  But yeah, it felt a little chaotic to me,  maybe partially because I was going off  of the beautiful transitional elements  from critter country and frontier land into Galaxy's Edge.
  Yes.
  We might have made this point that there has been talk of,  oh, it's actually a better transition  to Galaxy's Edge in Florida.
  And that is not true.
  It's definitely not true.
  Especially, we ended up approaching  when we went from the Toy Story side,  and that just makes no sense.
  No sense.
  They don't, yeah.
  The whole part.
.
.
  How do they frame it?  It's sort of like it's where your favorite stories come to life.
  Yeah, kind of.
  But that's a weird jumpy.
.
.
  I don't know.
  That one doesn't make sense, but just more so,  it's just like, just make the transitions somewhat better.
  But it's kind of impossible now.
  Like Disneyland, I think they care the most about Disneyland,  Disneyland's flow and transitions.
  They are so careful with it,  especially when it comes to Galaxy's Edge.
  Galaxy's Edge was designed for Disneyland,  specifically for Disneyland,  to fit in with Big Thunder and the rocks  when you're looking, and to fit in with the green  and along the lake.
  It's like perfect for Disneyland,  and then they just dumped it into Hollywood Studios  with some modifications.
  Although the footprint, I've noticed, it's weird.
  They didn't really expand the boundaries  of Disney's Hollywood Studios.
  It's still this corner.
  If you look at it from above,  it actually seems geographically like it was built  for Hollywood Studios.
  I mean, you're probably right.
  I probably am overstating that because.
.
.
  Thematically more so.
  Thematically designed,  and they probably.
.
.
  I'm trying to think.
  I'd have to look at the overhead map  because they cleared out part of Big Thunder Ranch  and then a bunch of buildings back there.
  I guess maybe they took both things into consideration.
  I guess, yeah, maybe thematically and flow-wise  it was designed for Disneyland,  and then also they made sure it was the exact right amount  of space for Hollywood Studios.
  Well, one less entrance in Hollywood Studios.
  That's a big physical difference.
  Right.
  But as far as just, yeah, space is what.
.
.
  Yeah, Scott's probably right.
  I was wondering how they figured that out,  how they could make it work for both,  how they negotiated it.
  I guess they probably were like,  well, we can keep demolishing stuff  and make it as big as the space we have in Hollywood Studios,  but we have to make sure.
  We're very careful with Disneyland  and not to break sight lines  and not to make it stick out  and make it really feel like it's a piece behind Disneyland  as opposed to what it's intruding on.
  It's real high wire ends to carve up Disneyland.
  It never had to be.
  Even Toontown was kind of an addition.
  They didn't have to wait.
  That's tucked away.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It didn't have to, and it's a dead end,  they didn't have to make it flow from the classic thing  to the classic thing in the same way.
  But Hollywood Studios, they don't give a shit about the flow.
  Yeah, not really.
 No, it's there.
  It's fine.
  It's fine.
  That's a, dad doesn't go, an average dad doesn't go in  and go, the flow here doesn't make sense.
  I'm confused.
  Yeah, nobody.
  And again, so many popular attractions.
  Yeah, so as long as everyone likes the rides,  this is a real nerd critique.
  Yeah, to have.
  Now, Toy Story Land itself,  I mean, I think that everything's very Technicolor.
  It looks beautiful at night.
  The lighting is great.
  Yeah, yeah.
  It feels like the better version of like Bug's Life.
  I know Bug's Land, like Bug's Land's a little more even little kid,  but this feels like a bigger budget version of that,  where it's like kids are gonna really enjoy this  and the vibe is fun.
  Well, so it's this kind of a cousin to,  I mean, it's called Toy Story Land,  and Toy Story Land exists in other parks.
  Right.
  It's in Disney Studios Paris, it's in Hong Kong,  Main Disneyland, and then Shanghai Disneyland.
  So this is in Magic Kingdom style parks,  but all of those don't have Slinky Dog Dash.
  They have like pretty inessential rides,  like RC Racer kind of like going up and down in a big curve,  or they have a Slinky Dog thing that's like a very carnival style.
  It's like an endless loop that kind of drifts up and down.
  You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
  It's like a, what are they called?  Slinky Dog Zig Zag Spin is what it's called there.
  And either Hong Kong or Shanghai has this alien thing.
  The swirling saucers.
  Swirling saucers, but there it's called Woody's Roundup,  and it's critters, but it's that same thing  where there's a front car and then you pivot along the back  and slide back and forth.
  And then they're doing that with Baymax in Tokyo.
  Is that right?  And it's made here.
  It's made here, yeah.
  I like this genre of ride.
  That later ride is a sleeper.
  It is really fun.
  And a lot of fun.
  But it's, I bring all this up to say the previous Toy Story lands  are kind of garbage.
  They're sort of just thrown in a little hat,  like pretty inessential rides.
  Good job on the art and everything.
  And like it has some of the same things,  like the same Woody leaning up on the side.
  Like you're in Woody's backyard, it's the same premise.
  Great job art direction-wise, but like the rides are nothing.
  So it's nice to see it go into an American park  with a good solid ride as the fundamental.
  Yeah.
  And good, kind of fulfilling a need,  because another thing about Hollywood Studios,  I'm sure people with kids would say,  is there is a lot of stuff that everyone can do as a family,  and then there's the thrill rides for the adults and the teens.
  But there weren't a ton of kitty, kitty rides,  and you get that.
  I never have been in that park, yeah.
  Yeah, with the swirling saucers and Toy Story mania.
  And if they're a little bigger, the slinky dog.
  Very popular still.
  Like all this opened in, this expansion opened in 2018.
  Obviously Toy Story mania has been open for a little while longer.
  I checked, looking right now, I checked this morning.
  So slinky dog was down this morning,  which caused Toy Story mania to go up to a two hour wait.
  Flying, swirling saucers was 45 earlier today and 25 now.
  Now slinky dog is kind of down to 90 minutes,  and mania is at 45 minutes.
  But 90 minutes for a smaller coaster, that is a substantial wait.
  Yeah, I think you'd still then get on and do it,  and feel like it was worth the wait.
  I think it did an hour.
  What did you guys end up at?  We was the last thing we did.
  This was the, we told a little bit of this story when we were in Florida.
  It was Lindsay and I and Jason, and we decided,  we were going to be able to do two rides.
  Slinky was one of them because we were going to get there right before close,  and then Jason and Lindsay did Tower of Terror, and I chose Aerosmith.
  I had the rock one last time before we left Orlando.
  And then I remember you guys got done very fast.
  Oh, we got on that so quick.
  And Aerosmith was taking forever.
  And I was looking at my phone like, am I not going to get to do the ride?  This is going to suck.
  You told us to just go.
  Well, yeah, I told you to go.
  Don't worry about it.
  Don't worry.
  Don't wait for me.
  And then I was racing through Hollywood Studios and I got in line.
  I caught up to you.
  You caught up.
  Well, we might have been winded from walking through just a wall of smoke from that Star Wars  firework show, just the fireworks were set off so close, just like a wall of carcinogens in the air.
  Yes.
  So I think that we got, maybe we didn't do more than 30 minutes.
  No, it was pretty quick.
  The only thing that happened for me was that I, by the time we were off the ride and exiting the park,  it was 1030, just half hour after the park closed.
  And exactly when the Skyliner closed at a hard 1030 and I walked up to it at like 1033 and they were turned.
  They turned away a guy with like a double wide stroller.
  And so of course they're going to turn me away.
  So yeah, hopefully that Skyliners run a little later because those buses run for two hours.
  So yeah, we didn't wait very long and the line is very fun and pleasant and outside.
  And it's a nice, yeah, I don't know.
  Big Jesse, big T Rex.
  Big Rex.
  Yeah.
  Rex is yells like, I'm so high up.
  Wall of Sean.
  He's very excited.
  Yeah, Wall of Sean.
  Rex is Wall of Sean.
  Very high up yelling.
  So you got Wall of Sean.
  It sounded like Wall of Sean.
  I think some of these people have sound-alikes for various things,  but like it's always them for the official shorts that air on ABC and obviously the movies.
  There's an A team and a B team with some of these people.
  And Tom Hanks' brother does Woody.
  Yep.
  I think probably does Woody in this land.
  I think so.
  I think still not Tom Hanks, although they had Tom Hanks and Tim Allen do a lot of Toy Story press from the new land.
  Yes.
  Like Toy Story 4, that lined up for them.
  I watched some videos of Tim Allen going on the rides, going on mania,  and then trying to explain what it's like to be in the land, but very incoherently.
  Just like the level of you reach it, you can then you can give it a touch.
  You reach and it's there.
  And it's why we, it feels like how we were in the movie of when Buzz went into it.
  It feels like when Buzz was on it.
  And that's how you touch it.
  It was just a real odd rant.
  And it's funny how it doesn't make you think about the odd standing of Tim Allen today.
  How in the beginning of this franchise, he's America's favorite.
  And now as this ride opens, it's like he's the uncle you have to invite.
  Yeah.
  You know, I was watching a Jimmy Kimmel interview with Tim Allen a couple of days ago, unrelated to this episode.
  And I was like, he's doing some of a stand up and he's like, you're like, yeah, this was like America's sweetheart.
  Yeah.
  20 years ago.
  And I have some affection for him.
  I don't want to put the guy down.
  It's very funny.
  ABC canceled his TV show, but then he's still got to be around the family because he's Buzz Lightyear.
  And it's back on Fox.
  It's back on Fox.
  Disney doesn't own Fox, the broadcast channel.
  No, Disney doesn't own Fox, the broadcast channel, but they bought the company 20th Century Fox,  which now is not going to be called 20th Century Fox.
  20th Century Television and Films.
  Yes.
  20th Century Studios, which very everything very confusing.
  Dr.
 Augustine?  Dr.
 Augustine.
  Dr.
 Augustine, I believe.
  Got it.
  Yeah.
  But Tim Allen, I was going to say like, Tim Allen's got that thing where like his biggest gripe is that like he can't say he can't say something inappropriate once in a while.
  Needing to say these words.
  What do you need to say?  What do you think?  What are you upset about?  The buzz in this land does say some weird stuff, some weird comments.
  Yeah, I just don't think everything Trump says is so bad.
  I just think once in a while, that makes sense.
  Just give him a chance.
  It's only year three.
  Respect the office is all I'm saying.
  The biggest enemy in the galaxy is the PC police.
  Emperor's are emperors or emperors or in comparison to emperors or headwaters.
  Yeah.
  College campuses.
  I do battle with social justice warriors.
  Enemy number one, Greta Thunberg.
  Just let me use whatever light bulbs I want.
  She's not as good as Andy or what's the other girl's name?  I hope Andy isn't getting any ideas in college.
  What do you ever wonder what Andy's getting up to?  We can't even do a stand up show for Andy at his college.
  I'm not chance in it.
  I'm not chance.
  Andy's going to be too upset with the language.
  I'm kind of relieved he gave us away.
  I don't want to hear that he kissed a boy or something.
  Well, now, funny you bring that up because this is one of those theme park lands that exists kind of in a timeless out of time, out of continuity, because Andy, the idea of slinky dog is that  Andy has set up a roller coaster kit in his backyard, a roller coaster kit and then hunt somehow also retrofitted slinky to be the vehicle, which is outrageous.
  I had a really good, some people might have had this or you guys might have had it.
  There was a Kinects roller coaster set that was killer.
  Oh, yeah.
  Great Christmas present.
  And there's some Kinects esque pieces in this lot.
  Like the turnstiles feel very, those spokes that fan out.
  And so this, so as you describe that, I'm very, it flashes me back to my childhood.
  Yeah.
  So Andy is not off at college yet, or he is.
  And like Walt Disney has just developed a quote eccentric hobbies while he was away.
  He comes home every week.
  He's on break.
  He's home every week.
  He's one of those.
  I'm building my ideal world in the backyard.
  Not like me.
  I only came home from college every three weekends.
  You got to do that.
  I totally left the nest.
  You're saying, sorry, I didn't know Andy is maybe Andy is still around in Toy Story land here for sure.
  Because it says Andy.
  Yeah, it says like Andy built, built this in his backyard.
  So he's not given the characters have not been given away yet.
  Huh?  Interesting.
  But was Forky present when we were there?  He has been at some point.
  He's kind of it's the entire thing.
  Forky.
  That's what you're talking about on Rise of the Resistance of like, just put a baby Yoda in there somewhere.
  Yeah, ultimately nobody really.
  Honestly, I don't think I'm so I'm as shocked as I am is because of Star Wars being so rigid and where it is in the timeline.
  So now I'm like, well, this doesn't make sense.
  Like now I'm upset.
  This is what's the new what's the what's the new who does he give it to?  What's the girl's name?  Andy, his toys.
  He gives what's her name?  She's seen three and so long and I haven't seen.
  I can't think of her name.
  She goes with Forky to the I've seen the movie.
  The movies are great.
  I can't think of her name.
  Oh, this is I'm sorry.
  He hands it to her.
  He hands her.
  I also like her.
  I like the kid.
  Yeah, she's fun.
  And then he gives her the toys and you just start weeping uncontrollably because Jesus Christ.
  Still Bonnie.
  Bonnie.
  Of course.
  Still three more powerful to me than four.
  There was the talk that four was going to be more emotional somehow.
  And it's not.
  No way.
  I don't I'm fine with it existing.
  There's the thought of does it need to?  Is it essential?  I still enjoyed it very much.
  However, if it had stopped at three, I assumed it was stopping at three.
  Well, clearly that was the cash.
  The cash can't be stopped rolling in, Jason.
  Yeah.
  Three is unbelievable.
  Yeah.
  Three is a couple of things that are just devastating.
  Four is fine.
  It's enjoyable.
  I also think four is designed to break it free from the mind.
  To break it free from a pattern to continue it.
  Because like you're you're especially the four you're like everyone's like they have to start out in a kid's room.
  They have to like there's a reason that they go somewhere.
  They're confined to like a sort of a set of rules for these movies.
  So this is spoiler alert for four.
  You call.
  I would.
  Is that true?  Yeah.
  I mean, I don't want to spoil this.
  I know you can spoil it.
  It's been you shouldn't.
  You should enjoy it.
  You should see the.
  Do you want to put your hands in your fingers?  Sure.
  I'll put my fingers in my ears.
  All right.
  All right.
  And you want to hum like a little bit or something?  Hum a song while so you don't hear any of it.
  Well, like in the trailer, I just want that to be a big hum.
  God only knows which plays in the trailer for Toy Story 4 while I tell and I explain what my philosophy is.
  Just wave when you're done.
  OK.
  Are you ready to sing?  I'm good.
  How far that he gets?  Not if he's pitchy.
  He's going to be pitchy.
  No offense.
  I would be pitchy.
  It's hard song sing.
  OK.
  All right.
  So my philosophy is go for it.
  You don't want to sing, do you?  Sing any song you want.
  Camp town races.
  I thought you were done.
  I can't hear.
  No.
  Oh, you can't.
  We don't have to sing.
  OK.
  Never mind.
  OK.
  I've been doing this bit and Jason has been thinking that he hasn't even heard what I've  been saying about singing.
  I don't know the bit.
  Take it out of your take your.
  I was saying in order to get to the point where you're not going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  I thought you were talking.
  I heard the phrase.
  You covered your ears really well.
  Yeah.
  That's the phrase.
  God only knows.
  And I didn't know if you meant a song or the aphorism.
  All right.
  Man, God knows it's sad to what he does.
  So OK, what he gets thrown into a woodshed.
  All right.
  OK.
  Do it fast.
  I just say so that what he leaves the whole group.
  And I'm like, OK, I'm going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  I'm going to sing.
  All right.
  OK.
  Here.
  Do it fast.
  I just say so that what he leaves the whole group and then he goes off on an adventure  with a Bo Peep.
  And I think that's the sign to be like now it's going to we can he's in the world.
  He can do a bunch of different stuff.
  We're not just tied down to say I'm happy for him.
  I'm happy.
  He's on his own.
  He found a good girl.
  And it's I think it's that's great thing.
  That being said, Buzz acts very strangely and for and I don't care for it.
  Oh, really?  He does.
  He like deserts Woody when he goes back into the antique shop.
  We should unfreeze.
  OK.
  All right.
  I was pushing too hard.
  I'm really impressed.
  Yeah.
  And I'm glad you didn't lose your oxygen.
  I was also actively not like concentrate concentrate on what you're seeing.
  So you're not not not lip reading.
  Yeah.
  Well, I'm impressed by those abilities.
  I mean, that's like playing dead when Andy comes in.
  Oh, it's only Disney Plus now.
  They should do something to like rile Tim Allen up like with Buzz Lightyear.
  Like Buzz should be gay or he should have to transition or something like just to rile  Tim.
  You don't have to go that far.
  He can like you're right.
  You can hold a person.
  You're right.
  And like he probably was like, now this whole.
  Yeah.
  When they make me drink tea.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I don't care.
  Snip that.
  Can you get a sound alike?  Or when he becomes a senior buzz and freeze like, yeah, yeah.
  But these these guys know we also include some dialogue about how the senior buzz types  are hurting the ones who came here the correct way.
  The senior buzzes that earn a living.
  His lazy opinions is bad, lazy opinions that he for sure has.
  When we were Mike, when you and I got on, I feel like your first thing that you clocked  like in terms of like, oh, that's off was the Jim Varney sound alike.
  Oh, well, he's and he's been doing that for it's the brother.
  Is that right? I think no.
  He's a guy.
 He's the guy who plays  Sean Hunter's dad on Boy Meets World.
  Kind of like a guy, a very character actor guy.
  His name is Blake.
 I don't remember his last name, but a similar type, just like a big,  you know, a big bear of a guy.
  Oh, yeah.
 Who I think knew Jim Varney and took over for it.
  And like was I think had a lot of emotion about taking over for him.
  And that was after that.
  That happened in Toy Story 2.
  Yeah.
 I think.
  No, Varney's still around in two.
  Is it three then when he takes away, I guess?  OK.
 I mean, I think I did think it sounded better in the movies.
  And then Sean Kennan is the actor impersonating Robert Goulet at the end.
  OK, because Goulet did Wheezy.
  Wheezy singing voice.
  OK, yeah, the crooner, the surprisingly good crooner voice.
  Blake Clark is the man's name.
  Blake Clark.
 I think he does a good job.
  I like that they made that decision to try to like instead of just like  they killed Slinky Dog.
  You've got a lot of this craziness with this cast now where like there's some  the last one had pre-recorded Rickles lines.
  They like had to find generic  because they didn't want to deal with, you know, the shoe leather of  we have to get potato head out.
  Yeah.
 I mean, there's so many care by four.
  There are so many characters.
  It feels like there are 40 characters in these movies.
 Yeah.
  And we don't get a lot of time.
  That's a gripe I have with the classics, but they want to like represent everyone.
  So they may have like eight Rickles alts.
  And then they should just after at this point, they'll just start diving  into his act, I guess.
  Yeah.
  He'll he'll be insulting different races.
  Tim Allen's back in.
 He's excited now.
  Yeah.
 But Rickles does it in a way that's, you know, it's with love.
  It's not with.
  And they're all big people here tonight.
  And then, yeah, potato head makes a big speech at the end, how like, you know,  he makes fun of all people, you know, all different types.
  11 fun.
  Maybe pair up a pair of Bows and Potato Head a little more next time.
  Would you?  I yeah.
  I think the guy I think I think this linky guy does an admirable job.
  And I you're reminding me of something that I'm amazed I was able to get on this ride  because there are two major fear spots at play for me.
  One, it is a launch coaster.
  I'll be at a tame one.
  And two, it involves a Jim Varney-esque voice.
  And Jim Varney factors into my most frightening childhood memory.
  Ernest goes to Splash Mountain.
  Of course, we have two big triggers for me.
  Sure.
 Sorry, Tim.
  I feel very triggered, but I managed to still go classical sense.
  Yes, that's like psychology.
  The actual I don't.
 Yeah, I think Tim's OK if you're like scared by a ghost or something.
  Yeah, you're that kind of.
  Yeah, he's fine with that.
  Two launches on this, right?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Launches top speed, though only 40 miles an hour.
  So like by roller coaster standards, pretty.
  I think if you were a kid and this was your first roller coaster, you'd be like,  Jack, you would love it.
  It's a great kid's great.
  Yeah, probably a perfect one.
  Yeah.
 Less rickety than Big Thunder.
  So smooth.
 You just glide.
  And it's it's really fun.
  Yeah, this is one where I think if you were like the age for it,  like whatever it is, you know, you're 10 years old and you've never been on one before.
  You would feel so brave to because it like isn't so scary,  but it still like goes up pretty high and like it's a big like it's got a big footprint,  like even more so than Big Thunder, which is a good first coaster as well.
  But like you can see this would have scared me as a kid because I could see the track.
  But I would I would have felt so brave.
  Yeah, I'll be honest.
 I felt so brave doing it, too.
  So that still is in my head.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  Do you think I feel I'm still my yeah, I still feel brave for launches.
  Yeah, it's really not.
  I and I like that you sort of it's like a miniature story coaster.
  It's like a mini Hagrid's or what it sounds like Guardians is going to be.
  Well, it's not like story throughout, but you have that little like step down.
  It's a little like Big Thunder in that regard, too, that like you have this middle section.
  You have you have a beat in it where you go down, stop and then go through that tunnel  and get your what are those little fans supposed to be that give you power?  Oh, yeah.
 I don't know what you would call that.
  I mean, like on old matchbox tracks like it all looks supposed to be like  you set up an elaborate old I mean, it says roller coaster kit,  but it reminds me of like a matchbox or like slot car races.
  Yeah, sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I don't know what you would call those.
  But it's yeah, it's very I guess I didn't I had some hot wheels.
  I was not a big Hot Wheels kid.
  I was not that into cars.
  I was into like Ninja Turtle vehicles that had wheels.
  I had some cars like the toilet taxi.
  It was a vehicle.
 What?  There was a there was a vehicle.
  I mean, a turtle toy, I think was for the villains called the toilet taxi.
  And it was just a tiny little like kind of ATV ish kind of thing.
  But the seat was a toilet.
  And now that I'm saying it out loud, I don't really know why it was called like other.
  They just maybe were putting it together with pieces of stuff.
  Well, I don't know that you would like shit into it.
  And that was the fuel for the toilet taxi.
  But now that I've said it, it's canon, I guess.
  Hmm.
 But neither of you had the toilet tax.
  Now that I see it, I remember the toilet taxi.
  But the toilet is like a secondary like component.
  It also looks more like a dune buggy.
  There was also a talking toilet ghostbusters toy, too, I believe, like a ghost.
  That I remember more.
  Do you remember the ghost toilet, Scott? No.
  Here's the toilet taxi.
  It's a little small, but Leonardo is sitting on a toilet.
  I guess so.
 The Leonardo guy.
  Oh, it is the good guys.
 I was wrong.
 It's not villains.
  It's the good guy.
  So Leonardo would take a.
  That makes a little more sense because they're scrounging.
  You know, right.
  Scrapping.
 That's what it is.
  Yes.
 Well, what else?  What are the also they going to find a seat?  Mm hmm.
 The toilet is, I guess, just in the sewer flushed a toilet down the toilet.
  Someone flushed a toilet down a toilet  and Donatello used it for a vehicle.
  I was low on turtle vehicles, I think.
  But did you have like the blimp or the party wagon?  I don't know that I had anything.
  I think I had just individual characters and weapons.
  I'm sorry.
 Yeah.
  Jason, the van party version of the party wagon.
  It's a simple.
 But that was it.
  I think so.
 No, I never had the blimp.
  I saw a Batmobile and saw a Batplane and that did it for me.
  That's good.
 Was it the Keaton Batman  bat plane? I had that the batwing.
  And the Batman Returns playset that is his mansion and  how and Slayer.
  That was you still have that.
  I do.
 Yes.
  You should display that on a mantle.
  Yeah, maybe I should.
  Yeah, that's that's just resting in my my parents closet.
  The nightmare of a toy and Toy Story.
  Oh, yeah.
 Nobody's played with it in quite a while.
  Can you imagine what they're saying about you since you've abandoned them?  Oh, yeah.
 They must be really bitter.
 Yeah.
  My toilet taxi is under us in the storage in our garage.
  Oh, so it's around.
  They feel your presence sometimes.
  They know you're they know you're close.
  You sometimes park it in your parking spot.
  I take the toilet taxi to like taking around.
  Yeah, I will drive up and audition.
  I have a taxi.
  I had a biplane like the Ghostbusters.
  That's a very weird, elaborate stuff.
  And it was like a biplane that Egon rode in.
  I know you're talking about.
  Yeah, it was a big like biplane.
  Like it's wild.
  They had to reach for these because they had to just keep selling stuff.
  So they were just making up whatever.
  Every Batman either came with a catapult or a gun.
  Like that, you know, the famous character who loves projectile weapons.
  Well, yeah.
 And then there would be like neon purple Batman from a Batman Forever.
  And you'd be like, he didn't wear this costume in the movie.
  And there were like 15 versions of it.
  There's a really funny joke in the Batman Brave and the Bold cartoon  where it's like he goes into like it's like crazy.
  It's like something loose Batman.
  And he like has a loose like in the Olympics.
  And it's just it's making fun of like all these weird toys  they've made over the years with him and like weird vehicles.
  So we like uses a luge to get somewhere very fast.
  OK, like that shark repellent, you know, some fine history of that.
  Yes.
 Slinky Dog.
  I looked up the the manufacturer is a company named Mac Rides.
  It's got a shout out to them.
 Shout out to them.
  They're out of Germany.
  Their full name has a bunch of German abbreviations.
  I couldn't say, but colloquially called Mac Rides.
  They have a very interesting track record of stuff.
  They've made a lot of rides for international parks.
  OK, and they they hear domestically Goofy Skyschool.
  OK, all the dreaded Coast Rider at Nott's.
  It seems like wild mouses are their specialty.
  And Coast Rider, not Coast Rider.
 Yes, that's right.
 OK.
  And then Dudley Do-Rites Rips All Falls.
  Storm Force Accelerator.
 OK.
  So and then like, yeah, a lot of coasters,  many of them at like Alton Towers or parks in Asia.
  I think we do under acknowledge these kinds of companies  that actually build the things in a lot of cases.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Dudley Do-Rites, I'm impressed.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Good lineup, guys.
  Yeah, this is it feels like I'm always curious.
  Like with that, we were talking about that RC car thing,  which is kind of like a riff on like these bad.
  I don't even know what you call those back and forth carnival rides.
  Yeah.
 I'm always wondering like what that company is.
  And it's just like off the shelf.
  And then they go, yeah, but can you just build the RC car from Toy Story?  Around it, I guess that is sort of what it is.
  So yeah, like we'll bring our design elements, but like the engine is.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Which if you're not if you're doing a ride that isn't reinventing the wheel,  if it's not a rise to the resistance that has to be built from scratch,  I guess, why not?  I mean, that is what they did with Rock and Rollercoaster.
  I assume they weren't just standard limo cars.
  Probably not limos already.
  No, I think there's a level of customization.
  It's interesting with Disney, because when it first opened,  they had to really get a lot of help.
  They made some stuff themselves, and then they got some like  amusement park manufacturing third parties.
  And then with Mapo, that was a machine show.
  They would make so much of themselves.
  But eventually it just made more sense  as the industry grew to also use some third party companies to like,  all right, we'll design the rollercoaster and then you build the track  and all this stuff.
  You're Howard Garner Holt, who did not do Hagrid's.
  They like they did the vehicle like  nightmares them and cars is them that  they're like amending rides where like it's probably too much workload  for Disney to do it all from scratch.
 Yeah.
  So they can take some of the weight off.
  Here's talking about that RC thing.
  I was thinking about this how I don't think there is a franchise,  probably in Disney, probably anywhere that has more rides based on it  than Toy Story.
 Yeah, for sure.
  There's the major ones.
  It is such a in Ogden Augustine world.
  There is so much convolutedness with this.
  So the Slinky Dog Dash, which is different than Slinky Dog Zig Zag Spin.
  There's Toy Story Midway Mania, but that is often called Toy Story Mania.
  So Jack Jack's Cookie Num Num versus Num Num Cookie.
  Sometimes it's a plain num num.
 Yeah.
  Buzz Lightyear's Astro Blasters is also elsewhere called Buzz Lightyear's  Space Rangers Spin and is also elsewhere called Buzz Lightyear's Laser Blast.
  Then there's Jesse's Critter Carousel,  RC Racer in one of the other ones is Rex's Racer.
  And then Toy Story Parachute Drop is a parachute.
  I'm sorry, Toy Soldier Parachute Drop, not Toy Story Parachute Drop.
  And as I said, Woody's Roundup and Alien  Swirling Saucers are the same ride mechanism, but they have different themes  and names.
 There are so many.
  It is a very spread out convoluted ride franchise.
  How many are how many are those?  That is one to if I'm not counting renames, one, two, three, four, five, six,  seven, eight, nine, nine.
 OK.
  Would you count Woody's Roundup and Alien Swirling Saucers as the same ride?  Mate? No.
 OK.
  Then it's like 10.
 I think.
  How many I'm trying to think how many Batman related  coasters are there? That's too tough.
  But that has to that might be that might be at least maybe there are  have been more Batman rides than Toy Story, but all so spread out everywhere.
  All over the place.
 We do have to hit that topic one day.
  That's a lot to tackle.
  But Batman, the rides, the episode, not Batman, the ride, but all of the ride.
  And then the rides is a very fun.
  That's that's how I've had it in my head for a while.
 Yeah.
  And yet are any of them good?  Is one of them good?  Well, by 1992 standards, that queue and the coaster.
  We're very good.
  I think it's pretty solid, solid, suspended  or like your feet hanging kind of coaster.
  Although I don't know if they're all that.
  You know, I liked Ridler's revenge, which you would.
  Are we counting Ridler in Batman?  Yeah.
 Right.
 Because it's one of his.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So I liked Ridler's revenge.
  I thought that was fun.
 Mm hmm.
  So, you know, they're fine.
  There's nothing there's nothing.
  And you count Justice League in there.
  I would.
 Well, yeah, I would count that.
  I and I like that funhouse they just put in where the Jared Leto  Joker throws used condoms at you.
  You have to avoid them.
  That was actually getting served for that.
  He self produced that on his own.
  It was him in there.
 Oh, yeah, it was him on his cult.
  His weird like 30 Seconds to Mars cult island.
  And if you go up to guest services and you complain, they just.
  Well, it's part of his process.
  You know, it's just what he has to do.
  Did you not see the way for her?  Did you know that you passed by on the way in?  That's just that's how he works.
  Acknowledge that any semen on your person is part of a process.
  There should be a funhouse with all the different jokers  and all of their different processes for getting into character.
  Don't let don't let Joaquin kick you.
  Joaquin will kick and punch and yeah.
  Jared, the condoms and rats like a dead rat he gave to Margot Robbie, I think.
  That was a thing he did.
  And then Jack will just like do a bunch of cocaine and watch a Lakers game.
  And then that's how he gets in character for the Joker.
  Cesar Ramirez process, painting his mustache, painting the mustache  as a cocktail while he's doing it.
  Very relaxed.
  Just remember to have fun.
  It's so much fun, he says.
  There's a great interview with him.
  It's on Twitter where he's in like a white undershirt and he's got the makeup on.
  And there's just like a very old like a lady like that.
  She's not old, but like an old time reporter and like, oh, you're in this Batman.
  And he's like, yes, it's a wonderful time.
  We enjoy it.
 It's fun to play the Joker.
  That's great.
  And she's like, oh, that's so you look like you're having so much.
  We're having so much fun.
  Everything's wonderful.
  And you cut to the rap in a condom on the set of.
  I know Suicide Squad.
  Well, also you cut to a different room at these Batman 66 set  where you had sent me the article of like producers tried to get Burt Ward  to take penis shrinking pills.
  I did not.
 Anthony Geo sent that to you.
  Sorry, Anthony Geo sent it to us.
  They tried to wait.
  Why don't they just I heard they like tried to tape him down.
  They tried to shrink his dick.
  There's also Burt Ward.
  He has a book that did with Grayson's dick.
  Yeah, he has a book about his exploits as Robin.
  And I've read all of it.
  But I remember like it was in our house growing up for some reason.
  And it's a picture of his dick on the cover, essentially.
  And I was like, I like knew I knew was wrong.
  What does that mean?  Well, like picture of the underwear.
  It wasn't as naked.
 Yes, that's not.
  Yeah, that's essentially that's what I'm saying.
  Like it's a close up of like the underwear.
  It's a photograph.
  Yeah, on him.
  I'm saying that's not so far from the way I described it.
  I'm just saying like you're just you're as offended by a bulge  as you would be by a well, a close up bulge.
  Yes.
 If that's what the what they're directing my eye line to.
  What you're saying is Batman 66 land would be multiple different levels  of disturbing.
 Yeah.
  But he talks about in that book about like,  I feel like he's bragging about how much like sex he had.
  And then he's like talking about how his balls swelled up  to the size of like grapefruits like because of being restricted.
  No, because of like too much activity, because of two,  because he was having too much sex.
  He's all I'm saying is that like once in a while he just starts  talking about like his dick and balls on the set of Batman in bizarre ways.
  And he's at it again.
  Chris O'Donnell doesn't do the stuff like this.
  He's a respectable.
  Yes.
 You know, he shows up, gets the work done, goes home, you know.
  So there's certain episodes where they had to like strategically  place thugs to block the two hulking grapefruits.
  Right.
 Coming out of those tights.
  They well, and Adam West talked about stuffing.
  He put a sock in there.
  He had to build up.
 Yeah.
  Oh, no.
 Poor Adam.
  So but Bert, I purple word.
  Maybe he's just he's weaving a tale.
  I don't know.
 I'm suspicious is all I'm saying.
  But then there's that great story of Adam West and Frank Gorshin going to an orgy.
  Well, there's a look that up.
  Oh, my God.
  They they're the version like Adam West or Frank Gorshin tells is just like,  and we went in when we were being silly and we left.
  I mean, of course, that's not the way that ends.
  It's like, oh, my God, we're in an orgy with Batman and the Riddler.
  And they're participating.
 That's what I'm assuming.
  In costume.
  I don't believe they were in costume, but I'd like to imagine they were.
  Now he's somebody's going down on  John Hannibal that he's doing the  that's easy.
  Yeah.
 Yep.
 Yep.
  Anyway, oh, my.
  This episode is not staying on track.
  Yeah.
 For this being about a children's ride, it's had a lot of Batman sex in it.
  And funny that you say that.
  So there's one restaurant back in Toy Story Land, Woody's Lunchbox.
  And they sell a couple of different kinds of essentially like grilled cheese,  tater tots, tomato soup.
  They also have three different beers on tap.
  Like everything is lunch, like as if Woody was getting it for lunch,  including they sell a snack that's like a package of three of those little  Babel cheese wheels.
  And then also you can get Blue Moon or Angry Orchard.
  Something for dad.
  I see no issue here.
  Something for dad.
  I just think it's very funny that they're like.
  Well, what's funny, I think about it is just that it's called like Woody.
  It's Woody's Lunchbox, right?  It is Woody's Lunchbox.
  But it's oh, I guess Woody is kind of.
  Because Woody, if it was Andy's lunchbox and Andy was.
  Is it Andy's lunch?  I don't know.
  Now that I got to double check this.
  Because if you know, if Andy is sneaking on Angry Orchard, that's funny.
  Because you can get I get a vodka, like a vodka drink at the Cozy Cone.
  And Cars is a children's movie.
  And I think you can get a beer at Flo's.
  But the difference is if it's like tied to a character,  if it's like a Mater Scotch, it is Woody's lunchbox.
  That's the funny thing.
  If it's like have a have a little shot with Mater.
  This is what Mater likes to drink.
  Or it's like called this like motor oil or is carburetor fluid.
  There have to be places you can get alcohol that are named after.
  Yeah, I'm trying to think of other kids.
  And the cars and the and Woody are grown ups.
  Woody is what he could be.
  I think Woody is like 70 years old.
  Woody is very old.
 That's true.
  And the cars are adult cars.
  So you're right.
 They can have alcohol.
  I mean, there's an implication that Bonnie Hunt's character in Cars  has had a bit of an adventurous youth because they cut to her tramp stamp.
  It's a point.
 Oh, I didn't know that.
  A gag where she has like, oh, is that Holly Shiftwell?  No, no, that's a different character.
  That's the spy.
  Now, she's probably done some unspeakable things  because what required in the world of espionage.
  Right.
 Holly Shiftwell is in Cars two.
  And then who is who is Bonnie Hunt in Cars one?  Is she I want to say Sally.
 Is that wrong?  I can't think of Bonnie Hunt's character's name.
  She doesn't have a pun.
  If she has Sally, that feels like a Helen to me.
  But I don't know that to be the fact.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, I think you're right.
  Given that all of the cars have that it's Lightning McQueen.
  It is Sally.
 But Sally Carrera.
  She does have a last name.
 Oh, Carrera.
  OK.
 All right.
  That was such genuine delight.
  You giggled like for a good solid three seconds.
  I just read it.
  Oh, and poor George Carlin is film or George Carlin.
  Oh, well, that's you know, he didn't choose that name.
  That's true.
 He didn't.
  So Carlson, the light bulb.
  Never thought about that.
  I have not thought about the fact that I could be a Cars character.
  You're a pun.
 Yeah.
  Or or if like, or if they like Flintstone to people's names,  I wouldn't have to even like if they cars, if cars in people's names  was just like Flintstone in people's name, was you but rock or stone?  They wouldn't have to do that for me.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You're already like Carl.
 Car Olson.
  Olson.
 They really backed themselves in a corner with that Flintstones rock thing.
  Rock and stone, you mean? Yeah.
  Like Sylvester Stallone stone, which they say in one of like  the Hollywood one.
 Yeah.
  They call him Sylvester Stallone stone.
  They just they just added one.
  Not Sylvester Stone Lone.
  Stone.
 I guess not Stoll Stone.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Stoll Stone Lone.
  Stone Lone.
  I mean, yeah, like it kind of hit the ears weird at first, but now I'm coming around.
  I don't know.
 It's hard.
 It's hard.
  Stone Lone.
 Yeah.
  It seems like a fun puzzle, but it could get infuriating at a certain point.
  That's well.
 It was tough days in the Flintstones writers room.
 Sure.
  Long hours.
 A lot of sketch for them.
  Yeah.
 Pack a day.
 Pack a day writers room.
  Yeah.
 There was no alcohol in Bugsland, obviously.
  That was for children.
  There wasn't really a restaurant there, though.
  So I bet if there was a restaurant, you could have gotten a little  you know, something.
 Tons in Pixar Pier.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, that's true.
  And Paradise Gardens Pier.
  Paradise Gardens.
  No, Paradise Gardens Park next to Pixar.
  Pixar Place.
 The Paradise Pier Hotel.
 Yeah.
  They had a thing.
  Uh huh.
 Yeah.
  Slinky dog.
 What else?  What else? I like the sound cues, the slinky sounds like when you're going.
  Sure.
 Yeah.
  And you're sitting in the body like you see the rings of it.
  You're sitting in the middle of his body.
  I yeah, that's great.
  I do like all the big boxes.
  They really they went.
  They got a very like authentic looking boxes, like and they made like facsimiles  of like other companies and like games, a lot like board game stuff.
  And then right when you get on the start, I think is where you see  Rex's box, which I really enjoy.
  Oh, where Rex came from?  It's and it's Tyrannosaurus Rex.
  And it's like he's great.
  It's very painterly and he looks like scary.
  Oh, yeah.
  And there's an Al's Toy Barn tag.
  That's nice, which is real fun, which has the date of the movie  when it came out, I believe on it.
  Like that.
  And then like there's a little there's a nod to like they call it's a fake company  called like Borealis who made him.
  And then it's also available from Borealis Triceratops.
  And one of the videos I was watching was like, is that mean that's Trixie  also made by the same company?  Probably.
 Probably.
  I really like that idea that she's part of the same line.
  Line of dinosaur toys.
  That was clever, I thought.
  And then I did not know this on the box.
  Tyrannosaurus means tyrant lizard in ancient Greek and Rex means king in Latin.
  You didn't know those things?  I did not know those dinosaur facts from like age six.
  No.
  Jason, you know, I knew I knew the king part because of Oedipus Rex.
  Of course.
  I love the story of Oedipus.
  This is where I just really into Oedipus.
  Uh oh.
  A Freudian slip about Oedipus.
  There's a great little nod to the dog they adopt at the end of Toy Story 1.
  His little tag is hanging.
  Oh, that's good.
 Buster.
  And it has their address on it.
  Which is very cute.
  Oh, I like a lot of the boxes provide shade for much of the queue.
  That's a good practical thing because you're going to be waiting a while.
  You know, it's been a complaint around there is shade.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I mean, they could have enclosed it a little more, but.
  I like the boxes.
  A thing I'll say about the land itself is that it does remind me of the  Honey I Shrunk the Kids land.
  Yeah.
  Because it's got big stuff.
  Big things, big toys.
  So, but there's no.
  You're in a yard.
  You're in a yard, but there's no like big thing to slide down or anything.
  No.
  A playground would be fun.
  Like a playground.
  I wonder if they're like not doing that anymore for legal purposes.
  Probably right.
  Good point.
  Yeah.
  Because yeah.
  Although they still have the like Grizzly Challenge trail up in California Adventure.
  You think that's just a twisted ankle waiting to happen.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There's like a slide thing.
  I think if it's already there, it's grandfathered in.
  They wouldn't build one now.
  I like I tend to not want to do the topic microparsing, but if you would have me, seven-year-old  as a guest on the show, I would have demanded to do Honey, I Shrunk the Kids playground  separate from the Kodak slide.
  I would have said that's its own episode.
  Because to me at that time, maybe my favorite attraction in Disney World.
  I loved the Kodak slide.
  I like that.
  I yeah.
  The Kodak slide is very, it looms large.
  Yeah.
  And there were big bugs that I did not care for.
  That's gross.
  Honey, I Shrunk the Kids scared the shit out of me.
  I never saw it.
  The idea of a big bee.
  The big bee.
  I have never seen the first one.
  Whoa.
  Oh, we talk about plus this up.
  We'll figure out what we're doing for that soon.
  But the yeah, that they throw it on.
  It's fun.
  I'm sure it is.
  I saw the second one.
  I've seen the kid theaters.
  I remember the first one I liked and I liked all the tricks, but I also found the idea  of like being trapped in somewhere familiar.
  We're trapped in the yard and we're so little like I was like, oh, I don't know.
  Disturbing.
  Oh yeah, I was disturbed by it.
  Disturbing.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, my point with Toy Story Land is like it does feel like a place you would want  to play in that way in the way that they had it with the Honey, I Shrunk the Kids land.
  And this one even is, you know, it's less scary for me.
  So I bet kids are loving this thing.
  I really like just the texture.
  I think the slinky car is pretty instantly classic.
  I think it's as sharp as Dumbo.
  I don't know.
  Disney just has like good shine and good polish and Slinky is just such an appealing character  to see and big and shiny and yes, I really nice.
  I like that they've gone deeper with the characters like RC gets his own ride.
  Like it does feel like you generally like you get.
  I'm trying to think of an example with like it seems like Woody and Buzz.
  That's the standard.
  But like Slinky, what is he?  The seventh character?  Like what would you say?  Seventh build character.
  So you would think like, like, so I like, I like that in addition, like where it's like,  yeah, let's get these other characters in here.
  Yeah.
  They have a slinky ride that Rickles Mr.
 Potato Head is such a major part, like such a neat  part of Toy Story mania that there's a Jesse carousel now that there's a there's been a  buzz ride for a very long time.
  I like that it's it's a testament to the franchise that there's so many different kind of sets  sectors of it, just areas of the of the movies that like there's no overlap almost between  Space Rangers spin and Toy Story mania and Slinky Dog Dish.
  And of course, there is one character that I do believe deserves his own ride.
  Friend of the show.
  Buttercup.
  The unicorn.
  Mr.
 Jeff Garland should have his own ride somewhere in one of these parks.
  We're doing it.
  We're pitching it.
 You and me, Mike.
  That's true.
 I'm calling Iger right now.
  And he does from what you've said.
  That's kind of the spirit.
  Yes, that is I could see that happening.
  And then, you know, then it wouldn't happen.
  Then it would go.
 You'd be like, hey, what are we going to pitch, right?  Yes.
 Captain.
 And then you're just weird.
  You're like, wait, we met Iger or whatever.
  OK, I think whatever happened.
  And you never call me back.
  I just got asked about the picture with a little girl running away.
  He wasn't wild about it.
  Yeah, I hear if you get the Disney dining plan because it's just so much food,  it fills you up.
  That's kind of like the Captain from Wally, right?  Right.
 That was Jeff too, right?  That was Jeff too.
 Yeah, OK.
  That is kind of like that.
  Too much food.
 I hear it's too much.
  I've never done it.
  Too many family dinners.
  It's not branded that way, though.
  It's not brand.
 They probably immediately get flack for it.
  I would assume the Wally ride is tough to tackle.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It's either you're in a landfill or you're on a ship full of people in chairs.
  Yeah.
 But I always had it pegged as something to do in  carousel progress, people mover.
  I don't think that's what it would be now, but I think I had hopes at the time.
  Maybe there's some Wally attraction to plug in there.
  Sure.
 I think there's a better Incredibles attraction, too.
  Like a more like the more than I like in Credit Coaster,  but obviously retrofitted and.
  Yeah.
 Oh, my gosh.
 There is a crazy.
  I mean, there have been rumors.
  There was rumors of like a Kuka arm style Incredibles ride.
  With like I assume it's like superhero training.
  The way you would the way I would do it is I would rip off like X-Men Danger Room  and put like, you know, the Danger Room is basically like the holodeck on Star  Trek and you would they'd go through, you know, real robots and holograms to train.
  And you would like to do something like that with Incredibles.
  When like you could do a bunch of crazy stuff.
 Sure.
  But yeah, of course, Incredibles is so yeah, ripe for a crazy.
  The first islands that you go to are super cool.
  I think I think finding Nemo honestly deserves something better.
  I've heard that that that crush coaster in Paris seems kind of neat.
  But, you know, subs and sea cabs.
  These are not the finest attractions that ever were.
  Yeah, I have to give Igor credit because like he he says, like  when he was like in Hong Kong and watching all the parades  and when he took over the company, like he's like, oh, a lot of these characters  are Pixar and the people are really getting excited for Pixar movies  as opposed to our old movies.
  So that kind of like really dominated the early 2000s and late 90s.
  I think the Toy Story characters too popular internationally  because everywhere plays with toys and it's very bright and colorful.
  And they should do like a Tokyo Disney  20,000 Leagues Under the Sea type ride.
  Yes, because 20,000.
  I'm not truly underwater.
  Yeah, because the difference of 20,000 Leagues in Tokyo is that  it's not actually under the water.
  It's just like on a it's kind of like Peter Pan, but it makes it look  like you're underwater and there's like a like there's a thing like a layer,  like a a little layer with water in the screen.
  Some bubbles that shoot up.
  Bubbles.
 Yes, that fully.
  And then, yeah, you just have stuff looking like it's floating  and you could do a real cool Nemo thing that way.
  Well, the other the Disney Sea one, Nemo Sea Rider, and that one.
  That's it's all right.
  It's fine.
 Didn't make didn't make my top 10.
  No, but it's also it's Tokyo Disney.
  There's it's very crowded.
  It was better than I thought it would be, though.
  I was like, well, no one's talked about this.
  So must be kind of a minor one.
  I was like, oh, that's fun.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Like that's still pretty good.
  Yeah.
 Like in the bottom 20.
  And it's still pretty good.
 Yeah.
  This twice or land in Florida is also getting a restaurant.
  It's getting the roundup rodeo barbecue restaurant.
 Oh, yeah.
  I really only has that lunch and a Woody's lunchbox stand.
  So it's like it's filthy beer.
  This is a table service barbecue.
  I think it's very funny, the timing of like they're going to open this  as well as the Regal Eagle barbecue at Epcot.
  Disney, I think, discovering like, well, if you make meat in bulk  and you can make all the sides in bulk and, you know, per portion,  it's very cheap and you can sell it.
  You know, we have not talked about the same, the eagle regal eagle,  which is Sam Eagle's barbecue restaurant, apparently in the America area of Epcot.
  Yeah, there's a new, yeah, themed after Sam,  the patriotic eagle character from the Muppets,  which this was announced and most people were pretty psyched on it  because any more Muppet presence is great.
  Yeah.
 And then other people were like, oh, OK, so we're jamming more IP  into the parks, huh?  So what? It's guardians over here and Muppets over here.
  This doesn't make any sense.
  It's against the spirit of old Epcot.
  And I'd just like to say, if you were mad about  Sam the Eagle vaguely themed barbecue restaurant,  you're not allowed to listen to the show anymore.
  Oh, my gosh.
 You're gone.
  Get in the bag.
 You're out.
  Jason is in the head.
  Is the patron is drained?  Oh, no, no, no.
  That was the linchpin.
  How will I pay for this delicious looking?  Actually, this looks really like grilled sourdough sandwiches.
  Jason is swirling the toilet taxi in his like fan is dreaded.
  I just bought a toilet taxi.
  That statement would topple the Jenga tower of the entire Patria.
  I don't know.
 I just I don't think it is because I think our audience is nice  and fun.
 I know I saw people I don't know.
  You know, there's the there's the Disney fan.
  Oh, dark web.
  It's not the dark web because it's easy to find.
  It's the dark web in that they are all very unhappy all the time.
  And I definitely noticed some people.
  There's some like there's there's some Epcot purism that's really nutty to me.
  I don't know how.
  How is it the future park if you don't ever change it in any way ever, ever?  Or anything? Well, I mean, look, there's groups, Facebook groups,  other groups, message boards with a lot of people.
  We still are.
  We have a lot of listeners, but these places have been around for decades  and a lot of people frequent them.
  So you're going to get some people that literally wanted exactly  how it was when they went 30 years ago.
  But there's videos and pictures to enjoy.
  Big thing.
  Thinking about the context of it, though, is that Epcot will like World Showcase.
  Everyone likes the food.
  There's something for everyone.
  Everyone goes to Epcot to eat, except the American Pavilion.
  They've had a few different concepts there.
  Famously, like everyone's like, I don't need the American Pavilion.
  I mean, they just a few years ago tried like food from around America.
  But trying to make regional staples like Philly  cheesesteaks or Maryland style crab cakes,  notoriously difficult that you stick the landing on a couple of them,  let alone all of them.
  Barbecue uniquely American.
  I think they're even going to try like a vinegar based sauce, mustard sauce,  ketchup based, like, you know, all the different kinds of barbecue.
  That's still like I feel like their chances of success is higher.
  And Sam the Eagle is a very funny character.
  That's a very having a restaurant, a restaurant in a very like kind of stodgy  pavilion as it is kind of serious.
  And I'm sure it's not going to they're not going to have the budget to theme it  like crazy.
 It's going to be the ultimate idea of what that could be.
  I looked at it.
 I found it.
  I found the tweet.
  Somebody said, you can't hate frozen in Norway and love Muppets in American Adventure.
  Get absolutely bent.
  This is stupid as shit.
  Wow.
 I don't think.
  Why would an eagle on a crest of a barbecue restaurant in an amusement park  make you that mad?  That is that is a strong take.
 Yeah.
  Love that passion, brother.
  Love that for you.
  Put it into our politics or the election.
  Yeah, I'd be afraid where it would lead in our politics.
  Maybe so.
  The that's it.
  I'm reeling from that.
  Right.
 That's what I'm talking about.
  Yeah, I was going to say it's going to be as lightly themed as pizza riso.
  I mean, let's be honest.
  Yeah, it's not going to be I've just opened up another can of worms.
  Uh oh.
  Maybe I read it to something.
  I don't want to go.
 I don't want to go back.
  I don't want to go to bed pizza.
  I don't want to.
  You know what? I will quote the sector keeper.
  Sometimes it feels good to be.
  But yeah, it's going to be lightly themed, whatever.
  Come on.
  You know what I like the motto, the post about the regal eagle smokehouse.
  Sam Centennial cook off colon a salute to all cook offs, but mostly barbecue.
  A great, great reference to Muffin Vision.
  That's plenty of fun.
  Here's a here's a take.
  I texted our friend Justin and he said,  what upsets me about this is that Disney has an underused Sam Eagle.
  From America Sings.
  His character, that character, the Bing Crosby one.
  He was upset that Sam Eagle was being not being used.
  That's a little confusing.
  All the Eagles are named Sam.
  There's those two and the Olympics mascot from 84.
  Is that Sam? Yeah.
  Eagles are all Sam.
  Really? So that's the Sam test.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Now, it's itself.
  I don't want to be too harsh with that test because I like all three of these characters.
  Those are good eagles.
  But if you can point out any eagle in fiction not named Sam,  and I'm sure there are no counterexamples to this.
  I'm sure we won't get 10 immediately.
  Nope.
 They're all Sam.
  They're all Sam.
  Um, the barbecue restaurant will also be using cardboard boxes  like the will look like cardboard boxes put together.
  And Andy is building a rodeo.
  So he's in a rodeo now.
  He's into roller coasters.
  He really has developed some eccentric hobbies.
  So you think this is Andy, like in his 30s?  He's watched Chef's Table, Chef's Tour, and he's got a lot of thoughts about  Lowcountry versus other parts of Carolina barbecue.
  He's got middle aged man hobbies.
  Yeah.
 We're like, you know, I bought a slow cooker.
  Because you know they're going to have craft brews.
  Make my own beer.
  I'm making my own beer in the garage.
  It is Andy's beer.
 Yeah.
  He said in this, this is not Andy's backyard when he was a kid.
  It's Andy's backyard now.
  He has no wife or family.
  And he had to rebuy Woody and Buzz and all of his friends  from auction sites and like going to physical auctions.
  He spent like 60 grand reassembling the gang.
  This is called, this is called, wait, Pulla Carlson?  I was going to say this is like what I do or what Zach Ryder is doing  every week of his life.
  I'm really assailing you.
  Yeah, you're assailing me and him who are reassembling our childhood.
  Hundreds of dollars at a time.
  I would assail one of those two, but not the, I would be worried about doing it.
  Me? You mean me? You're absolutely worried about me.
  I guess I'd less rather upset you than Zach Ryder.
 Yes.
  Well, we'll see.
 I mean, he's listening.
  He's listening.
 I guess he is.
  Oh, yeah.
 He might be.
  Zach Ryder's, when Zach Ryder's toys come to life, when he leaves,  they're like, really more?  So many of us.
 Jesus.
  It is crowded.
 It's like they're very unhappy.
  There's no room for anyone.
  Fine.
 15 more.
  Nothing but shelf space.
 Sure.
 Pile them on.
  It's like a subway in a company or a subway in a country that's just very overpopulated.
  Like shoulder to shoulder at his house.
  Yeah.
 Third World Train.
  You know, I have a pitch, actually.
  If they don't like Sam Eagle, let's make it just Tim Allen's American barbecue.
  Oh, wow.
 And get Tim over there and just have his face.
  I guess put like a tricorder hat on his head.
  Yeah, it's just regular American stuff.
  It's not, you know, with no pad Thai or Tai Chi or whatever they call it.
  It's just like regular beer.
  Yeah.
 Regular style.
 Regular style.
  I had to twist his arm to get Bud Light and Miller Light.
  All right.
 Light beer.
 All right.
  All right.
 I know what that says about you.
  Well, calorie count with the beer because the entrees are fully loaded.
  Everything is fully loaded.
  No weird grapefruit in there.
  You know, nothing weird.
  Who gives a shit about grapefruit?  All right.
 OK.
 Well, now there's no need.
  That's the that's that's the end of that, Harold, I think.
  I think you survived.
  Fodcast.
 OK.
  Hey, what a delight.
  I like when I wish I wish I could have ended more improv shows  with just going, OK, that's the end of that.
  All right.
 That's enough.
  Making the Tim Allen like dog noise.
 Yeah.
  Oh, if only.
 Yeah.
  Well, the the the Harold team, the UCB team that  peppers in Tim Allen sound effects and they wipe with BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM.
  We are tool time.
  Though improvement themed when from team when UCB team or tool team.
  When UCB also falls victim to the IP mania that we're experiencing  and every Harold team has a different IP attached to it.
  Then we really know we're in hell.
  We really know that the bottom is falling out.
  It's just it's less inventing from.
  You don't invent a whole new like her improv show from scratch.
  You just kind of like in make up a home improvement episode on the fly.
  Yes, exactly.
  Honestly, sounds like a pretty good show.
  Not thinking about it.
  What are the kids names?  Do we know anything?  Shit.
 I mean, I know their actors names.
  Yeah.
 Randy is one of them.
 Yeah, there you go.
  OK, can I get a suggestion for a problem that Randy's dealing with at school?  What is Jill upset with Tim about?  Can I have a suggestion what Jill is upset with Tim about?  We get a suggestion for what the tool time girl is wearing.
  All right.
 Short denim shorts.
 All right.
  And has Tim taken the garbage out or has he not?  OK, he's not.
 Great.
 Thank you so much.
  Can I get a suggestion for how much of Wilson's face you can see?  About half.
 OK, very good.
  I like I heard about half.
  How can Tim humiliate Al?  I need a suggestion of something that Tim can say about Al  that would humiliate him on TV.
  Real quick, tool time girls.
  Obviously, one is Pamela Anderson, the other I forget the actress's name.
  Lisa was Pamela Anderson.
  What is the other character's name?  I want to keep saying it's Wendy, but that can't be right.
  Either Sam or Helen.
  Sadly, can we look it up here while I do the plugs?  Yeah, do it quick for more podcasts.
  The ride follow us on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.
  And please let us know if you could think of any Eagles not named Sam.
  I'm sure there are zero.
  If you're Zach Ryder, feel free.
  Feel free to threaten me for making fun of your toys.
  And also, everyone feel free.
  Everyone, Sam, the Eagle barbecue haters included.
  Please follow us at the second gate at Patreon.
com slash podcast, the ride.
  And the verdict is Heidi.
  Heidi.
 Heidi.
  Hmm.
 Interesting.
 Heidi Keppert.
  Heidi Keppert.
  Pretty interesting name, but not a car pun.
  So no giggles from Jason.
  I was just hoping it was Wendy and Lisa.
  Hmm.
 Oh, that'd be nice.
  Yeah, it's Heidi and Lisa.
 Hmm.
  Oh, well, keep dreaming.
  And folks, keep listening.
  We'll be back with something else next week.
  Sure.
 So long.
  But.
  But.
 But.
 But.
 But.
  This has been a forever dog production executive  produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm,  Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
