 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast weighs about 1.
5 pounds.
  And clocks in at 720 calories and 36 grams of fat.
  It has been cured with a salt solution  and many say it has a ham-like taste.
  Zach Oyama is with us today to talk turkey legs  on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the show where we usually talk turkey figuratively, but today  we're talking turkey literally and also figuratively.
  I'm Jason Sheridan, joined here as always by Mike Carlson.
  I'm here.
  There was one time real quick that you submitted  for Prairie Home Companion.
  I submitted for years to Prairie Home Companion.
  I feel like that would have been perfect for it.
  I think so.
  Yeah, so.
  I was ready for that.
  Those stupid idiots who didn't hire you really,  they should be very sad now after they hear that intro.
  Scott Gardner also here.
  I nailed the tone, but well enough time will tell.
  Whoa, you're perfect for it too.
  Wow, I at least have the intonation right at least.
  Yeah, that's all you need.
  I assume, knowing almost nothing about that thing.
  You know, all I know is Lake Wobegon.
  Lake Wobegon, I submitted for both hosts.
  I can't remember the second guy's name,  because that guy took over and then they changed the name to like,  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Something else.
  Was that because of me too with Garrison Killer?  Or was that before?  I think so.
  And I think they were trying to go in a different direction.
  I mean, they didn't do any of the old characters.
  A less me too direction.
  Yeah, well.
  It's always a good direction to take.
  Ideally, hopefully.
  If you can.
  Well, you should be the host of it, let's be honest.
  I mean, I would love that.
  Yeah.
  So let's put that into the universe.
  Well, and let's bring in our guest  to see if he has any folksy wisdom for us.
  Oh boy, do I.
  Does he agree Jason should be the host of Perihom Companion?  You know him from his work at College Humor  and Associated Properties and his work at the UCB Theater.
  We didn't realize just now,  like we did not ask you how you want to be introduced.
  It's Zach Oyama.
  Thank you.
  Associated Properties is honestly perfect for me.
  Right?  And also the host that took over,  his name is Chris Thiele.
  Chris Thiele, yes.
  The mandolin player from Nickel Creek.
  Whoa, really?  I almost never know trivia.
  And that was one of the few things I knew.
  He's a John Bryan musician.
  Yes.
  He's amazing.
  I've seen him pop in at Largo and stuff,  but I don't know anything about his hosting work.
  So I should wish he loses his job.
  So Jason gets the job?  I don't know.
  I think I feel comfortable saying that too.
  Jason, you should take over for him.
  Something should happen to him.
  That's fine, he seemed like a nice enough guy.
  I mean, I had no contact with him,  but I watched some samples to try and get a vibe for it.
  He's a very talented musician.
  I could pull Chris, I couldn't pull Thiele.
  That's a very distinctive name.
  Gotcha, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Eventually his morning show moment will come  where he's kind of over the hill  and doesn't really have the spirit anymore  and you'll be the, oh, what's her name?  I've been watching it and a lot,  her name's Barley Mandrew or something.
  Oh, oh, Reese?  Yeah.
  Oh yeah, what is it?  Sure, it's Barley Mandrew.
  Don't bother to look it up.
  It's like Sam Strongfella.
  Sam Stryver or something.
  Sam Spunkwell.
  Yeah.
  Something with a lot of spunk.
  It's Sally Hedstrom.
  You'll go viral talking about Cole  and they'll have no choice but to put you on.
  You've done more publicity for the morning show  than Apple and the Golden Globes combined.
  Zach, you a morning show man?  Oh, love it, definitely seen it.
  Well, I definitely have Apple Plus in a,  or whatever it's called and definitely watch that show.
  Sure.
  Good on ya.
  I'm looking up her name right now.
  It's Bradley Jackson.
  Bradley Jackson.
  I said Barley, very close to Barley Mandrew.
  Bradley Jackson.
  Yeah.
  Wow, it sounds like Jackson Brown or James Taylor,  like another acoustic guitar kind of musician.
  From the 70s?  From the 70s.
  Yeah.
  Which maybe that's what,  it's why we trust her inherently  because she sounds like America, like those people do.
  They were from a more simple time in America  when we believed in America  and that's what Bradley can get us back to.
  Yeah.
  She's got spunk.
  Sure does, but so does Jason.
  That's what Jason is to Bradley.
  Jason's a lot like Bradley Jackson.
  Yeah, I got spunk.
  Zach, I would describe you as having spunk as well.
  Oh, thank you.
  I think I would take that.
  I feel like, gosh, it's very hard to describe yourself,  but I think spunk would be something I would,  I feel fine taking.
  I feel like I'm not good at taking compliments or anything,  but spunk doesn't quite feel like a compliment.
  Yeah.
  It could be perceived as,  if that's the only quality we know about you,  it's like, well, tell me more.
  I need a couple more.
  It's not bad.
  I think it's good, yeah.
  It could be passive aggressive.
  It could be wielded in a certain way.
  Yes.
  It doesn't sound like from Jason.
  That's sincere.
  I feel like it is sincere from Jason.
  It is sincere.
  He's a fan of your property.
  But if a 50-year-old man who was my boss or something  told me that I had spunk and didn't look at me or something,  that would feel really bad.
  Oh, yeah.
  I just clenched my soda can when you said that.
  Yeah, it does feel threatening in some way.
  This is tangentially related,  but I got to go to the Annie Awards  because Lindsay's show, Infinity Train, was nominated.
  Oh, yeah, cool.
  And the category was presented by Ed Asner  and the guy who did The Voice of Crang  on The Old Ninja Turtle Show, among many other voices.
  And they did the famous Mary Tyler Moore line  about spunk, Lou Grant, this is for the children.
  He was like, I hate spunk or whatever.
  And they did that.
  Crang and Lou Grant did.
  Was he playing Crang?  He didn't play Crang in that moment,  but he was playing Crang in a different bit during.
  He did the Crang voice.
  So Lou Grant and Crang were presenting Lindsay's category.
  Wow.
  And he does look like a little muscly brain, right?  Honestly, he looks like a handsome-ish 70-year-old,  unfortunately, because I was shocked.
  Because you assumed he was a tiny little brain.
  I thought he was real.
  But he more resembled the suit, the Crang.
  He looked a lot like the suit with hair.
  Crang's Android body with hair.
  So I believe his name is Pat.
  That's a plus up.
  It's too bad that guy had no hair.
  Yeah.
  That fake guy.
  Pat Fraley.
  Fraley, I believe is his name?  Anyway, that reminded me of that.
  That's a good moment.
  So Zach, when I asked you to be on the show,  you came out, I was saying,  well, we usually ask for a few options  or is there stuff you really like  that you wanna talk about?  And you came out with two things.
  And the one was turkey legs.
  Yes.
  Which is, pun intended, the meat of the episode today.
  Whoa, Prairie Home, come on, listen up.
  Package rose.
  Just submit this episode.
  I should.
  Mail the podcast.
  I'll do a little punch up on my old samples  and then this episode.
  How about we trade Chris for you?  We'll make like a sports trade.
  We'll take the host of Prairie Home as our third man  and you'll go to Prairie Home to be the host.
  You gotta move away.
  Oh wow.
  I have to go to Minneapolis?  And then we get a lot more like guitar plucking.
  We hear stories about John Bryan and stuff.
  Yeah.
  But you had another story as well.
  Yes.
  When I said like, is there parks,  do you have parks experiences you wanna talk about?  This was just a weird story that came to mind  when I was just trying to think of any park specifics,  but yeah, like the last time I went to Disney,  I went with my girlfriend and her friend  and we were just trying to like,  we hadn't been in a couple of years  and trying to like kind of do everything.
  And when we were in Tomorrowland,  we got kind of like, there's this,  harried Disney parks worker just trying to stop anyone  to get like them to listen to like a time share presentation  or something.
  And to get that, to do that,  you would get free fast passes to like other rides.
  And we like kind of walked by him and we're like,  no, I don't, no way.
  And then we thought about it and we're like,  he was saying it was only 30 minutes.
  We're like, you know what,  maybe that actually makes sense to go sit  through this weird presentation  and like get a fast pass for anything.
  Anything except for Guardians was the deal.
  And so eventually we like, you know,  came back to him and said we would do it.
  And then we got like,  it was clearly like getting worse and worse  as the time went on where he was like, great,  we just gotta wait for a couple more people.
  And then we had to stand there for like 20 more minutes.
  And it was like us like trying to decide  if we should leave or not.
  And then eventually we get like maybe one other person  tagging along with us.
  And then he was like, all right, great.
  Now we just have to go to the conference room  in one of the hotels.
  And he like takes us out of the park  and we're walking all the way through like,  is it Downtown Disney's?  Is it really like whatever that area is?  So this is from, you were at a Disney vacation club  like booth in Tomorrowland,  which is pretty much just a wagon.
  It looks like a rocket.
  It looks like a rocket.
  Yeah.
  With pictures, with like binders and a guy there.
  And the presentation area is at the Disneyland Hotel,  probably about as far away as you can get.
  Like a 25 minute walk for sure.
  Yeah.
  And like the whole time we're like,  we should probably leave.
  We made a mistake,  but he's clearly been doing this for 20 years or whatever.
  And he's so used to people trying to walk away.
  Like he started telling the story and it was like,  I think he had like, he would never stop talking as well,  just to like never give you the opportunity to say,  actually, I think we want to leave.
  And he launched like as we were like out walking  out of the park to Downtown Disney or whatever,  to the hotel, he starts going into his conspiracy theory  about Princess Di and Dodie Faye.
  What?  Where he was like, let's just say,  I don't give England any of my money.
  And was for sure, he was trying to say like,  they were assassinated.
  And he was like, I've been to,  I've gone to his apartment and like,  I've made a trip there.
  I think, just like kind of, we never got his full take,  but it was just so weird in the middle of this,  you get these benefits and these benefits.
  And I don't think Dodie Faye was a regular car crash.
  Obviously you get the fast pass,  just like peppered in perfectly,  just like a sketch character or something.
  And like, it's just this bizarre string of events  where like he's now launching into this.
  And now I'm just like snapped back into it.
  Like I was trying to leave and now I'm like,  I have to hear every opinion you have about this.
  But it didn't really like,  that was basically the ceiling of the Princess Di opinions.
  Like I was trying to get more out of them,  but he like wouldn't really, at a certain point,  I think he knew he had us hooked.
  And then we get to the hotel  and it seems like the presentation has started.
  And like his attitude completely changes  now that he thinks he missed it.
  And this like 45 year old man starts running around  the Disney hotel, like in his slacks,  tucked into his like polo shirt going, oh fuck, oh shit.
  What?  He's actually cussing.
  And like, we're like, wow, this is really interesting.
  And we like follow him.
  And eventually he finds the room  where the presentation's going on  and like they were able to sneak us in  and we heard a really sad presentation appealing to like,  don't you wanna secure your children's futures  just in case anything happens to you?  Don't you want them to have a vacation?  And it's like, that's what the cell  for the Disney parks thing is.
  In case you die in a limo crash mysteriously.
  What year was this?  This was like a year and a half.
  It was right before Star Wars.
  I haven't been there since the Star Wars stuff is open,  but like it was right before that.
  Oh, so in 2018, I mean, everybody's thinking  about Princess Di and Dodie.
  This is a different time you have to keep in mind.
  That's what I wanted, historical context for it.
  Yeah, so that makes so much more sense.
  I wonder if that's like, cause he,  obviously like, cause there's tips when you're like,  like standing outside a grocery store  and you want people to sign a petition.
  The tip I've always heard and I've never done that  is you like, you put something in their hands  and then they can't leave cause they have part,  like your thing and then you don't take it back from them.
  Like you put your hands down  and then you're like leaving them holding it,  which is a psychological trick for doing that.
  So this guy has obviously figured out  a good way to walk and do that.
  It was so stressful.
  And then also he like had our cell phone numbers  when we like signed the book thing.
  And so like, he called us when it was time to go  do the thing and that's like kind of,  we were like kind of close enough that we're like,  I guess we could try it.
  And then like after we had done the presentation,  he was like, he called us and he was like,  I just want, I think you guys are really great  and I want to set you up with a little gift.
  And we're like, oh cool.
  Like, well, I have no idea what this is going to be.
  We walked back over to the booth and it's like,  some incredible two stickers.
  And like one of those like FastPass like bracelet things  that like you can scan instead of a,  like it was almost, it was a bunch of trash.
  I want to set you up with some stickers.
  I pulled some strings, my sticker contact.
  We're like all 30, like, okay.
  You met the Willy Loman of like Timeshare presentations  of like wrapping it up, like kind of like.
  It was really upsetting.
  Did they offer, cause when I did,  I did it like six months ago and I was alone.
  I was at the Disneyland Hotel working on my computer  and a woman came over and I thought she was going to like  arrest me for just loitering.
  And she said, she was like, ask her any questions.
  And then I realized, oh, she's trying to get me  to do a presentation.
  And then she explained the FastPass and I was like,  you know what, I should do this.
  So I did it and I was alone in the room.
  But then after I was done with the sad presentation.
  Only you getting the presentation.
  It was me and me alone.
  I was asking a ton of questions.
  And I was like trying to.
  I was real interested.
  I was trying to, I would say like,  oh, so this is like an investment.
  And he goes, no, no, no, no, we can't say investment.
  It's not an investment.
  I was like, oh, okay.
  But like you own something.
  Yes, you own something, but we can't say investment.
  And I go, what if I wanted, cause like, well,  basically what it works, how it works is like,  you have a home resort.
  So you pick one of the hotels that's your quote unquote  home resort, but then you get a certain amount of points  every year to get a different hotel anywhere  around the world.
  And they have properties everywhere.
  Properties everywhere.
  I assure you they have properties everywhere.
  Yeah, but there's only like two hotels left  that you can have be your home resort.
  Cause like rooms have filled up on every everything else.
  So I would say like, well, can I get like a Polynesian  or that's like sold out?  He goes, well, I can see what I can do.
  And I'd be like, well, what do you mean?  You can see what you can do to like things come open.
  He goes, all I can tell you is I can see what I can do.
  It's like carbine.
  Right.
  And I was like, well, I gotta check.
  Right.
  So there's like a whole level.
  He goes, my job is to make you happy.
  He said, it's like a robot.
  Like, yeah.
  Do you want me to kiss you?  I can do that.
  He does seem pre-programmed with 25 phrases.
  So it's pretty interactive.
  Yes.
  He's triggering distinct answers,  but he'd run out at some point.
  Yeah.
  And then he goes, so what I can do is if you do,  didn't that, did they do this?  I'm just tripping all over my words.
  Did they offer you like a year's worth of points  if you signed up today?  Yeah.
  There was like a PowerPoint that had like  certain point values.
  And I think the guy, like my girlfriend's friend,  Dave is like, and my friend, I should say,  he was like pretty savvy with this stuff  and started crunching the numbers in the room  and whispered to us, he was like,  you have to go like literally every weekend or something  for this to be worth it.
  Yeah.
  It's insanely expensive.
  It's for people who want to go every year  or every other year.
  I mean, that's what my family was in it in the 90s.
  And we would, there was a few years where we went every year  where we would bank the points.
  And one year we went for two weeks.
  And that is a long time to be in the bubble.
  Like that, I mean, we definitely did SeaWorld  and Universal, like we did other stuff too.
  But at the time, Old Key West was like the main,  that was the Vacation Club Hotel.
  Right.
  And there weren't a ton, I think shortly thereafter,  they opened up the Boardwalk Hotel in Florida  to be Vacation Club.
  But they're building a fourth tower at Disneyland,  the Disneyland Hotel.
  North tower, it sounds so.
  The fourth tower.
  The fourth tower four, building four.
  Building four over just a patch of grass  at the Disneyland Hotel.
  So that could be a home resort in the future.
  When we got back from Disney World,  I feel like you guys were trying to sell me  just for no reason on why it might be a good idea for me.
  I'm gonna get the stat wrong.
  I know exactly what you're saying,  but we were not selling you on doing it.
  I've tried to sell you on a number of different things  over the years, but I think we were just explaining to you  and you were feeling like we were trying to sell you  because you were like, I don't need that.
  And I was like, no, I think I was just explaining it.
  I think I shouted, Mike.
  Well, there was force is what I'm saying.
  I don't think, you didn't shout,  but I remember you going like,  well, I'm not gonna use that.
  I'm not gonna go up a year.
  In my memory, and I'm probably wrong,  but my probably false memory of it  is you guys came to a point that was like,  well, I mean, it makes sense if you're gonna go  like six times a year.
  Well, that's exactly, no, we were here.
  I know exactly the memory.
  I'm not gonna go six times a year.
  You were standing in the corner,  they backed you up into it.
  I broke a lamp or two.
  We had a contract.
  I felt their sweat against my face.
  Scott, it just seems like you're the type of person  who would like to secure your family's vacation future.
  I mean, you know.
  God forbid something happens.
  That's what we were trying to do.
  Don't you want some leisure?  I mean, all those hard times.
  I guess love in my life is important.
  Are you saying I won't have it if I don't do this?  That's what he's saying.
  I'm not saying anything.
  I'm just here to make you happy.
  You're just being my buddy.
  You're just seeing what you can do.
  Absolutely, absolutely.
  I am trying to steer you away from the reset,  this aftermarket, like the secondary market.
  The shady aftermarket,  which is a thing we will get into eventually.
  Can I have the Polynesian as my home hotel?  Well, you can see what you can do.
  Okay, all right.
  We'll see what we can do.
  Zach, did they offer you a ride like they offered me?  To where? I've said this before.
  Exactly.
  I was offered at the end of my presentation,  do you need a ride anywhere?  Now, I stupidly said, no, I'll just, I'll walk out.
  And I go, where would you take me?  He goes, well, anywhere you wanna go, the parks or,  I go, how would you take me there?  And he's like, well, like a golf cart or,  and I was like, no, no, I'm good.
  And then I left going, what the hell is wrong with me?  I'm never taking a golf cart  from the Disneyland Hotel into Disneyland.
  That could have been really fun.
  Yeah.
  They did not offer us a ride.
  And also so deep down in me, I had to leave immediately.
  You know, like I was, as soon as we sat down,  I was like, this feels wrong.
  This feels bad.
  Like there's a couple other families that were like,  I don't know.
  I don't know how earnestly they were considering it,  but it made me feel so bad.
  Not that that's the worst.
  Like obviously there are people who would love to do that  and it would make sense for them.
  But like, I just felt it in my bones  that I had to like break through a wall to get out of there.
  So he may have shouted at you  as you were running out the door.
  Well, give your ride somewhere.
  Give me those fast passes, I gotta go.
  Yeah.
  So you're saying you wanted to go back to the theme park  that you'd paid to attend.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, pretty much.
  Seemed appealing.
  But we used the fast passes  and I think all things considered was a better deal.
  I think it was better than waiting in a line  just for the experience.
  It's akin to waiting in a line.
  It's similarly tedious, but a unique experience.
  Right, it felt bizarre enough to like,  I will still remember it for a long time.
  Did they make you look at the fake hotel room?  No, they did not.
  Wow.
  Interesting.
 Different presentation.
  2019 is different.
  Are you aware that there's a previous correlation  between the Disneyland Resort and Princess Diana  that there was this ride,  there was supposed to be a very fast limo ride  that they had to cancel because of a,  it was supposed to be a ride  where a paparazzi were chasing you in a limo.
  What?  It was gonna be a madcap trip  and then that incident occurred  and they were like, we can't do that  and it became a very slow moving ride  that was very like tedious and bad  and considered one of the worst rides of all time.
  Does that ride, that ride doesn't exist anymore?  It's what Monsters Inc.
 is now, if you've been on that.
  We did a whole episode about it,  but Monsters Inc.
 is a redress of this ride  where a slow limo took you to see Drew Carey  and Cindy Crawford  and played by bizarre mannequins.
  Jackie Chan, Tim Allen, Whoopi Goldberg,  and they all look like bizarre, like bad drawings.
  Like Thunderbird puppets.
  Like DC Follies type.
  So there has been Princess Diana Disneyland.
  Cross over.
  Wow, that is so weird.
  I was not aware of that at all.
  I don't know if that guy would be bothered  by that fact as well.
  Not only is it a conspiracy,  but also it ruined what could have been a different ride.
  I wonder if he maybe worked on the early iterations  of that ride and that being ruined made him.
  Oh, and it's deep.
  So then when the incident happened,  then he is like, okay, new pitch.
  It's a ride where we take you deep inside the conspiracy  and we tell the truth of what happened to Doty  and then they're like,  oh, maybe you could go work in Timeshares instead.
  He's been stewing about it for 15, 20,  or however long, 30 years.
  I don't mean to distract from everybody.
  Edwin is using a sandal as a pillow.
  I got a good POV for a picture.
  You can get a picture of Edwin with that.
  I'll do that if we wanna figure out our next bit of business.
  Beautifully.
  Yeah, for sure.
  It's really dramatic in front of a fireplace.
  Yeah, it is really.
  So yeah.
  He looks like Bane from Berserk.
  Oh my God, he does.
  Oh.
  Okay, check the Twitter.
  We'll be posting photos of this Bane dog.
  You know, you get, like a child,  the dog is like, I take photos of him.
  So I have to really assess like,  is this a new original photo?  This is something I don't have in my phone already,  and I do not have this in my phone.
  It's pretty good, yeah.
  All legs deep down wish to be humped.
  Brother.
  Edwin's Bane voice.
  It's pretty good.
  I was trying to think of like what it is.
  That's what comes off the top of my head.
  The first trailer was like,  Oh yeah.
  Unintelligently, yeah, you couldn't.
  And it felt like they re-recorded the voice,  much like they probably did with Doolittle.
  The first time he did it.
  Cause if you watch Doolittle,  a lot of the lines look ADR'd.
  Oh.
  So I assume whatever voice he was doing  when they shot the movie, you couldn't understand.
  We've been doling out, oh sorry.
  People of England.
  I talk to our animals.
  Robert Downey Jr.
's voice?  Yeah, he was doing the Bane voice.
  Oh.
  He made a choice.
  You know, have you seen this movie called Dark Knight Rises?  Why no, I haven't.
  There's a voice that's a little similar,  I'm gonna tell ya.
  Please don't yell at me, Robert.
  Do what you want.
  So bizarre to me to be like,  you know what, I'm finally out of the Iron Man world,  and they'd be like, next up,  a couple of Doolittle movies probably.
  A man without a franchise is a man with no structure.
  He replaced drinking and drugs with a franchise,  and he needs his next one.
  Yeah.
  And look, we're obviously gonna get 10 Doolittles.
  We'll get the avatar, like an avatar amount of Doolittles.
  Does it end after the credits?  Is there a scene with like a hippo or something?  Hippo with an eye patch?  We're building a, we're putting together a team.
  We stayed till, Jason and I stayed till the end.
  There is not an end-end credits,  but there is a tag, there's a mid-credit tag.
  Where you find out a character dies  more gruesomely than you thought.
  Yeah, it's less of a tease,  it's less of a tease and more of like a snuff film.
  Yeah.
  It's very weird.
  Can we say, all right, skip one minute ahead  if you don't want spoilers.
  What is this, what happened?  It's Michael Sheen's character,  who's one of the only characters.
  Michael Sheen's in this movie?  Yeah, he's like the bad guy.
  He's the bad guy.
  And he's like, at least you can understand what he's saying.
  At least that's nice,  that's the nice part about his moments in the movie.
  Like you understand what he's saying,  you know like he's mad at Doolittle.
  And he's playing the level of like camp,  like excitement.
  Yeah.
  Like Steve Martin and that live action Looney Tunes.
  Each animal.
  The genitalian.
  Yeah, he's fun in that, yeah.
  Yes, each animal in Doolittle  is having their own movie, separately from the movie.
  And then Doolittle,  you can't understand half of what he says.
  And then Michael Sheen, at least you can understand him  and you know he's mad at Doolittle and he hates Doolittle.
  So then there's like a tag where,  it just seems like he gets murdered by bats.
  Yeah.
  No.
  That's it, yeah.
  He just gets to like, we're like,  cause I thought it pops back up during the credits  and we're like, oh yeah, here we go, this is Doolittle too.
  And then it's, no, no,  it's Michael Sheen getting murdered by bats.
  What's the Jared Leto movie called?  Morbius?  Yeah.
  Michael Morbius.
  Yeah.
  Oh, if Sheen was in Morbius, that's a good idea.
  They cross over the Doolittle and Spider-Man universes.
  Just to clarify,  you know that he was,  you know he was killed by bats,  but then you see him get more killed by bats.
  Or the bats are new information.
  Well now he just kinda got fucked up and disappeared.
  Yeah, cause they end the movie.
  Have we spoiled the movie on the podcast yet?  A little bit.
  We talked about the dragon's butt.
  Yeah, we talked about that.
  Dragon, so yeah, if you didn't hear it,  they pull bagpipes out of a dragon's asshole.
  That's the end of the movie and the dragon like farts  and then Doolittle's like,  rrrr, rrrr, rrrr, rrrr.
  And you don't understand what he's saying.
  He's like a Tusken Raider or something in Star Wars.
  You really can't understand what he's saying.
  And then yeah, Michael Sheen just gets like fucked up,  like cartoonishly suggested  that he gets like kinda fucked up by bats.
  And then they just post credits to make you know,  no, no, no, I want you to know he gets fucked up by bats.
  Like that's how they want you to know that.
  And then they cut to more of that Jurassic World lady  dying at the hands of the,  meanwhile.
  The assistant getting dragged by,  what did the water dinosaur do it?  Or did it care at all?  It was a combination, but yeah, ultimately  the water dinosaur.
  They teamed up.
  But they do like micro closeups of which bones shattered.
  Just really want you to know, this is a very tough death.
  They do like the Simpsons season one gag  where she's in the ambulance, she gets loaded into it,  goes up a hill and then the ambulance gets attacked  by a dinosaur and she spills over the cliff,  crashing all the way down into the water again.
  And with each land a different dino chomps  a different piece of her off.
  Yes.
  Pterodactyl, raptor.
  Don't text around children until this happens to you.
  Right, cosmically she deserved that.
  Yeah, don't be doing your job or whatever.
  I forgot what I was gonna say.
  Oh well, I guess we could talk about turkey legs.
  Yeah, I think it's, yeah well speaking of,  yeah, eating flesh.
  Number one on our list of two things.
  Ding ding ding, it's the sound of the dinner bell  and everyone comes a running.
  Just more of that great frary hunk of a.
  This has become a killer peg.
  It's come from a maybe you've got a chance  to you're on fire.
  You're shooing.
  Just don't call me late for dinner.
  Yeah.
  That's good too, can we use that?  Yeah, absolutely.
  So turkey legs.
  Turkey legs, can I say, I wanna start with,  did everyone see the Snopes question?  Have you Googled it?  Yeah.
  And I just wanna start with that.
  There's a question that people have asked,  are Disney's turkey legs really emu legs?  Oh, I've heard that post before, I never heard the answer.
  False.
  False, okay.
  So I just wanted to spell that myth right off the bat.
  This rumor was propagated, I believe,  maybe a Conan appearance by Zachary Levi,  who said that he knows employees who told him that.
  So he's like, I think it was maybe a little dead  and then he cracked it back open.
  And then I have my own Snopes tangentially,  but relatedly, are the rumors true  that Zach Levi is the king of Comic-Con?  When will he answer this?  I have an answer, hell yeah.
  Wow, confer true.
  True.
  No need to go to Snopes on that one.
  I've snuck into Nerd HQ, the hottest Comic-Con party.
  He's DJing.
  The ZL is DJing.
  He's holding court.
  He's holding court.
  I'm holding court, cause he's a nerd.
  He's actually a nerd.
  Yeah, what's the show he was on?  He was on Chuck.
  Chuck, Chuck was the biggest nerd.
  He was on Chuck, he was on telenovela.
  But Chuck, he was a nerd.
  Straight up nerd, dork.
  I believe that the season telenovela came out,  the Heroes reboot or continuation.
  I think he was on that too.
  There was one NBC season where he was on two shows.
  He was the face of two shows.
  To save the network.
  There's Heroes content on another episode coming up.
  Do you guys know why offhand teaser?  I can't remember what we recorded, so no.
  Because we've sinned and God is punishing us.
  That's why.
  Stay tuned for Heroes.
  I think you'll run into it too.
  Yeah, anyway.
  So did you see the, there's a funny quote on that Snopes  from Tim Williams of Gatorland.
  An emu leg is eight times larger than a turkey leg.
  If you're going to walk around with an emu leg  in a theme park and shoe on it,  you'd have to get a cart with wheels  to push that thing around.
  They're huge.
  I'm picturing the Flintstones here.
  Yeah.
  Sort of a dinosaur themed, but 50s style theme park.
  Oh yeah.
  I actually have something related to the Flintstones  about turkey legs.
  Because, so I think the,  as you look at articles or videos about it,  what people seem to respond to about having a big turkey leg  is the primal nature of it.
  That it feels very caveman.
  That you're just biting into a big dumb thing.
  And I watched a clip from a show that I love  and have watched many times, Unwrapped,  hosted by Mark Summers.
  Where he tells you how Cracker Jacks  or M&Ms are made or whatever.
  And he did an all Disney episode  and there's a turkey legs section of it.
  And they talked to an employee  who's describing why people like turkey legs.
  And she's like, I think it's just, you like,  like biting into a big thing like a caveman.
  Like you take a big bite,  just like those little Flintstones.
  Just little.
  Famously little Flintstones.
  I really like that they're little.
  I guess because they're like the Smurfs, right?  Yeah, I think so, yes.
  If they're cartoons on TV, they are little.
  The Flintstones are.
 They do look short.
  They're three apples tall.
  If the Flintstones walked in here right now,  they'd be Edwin's height.
  We'd have to like keep them away from Edwin.
  Might chop their heads off.
  Wow.
  I was trying to think of why I liked  turkey legs so much as well.
  And like, you know, come back to the, you know,  I would get them as a kid going to like theme,  to Disney specifically.
  Like whenever I'd go, I'd get like a turkey leg.
  And that was such a treat.
  And like, before that, like, I think I was like  a pretty picky child.
  Like, you know, like my parents had to like,  there's just like a family story is that  they would have to tell me things were chicken all the time  in order for me to eat them or whatever.
  And I'd only eat pizza or whatever.
  And like, thinking about it today, I was like,  oh, I think I just like liked cartoons  and wanted to eat what cartoons.
  And that's like very much chicken, you know,  like a little like drumstick or whatever.
  And then a turkey leg is so that,  especially considering Flintstones.
  Just like a little dumb kid who wanted to eat cartoon food.
  Yeah.
  You would request it.
  A turkey leg?  Yeah.
  Yeah, I mean like, I forget exactly how it started,  but I like for sure thought that looked cool  and wanted one.
  It looks like a prop.
  You're right.
  It looks like a foam rubber piece essentially.
  Do you still, if you go to the parks now,  are you grabbing one of those?  Yeah, I mean like mostly out of nostalgia doing that  and like coming to terms with how gross it is now.
  Like it's just, it is technically portable,  but then you're just disgusting for,  unless you have to like go to the bathroom  and like wash your hands and face afterwards  and like eat this thing with like bony tendrils in it.
  It's pretty gross.
  Bony tendrils, a lot of dripping.
  Like every article about it,  in the New York Times, they say caveman so much.
  In the New York Times article about it,  and then they say dripping so much.
  Yeah.
  It's always dripping.
  And I'm like, that's a negative of it.
  I mean, I like, I don't want it dry certainly.
  I like that, for one, I like that it's dark meat.
  We were a big dark meat house.
  It is a very good like bang for your buck  in terms of food there.
  And I think it's just because you can really go to town  on one of those for a while  until you feel really bad about yourself.
  Yeah.
  And like, so you're like, I don't know.
  I feel like there are a lot of things you can get  at theme parks in Disney or whatever,  where it's like, I'm not really full  and like I spent way more money than I thought.
  I'd prefer.
  And so, and that way I like it, I guess,  but like it is disgusting.
  And it doesn't slow you down is a good thing about it.
  You don't like have to,  because sometimes you stop  and have a too expensive Disney meal  and you have two hours out of your day.
  You can grab that and go and be in a line,  but you're also dripping juice all over the place.
  And you're just like, you have napkins stuck to your hands.
  It's just horrible.
  If you do think about it, like there must,  they sell a lot of these still.
  It's something like.
  This is where unwrapped would be helpful.
  It's exactly what they're bread and butter.
  Among the six domestic parks,  they sell two million of these a year.
  So, wow, two million a year.
  So imagine how much residue is all over the park.
  If there's like a black light that could tell what turkey,  like turkey residue.
  The greasy wax paper.
  That's what kind of gives me,  because Zach, I was like you as a kid,  as a chubby middle schooler, every trip I was like,  well, I gotta have my turkey leg.
  I gotta have one turkey leg.
  I especially liked that.
  I mean, this comes up in articles too.
  It tastes a little like ham.
  It's weird.
  I like that it was smoky.
  It tasted like ham.
  I like pastrami for that.
  I like things that tasted like ham.
  I really have to talk about it until you said that,  but that is so true.
  It does taste like ham.
  It tastes like ham because it's cured in a salt solution,  which you more often associate it with ham than turkey.
  What else tastes like ham though?  Pastrami tastes like ham  because it uses a similar curing sort of thing.
  But you're not holding out on any snacks or chips  or crackers that are ham flavored.
  Well, that depends.
  I'm trying to think now.
  I mean, there are like,  I feel like there was a lot of bacon flavored stuff.
  I think if it's not meat and tastes like ham,  it's just like, what am I?  I'm very, I think I feel like it's so technically,  it's so false feeling in my head  that I'm like, I can't eat that.
  If it's at least meat in some way that it tastes like ham,  maybe that tricks my brain a little more.
  It's probably liquid,  at that point it's just liquid smoke  or powdered smoke flavoring or delicious.
  Would you say ham is your favorite flavor?  I'm not a bit, not anymore, I don't think.
  As a chubby middle schooler.
  As a chubby, yeah.
  My favorite flavor is ham.
  Is ham.
  Why is it, is it like a,  is ham kind of more for kids in a way?  I've definitely lost my taste for it.
  I'll have it sometimes.
  Yeah, I don't have it.
  I have no taste for ham.
  I will be honest with you.
  Oh, I think it's more of a holiday food.
  Yeah, I used to be like,  and this feels maybe not that,  I feel like more kids like ate turkey sandwiches  and like growing up.
  Yes, that's what I did, yes.
  I would, I don't know, I think my dad liked ham  and we would get ham sandwiches and, you know,  I liked ham sandwiches as a little kid  and like would bring that up to people  who find that absolutely disgusting today.
  Oh, we would switch it up and then a lot of it,  like capicola or salami and sounds great, yeah.
  Scrambled eggs with diced ham I still do.
  Oh, sure.
  That's a good diner option.
  I like that.
  That's something diners can't really mess up in my mind.
  I prefer it if it seems like fresh or carved  rather than just like deli meat,  like kind of torn up and placed in the eggs.
  That's what it usually is, I feel like.
  You're in trouble if you, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  You do that though?  You dice up ham?  Well, if I have ham in that, I'll switch it,  that guy will still switch it.
  I have ham in the house.
  How often do you have ham in the house?  I usually have turkey, but once in a blue moon  I'll switch it up and either get like a third  of a pound of roast beef for third pound of ham.
  When you enter.
  It doesn't make that many sandwiches, you know.
  When you enter the house, do you put it up in there  and you go ham in the house and you raise the roof?  I guess now.
  From now on.
  Zach, what meats do you have in your apartment?  I do a lot more turkey now.
  I think just vaguely for health reasons,  it seems healthier and like, I will occasionally  have some ham in the house though.
  It's hard because my girlfriend won't eat it  and so it makes me feel very aware  that I'm the only one eating this ham sandwich stuff.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Is that vegetarian or just this taste for ham?  I think it's more, she'll have poultry and stuff,  but beyond that, tries not to eat pork or beef.
  Have you guys ever shared a turkey leg?  A big turkey leg.
  Because Disney is like, these are meant for sharing.
  Please share these.
  That's disgusting though.
  Right, like share a turkey leg?  I think like, she had like a couple of bites of it,  but was not that interested in it.
  Like last time we went after our time shared  Prestige and I'm soup.
  But like, I'm not like, if the four of us went to Disney  and shared a turkey leg.
  No, we'd have to get two so we'd pair up.
  I don't know, that's still gross.
  No, no, no, no.
  You would do it.
  You've saved money.
  You've eaten soup after me before at Disney.
  Sure, yeah.
  Mike doesn't like to share.
  Mike doesn't like to like.
  Yeah.
  Certainly not turkey leg sharing.
  Like a family passing around a turkey leg,  get me away from that.
  Yeah, I could see, okay, I could see it  if it was like my child or girlfriend or wife  and she's like, I'm done with this, do you want the rest?  Okay.
  That's fine.
  But not to alternate, like it's ice cream.
  I gave her like, I was eating it and I was like,  do you wanna bite?  And she like had a couple of bites and then gave it back  and that was the end of the sharing and that felt fine.
  That didn't, yeah, I think there's a fine,  you do hit a tipping point where it's just,  it's already so gross by yourself.
  And you're getting drippy residue all over the place.
  Yeah.
  And then you're like out of kiss commission  for a couple hours, I feel.
  Like you don't wanna share and then like  have a romantic moment.
  Right.
  Yeah, because it tastes like ham.
  Front of the line for me.
  Yeah.
  That's a bass bass.
  Oh.
  Jason likes ham lip balm.
  Oh.
  Ham flavored lip balm.
  There is bacon flavored lip balm.
  I've seen that.
  Sure.
  I think, you know, there's been a big,  like bacon has been meme-ified a lot  in the last few years.
  It might be a little bit, you might argue it's too much.
  People use it too much.
  I would, yes.
  But maybe it's time for ham  to become meme-ified a little more.
  Maybe ham in the house is the meme.
  I don't know.
  It doesn't have to be, but.
  These certainly got, these have like,  one of the articles said like the massive increase in these  with the rise of social media,  something like a 25% bump in sales.
  So people can post pictures of themselves.
  You can post pictures of the,  it's like very photographable.
  And it was already like organically popular.
  Like there used to be one station that had these  in Frontierland at Disney World,  big Al's coonskin caps.
  The stand would sell these.
  And that's gone.
  And I believe so.
  Yeah.
  My mom, my sisters and my niece all went to Disney World  like two weeks ago.
  And my mom, when I talked to her right after,  she was like, yeah, I didn't really see any turkey legs.
  And I immediately Googled it.
  And like, there were like two or three places that had them,  but like, I think they're like scaled back in a way.
  Yeah, I think so.
  They were trying to get healthy for a few years there.
  I think now that some of the crazy sweets they sell,  I feel like they're less concerned about being healthy.
  And the Instagram angle is more crazy indulgent stuff.
  So that makes sense.
  It would kind of get a reprise.
  I think it's a little funny that it feels so old timey  of a food, but I was surprised that you had that big Al  entry point for it that that was only in the mid 80s.
  This has not been a Disney phenomenon for that long.
  It was like State Fair and Renaissance Fair.
  It feels kind of borrowed from that.
  For a long time.
  Yeah.
  And what I don't think was on the West Coast for a little while.
  And then we demanded it.
  I do have the list of like where you can get them.
  But people might know already.
  Stans, usually stands.
  The only restaurant I can think of that,  and I don't even know if they still have them,  but they did for a while was the three broomsticks  in Harry Potter was selling them.
  Oh yeah, they're universal too, right?  I mean, obviously with that, but are they like,  are there multiple universal spots?  You get them at Universal Florida?  That's a good question.
  Well, they got rid of the Flintstones barbecue  at Universal Hollywood,  which would have been a perfect place for them.
  Seemed gross as hell.
  Gross as hell, they never ate there.
  At the Disney World thing that I looked at,  they had one dedicated turkey leg stand  and then two restaurants that had it.
  So it's like not as prevalent as I remember as a kid.
  But you know.
  Well, and for a little while,  they were really sticking it on a lot of merch.
  Magnets and like cookie shaped like it.
  These weird shirts, does any,  I don't even know what to call these shirts,  but this certain kind of art.
  That's like the like guy, the old timey guy saying  like marijuana cures what ails you.
  Yeah, like beer.
  It's not just for dinner.
  Like a 50s advertisement kind of like.
  Yeah.
  I remember these posters would be at like Suncoast Video.
  They were like one of the 20 choices of poster  for your stupid high school room or dorm.
  Yeah, I truly, it's so embarrassing  to suddenly remember this.
  All right.
  Like middle school Zach had a beer helping white guys dance  since 1985 or something.
  That was a big one.
  I remember like hitting a point where I was like,  mom, I need some posters and like getting fat.
  I think I had a, oh God.
  Oh yeah, list your posters.
  This is a horrible memory.
  List all your posters.
  Oh, that's a good idea.
  I had, oh fuck, this sucks.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  No judgment, no judgment.
  I think I went to like a Coconuts  and bought a bunch of posters  and like I had a Dukes of Hazzard poster.
  The movie.
 The movie?  No, like I thought it was like, I don't know, ironic.
  I'd never even seen it and you know,  thought it was cool in some way.
  I think I had, oh God.
  Those are the two that stand out.
  I think I had one or two Simpsons posters,  but they're like more vague in my brain.
  God, very cool stuff.
  I think those were my posters.
  Trying to remember.
  I had an Austin Powers poster.
  Yeah, I had like the first Austin Powers.
  I had the Dr.
 Evil monologue  about like a Zoroastrian named film,  Shave My Testicles.
  Of course.
  But I was very, I mean, and certainly by college,  I was very like highfalutin and like,  my college dorm poster is Punch Drunk Love.
  Yeah, I definitely had.
  People want to punch me.
  I had a freshman year,  I definitely had Fight Club and Donnie Darko.
  Whoa, really?  Yeah, really on the.
  Then I had Shattered Glass.
  I didn't have Boondock Sames.
  Shattered Glass.
  Shattered Glass had come out  and then the art theater, when it left,  they would always just sell the posters for like five bucks.
  I somehow eventually ended up with a giant,  like not like regular movie poster size,  but like really hard cardboard,  like nine feet tall poster of Step Up Two.
  That was like an ironic fun thing  that I like went out of town  and my mom immediately threw away.
  Oh, I had an ironic roll bounce.
  Similar area.
  That's good.
  Or was it Drumline?  Oof, I can't recall actually.
  The Simpsons poster with everyone,  the giant everyone poster.
  I had an X-Men 3 poster that I bought  like six months before the movie came out.
  X-Men 3.
  Wow.
  Because I knew it was gonna be so good.
  Because you fucking love Ratner.
  I love Rat.
  That's why I bought it,  because I did know Ratner.
  So I was excited to see his take on the material.
  I will say X-Men 3, not as bad as people remember it.
  Bret Ratner looks like he always just ate a turkey leg.
  I had.
  Yeah.
  It's just greasy.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I remember working post on a movie  and they were doing Tower Heist on the movie,  like a floor above me.
  And he like, the times,  I don't think he was really ever there.
  But there were times where the whole parking lot  would be blocked by a nice Mercedes  and that's pulled in diagonally.
  I was like, is Bret Ratner up to help him out?  God.
  Gotta get the movie ready.
  Eddie's hosting the Oscars.
  T.
C.
 Tommy's in.
  Sounded something like that, right?  Yeah, that's right.
  It's the spirit of it at least.
  Eddie's got him produced and he's gonna do it.
  More turkey please.
  Michael Jackson and I threw water balloons  at homeless people.
  Michael and Chris and I.
  That's a true story.
  Good God.
  Me and MJ and Chris Tucker at a dance party in RPGs.
  Look up all those classic clips online.
  We'll probably post them also.
  Ratner rarities coming soon.
  Yeah, add that to that series, yes.
  Spacey, Travolta, we're trying to hit all the creeps.
  That might just be the second.
  We're not related, but on the second gate anything goes.
  That might just be a second podcast.
  Oh sure.
  Paywall only.
  Your girlfriend already has a podcast  with creeps in the title,  so I don't want to infringe on her territory.
  We'll figure something out.
  Back to turkey legs.
  Turkey legs.
  I am creeped out by the color.
  I recognize that, yeah.
  I recognize that when you put that ham thing together,  that makes sense, but it's also kind of ham colored to me.
  I think I've always reacted adversely,  and I will admit never had a turkey leg,  because I don't like the range.
  I feel like at best it's pink, which is weird to me,  and seems raw or not correct or something.
  Well, the meat is pink.
  The meat becomes pink, but the skin gets very brown.
  Sure, sure.
  From the smoke.
  Well, I feel like I also see some purple in there,  which is not an appealing.
  You're gonna get some purple.
  I mean, that's like kind of dark meat in a weird way has,  oh, does it have purple?  Maybe I'm wrong.
  Sometimes, yeah.
  Let's go around the room.
  Dark meat, white meat, everyone?  What's everyone's feelings?  As a kid, I think I liked eating the drumstick  because it was fun, but white meat for sure, I think.
  White meat now, but yeah, definitely dark as a kid.
  And I ate like drumsticks, chicken legs.
  I ate shake and bake chicken legs for lunch  for a lot of high school.
  My mom prepared a batch.
  Wow.
  Yeah, how gross.
  And those don't hold?  They get weird, but I was so picky.
  I guess like, yeah, I don't wanna implicate you  in that gross habit.
  No, I was pretty picky, yeah.
  I would have chicken again, I guess.
  I would eat it, so she made it, but disgusting.
  Did you get to go off campus ever for lunch?  Not so much.
  We never did.
  Not allowed or just never did?  You would have very rare exceptions.
  You got some kind of pass that let you go,  but like almost everyone was not allowed.
  And I will say for the record, I am 100% dark meat.
  Amen, brother.
  I mean, come on.
  Chicken thigh, that's my adult version of,  just like, I can't just make a batch of chicken legs now.
  I can't justify that to myself.
  And it's also not, I don't want to.
  The dark meat seems just inconsistent  and it feels like I'm gonna get a big hunk of fat  and like that's disgusting now.
  You're saying that's a good thing?  You gotta, I mean, it's part of the gamble.
  I will say though, I do think my feeling on meat  is changing slowly.
  I'm eating less meat in general.
  I don't really have meat in the apartment anymore.
  I have like salmon and that's about it.
  And I'll have a hamburger once in a while,  but when I go to Taco Bell, I go all beans now.
  I all go all black beans.
  It's basically the same, it doesn't really matter.
  The only thing I think I've said before is  hot chicken is my last indulgence.
  Which is white meat more so.
  Yeah, really.
  So we'll see if they can get an impossible chicken meat  that fills the need.
  That would be nice.
  The chicken imitators out there are not so good.
  Not so good.
  I forget if a Gardein is one of those.
  There's something with an S, I don't dig them.
  Yeah, no, I haven't had a good one yet.
  I like the impossible burger though.
  I'm fine if they all across the board do that.
  That's fine with me.
  I like seitan if it's prepared well.
  Oh yeah, I don't really like that.
  Oh okay.
  It's a certain texture, it depends.
  Yeah, so yeah, I think I feel like  the idea of eating dark meat right now is gross.
  I wouldn't do it.
  What would you say to just a big seitan turkey leg?  It's a big, yeah.
  Imitation bone, it's like recycled PVC pipe.
  Does it have the, did they manufacture it  so that it has the purple in it?  It's got the purple, it's dripping, it's disgusting.
  You gotta have that drip.
  Because the impossible burger simulates blood  in a burger by dripping with red.
  So as long as it drips with purple.
  And you share it with your whole family.
  Share it with your whole family and any friend,  a friend of yours too that might be next to you.
  I don't like the scenario where we all  go to Disneyland together.
  I like that part, but we're all at Disneyland together  and then Jason says, pair off.
  Who's my turkey buddy?  Turkey Tom, who's a little turkey Tom.
  Ooh, I want the purple bite.
  I want a purple bite, save me a purple bite.
  Save me a purple bite.
  Really clinging a lot of phrases on this.
  The Tom's are the key.
  The reason these are so big are they're from male turkeys,  which are called Toms.
  Your Thanksgiving turkey is a female turkey, it's a hen.
  You're doing this in a real strange way  with your hands clasped together.
  Is that true?  Wow.
  It is true.
  You're rubbing it in, you never knew that.
  That's the solution.
  It's illegal to, they're not steroided.
  Apparently there's regulations about  steroiding these things up.
  But they exercise them a lot so the legs get real big.
  Oh my God.
  Around the track.
  Around the track.
  So sad.
  Yeah, it's sad.
  But.
  These jack turkeys.
  They're jack turkeys.
  I have been in grocery stores where they have  two wrapped turkey legs, big turkey.
  You can make this at home.
  I watched a video, it's not that hard to make at home.
  I know someone who will do turkey legs for Thanksgiving.
  Okay.
  Because, I don't know, that makes sense to me  because I'm not dying to have the other parts of a turkey.
  And I don't know, maybe that's better.
  I don't super look, I guess I appreciate it  when I go home and there's turkey.
  But I don't think I would choose.
  I'm gonna make the turkey this year.
  Not interested.
  It's so hard to keep, you just have to keep basting it  if you want it to be moist, if you want it to be.
  I like dark meat because it's less dry, part of it.
  Yeah, sure.
  Sure.
  Any meat we had growing up, my mom would cook it  to the point of no moisture so there was no disease.
  Oh my God.
  Oh my God.
  So we had, yeah.
  That's miserable.
  We would have, yeah, if we had chicken or something,  it was as dry as you can imagine.
  Oh God.
  But as we learned, she's gonna dispute this.
  She will argue, well, she will argue about this though.
  I've made this comment for years now  and she doesn't have too much of a defense against it.
  There was a lot of salmonella scares in the 90s.
  So everyone just cooked the hell out of everything.
  And mad cow.
  Mad cow, yeah.
  Oh, I remember how stressed we were  about mad cow as a family.
  But people yelled at us because we were wrong  about how Y2K was a real thing.
  Yeah.
  And we were brazen and dumb about that.
  Are we gonna make fun of mad cow?  And then, well, mad cow was a problem, I guess.
  Right, I think it was a problem.
  It felt like a problem at the time.
  No, I don't think so.
  It was fake.
  Mad cow was fake is what I'm saying.
  Just like Dodie Fayette's death.
  He's out there.
  He's out there.
  It's a conspiracy.
  I had a friend who had roommates in college  or people in his fraternity or something  that got swine flu and had a really fun time  while they had swine flu.
  They were quarantined and just chilled  and I think ended up just smoking a lot of weed  and were fine eventually.
  This was their, whatever they had,  obviously it's possibly a very serious disease  that has killed people, but these weird bros,  they got it and were fine.
  They had a chill time.
  Yeah.
  It was like a movie.
  Swine flu.
  Swine flu in the house.
  Swine flu in the house.
  That's very strange.
  Yeah, it's interesting to think about.
  I mean, swine flu was how many years ago?  I mean, it still exists.
  2007 or eight or something like that.
  So I would be very interested to see the statistics  of how many bros got it is what I'm saying.
  Did the bro population droop?  Bros more than.
  It's affecting the bros.
  It latches onto their hats.
  It latches onto their sports hats.
  When a cap is turned backwards.
  Yes.
  The virus because they're not looking.
  Because it's like behind them.
  Sales of beer making white people dance  since they J5 posters plummeted.
  This is only tangentially related.
  My roommate in college used to play me,  the Budweiser real men of genius.
  Campaigns that he had on MP3.
  You'd be like, have you heard these?  What was real men of genius?  Real men of genius.
  Like sing.
  Mr.
 Zamboni driver.
  Yeah, it was like specific jobs.
  Paving the ice so we can play hockey.
  And like none of them were.
  Yeah.
  And then they would do the jingle again.
  And he had them all on MP3.
  That's such a phase that I remember too.
  When I had like Kazaa and would try to be  the person who had funny shit on his computer.
  Sure.
  Oh yeah.
  Did you have the only gay Eskimo?  Yes.
  Whatever that was.
  A live performance on MAD TV  that was a weirdly omnipresent MP3.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  If you searched funny song or something,  maybe that's somehow just called that.
  Or even.
  You know like.
  Dynamite Hack, Boys in the Hood cover.
  God.
  Yep.
  Yeah, that for sure.
  I don't think what else was in this category.
  Like the squirrel with like big nuts.
  That's still pretty good though.
  All the Me First and the Gimme Gimmies albums, right?  The Elmo like shooting someone or something.
  Did anyone?  Elmo like cussing, like someone doing an Elmo impression  where he like had like a Glock.
  It's been a thoroughly embarrassing podcast.
  This was the last gasp of like,  not the last cause they're still on  and making tons of money.
  It's not the last gasp at all.
  Morning radio DJs I feel like,  now they're this weird little corner,  but that was their last gasp at relevancy maybe  was their weird songs.
  They're like Monica number five,  Bill Clinton, Mambo number five parody.
  Like those kinds of things really spiked on Kazaa,  an audio galaxy.
  What a time.
  I have a lot of my music that was on my iTunes still.
  Oh really?  It's been floating around.
  Mine's been kind of been wiped out.
  Like it's all been reset.
  Huh, I'm trying to see if I can find something really great.
  I probably won't.
  This probably shouldn't even mention it,  but yeah, I have a lot of,  I did that thing where you can upload your music.
  I have Apple music and then you can like pay $20 a month  and it just uploads all of the things you had on your iTunes  into your cloud.
  Oh wow.
  So I have like.
  But that really messed some people up, right?  Cause if people had like bootlegs or live record,  like and it couldn't match it.
  No, well.
  To thematic emission.
  I think it might've done that,  but it should just upload.
  It shouldn't like destroy it.
  Oh okay.
  It should just upload it as a separate thing.
  Cause I have like stuff I did that's uploaded.
  Oh that went through, okay.
  Yeah.
  Your music?  Or a comedy.
  Well you're a touring musician though.
  Well sure.
  Comedy bits, bad comedy bits.
  Oh man.
  There's a whole.
  Is this all around?  Is it in the cloud?  A lot of it's in the cloud, yeah.
  Wow.
  We're not gonna do it here though.
  I have to go through it first.
  I understand.
  At least a pass of,  which we didn't allow you, Zach.
  You've just been freewheeling with embarrassing shit.
  That's okay.
  No filter.
  I feel like I deserve it.
  After years of taste sin.
  What else on turkey legs?  Nutritional value.
  Oh wow.
  Look at it.
  720 calories a leg.
  Okay.
  720.
  36 grams of fat.
  That's a lot, right?  That's a lot.
  What's the salt content?  God, who knows.
  Does it say it on there?  Do we have a stat about that?  Let me see.
  Let me check the notes.
  When was the last time you had one?  A turkey leg?  Was it in that trip?  It was this last trip.
  So maybe two years ago.
  I haven't fully examined my desire to get them,  but I think I try to get,  end up getting one every time I go.
  Sure.
  I don't know.
  I'm wondering if I'll get one next time.
  It has been such a fixture  of every theme park experience for me.
  My mom sent me this very cute picture of me  when I'm like four holding a Coke and a turkey leg.
  And it's very sweet,  but it's also very disgusting.
  Sure.
  Well, you were a kid.
  Yeah.
  Sure, sure.
  Jason, was the last time you had one?  Not in a long time.
  Okay.
  I don't think, maybe high school.
  But even then I feel like we were gravitating more towards  like sit down meals or run and gun.
  Cause I feel like the rest of the family would be like,  we want to eat a meal.
  Like we don't want to just walk and only eat meat.
  There's a problem with it.
  I mean, you can't eat bread or a side dish or salt.
  Like I don't really dip a turkey leg in anything.
  I think one time, no, you don't really dip it.
  And it's like very unwieldy,  but like one time I went and I got a corn on the cob  and a turkey leg.
  I think you maybe it were there.
  I think it was like our,  like people from our mod team went on it.
  Oh, I remember that happening.
  I don't think I ended up going on that trip,  but I know, but that, okay, that's a good,  you can two hand that.
  Yeah, it's still, I mean, when you need a napkin though,  you're done.
  Like you need help from someone for sure.
  You do need some help.
  Ice cream when it melts.
  Like Edward Scissorhands.
  All of those foods, like the stands at Disneyland,  you usually sell a turkey leg, corn on the cob,  chimichanga.
  Yes.
  And all of those are meant to be portable and run and gun.
  And I think I've ordered all of them.
  I think in the last few years,  I gravitate more towards the like, I don't know,  I've had the chimichanga more recently.
  The corns are right if you just need, you know, a snack.
  I never actually never done that at Disney actually.
  The corn is good.
  Corn, how do you screw up corn though?  Yeah.
  So I'm sure there are theme parks that do.
  It's just tough because you have to like floss  and then you're just like.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Ooh yeah.
  Oh, that could screw you up for the rest of the day.
  I should, I realized when we went recently  for Rise of the Resistance,  I should have done a turkey leg as research,  but we were like, at this point,  I just forgot we were gonna do this.
  And I'm now so, I really have my Disneyland food down pat,  which is like not really a full sitting lunch,  but you do at some point, you spread out a Ronto wrap  and a bow from Tropical Hideaway.
  And I so like, I think I used to like worry  about eating at Disneyland or like,  I gotta go outside the park.
  And now I know I can stay in the park  and have those things and be set.
  I'd probably put corndog in that rotation too  now that I'm having those.
  I still don't do corndog.
  I'm sure I've said it on the podcast before  because I threw up after eating one when I was little  and it's stuck in my head that they're bad.
  It's crazy how long that can stay with you.
  Yeah, but I will declare, I mean, I will declare,  I will do it at Disneyland at a certain point.
  Build a whole month long event out of it.
  And I will rise, I will Sivakho,  I will rise to the challenge.
  The corndog?  Yeah.
  Yeah, I love the corndog.
  That's probably the run and gun thing  I've gravitated towards the most in recent years.
  If you could invent a portable food for Disney to sell,  what would it be?  Oh, that's a great question.
  Yeah, that's, I was gonna say that I thought like,  there's the Bengal barbecue over in Adventureland,  which I feel, I looked it up, opened in 1990.
  That is a much more portable version of this.
  It's like skewers with different meats on it.
  That's pretty good.
  And it's like, that's the portable version of the turkey.
  Like, cause you're also getting vegetables,  you can get a bunch of roasted vegetables.
  That's a very good option.
  Much leaner meat.
  Yeah.
  And it's nice little snack.
  So that already exists, at least the meat,  the meat version of what you're asking.
  I always think Disneyland does fish well.
  I like a fancy fish at the fancier Disney restaurants.
  So if they could bring that to a portable experience  and maybe, is there some, imagine a snack  that is a longer piece of fish,  like on a cone or on a stick,  and then surrounded by a little like row of French fries.
  Like, as if it's like a fish flower blossoming.
  Like, where it could all be held on the same cone.
  Fish and chips on a cone.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  Yes.
 Oh, that's a good idea.
  And the food's just regular.
  It's not some weird, then it's desertified.
  It's just fish, but can we arrange it portably?  I'm picturing a teenager just eating shit,  falling over with that.
  Bro, stick pokes him in the eye.
  Oh, fuck.
  I know for a few years now,  they've been selling a whole fried fish for Lunar New Year.
  Whoa.
  For like the line of food for that.
  But I think you have to pick it apart.
  I was gonna say, you could go the other way  and they should do a full fish version of like a turkey leg  with that's just a full fish with the eyes  and then you eat it like Heathcliff.
  Oh yeah.
 Where you suck off the fish  with the bones.
 The bone, the whole intact skeleton  comes out of your mouth.
  Yeah, exactly.
  So that's very Instagrammable.
  I would want them to really innovate  and have something run and gone, like soup or cereal,  something you cannot eat when walking.
  Soup or cereal, did you say?  I'm trying to think of something in a bowl  that you eat with a spoon  that's difficult to eat walking.
  I mean, you hear the walking taco, like that's a thing.
  What about cereal? That's like a Frito pie.
  What about cereal with a sippy cup lid?  But then how do you get the?  It's a bigger opening.
  But then you're tilting your head back,  I feel like the liability of choking on cereal pieces.
  Maybe it's sort of just like connected to your face  and sealed around your nose and mouth.
  It's like a mask.
  It's like a Bane mask.
  Bane mask?  It's like Bane.
  Bane mask mixed with like a horse feeding bag.
  And that's very Instagrammable.
  I like this, it's very Instagrammable.
  I think.
  Hashtag foodie brother.
  If I had to pick one,  I just got back from Hawaii over the holidays  and I think they could do like a cool like Moana ride tie-in  that's like Spam Musubi or something.
  I think that would be good.
  It's still kind of gross  to have like a little greasy cellophane wrapped thing.
  I've gotten it at Disneyland before.
  Oh really?  Every now and then, one of the stands will have.
  Like a tropical hideaway switches up.
  Like they have like a secret menu item.
  Sometimes it's a pork sandwich.
  Once it was Spam Musubi.
  Wow, man I don't know this.
  Wow, yeah I didn't know that.
  You just go ask what's the secret thing?  Sometimes it's displayed  and then sometimes it's like secret secret.
  But like they usually have some sort  of rotating option there.
  Do they have sushi anywhere in the parks?  I don't think so.
  I feel like at Disney World I had, well.
  Disney World has a lot of sushi.
  I had sushi in Epcot.
  Yeah.
  It was not great.
  California Grill has a giant sushi menu.
  Okay and I'm sure the better restaurants.
  Yeah and we'll have them as appetizers  but I don't think there's just in-park sushi.
  But that would be not a bad idea.
  A little in-park because you can eat that  relatively easy on the go.
  Sometimes it's not baking in the sun.
  Sure.
  Oh yeah with mayo, spicy mayo.
  In little Mickey ear shapes would be nice.
  Stamp out, have a big piece of fish  and stamp Mickey's head into it.
  Forgive me if you have  but have you been to Disney Sea?  Yes.
  The two of us have.
  Okay.
  Did they have a fish thing there?  I'm sure they did.
  We had a couple, the thing we kept eating was curry.
  They had a good curry stuff.
  In Frontierland there and in the Aladdin area in Agrabah  they had curry we ate.
  And I had a sit down fish meal  that was full on Japanese where there's 15 components to it  and a great soup and little salad  and lots of little dippings and toppings.
  So there's great Japanese food around there.
  I don't know if there's a walk around fish component though.
  Gotcha.
  Yeah that's a good question.
  Yeah somebody else knows.
  Someone who's been there 25 times tell us.
  But good place, it's a very good place.
  Highly recommended if you ever get out there.
  Well.
  There's, yeah I was just trying to think of,  there's that tiger tail they have,  Shandu's tiger tail but that's not.
  Kind of like a bow.
  It's a bow.
  Yeah.
  Oh that's true.
  It's like an orange.
  You eat little, Shandu is, where is he there?  He's a tiger from the Sinbad ride.
  A tiger in a little turban.
  Whoa, okay.
  It's an original, it's basically like  an original Disney movie ride that doesn't,  the movie doesn't exist.
  But it's an original Al Mankin song.
  And anyways, Shandu you can eat his tail.
  You can eat that, he's the most adorable character  you've ever seen and you can eat.
  Gotta eat that guy's tail.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So there's interesting stuff there as well.
  The turkey, so Thanksgiving from the website Delish,  please state like Thanksgiving,  you average when you're making a Thanksgiving turkey,  you average like 1.
25 pounds per person.
  These weigh 1.
5 pounds.
  The turkey leg.
  But I don't think I eat that much turkey at Thanksgiving.
  I think I get a lot of sides and a couple slices of turkey.
  Sure.
  I would say this feels like,  a turkey leg is the most dense part of a turkey.
  There's just like the huge cavern in the middle.
  So like, it is too much turkey for sure.
  Yeah, it's definitely a lot.
  Yeah, that's why you share.
  You'll probably walk it off.
  You're walking a lot at Disney.
  You walk a lot of miles a day.
  Yeah, I mean, for sure, as long as you're doing a whole day  and you aren't eating multiple legs.
  The most unnerving thing I encountered  when reading about this was the Times talk to someone  from Schlitterbahn, the water park chain.
  They sell turkey legs and they said that  just cooking these causes more,  it's like the fajita effect to chilies.
  The smell causes people to go,  not even I want a turkey leg, just, oh, I'm hungry.
  So the snack stands do see an increase  if they're cooking these.
  But I have to say, dragging one of these  around a water park seems like a recipe for disaster.
  That's the most disgusting thing I can imagine.
  I think that even I have my limits.
  You can't bring it on the water slide, can you?  Well, obviously I would think not,  but just if it's dripping and you're like half dressed,  you're gonna burn yourself on the drippings.
  Just like some dumb ass is dropping their turkey leg  in the water and then that water has had a turkey leg,  you know, like all of it's so gross.
  It becomes soup.
  Yeah, you got a stew going.
  What percentage of the wave pool is turkey drippings?  Jason's thinking of this fantasy now  is a wave pool of turkey drippings.
  2% dripping, 7% urine.
  My mirepoix got my carrots, celery and onions in.
  Oh, what clumsy me.
  Wait, are you cooking yourself in this scenario?  Oh, what?  You are?  Who's cooking?  Something smells good.
  You're cooking everyone and yourself in the wave pool.
  Yeah.
  You just wanna eat like in a cartoon, like Zach said.
  That's different though.
  This is cannibalism.
  Even if you're not straight up eating the brain,  the Looney Tunes didn't know it.
  Like they'd be in the pot cooking stuff  and they'd be like, what smells good?  And then they realize, oh no, it's me.
  It's me.
  But you just took out the part where it's a problem.
  Yeah.
  Well, I'm saying I don't know it until the end.
  I'm just saying.
 But you do know it.
  Well, part of you knows, I guess.
  No, we're telling you.
  Okay.
  We're telling you what's going on.
  You're in a stew,  but you're baking in the hot Texas sun.
  Someone accidentally spilled potatoes.
  It's a lazy river.
  My thought about turkey leg also is that  it is grandfathered in now to being acceptable.
  Cause like if they all of a sudden,  if it all of a sudden was like cow leg,  and I know you can eat legs of other animals,  if they were to introduce another type of leg right now,  people go, what the hell?  Yeah.
  This is crazy.
  It's definitely too crazy to be a new thing.
  Yeah.
  So it's going to survive as long as it's culture,  like acceptable to eat meat.
  I was, I was eating a field a couple of years ago  with a friend of the podcast, Andrew Grissom,  and he ordered frog legs.
  We were downtown and,  and hypothetically I was like, yeah, maybe I'd try it.
  And they put it in it's fried and I picked it up  and I was like, oh my God, never.
  No, no, no.
  Whoa, really?  It's not escargot.
  Would I eat it?  Have you had it?  No, I have not had it.
  I'm not saying I wouldn't have.
  I'm just saying I touched it and it felt,  it just felt like in a leg.
  It felt too, it's too real.
  But then I was also like,  I just haven't grown up with this.
  Yeah.
  And I would, as much as it's gross,  I would still feel comfortable holding a turkey's leg,  which of course, what's the difference?  But I really had a visceral reaction to even picking it up.
  And I was like, I cannot eat this huge basket.
  Luckily, or I don't know, luckily in quotes,  I have the disconnect with turkey legs  or chicken legs or something where like,  eating like an amphibian just is an insane barrier  in my mind that I just haven't crossed.
  It felt like it's whole like hips and leg,  like I could feel its body.
  And it pretty easily snaps.
  Yeah, and I just, I almost threw up a little bit.
  I threw up in my mouth a little bit.
  No way.
  A little bit, even.
  Was that even a thing?  Uh.
  Yeah.
  The old man of genius,  the guy who throws up in his mouth a little bit.
  Hey buddy, that's not even a thing.
  Now college kids just trade office waves.
  Right?  I think I have it right.
  Yeah, that's right.
  Dwight two dot wave.
  What do you got?  I was gonna ask everyone's opinion.
  So turkey legs, again, have been merchandised to death  at this point.
  Would everyone think these food magnets,  anyone into these?  Okay, tell us where you're, yeah, go clockwise here.
  Mickey waffles.
  I think I always like to see a Mickey waffle.
  Mickey pretzel, that's fine.
  Donut with Mickey sprinkles.
  You're starting to like lose the thread a little.
  And then Mickey ice cream bars,  I think are very iconic.
  But then the turkey legs,  and they've included in the magnet,  the greasy wax paper with Mickey ears on it.
  Oh.
  Like.
  Is that what?  The greasy wax paper is pulled way too high for my liking.
  Show me a little turkey leg, guys.
  Don't be such a prude.
  Look at the checkout, that was Gams.
  Zach, would you put a turkey leg facsimile magnet  on your refrigerator?  Why not?  It's not like, I think a magnet's fine  because it's not actually gross and dripping.
  I think that's, I would do that for sure.
  Would you go with the air freshener they briefly sold?  No.
  They did?  Not at all.
  Jesus.
  Do they smell like turkey?  I believe it smelled like a turkey leg.
  Really?  Yeah.
  Oh, can we find that on eBay?  Turkey?  Yeah, give me a second.
  Did you have Fisher Price,  because I guess my sister had it,  the Fisher Price fake food in like a fake fridge.
  And we had all this like fake plastic meat from the fridge.
  Have you seen the thing about?  I never really had that  or don't really remember having that,  but my niece and nephew have had that stuff recently  or when they were like eight years ago or whatever.
  And I can still see a little chicken leg  from a set like that and be like,  oh, that looks pretty good.
  It's a cartoon.
  Is he still like, yeah, yeah, there's an appeal to that.
  And then I always, I liked them,  but I always found the fake chicken McNugget toy,  they were toys.
  You know what I'm talking about?  That transformed?  No, well, they had like a fireman's hat.
  They were like the village people.
  Yeah, yeah, all the professions.
  The McNuggets dressed as the village people.
  They're cute.
  But they still, they had gotten the texture so close,  I feel like as a kid, I even like kind of felt weird about it.
  I felt like the food is alive.
  New in bag.
  Whoa.
  It looks like a photograph.
  It's shaped like a turkey leg, $10 on eBay.
  But then it's got a little cartoon turkey leg.
  Oh, the leg's cute.
  Guy saying turkey leg scent.
  He's cute.
  I like him.
  How can that fake turkey leg smell be good?  It must be the grossest smell.
  Again, we were saying ham facsimiles are bizarre.
  Right, but Jason said that's his favorite smell on earth,  is ham.
  It used to be.
  Ham air fresheners anywhere?  Oh, here's a waffle air freshener.
  That's probably more pleasant.
  Yes, that's much better.
  But were there only a ham air freshener  so Jason could always say ham in the house?  Ham in the house.
  Ham in the house.
  Turkey leg on a sweatshirt.
  I mean, they put it on everything now.
  But as people, I mean, people are trying to eat less meat.
  I wonder if the Instagram ability kind of balances out  like Disney, because Disney's offering a lot more  vegetarian stuff where imitation meat stuff.
  I wonder what that does to the turkey leg.
  I'm sure there's scientists working on  some sort of a fake meat turkey leg.
  Yeah.
  There has to be.
  The air freshener may have come from that.
  What do you think that person thinks of their job?  I think they have some sort of God complex.
  Yeah, at the power of God, I would think.
  Yeah.
  So they are wheeled there like, we're close.
  I wonder if I became that involved and invested in science  what I would assume I would be doing with my career.
  And then if I would be satisfied, I think like, yeah,  maybe that is satisfying.
  I don't know.
  In my head for a second, I was like,  I don't know if they would enjoy being in that lane.
  You mean like there's a, I assume all scientists  are in like one lab together.
  There's one room where they're doing cancer research  and then the next lab over, this guy is trying to crack  fake turkey leg.
  Exactly.
  That can simulate the purple and the dripping.
  And they like go to lunch together and they're like,  what are you working on?  He's like, oh yeah, well, I'm working on a thing  to make the white blood cells like kind of really react  and kill the cancer cells.
  And he's like, oh yeah, well,  we perfected the purple today.
  Purple is now the exact same color as in real meat.
  You got the purple?  You got the, holy shit.
  Yeah, it's actually the cancer researchers who are like,  God damn it, I wanna be in the turkey leg room.
  That's so fun.
  The carefree playboy lifestyle of the big turkey men.
  Someday.
  Someday, we'll get the good assignment.
  Closing thoughts, anything else you wanna share about?  Your fondness or at least putting up with turkey legs?  You know, I think it'll be a sad day in some way  when the turkey leg is maybe not there anymore.
  It feels very nostalgic to me and as gross as it is,  I think I'll keep getting it as long as I can.
  Sure.
  Just don't drip on those fast passes  if you do another timeshare presentation.
  I'll have to go to another hour of man flailing.
  Well, I hope you can avoid this  and Zacharioma, you survived podcast The Ride.
  Thanks for being here, that was a blast.
  Thanks for having me, this was so fun.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Oh gosh.
  You know, these days I'm doing some stuff on Twitch  at Zacharioma, across all platforms at Zacharioma  and over on Twitch I'm just playing some,  what am I playing, Sekiro right now?  I'm just playing games over there if that's your thing.
  Sure.
  Neat.
  A related video game would be nice in some regard.
  Yeah, can you, on Twitch I'm only a little bit familiar  with it, can you play but also eat  and then can they see you eating?  Yeah, you can have, a lot of people do a picture  and picture thing so you can eat whatever you want.
  So maybe when this comes out you could be eating  a giant turkey leg while you're playing.
  Pick up a turkey leg.
  Go home.
  That's a subscriber goal.
  Yes.
  And then when you eat it people will send you bits.
  Let's say if I had 50,000 subscribers I'll do that.
  Thanks for the bits, thanks for the bits everyone.
  We'll drive.
  As you're chomping down.
  I'm gonna drip to drive home in a hickory scented car  that's our back.
  That's holding it one handed.
  That's your new gaming persona too.
  At Zach drips.
  Oh.
  At dripping Zach.
  50,000 subscribers I will change my handle  to at dripping Zach.
  And I'll eat a turkey leg with every stream.
  And the people who subscribe thinking  something else is going on.
  Hey, what's going on?  Whatever it is I'm in.
  Here's some bits.
  Wow, okay.
  As for us as always for more podcast the ride,  follow us on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.
  And for three bonus episodes every month  sign up for podcast the ride the second gate  at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
  I think there's a more even like,  this is like a tried and true snack.
  But I wonder is there like for the second gate  a deeper cut snack to do a whole ep about?  Corn?  The answer is.
  Do you want all corn?  Corn on the second gate.
  Yeah, there's obviously like ice cream and Mickey bar  but that's not obscure.
  You're looking for like something that's less.
  Yeah, I think so.
  Yeah.
  It seems like there's only four minutes.
  We've done a bread bowls kind of thing.
  Oh, we have not.
  Bread bowls pretty good.
  No, yeah that's a good call.
  Vegetable skewer from bangle barbecue.
  Each type of skewer gets its own episode.
  You know what should actually get its own episode  and it's not that obscure is the now defunct  fried green tomato sandwich from the hungry bear restaurant.
  Oh yeah, boy that was good.
  Which was we would go and get it all the time.
  Lindsay loved it.
  It was like we would do it and they got rid of it  and people were furious.
  So it's still not that obscure  but maybe there's a whole 90 minutes on that.
  That's, you might've gotten it.
  Yeah, that seems like the kind of thing we would do.
  Yeah.
  So maybe we should do it.
  Okay.
  So subscribe if you want to hear that  unless we bump that up to main feed  because there is like.
  The demand.
  Fried green tomato mega demand.
  Yeah.
  Until then, thanks for listening  and hey, ham in the house.
  Ham in the house.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts,  please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news  by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.
