 Hey everybody, Mike here.
 Just a quick note before this episode starts.
 This was recorded before  the self-quarantining began in the world, got turned upside down.
 So if it sounds like we're  not talking about that, that's why we're going to be doing a regular Main Feed episode on Friday  that's going to, you know, check in, address what's going on.
 So yeah, I just didn't want  you to think we sounded crazy here, but enjoy the episode.
  Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the second gate.
 One part of a two-part podcast entity known as Podcast  the Ride, the Escape.
 I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Mike Carlson.
  I am here.
  And Scott Kierdner.
  So we're rebranding then.
  Well, yeah, tend to, you know, Podcast the Ride City, it was also on the table, it shifted a lot.
  Yeah, what was that about? Why did that happen? That was an odd,  why did they think a universal escape was going to take?  I don't know.
 I understood it.
 And we're talking today.
  I am the only one.
  Wait, how do you, if you understand it.
  I understand it anyway, move along.
  No, no.
 All right.
 So like to get the audience at speed.
 Today we're talking about the islands  of adventure preview center that occupied a prime piece of real estate in universal studios,  Florida for about two years leading up to the opening of islands of adventure.
  And Mike is turning Jason's volume down because he's so excited.
  I was actually turning it up.
  I wanted to give the audience that juice, that energy Jason's putting out.
  So, uh, universal studios, the escape, uh, was the escape or just escape universal studios,  escape, hold on.
 I've got some documents.
 Um, you've got a backpack.
  You're right.
 You know, it was universal studios.
  So that was the branding of, uh, the then what we now call the universal studio,  universal Orlando resort of the two parks and city walk.
  When the new stuff showed up, when islands of adventure showed up and city walks showed up,  the whole property was not the resort.
 It was universal studios escape.
  Yes.
  Which to me, were you at the time just like that's attitude that's, uh, it's, it's a refresh.
  This isn't your dad's universal from eight years ago.
  No, I got that.
 It was like an umbrella term.
  Cause I, so I looked up, there's a chapter on islands of adventure in the, uh,  universal versus Disney book by Sam get away.
 And it was originally going to be called universal  city, Florida.
 The whole thing.
 You mean? Yeah.
  Are you getting choked up?  Well, you gave Mike gave me a bunch of surplus McDonald's right before recording.
  Yeah, they gave me two.
 They gave me like double the order because they were confused with my  mobile order that they didn't order just too much food.
 No, no, no.
  No, I had a regular order and then they were confused.
 And then they, uh,  I think they made it twice and then they just gave it to me.
 Okay.
  And I did not eat all of it.
  Mike's regular order of a sausage, McMuffin and two loose pancakes.
  Yes.
 Cause you, it's the cheapest way to do it.
 Cause if you get a sauce,  cause usually the breakfast items, you know, three 50, three 75, what you can do is you can get  just like a sausage, McMuffin for a dollar 50 and a plane, two plain McGriddles for a dollar 50.
  So it's a lot of food for $3.
 What's the cost saving here?  Well, you're getting like sort of double the sandwiches for, you know,  three dollars versus maybe a one of the regular sandwiches being three 50, three 75 already.
  I see.
 So it's a, it's a very good, it's a little hack.
  I like to think of it as a hack.
 I mean, I've been excited about realizing  I can spend a dollar at McDonald's or during happier hour, taco bell for iced tea, as opposed to  an unnecessary three 25 or North at Starbucks when it's just out of a carton.
  Well, you can do a dollar 30 ounce brewed iced tea at Del Taco for a dollar.
 Now the iced coffee,  there's a deal with McDonald's.
 I don't want this to come out if it'll still be there for a dollar,  any size you want, any kind.
 Really?  Yes.
 I see.
 So there's a lot of different dollar type drink hacks that I am.
  I can't pretend I'm above this, this being excited about the saving.
  You can make fun of me if you want, but just knowing your heart that you're also part of it.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 That's what I'm, I'm implicit.
  Yeah.
 Anyway, sorry.
  So anyway, back to this.
 So wrap it up guys, wrap it up guys.
  We have so much to get to.
 So much.
  So, uh, islands of entry, of course, opened 1999, uh, in Orlando.
 And I remember being a kid,  like I was so excited to hear there was going to be another universal park.
 Like, oh my God,  this is, would you say that's the greatest moment of your life hearing that?  Uh, top five.
  Wow.
 Maybe I mean, this, this place today, the preview center, I was so excited for that.
  I was so excited.
 I went through it once.
 I remember going through it with my family  and then walking outside and walking immediately back inside to do it again,  because I don't think anything had come along.
 Like preview centers, you know, we talk about a  lot, but like, I don't think, I think I was like 12, 11 or 12.
 So I was like the exact right age.
  And like that, there was going to be a whole Marvel section of this park.
  That's true.
 Do we talk about preview centers a lot? I feel,  I feel like we owed an explanation of cause they don't pop up that often.
  Cause there aren't new parks that often.
  I think they come in, in passing, I guess we, in my mind, they get tossed off and  picked cause hard rock park had a big preview center.
  Oh, did it really? Yes.
 Okay.
 It was on the site, right?  Or nearby.
  Or near, it was nearby and then Epcot had a big preview center.
  You can like take the monorail over and see.
 And if you haven't been to everything,  preview centers, just kind of this like pop up exhibit showing you, giving you the vibe of what  the park is going to be like, it's probably like a lot of artwork.
 There's probably some props that  they have.
 If those are available, the blue sky seller, which is it still going now?  I think it's still going.
  In California adventure.
 I didn't see it open.
  Okay.
 Cause that's right by one of your favorite spots, the El Fresco tasting terrace.
  That's correct.
 Yeah.
 A former wine exhibit.
 That's right.
  And no longer.
  Right now AP exclusive, which actually has made it much more busy, which is unfortunate.
  I know.
 Cause it used to be a little secret.
  Yeah.
 How dare they?  Yeah.
 So blue sky seller.
  But yeah, that's an example.
 And that was especially hoppin.
 I feel like when the  sort of phase two of California adventure was coming with the cars land and the new Buena  Vista street.
 So there's like almost two kinds is the ones that are in the park.
 Like what we're  talking about today.
 And then sometimes when there isn't a park, they'll just open some like  totally temporary structure.
 I remember going to the California adventure one,  which was free.
 They didn't hide it in Disneyland.
 You could just go to Disneyland  and walk around the California adventure preview center.
  How are your memories equally fond as mine of this?  Oh yeah.
 It was a big deal for sure.
 Yes.
  And when you're dreaming of a park that is, you know, could be an equal to islands of adventure,  I don't know.
 Wow.
 Look, they got a big orange.
 It looks like that should be good.
  Spider man, big orange.
  All your friends will be at one of these parks or another.
  All your friends.
 And they're also, they're also all fun because you,  there's like little often little like, you know, you're seeing this idealized version  they're presenting.
 Yeah.
 Which in the case of islands of adventure, pretty close.
  It's not like there were a bunch of things they scaled back from, but there's like  differences for sure.
 We'll run into.
  I was surprised that how much stuff was so close.
 And then I think one of the most successful  parts of islands of adventure, like the, the Marvel, like the Spider-Man ride and the Hulk ride,  that looks like a damn carnival like game booth.
 Like that looked the chinsiest of them all.
  Jurassic park seemed like the most fleshed out in this preview center in terms of like  greenery and sound and lighting cues and like a big dinosaur statue above you.
  Yeah.
 Because in the case of this, the sounds of adventure preview center, they kind of,  what does this five worlds essentially, and then the port of entry,  the port of adventure.
 So they kind of created little rooms that are, you know,  in some cases just here's a wall of art and here's kind of the vibe of what it'll be.
  And then Jurassic park.
 Yeah.
 It's you're walking through tunnels and it's this little  indoor jungle.
 And I don't know, it's, it's, it, I could see why this would have lit you up.
  This, this seems like a lot.
 This was fun in and of itself, regardless of the park being open.
  Oh yeah.
 I, this, this is the keystone for my, my obsession, my sickness, because I think like,  I knew there was always a little bit of behind the scenes stuff, but this had  original videos and McKets and, and big drawings, the Marvel, a lot of the Marvel concept are,  they had the Hill, like, the Greg and Tim Hilda brand, these big sci-fi and comics,  like illustrators, they did a lot of Lord of the ring stuff and a lot of star wars stuff.
  Like they did a lot of Marvel's trading cards and covers in the nineties and they had them doing  like the, you know, the promotional art for this.
 So that was a big deal to go like,  Oh, this is the real deal.
 They've got these guys doing this.
  Oh, sure.
 Okay.
 I didn't realize that.
  Well, and sort of why we're thinking about this recently is like a video just got posted that  pretty well documents.
 It's a long video that shows you kind of every room in depth.
 Uh,  because I don't know, I feel like before this, there was maybe a quick video on YouTube where  people had pictures, but this, this guy, Dave Cobb, who we just realized is the writer of the M&Ms  movie.
 He posted a video that he had that's that pretty, it takes you through every, it's,  it's a pretty exhaustive tour of this.
 So if you want to follow along with that on YouTube,  you know, yeah, we'll put a link up on Twitter.
 I'll put it in the description and  yeah, it's shockingly thorough.
 Like I had, I think in the deep back of my mind, I was like,  Oh, maybe preview center episode.
 And then I like early on, I had that thought maybe,  and then forgot about it.
 Cause I assumed there was not a lot of documentation, which there really  wasn't.
 And then like, I saw this video go up and theme park university picked it up too.
 And it's  like, wow, this is like, there's not a lot of videos of this online.
 So this is great to have.
  And he took his time going through.
 So this is, so the discovery in the video is a second of the top  five moments of your life.
 Uh, it was very exciting to see all of that, to like relive this and see  this all recounted and see also like some very like video wall, like the open, the front room with  the giant walls of the CRT TVs showing stuff.
 This did, I wrote down how this made me miss  video walls.
 Now we can have one giant screen that looks very wonderful, but I really like when it  just had to be lots of TVs all stacked up.
 It feels so cafe eighties, uh, back to the future to  terminator two, three D is very video wall.
 It's an excellent video wall in this.
 What if rise of  the resistance had instead of having that incredible hanger screen was just a bunch of TVs.
  Just all, all with sort of like a, uh, kind of attitudey video starring Kylo Ren, where he,  like at one point he takes over 50 of the TVs and then it's a bunch of small ones.
 Yes.
 Changing  all the time.
 That's when it's like max headroom.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 A lot of static, a lot of glitch.
  Um, I, that's when, when those doors open, I would gasp and the rest of the crowd would be silent.
  Seems dated.
 That's the view in this space hanger to each his own.
 That was a thing that kind of  struck me as odd comparing the two star wars rides in the land is like Honda and Chewy, like their  screen is kind of CRT like kind of like glitchy and stuff.
 And then the, the pre show room where  Poe Dameron talks to you at rise is so crisp.
 It's so like clear.
 They have ex, you know, they,  despite being underground rebels, they have very clear video feeds.
 They have these Samsung curve,  the TVs.
 That's why the rest of it's all just lit up with temporary shitty lighting on wires.
  They wasted so much money on a 4k resolution.
 Uh, which brings up a funny thing about this video.
  Um, I, I was reading the comments on the video and someone's like, Oh, David, were you working  for universal at this point? And he's like, no, I was there for like the AA, a I A A P a conference,  an industry conference.
 Uh, and he would go on to work for universal, but he was just there with  someone else who did work for universal.
 And the very, like within the first minute of the video,  you hear someone go, now you have to remember, uh, this, there, this was done for like no money.
  So, which I think is also pretty impressive what they did get done for like no money.
  Well, I thought, well, yeah, when I, when I heard him say that in the video, I was like,  Oh, is this going to look like shit? And it doesn't look like shit.
 Yeah.
 So I was like a  really good museum exhibit is what it is.
 Yeah.
 Cause like, what, what was the standard for those  preview centers? Look, do they usually throw millions of dollars at them? I don't think so.
  I mean, this is one of the, there haven't been that many.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Um, we technically saw one  the Epcot.
 Oh yeah.
 New Epcot.
 Um, oh, that's an example of that.
 That's kind of a pre center.
  Nice budgeted thing, but I don't think it's a million dollars.
 No, no, I don't know.
 It  doesn't make sense to spend a ton of money.
 Yeah.
 Um, I've, I've probably said before, but I'm  obsessed with how Disneyland Paris had one of these, they like built this structure that you  have to drive out and go see.
 And then it was taken over and lived in by French vagrant youths  in the years past.
 It's demise.
 It just became like a place to skate and do drugs and shit.
  That would be cool if it was like, like some cool French crime fighting teens, like a Ninja Turtles  took over the subway and Ninja Turtles too.
 If they took over this preview center and made it  their lair.
 I like the idea of that happening.
 You're saying they're heroes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They  smoke their teens and they smoke, but they also fight injustice just because you're a smoking  10 year olds.
 Doesn't mean you're bad.
 You could be a good smoke.
 French police.
 Uh, another version  of a lot of these like preview center type things is now D 23.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 As they show off, you  know, I saw the star wars galaxy's edge models there and they've shown the ride vehicles and  it's all the same preview center type stuff.
 It's always good when they do these kinds of things.
  There's, I think it was not, as long as you're saving some secrets.
 So you've got the thrill  of like, I'm on rise of the resistance and I don't know what's going to happen.
 As long as you're,  if you're like tantalizing, giving away some stuff, it only helps.
 It gets Instagram and about it and  thinking about it and excited about it ahead of time.
 Well, and it usually fills an empty space.
  Like the current Epcot preview center is like the little used old Odyssey restaurant space.
  A thrill to be back in the Odyssey.
 Yeah.
 They're doing something with it.
 Yeah.
  Better than nothing, you know? And this was, was a green screen, like, oh, you can insert yourself  in a green screen.
 Oh, this was the space we sort of hit on it with the star Trek universal stuff  where you did little like green screen videos, uh, in the captain's uniforms and stuff.
 And, uh,  yeah.
 So it took over that and now it is lockers for the mummy.
 I, I believe that's correct.
 Uh,  yeah.
 That's the other thing about that.
 This had like prime real estate in this park.
 This is next.
  It was next to King Kong, like one of the most popular rides in the park.
 It has a giant, like  three story, like vertical billboard outside of like coming suit coming in 1999 specifically  1999, a word, a phrase you hear said again and again in this, uh, attraction.
 Oh yeah.
 So many  characters.
 The guy from the lost continent Merlin, Merlin, you again in 1999.
 That is my favorite  that they had to make original videos.
 All of them ending with a character saying, check it out in  1999.
 And we'll set sail for the ultimate voyage.
 Hey, web heads, come back and check it out in 1999.
  The cat in the hat says it kind of a weird, like not quite puppet, not quite CG cat, which I kind  of was into it.
 You'll have a time.
 That's fliggity fine.
 Just come back in 1999.
 Um, I like the, I  mean, the Seuss room was the first thing you saw.
 Well, you saw, no, you saw city walk first.
 Oh  yes.
 Let's not go past that city walk preview center.
 There was a preview of city work, which  weirdly the camera tilts up and shows you that they were calling it universals city walk.
 Yeah.
  Which is nice and clunky.
 Yeah.
 And then it's like, it's this like kooky cutout city scape, uh,  with big logos of the stuff that's going to be there.
 You know, all our favorites,  Bob Marley, a tribute to freedom, which I know that we've all gone and prayed at together.
  That's right.
 Pray for the future freedom in our world.
 Um, the, the, the hard rock cafe,  which they say is going to be the largest hard rock cafe.
 Uh, but then stuff that I don't think  got built, like there's a, there's a big E logo.
 I don't think there was an E thing.
 Was there,  well, was that the emeralds? No, I think that was the E network.
 Oh, you're right.
 I'm pretty sure.
  I don't remember anything happening there.
 I mean, the most heartbreaking thing that didn't get  built that was definitely mentioned in this preview center in the brochures was Marvel  Mania Orlando.
 And a very specific heart is broken by this.
 Very specific heart was broken.
 And I,  even if I found an Orlando and former like poster old news story saying like there was supposed to  be a Marvel Mania, but the Marvel bankruptcy killed that project for whatever reason.
  It must've just been a different legal entity that they got it off the ground in Hollywood.
  But see what on the draw, I guess.
 I don't know.
 Yeah.
 That's in this thing though.
 Yeah.
 You see  Marvel Mania on there.
 Um, and then one that was like, what the hell is it? This didn't get built.
  Did it Thelonious Monks Jazz? It's like a, I'm sorry, a Thelonious Monk branded restaurant in  Orlando.
 What are you talking about? There's no Google results for this.
 That's a very interesting.
  We need to do some digging on that.
 Cause I'm interested in that.
 I'm no big jazz head.
 Does  anyone know it was he alive or dead or I don't know.
 Is he still alive? I don't know.
 I don't  think he is.
 No, anything about Thelonious Monk.
 Well, city wall Hollywood had BB Kings for years.
  Sure.
 But he's like a guy who'd be like, you know, in a, in a Coke ad, like isn't Thelonious Monk  much more serious? Yeah, sure.
 He's, he died in 1982.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 He was 64 years old when he died.
  Why is he opening an Orlando restaurant in 1999? You know, there's a lot, there's a lot of, uh,  you know, talk now, a lot of these movies where it's just basically like you're trying to  make a bunch of money off of an artist's catalog, maybe Freddie Mercury, for example.
  That thought is a perfect film.
 Perfect.
 I, yeah, that was a bad example.
 If that was,  if that was a big, weird mess full of lies, then yes, I could see what you're saying.
  There's a Netflix show coming out where Elvis fights crime and John Varvatos does his clothing.
  Uh, I think maybe this is that this era's version of that.
 If Netflix had existed,  there would have been a full Thelonious Monk fighting crime show.
 Cause the audience,  the people in Orlando are dying to go.
 Yeah.
 Take photos like next to his suits.
 Like what  the monk stay was trying to cash in on the IP of all of the silverware was made out of ivory from  the piano.
 If he was a piano player, which I do not know.
 Sorry.
 Anyone who likes jazz.
  Of course, famously a piano player and not another instrument.
 Yeah, you were right.
 Okay.
  I'll edit out the uncertainty in the post.
 So it'll sound like you really knew what you're  talking about.
 None of that in there.
 Thank you.
 I mean, I think all those outdoor malls were just  reaching for whatever like licensing or next planet Hollywood or like the variety being able  to pitch that you have, like look at all this stuff right next to each other seemed as important  as the individual, you know, establishments to me.
 So they got to reach out to, you know,  deep cut music fit.
 They were going to build a restaurant based on Neil Young's trans album,  synth experimental, cafe, frisbee golf, some sort of frisbee golf thing, a cigar city walk.
  Florida did have a cigar bar for a long time.
 That was very popular with like people getting  off their shift at the parks, going over to the cigar bar.
 Pleasure Island.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  I think the funny thing to me, the model of like the city walk in this preview center is like,  it's chaotic just like city walk is, but it's a different kind of like, it seems like they were  still nailing down parts of this.
 It's of the whole preview center.
 They're like,  oh, they're still nailing down what this is.
 Do you think it's possible that the Thelonious Monk  was replaced by Margaritaville? Oh, maybe Buffa was more willing to play ball.
 Yeah.
  And they were like, well, let's get a better musician in here.
 Let's get a better,  well, yeah, yeah, better.
 I thought we, I, we just all, I didn't hear it at first.
  Yeah.
 On a second time.
 I mean, you watch the watch.
 Okay.
 Watch the video of lame old Thelonious  Monk playing piano, piano, piano, watch Buffett go from D to A to E and then do it again and again  and again and again.
 He doesn't need a lot of chords or notes.
 He needs a few and he only needs  a song about food.
 He needs it's the chords.
 He's not playing.
 Yes.
 It's like hundreds and Thelonious  Monk didn't have a song where you would put your two hands together on top of your head to act like  they were fins.
 He didn't have anything fun like that.
 Right.
 No audience participation,  no audience participation in his jazz.
 Thank God they didn't build this stupid cafe because we,  now you would have left you just to be excited about, I don't know what kind of plane.
 Did  Thelonious Monk even have a plane? Could there have been a plane outside? I don't think so.
  Did he loan his plane to another to, you know, count Basie and then it got shot at by a different  government? It's possible, but I doubt it.
 You might not be as excited to see if he had any sort  of plane.
 I'm gonna look up Thelonious Monk plane.
 Mike's Better was like a good Thelonious Monk song.
  You hear it once and it just sounds like standard jazz, but if you go back and really listen,  you're going to appreciate it a lot more the second time through.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah, of course.
  I don't think he had a plane incident.
 Well, then he should scarcely, he scarcely deserves  a restaurant of his own.
 I agree.
 Yeah.
 You're dead to me Thelonious.
 Anyway, so then you,  so you're walking around the different lands and you're getting a passport stamped.
 Yes,  this passport, prize possession.
 I knew I had this somewhere.
 And I knew on your person at all times.
  Yes.
 It's not the bullet once.
 That was the joke I always said it before.
 You keep it in your breast  pocket.
 Yeah.
 Here.
 Did you guys, so you guys, I am the only one who went to this.
 No, I didn't.
  Yeah, I never went.
 If you want to look at the passport, I mean, it's pretty, it was like a cool  free keepsake, but you would get it stamped in each room for the land.
 I mean, it's just amazing.
  It's in amazing shape.
 But the other thing I'd forgotten was that like kept with it is this  opening summer park map that I also was shocked because I have a lot of maps and a lot of them  very beat up, but this is like still in pretty good shape.
 Everything I have from this era is  just like decimated.
 Yeah.
 By the end of the day.
 Yeah.
 I don't even, yeah, I don't know how these  got out of the park, like and back to Pennsylvania and then to California in such great change.
 Are  these kiss marks? Are you, have you been kissing? Well, look,  I also like the, the preview center logo for islands of adventure is very like dashed out  nineties and like, I think the actual logo, very smoochable.
 I like the actual islands logo and  they haven't, they've never really changed it.
 Yeah.
 That's great.
 I mean, that is such a,  yeah, I don't know.
 I'm trying to think top, I mean, Disneyland logo itself, the classic logo.
  Great.
 Yeah.
 Walt Disney world, classic logo, best, but that is very, that is dated, but also  still good.
 Still good.
 I do have to say like for as like intense as the marketing was this map cover  surprisingly restrained like 1999 standards, surprisingly tasteful.
 That looks, yeah, a little  bit too boring for, for how exciting of a place it was.
 That looks like a map, but you would find it  like a hotel at the Wisconsin Dells for one of the like weird roadside attraction type things  you would do there.
 Yes.
 I mean, you have some touch it.
 There's like a heartbeat monitor, like  squiggle very like light along the side islands of adventure.
 There is like, it says prepare for  departure in a real like music video.
 Prepare for departure from this life.
  Now you, you, this may be forthcoming.
 I don't mean to jump around too much,  but as I'm flipping through this, cause I'm like, is there anything that didn't get built?  And what I'm staring at is the phrase X-Men adventure.
 Okay.
 So now that in the map,  in very plain black font, it does have times for X-Men.
 So I think X-Men were relegated to  the street show if memory serves.
 So that's what X-Men adventure means is that they all come out  on mopeds while rock music plays.
 Do we know that for sure? I mean, there was much more of a show  where the X-Men would fight like Magneto in the street when it first opened.
 So I believe-  Never a big X-Men ride planned, right?  Yeah.
 No, I think the ages like of the people building this, like once I did them of like,  well, they would have been in like their thirties to fifties and you got to think about like,  they want to get an international audience.
 It does make sense.
 Like, oh, Spider-Man and the  Hulk are probably the most easily recognizable of the Marvel characters, but it has always like  bugged me that islands opening in 1999 did not have more X-Men because they were just so huge  in the nineties.
 Yeah, it's crazy.
 I'm looking at the pamphlet.
 Of course there he is a very  young Jimmy Buffett on the page.
 Yeah.
 Under the above the phrase, get a nightlife.
 That's right.
  Next to next to some ribs and French fries next to Emeril.
 And then under Jimmy Buffett is Bob  Marley.
 So two great artists.
 Did I tell you that I discovered an episode of Diners, Drive-Ins and  Dives that includes where Guy hangs out with both Sammy Hagar and Mick Fleetwood?  I've seen that one.
 Would you believe it? All the friends.
 Is it all in Hawaii?  Cause isn't Mick Fleetwood's restaurant in Hawaii? He has a restaurant.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Um, just the most understandable pairing.
 And it's funny, like watching, uh, you know, Guy talk to  some chef who's like not quite of his world and, you know, trees trying to inject his attitude.
  And then Guy and Sammy are just like, it's like they're brothers.
 It's like they grew up together.
  Yeah.
 Like they speak a twin language and could just do it for like, Hey, it sounds good to me,  brother.
 All right.
 Well, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You know, make sure that one of the rest, let her talk.
  Uh, old time wrestler talk.
 Uh, have you seen the clip where Sylvester Stallone brings Al Pacino  to meet Guy Fieri and his own Guy Fieri in his own home? Yeah.
 I've seen it.
 Okay.
 You've not seen  this.
 Oh, it's really special.
 Yeah.
 And then for Pacino and Guy Fieri meet.
 Have you watched live  from Darrell's house as well? Have you seen that? Yes.
 Yeah.
 Which one? The one with Hagar? No,  I've not seen the one with Hagar.
 Is he a Hawaii guy? I think maybe a waiter or am I? No, no,  Darrell doesn't do it from though.
 He's like in the middle of the country somewhere.
 I don't know  where that show to I've seen the John Resnick from Johnny Resnick from Google dolls episode.
  It's been folds episode where Darrell, I should say this from Hall and Oats, Darrell Hall.
 Yes.
  Has a thing where he brings musicians in.
 Anyway, that'll be a second gate.
  Live at Darrell's house.
 I'm a fan of the show.
 I don't know why it's no, no, no, it's, uh,  it's theme park related.
 Um, all right here now.
 Now I have get a light, get a nightlife.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Take a look at the map.
 I mean, 1999 it's very funny to see like the, the labels for where  the, all the telephones are and the little like, uh, on the information page, like here's where to  buy international phone cards.
 Uh, fun look back to the past.
 Uh, it's like, there's like 19 smoking  areas.
 There's 19 smoking areas.
 There's smoke areas on the rides.
 Um, it also has the, um,  of course opening summer of the brand new theme park.
 That's where the nighttime show really like  there was a nine 45 nighttime show.
 And that map also has the, uh, short lived Island skipper, uh,  adventures, I believe is the term, but it's the boat that would connect port of entry straight  across to the, uh, water.
 You would get on the boat and get off at the Jurassic park,  like the giant visitor center, which was so cool.
 Cause he would feel like you were coming into  Jurassic park like, like some of the people in the films and the boats were all like junk boats.
  They all looked like they were salvaged and, uh, yeah, it was really neat.
 I mean, lost continent  and port of the whole park in general, I think is like that for universal and animal kingdom  for Disney were the road maps for like what 20th 21st century parks and lands would be like just  very detail rich, very intensive, but like, I think universal after islands open kind of took a step  back one because the numbers weren't quite what they were hoping for when this park opened.
  And then two, there was a big tourism downturn after nine 11, but they also had like, as they  were building Island adventure, they were owned by Seagrams and then they were owned by Vivendi  and then they were owned by general electric and then Comcast.
 So they had a lot of changes in  ownership.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I, you know, I forgive me as you said the phrase September 11th,  and I'm looking at a picture of Jimmy Buffett.
 It occurs to me that that September, the events of  September 11th were truly a mistake.
 Maybe the ultimate mistake.
 I would say, well, I mean,  the discussion I'm thinking we're about to start is probably not going to go anywhere.
  We don't have to have one.
 I'm just saying there was a plane involved and I, I will go on record  as saying, I think it was a mistake.
 Okay.
 Well that's on record now.
 That's right.
 And  the question, my thoughts on this, write it down in the Wiki and the podcast, the right Wiki,  down in the Wiki.
 I was going to say, I mean, as a kid, I may ask you, Jason,  Yeah.
 I think we've talked a little bit about this, but it's been a while.
 When you went into  the Toon Lagoon room, were you thrilled? I was excited.
 I read the, I loved Rockin' Bowinkle.
  Nickelodeon had the Rockin' Bowinkle license for a while.
 Right.
 And they would air it.
  It was one of the things they'd air on Nick and Nick at night.
 So I watched a lot of it.
 And then  I would read the funnies every Sunday.
 So I was happy to see all the King features friends and  all the Jay Ward pals.
 The phrase no one's ever used, the King features friends.
 I mean, look,  that should be a show.
 Kathy's ice cream parlor, like that's in, that's, you know, still there,  still going strong.
 Well, I guess was that a normal, I mean, I also liked the King's features  friends, but I didn't know they were that called that at the time.
 They were that close.
 I didn't  know they were that close either, but I was excited too, because I think it was like,  is it just our parents were so used to reading the comic strips that they gave that to us?  I mean, the one too, I just liked any, anything in comics form.
 Like I was a sucker for like the  comic book Bible.
 If you remember that, like we would get like snippets of it at church and they  would sell it on infomercial, like anything in comic book form.
 It was the Bible in comic book  form.
 Yeah.
 I think it was like Archie Goodwin did it like a big like name, uh, did it.
 Um,  but to have a land to have like Marvel bleed into like Sunday funnies and rock and bow and go,  uh, delightful Dr.
 Seuss on the other side.
 I mean, everyone liked, I wasn't really thinking  about Dr.
 Seuss that much when I was like 12, 13, but still like, Oh, nice to see the gang is all  here.
 A very good, like a property for a theme park to grab.
 Yeah, very good.
 And they,  the stories of that, they had to work like they had to work.
 It sounded like they had to work as  hard to like sell the guys, a widow, uh, as they did for like JK Rowling.
 Like they had to like  have their ducks in a row to go in with that.
 The saving Mr.
 Banks is what it was.
 It was,  yeah, it was just like real life.
 And in the end of the movie, she loved it.
  She loved what they did.
 And I mean, the cat in the hat movie.
 I think we've touched on it a little,  but like the saving Mr.
 Banks with the cat in the hat movie where then she's at the premiere and  like, it's a masterpiece.
 Yes.
 They tried that.
 They tried cause Spielberg consulted on all this.
  So they're like, Steven, can you talk to Mrs.
 Geisel? And like, that didn't work.
 Like they had  to get to the book agent first and pitch to her and get the book agent on board to pitch to  uh, uh, Mrs.
 Geisel.
 So like, and also this is all happening after the cartoon world,  the Warner Brothers, like cartoon world project falls apart.
 And so it's just kind of like,  well, they had cat in the hat, they own Jurassic park, uh, DC's out, but they can get the Marvel  characters for a song cause they're about to go bankrupt.
 And then for a song, that's an  old timey expression.
 I was going to say, that was my guess is that you had a very old timey  phrase in your head.
 I, we're talking about rocket bowing, going King features.
 Can you blame me?  He was starting to go like sort of regress back to the time period in which he was born  and which he was truly like part of early 1920s.
 You're describing being an early  teen and being excited, walking into a room that had a big display of Lil Abner in it.
  That's right.
 Yes.
 Little Abner, Beatle Bailey, you know, really, uh,  he didn't like Beatle Bailey a little too, uh, counterculture.
  It's my friends from gasoline alley.
  Jeffy, of course.
 Scott's friend, Jeffy.
 I do love Jeffy.
 Oh Jeffy.
 Sure.
  From family circus.
 I'll follow that line.
 Anyway.
 Um, yeah.
 So, uh, I don't know what else,  do we jump around from room to room? Uh, we don't have to have any logic in how we move through this  space.
 I already jumped to Toon Lagoon.
 I mean, Dr.
 Seuss was the first room then lost continent,  lost continent.
 Someone actually on Twitter, you know, asked about dueling dragons lately and  they're like, yeah, it is interesting how like a bunch of people who had either been let go or  left Disney went on to work on this mythical, uh, part of a park after they had not done anything  with their ideas for a mythical part of animal kingdom.
 It's kind of the theory.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  With the animal kingdom logo, which still has mythical creatures in it that aren't represented  anywhere in the public.
 Yeah.
 That's the kind of the theory that a lot of that just moved to  universal.
 It is, uh, just from hearing like stray stories here and there, it does seem like the  amount of this type of thing that happens, uh, is if it happens frequently is really what I'm saying.
  And maybe like not documented or like you can't really be on record trashing somebody for bringing  an idea from one place to another.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Cause it might happen all the time, but I think,  yeah, probably there's gotta be many instances of it.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I know it happens in the  comics world.
 It certainly happens in the wrestling world.
 Like people just jump from thing to thing  or like just steal ideas.
 Well, yeah.
 I mean, there's like, you know, it's ants and a bug's  life.
 It's stuff like that even sometimes too, where it's like, we're just, we're the, we got  to beat the other people.
 We stole this podcast from three other guys.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's was,  there's was called podcast escape.
 Yeah.
 And we punched it up.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Just made it a  little more relatable.
 And then punched them in the face and told them to stay out of podcasting.
  You've never heard of them.
 Yep.
 Since they're trying still.
 Mission accomplished.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But we're using certain ways to stifle their promotion.
 Yeah.
 And we have a copy of it.
 No  podcast can have the word podcast as the first word ever.
 I guess if you see one again,  report that to us, we got the, we got Paris Hilton's lawyer that did the, it's hot trademark.
  So we've been busy.
 I mean, we also have filed suit against anyone who just calls us the ride.
  Like scenes to misunderstand all the time.
 And like, haha, it's a funny misunderstanding.
 No,  it's not.
 It's not fucking funny.
 We're branded a certain way for, for a certain reason.
 So yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Learn the name.
 Um, this, I have the lost continent area.
 I like that.
 I think this is  my favorite part of it.
 And the most like 1997 part of it, does you kind of go into this gate that  has two illustrated dragons.
 It looks like a, I was like, if, if there was like a laser tag that  was sort of like a generic attempts to be a, a magic, the gathering themed experience, um,  it just, or it looks like I like a really good setup at like a, like a book fair or something.
  I hate the vibe of this was just so odd and, and, but fun and like a mini golf.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  Very good mini golf.
 Like painted flats.
 I mean, it's mostly painted flats.
 There's a bubbling  cauldron.
 Got to give them credit for the cauldron.
 Green water.
 Yeah.
 There's like  stars in the sky.
 Uh huh.
 Yeah.
 And then, and then I mean, my, you know, post fries, as you know,  my greatest love, an odd video that only plays in one location where a man, where a man talks to you.
  And in this case, I, I, the way the video is edited, he's talking for a while and I was like,  who is this? And then until it loops around like the adventures of many who you've heard of, uh,  Poseidon and, and myself, Merlin,  Merlin.
  Merlin would immediately like, they could not have gotten the bulldozers going soon.
  Like as soon as they had the Harry Potter license, like Merlin woods gone, you're out.
  After that video I hosted for you.
 Yeah.
 This whole section.
 I did the,  I did the preview center thing for free.
 What was there a walk around Merlin?  I believe so.
 There probably was a whole side.
 I mean, it was divided up into like  Atlantis kind of Greek, Greek stuff.
 And then Merlin and Merlin sort of,  and of course Merlin had a presence at city walk Los Angeles in the three story restaurant bar  wizards.
 Yeah.
 Long partnership between universal and Merlin.
 Sure.
 They've ended it,  which is unfortunate.
 That's yeah.
 After all, after decades and decades of partnership, uh,  yeah, it's just throw them to the street.
 Cause the Harry Potter, some new jackass kid shows  all these other wizards.
 He's the original wizard.
 He does back of the house at mythos.
  Now he does payroll for methods.
 So sad, but it's so fast for him.
 Cause he just waves his  hands around and then numbers fall into place.
 Try to have a wizard to your taxes.
 It's the job  to anything.
 Very easy.
 Yeah.
 Pretty detailed concepts are from like a lost continent.
 I've  heard like alternately, like people going, this was the most fun to work on because we had no,  we didn't have to stay glued to any intellectual property.
 But then people also being like,  we ran out of money.
 We couldn't license anything else.
 Mythic characters are in the public domain.
  And I'm sure it was like a little bit of both because mythos is very big Poseidon's fury has  that massive facade.
 Like, yeah, you just go, yeah.
 Is it, I'm trying to think other of major theme  park lands.
 Is this the last like kind of semi original land? Am I wrong? Is there Cal,  I guess California adventure? Disney sea.
 Yeah, that's true.
 You're right.
 You've guys been to  Disney sea.
 I've only seen the pictures, but port of entry and lost continent.
 It does feel like  there is some DNA to Disney.
 What would become Disney sea.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Um, well the new epic  universe, whatever, is that what it's called? I always forget for universal in a couple of years,  I guess the monsters land that is pretty much confirmed now, unless they stop building will be  the closest like to them getting like some room to breathe.
 I mean, it is still IP though, but it  feels like that's not so tied to like, no one's going to be mad if it, excuse me.
 No one's going  to be mad if it doesn't like follow the original Frankenstein movie to a T or something.
 Yeah, for  sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That is very islands of adventure that you're at, like a sort of original.
  Yeah.
 It's the closest they can do in 2023 whenever it opens still a property, but not a  property from the last 20 years, which is refreshing.
 Yes.
 Very.
 I mean, that's the most  exciting part to me of that park.
 Have you seen the rumor of what that ride system is at the,  for the Frankenstein castle? Nope.
 Is it the move, the room, the elevator kind of room?  No, sort of supposedly.
 So there's going to be real quick.
 Epic universe is going to have a  couple of lands, Nintendo training, how to train your dragon, Harry Potter, but there's going to  have a horror section that's like Frankenstein's castle in town.
 And it's going to be like spooky.
  And supposedly the ride is Frankenstein's castle.
 And it's going to have all the monsters in it.
  It's like an AA, uh, animate audio animatronic ride with a cook arm, but the new version of the  cook arm that's essentially on a roller coaster track.
 So it's like, I think the cook arm  and Harry Potter has to just sort of go on a flat circle.
 This one can go up and down on a roller  coaster track.
 So you can like, you can do the same stuff Harry Potter, uh, forbidden journey does,  but you can also send people hurtling down on roller coaster, like drops and stuff.
  So like that's the idea.
 I think is it's going to be like some crazy e-ticket  with all the monsters, which sounds awesome.
 Anyway, since you bring up that third park,  one of the things I came across, like reading about the, the, you know, this preview center  and the Genesis of islands of adventure, they had big plan.
 I mean, the plans were to keep moving  like every eight years or so they were going to first off when they're like, of course we're  opening islands of adventure and city walk and our first hotel and soon five hotels.
 It took them  years and years to get five hotels open.
 These third park was slated to open.
 They were eyeing  2007 on that Lockheed, that land they bought from Lockheed Martin sold and then bought a chunk of  it back.
 I believe like they, they had plans, unfortunately, uh, corporate being sold so many  times, uh, international events and then just the, the blunder of the marketing.
  Also this, I was just going to say this stuff, all like world events, they get grand plans.
 So I'm  like still stressed that they're going to even build this park.
 Cause I heard Jim Hill was saying  that the cost of Chinese steel has skyrocketed and it's an issue now building new big crazy theme  park things.
 I think they've already broken ground though.
 They ha well they have, but like,  apparently it's a scale budget wise.
 Oh, I see.
 Budget wise.
 They only budgeted so much money  for the steel and now the steel is more expensive.
 The marketing guy who apparently came up with the,  um, cumbersome universal studios escape branding had the cumbersome name of Edgar Bronfman jr.
  Well, Bronfman is yeah.
 Wait, that's like a, isn't that who owned Seagrams or something? I think so.
  Yeah.
 I think he was like pretty involved.
 The son of, I don't know.
 That name is familiar.
  But back to the previous, to the lost continent stuff, there's some like good little props and  like cool, uh, three dimensional, like scary, what do you call them? Like stone?  Gargoyles.
 Like this is really what they are.
 And that video is so good.
 This Merlin video  is filmed so close.
 Yes.
 Very close.
 Not be closer to him.
 I wrote down a couple parts.
 I like he,  his description of the mythos restaurant, which if you don't recall is the restaurant inside the fake  rocks.
 It was in the fake rock final four.
 Uh, he's that place where ancient mystics and philosophers  gather and also mythos sells food.
 It's very funny.
 Food.
 So fine.
 It rivals the nectar of the gods.
  I got a cheeseburger there.
 I pretty good lay out like how it's just good.
  Definitely.
 I don't know what God necked your tastes like.
 So I can't really compare it tastes  like a cheeseburger.
 You know, like a, like an okay cheese, like a fine cheeseburger, not even a good  one.
 I find one, but God still have to hire, you know, just day to day chefs.
 Like it's not just  magic making this stuff.
 Yeah.
 So you don't understand getting defensive.
 I'm sorry.
 They're  following a manual, you know? Um, I, he said also something about when did the time when dragons  belched fire belt, yeah, like that a lot.
 That is good.
 You would, yeah, you would think it would  be less gross, but that's how we said it.
 Um, yeah, I want more Merlin's content in general.
  I am interested.
 I need to look into more of what Merlin was, was doing before they leveled that  place.
 Yeah, I haven't, I wouldn't go back to that like end that often.
 It's, it's, yeah, it's a sort  of a, like a tune town.
 Cause I only went, wow, I guess I went one, I went right when it opened,  but I don't recall that section very well.
 I think I was so obsessed with Marvel and, uh,  Beatle Bailey that I couldn't get to, uh, the lost continent too much.
 So I don't have much  of recollection there.
 A lot of lost continent has not, for as much as universal loves to bulldoze  or history, much of islands of adventure preserved.
 Right.
 Yes.
 For better or ill.
  Which is, which is crazy because you would think that the tomb lagoon would be gone.
  Yeah.
 But I think actually what happened is they got so ambitious in the last couple of years,  that's what saved everything.
 Cause the third park was on the table versus this.
 Cause at first you  would think they would have just like, well, let's gut half of islands of adventure and put new stuff  in.
 But I think they got very ambitious with their plan to take Disney head on again.
  I think that's right.
 Yeah.
 I mean, their thinking was with islands of adventure is like,  now they're thinking is like, let's get people to set universal as where they stay as like their  base when they come here.
 At the time in the late nineties, they were like, we just need to shave.
  We just want to shave another day off people's Disney.
 Like we just need a little, we just need  to shave a little more.
 Maybe they would stay here for a night or two, but we just need like,  they kept seeing the phrase like we just need to shave off some of the Disney money.
  It's a major victory.
 If they can, I'm certainly thinking about it.
 Next time I go, I like you to,  maybe you just like, you just lift into specific Disney parks and then Lee is a poke.
 Cause already  you're like so spread out around there.
 So staying on property doesn't necessarily do a ton for you.
  Yeah.
 To being at a universal hotel where you're, you're kind of right there.
 You're right in the  action.
 That's right.
 You don't need to escape.
 Yeah.
 Cause yeah, so that's, yeah, supposedly  that's what, what's the hotel that they're going to charge? This is all Jim Hill information credit  to Mr.
 Jim Hill.
 What's the endless summer? Is that the one that's going to be like $99 a night?  Half of it's already open.
 The other half's opening.
 The idea is to like undercharge people  for years just to like reset their vacation clock or vacation brain to be like, well,  we may as well just stay universal and go to Disney for a couple of days.
  Boy, if that, I don't know, I could see it.
 That's what they're trying.
 I mean,  if it's three parks and then a water park and a bunch of hotels, yeah.
 And you go, well,  I guess we'll just go there and then we could go to Disney for a couple of days.
  Certainly my verdict from our recent trip, the best like day theme park wise definitely was  the universal.
 There's a lot of pack.
 It's a lot of stuff.
 I mean, they're packed next to each other.
  So it's like you get all your, there's a lot of hits in that.
 You end up feeling like over  way into a lot more like let's park cop Disneyland and California adventure.
 Yes, for sure.
  You're not like wasting much time, you know, on transit, although that's not a waste of time to  Jason, but you're desiring to be on a bus for.
 Well, but in terms of accommodations, like the  highlight of pop century was the skyliner.
 The room was very practical.
 But Cabana Bay,  I just found to be such a pleasant hotel and that that is like, they're like value,  one of their value ones.
 It's styling.
 The theming is good.
 The theming is really,  yeah.
 Everything was very nice there.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, if Disney could sky, if they get,  if everything's connected by skyliner and it's like insanely fast now to get everywhere,  you can see how that would really improve your overall stay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But it is still can be  a bit of a pain to get from place to place.
 It's things are still at stake.
 Definitely.
 They can  absolutely.
 I think universal could, could become, I think there's still like a decade away or more,  but I think they could become the standard bearer.
 They're still in the thinking of like,  let's go hard.
 I wouldn't be surprised if they were thinking like fourth park by the end of  this decade.
 I mean, I wouldn't be, I mean, like if it's, if they're opening this in 2023,  they could go like do more hotels and then another park.
 Just the room is the issue.
 Do they have  another like expansion? Like another question.
 I don't know if they, I don't know if they've  marked any place, but I think they have land around.
 This is also, as we say, like, well,  everything's all tied together at universal.
 That third park's going to be down the highway.
  That is a bit of a bummer.
 They have to figure that out.
 But they have talked,  Jim has alluded to, like, they were considering alternative transportation methods, be that some  sort of monorail, some sort of gondola system firing you from a cannon.
 I, I would love to be,  yeah.
 And there's trains coming, Virgin trains going right to, do you know about this? There's  a privately owned the Virgin train line in South Florida.
 Oh, and, and they are building, like,  they are working out the kinks to like build a station from Disney to Disney World.
 So you could  do a day trip to Disney World on like a super fast train from like Miami or whatever.
 Would there be  an airport stop or no? I believe that's in the works.
 Yeah.
 Cause it would be like, it's even,  it would be even quicker to get like maybe what? 10 minutes, five, like less like a straight shot  to Disney from the airport.
 Geez.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 But I don't know if you,  I'm sure they're lobbying.
 So there's no universal stop.
 I'm sure.
 Straight to the heart of.
 Well,  no, wait, because.
 Oh, I may be wrong.
 Epic Universe is across from the, the Orlando Convention  Center.
 Oh, okay.
 So they are lobbying to get a stop as well.
 Okay.
 Cause of that.
 For that new park.
  Yeah.
 But that has to be part of it where Disney's trying to stop that.
 I think the convention is,  so I think the convention business is so big.
 They have to.
 They have to.
 Yeah.
  Interesting.
 Not perfect.
 Uh, 1990s era Marvel.
 Really that room is interesting.
 That room looks  like a carnival.
 Yeah.
 Like.
 Little underwhelming.
 Very black lady.
 Yeah.
 That has an interesting  original video where they like, there's a Spider-Man wandering around.
 I think we could have with the  resources at our disposal, we could easily replicate that Spider-Man video.
 Yes.
 Oh yeah.
  In an apartment or a hallway anywhere.
 But I kind of liked it though.
 I liked it.
 It's a little like,  like sixties Batman.
 It was kind of fun and cheapo.
 It's the guy who I forget the guy's name.
 He's  Greg in the Brady Munch movie.
 He does a Spider-Man's voice on the cartoon and is doing the voice here.
  He's cause he's also Prince Eric, I believe.
 Is he? I think so.
 It's Christopher something or other.
  I haven't looked that up.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And he's doing the, I assume he's not under the mask.
  Uh huh.
 But maybe I'm wrong.
 Cause he was Spider-Man in other stuff too.
 He was Spider-Man in the cartoon  in the early nineties or 94.
 I guess it's not the early.
 I think I have that in my head that he's also  Prince Eric, but I don't quite agree.
 Uh, Christopher.
 Yeah.
 Christopher.
 No, now I'm going to an ad.
  Christopher Daniel Barnes.
 Sir.
 He is.
 He is Eric.
 Yes.
 Prince Eric.
 Correct.
 It's weird that we don't  all, that's a pretty major character.
 That's interesting.
 That we don't know the name of that guy  or that he's Greg from the Brady Munch.
 And he's good in the movie.
 I don't think.
 Spider-Man.
  The voice actors, besides like, you know, the stuff, it's like Jerry Orbach and Angela Lansbury,  like the big names.
 I feel like the voice actors really did not get a lot of credit in that like  second golden age of Disney movies.
 Not quite enough.
 Yeah.
 It becomes more famous people.
 Yeah.
  Hey, Scott Weinger, uh, did a great job.
 Full House is Scott Weinger.
 He's very good.
 Isn't that's,  that's an underrated performance in general.
 Yeah.
 Um, Oh, it looks like he Christopher Daniel Barnes  has been electro lately in Spider-Man media.
 Oh, how about that? Marvel media, Spider-Man's villain  Electro.
 Um, the, the video in the Marvel area uses that if this effect was very popular in 90s  promotional comic stuff where it's like the characters are coming off the cover,  like they have clearly just peeled it off.
 My favorite detail of that is they have like kind  of a montage of covers and the X-Men cover you can clearly see as the cover to the Marvel index to  the X-Men, which were just informational booklets.
 Like they were sized like comic books and you'd  open it up and it was just like an occasional drawing with a lot of very dry text recounting  events.
 Your favorite characters from your favorite indexes will come to life.
 Indexes,  handbooks, like, oh man.
 The unofficial, the official handbook of the Marvel universe.
  I have a couple of those collected and all it is is just shows you the character and then what's  their name and what's their like powers and stuff.
 And it's just like a list.
 It's like a dossier  that you would get for whatever reason.
 I loved those as a kid.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
 Getting to see like,  well, this, okay, this is what their powers.
 That's like, that's liking Disney annual reports.
  Just like any, it's in my house and there's a picture of a character I like.
 Yeah.
 And this  would be like, okay, her power is shooting fire and this person's power is shooting water.
 Just  hope you learn it's flashcards.
 Yeah.
 It felt, yeah, it felt academic.
 It felt like you were  learning something.
 I select that up on the walls in this place that there's  these characters and then kind of the, you know, the, the sixties Batman action words  and the specific ones are crack KRAK and Krong.
 That feels like DC had copyrighted all of the  basics.
 Right.
 The way I'm in Biff and all that's left.
 This is like the, this, this is like quibi,  like looking for what nonsense words aren't already purchased as dot coms yet.
 What we got  crack and we got Krong.
 What's weird is they didn't use any of the very Marvel specific  ones like BAMF B A M F, which is what happens when night crawler teleports and there's a puff of  smoke.
 It's BAMF.
 Yeah.
 Spider-Man with his webs is thwip, thwip, T H W I P.
 And then Wolverine,  when he uncheats his claws from his hands is snicked.
 Yeah.
 S N I K T.
 Yeah.
 So it's weird  that they didn't have those.
 They didn't have any of the Marvel ones in there.
 This, yeah, there is  famous Marvel onomatopoeia.
 So why not use it? That's very, those are all very good.
 They actually,  they do all describe the sound really well.
 Yeah.
 BAMF is my favorite, I think.
 BAMF.
 Yeah.
 BAMF.
  Is there anyone else? Did I miss any of those are the main three? Those are the big ones.
 I think  somebody has another one.
 BAMF sounds like some nightmare convention that like Donald Trump Jr.
  would speak at.
 Yeah.
 Donald Trump Jr.
 half of shark tank.
 Um, the impractical jokers and the  piano guys are there because they're not partisan.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Our opinion.
 Yeah.
 We'll just say,  you know, you convince us.
 We like all sides.
 We're open minded.
 That's what we're.
 In terms of like,  not built stuff, probably the biggest, the biggest piece of concept stuff in this Marvel area,  these crazy 3d glasses, these crazy like headsets.
 Like this is what you would wear.
 Like an orgasm.
  He's having lawnmower man sex.
 He's plugged in.
 Yeah.
 We'll post the,  take a screenshot of that just so we can remember.
 Oh, I'm looking at Doc Oxlare.
 Oh,  visor, very big character design in comics in the nineties, these kinds of visor head things,  not dissimilar to some of the augmented reality patents we've seen the last couple of years.
  There was another, oh, in, in Dr.
 Seuss, this crazy like little tower.
 Yeah, that's fine.
 That was  just purely, it seemed like it was placemaking.
 I don't know that that ever got built.
 The concept  art of that Dr.
 Seuss stuff looks a little sadder than what they built.
  Yeah.
 Like scary.
 Yeah.
 Like I guess maybe the colors aren't as bright ruins.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 This  is where the lost Dr.
 Seuss civilization.
 Well, the Zachs, the Zachs refuse to get out of each  other's way.
 So civilization fell apart as a, yeah, it remains stubborn.
 It may happen to us.
  It may happen to us.
 We don't know what has happened when this comes out.
 We have learned  nothing.
 This is out, making everybody worried.
 I guess you're right.
 We shouldn't stress everyone  out.
 The, the Marvel concepts are much more ambitious.
 Like the roller coaster going through  Dr.
 Doon's Fearfall.
 Yeah, that's would have been fantastic.
 Yeah.
 That sort of more idealized  version of it.
 It's funny.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 No, no, no, go ahead.
 I wouldn't make a great point or  anything.
 I, it's just funny when I was, when, when I was there when I was a kid,  I wasn't even really like, I was like in unconsciously upset that the Hulk wasn't a real,  we talked about this in the Hulk episode, like there was no actual robot Hulk on it, but  like in hindsight, it's so clear, like, well, they had money for one cool ride and then the  others are just like roller coaster in a drop.
 But in that art, you just, I like, you get fooled by  that art because you're like, holy shit, Dr.
 Doom.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But especially like, yeah, when you're  kid.
 Well, and I had mostly like the Dr.
 Doom ride had not been super long.
 Anytime I've been in the  last few years, the wait is not long enough that you have to wrap through the whole queue, but it  was open last time we were there.
 So I was like, Oh, let me just take the main way through instead  of single rider.
 And it is very elaborate.
 There's a lot of Doom bots everywhere.
 There's original,  there's all the cartoon stuff going.
 It's like, looks like a dungeon, like a Latvarian dungeon,  you know? So like, again, little bits of details here and there, but like the, the promise that  you would see in like the Wizarding World of Harry Potter or Galaxy's Edge or Pandora was still a long  time off.
 Yeah.
 You were saying the fully, fully realized version in our heads was still a ways away  for something.
 The budget of this park was a billion dollars.
 Sure.
 And that is how much they  spent to build two rise of the resistances.
 Supposedly.
 I mean, it might be more honestly,  probably more because they had like delays in construction issues and big delays.
 Yeah.
 So yeah,  that is crazy.
 I don't know what inflation is.
 I don't know.
 I don't quite know.
 I guess they had to  build a water system.
 So that means the other 1.
6 billion went to CityWalk building another parking  garage, building an entire interconnected waterway, hard rock, you know, important stuff,  important stuff.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And that's, and so Thelonious Monk had to go.
 So sorry.
 Don't  got money for sorry Thelonious.
 Should have played piano better.
 I don't know when they open a new  version of CityWalk, maybe they can get that back if they have some of the fun stuff.
 They had to  wait for Shrek 4D for Thelonious to show up.
 So Thelonious of course, the executioner character  in Shrek.
 The famous.
 Jurassic Park, maybe the most elaborate of the little rooms in this.
  There's a wall that's labeled Raptor Pit.
 It's a pit.
 Pit.
 I love that.
 Why are they kept in a pit?  And it bangs every once in a while.
 It bangs constantly seemingly for the video, just like  rattling against the wall as if they're trying to get out.
 And why wouldn't you if you're in a pit?  The plan for the Raptors is just like, eh, toss like 40 of them in a pit, which the pit means like  it seems like it's designed to throw your enemies in.
 It doesn't seem like that's a good place for  Raptors to live.
 It feels like, well, that's where a super villain will hit a button under his desk  and drop you into.
 Unless that's actually really kind of a carryover, a crossover from Marvel.
  That's Dr.
 Doom is going to throw you in a Raptor pit.
 They really should have on the borders of  these lands mashed up each property.
 Oh, absolutely.
 So you would have, I mean, obviously they're not  next to each other, but yes, if Dr.
 Dooms fear fall was next to Jurassic Park, the fear, the  fear fall into the Raptor pit.
 Oh, that's cool.
 Or like somewhere in the ride, somewhere on  bilge rat barges, Popeye's eaten a big, uh, uh, he, he scrambled up some, uh, pterodactyl eggs.
  Sure.
 Great.
 It doesn't, yeah, it doesn't need to be something crazy, just something very,  make that gradient a little smoother.
 Nothing ever goes away.
 Maybe that new roller coaster they're  building at Jurassic Park, maybe that's the Raptor pit.
 Well, there, I do know a little bit about  supposedly from the rumors at least is there is a, there's, there's the one section with robots is  Raptors.
 Cool.
 It's not going to be as good as Hagrid's.
 I don't think I don't.
 Yeah, I don't  think so.
 But apparently the launch area is like through a Raptor pen.
 Oh Jesus.
 So there's Raptors  on each side and then you shoot off and it's a fairly normal cool roller coaster.
 I think.
  Scary.
 Okay.
 It sounds scary, but it sounds cool.
 I like it.
 Yeah.
 That was the thing I came across  reading about this.
 When this opened, people were excited because there hadn't been a lot of new  roller coasters in Florida in a while.
 Maybe in Tampa, at least in this part of Florida.
  Not that Tampa's that far away from Orlando, but like, you know, uh, I think whatever other coasters  that either closed or nothing new had really come along, but this opening with Dueling Dragons and  the Incredible Hulk, that was another sign that like the seat folks, this ain't Disney prepare  for departure as the, there'll be three roller coasters then in islands of adventure.
 I guess  this summer, there'll be like three really cool roller coasters for, well, for including rip ride  rocket.
 Well, no, four and three including, oh wait, no, I'm sorry for your, no, you're right.
  It is three.
 I forgot they demolished one.
 They demolished one to build the other.
 Yeah.
 And then  if you can't rip ride rocket, which maybe we shouldn't, uh, it's four technically on the,  on the premises, I guess mommy, mommy as well as five at this point, I've been advised by  multiple people.
 Like don't go on that.
 Don't do it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We've, we've, we, we heard  similar warnings.
 Yeah.
 We should maybe do that episode.
 Is it, wait, has anyone been on it? I  haven't been on it.
 You've done it a couple of times.
 I was going to do it this time, but it was  the day that the thing broke down.
 You didn't do it a few years.
 I thought we talked about it.
  I didn't do it because I don't like that lift hill, but now that I've done it, it knots, maybe I'll  just, as long as it's open next time I go, I'll do it.
 It also, you have to do the full take everything  out of your pockets, stow your bag.
 It's such a headache for so much less reward than the Hulk.
  That 90 degree climb seems terrible.
 It is really scary.
 Really stressful.
 Really the ride itself.
  Fine.
 I can handle that now, but that climb is so stressful.
 Yeah.
 You feel like you're so pro.
  You're going to die.
 You're so well, that's look, I've, you know, it became a runner, me getting  over the launch thing, but it is not yet a runner for me to get over 90 degree lift hills.
 I'm not  going to open up that.
 You know, there was a great, there was a great idea by I believe Matt Mazani  that we had a stretch goal on the Patreon to get you on X2.
 Early on, I think he was like,  oh, you know what you should do.
 If you hit this amount of money, Scott's got to write X2.
 Great.
  When we get 50,000 patrons.
 I've been warned off that one too.
 Another one of like, this isn't  aging well.
 Enough people pay the host's money.
 How much? One of them will risk permanent damage  to his body.
 It was brain probably.
 Yes.
 More.
 Yeah.
 Most likely psychological damage.
 How much  would the audience pay to torture you to on a roller coaster? Here we go.
 I mean, we don't have  to do an official poll.
 I'm just wondering what it's worth to the audience.
 This is where we have to  separate our financials because we do even thirds.
 And now if my, your money is tied into me going  on roller coasters, I don't want to go on.
 This hardly seems fair.
 It's a good point.
 I didn't  end up any.
 I should be getting all of the money and the access money that is only me to make me  go on rides and I should be well compensated.
 I wonder what it is.
 I wonder what the money is.
  Or like we said in, I don't know if we did this episode.
 Yeah.
 We said in one of the episodes  already, or maybe I can't remember what we've released.
 If, if there's a patron tier where  they can arrange for Mike love to go on the ride with you.
 Oh, sure.
 Yes.
 But you know, I know that  came up before and that was a fun idea, but I don't want to endanger this man's life.
  I want him to be around making great music for decades to come.
 I don't want the good  vibrations to ever end.
 120 year old Mike love still rocking.
 You know, just recently he put  out a very essential cover of the Ramones rockaway beach.
 That's, that's something you want in 2019  is a new Mike love Ramones cover, which probably came about because they're conservative like him.
  Right.
 I don't know about these punks.
 You know, they do there.
 I think they're Trump.
  It sounds groovy, man.
 Do you, do you think in 30 years from now, Mike love is hooked up to that  thing.
 The emperor's hooked up in rise of Skywalker to keep them alive and rocking.
  So the show, like that thing that like moves him around is like what happens at the concert.
  When, if he comes to me with some plan about a dyad and like, you know, making him live forever,  I'm like, cool in whatever you say, grandpa Mike, I'm not resistant.
 Shit emperor.
 Mike  of emperor Mike grandpa, grandpa, emperor, emperor, grandpa, Mike, emperor, grandpa, Mike,  someone draw it please.
 Anyway, what do we have to wrap this up? I don't know.
 Yeah.
  Jurassic park was the last one.
 Jurassic park had the, in the video has the best,  you can see the example of like the massive, like stamp your passport machines.
 You would  feed this little paper in to get like a quickly fading stamp.
 Like a parking validation, like a  parking valid.
 Hey, that's right.
 Yeah, it was great.
 It was super fun.
 Plasted a couple of years  closed when the park opened, obviously something.
 What was the other stuff I found out about islands  of adventure? I never really realized.
 Oh, I think it was the first park, first park designed with  like stereo sound, like designed from the ground up with stereo sound, because as you go through  the lands, the like background music tracks or sound effects kind of evolve.
 First park with  an original soundtrack as well, like composed for the park, for all the different lands.
  And apparently the, the background music for lost continent was done by a guy named William kid,  who was a protege of John Williams kid also wrote the soundtracks for returned to lonesome dub and  the theme song for a low some car, the new adventures of Superman.
 We all sing that.
  We all love it.
 I imagine it was adventurous.
  Would you say, Jason, if you like, you know, people use VR sometimes is like therapy.
 If there was a  VR, just islands of adventure, would that be the, maybe go to like when you needed to just chill out?  Probably.
 I could see that.
 Yeah.
 Or even just the preview center.
 Or yeah, the preview center,  the island skipper, that, that two minute ride across the water.
 Yeah, that's the thing in the  map too.
 There was something else in there.
 Oh, there, there was a weird cartoon show in the big,  there was a big theater back at tomb lagoon that is mostly used for special events.
 Now  there was like a cartoon on parade sort of thing where like Rocky and Bo Winkle and like  Heathcliff or a little Abner, like, yeah, very weird characters would do a parade.
 I mean,  you can just probably just by looking at the texts go like that was cut.
 That was cut.
 When money  started to run out, that was cut.
 Like the boats were cut quickly.
 That show was cut quickly.
  The nighttime show features friends parade.
 Oh, I would love that.
 If I, if me and Heathcliff  could ride the boat, just crisscrossing from port of entry to Jurassic park all day,  another Spider-Man is the captain.
 Someone could make, create a VR, a crude VR program for Jason.
  Now we're not calling for fan and I'm calling for some of the program of VR scenario, Jason and  Heathcliff in a boat together.
 And we just, just talk about the story, the backstory of port of  entry and you both fish in the sales.
 We eat the fish with a skeleton wood fired from cone Fisco  grill.
 At the very least somebody could create a 3d art of that.
 Like a really blocky picks like  polygon ish or like dream cast.
 Let's start with that.
 But if we can get you in sort of in a,  a get out scenario that doesn't require any lives to be disrupted, just with that allows you to live  out eternity in the walking through islands of adventure, islands of adventure is like a,  you know, it's a bad thing to like so much because like in the theme, like theme part, like, oh,  don't get too attached.
 Everything's always changing or being updated.
 That's true.
 95% of the time  except at islands of adventure, which has prevailed like largely.
 It is a place where characters will  always see you in 1999.
 Oh, perfect.
 What a perfect note to wrap up.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 If you want,  it's 1999 forever.
 It's a wonderful thing.
 And, uh, and you survive podcast, the ride, uh, escape  and, uh, um, uh, yeah, that's fine.
 Hey, let us know other preview centers you would like us to  step through.
 We'll do all this once we don't know about it is a little interesting thing to,  to track.
 I mean, I was looking at the California adventure one and there are like, you know,  there were, they were calling the coaster or something different, stuff like that.
 We'll  talk about that.
 That'll be great.
 I love that.
 I mean, this, the main thing that contract a little,  some of the concept art is a little bigger or a little grander, but it really, yeah,  it really did not change very much.
 And then in this video that you watched, they get, they walk  you outside and there's the reminder that not only is all this great stuff coming in 1999, but we're  just months away from twister, right? Yes.
 What a time to be at that part of the park and that part  of the state and that part of the country.
 Oh, a quick walk through the tastefully named gift shop  aftermath.
 And again, who knows what life will be like when this podcast comes out.
 So there may  all re well, or we will all have like survived whatever's going on and there'll be a fun gift  shop named after it.
 Yeah, not aftermath, uh, aftermath, like after cleansed, vaccine,  cleanse.
 I feel like cleansed could open in downtown Disney any moment.
 That's just like a  candle place.
 It's so no could become, so no could become cleansed.
 Yeah.
 Basin was no,  but comes could been to come.
 Yeah.
 I love it.
 All right.
 Uh, well, uh, everybody get cleansed,  wash your hands for 20 seconds at least.
 Yeah.
 Should I get cloned? And, uh, yeah, talk to you  soon.
