 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following topical podcast contains sinking cruises, speculation on a hard R.
 Lizzie  McGuire series, highly specific yet super basic ketchup preferences, and one young boy's dream  to be an electronic store astronaut.
  It's Chapex Rise, Scott at Fries on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, where we're excited that Bob Chapex is the new CEO of Disney, and  I am the new CEO of Space.
  I'm Scott Gardner, as I said, the CEO of Space, joined by Mike Carlson.
  Yes, and I am the CFO of Fun?  I don't know.
  Ooh, I like that.
  Chief Fun Officer and Jason Sheridan.
  Chief Operating Officer of NAPS?  Approved, title approved, the full board approves.
  Hey, this is kind of a fun little grab bag episode.
  We realize there's so much news going on.
  It's been a truly insane week in the world of theme parks and insane week for us personally,  and it seemed like it'd be fun to talk about all of this stuff.
  A bunch of news to talk about, and at the end of the episode we'll talk about this Fries  electronics adventure that played out in a very fun way this week.
  But for now, first things first, let's pay deference to our new leader, our new unquestioned  Lord and Master.
  Chapex.
  Chapex.
  A little more monotone actually.
  Chapex.
  Chapex.
  Chapex.
  Chapex.
  Chapex.
  Congrats to that man we always shit on, on his new promotion.
  Mike I believe you described, I say using the phrase that you were, you haven't been  contacted this much about a news story since Prince died.
  That is correct.
  When Prince died I was texted a lot.
  I mean it did, it was, and people were right to text me.
  It was a very depressing day.
  I was very bummed out about it.
  But I have not had so many texts since that day in the span of an hour or two.
  Where I think I had gotten like three texts immediately.
  I put my phone down for like 30 minutes, came back to the phone and it was seven or eight  or nine texts from different people.
  You know what's funny?  Not the case with me.
  Interesting.
  Jason, were you texted individually about Bob Chapex?  Texted, added on Twitter, DM'd.
  Well I didn't even count that.
  Yes, there were plenty of people adding us.
  But did people, I think text.
  Did your parents call?  You guys were, my dad texted me.
  Yes, about it.
  Yes.
  Whoa, whoa.
  My mom I believe did too.
  Wow.
  I was in Vegas and was napping.
  Fittingly was asleep and just woke up, like pulled up my phone to see what time it was  and then just saw all these texts.
  Which was like the middle of the afternoon.
  This is like a new one.
  Yes.
  You weren't even in Vegas for 24 hours and you were napping?  We're going to get to this on a different episode of Your Vegas Trip.
  Check out podcasts at the second gate coming soon.
  Okay, you're right.
  We can't get, that's a tease.
  I don't know.
  You were sleeping with literally 24 hours in Vegas?  Like four hours after landing in Vegas, like three hours.
  Like after lunch.
  You got there and napped immediately.
  Yeah, well the room was ready and we took the early flight.
  This is out of control.
  You immediately got there?  Living it up.
  What happens in Vegas?  You get to do whatever you want in Vegas.
  Did you go to like the pool and like close your eyes by the pool?  It was 60 degrees and windy outside.
  That's fair.
  I guess you did the next best thing.
  Check out a travelogue episode coming up with a couple of friends, a couple of famous friends.
  Real sweeties, if you will.
  Named after colors perhaps?  Yeah, so typical, you're in Vegas, it is noon and you're napping.
  Got it.
  Makes total sense.
  Got it.
  So are you woken up by text messages?  No, no.
  I edit on Do Not Disturb.
  Okay, okay.
  Yeah, we were all split up.
  I mean, well I rushed to Ontario Mills as soon as I heard.
  I hit the road as soon as I heard to make my point on Twitter.
  We all made videos that you may have seen, but it was a little war room.
  We had to figure out how to do it despite all being in separate locations.
  Well, because people were calling for an emergency episode about this.
  This is big news and obviously we were not all in the same place so we could not do it.
  Yeah.
  So we needed to put a response out.
  And I felt best if we all put out video messages.
  This is it, it's a late emergency.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, who could have seen it coming?  Because the weird way this played out, we've known for a long time current CEO Bob Iger.
  I guess not current, is he already not?  No, he's already not.
  He's officially ex-  Wow, former.
  Is the title executive chairman?  He's still with the company.
  Executive chairman through December 31st, 2021.
  He has pushed his retirement four times already.
  And the last we hear it, he was going to be CEO until 2021.
  Yes.
  That was the last-  So this suddenly happened.
  Yes, he's still there.
  He's still roaming around the company.
  He's saying he's going to do more creative work.
  That's what he's been saying.
  That's what he's been saying, I guess.
  Yes, focusing on his creative endeavors.
  He and Lucas are going to write a movie together.
  Well, he and Lucas are doing those experimental films in Lucas' garage together, but no one  will ever see them.
  They're all cutting up pig organs and stuff.
  Yeah, Lucas will never show them to anybody except for Charlie Rose.
  Like all those JD Salinger stories they found at his safe after he died.
  We will see the films after George Lucas' passing.
  Well, The Vault, when it's opened, much like Prince.
  That's a good point.
  They'll move it all close to Nazpereg's farm.
  Yeah, that would be good, actually.
  But yeah, it's confusing.
  I think it sounds like what he is sticking around to do is focus on Disney Plus and the  switch over to streaming in the new way they're presenting media.
  Yes, that doesn't sound creative to me, but not so much.
  Maybe it is.
  We also haven't jumped in with an episode since some other creative news that broke,  which is that Rick Moranis will come out of retirement for the Honey, I Shrunk the Audience,  the new Honey, I Shrunk the Audience film starring.
.
.
  Let me do a MSNBC Bernie reporting style sigh starring Josh Gad.
  So do we think that maybe Iger will be doing rewrites on this?  Well, you said Honey, I Shrunk the Audience, too.
  Well, I'm so theme park-  I was wondering if that was actually an announcement I missed.
  You know, I mean, I'm way more likely to say Star Tours than Star Wars.
  That's where my head's at.
  But I think yes, he's going to roll up his sleeves and he's going to punch up the jokes.
  I think it's on those creative endeavors, the phrase they officially use.
  You know that phrase, we're all the creative endeavors.
  Creative guy, bye bye, he's a creative guy.
  We're always saying it.
  We've all been saying it.
  Well, he thought of that great thing about distinctly Disney, but authentically Chinese.
  Of course.
  So that is one thing we know that he wrote.
  If you didn't hear our second gate episode, he several times in the Imagineering Story documentary says that we have to take time to pay tribute to when he said distinctly Disney, but authentically Chinese.
  Yes.
  That might be the flip.
 I don't know.
 Maybe I'm not getting it right.
  I don't remember.
  I'll be honest with you.
  Yeah, distinctly Disney, authentically Chinese.
  But this great piece of writing we have to tribute.
  Let's take time out of a documentary series where we can see footage of robots we love.
  To say, well, I don't know, it just came to me.
  I just thought of the phrase.
  For sale, baby shoes never worn has been replaced by distinctly Disney, authentically Chinese.
  So he's got to catch her.
  He wrote one thing.
  We do like that.
  I think it was his book or somewhere else where he was really tickled by the idea in Solo that Han Solo would say that he was alone.
  And that's when he got his trademark name, Han Solo, because he was alone.
  And that's something that Iger really liked.
  He didn't write it.
  He didn't think of it, but we know that that's where his taste lies.
  Yes.
 He liked Solo.
  And we as well as did we all.
 We all enjoyed that scene.
  Yes.
  Very much.
  Yes, we did.
  Long size all.
  We all liked the scene.
  Iger Justice Meikle learns about is that even a thing?  There's this new thing that they're doing in movies where it is questioned whether or not something is a thing.
  And this is the kind of sensibility we want to bring to the shrunk franchise.
  He's trying to.
 Yeah.
  Do you what do you think after he heard they fly now?  What do you think he was like around the office?  Yes.
  You guys seen it here? Get in here, everybody.
  The Rise of Skywalker trailer and it's in the film.
  They say they fly now.
  I have one note.
  Can we say it one more time?  And they did.
  They added a few more in there.
  I like that.
 Oh, I heard today.
  I don't want to sidetrack too much that it now it's officially canon and spoiler alert that the emperor in Rise of Skywalker is a clone.
  They finally said officially that Palpatine.
  Is that because it's in the novelization?  I don't know, but I saw a thing on Twitter from a reputable source that says it's now canon that that was a clone.
  So there that's settled.
  No film in history has had more off screen information than Star Wars Nine Rise of Skywalker.
  It is a full film's worth of knowledge.
  But isn't that brain melting giant knowledge that is not in the movie?  Isn't that fun to have more movies where you find out on Twitter a couple months later important plot points?  You have to go to a book or a Twitch stream.
  Yeah.
  If if you're like thinking too hard about the just now out novelization of the Rise of Skywalker, folks, it's time to move on.
  I think that OK, well, Disney is like changing the way the media is released, and that's maybe what shape X is going to be doing a little bit.
  And I like that they've created like a new act structure.
  Movies used to be like it was three acts that take place over 90 minutes to three hours.
  And now we've added a fourth act, which plays out extremely slowly over many months, both online and in books that you have to pick up.
  It may still be this act may never end.
  Yeah, you know what?  And I think what's fun about this is that, you know, I read that and I think it was a reputable Twitter source.
  But who knows what?  I feel like we can all contribute sort of to the canon in a different way now by just announcing something about episode nine and people going, oh, OK.
  So we could we could make up a piece of canon right now, tweet it from like a fake Star Wars news Twitter.
  And then I think it'll just happen to be canon.
  Yeah, I think we could make that happen.
  OK, so if we if we have if you have an idea, Kylo Ren is scared of toilets.
  I mean, that's because he thought of a store that would have many toilets because he realized, oh, you have to buy them somewhere.
  Oh, no.
 And he got so upset.
  He disappeared.
 He died.
  That's good.
 But I feel like maybe people might catch on that that's not a true Rises Skywalker spoiler.
  Well, I guess they're not real fans then.
  If you call the toilet something else.
  Space Evacuators.
  Pretty good.
 Yes.
  Well, there was the toilet droid we created in the Rise of the Resistance episode.
  Oh, yeah.
 P 00.
  I think well, you know what I heard from a reputable source is that there's all those like hooded characters on Exegol in Exegol.
  Yeah, you can't you never see their faces, but they shot scenes where among the hooded.
  What are they? They're like the Dark Lords of the Sith.
  All right.
 Among the among the hooded Sith spirits was all Star Trek crew members past and present for every every enterprise crew from every era.
  Those were all among.
  Well, who knows who else was that line up?  That's like a fucking Sergeant Pepper crew back there, like all sorts of people are back.
  Walter Koenig to K.
  They all shot scenes and then they were left on the cutting room floor.
  That's all real now.
  While we're talking about Star Wars, so the best article I saw about this switch over was at the Verge.
  And they kept quoting an anonymous former Disney executive who who seemed to put forward the idea that like Chay Pack is sticking around for a couple more years for oversight.
  Eiger.
  Yes, Eiger.
 Sorry.
  Chay Pack, presumably sticking around for a while, but Eiger sort of the still the big idea guy and shape pack like a caretaker CEO executing those ideas.
  But this quote very much stuck out to me.
  If he's sticking around, it could just be that he's the trainer, the former Disney executive said.
  The Sith apprentice and Sith Lord, he'll be holding Chay Pack's hand.
  He's going to take a position to still be deeply entwined with the company.
  It's still Bob's show.
  Well, I use Eiger.
  Yes, confusing because they're both Bob's.
  Oh, yeah.
 Is there anyone watching Macmillan's?  No.
  There's this very confusing thing where there's several Jerry's who are part of the scheme.
  This is similar.
  Too many Jerry's, too many Bob's that makes it confusing.
  I don't know.
 This is Bob's.
  Oh, wow.
  What? Which Bob?  And there's a big Jerry in succession to all these like white collar shows.
  They captured that accurately.
  There's always a Jerry with schemes or a foot.
  And they say like, oh, yeah, go talk to Bob about it or something.
  You don't know who.
  Boy, you don't.
  And like, oh, Bob, that's Bob's fault.
  And you don't know which Bob creates kind of a smoke screen, let's him get away with some stuff.
  That's true.
 It's interesting.
  I've seen plenty of great, real sounding rumors and crazy sounding rumors about this situation with Eiger.
  Stale is still being there.
  Yeah.
 But Chay Pack technically being the CEO.
  It's like what that's sort of saying, which I think I've seen.
  It's like, well, Eiger is going to be around if they feel like Chay Pack isn't doing it.
  Well, you know how this feels to me is this is Len O'Connor.
  Yeah, that's a very he's not really.
  We're and we're handing the reins slowly in a while.
  Yeah.
 It actually turns out he's going to stick around.
  But don't it's you know, it'll day he's going to do it.
  Yes.
 As I as David Letterman said, yeah, I'll be on the lobby.
  I'll be waiting for you.
  I'll be over here.
  I've watched.
 I've watched the letter.
  You want the law?  I think I've watched the Letterman making fun of the situation.
  YouTube videos on YouTube.
  Yeah.
 40 times, maybe it was an incredible time.
  That was really what you really.
  Yeah, it was just some of the greatest like one man shows that ever existed.
  Letterman is doing 20 minute monologues on like relishing that Jay's antics.
  And we're he his  not being sure what Jimmy Fallon's name was and calling him Lani Donoghain.
  Yes, I will never forget Lani Donoghain.
  Who's the kid?  Lani Donoghain, Lani Donoghain.
  But what have you heard  about what is what is nefarious potentially actually happening here?  Well, that in general, I mean, I think whatever level like  I think that might be the correct thing.
  It's like, well, let's see how this guy does.
  The board will assess and then come 2021.
  Does Eiger just re up again?  And they boot him.
  Well, because there's been like there's no bench.
  There's no bench.
  It's like the Democratic Party.
  There's a very minimal bet.
  I was thinking there really should be a primary for this.
  There should have been like a 10 person primary for Disney CEO  that shareholders would get to vote on because the content  we would get out of those debates.
  Yes, host debate show.
  Oh, my gosh.
 That's such a great idea.
  All sorts of gobbling making promises.
  Corporate hogwash.
  There would have been a real like tech like, I don't know,  you call it progressive candidate who wanted to put or I guess  who would who would be the one who wants to put figment back in its proper?  I guess that might be a conservative candidate, honestly,  like Senators who just wants it to be like it was.
  Yeah.
 Put Dreamfinder back in Journey to Imagination.
  You try to figure out.
 Yeah, there would be a whole spectrum.
  Some people would be like, we are leveling Epcot Center  and we're making it totally different.
  The play pavilion sucks.
  There would be a super progressive candidate who would say,  let's raise the the salaries of everybody who works at the parks.
  And he wouldn't even get to the debate.
 Yeah, that's true.
  Unlike Bernie, he's not even in the room.
  No, he would have been like driven out into the middle of the woods somewhere.
  Shot and shot.
  Yeah, that's no we're talking about like what kind of robots  people would put in the park.
  That's what people would be voting on me.
  I'm a Rassolo, bro.
 Mm hmm.
  I always thought Tom Staggs had a chance.
  He got now that that came up in a lot of the articles.
  Was that Staggs is being groomed and that at some point in 2016,  Eiger told him the board and I have lost our faith.
  Yes, he did.
 It was like Gus on Breaking Bad with Victor  when he slices Victor's throat.
  Victor doesn't even know it's coming.
 Yeah.
  Staggs thought he was going to be the CEO.
  And then they and because Eiger's done this so many times where it's like,  oh, I'm going to leave.
  And then he doesn't.
  And then, yes, it seems like they keep getting rid of candidates  for CEO.
 There.
  I read a spooky thing.
  One for Disney board members.
  There's a mandatory retire age 74.
  There is no mandatory retirement age for executive chairman.
  And Eiger is not he's in his what?  He's 66, 67.
  So he's got a few years left.
  But then a lot of people just saying Chippec has the right combination  of worked for consumer products like the studio  and the theme parks and no one else covered a lot of ground.
  A lot of it.
 That's true, because the listener may not know where this guy  came from.
 I believe he started in home video  and then became consumer products.
  Or I saw something attributing the  I don't think he was the head of home video at this point,  but that he may have been involved in the process of putting things  in the Disney vault.
  I think he's been a vault keeper.
  He is the vault keeper.
  That's what I found out that shocked me.
  That Chippec is a whole keepers.
  Supposedly spearheaded this in when he really in like the late  in the mid 90s when he he joined the company.
  Wow.
 Huh.
  The vault.
 I honestly.
 Wow.
  Do I like him a little more now because he created the vault or is the vault?  Well, we like the vault.
  Do we think the vault is cool because the vaults open now with Disney Plus?  Yeah.
 Weird that he's overseeing the company.
  I don't think the vault.
  I think the vault will close, though.
  I don't think the vault is completely, completely.
  First of all, there's a lot of stuff still in the vault.
 True.
  So I think the vault is going to be sort of a fluid thing.
  I think things will leave, go back into the vault from Disney Plus.
  I don't know what I don't.
  I mean, that's some of the excitement of Netflix and the other platforms  is what's new and what's leaving.
  And yeah, if Disney Plus just consistently has a bunch of movies up,  that's not fun.
 Right.
  That needs to be a constant ebb and flow.
 Right.
  So, yeah, you need a good vault keeper.
  I don't know who's doing it now, but obviously Chippec is overseeing it.
  Though some of the more conspiratorial ideas  I've seen are that Disney is preparing for maybe some bad news,  some rough stuff because of the coronavirus.
  We'll talk about this a little bit more later, probably.
  You know, parks are closed in China and in Japan now.
  And they are not like they're losing tons of money for millions  of millions of dollars, which are going to it's going to affect the park.
  The conspiracy theories are maybe there's other stuff, too.
  Disney is like worried about like Disney Plus is doing like well,  but they haven't had a new show since Mandalorian.
 Right.
  So it's like, excuse me, are you not watching Shop Class?  I am the show where children build shop class projects  hosted by Justin Long.
 Am I making this up?  I don't know.
 You said it so fast.
  I think it's real.
 It's real.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You know, that would have been if you'd thrown in a fake stumble,  then I might have been wondered.
  But you were pretty confident.
  I'll keep that in mind for the future.
  Are you watching? I've never heard of I've never heard of what you just said.
  It's real.
 Are you watching the balloon artist, the show where they have  hot air balloons and they design and show they print out sort of  what the different characters and designs artists make for the front  of hot air balloons and Disney Plus? Oh, right.
  You've seen that, right? With Tom Kavanaugh.
  Tom Kavanaugh.
 Oh, Ed.
 Yeah.
  TV's Ed.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And he's on The Flash.
  And it's about how you design the fronts of giant hot air balloons  to really make a show.
  Is there any other Disney Plus shows you guys have been watching that you like?  No, just those two.
  The balloon artist  and shop.
 I'm trying to remember if there's  no, I mean, I'm too sleepy this morning to remember if there's another.
  I like the nerd nest.
  Zachary Levi's the nerd nest.
  Oh, yeah.
 It's sort of your new home for all your nerd incubation.
  Mm hmm.
 I'm watching Hula Hoop Wars.
  Are you seeing that?  How about the National Hula Hoop Championship?  I didn't even know that existed.
  But thanks to.
  Half Life was a poor choice.
  Oh, yeah.
 But he's been replaced by Caroline Ray.
  Oh, that's good.
 I like that.
  So she's hosting the Hula Hoop.
  That's a little more audience.
  Yeah.
 So anyway, that's just a few.
  The Mickey Mouse Hula Hoops are fun, but they don't.
  They don't spin super well.
  No, they've got that counterbalanced.
  Half a loop and then a half a loop.
  It doesn't.
 You're not getting more than three shapes out of that thing.
  But otherwise, it's a pretty fun show.
  Yeah.
 Great show, I think.
  So, yeah.
 So Chaypeck is so according.
  Some people are thinking maybe this is sort of a safety measure  to protect Dagger, because people in corporate structures take falls all the time.
  People are set up for things.
  If something like numbers go bad, people like to point from my understanding.
  People like to point fingers at somebody and say, well, they're the problem  that is this is the problem with the company right now.
  And then they get fired and they take the hit.
  Well, similar to if we're going back to the Leno  Conan thing, Conan had to take over the Tonight Show when NBC had the corona  virus of primetime lineups.
 Yes.
  Leno oversaw a virus free era of it was a totally sanitized,  clean run through the 90s.
  And then, yeah, I mean, the Jay Leno show  ultimately became the most severe case of coronavirus.
  TV coronavirus.
  So, yeah, people are thinking, oh, this might be a safety measure  also in the sense that if like the company really like takes a huge  hit financially this year, that they can just like say, well, it's Chaypeck's fault.
  Blame it on him and Eiger goes right back in.
  Someone else, I believe, already took the fall for the weak  galaxy's edge, kind of like opening it without Rod.
  Yes, yes.
 Now it seems like it's balanced out.
  What's that woman's name? I forget the woman.
  There was a woman who got fired, who people were saying was taking the hit  for like Galaxy's Edge, not being like the blowout money.
  They knew Chaypeck was the going to be the guy.
  Maybe he certainly couldn't be him to take the fall.
  Right.
 And I guess what we've learned is that the plan of trying to oust Chaypeck  by writing a new article posing as a sick former  Disney blogger who hasn't posted anything in a decade.
  That was not a good plan for ousting an eventual CEO.
  No.
 In case you don't know what we're talking about.
  I'm not sure I know what I'm talking about.
  Well, if you would just let us do a three hour conspiracy written episode.
  Yeah, look, look up.
  Yeah.
 You know what?  We've talked about we've talked about it before.
  Tweeted us in a little refresher.
  Just Google talk to you at a bar for hours.
  Al Lutz, Bob Chaypeck article.
  And you'll find our thing where, yeah, a guy we all read in middle school.
  Al Lutz.
 Or maybe you did.
  I got in middle school.
  I was a little I was a little I was not mature enough for Al Lutz.
  His writing.
 They got racy.
  Yeah.
 But this blogger who would like they like  apparently hasn't been writing for a long time and is like bedridden.
  And people like are using his name to try to spread rumors and yes.
  And spread the word that your Abbey situation.
  Mm hmm.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, totally.
  And that that was like because they wrote a scandalous article.
  They wrote an article like ripping the lid off of that.
  It's Chaypeck who'd made all of those cuts on Galaxy's edge.
  And that's why it's not.
  But that feels like another era now that rise.
  The resistance is kind of making it all work.
  And yeah.
 And the other thing is, despite attendance being down slightly,  even as those numbers were coming out, revenue was up,  which I think is what happens when you just raise ticket prices annually  and you just kind of gradually raise the price on food and merchandise  a little at a time when people aren't paying attention.
  And you suddenly start selling two hundred dollar lightsabers,  two hundred dollar lightsabers, a new like here's the color of the season.
  Like color.
 We're doing colors now.
 Like  I I was trying to.
  You know, we've we've we've kind of painted Chaypeck as a villain  on the show before.
 Right.
  And we should say this his position that he was in,  which is head of Parks and Resorts, then head of consumer products  when they merged, is always a villain slot.
  That's always where, you know, any complaints you have,  you turn your eye or to that sort of press.
  Pressler, pressler, ran in the 90s, was very like merch heavy  and opened the, you know, some of these bad.
  Yes.
 Like Magic California Adventure original.
  He's obviously the yes, the best version of the villain in this slot.
  But yes, you're yes.
  These guys, I think, because has there been a female? I don't know.
  Who is Cynthia Harris?  What did she like?  She was a good I get confused as to what parks position any of these people are.
  Right.
 Because Parks was its own thing until about two years ago  when they combined into consumer products and experiences  and parks and resorts.
  That all became under one umbrella, seemingly because for Chaypeck.
  Like those were the things Chaypeck had experience with.
  He had done consumer products.
  He had done parks.
 Chaypeck also, while during  under like the home video sort of oversaw the buddy series,  the the airbugs and I think everyone was impressed  that he made something out of nothing.
  Like those movies cost nothing to make.
  There's no star.
  There's no recognizable actor in anybody.
  Maybe they had like a novelty Santa Claus and one of them, you know,  they they pulled the Ed Asner strings or something.
  But besides that, cute, cute animals.
  Disney has a history with cute animals.
  And then that kind of heightened to  affect the company as a whole.
  It seems like Chaypeck helping drive it.
  But Iger kind of seeing the big picture of making the company  more franchise and brand focused  and Chaypeck being one of the like lieutenants,  one one of the captains.
  By the way, I just I looked it up in Santa Buddies.
  Oh, is that you?  I know I have Cynthia Harris.
 OK.
  Oh, I'd rather hear about Santa Buddies.
  Sure.
 Who was the others?  She had a couple of different.
  She was senior vice president of park operations at Disney.
  She president of the Disney Store chain.
  She was a president of Disneyland.
  That's a merch person and a theme park.
  Yeah, I don't think she was never head of parks and resorts.
  I see.
 I see.
 OK.
  They did pull out all the stops for Santa Buddies and they  because you hallmark lifetime straight to video.
  You got to get a good Santa.
  And in this one, it was George Wendt.
  Excellent Santa.
 Yes.
  If you're if you're a heavier actor, you have to do your Santa duty  at some point in time.
  And George did it in this and probably several other things.
  I I'm not sure.
  And Santa Paws, Santa's dog in that movie voiced by Tom Bosley  for his final role before his demise.
  Wow.
 He went out as Santa Paws.
  Tom Bosley, of course, Happy Days and the voice of David the gnome.
  Yes.
 And on Broadway,  I believe, was Maurice.
  Oh, yeah.
 And the beast looks like many times kindly old man.
  I also father Dowling, of course, the murder solving  the murder solving priest priest.
  Cool.
 So I put all of this under the, you know,  chapec may be responsible for the casting of Bosley and went  at the end of the day.
  He at least gave it the general thumbs up.
  Can't be mad at him for that.
  Yeah.
 And I was trying to think about it.
  If we villainize this man, I probably do to the, you know,  this this dry consumer product side that he has.
  And the if we if we sense that some of that early  Galaxy's Edge problematic nature was due to him and his budget cuts.
  I guess that's why we villainized him.
  But I'm like, let me look at this guy's whole history  to see if he's going to be a good CEO or not.
  And then we got to go back to before Disney.
  Do you know what he did before Disney?  I don't.
 I read it.
  I forget.
 And it was it was a brand.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  He says he's been with Disney in some regard since 1993.
  And before that, he was he worked in brand management for the H.
J.
  Heinz Company.
  He worked for Heinz Ketchup and other Heinz products.
  So beans were under his purview.
  I guess various mustards and relishes.
  Yeah.
 Jason, you get a little more respect for this guy now.
  I mean, they do have 57 varieties that they have to manage and deal with.
  And this is during your child, you know, like when you were five, six, seven,  your earliest hot dogs were top condiments that shape.
  Was part of at least making your family aware of.
  I currently talked with those condiments, probably as well.
  Wow.
 So he's grown a couple sizes.
  I live in your heart.
  Ketchup kid.
 But I did like Ketchup.
  Jason and the ketchup kids.
  Jason is coming to Disney.
  Jason Jordan is the ketchup kid.
  I still like I look sideways at like  non Heinz Ketchup or like house made ketchup.
  I'm like, oh, fuck.
  Really? Oh, hunts hunts doesn't sit right.
  Yeah, that doesn't hit right.
  Some places like really nice place that make their own ketchup.
  It's it's Chipotle ketchup or something really, really hot and cold  on flavored Ketchup's.
 Really? Yeah.
  You're just a straight ahead Heinz guy.
  Again, if it's house made, maybe better.
  But if it's in a jar and it's like flavored ketchup, it's going to be discussed.
  That's interesting because as a fellow member of the sauce squad,  the chicken guy sauce squad, I am surprised that you wouldn't be more open  to different ketchup.
  Well, I mean, you get a certain level of quality.
  There's a quality assurance along with the sauce squad, I feel like.
  Well, I agree with that.
  But I'm saying just I would think you would be more open to trying.
  You would be a little bit more open minded, a little more progressive  when it comes to your ketchup.
  I am if it's made by the people, if it's mass produced, it's probably good.
  It might be gross.
  But you love the most mass produced one.
  Uh, well, I do need some.
  You've been caught.
  No, but that's just regular.
  That's regular.
  I don't want to say.
  But if there's an experimental kind, you want it to be a mom,  pocket, shirning ketchup and a big you want to get a ketchup churn.
  Yeah, that's oh, yeah.
  I really like ketchup churners on Disney Plus.
  Oh, I have seen ketchup churners is good.
  Yeah, it's it's hosted by  trying to think of the cast of.
  Well, that's good.
  Yeah, I was trying to think of who is the star of empty nest.
  What's the guy?  Richard Mulligan, Richard Mulligan.
  He I believe has passed away.
  So he was on a show.
  It's an old show they brought back.
  OK.
 Oh, they shot it a while ago.
  So yeah.
 Oh, we're confused because most of your heart hosts the new one.
  But they also show the old the 90s episode  of Ketchup Churners was hosted by Richard Mulligan.
  Yeah, great show.
 But Jason can't watch it because Disney Plus  and Disney Plus is really good.
  They got so much.
  I'm interested with your ketchup philosophy, though.
  It's interesting.
  Heinz.
 Yeah, Heinz suffer through hunts.
  So you were enthusiastic to vote for John Kerry in that election  because of his wife is one of the things like Theresa Heinz Kerry.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 When shape back worked at Heinz,  I was looking up a timeline of what was going on with Heinz when he worked there.
  And there was a tragic plane crash that killed whoever was going to be the heir  to like one of the Heinz family was going to be the heir to the fortune.
  And thus in their death, it was passed to John Kerry's wife.
  To really? Yeah.
  So is shape part of that plane crash?  I think it's fair to say definitely.
  Definitely.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  I was.
 It's hard to tell what he I don't know when he started  at Heinz, so, you know, forgive me for not being too like official here with any of this.
  But I was just like, let me find some commercials that Heinz put out in this era.
  So and again, I don't know his position exactly,  but he was there when Heinz introduced real Ghostbusters pasta.
  Can't be mad at that.
  Had, you know, pieces that looked like Slimer and other ghosts and stuff.
  And that that seemed like it was was probably well received as a very cool commercial.
  And in 1989, there was a Heinz commercial where a guy puts a ketchup bottle  way up on top of a building at a slight incline and then goes down and buys a hot dog  and kind of like impresses a girl.
 Hey, what's up?  And and then gets the hot dog just in time for the ketchup to finally drop  all the way off the building because it moves so slowly.
  They were pushing out so rich that it moves so slowly.
  And the guy in that commercial was a young Matt LeBlanc.
  Wow.
 Really? In 89.
  Good.
 So I so can we say that Bob Chapek discovered Matt LeBlanc?  Yes, I think we can.
  And definitively, there's ups and downs.
  There's the crash, but there's also LeBlanc.
  I think we can firmly say this is all.
  So I don't know.
  This pros and cons.
 Judge how you will.
  And that was a positive that the ketchup took so long,  because generally that's a complaint with a glass bottle of ketchup,  is that it's hard to get the ketchup out.
  They were presenting it where slowly pouring ketchup is good.
  But they also present that it just will naturally come out  and that you don't need to bang on the back, which doesn't feel correct to me.
  There's another one from 91 where a bunch of CGI ants  all have time, slow moving ants have time to tip a bottle  and then steal a hot dog.
  Jason's worst nightmare.
  A bunch of ants would all carry a hot dog away together.
  Well, are they bringing the hot dog to?  Are they? They could also be my allies.
  I must hang them off or something.
  You got to form a deal.
  What's in it for them?  A big chunk of cracker.
  You sure? Yeah, they probably know that.
  When people ask, like, what superpower would you want, Jason?  You always say Ant Man, because you imagine that you could control  an army of ants to steal hot dogs from a picnic.
  To bring a bottle for you, saving arm strength.
  It's so hard to get that backyard barbecue flavor, you know, so much work.
  Jason Sheridan's Ant Man.
  It's just you sitting waiting for ants to bring you food.
  Read the paper, read the LA Times.
  Come, my pretties.
  But I also in looking up his history, I discovered that  he is an alumni of Indiana University.
  And it's been a big week in general for Indiana University alumni,  because fellow IU alum Mike Pence was put in charge of the coronavirus.
  So Disney and the coronavirus, both in the hands of esteemed alums.
  Of that, yeah.
  Yeah, I believe I can trust in the Indianans to take care of this.
  I believe I partied at that college one night.
 Really?  Yeah, my friend was there.
 We went took a trip.
  Whoa.
 I didn't party with Pence.
 I'm not that old.
  I don't.
 Yeah, I don't think Pence would have been there.
  JPEG.
  It's a good lineup of, by the way, Howard Ashman, writer.
  Oh, yeah.
 Of your world and such.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Isn't that weird?  Yeah, it is.
 A lot of Disney history.
  I toured Indiana University of Pennsylvania, which is a second,  confusingly named college.
  It is in a small town where Jimmy Stewart was born.
  Oh, they have a little storefront, Jimmy Stewart Museum.
  Didn't that wasn't enough to sell you that? No.
  Hmm.
 What were you looking for?  I was looking for a town with a like a little more.
  It was a very small town.
  Like you're looking for a bigger town.
  I like I think I had more like had like little theaters and, you know,  indie movie theaters and bookstores.
  Yeah, a little more culture.
  You don't want to be trapped into little.
  Pennsylvania has a lot of cute little small towns with colleges in them.
  But like every now and then I would ask, like tour them.
  And ask, like, what do you guys do on the weekends?  Or like we go to Wal-Mart and I'm like, that sounds sad.
  Why did you say that? That sounds sad.
  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  That's that's a boring college existence, probably.
  And you were you had you were inspired because of Mr.
  Eiger, who had gone there before you.
  Oh, of course.
 I love the head of ABC, who I learned while at ABC,  canceled both Twin Peaks and 30 something.
  But put Cop Rock on the air.
  30 somethings true coming back and Twin Peaks, of course, already back.
  Already back.
 Is there something definitely coming back?  There's somebody is coming back.
 There's a revival of 30 something.
  Can I put this into the universe right now?  There is not a single piece of announced media  that is more exciting to my mother that I be a part of than the 30 something reboot.
  You and I have to get on that 30 something.
  Why would you be on it?  Because I'm 30 something.
  Yeah.
 And my mom loves the original 30 something so much.
  Busfield.
 That's a Timothy Busfield show.
  He was on the original.
  I don't know.
 Did he direct?  We got to get on the party.
 Five is back on free form.
  I'm just saying if you're involved in the 30 something just to make my mother happy,  please, this is like the Chris Getherd article about him hosting Kelly Ripa's  show.
 Look that up if you've seen it.
  I want to be on TV for my mother, not for me.
  It's not for you.
 It's not for me.
  It'd be a fun thing.
  My mom likes the show.
  So do that for me.
  So she was when you're a child and she's like, someday he'll be 30 something.
  And then my dream.
  Yeah.
 If they do a new one.
  I don't think she was thinking that long term, but I think she was she was like,  oh, that show I loved is coming back.
  Oh, my son is a podcaster and he's 30 something.
  He could be on that show.
  So if they have a character who's like  dealing with the relatable 30 something problem of which toys are you going to eBay?  Right.
  And also being one of those characters could be a podcaster.
  I mean, they all shows are contractually obligated to have a podcaster character now.
  So I assume the two creators of 30 something will listen to this.
  Sure.
 Where is that going?  I don't know.
  ABC or Hulu?  I couldn't tell you.
  Did you get maybe it's on free?  Have you guys ever looked at free freeform is like everything conservatives  think the culture wars are is on freeform.
  It's like party of five.
  But the parents are illegal immigrants and get deported.
  And the five the kids all have to take care of each other like it.
  Or it's young people.
  It shows about like young people and they are all very horny.
  Like that is where Disney simultaneously very clean.
  But then it has like horny stuff on freeform and also The Bachelor,  the horniest show on television, the weirdest horny because it's horny.
  But there's a lot of hoops.
 You got to jump through.
  It is very extremely popular prime time show that is about like hookups and fucking.
  It is weirdly.
 Yes.
  Hookups and then inevitably one or two characters who are like, I'm Christian.
  I don't do that.
  Like it's very.
  It's a very bizarre, very, very bizarre because like, you know,  the a quick gay kiss has to be a microsecond long  and then edited out most countries.
  And then there's just a prime time show where like the whole premise is like  a guy has sex with like like 12 women.
  But who will be fucked tonight?  And then the other half of the year, a woman has sex with 20 men.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And it's like, I'm not even I'm not even saying  I don't have to be against any of it.
  Just feels like maybe this isn't the same.
  Maybe now we're holding everything to the same standard here.
  Yeah.
 Of whatever their decency, whatever they think is decency.
  This brings up another story.
  So like I have another handful of stories that we're not even going to get to.
  And I'm just going to kind of divvy them out or I'll just get to whatever  we don't get to at the end.
 Sure.
  Quick bites.
 Quick bites.
  These are quick.
 This is a quick story.
  A quick unnerving bite.
  But when you say like editing stuff out for some countries,  this like in the last couple of weeks, Disney got flack  because so in India, there's a very popular streaming service called Hotstar,  which Disney has operational control of.
  And they did not air a John Oliver episode  because it was critical of Modi,  the prime minister, I believe, of India president.
  He's a piece of shit.
  He's a fucking he's linked to at this point, maybe multiple genocides.
  Not a good guy  is implementing a very odd religious citizenship law.
  Nasty stuff going on.
  But sort of the same thing that happened with that Hassan Minhaj show  happened at Indy, it happened with the streaming service in India,  where they're just like Disney is wait owns or as a big part in this  Hotstar streaming service that was showing it.
 Oh, God.
  So that is another thing that  he is inheriting.
  That's that's creepy.
  But are they are they still showing the hula hoop wars show?  They are.
 That is a very pro Modi show.
 OK.
  Got it.
 Yeah, this is an aerial shot where lots of hula  hoopers spell out the word Modi.
 OK.
  Well, that's yeah, there's a whole Hindu nationalist episode.
  Oh, I like that.
 That's good.
  Modi also were recording this in the wake of the Lizzie McGuire.
  Oh, yeah.
 They've been trying to break it.
  They were bringing it back and then just suddenly it went away.
  The creator was fired and nobody really knew why.
  And now Hillary Duff implying that it was kind of due to Disney  moralism and that they were not OK with portraying a 30 year old woman.
  I mean, probably having sex and I think it was that they were realizing  it should have been on the Hulu side of the line,  which if we're all paying attention to this math, Disney plus is where  family friendly things go.
 Hulu is the touchstone.
  Hulu is where more adult things go.
  And they were that's I don't remember her quote, but it sort of implied  that they wanted Lizzie McGuire to still be like a child despite being right.
  Grown up.
 And it would be so bizarre to do anything.
  Yeah, I think that I think that they there Disney might be a bit confused.
  They need it.
 They need it's a big property  that would give a boost to Disney Plus.
 Yeah.
  But if it's Lizzie McGuire at 30, it doesn't make sense.
  If you want it to be a 30 year old woman lives in the city.
  She's you know, what do you want to do?  What do you have sex in her cartoon?  Her cartoon tune?  The conscience is having sex as well with other cartoon conscious.
  Is that the compromise?  Is the cartoon get to be horny and naked?  Is she I think that makes it more  it does not call like it's a lot more adult with that.
  You're not calling for nudity on the show, right?  Well, we don't know.
 We haven't heard Hillary Dove's full thoughts on.
  OK, who knows?  Well, because maybe, yeah, maybe that doesn't.
  If it was like a full like naked show, maybe that doesn't.
  Does she want girls?  Does she want to? Yeah.
  Lizzie McGuire's girls.
  Yeah, maybe that is more of a hulu show than I don't know.
  Lizzie McGuire accidentally takes Molly in this episode, you know,  goes on an adventure, stays out all night, loves the New York City.
  You know, all right.
  And if New York City is going to be a character,  you know, it's always a character in movies.
  I do know that.
  I do know that New York City is always a character.
  So here's what I have as far as far as Chaypike.
  I love unsourced crazy rumors.
  We love to see it.
 Yeah.
  And I've seen some we've seen there was some rumor like, oh,  Iger's going to get into politics.
  I don't think that's happening.
 He's still around.
  Also would be the worst timing in the world.
  We're recording this like days before Super Tuesday.
  He's not going to be on the ballot.
  Hard to start.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 Before an editor.
  If you want if you want to talk top Bloomberg, you come in so late.
  It's post.
 Right.
  You're not even in any of the voting.
  Well, an editor at Pace magazine spoke that curse into existence of like,  oh, no, is this going to be a Bloomberg Iger ticket, which is like  that's that's not even a mad that's just sucking the air out of the room.
  Whatever the inverse of charisma is like.
 All right.
  Let's know.
 Does anyone like who is that for?  Yeah, I don't think that's happening.
  But you never know.
  We never know what's going to happen if there's a contested convention.
  But anyway, I don't think the politics is happening.
  There were some other things, paranoid things.
  But this is my favorite that I've read online.
  Again, this is from a doesn't matter.
  It really doesn't matter because there's no way to prove that this is true.
  OK, it's from a message board.
  It's a Twitter user at Figment,  underscore Jedi and says, take a grain of salt.
  But this is the this is the rumor they saw on the message board.
  They're they didn't write this.
 OK.
  The rumor from what I've heard is that Cameron and Landau,  James Cameron and John Landau are demanding an extra one billion dollars  for the Avatar sequels.
  Bob went to the board on this and they basically said, you've gone soft.
  Chaypeck is taking over.
  Cameron and Landauer apparently using some consulting firm outside of Disney  that is totally off the record, making the mouse even more angry.
  Could be something to do with Murdoch Fox.
  Making the mouth fucking hate that.
  Mm hmm.
 I know that's always met message board.
  That's the most that word.
  Yeah.
 So Iger and Cameron were friends.
  Cameron and Chaypeck are not.
  The board did not like that.
  That's the last bit of this.
 Whoa.
  Avatar, the endless wait for Avatar sequels may have brought down.
  Iger writes that they were working for a company that was fixing avatar prices.
  So there's a little before that, there's a little here.
  Somebody wrote a different like an addendum.
  They work in finance, close friends with a lot of the E.
A.
s,  which is what executive assistance, I assume, for the board.
  Apparently, been a lot of meetings lately between Bob Iger and James Cameron  about Avatar sequel funding, something to do with how much the marketing  budget is promised to be in control of the IP.
  Cameron met with Bob on the 21st of February.
  Bob met with the board on the 24th.
  Chaypeck given Bob's job literally the day after.
  Just give them the money.
 You have the money.
  It's the second biggest movie of all time.
  I will say only by the first biggest movie of all time, which you also made.
  Yeah, I do.
 It is interesting.
  I mean, it's a good it's a good rumor because of the fact that  we've been promised these avatar, much like Bob Iger leaving the company.
  It's been the goalpost has been moved so many times for the sequels.
  How much money the sequels cost?  They were supposed to come out, what, seven years, six years ago.
  But now isn't it supposed to come out right before?  Is it now we're talking about the month that Iger leaves? Right.
  Twenty twenty one like Christmas twenty twenty one.
  He can absolve himself of any.
 Right.
  And I think I'm assuming because they've put they're shooting what?  Two back to back.
 Yeah.
 The next two back to back.
  I assume they're eight and nine by this point.
  Uh huh.
 I'm sure there's some anxiety in the Disney company about like,  is this going to work?  Mm hmm.
 I would imagine now never bet against Cameron.
  Of course, never bet against Cameron.
  But he is this is like now  and it's saying this feels like now we're like six times.
  It's a six times bigger bet than it's been.
 Yes.
  And again, I didn't think of it.
  I before Avatar came out, I was like, maybe this is the one that finally  he doesn't care.
 And then look what happens.
  But boy, it's been a long time.
  So a billion dollars spread over five movies isn't.
  Well, but I think it's more.
  But I think it's more and it's not five.
  I think this is probably I would imagine they because they're only shooting two.
  So again, if this is this is why it's a good rumor, because you can imagine  that there would be economic anxiety about these giant movies  that I'm sure they've invested a billion dollars in already.
  Yeah, I'm sure it's a billion dollar.
  Like and obviously, like they bought they took on like debt as well,  because now they fully bought Avatar once the Fox sale happened.
  And then they already had their the Avatar land was delayed for years as well.
  So cost probably a billion and cost a ton of money.
  So it's a good rumor in the sense that you can believe something like it is possible.
  But I like the idea that Iger was  canned because the board said he went soft.
  I don't think the board is that cutthroat  because Iger has been such a loyal like soldier for so long.
  I feel like that that is such a turn on on him.
  And right after his book where he's going around talking about everything  he's done at Disney and praising Disney.
  I mean, I look, I don't know.
  I'm not sure.
 I think it's a fun rumor.
  That is very funny.
  It's very exciting corporate intrigue.
  I think that Iger has as much whatever criticism you have of him  has like dumped a ton of money at a ton of things.
  Yeah, it doesn't seem like he gets hit with the like cheap  like label as much as like a chipac does.
  I don't know if that's just like PR spin, but like the California Adventure redo,  like he put a ton of money into that.
  The budget's for initially for like, I mean, Galaxy's edge have blown way up.
  But like, obviously, that was a huge budget thing that was probably  I guess chipac announced it.
  But that was right at the start of his like tenure.
  This guy loves slinging billions.
  Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
  I feel like it does feel like Bob Iger loves slinging billions.
  He's got to walk in next to Ackerman and Giamatti, right?  So I I like it.
  Yeah, but also it's a bizarre like we will now punish you by making you not CEO,  but rather this slightly diminished role  that you will get to stay in through the end of next year.
 Right.
  Well, it's a it is a it's a half measure.
  It's a hedging to if that again, if it's indeed a real head by the mouse.
  Mm hmm.
 The mouse.
  Everybody uses that on this Disney message boards.
  The utility bill is due at the House of Mouse and someone's a little short.
  The mouse is like the month and rent is calling.
  The mouse is like Wacko Jacko, like the same tabloid.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The mouse is new.
  Skyn.
 You know that phrase about sitcoms?  Yes.
 You know, it's sitcom.
  God, I'm so tired by the end of that word.
  It takes forever to say that word.
  Isn't there a quicker way to say it?  Skyn.
 Great.
 Done.
  Clear.
 Everyone gets it as soon as they hear it.
  Who was the who?  I mean, is botho who was the star of Empty Nest Mulligan?  Yes.
 Tom.
 What's his friends?  Mulligan's news guy is Bob doing botho biz on the mouse.
  The house sets Thomas Mulligan to top line.
  Their newest skyn on Disney Plus.
  That's all.
 Yeah.
  It's all very annoying.
 Wow.
 Very, very crazy.
  Let's go.
  Oh, I was going to say the other thing that I thought was interesting  I came across in that Ferge article was that a lot of the the thinking  kind of changed within the company, kind of Iger seeming to drive this of like,  look, you all we all work for the company.
  Everyone's a company man.
  If something has to happen  where like consumer products takes a hit,  but then the movies do well, take the hit.
  OK, because the company is still winning.
  Like, you know, if rising rising tide lifts all ships.
  So even if something like is negative for like home entertainment,  but it like a move they have to make  to make the like streaming stuff do really well.
  The company is still winning because it's doing really well.
  Does that make sense?  But well, now I'm distracted by the metaphor, though, because of course, a sink  I say a ship has sunk this week as soon as the man.
  Well, great.
 As soon as the news was announced,  I'm a sign the opposite of a rising tide.
  Yes, a sinking ship.
  I yeah, in a in a bizarre like, you know, like,  you know, like a bird falling to his death upon a piece of news being released,  like frogs falling from the sky.
  A jungle cruise boat sank immediately after JPEG was announced.
  It is just a strange, obviously unrelated,  but but pretty funny that like this this really strange day  where not just that, but then a SWAT team showed up.
  Yes.
 At the yacht and beach club, which seemed like that was fine.
  That was not didn't end up being a bigger situation.
  It was a misjudged situation.
  Yeah.
 Someone thought they saw someone with a gun under a coat.
  And so police cars and SWAT and helicopters arrived.
  So, yes, this is the the literal environment that JPEG is in here.
  I mean, he's already ahead of parks, but like and here's the guy.
 Great.
  And how are parks doing?  Well, lots of them are closed for two months because of coronavirus.
  The SWAT team is at the yacht and beach club and a jungle cruise boat sink.
  Yeah, I mean, I look now I'm just spinning my own rumors.
  This is all orchestrated by Eiger to get rid of yet another person  that is in line for the throne.
  He just like Eiger with some bills to know Eiger was with a scuba mask  in the Magic Kingdom under the boat, like just drilling,  like with one of those like old timey.
  What do you call those drills?  You know, I know what you're talking about.
  Yeah, like Wile E.
  Coyote or something.
  Looney Tunes character has and he drilled a hole in the bottom of the boat.
  He snuck in in one of those like camouflage suits.
 Yes.
  To look like a jungle cruise plant  and then stripped it off, had scuba gear underneath, jumped into the water,  made a boat sink and by making a boat sink,  he reminded everybody of Titanic.
  Now everybody's tweeting about comparing this to Titanic, thus  reminding everyone of the prowess of James Cameron.
  Oh, yeah.
  He should just be given all of the money in the world.
  He'll finish his films.
 Wow.
  Yeah, that it makes too much sense.
  Clear.
 Eiger's Eiger's  he's Mission Impossible pulling this.
  Wow.
 He's Ethan hunting it.
  He maybe maybe, you know, even he got he got a loan  of the the Cameron submarine too.
  Oh, probably.
  Yeah, I think it's deep that deep on.
  But maybe there's a skinnier, shorter submarine  that could go under the water of the jungle cruise.
  Mm hmm.
 Mm hmm.
 I buy it.
  Well, now we know.
 All right.
  Now we know.
 Let's solve that.
  Very crafty.
 Some people mover cars collided.
  Oh, that is not the first time I've heard of that happening recently,  like a listener that happened to a couple of months ago.
  Again, everyone fine.
  I think they just bumped,  but not actively not supposed to function that way.
 No.
  Yeah.
 Huh.
  Very strange.
 I the  I was trying to find other info about this sinking scenario.
  The boat was the Boma Kandi Bertha.
  It is one of the two wheelchair equipped boats.
  So if this doesn't come back, they're going to need a new  handicap boat.
  But there is this happened before in 2004, a boat sank  and it is back in operation and has been ever since.
  I forget if it was with guests on board,  but that was called the Sankuru Sadie.
  So if you get on the Sankuru Sadie at Disney World,  know that that's one of the ones that sank.
  And so there is hope for the OK.
  So this is a this is not without precedent.
  Is 2004 the press or era?  I think he was done by then.
  OK, I forget when he left with Eiger up and running.
  Yeah, I believe took over in 2005 in transition.
  2005, huh?  Did Eiger drill a hole in the boat in the bottom of that boat, too?  Was or was that before?  And that like created the need like, well, we got to do something.
  We got to get Eisner out of here.
  We got boats sinking.
  Yeah, let me see here.
  Oh, October 2005 was when Eiger assumed the role of CEO.
  This is his little cat burglar.
  That's right.
 Like iconic move, his little calling card.
  Wow.
 Well, stop sinking boats.
  It's also clear.
 We're on to you.
  Yep, we know.
  Disney announces they're bringing Impossible Burgers to the park.
  I miss that happened this week.
  It was already at the the festival that just wrapped up in Epcot.
  And there's Impossible Foods.
  I think that they were at the one we were at, too.
  We were at Food and Wine.
  I think the arts one it was at.
  It's at the California Adventure of Food and Wine that just started  this past week.
 They're permanently in.
  But they're going to start adding it to like taste pilot script,  like places where you can get a burger.
  You know, I went this week to the mall that had not the Schomburg Mall,  but the other mall that had Mickey's Kitchen,  which is in Montclair.
  I was at the shops at Montclair and thinking about how, wow,  in this space is where Mickey was selling veggie burgers and how disgusting  that sounded to me when I was a kid.
  And now look, a permanent collaboration between Disney and Impossible.
  It sounds great.
 Sounds delicious.
  Yeah.
 As long as you're not ruining those things with hunts.
  Disgusting.
 Garbage hunts.
  Awful.
 Or like slightly mass produced ketchups.
  Unless you got your hands in that ketchup.
  It's either all the way mass produced or it's artisan.
  OK, look, it's either Heinz where you suffer through hunts.
  So if if if it's like our homemade house ketchup, it's like, all right,  let's see what you got.
  It's a little judgy.
  You're judging of another level.
  But if it's how is it homemade other homemade flavor ketchup,  you're like, huh, all ears.
  I let's see again.
  Let's see what this is.
  I had one in Vegas where I was like, oh, this doesn't taste good.
  OK.
 What was it regular?  No, it was like a Chipotle ketchup.
  Hmm.
 You're just not into Chipotle.
  I think you're a traditionalist when it comes to ketchup.
  But again, as a member of the hashtag sauce squad,  but there's not a lot of ketchup on that.
  No, I know.
 But I'm saying there's a variety of sauces, so it's surprising.
  Right.
 That's all I'm saying.
  Huh.
 I'm going to test this out when we're out in the wild.
 OK.
  We're going to have different.
  I'm going to find a place that has the most different kind of ketchup.
  So we'll go.
 OK.
 A blind taste test.
  Oh, maybe that's a good idea.
 Oh, sure.
  Did you like remember when umami burger used to be good?  They would have like they're kind of like very tomato ketchup.
  Do you remember that?  Yeah, I like that one.
  OK, was was a lot of umami.
  It was salty or whatever they put in there.
  I don't know.
 It was good, though.
 It was pretty good.
 Yeah.
  Maybe it's still good.
 I don't know.
  Have you seen this other new food?  I was looking up different this big news.
  They have a new cocoa.
  Remember me guava hand pie at the Jolly Holiday Bakery.
  Confusing phrase.
 Yeah.
  Remember me guava hand pie.
 Hand pie.
 Yeah.
  They really going all in on hand pies.
  What's a hand pie?  Well, like we imagine like a hostess fruit pie.
  Oh, like some McDonald's would be a hand.
  Yeah, like McDonald's.
 Yeah.
  But why didn't they didn't call those hand pies?  Where's this phrase from? I don't know.
  I think it was invented.
  I think I think it's like their marketing thing.
  No, the walking taco.
  That's a thing that a lot of places been doing now.
  What? I don't know that one either.
  They're all kind of walking.
  It's like a Frito pie.
  OK, essentially Frito pie.
  Are you are you a hand pie? Are you pro hand pie?  I think it had to be case by case.
  I'd probably try it.
 OK.
  But not a not a you don't have like  did you have fruit pies as a child? Oh, yeah.
  OK, I didn't I was not a fruit pie kid.
  Even then, I knew like these are bad for me.
  Like you you would read the calories and the fat content.
  Sure.
 Oh, this is very bad.
  I'm back around the Ghostbusters snacks.
  Do you guys recall a Ghostbusters pie?  There was like green ooze inside.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  It was like kind of horrible.
  Yeah, I liked the idea of it so much  I may have even asked my mom to get it again just due to the concept.
  But I specifically remember opening that up in a lunchbox and going like, Jesus,  like even present created.
 Yeah.
  Too fakie to me.
  I do think I had it once and I think it grossed me out.
  It was too.
 It looked like like Nickelodeon slime.
  Yes.
 Which is like was not appetizing to eat.
  I liked slime fine, but I always like was kind of  grossed out by the idea of slime even getting on me.
  Was it not Ghostbusters?  Was it a Ninja Turtles?  A ooze pie?  If you had said there were both of them, I would say yes.
  But I do remember the turtles, too.
  So perhaps it is just a real war for the lunchboxes.
  I'm looking at Hostess Turtles pies.
  I'm looking at one that is filled with vanilla pudding power.
  Pudding with an apostrophe.
  I would assume it's just vanilla pudding dyed green.
  Yeah, I just remember biting into something and a bunch of green  pouring out and not being super psyched.
  I am sure.
 Oh, yeah.
 OK, I see this.
  Oh, that doesn't look I don't know.
  I had some version of this that I remember being gross.
  Also looking at an ad where  Raphael has a quote bubble, hey, free pie dudes.
  What a dream if he walked into this room, right?  And if he walked up to your screen door.
 Oh, my gosh.
  It's a full Raphael who says, hey, free pie dudes.
  Oh, man.
 That is my dream.
  I guess it's my dream and Jason's dream combined.
 Yeah, sure.
  It's both vanilla pudding power anyway.
  So talking about I mean, we've mentioned it a little, but, you know,  talking about what affects one area of the company affects all the company.
  Yeah, the coronavirus.
  Yes, really going to affect Disney.
  So Shanghai and Hong Kong Disney have been closed since late January.
  They will probably end up closed for a full two months, at least.
  Yeah.
 Tokyo is closing until mid-March.
  As of weeks right now.
  Yeah, for a couple weeks.
 Universal Japan also closing.
  Legoland Japan is closing.
 Yeah.
  And now comes the laugh riot about this news.
  It is it's it's really it's I mean, like I was trying to recall,  like, are there other long term closures apart?  And I guess Tokyo must have been closed for a long time post earthquake.
  But I don't think this is totally unprecedented  that multiple parks are closed for a long stretch of time.
  Well, and other attract the loop I read this morning is closed.
 Oh, yeah.
  So people just taking precautions.
  Disneyland Paris is like waiting and seeing like they're staying open for now.
  But they might.
  I was in I was in line at Big Thunder Mountain Railroad Wednesday.
  And I saw I looked at my phone and it said Orange County declares  emergency and some places that tweeted that, at least on theme park Twitter,  that was often tweeted with like a picture of the Main Street station  as if to say Disneyland is infected.
 Get out now.
  Yes.
 Well, I know proof of this.
 This has not happened.
 Right.
  I will say I'm already very sensitive to like if someone coughs around me, I go,  oh, come on, don't get me sick, please.
  And it felt like one out of every two people was coughing just crazy.
  I mean, the person in front of me in line when I saw it was coughing like crazy.
  I was like, oh, my God, I have it.
  I have it for sure.
  The news story gave it to you.
  The news story gave you ready.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, it's crazy.
  I don't know what they're going to do.
  A lot of money is going to be lost.
  And yeah, I mean, when places now if you are going to Disneyland,  just know that when places declare states emergency,  one of the reasons is to open up access to funds just in case.
  So that may be a preventative measure.
  But yes, there are scientists saying wash your hands a lot.
  Use hand sanitizer, carry hands like pocket hand sanitizer if you can.
  And even if you are like, you know, healthy, because like people get this.
  If they're very healthy, average adults,  probably it's more like a bad cold or a flu to them.
  But if people have health conditions already, they're higher at risk.
  People don't like.
  Yeah, I think because it was like 80 percent of people who have it  will just like think they have like a cold or something like you won't know it  necessarily.
 But do be cognizant for immunocompromised people in the world.
  Be healthy.
 Don't cough on people.
  Wash your hands a lot.
  I think if you have an old hostess, Ninja Turtles pie,  the chemicals in that are probably such that they would sanitize your hands.
  So chop open a pie.
  You're saying maybe get that ooze on you.
  Might be more sanitizing than what they call hand sanitizer.
  Yeah, at this point, if it's been aged 25 years.
  Yes.
 Past a point, it became so toxic.
  It might also now also if you opened it around a turtle.
  Turtles might grow into a living turtle.
  It's going to turn you into something, too.
  Yeah, you know, bebop or rocksteady.
  Cool.
 Which is pretty awesome.
  It's going to give me punk qualities that I didn't previously have.
  I'm going to grow a mohawk and a nose ring.
  At the very least, you become like Super Shredder, Super Scott.
  Hell, you just be bigger.
  Oh, yeah, that's good.
  Super Scott.
 Yeah.
  Oh, man.
  I got to get my hands on some of these pies.
  He loves the Beach Boys twice as much.
  Wow.
 Is it even possible?  Super Jay, he done Super Jason, of course, naps for longer in Vegas.
  Eight hour REM cycle.
  The dream didn't do anything in.
  Oh, my God, he's yawning so much.
  Super Jason.
  Well, so, yes, there have been cases of coronavirus in Orange County.
  Hopefully that doesn't spread.
  But it's not all bad news in Orange County, California,  because there was some very good news this week, this weekend.
  An amazing event.
  Oh, oh, oh.
  OK, so if listeners are not aware of the some of the things  that have transpired on the second gate or on the on the Twitter,  you might be very versed in all of this stuff.
  But you you may not have heard the episode about Fry's Electronics,  the surprisingly well themed electronic store chain,  and which, you know, I think we've all been fascinated by over the years.
  Very good one in Burbank, very good one in Woodland Hills.
  And I discovered one in in Anaheim  where I went with my wife, Farron,  and we found this video that played in a space console  and then over many different monitors all over the store,  where an astronaut tells you to press a red button  that makes a space launch happen on top of the store.
  The video cuts to the outside of the Anaheim fries.
  A guy says Anaheim fries is go and and you've succeeded in your mission.
  I loved this video very much.
  I told you guys about it.
 You had not been to the store.
  And seeing this seemed like, well, this reminds me so much of Patrick Warburton  and Soren, and this seems like, you know, for this guy who made this  and who appears in this, you know, this is my dream.
  Being in a video that plays in a loop in a really specific location  all day, every day.
  Thus, I set about recreating the video.
  I did it exactly with the same framing, the same graphics.
  I did all the work for them.
  And then when we put out this episode about a month ago at this point,  I said, you know, maybe this is the start of a little campaign  to try to get myself to be in that video, in that spot in Fries Electronics.
  It's been a big roller coaster since then, but it's all happened very fast.
  I feel like sometimes it's a blip blip.
  We hatch schemes on the show, a little thing like, you know, we should do.
  We should try to do this.
  Right.
 And this felt like one where it came together shockingly quickly.
  It was a launch.
 Yeah.
  It was not a roller coaster.
  It was, but it was a launch coaster.
  It happened really quick.
  It ramped up from zero to 85 very fast.
  Yes.
 And as I'm, you know, I'll quote a listener,  you know, to spoiler, I'll quote a listener who was at the event  that we had in Fries in saying, you know, he said it, not me.
  This guy said, hey, Scott, you now are a launch king.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It felt really good because here's the the end.
  And listeners very well might know this at this point.
  But all of a sudden it worked out.
  I as we are recording this, I am in the video.
  They used my video.
  I am the new astronaut in Fries Electronics Anaheim.
 Yes.
  Playing on multiple screens.
  So many scripts for giant screens, a couple of little ones inside the spaceship.
  This was nuts.
  And we had a little event  to celebrate this, but I guess this is probably the place  to sort of talk about how it came together  because we posted the video.
  Mike, you correct you.
  You know, we've been kind of banking episodes in advance for a little bit.
  And you were like, maybe we should put this one out soon.
  Because what if given the state of some of the stores in this chain?  What if there is a problem in the store goes away?  Right.
 We had a ticking clock.
  There was a ticking clock in my mind, because if there was something  and an objective we had to meet of something we wanted done,  let's just be on the safe side in case.
  Who knows fries, whatever something would go away.
  One of the stores would leave, especially obviously the Anaheim.
  There's a few starting to close.
  I think one in NorCal recently closed and we were  we were a little bit worried.
  And you I totally agree with you when you said that.
  I'm really glad you said it.
  And so that that made it made us think, let's get that episode up quickly.
  We put up the video on Twitter very quickly.
  And I didn't want to be the person tweeting it at fries.
  I didn't even add them in the tweet.
  I didn't want to be, you know, bugging these people.
  I wanted to approach them with a lot of civility.
  I even said in the episode, let's not be mean about this.
  Don't say, get a fucking fries.
  Get Gardner in there.
  ASAP, we're all towards the store.
  Why? No, they'd only be doing us a favor.
  I wanted it to be very nice.
  And people totally took the message.
  Everybody, a lot of the guys doing this was that I did a 4K up res of the of the video.
  And so a lot of people really played the game and commented like,  oh, man, the 4K up res looks amazing.
  You have to install this ASAP.
  And the listeners, thank you all so much, by the way, the listeners.
  Tweeted this at fries electronics.
  And it seemed like a lot of people were tweeting at fries electronics.
  And but yet to no avail for several days.
  Right.
 Until someone, maybe multiple people.
  Forgive me.
 I don't know who someone tweeted at fries.
  Help.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  An alternate account.
  This was very smart because after that account was tweeted at,  we got a response from a man on the inside, a man named Billy.
  We know his name is Billy because he said the name in the tweet.
  He gave us a specific.
  This was very, very excellent customer service.
  He gave us a name.
 It is not just, you know, a shadow brand.
  We know who the individual was.
 Right.
  Now we know who we're aiming at.
 It is Billy.
  Quickly, we begin DMing in a very surreal move that podcasts.
  I am looking at a Twitter DM exchange between podcast, the ride and official  fries electronics.
 This is so delightful.
  Because you feel like you're interacting with Charlie Chip.
  Yes.
 What I see on the other end is Charlie Chip, who is a big computer chip.
  Right.
 The mascot in the stores who wears different costumes.
  And he's typing away at a keyboard like what's that old the ending of the TV  shows where a guy's typing away on the typewriter.
  Yes.
 He like he himself is sending the messages.
  So this is this is delightful.
  And I will say, as soon as it turned into DMS, it was always coming from the  perspective of let's work this out.
  Let's see if we can make this happen.
  It never felt combative.
  It never was like, yeah, we'll see.
 It never felt humoring.
  I right away from Billy felt like, oh, he likes it.
  This is going to be fun.
  I think this is a real possibility.
  So we're going back and forth.
  But I won't hear for a couple of days.
  And then suddenly he's like, so if we can work this out, would you guys want to  have like an event in the store?  Of course we would like to have an event in the store.
  Yeah.
 Incredible.
  That would be so.
  So now my hopes are climbing sky high.
  I I'm so excited.
  I'm dreaming of what that event could be.
  I'm thinking about a speech that I would give.
  I don't like getting ahead of myself.
  Lest dreams be crushed.
  But I certainly was getting ahead of myself and imagining this great day.
  Then another tweet in the same week that we hear about shape back and all of this  nonsense on the day before shape back, I believe this is on a Monday news story.
  Fry's Anaheim is closing.
  My heart sinks.
  This is awful.
  This is the death of the dream.
  Right.
  Mission not accomplished.
  There will be no event.
  And I'm just sad for them because I'm so fond of this store.
  I named it my number one fries, which is saying a lot.
  They're all a lot of fun.
  It's like at this point, it's like that late mid scene.
  You're like, I dreamed a dream.
  Exactly.
  Oh, I feel like I was.
  But the character's name, I can't think of her name.
  Well, like I've been saying, I was wearing a burlap sack.
  I was sad in the cold.
  I yes, very tragic for me.
  I felt all the way down.
  Fontein.
  Fun.
 I felt exactly like Fontein.
  You sing that song and then you die, I believe.
  Yeah.
  Memory serves.
  Sing that song and then it falls over.
  Oh, I don't think I knew that, actually.
  I believe that's how the timing the show works out.
  I yeah, I thought it'd be a life worth living.
  How does that sound?  That's a lyric, right?  Yeah, that's about right.
  So then I I'm like, let me round up the horse.
  I'll, you know, correspond Billy about this and just say, too bad.
  Well, thanks for trying, brother.
  I sent him a message.
  I send my condolences.
  I'm not even sure I mentioned the video.
  I'm like, well, or maybe just like I could have been fun.
  And then he writes back and is like, yeah, I know.
  Bad news.
  Well, it just really puts the clock on this thing to get your video in the store.
  Billy.
 Yes.
  Oh, my God.
  He's not giving up with all the things happening.
  The store is going to be closed in six days.
  He is still determined to make this happen.
  All right.
 So now I'm caught in this week where, oh, my God, is it going to have I  hung out with my friend, Raja.
  He asked how things are going.
  I'm like, it's pretty crazy right now because I am caught in the whirlwind of fries.
  Electronics might use my video or they might not.
  The storm might close.
 I don't know what is going to happen.
  I felt crazy.
  And but nonetheless, I'm prepping the video.
  I'm doing the parts that I had not completed before, such as that I needed to make my own  new special effects shot of the rocket taking off from on top of the store.
  I had comping work to do.
  How many hours total?  I should have.
  I mean, what's that?  20 hours on all of this.
  Yeah, definitely.
  Yeah.
  Oh, to set up the green.
  I assume the costume.
  Right.
  And it's all costing me money.
  I had to rent the costume costs money.
  It's money and it's time.
  And not to mention, bizarrely, another ticking clock.
  The store's last day is going to be on Sunday.
  I subscribe to a video stock footage site.
  My yearly subscription is done on Sunday.
  Wow.
  Same day.
  So I've got limited time to get all of my space footage.
  There's so much going on here.
  It's a race to the finish line.
  But we start going back and forth.
  And then all of a sudden, on a Friday afternoon, I get a photo from Billy of my video, a frame from my video in the exact same screen where I saw it a year ago.
  Did you guys realize?  Did I tell you this?  To the day?  Not to the day, to the week.
  Wow.
  I tell you, it was exactly if not for the leap year to hit up being on a leap year day.
  No, almost exactly the same from when we saw it for the first time.
  I've never been so nervous sending a tweet.
  We all agreed, OK, so some kind of event.
  And also, Jason, as you said, you're in Vegas this entire time.
  You're like, what's going on now?  Every now and then I look at my phone and I'm just like, what is happening back in the city?  I was thinking, oh, this happens really fast.
  I might miss this.
  That's just fine.
  That too.
  That's another ticking clock.
  I want this to just happen.
  Jason might not be there.
  I won't have my full crew with me.
  And what would it mean?  But it worked out like a precise rocket launch.
  Everything came into place.
  Yeah.
  Except something was on fire when I was by Griffith Park when I was driving down.
  So I had very bad traffic.
  So I showed up about 10 minutes after I walked in, everyone facing a different direction.
  Cheers.
  And I'm like, what is happening?  Oh, well, wait, wait, wait.
  Don't skip ahead.
  Hang on.
  That's just a tease.
  That's just a tease.
  Because that is just suddenly not just a cherry on top.
  That is a gigantic mound of whipped cream and an avalanche of cherries on top.
  So Friday afternoon, oh my god, I think it's happening.
  We all agreed.
  OK, let's try to do something.
  It can't be too official.
  But let's just tweet out, hey, we're going to be there.
  We're going to go check it out.
  Come down if you can.
  So I rent the astronaut costume again.
  I'm again in the tank for more money.
  This keeps being at a financial disadvantage to me.
  Would it have been better just to buy in hindsight?  Yeah, I guess looking back, yeah.
  And look, I'm going to use that for something else.
  I mean, to have an astronaut costume on hand, that's going to pay itself off.
  So again, this timeline, we announced the store is closing forever.
  That's on a Monday.
  We'll be closed on Sunday.
  We discovered that for the last weekend that the store is ever open,  they will be playing my video in a loop.
  So we're going to be there Saturday at 1.
  We get there right inside.
  I caught you in the parking lot, Mike.
  We walk in.
  We didn't know what we were going to be walking into.
  In fact, then we walked in.
  There's nothing on the screen.
  And I'm like, did something happen?  Is it not showing?  But then I hear a clap and then another clap.
  And I walk up and in front of that space console,  an audience of dozens of our listeners who have all gathered  to watch this historic launch.
  And yes, as I said, I'm wearing the space suit again.
  Look, it's right stuff.
  It's Apollo 13.
  This is a hero moment for me.
  And then something I could not have anticipated, which is that I go up.
  I get up on the little stage.
  It's kind of a little stage almost on the space console.
  I walk up there and I am joined by a child, an eight-year-old boy  also wearing an orange space jumpsuit.
  And I'm just, did the store coordinate this?  What's happening?  Come to realize this is a listener, brought his family from Flagstaff,  Arizona for this event, drove their son wearing a space suit.
  And he joins me.
  It was like everybody's marching victoriously at the end of Life Aquatic.
  And then a little kid runs up to.
  It's like, now there's a kid part of this crew.
  What's going on?  I ask him his name.
  He says, Soren.
  This whole thing, my goal to be like the Patrick Warburton Soren video.
  And I meet a little child named Soren.
  It's magic.
  The strangest thing.
  I ask if he wants to be a fake astronaut someday too.
  He says, yes.
  So Soren is the next generation.
  If I can do it, he can do it.
  I made a little speech.
  Right after the speech, Jason walks in.
  I love it.
  That's the only timing that didn't work out.
  That's fine.
  We got to applaud for Billy, who I declared.
  This is an audience's suggestion.
  I made Billy an official podcast, The Ride Legend.
  Billy, you were a PTR legend and well deserved.
  Thank you.
  Nobody's helped the show more recently than you, Billy.
  And then Jason, as you say, I love this.
  This was what you saw when you walked in.
  You found not only the audience.
  I'll get into it in Vegas.
  But my brain, I feel like it's still, Vegas is overwhelming.
  And you're so nap battle.
  Yeah, I'm still in nap world.
  I walked into a happening, like a pop up flash mob, whatever you want to call it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Just in progress.
  Scott's happening and it freaks him out, man.
  It freaks me out.
  That's exactly how it felt.
  And I was like, it's not going to be a real event.
  And it's not mandated.
  But certainly we're doing it and nobody minds.
  We're just giving a speech in this store while my own voice plays over and over again.
  There was a, so you're giving the speech.
  This is before Jason gets there.
  And there was, because people were gathering that I assume were not our listeners.
  Because there's still shoppers in there.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And the store's about to close.
  People also separately want to say goodbye to the store.
  Yes.
  And an older couple walked over and I was like, there's no way they listened to the show.
  The guy pulls his phone out, starts recording, because I'm Instagram live-ing immediately.
  I was overwhelmed too, because I would come from Disneyland and I was like, wait, what's going on?  I didn't know what was happening.
  I go, I guess I should just Instagram live this.
  And an old couple came up next to me.
  And I will say, unless they were listeners, I don't think they were.
  They were recording you the whole time and your jokes were killing with the guy.
  Yes.
  He was really liking all the jokes.
  And I was like, oh, that's interesting.
  They thought you were an actual astronaut.
  Yeah, I think maybe they thought it was like a funny sketch that was happening.
  But they were like really, they really enjoyed what was happening.
  There was another confusing thing where I was up there wearing an astronaut jumpsuit.
  And then a couple walks up and they're wanting to take a picture.
  And they asked my wife Erin to take a picture.
  And I was like, oh, hey, all right.
  And I stood next to them.
  And they were like, oh.
  And then they said, all right, now one without the astronaut.
  So they were just there to take a picture of the space console, which I shouldn't think  is that weird, because that's what I was doing not that long ago.
  I guess people did want to see this thing for the last time.
  And I should say, by the way, I got to talk to this guy Billy a ton.
  Billy was talking about how much people love the store, love the theming, and what it means  to them.
  He said several Make-A-Wish kids have made their wish to go be in that console.
  Really?  And there's kind of a gate in there where you can't sit as if you're driving it.
  But for kids, they, Make-A-Wish kids, they opened it up so you could sit in the console  for a while and feel like an astronaut.
  Wow, that's crazy.
  It is important to people and clearly very important to him.
  He's so fond of the store.
  I felt like the heartfelt nature of this whole thing.
  But Jason, anyway, then, so the first thing you see when you walk in.
  So the first thing I see is everyone clapping.
  And I'm like, but they were looking to the side.
  They weren't looking at me.
  So I'm just trying to slip in out of the way because I don't know what they're looking  at or what they're cheering for because I think there was, you know, there's still shelves  and stuff everywhere.
  Some people are obscure.
  You were partially obscured by shelving.
  Mike was like, yeah, creeping behind a shelf and Instagram Live.
  Like I came around the thing and Mike's like, you're on Instagram Live right now.
  Right.
  I walked right into it.
  And then I see in the distance what everyone else has already seen and is cheering for.
  And a pure surprise.
  A surprise for me.
  Surprise for everyone.
  Walking so dramatically, way in the distance, a gasp from the crowd as they see Charlie  Chip, our friend, the mascot of Fries, Charlie Chip, wearing an astronaut costume, a big  cloth, helmet and jet pack, essentially.
  An anthropomorphic computer chip wearing a space suit.
  Obviously already one of our top characters in fiction.
  Yes.
  Oh, now rising the ranks at this point.
  I didn't even know his name exactly until we did the episode.
  But now after that, and I think one of the most successful elements that we found of  Fries was him in all of those costumes and different guises.
  Charlie looks great.
  The place that made the suit, it's great.
  So to see him in person and knowing that they arranged this for him, even though this was  never like a really official event, that I was like having a child's birthday party.
  It was like they went in the back and got the Chucky costume.
  They got Charlie Chip to come out for me.
  And then we just had a photo.
  Like, okay, do you want a picture with us and Charlie?  As if it was.
  Do you want a picture with just Charlie?  Critter country, as Scott said, like the Pooh Bear.
  It's like when you know this tigger here, there's poo, there's rabbit or something.
  We felt like we had to do an impromptu, like a suited character receiving line.
  So yeah, you got a picture with Charlie and the three of us.
  Or if you just wanted Charlie, we were happy.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Hey, look, you know, there's other opportunities to meet us.
  Charlie, an astronaut Charlie, who knows when we'll see him again?  When he, I watched the video back when I'm like, I'm not sure whether to go to him because  the audience is so far away.
  And then he gives me a little like arms for like a little come hither, essentially like,  hey, I'm all in.
  And I ran up and gave him a big hug.
  I can't stop watching this footage.
  This delights me so much.
  And then I said, here, come meet my friends.
  The child, Soren, who was there, pointed out that one of his cords was loose.
  Yes.
  So he was like, worried, like, like Charlie can't breathe.
  He was losing oxygen.
  So then we're hanging out with Charlie.
  I stopped knowing what the hell to do with Charlie after a point.
  You were trying.
 What was really funny is to be polite.
  You were trying to like, excuse Charlie.
  Yes.
 So like, in case you need a break or something, it's a giant costume.
  Yeah, it's probably pretty insane.
  So I think like, you know, people came up and took photos and then we were like, all right,  well, thanks, Charlie.
  And then Charlie was like, like, give the thumbs up, but then stayed put.
  If you're told you're on duty for a little while, but it was definitely like, oh, yeah,  we got it.
 If you want to go get this off, please.
  And Charlie would just be like, thumbs up and stay.
  It's like if you met, if you, if you like, met a musician or a movie star, it means  a lot to you.
 And then you say, like, you know, just, I just think you're the greatest  and you inspire me to do what I do.
  And just thanks, man.
 Cool.
  And then that wasn't it.
  And then you didn't know what else to say.
  Like, now it's just, you let them off the hook.
  But they they've stuck around.
  I mean, God bless Charlie for not wanting to leave.
  Yes.
 But then we got this was a wonderful thing.
  We got to lead everybody over to the presentation room, which is what they call the  little movie theaters that are in every store.
  This one is inside a giant spaceship and it's closed down.
  They're closing down big parts of the store.
  This is like, you know, do not pass tape everywhere.
  But they let us specially and opened the door.
  They like unlocked it for us just to go sit in there.
  I always take this picture where it's just me sitting in the theater.
  And now I have it from the same perspective.
  Aaron took it where it was a group full of people in the presentation room.
  And then we did a little like impromptu live interview with Billy, where he told us  great.
 He talked about the theming and where it comes from.
  I think they used to build rocket parts in this particular.
  Yeah.
 At the very least, I believe.
  Yeah.
 Him having to run this all past one of the fries.
  Right.
 That's an element of this.
  We haven't said also like the founders of the company had to sign off on this.
  Yes.
 And the guy who was in the video before who I replaced saw it.
  He's seen it.
 Who still works in the company.
  Works at the company.
 His name's Jim.
  He used to make all of the in-house videos like the TV commercials and everything.
  And apparently he didn't want to be the guy originally.
  He did it because nobody else in the office volunteered.
  That's funny.
 Jim, I finally from his burden.
  He never wanted to be on camera.
  He didn't ask for this.
  No, I really did him a favor.
  But hey, it wasn't just a banner day for you, Scott.
  I mean, Mike got to correctly identify that matchbox when he came on in the store  and a listener brought us all some tea cakes.
  Yes.
 Well, that was the Flagstaff.
  Yes.
 The wonderful people from these delicious tea cakes.
  Absolutely.
 Yeah, they're wonderful.
  They were given to the he brought a cake for the people in the store.
  Yeah, the cake said, Fries Anaheim, you give us strength.
  There was a sector.
  You missed that part.
  I missed the cake.
  Yes, a sector keeper quote was on a cake for the people  who have to really have to say goodbye to the store.
  The store is closing.
  This was just all such wonderful, heartfelt stuff.
  And I'll I'll say this that getting to talk to Billy for a while,  who was a great guy, really lit up when we got that.
  He was excited from second one, as we intuited.
  And he said, as we were leaving, this could have been a real bad news weekend.
  We have to close a beloved store.
  It never feels good just logistically to have to do this.
  And just we love this one in particular.
  And you guys helped make it fun for us.
  What could have been a bummer of a weekend?  It's like we got to celebrate this place instead of it just shutting down forever.
  Yeah, that's I met the store manager.
  People were like that.
  People.
 What's so funny is because like it was really fun and positive.
  Everyone was like, cool with us, like hanging out.
  But I still felt like the employees were like, I think, can they really like  it's just like taking up real estate in the middle of the aisles?  It felt weird.
 I know.
  And the manager's like, thank you so much for coming.
  And I was like, well, you're welcome.
  Like, well, it was I was I'm saying it was positive,  despite like I was just like, not sure.
  Yeah, I didn't.
  I was so relieved to walk in and realize a group had already gathered  and they had not stopped it.
  I was worried I'd be giving a speech and then somebody would walk up and go, hey,  what the hell are you doing here?  And we all have to run away.
  But no, we could not have been more welcome.
  We did a private show in the screening room, which we were led in to do.
  It was it was honestly it was an immersive.
  If you're a listener.
  Yes.
 It was an immersive of walking around the store with us.
  Live flash fries, which we couldn't do this in a theme park.
  We couldn't get we get to like, no, this got to be like a for one after  you in a podcast, the ride themed environment.
  Yeah, one of the hosts is up on the walls play like my voice is echoing.
  You can meet us.
  We're doing a live little show for you.
  We're talking to people about others that just became a fan meet and greet.
  I made the offer that we if you bought something from the store,  you know, go support the store and then bring it back to us and we would sign it.
  We had to sign.
  Incredible.
  We had to sign all this fun shit.
  Somebody bought like, you know, the kind of implement you'd use to like  pull a pizza out of an oven.
  And he was like, well, this is the closest thing we could find to a paddle,  a paddle for your ass.
  As the the guy from the rainforest camp they would tell me for data.
  What would we sign?  What did you sign?  I signed women in black, an adult movie.
  So I saw, yeah, men in black porno.
  Yeah, because they still have a porno.
  That was the big surprise to me.
  They have pornography.
  And OK, little warning, do the little skip ahead if you don't want to hear  dirty words, because I can't not say so.
  A listener, Andrew, found this probably the funniest item in the store.
  Women in black, too.
  And it had the tagline protecting the earth from the come of the universe.
  Yeah, now that's that's funny.
  I don't care who you are right there.
  That's funny.
  The come of the universe.
  Yeah, because the tagline, in case you don't remember, is the scum.
  Scum of the universe.
  So it was sitting right there.
  Which also like scum is like kind of a derivative of like that.
  They're in the same ballpark there, I think.
  I suppose so.
  But that was just the I mean, people were buying the 85 cent  branded fries, water bottles, which featured gorillas or apes  going crazy for electron for like palm pilots and laptops.
  I regret not buying one.
  Someone found a dirty cyborg Funko pop.
  And then my favorite, a dog eared 2011 farmers  almanac, very dog, very dog eared 2011.
  We are still selling for five sixty nine.
  I would say that I did not get a good chance to walk around the fries  and because the people would bring this up to us.
  And I would be like, this does not feel like it's sold in a  an electronics store in 2020.
 Right.
  But apparently there's a bunch of like,  like the porno, the porno that we signed,  it felt like it had been sitting there for 15 years.
  Yeah.
 It's a parody of a movie from 2002.
  What? Right.
 Yeah.
  So and it was like the cover was falling off of it.
  And I was like, they've just been there's just been a porno  sitting in this store for 20 plus, like 20 years.
  There's another year skip ahead to I watched there.
  There's another one called the skip ahead, skip ahead.
  Complete and uncut a foreskin fantasy.
  That was in fries.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  This is so much weirder than the poop toys we talked about.
  There were these series of toys that we talked about in the patron episode.
  Someone who peruse, who peruse, thank you.
  Thirty dollar casery phone case.
  Oh, yeah.
 Same company from the profit.
  Company.
 Yeah.
  We should have written about it.
  Apologies.
 I can't remember who bought what.
  So Mia, I believe, who was that?  We made this part of a vacation from Canada, from Canada, going to Disneyland  and doing the full like Disneyland Hotel,  Napa Road, doing the full giant.
  The whole and this happened to fall circuit towards.
  Yeah, I'm so happy.
  The fact that this was at the Anaheim one of all of them,  that we were and I turned it into a then I went and I had a celebration  drink at Ralph Brennan's Jazz Kitchen.
 Sure.
  At a sass, a manhattan.
  I mean, hopefully other people turned it into a little Disneyland.
  That it was so close to our favorite park.
  My favorite store.
  This is just such a a heartwarming event, a podcast, the riot immersive.
  It plants the seed.
  Can we do more podcasts, the riot immersive?  Well, it's funny you bring that up because we've maybe talked about it.
  How we have I'm pimping you out a little.
  Yes, we have this.
  If you're interested in this idea, whatever it is, the general notion of this,  please let us know.
  Yeah, but it made me excited for a little like, yeah, a little happenings.
  There's a yeah, there will be more happenings to come.
  I don't know.
 We don't have such a solid idea, but there are.
  I mean, look, maybe we'll hit hit up the last hour of Operation of the Fries,  Anaheim and buy one of the many copies of Mad Max, Fury Road and screen that.
  We're one of the many copies of Red Bull's sports movie.
  Red Bull, that's what they had a ton of money into very beautiful  4K like snowboarding and skydiving.
  They had a giant box set massive with multiple carabiners and keychains  of Red Bull's extreme sports collection.
  There were 50 of those.
  There was only one copy of the 70s film FM starring Howard  Hesman that they were selling for 30 dollars.
  Still, they are like cutting the prices.
  Yes, nothing was marked out.
  Dirty cyborg was still there was a collection of three  three movies I'd never heard of.
  And it was called the Mother Trucker Collection.
  And it was just, I think, like  like women in hot pants, like driving cars.
  Sure.
 Maybe killing people.
  I don't know.
 And I was like, what?  And there's like thirty five dollars.
  They're standing there.
 Wait a minute.
  What? Did this ever sell for thirty five dollars?  One of you said there's a whole aisle of reading glasses  and then a few minutes later, I saw someone walking to the register  with a brand new pair of reading glasses to purchase.
 Wow.
  Yeah.
 We were in there for like two hours and I do.
  The only regret I have is that I didn't go aisle by aisle.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Try to figure out the word.
  I meant to get a what to see smoothie before it closed.
  I think they were not running the smoothies, but like, OK, pretty good store.
  Right.
 You guys haven't been before.
  Yeah, no, I had to see it.
  No, that's two days.
  The the there's a giant shuttle in the back of this.
  Like, it's so impressive that they can't move.
  That's like built into the store.
  So you have to blow it up.
  Yeah, maybe.
 Or that'll just be whatever it turns into.
  Club now has a.
  Well, I was saying to some listeners that if any fries close,  they should reopen a Toys R Us inside of it.
  Oh, yes.
 But yeah, Toys R Us is a real.
  Oh, and that with a space show.
 Right.
  That's what I was saying.
  I was saying if they close any of the ones with the theming,  how about Toys R Us reopens in there?  But that's a whole nother episode about what's going on with the Toys R Us company.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Now we did another bit of inside information with the Woodland Hills fries,  which is themed after Alice in Wonderland and like really detailed  Lewis Carroll style drones.
 Yeah.
  There is a news story officially saying that it is closing  and it may be someday, but we have the inside line  that it will be open through all of 2020.
  So get to that store.
  Yeah.
 And I'll give this little tease.
  There's a possibility of a podcast, the right presence in there.
  Maybe, maybe just an idea.
  We've thrown us in there.
  And the real cliffhanger, because I don't even want to consider this fries, too.
  I think there's maybe still a fries to full episode to do.
  But I think maybe it can't happen until this plays itself out.
  This may not be the end of astronaut Scott.
  Astronaut Scott may still have a future in the fries chain.
  And I'll leave it at that.
  Oh, interesting.
  Someone's going back to the moon.
  Is it have anything to do in orbit?  Does it have anything to do with a movie that they will sell on a fries?  That is an astronaut porno.
  As an Apollo 13.
  It's yeah, it's Apollo 69.
  It's yeah.
  Well, I'm going to I'm doing a couple.
  I'm going to do Apollo 69 and I'm going to do the white stuff,  which is, of course, referring to.
  Yeah.
 Oh, I understand.
  Please skip ahead.
  Oh, yeah.
 Hey, I don't have to say it.
  I'm not going to say.
  So thank you all for making this happen.
  This was such a delight to be in that story.
  A year later, I was on the same platform.
  I was so delighted by and now I'm in the video.
  It was, by the way, so aggressive to be in there.
  My same voice clip.
  And I also did the countdown seven, six.
  So there's my voice playing aggressively nonstop in the store for two, two days.
  Kind of maddening.
  But so very surreal and so fun to see listeners.
  You made it happen.
 Thank you so much for making it happen.
  Thank you to our fan, BD, our fan, listener, BD,  who is documenting a lot of this, taking a lot of great photos.
  And in fact, on her YouTube theme park ASMR,  you can watch our impromptu interview with Billy  in the live from the Anaheim Prize Prize presentation room.
  So thank you, BD, for that.
  And yeah, look, not only not only for us, did we have fun,  but I think we helped this poor store that's going out of business  have a good last weekend.
  We all made some good stuff happen here.
  Yeah, I was I was blown away by a lot of things.
  I think I said this before we started recording.
  I was impressed at how many people online said that this whole thing made them cry.
  Cry.
 People shed tears over this.
  Our friend, Eva Anderson, apparently.
  I'm so touched by this.
  This is incredible.
  I didn't know the podcast would be.
  I didn't know we'd get here and how we like somehow the story  with the most heart involved me seeing a funny video in a store,  going to Carthay Circle, drinking Manhattan's and saying, what if I was in the video?  And suddenly it's become a journey.
  Oh, well, I was going to say,  because I ended up feeling not like Anne Hathaway in Les Miserables,  but rather Anne Hathaway accepting her Oscar for Les Miserables and saying,  it came true.
  That's exactly how I felt.
  Oh, no.
 Yeah, you're right.
  What happens next is America going like, fuck you.
  Oh, no, shit.
 The backlash for seemingly  indescribable reasons, just confusingly.
  Just everyone turned on.
  Well, I have already experienced people turning on me for confusing reasons.
  That being not liking a boat ride where you see lots of plants.
  This has been a real whiplash, too, for you.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I swung from show villain Hollywood Gardner heel to mega face.
  Like, really, if we're going wrestling and who knows, I may swing back again.
  I'm the wild card.
  You never know where I'm going to fall.
  Wrestling always says the guy who's turned heel and face the most is the big show.
  So maybe you'll be the big show of the podcast, the ride.
  You'll turn heel and face so many times people won't be able to track it.
  Maybe that's my thing.
 Yeah.
  Just a wild constant back and forth up and down.
  Do you hate me? Do you love me?  I think I make you feel something either way.
  That's the point.
  And one more thing, I was going to say this in the speech,  but then you weren't there at the speech.
  But I just I thought if you know, if we can do this,  if a small town podcaster can become  the astronaut in a store that is about to close, who knows what else is possible?  Why couldn't another small town podcaster become the mayor of Disneyland?  It's true.
 You're right.
  We're in an election year.
  Mm hmm.
 I've got the endorsement of the Wall Street Journal.
  That's true.
 Hey, that's also happened.
  That too.
 Jason, was that this week too?  Yeah, that was I think I found out about it Sunday or Monday.
  I didn't find out about it until a few days after it ran.
  End of February.
 God bless you.
  I got the Wall Street Journal Stipple Drawing.
  Someone was drawing you.
  Someone's right.
 I had to send I had to provide a picture  so they could do the Stipple Drawing.
  It was yes, like the like this very traditional style of newspaper drawing.
  And the drawings were done of an NFL star of was it was NBA?  It was the Milwaukee Bucks.
  Yes, perhaps.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  Amanda Lund, a former Disney princess and a great comedian writer  who has been on our show yourself and Tony Baxter, our hero.
  We're her imaginary legend.
  Tony Baxter, we're all done in the same style,  because at the end of the day, we're all just we're all just Disney fans.
  We're all just do you think unites us all?  Tony had to have seen that.
  I mean, that guy about 50 50,  whether people could get past the paywall or not.
  Oh, yeah, it's hard.
 No, but I think.
  Oh, yes.
 Yeah, I did once and then didn't another time.
  For whatever reason, it worked on my phone and then nothing else.
  Yeah.
 I so insane.
  There's that guy who asked me about ice cream.
  Talking about ice cream.
  Talking about ice cream again.
  Well, guys, I you know what?  I'm always going to be fond of that final week, that leap week of February  2020.
 That was really something.
  And maybe, maybe the rise of JPEG is a good thing.
  Maybe, maybe a boat.
  It's a great new era that'll be distinctly Disney, but authentically podcast  the right.
 And folks, you survived podcast the ride.
  Boy, that was something.
  If you didn't hear the beginning of all this fries nonsense and,  you know, and for more great stuff, as always, and for eventually fries to big  teaser, go to a page around dot com slash podcast the ride, the second gate  where you get five for five dollars, you get three bonus episodes every month.
  And for all the other stuff and for videos of all of this,  the fries adventure, they go to our Twitter, our Instagram or our Facebook group  and go watch our live or our impromptu live show on YouTube.
  Yeah, there's so much it has been documented.
  I just briefly looked at all of this stuff.
  It has been so well documented.
  It's like the footage of it.
  More well documented than some real space launches.
  I was going to say, yeah, it's better.
  Yeah, for sure.
  Yeah, well, this is once in a lifetime.
  Some people will say we faked this whole thing.
  There are witnesses, I think, that we can prove.
  It did happen in the warehouse in Anaheim.
  This was not a hoax.
  What is officially filmed in a warehouse south of Eaton Track?  Take take from that what you may.
  They'll be truthers, but they're wrong.
  We lived it.
 It happened.
  It was there.
 We'll be back for more fun.
  We have so much fun coming up in March.
  So many great guests.
 Yeah.
  Stay tuned.
 It's going to be another great month.
  JPEG is going to be good to us all.
  But bless JPEG and bless you.
  This has been a ForeverDog production,  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest ForeverDog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook.
