 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Hey, it's Podcasts to Ride, the second gate.
  We're here, we're talking about a very exciting topic.
  My name is Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan here along with me.
  You just jumped right into it.
  I was caught off guard, all this as if I was going  73 miles per hour on a first drop of a hyper coaster.
  And you got hit with something that was living.
  Scott Garner here as well.
  Yeah, this topic is so interesting,  it'll have you saying, I can't believe  it's not the main feed.
  Oh yeah.
  See, cause he even endorsed,  I can't believe it's not butter.
  That's what, I kind of had that in my head on the way over  and I didn't have a right to go when you started.
  And maybe I shouldn't have said it at all.
  I think it's good, I mean.
  I think it makes you sound very professional,  like a newspaper reporter in 1999.
  Oh, everyone had a field day.
  Yeah.
  We're talking, this was a dream come true  for all these writers.
  Everyone thought they were so funny.
  Just kidding, okay, okay, all right.
  Oh no, shit, Boston Globe already said,  already said Dr.
 Goose, what else can we,  you already called him a bird brain.
  Did anyone say, did anyone say he laid an egg or anything?  That's kind of a stretch.
  Do goose, do geese lay eggs?  They have to, right?  The goose that laid the golden egg.
  Yeah, of course.
  Take a gander at Fabio's face.
  That's too good, that's too clever.
  Too much of a, I added a related topic.
  It's funny, having had a few journalism classes in college,  they do kind of teach you how to write  that funny little, you know.
  We've talked a little bit about this,  but you did some journalism in college.
  I worked for the first year and a half or so of college  before I switched majors.
  And that turned out to be very good foresight on my part  because the industry slowly dying.
  Like newspapers slowly, they were already dying at the time.
  You may not like comedy.
  No.
  You're set.
  No.
  As are we all.
  I love to laugh still.
  Laughing could never,  there's no way that the laughing bubble could implode.
  You had to make calls though, right?  To an agent to confirm like a story in college?  Oh, I was a fact checker.
  Yeah, a lot of papers use the interns as fact checkers.
  Yeah, and at the Philadelphia weekly,  which is now closed, I was fact checking the horror scopes  because the horror scopes were a funny little mashup  of like tabloid gossip and horror scopes.
  I think we've talked about this before,  but what did you call the agent to confirm something about?  Sandra Bullock's agent to confirm a question  about her and Jesse James.
  And they were not happy to speak to me.
  Oh yeah, they just gave you the general agent's number.
  You just had to like,  you ended up calling an assistant of who you'd called  to try to get her in a movie.
  Okay, here was the path.
  E used to catalog who represented everyone,  the website for the network E.
  Weird.
  That got me to UTA or William Morris.
  And then I looked up their website,  I called the general line.
  They connected me to that agent's assistant.
  The assistant connected me to the agent  because I said it was from the Philadelphia weekly,  which sounds legit.
  It was a good paper, a word winning paper.
  And the person was so annoyed.
  And what I had found was the horoscope writer  had to use news stories from that week, the year prior.
  So they were like going too fast  and pulled a year old tabloid thing.
  Oh, and this was, you were asking like, did he cheat?  Did Jesse cheat?  I think it was before that.
  It was so innocuous and they were so,  rightly so, they were rightly annoyed  to be speaking to this 19 year old.
  Is Sandra still committed to her hubby  or are her eyes wandering?  The thing they hate it the most is like my stock was,  my stock line was like,  I am from the Philadelphia weekly.
  It's a weekly newspaper in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
  And they went, I know where Philadelphia is.
  And I was like, okay, all right.
  That wasn't a shot at you.
  Philadelphia, it's a city.
  You might've heard this building's there.
  Those are big tall houses, basically.
  You weren't explaining that degree of,  you weren't condescending.
  No, it, I was just going by like stock,  like introduce yourself in this way.
  So people don't, so you're clear.
  So you are clear that you are from a newspaper.
  I know where Philadelphia is.
  I fly over it all the time.
  So yeah.
  Nice, this person owes you an apology.
  I don't know who this was.
  Ari Emanuel?  Maybe.
  It would have been great if it was Ari.
  Who was the editor in chief screaming at though?  Ovitz?  Could it be Ovitz?  Do you remember the name?  I don't remember the name.
  Well, you would have remembered if it was Ari, right?  Oh yeah.
  Okay.
  Well, we'll have to look into who Sandra Bullock's agent was.
  Agent in 2005?  Okay.
  So if we can web.
archive,  if we can use the Wayback Machine to go to the old E website.
  That's very good.
  Well, your journalism skills, yes,  would have come in handy in crafting the perfect pun  about today's topic, which now has been,  okay, we've teased it now a couple of times  on the show recently,  and we decided let's skip this one up in the queue.
  Let's get to it ASAP.
  Now this first came up on,  well, maybe we should just say the basics of what happened.
  I'm sure everyone knows this,  but well, all right, basic facts.
  Fabio was on a roller coaster,  and when he came back, his face was all bloody  because on the way he got hit in the face by a goose.
  Yes.
  Sub details.
  This was at Busch Gardens Williamsburg.
  Williamsburg.
  And the first that ever came up on the podcast  is we did an episode about the Park Kings Island in Ohio  with Dave Ferguson, and he seemed pretty confident  that the Fabio goose incident happened there.
  And we didn't really seem right to us,  and I think we debunked it maybe during the episode  or soon after, but I didn't know where it was necessarily.
  We all know the image.
  The image is as striking now as JFK Jr.
 waving goodbye  to his father.
  It's an indelible image from the 20th century,  pretty much moon landing in that.
  Yeah.
  A lot, I felt like I was brushing sand off a map  or something in a hidden temple.
  It's like more and more was revealed reading  because this is very well documented.
  Specifically, it was Apollo's Chariot.
  Right, it was Apollo's Chariot.
  It was the opening of Apollo's Chariot.
  It was the opening, the inaugural ride,  so first ride on this.
  They obviously had a test ride,  but this was the first open  to the public ceremonial test ride.
  Done, because it was themed after the Greek gods,  so they got an Adonis.
  They got a Greek god looking guy.
  I want to say maybe Roman because I think it's in a Rome area.
  There's a Rome area.
  I think it's even called Roma rapids or something.
  Roman rap, yes.
  Yeah, okay.
  The wettest ride maybe in the country.
  My mom got so wet on the Roman rapids  once she bought a whole new outfit  to change into at the gift shop at the exit.
  It is, it's glues in my family's mind  is like how wet you would get on this roller coaster.
  But I hope she didn't buy you new socks.
  You don't want new socks.
  I know you want a wetter water ride.
  I think she might have been wearing open-toed shoes.
  Socks wet, baby.
  Yeah.
  He was surrounded by women in white dresses, essentially,  like togas.
  Yeah.
  What would you call them?  They're like nymphs or.
  I guess, I don't know.
  Did they really flesh out the universe  of what they were going for?  They look like, I mean, it's a harem, you might say.
  But like not dissimilar to like what's her name  in Hercules is dressed like.
  Yeah.
  I mean, really it's like the chorus in Hercules.
  The Greek chorus, yes.
  Or like Kid Icarus, if you imagine what he is wearing.
  That's true.
  I appeared once on Craig Ferguson as a Greek chorus.
  Oh, I remember that.
  Yeah, about a decade ago.
  Wow.
  Anyway.
  You know about this.
  I know exactly about this.
  You know how difficult it would have been  if someone had gotten hurt before  and there was blood all over your uniform.
  Yeah.
  Whatever you want to call it, your drapes.
  My drapes.
  I know Fabio was 38 years old.
  Okay.
  When this happened.
  Okay.
  He's 6'3".
  Yeah.
  The people around him,  because of the way blood splatter occurs,  some of them got a little bloodied.
  Yes.
  A little Fabio blood.
  Behind them.
  Now there's a view that I don't have it handy,  but we'll try to tweet it.
  There's the photos that we kind of know  where the car is arriving back to the station  and as the camera zooms,  oh my God, there's blood all over his face.
  And in that view,  you can tell that it got on the women behind him.
  There's another view that I hadn't seen  which is on a drop itself.
  Yes.
  It's really funny in that view,  seeing a full car of goddesses,  whatever you want to call them,  all dressed identically,  except for one guy in the third row  who's just a regular guy  and Fabio, who presumably is part of this,  as you said, because he resembles a god,  he isn't dressed in like a Herculean face.
  He's just in like a denim shirt.
  Not for the ride.
  There was clearly some sort of ceremony  where they gave him a cape and a sword  and he clearly took that off.
  Right.
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
  But even still, wasn't he just wearing that over like a shirt?  Yeah, he was just wearing it over like slacks and a shirt.
  There was probably more money  to get him into the full outfit.
  There was probably some sort of a negotiation,  don't you think?  Yeah, I think so.
  Obviously they wanted Arnold.
  You think they would want Arnold  and it's like, well, his price, especially 99,  it's too, too high.
  Yeah.
  And it's like, okay, Fabio, there's a negotiation.
  Well, will he wear the Hercules outfit?  No, he won't.
  Well, this is how much we have to pay.
  Will he hold a sword and a shield with his denim shirt on?  Yes, he will do that.
  Okay, great.
  We've got him.
  I read an essay on Medium where someone was like,  so you have to remember that they would have had to,  yeah, negotiate all that.
  They would have had to fly him in,  probably to this airport, get him to Williamsburg,  put him up, probably the embassy suites  is like the nicest thing in Williamsburg,  probably the night before so that he's,  you don't have to worry about getting him in the morning of,  you want everything to be on time.
  It's like, and he goes through.
  Giant production and people really stressed out.
  Just like everything.
  Okay, can I get you anything?  We have plenty of sodas all over the park,  t-shirts if you want.
  Yeah, all of that and then all of that happens  only for this to happen.
  All of that goes down  and then you get literally a freak accident.
  Yeah, truly.
  It's too bad he didn't bring the sword on the ride  because it might have been.
  It would have saved him.
  Defense, yeah.
  I don't know the sharpness of the sword,  but if he'd somehow seen it coming  and gotten ahead of it  and could have sliced the bird in half,  I guess blood would still be in the equi,  you might've had more splatter  on the goddesses in the background.
  Right, but it would have been bird blood,  not Fabio blood.
  Well, do we know this?  Do we know that it's not bird blood?  Well, he did get cut.
  So it has to be at least some of his blood.
  Yeah.
  Oh, that's a good point.
  Yeah, I didn't really think about.
  Do you have information about what blood was on?  Let's keep talking.
  Okay.
  Oh, great.
  I'll save what I think I know.
  All right, then maybe I didn't see.
  We were talking about what the twist is here.
  Local news network has all of these clips online.
  Very well, doc.
  Again, well documented by the traditional mainstream media,  including a poor rep from Six Flags who assured everyone,  we have other roller coasters that are in  or sit in or near the water  and no one has ever been hit by a goose in the face.
  Like those were exact words.
  No, we should say, but one of the reasons,  probably why this came up initially  was because we just covered the world's tallest roller coaster.
  Is that right?  We just.
  Kingda Ka.
 Kingda Ka.
  Right.
  The tallest, no longer fastest.
  No longer fastest.
  And there was a very similar incident where a guy,  now we've recorded this a little while ago,  but a kid was hit in the face by a pigeon.
  By a pigeon.
  That he describes as having just exploded,  just demolished.
  Right.
  I don't know how the goose fared.
  I don't know if the goose just burst  or if it did a body fall to the ground.
  Right.
  Or was it just completely toast?  Yeah, I don't know.
  This one I was interested,  well anyway, I don't know,  which for getting too far ahead,  I was interested,  this one actually went down a little differently  than I thought in reading about it.
  So maybe you have more.
  It was the first drop too.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, it was on the first drop,  which is I think is the point of view that you can see  like from this one photo that I'm describing.
  Well, maybe this is a good point to say.
  To drop it.
  I don't know if we have overlapping information.
  Yeah, let's just do it.
  Let's get to it here.
  Jason, you mentioned that medium article.
  This is a great article about it  that pointed out a couple of interesting things  you didn't realize,  including that he points out,  imagine if you were at this press event  and the coaster is new,  no one knows the coaster.
  Especially there's like,  on one side is all photographers and videographers  and on the other side are children  who are waiting to take the second ride.
  And imagine like,  I wonder what's gonna happen on this roller coaster.
  And then it pulls back up and Fabio is covered in blood.
  Fabio looks like Steve Austin at WrestleMania 13,  bleeding out in the sharpshooter from Bret Hart.
  They call it a crimson mask.
  Just, it's a very horrifying look.
  Do you know what picture I'm talking about?  I know what you're talking.
  Yeah, sometimes if I get like too worked up  about treats and eats.
  You start bleeding from the head?  I start getting crimson masks when podcasting.
  You just stress bleed from the head?  I leave it all on the field, brother.
  Like this is, if you can see this, Scott,  here's Steve Austin.
  Oh my.
  Let me see it again.
  I mean, face blood is so upsetting.
  Face bloody, here's a better picture of it.
  We shall put a side by side with Fabio and Steve Austin.
  It does look like he scored his face.
  Well, that's what you, yeah.
  We must have talked before about blading.
  In wrestling, you call it blading,  is when you take a razor blade  and you make a little cut on your forehead  in order to have that blood happen.
  Because it's not super painful.
  There's not a lot of nerves up there.
  It's not too painful, but it does bleed a lot.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It's very theatrical.
  It looks crazier than it feels.
  It looks great.
  It's gonna fucking irritate your eyes  if you get blood in your eyes.
  They've made a lot of, they've really like cut way down  on that in WWE from just from watching  and it doesn't happen a lot.
  But it is funny because relatively to what a lot  of moves wrestlers take, I feel like are very dangerous  in the back and spine, but it's like, no,  we can't have them nick their forehead anymore.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Relatively speaking, a lot of what they do is,  in my opinion, more dangerous than having a little cut  on the forehead, but because it's so crazy looking.
  It looks so much more upsetting, but yeah,  they can get their skull bashed as often as they want.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
  And Mike, what's the term for if you start bleeding  out of your head, but from actually being like hit.
  Cut the hard way, I believe,  is what you're looking for.
  Fabio got it the hard way for sure.
  Well, we don't know.
  Scott has shed some mystery on this.
  What?  Yeah, let me bring this up.
  Yeah.
  Why I brought up that medium article again  is that there's an important part of this article  that inspired some thinking from me.
  The quote in dissecting all the ins and outs  of this incident, this medium writer said,  how there hasn't been a where are they now  or podcast or oral history of this day, I will never know.
  Now as for podcast, we're doing it, baby.
  We're doing it.
  We're in it.
  You got your wish.
  2000.
  And we're doing it, we should say like right around 21 years  to a week that this incident occurred.
  This article was written on the 20th anniversary,  which I can't believe it's been that long.
  This doesn't feel that long ago.
  Yeah.
 I mean, this was right on the cusp of the millennium.
  I have some, we'll get to it later.
  I have some like, what was going on in the world this week?  Ooh, good.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, I have a couple of things like that too.
  Ooh, neat.
  I'm excited for a time capsule.
  But it does feel to me like a perfect metaphor  for the 90s ending and running face first  into the millennium.
  And of course we can't, of course we'll discuss  how the Fabio Goose incident factors into 9-11,  what it means before in a pre-9-11 time.
  This was a little bit of levity  during the Clinton impeachment, like, you know.
  Oh, is that what was happening?  Period.
  I think that was a month later.
  Wait, that was all wrapped up by, no, no, no, no,  it was 99, that was still going on.
  Oh, that's right, okay, okay.
  We'll take a trip backwards.
  But when I read that and I was like, okay, well,  I'm excited because we're doing this podcast.
  But then I thought, what we're doing right now,  three guys like riffing about the Fabio Goose incident  is not what this guy wants.
  Yeah, what he wants is a full,  as a serious NPR serial kind of investigation  into this incident.
  And I realized that just with a little bit of backdrop  that that's exactly what we could give him and here.
  We all know the story, or at least we think we do.
  Fabio goes on a roller coaster  and gets hit in the face by a goose.
  But what if that isn't the whole story?  What if Fabio wasn't hit by a goose at all?  What if for the last 20 years, we've all been caught  in the world's biggest game of Duck Duck Goose?  And the truth has been chasing us in circles  this entire time.
  For National Podcast, The Right Radio, I'm Scott Gardner.
  This is Goose Chase.
  And all right, and now we've set the scene.
  I was wondering if we could just do the whole thing like this.
  Well, here's, okay, if you have anything to say  and you would like the serious marimba music  to make this feel more, just call for it  and I'll pull it right back up.
  Sure.
  And I don't do, I don't set the serial tone for no reason  because I do think something is up here.
  Interesting.
 Yes.
  I started here, you know what?  I'll bring it back right away to say this.
  As I started watching the footage,  I saw something that I'd never seen before.
  As the coaster started going up the first lift hill  and it got out of the point of view  that we've all seen in the video,  there was something on the front of the coaster car,  a camera.
  If this footage has been played over and over again  by news shows, comedy shows,  why have we never seen the point of view of the camera  mounted to the coaster as the goose exploded  on Fabio's face?  I started to wonder, it got me thinking.
  So I did some digging.
  And I can't keep up that tone for an entire,  I'm getting wrapped up in it, honestly.
  Yeah, call, tell me if you want the backdrop.
  I'm not even here again.
  Can I tell you what I read and then you can go?  Sure, yes.
  From what I can tell, and Jason correct me if I'm wrong,  the official story they've put out is that a goose  hit the front of the car and then like ricocheted off  into Fabio's head.
  I came across that as well.
  I have not.
  This is interesting.
 Really?  No, yeah, yeah.
  Because what you were describing is different  than what Fabio himself describes.
  Interesting, yeah.
  So I think mine was like a post,  the New York Post article I was reading.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
  Okay, so ricocheted off the front of the car.
  The front of the roller coaster,  then hit him in the head.
  Okay, so the body bounces back onto him, onto his face.
  And that, in this story, you'd have to think that  what's on his face is a combination of goose  blood and Fabio blood.
  I'm trying to remember now.
  They definitely mentioned he had swelling from getting hit.
  I'm pretty sure someone said something about a cut,  but I was always under the impression  that it might be like a little blood  and then it was the goose as well.
  Okay.
  All right, what is?  Well, to me, the camera was the key to the entire thing.
  And I've noticed that in a lot of the edits of this footage  that truly you're watching it  and the coaster starts to leave and you don't see the camera.
  But like, why have we never seen what's on that?  That seems like that would solve the entire thing.
  And that footage would be like the most popular footage  in the world to see a goose just turn to dust.
  Why haven't we seen this?  And I think I know why,  because I kept digging a little bit.
  Just if you keep going down in the YouTube results  for Fabio Goose roller coaster,  you hear an interview with him  that's not entirely about this incident,  but that's partially about this incident.
  It's from Australian television about,  I don't know, maybe four or five years ago.
  So, all right, listen to this.
  This clears up a lot.
  And I think it throws a wrench into the entire story.
  Interesting.
  This is the twist.
  One of the goose hit the camera, the video camera,  and a piece of video camera barely slashed  the bridge of my nose.
  Now I have to do other, you know,  10 minutes upside down with my head down.
  And blood going everywhere.
  Yeah, because you know,  it's like most of the blood is in your head.
  But I wasn't hurt.
  I was pissed because they wanted to cover their butt.
  So they go, okay, if the goose hit him,  he's a nut of God.
  So they spread to the media, then the goose hit him.
  And it wasn't the goose.
  The goose hit the video camera.
  The video camera split.
  Interesting.
  Weird things can happen.
  Easy.
  Now wait a minute, but that contradicts,  because there was an interview with Fabio  not too long after the incident.
  Well, he's saying he was manipulated.
  Where he is said, it wasn't a freak accident,  and it's going to happen again.
  And I cannot.
  He said it wasn't a freak accident?  It wasn't a freak accident.
  It was not.
  He's saying it wasn't a freak accident,  and it's going to happen again.
  And I cannot live with my conscience  knowing that the ride is still running.
  And maybe a person.
  Or even a child can be killed.
  Killed?  Did not happen.
  No, but Paula's chariot has now been running safely  for over 20 years.
  20 years, no incident.
  And also no other, for what I saw,  incident of a bird hitting someone  on a different bush gardens.
  No, no.
  But let's unpack this, what he has just said.
  At least according to this story,  at least how he sees things today.
  The goose did not hit Fabio,  and it did not hit the coaster car either.
  The goose hit the camera.
  Who put the camera there?  Bush gardens put the camera there.
  And if we were able to see the footage from that camera,  we would see plainly no goose.
  Now, he brings up another thing.
  If the goose had just hit Fabio straight in the face,  that is an act of God.
  And I started analyzing, I was looking at other,  I started looking at other articles and video,  and over and over again,  bush gardens representatives said,  act of God, act of nature, act of God.
  Interesting.
  Why did they keep pushing the story?  Did they have something to hide?  I'm Scott Gardner, this is Goose Jesus.
  So they do get out there right away.
  Interesting.
  With that act of God thing.
  Right.
  It makes it not their fault.
  But if it's a coaster car that they've,  and the, probably even if it's a coaster car,  or the camera, then that does make it their fault,  I believe.
  Well, it's interesting though,  because wouldn't you still consider  if a goose hits the camera and the camera hits you,  that is still an act of God.
  It's not like the camera,  the camera alone falling apart and hitting him  is them not securing it correctly.
  Maybe.
  And he also, I believe says that the camera split in half.
  I forget if that was in that clip or not.
  So I think there's something to be said for  if the camera was not installed properly,  or if there hadn't been a camera at all.
  I think he could be wrong,  and I don't know the legalities here.
  This is raising a lot of questions for me,  because broadcast quality cameras back then  were kind of built like a brick.
  They were pretty, they weren't super delicate.
  The other thing though is there's no way  Bush Gardens just has this quality of camera laying around.
  I would assume they would rent it from somewhere,  or they would have a production,  a video production company they would work with.
  But what is the story we've already talked about  with Robert Reed making sure that a camera  was mounted correctly on a roller coaster?  Remember this?  That was at King's Island.
  At King's Island.
  Robert Reed.
  And if he had not been there to say  we have to run a test on this,  the camera would have killed the entirety  of the Brady Bunch.
  Right, Robert Reed, Mike Brady,  at a promotional appearance at King's Island.
  So I'm just saying he proved them wrong  that they hadn't done a good job  securing a camera back then.
  I'm saying it's always possible.
  Well, I think sloppiness is always possible.
  I wanna know, yeah, whose camera is it?  Whose rig is it?  Oh, you're right.
  Wait a minute.
  This does not, they,  presumably Bush Gardens does not own this camera.
  They aren't in the camera rental business.
  Now they could have the rig.
  I think it would make sense to buy a rigging device  to put on a roller coaster.
  They'll use that over and over again  to promote different attractions, sure.
  Yeah.
  And maybe, and I don't think it's a rig problem.
  I think it's a camera problem.
  Either way, I do find this interesting  that the goose didn't hit Fabio.
  I don't think any of it is goose blood.
  I think that's all Fabio blood.
  It's possible.
  So I'm on this, dailypress.
com,  and this is what they say.
  They say, and it's pretty much what I was saying,  a goose who would have been nesting nearby  flew into the path of the speeding coaster car.
  Best anyone can tell.
  I'll give you this.
  Best anyone can tell,  the goose hit the front of the car, breaking its neck.
  The bird's carcass then flipped upward,  striking Fabio on the bridge of his nose  and causing a cut that would later require three stitches.
  No bones were broken, but there was some swelling.
  Turns out that was the extent of it.
  He wasn't hurt too bad, and he was a good sport about it.
  The women riding with him took some splatter,  which is what happens when a bleeding man  with an open wound rides in an open car at high speeds.
  Wow, wow.
  The fact that there's different,  we're hearing different stories from the American press,  from the Australian press.
  Fabio is saying different things.
  It's almost like you have to start analyzing now  who owns these papers.
  What do they have to gain from Bush Gardens Williamsburg's loss?  Let me look, okay, let me do a little bit  of better looking now, because again, I'm a wrestling fan.
  I know what a cut from-  It's funny that you brought all that up, yeah,  because a little part of a camera slicing his forehead  is exactly what would have happened to,  I don't know if that's what happened to Steve Austin  in that incident, but Vince is bleeding or whatever.
  That's probably something similar to a camera piece.
  Yes, I mean, I assume you have, it's glass especially.
  They don't cut themselves with glass,  they cut themselves with a little razor blade,  at least usually.
  There's been some death matches where they use glass.
  We don't know if this was glass,  we don't know if it was like a filter.
  What are those shade filters on cameras called?  Oh, I know, yeah, I know what you're talking about,  I can't think of the name.
  There's this one picture with this woman right behind him  who's covered in his blood.
  It's like, which is I feel like a comedy movie TV trope now  where you get like a spray, you know what I'm saying?  Oh yeah, the cannon blast, yes, yeah.
  And she just looks so sad.
  She doesn't even look like horrified,  she just looks sad and she's covered in Fabio's blood.
  I mean, it looks like it's blood coming from,  it looks like it's maybe on his nose,  no, no, no, no, I take that back, it's on his cheek.
  The swelling is on his cheek,  but perhaps there's a little cut on his nose as well,  because that does look like where the origin  of the blood is.
  But you could see, like I guess if a goose hit,  the beak is sharp, the beak could cut you,  and I guess anything, hmm.
  Well, the fact that we have two stories now  where it was not the goose,  and think about how big a goose is.
  I think a goose would have done some serious damage.
  I think he'd be way more bruised.
  Well, I think for sure the goose wasn't full on  hitting him in the head.
  That's what we always thought it was.
  Yes.
  But if the goose hit the front of the, let's, okay,  the theory that the goose hit the front of the car  then hit Fabio, it would be decreasing in speed, right?  Like if the goose was going full flight speed  and Fabio was coming down the hill at the same speed,  I think that would be a worse incident  than if the goose is slowed by a bounce.
  It's a second bounce.
  He's getting hit by a bounce, goose.
  Mm-hmm.
  I think we can all determine it is not,  he was not hit by a first bounce goose.
  Fabio was not the first bounce.
  Jason, you're advocating for it's a second bounce.
  Well, I think the goose was a second bounce.
  They talked to a bird expert,  and one of the news clips talks to a bird expert,  and they're like, well, they're lucky a goose is pretty soft.
  I'm gonna go ahead and go reach out,  birds have hollow bones.
  Mm, good point, good point.
  So there's some softness added there.
  But had he had the goose eaten recently,  that impacts the weight as well.
  Yeah.
 If he's got like a full rat inside of him,  or if he's searching for food,  that definitely impacts the weight.
  Wait, you're applying a scenario  where a goose eats a full rat.
 A goose eats a rat.
  Yeah, goose eat, I know a lot about animals.
  Now that's a story I wanna hear on NCR.
  He eats rats, right?  What, I don't know, what do they eat?  Have a.
.
.
 Berries, nuts, leaves, I think.
  Rats.
 Rats.
  Maybe small things.
  Have we seen.
.
.
 Why not?  They don't really have teeth.
  Gulling a full rat.
  Goose gulping a full rat.
  It dissipates inside its body.
  Yeah, there's no chewing involved.
  Okay, I have a picture here of him bloody on the coaster,  and we should be able to see if the camera's there or not.
  Mm-hmm.
  Let me see here.
  Well, the camera's there.
  You can watch that in the AT footage.
  But he said, what did he describe it as?  As it split in half?  Oh, wait a minute, you're talking about,  oh, after the.
.
.
  Oh, wait, when it came back.
  Right, I'm saying we should be able to see  if the camera looks like it was damaged.
  I have a photo here,  but there's not a good high-res of it,  but he's bloody already,  and it's a pretty good view  if I can find a higher-res picture of it.
  Mm-hmm.
  Side issue, okay, we're unpacking that,  but I've just Googled do geese eat rats,  and yes, they do.
  Perhaps babies might be a baby.
  I don't know if they could gum up a full rat,  but according to poultrypages.
com,  but now who's funding poultrypages?  Wait, so that's saying they could or they couldn't?  They do eat baby rats.
  A baby rat, okay, yeah.
  Well, they don't have to eat them, so gumming a baby.
  Baby rat, I'll, yeah, that makes sense to me.
  This is a fair compromise between us,  like baby poultrypages.
  Jeff Bezos owns poultrypages now.
  He purchased it.
  The poultrypages employees write for $3 an article,  and it's a tough lie.
  They aren't allowed to go to the bathroom.
  There is Epstein Black Book entry for poultrypages,  so that adds another wrench.
  This picture.
  Poultrypages had so many positive articles about Epstein.
  This picture is too low-res for me  to be able to tell what's wrong.
  I mean, I have a picture of,  it's right here, that's it.
  Okay.
  I can't tell if.
  Oh, it's so pixelated.
  I know.
  I'm trying to see if this.
  This is a lot like, if you guys watch the documentary  about the guy getting acquitted of murder  because he was on camera in a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode.
  Yes, yeah.
  And they needed higher-resolution cameras  to prove his in it because the regular  stadium cameras weren't gonna do it.
  This is where we're at.
  We need better, and there were so many cameras  filming the whole thing.
  Right.
  Why have we only been given, this is what I'm asking,  why have we only been given the one AP feed,  and why have we never seen, if there was a camera,  maybe the camera was damaged,  so we wouldn't be able to see that footage.
  Well, I think I, so,  okay, I think there's a couple reasons on this.
  One, probably some local outlets had footage,  but the AP wire was probably gonna syndicate a lot of it.
  Yeah.
  That's where the more local, yeah,  like Fox, Fox in Las Vegas or whatever  is cutting down from the AP footage.
  Yeah, so, I mean, this very quickly shifted  from minor celebrity, novel celebrity news  to the oddly enough section,  or in the case of the free press,  the newspaper A1, front page, front and center.
  Why not?  For the local paper.
  A reporter who was there wrote an article  about their experience,  and 20 years later, they did a retrospective last year.
  Oh.
  And he said, me?  I did okay that day.
  I went to Busch Gardens with a story  that was slated to run on the bottom of page B2,  and I came back with an A1 centerpiece  that moved on the national wires.
  That story would take third place  in that year's Virginia Press Association  judging for spot news stories.
  So what was first?  To this day, I half-jokingly describe  it as one of the greatest days of my journalistic career.
  So like, are you mad?  Fabio's suffering, and these poor women  getting blood on their face.
  This is a death merchant,  this third place Virginia news winner.
  If it bleeds, it leads.
  If it bleeds, it leads.
  He's praying, this guy's praying for the Iran War now.
  He wants chaos.
  Okay, so here's Fabio on a throne.
  So this is the ceremony where he's got.
  I've never seen this.
  Yeah, that's him in the ceremony.
  He's in like a throne, and he has a cape with the khakis.
  Are they jeans?  Well, this is great to see.
  All right, this is when it was just pure fun.
  So here they're getting on the ride now.
  First of all, I always thought he was always 50.
  He's 38 years old here.
  He's not far away from our ages.
  It's like a different species.
  There's still time, start growing your hair out.
  And that's fair.
  Start getting jacked.
  I will get jacked.
  I wanna take HGH.
  I've been dying to.
  I haven't seen this footage honestly.
  Okay, so we're.
  But this footage caught out the part  where there is a camera in the front.
  I think they're avoiding.
  So there's the drop from behind.
  It should happen.
  It should happen right there.
  And it has happened here.
  But there's that camera.
  Where is it now?  Yeah, hold on.
  Let's see if there's any wider shot from it.
  He's obviously upset.
  Everyone is like worried and confused.
  There we go.
  We should have it right here.
  There's the camera.
  Okay.
  I can't tell how much of it's there or not.
  It looks like most of it.
  I think it's still there.
  I have a still of that.
  It looks like it's still there.
  Does it not?  It could have been the front.
  What do you call it?  It could be a piece of glass  flew out of the front or something.
  That's what I think.
  But maybe the entire thing wasn't hit.
  Right, because it looks like most of it is intact.
  Interesting.
  That's, I mean, that's pretty close.
  That's probably as good as we're gonna get.
  I think so, yeah.
  And we can analyze this frame by frame.
  Also, if you keep playing it,  watch the faces of the children who have to see this.
  This is really a part worth watching.
  And the poor women next to him.
  The woman next to him is so distressed.
  The one over his left shoulder is the one  who's really covered in blood and disturbed.
  Back and to the left.
  Back and to the left.
  Back and to the left.
  Because you would think if the whole camera came apart,  and he said what, broken half?  I mean.
 That's clearly bullshit.
  Like.
 That couldn't be.
  We may not be able to trust his part.
  It might be part of the lens  or what's the plastic thing that kind of goes around.
  If you got hit in the head with a full camera.
  It was not the full camera.
  I think it was a slice.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  A little piece.
  I mean, it looks like a little piece of him hit it.
  Like, cause he has a bruise on his right cheek  and he might have a cut on his nose.
  So a piece this big, you know, is probably what hit him.
  Yeah.
  And I'm making, you know, two inch, you know,  with my fingers right now for the listeners.
  I think so.
  I think he has exaggerated this  and I think he's ignored it  so that he could give that scary safety warning.
  But I think can we all, are we all in agreement here  that a goose did not hit Fabio in the face?  Huh.
  I'm, it's probably right.
  Cause the chances, if this goose hits the roller coaster,  it's like, it's not gonna hit.
  How would it hit straight up?  It's not like a ping pong ball.
  It's not like a pinball.
  Yeah.
  If it hit, I mean, I guess if it hit,  I'm trying to think of it.
  It just seems like so impossible.
  The whole thing obviously seems impossible  but it actually seems like the bird  should hit people more on these things.
  Yeah.
  It's almost weird it doesn't happen.
  Yeah.
  I'd also like to point out the issue of pond proximity.
  I watched a ride through of this ride  and you were next to ponds the entire time.
  Yeah.
  It is not, it is with that, it is strange  this doesn't happen more often  but it was an accident waiting to happen  and that's why Fabio issued that grave warning  to all the children of Williamsburg.
  A person could be hurt or even a child.
  Even a child.
  Even a child.
  What I'm mainly getting at  and I think we can split here  and I think until we get every piece of footage,  until we get all the camera feeds that were there,  until we get security camera footage  and until we get the holy grail,  the footage from the camera mounted to the front of the car,  we can't ever know the entire story.
  Uh-huh.
  There's one important piece to me.
  Yeah.
  And that is this.
  By the time this story was filtered through the media,  by the time it made it to the late night comedians  of the world, the take clearly was Fabio,  who is a big lunk of a man.
  Yeah.
  That his huge dumb head was of such girth  that it shattered a goose into pieces.
  Am I correct that this was kind of the feeling and the feel?  Yeah.
 Kind of.
  I mean, yeah, the late night hosts had a field day with it,  but it's even the newspaper articles are so mean  and condescending.
  Yes, yeah.
  Even more so.
  You expect it from the comedians.
  That's their bread and butter.
  Jay Leno, what did Jay Leno say?  A collision between bird brains.
  How dare you, sir.
  He also said,  bookstores are now carrying the Autobahn field guide  to birds stuck in Fabio's head.
  But the.
  That's so strange.
  By the way, what's playing right now is more raw footage.
  Yeah, this is what he's saying.
  I'll keep an eye on this.
  Yeah, yeah, I'm not saying it's.
  Chatting.
  Now I believe, am I correct that Kevin Eubanks  then added that's cold Jay?  I mean, I can't.
  That's not documented.
  I can't account for that.
  I'd have to get out my complete Jay Leno Tonight Show box set.
  500 DVDs.
  I think I might buy it.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  He's about to take off.
  Take a look up the LA Times article about this.
  I think it's the worst, the worst offender.
  I mean, the headline alone,  Fabio survives goose encounter, but take a gander at his honker.
  All right.
  So we do have a good view of the camera before right there.
  Which what footage is that?  What's the source of this footage?  This is CBS six video vault, March 30th,  raw video of bird bloodying Fabio at Busch Gardens.
  OK, it's from the CBS.
  Now he's back.
  It cuts out some of the middle is really where it lies.
  So this one cut out.
  It's certainly not a shattered camera that much we can we can tell.
  I'm just saying I have some sympathy for this man.
  Sure.
 Because I always viewed the coverage of this  as criticism of him for having too big of a head.
  Yes.
 This guy got so stupidly jacked and dares to be a celebrity.
  And then it was bound to happen  that he was going to blow a goose to Kingdom Come.
  Yes.
 Big Lunk Melon.
  But that is not what happened.
  Here's some camera.
  It's the same sort of footage.
  Look at this.
 His head is not much higher than these girls.
  No, he said comfortably in the seat.
  Fabio, I think anyone in the center, this could have happened.
  Yes, Fabio.
 I mean, the IP, the viewfinder is still comfortably on the camera.
  I can see that clearly.
  Mm hmm.
 I don't know.
  Maybe a piece of it.
  He didn't lose his watch.
  We can see this.
  He sells his watch.
 His wristwatch is still there.
  Any any other thoughts from the media, Jason?  Well, the L.
A.
 Times.
  I'll just read their lead because it's it's a good example.
  Duck Duck Goose.
  The laws of physics are so mysterious.
  We always assume that if we were traveling 73 miles per hour  and collide it with, say, a small bowling ball, we'd be dead.
  So and they go on.
  They talk to a physics professor, Roger McWilliams, a physics professor  at UC Irvine.
  He attributed Fabio's survival to momentum transfer.
  Quote, since the goose is mushy, it could squash and diffuse the impact  like a crush zone in a car, he said.
  However, if it had been a brick, Fabio would be the crush zone.
  This is fascinating.
  But why would a brick be flying in the path of?  A goose.
  If somebody had thrown it, if a goose had dropped a brick.
  This is the best footage so far of seeing it up close, because this is slow mowing.
  Yeah, it's very clear.
  And it's very clear that the most majority of the camera, at least, is intact.
  You can see the eyepiece.
  You can see the top of it.
  And this is some yellow tape seemingly all over.
  Is that a microphone like duct tape down?  But still, why is that footage not available anywhere?  And I think the answer is Bush Gardens Legal squashed it.
  They have the tape.
 They threw it in a pond as soon as this happened.
  See, I know the problem with that is that I did read that Bush  Gardens panicked after this.
  Yeah, they don't want they did not want this.
  They don't want that new ride.
  I think it was their first.
  So Bush Gardens owns that footage.
  Yeah.
 But even if the camera didn't break apart,  Bush Gardens doesn't want that getting out.
  No, because it would be graph.
  So both ways is the motive for both of the things would be true.
  Even if the camera didn't break apart, they're like,  we're not releasing the footage of a bird hitting him in the head.
  Oh, yes, no matter what.
  Well, let's also keep in mind the manufacturer.
  This was the first BNM hyper coaster.
  They probably don't want footage out there of like this is our first hyper  first giant coaster.
  And I relearned that hyper coaster is higher than 200 feet.
  Giga coaster is higher than 300 feet.
  OK.
 Huh.
  So it's a hyper.
 It's a hyper, not a giga.
  Yeah, this is 19.
  I think this is from April 16th, 1999.
  This is when Fabio warns of roller coaster danger.
 Yeah.
  So if this is a way to if I'm realizing if this had been a giga  and it had been a brick, then Fabio would have been this mega crush zone.
  Oh, it was for sure.
 It would have been the crush zone there.
  Here's another another thing in the L.
A.
  Times or this one.
 I'm talking about the meanness.
  Another scientist, Ronald J.
  Stern of UC Irvine, wondered if Fabio's physique was a factor.
  Does he have a thick skull?  Stern asked by his profession, that might be the case.
  What are you doing, man?  Well, what are you doing?  Why are you being that's cruel?  I'm defending against the idea that his brawn caused this in any way.
  It's not OK.
 It is jealousy.
  Yes.
 Everyone wants to look like him.
  That guy wishes he was on romance novel covers.
 Yes.
  He wishes he showed up ironically in some celebrity  fit club type thing once every year and a half.
  It does feel like that was the 90s was like, you know, fuck Fabio.
  He's jacked and handsome.
  Yeah.
 And like whatever.
  He's not the most I don't know how.
  Maybe he's smart guy.
 I don't know.
  But I looked up Fabio accused there was nothing.
  It doesn't seem like he's got any things going on that are bad.
  No, I don't think so.
  Now I feel a little bit less bad for him because he does go on Fox News  every once in a while.
 All right.
  Maybe he's a top supporter.
  Well, he hasn't talked about Trump much, but he's talked about how California  is going to shit because of liberalism.
  Oh, OK.
 And about like his madness out there and Jerry Brown.
  He has let the criminal out and the rapist is on the street.
  He's for sure a Trump supporter.
  Yeah.
 This is one of these stories, by the way, side note,  had the strangest premise where Tucker Carlson setting it up and saying like  you know, Hollywood has always been a promised land for  buff Europeans from Arnold's to Jean Claude Van Damme to Dolph Lundgren.
  It seems like half the continent moved here.
  But now things are with the rise of liberalism.
  Like, OK, those are three good examples.
  Name one more.
  Your premise is that because of liberal Jerry Brown,  things are tough for brawny Europeans.
  You'll be saying I can't believe it's still a state.
  All right.
 So anyway, he hasn't there's no me too yet about him,  but he for sure likes Trump and he's probably I think he probably sucks.
  Probably not a great guy, but he's not I don't think he there's no me too.
  There's no Q.
 There was no like, yeah, he hasn't had to go away.
  And I just like him on.
 Sure.
  Well, these guys are just complaining that to pay more in taxes.
  And that is usually what it is.
 They've made a lot of money.
  Well, move to Williamsburg.
  Yeah, I'm looking through in there.
  I was looking through his.
  I assume you look through his IMDb and all of the times he's played Fabio.
  You're incorrect in that assumption.
  Actually, that seems like something you would just know off the top of your head.
  I don't.
 Yeah, I don't have a lot of that.
  Go for it.
 I mean, OK.
  So just this is a little this is a little snippet.
  Tell me if you want the music, by the way, or if you just want to freestyle.
  Give me the music.
 I think the music.
  Yeah, let me assume.
 Let's continue the investigation.
  I'll do a little improv off the top of my head to intro this.
  It turned out Fabio had been in a lot of different projects.
  Builders himself, Fabio credited as Fabio.
  Let me list a few of them for you now.
  The crew TV series, 1995, Fabio playing Fabio,  Jill Sebul, I Kissed a Girl, short film, 1995, Fabio as Fabio,  1996, Spy Hard, Fabio playing Fabio,  the movie, Eddie, 1996, Fabio,  would be going for Fabio, I believe so.
  I should double check that step by step TV series, 1997, Fabio playing Fabio,  2000, Dude, Where's My Car, Fabio playing Fabio.
  Zoolander, 2001, Fabio playing Fabio.
  And I could go on like that.
  It was then that I started to wonder, was all of this  just a contrived publicity incident in order to let him stock up on more cameos?  How many times could Fabio possibly play Fabio?  Did he, like a roller coaster that was coming back to the station,  feel like his career was losing steam?  I'm Scott Gardner.
 This is Goose Chase.
  I'm seeing Hollywood Sex Wars 2011, Fabio plays Fabio.
  Is he in the hologram theater anywhere?  Alki David's hologram theater?  Oh, that's a good question.
  He's in Sharknado 5, Global Swarming.
  Fabio.
 Oh, OK.
  Man, that's random as hell.
  It's always funny.
  He, you know, here's what looks to be his like longest running role.
  He was on the show Acapulco Heat.
  Yes.
 And he was Claudio on Acapulco Heat.
  So he was playing a different character.
  Claudio.
  Fabio is Claudio.
  I recently discovered is available on Amazon.
  I'd never heard of it before.
  And when the credits came up and revealed that Fabio was the discovery  that Fabio was in the show was extremely exciting.
  Yeah.
 I have to read that.
  Acapulco Heat is one of those where it's an acronym.
  It's H-E-A-T.
  And that stands for Hemisphere Emergency Action Team.
  You know, models and photographers posing as anti-terrorism.
  On the occasion when on the occasion when I have a meeting in Hollywood  and I try to throw out ideas of like stuff because, you know,  everything's garbage and it's a repeat of something.
  I'm going to add Acapulco Heat to the conversation.
  Let's bring Acapulco Heat back.
  Who's our who's who would take over as Claudio?  I think we got to bring him back.
  It can only be him like James Earl Jones is Mufasa.
  Well, you always bring back one from the old one as a mentor.
  Oh, yeah.
 Well, we got Claudio and Claudio Junior.
  Who's Claudio Junior now?  Who's Claudio Junior?  I mean, I want to say Momoa is too big for this, but maybe a lure  of continuing the Claudio Claudio part would be enough.
  That's interesting.
  Money probably wouldn't be the money wouldn't be great.
  Right.
 I haven't watched a little bit.
  Maybe the way I got it.
  What if Claudio's son isn't like Claudio?  So it's a conflict.
  Oh, what if Claudio's son is played by Jason Sheridan?  Well, I love the word, you know,  and you can turn then you can turn Fabio from a right wing guy  into a left wing guy.
 Yeah.
  So you'll be you'll rub off on him on set.
  Dad, Claudio, I give him the music.
  This is going to be the speech.
  Not quite appropriate.
  Is this my speech to Fabio or am I in character as Claudio Junior?  You are off.
 You are on set, but you're not doing the scene.
  You're explaining to Fabio that he's wrong about his views, his political views.
  You know, from your it's almost like you sit on Mount Olympus, Mr.
  Fabio, and from up there, it can be hard to look down and see  so many people suffering when you are doing so well.
  And, you know, you you can be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
  You know, I just think a better world is possible.
  You know, I see what you're saying, Jason.
  That's why I think the first season of Acapulco Heat 2.
0 needs  needs to come to terms with the chaos that the original Acapulco  Heat team caused, overthrowing governments, assassinating heads of state.
  You know, I see your point, Jason.
  I could not.
  I could not have a finer actor playing my son.
  They hug a tender hug.
  Hey, can I have a bite of your hot dog?  You know, I haven't really eaten today.
  And I just look really good.
  OK, all right.
  Take a bite from the other end.
  Hey, all right.
  I thought you were an action description.
  And then a goose flies in,  a goose flies in, steals the hot dog, does a loop around and I kill that.
  No, no ping pongs off Fabio's head into Jason's head.
  Well, I had but I see.
  Oh, you see it coming.
  I deliver the you get ahead of it.
  Jason kills a goose.
  By the way, we should say, you know what?  Sad, the goose died.
  I don't want a goose to die.
  Oh, yeah.
 No matter what.
  Yes, it didn't.
  Oh, really? You're a complete goose truther.
  Yeah, maybe not.
  So you think maybe it was all camera.
  We should say what we all think happened now.
  What is our official guess of what happened?  And then we'll have to obviously do Fabio to to figure out.
  We get all of these camera feeds.
 Right.
  From our new connections at the AP.
  Does anyone because we know we get e-mailed from time to time from people.
  Does anyone work at a bush gardens that is listening right now?  Is there a dusty, poorly organized media library?  Yeah.
 There's a Zapruder tape.
  Get into the vault.
  Hack the vault.
 Hack the vault.
  I mean, I would think at this point, they're not like so worried about this.
  So maybe it's the tapes lying around.
  What if they get into the vaults and then open a drawer  that says super top secret don't open.
  And then inside is another drawer mega super please under threat of death.
  Do not open.
  And then they open that drawer and inside is the goose.
  Oh, my God.
 The dead goose.
  No, no, no.
 He's alive.
 Whoa.
  They've been keeping him under his control.
  They've been keeping the goose artificially alive.
  Is the how long do geese live?  Probably depends on how many rats they eat.
  But they've been like pumping the goose full of like steroids  and nutrients to keep it alive.
  Yeah.
 Just so like no one can.
  So it doesn't talk.
 So it doesn't talk.
  I mean, I don't know how it would.
  Well, goose might have come.
  It might have returned to the scene of the crime and then just kind of done  circles around the coaster and squawked and squawked as if to say, you know,  there's there's smoke here.
 There could be fire.
  Yeah.
 If a pet psychic got a hold of it,  then that would it would be curtains for Busch Gardens.
  He's describing a terrible memory, a memory of hitting a man's face.
  Wait, no, no, no.
  He's telling more hitting on the way to a man's face a camera.
  Wait, no, he's talking about being perched on the ground  and watching a camera just become dislodged and then being pinned on him.
  No, because Busch Gardens employee swooping the goose up,  covering it with fake blood and then saying, I found the goose  ringing its neck, ringing its neck.
  Oh, no, it's dead.
 It's dead.
  It's definitely dead.
  Let's go take this to our incinerator.
  I suppose improperly meaning that they're really not keep them alive forever.
  I had some I teased earlier.
  I have some stuff that was happening in the world at the time.
  Oh, yeah.
 Could I get the music? Yeah.
  OK.
 All right.
  Jason Sheridan has the story.
  What does he?  Spring of 1999 was already a crazy time  for the state of the world.
  March 29th, the Dow Jones, Dow Jones industrial average  gets above 10,000 for the first time ever.
  March 31st, 10 Things I Hate About You released into theaters.
  April 1st.
  None of it becomes a Canadian territory carved out of Northwest Territories.
  April 4th, Jack Ma pounds the company Alibaba.
  China's answered Amazon.
  Most importantly, April 3rd, Sam Kiska is born in Frankenmuth, Michigan.
  You go on to be the bass player of Greta Van Fleet.
  And.
  Well, motherfucker, just turn 20 was about to turn 21.
  Want to feel old bass player for Greta Van Fleet was born  just after the Fabio Goose incident.
  So we haven't really looked into who were the Fabio babies  who are the parents made love after seeing that news story.
  Who got the either word it like  it needed the comfort needed of the comfort of a human body  after being so shaken up by that incident or the perverse people  who were happy that this happened to Fabio.
  And I bet it was the fucking journalists.
  I think with those with that blood lust, they turned it into literal lust.
  I mean, I feel alive.
  I've just written the best piece of my life.
  That was the best day of my life.
  Let's fuck.
  I think when years later, I think there's a third.
  There's a third category of housewife  who is reading Fabio's romance novels already.
  Saw that saw the hunky man, saw him covered in blood.
  And imagine he was just in some sort of a pirate fight.
  Like imagine now seeing him in real life like he was in combat,  like he is on the cover of many of his romance novels where he's on  holding a woman on a pirate ship.
  Oh, sure.
  You know, it's a good little shipping we could do, actually, is the  the goddess directly behind him.
  You got it like Charlie Sheen's goddesses.
  The first thing I think of when you say that.
  That's right.
  I didn't call him a goddess, did he?  I believe he did.
 Right.
  Angel.
 I got so much energy.
  I got to call these angels.
  I got goose blood energy, man.
  I got Fabio blood energy winning.
  Yeah, he called him the goddess.
  Charlie called him the goddess.
  Yeah.
  Well, whatever you want to cut the you know, like the woman in the in the Roman  drape behind him who was called the goddess from the.
  All right.
 The goddess.
  Because think about that.
  His he did potentially save by taking that blow, whether it was goose or camera.
  He did potentially save a woman.
  If there had been nobody there or a shorter person there.
  This is where we have to say his brawn was a good thing because it protected  an innocent woman who just wanted to be part of the photo op.
  And so it's a little fun to think about them right after, like, are you OK?  Right.
 No, but are you OK?  Don't worry about me.
  I am more concerned with you.
  It does not matter.
  The you have one speck of goose blood on your face or maybe my blood.
  Let me wipe it off.
  And then that's such a tender process and becomes kind of like a ghost sequence.
  Yeah.
 It is funny, as soon as you were describing that before he said ghost,  I thought, oh, it's like ghost, except for blood wiping off in that pottery.
  Have a paper cup of slice to cool down.
  That's something you would say to you, too.
  That's your fantasy of you working with them.
  Jason, have a paper cup of slice.
  Let's find somewhere private, perhaps the dry off station of Roman rapids  and then the steam and the heat of the Roman rapids.
  Let us go enjoy the dining experience that in the mid  90s was all the rage and theme parks, salad bars.
  Right.
 That's my memory of a lot of the parts.
  I think a lot of salad bars at the time.
  And he Armageddon style lovingly runs a cherry tomato up her chest.
  Then he removes her tunic  and she removes his denim long sleeve shirt,  thick long sleeve denim shirt,  and then gives him the cape here.
  Oh, yeah.
 Where this.
  Hmm.
 You don't know how I'm going to keep going.
  I'm so excited now.
  Oh, do we know who was playing all of the goddesses?  Hmm.
 I don't think so.
  We should look at it like they're just employees actors or where they.
  Yeah.
 But garden employees.
  Like just like, come on, can you put the tunic on a casting call in?  Because they're all very they're all sort of similar height and hairstyle.
  Oh, it seems kind of coordinate.
  A local casting call then, I guess.
  Yeah, that's that makes sense backstage.
  Yeah, you would have been checking the listings and backstage.
  They were all in a Williamsburg local performance of a funny thing  happened on the way to the forum.
  So they brought the costumes themselves.
  Hey, I would say in this case, a really funny thing happened  on the way to the forum at comedy tonight.
  Hey, that is up there.
  That's really you.
  Oh, boy.
 Any remaining thoughts about this?  That, you know, how this is impacted  or has remained in pop culture.
  Oh, I should say Dylan Sprouse of is he the one who's on  Riverdale or to the other is Jughead.
  OK, that's not Cole or oh, I'm sorry.
  Yes, the brothers.
  Ah, fuck.
 I forget this.
  I'll look it up.
  I believe it was Dylan.
  Dylan Sprouse, formerly of Zach and Daddy and Big Daddy,  did a Halloween costume where he was in kind of an open shirt.
  He had long blonde hair and he just like threw a bunch of blood on his face.
  Right.
 So that was a recent reprisal.
  Jason, you were saying, yeah, a friend of mine,  Jesse Weinberg, a very funny comedian at UCB, an artist  as sells a print.
  She drew a print and T-shirt of the the incident.
  Oh, he looks glorious.
  Buy online.
 Yeah, it's kind of it's an idealized version,  you know, a dreamlike version.
  The goddesses aren't there.
  The goddesses aren't there.
 Yeah.
  You can find that at Jesse Weinberg, art dot Etsy dot com.
  Just a plug for her.
  Well, yeah, yeah, that that looks very cool.
  I agree.
  And of course, Apollo's Chariot continues to run  and in fact, celebrated its anniversary to celebrate  the park served Apollo's Chariot birthday cake,  purple kettle corn and giant Apollo's doughnuts in the England area,  as well as a pineapple and berry waffle cone sundae,  which was available at Roman Fries.
  You know, I think that's great.
  I think it's it's the place are getting really creative  with some of their limited run food.
  And I like that.
  I know that was done.
 Oh, sorry.
  Team parks are getting more and more creative with limited run  dining options, much with tied to the rise of Instagram  and social media.
  But sometimes you can find a real winner in among them.
  Give it a shot.
  Why run from this history?  Why not try a novelty dessert that looks like a goose  exploded on Fabio's face?  Cherry blood.
  A meringue goose  and inside a chocolate rat.
  Why are they why are they running from their legacy? Embrace it.
  This ride shouldn't be called Apollo's Chariot.
  It should be called Fabio's Goose Wagon.
  You have a bit of a plus up on that.
  Is there a better if they were going to if they were just going to like  because people are going on this and thinking this is right.
  Where it happened.
  There's a how we call it the crimson mask, Fabio's Crimson Mask.
  That's pretty good.
  Paint it red.
  There was that goose game, the video game where you played a goose  and you went around and title goose game, untitled goose game.
  Yeah, probably get.
  So you want to put IP on it.
 Yeah.
  Fabio's Crimson Mask.
  And then at Halloween time, there's like some sinister.
  There should be a big animatronic goose that chases you red.
  They should use drone technology.
  Oh, that's good.
 Yeah.
  This incident.
  And it's kind of a demon goose who's following you around  and trying to hit you and you wear a reindeer car.
  And you they you put on this like ponchos before and then they splatter on you.
  They could splatter blood from the front of the car.
  They blow a little like air cannon.
 Yeah.
  What about this?  What if the line was like a temple of like an ancient god?  Uh, and he he he's mad.
  You're there and you have to escape.
  So like you get looted in the car and you hear like, get out of my temple.
  And then real loud, you hear, huh?  And then and then you are you go on it.
  Well, it's not a launch.
 That'd be great for a launch.
  Release the goose, release the goose.
  You have to get have a giant goose  or like the the impression of a giant.
 Right.
  I've here's a plus up.
  You have some sort of red light that only happens.
  So you shoot water instead of blood because people want to get sprayed with fake blood.
  But the red light hits the car as soon as the spray happens.
  So it from your vantage point, it looks like red coming at you.
  That's really cool.
 They just flash it right then.
  If they can time it perfectly, then it makes it look like blood is about to hit you.
  Wow.
 But then it's not.
  And then when you are on the end of the ride, it's like red.
  And it makes it kind of look like you're wet with red blood.
  Geeze.
 And then a bunch of animatronic  goddesses all applaud back.
  You made it out safely.
  That's good.
 Have sex in the dry off tent.
  Mm hmm.
 The chill out tent.
  This is a hell of a ride.
  Wow.
 A hell of a ride to to talk about this.
  Yeah, I think I didn't expect to start an episode about  the Fabio getting hit in the face by goose and discover that possibly  Fabio was not in the face, but I will go I will say I don't think he was.
  You don't think that? OK, yeah, let's let's sum up right now.
  What do we think happened?  Well, huh? I'm so conflicted.
  I you know, a lot of articles about this looking back on it  were very quick to point out that, like, you know, news moved a lot slower  at the time.
 There wasn't the viral Internet.
  This is right before the like Internet, the world of the Internet really exploded.
  So people seeing this a lot on late night or local news or in newspapers.
  And yeah, I don't know.
  I think it's still there's still clearly a fog of confusion  of something, even even these these trusted fact check  sources at the time, like something.
  What does your heart say?  Yeah, what does your heart say?  My gut is I think all your heart and my heart.
  OK, fine.
 My heart.
  My gut is saying, let's get some.
  You're hungry for goose.
  You're going to get a goose to celebrate this goose.
  It's not Christmas.
  Christmas.
 Did you ever have Christmas goose? No.
 OK.
  You're going to go buy a goose at butcher shop and then make Mike  cook it for us.
 And I thought about getting.
  I can't believe it's not butter on the way over.
  But I realized, like, oh, then what just gets stuck with a tub of it?  I know that's a good glaze, though.
  That's a good way.
  Oh, yeah.
 The tribute this incident is glazing goose.
  And I can't believe it's not butter.
  I think I could.
  I'm coming around more to the goose, hit the vehicle and then hit Fabio.
  Yeah, I think the camera.
  I don't know if it's him  misremembering either on accident or on purpose.
  I think goose hitting the camera piece of camera hitting Fabio.
  I don't I just don't buy that.
  Huh? I think that a goose is big.
  So a goose to do the damage on his face  would have had to like nick him more than full impact.
  Yeah, I think it barely touched him.
  If if if it's yes, if it's goose, it's it barely touches him  because he is going to bruise here and a little cut.
  So it does make more sense that a goose hit and a couple pieces flew off  bruising him and cutting him.
  Yeah, because I think if a goose hit his head,  it would have done more.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So I think probably a couple little pieces maybe fell off.
  He could have also been struck a little bit by the goose  and a little bit by the camera.
  Could have been a mix.
  That's the extra.
  That's maybe the way to make everyone happy.
  But I think our listeners,  uh, somebody's going to know more than we do.
  And I have a feeling we'll get some sort of inside source  or report about this to really clear it up.
  So I'm officially guessing I'm going to officially guess  it's a little piece of the camera was hit by the goose,  hit him in the face, sliced, hit here and here  because it only could have been a couple inches.
  You're right.
 I think your wrestling knowledge  factors into the type of of bleed.
  Yeah.
 Nose here.
  You don't usually blade on the nose.
  It's usually on the forehead.
  That's kind of where he got hit.
  But the nose bleeds a lot.
  I remember in gym class when we were swimming,  a kid had cut himself in the pool and didn't know it.
  And it was like right here, I think, on his like forehead and nose.
  And he got out of the pool and he had a full face of blood  and had no clue.
  And everyone's like, ah, and he's like, what? Yeah.
  So like, and it didn't hurt or anything.
  So, yes, I think I think camera piece makes more sense, honestly.
  I'm full camera.
  I think we would have seen that footage.
  And you think no goose at all.
  And I just know what they were.
  I think the goose at the camera.
 OK, you think goose.
  I think I think no goose at Fabio, because I think it would have been  more damage and I, you know, I'm more conspiratorial  than I used to be in a post-epstein world.
 Right.
  And the fact that they rushed out and that all the spokespeople said  act of God, they were really like push that.
  That feels like legalese to me.
  Yeah.
 And I just I call foul on this.
  Definitely legalese.
  I really could have laid into that like a newspaper report.
  I call foul.
  Well, I'll go back and edit it.
  So you had the song under it.
  Did they pay him for his silence or his agreement?  Oh, interesting.
 Did he sue or anything?  Yeah, like I think this was I think Act of God was a way to shut him up  and get him to not sue.
  Right, because I bet he has to sign a contract  because basically when you go into a theme park,  all the tickets are essentially saying act of God.
  We're not responsible.
  Obviously, people do get sued and stuff for things.
  But there is some sort of like basic going in agreement  that like, hey, if a bird hits you in the head, it's not our fault.
  I think they could have kicked him a little extra.
  They might have.
 Just as an apology.
  Very possible.
 Just as like a.
  They should have.
 Yeah.
  And whether or not it was an act of God, it is appropriate that it is  it happened on this ride that is about the gods.
  And I, you know, I you can.
  I don't want to read the whole thing.
  Although, well, here, you know what? Maybe with music.
  Yeah, yeah.
 This seems like a good way to to wind it down.
  Take us out.
 OK.
  Every morning, Apollo gets in his chariot and drives the sun across the sky.
  One morning, Apollo's son, a human named Faithion,  asked to steer the chariot and take the steed and the steeds on the journey.
  The sun god has his doubts, but let his son take the reins.
  Faithion's journey starts fine, but the horses soon take control.
  The sun ventures too close to Earth and then too close to the heavens,  scorching both realms.
  This was proof that no mere mortal could handle the power of Apollo's chariot.
  I'm Scott Gardner.
  This is Goose Chase.
  You survived podcast, the ride, Fabio Goose Incident Edition  for more three episodes monthly  at podcast, the ride, the second gate, as you know,  it's where you are right now.
  And of course, Goose Chase is sponsored by Squarespace  professional websites at the drop of a button.
  Squarespace, proud sponsor of Goose Chase.
  Thanks for listening.
  Hi, everyone.
  Shortly after recording this episode, we reached out to some of our high  ranking sources in the theme park world  to get another perspective on the Fabio story.
  We're butting in with an update.
  This is we're now talking to you weeks from having recorded the other one.
  So so this is we're we're we're we're we're buttoning in.
  We're jumping ahead in time.
  And we heard from someone who was not just there  that fateful day, but on the ride itself.
  Now they've asked for anonymity.
  So on the ride with the on the ride on on the train.
  Yeah, Fabio.
 So here they are now.
  I was there to say I've edited  a little for anonymity and clarity and brevity sake.
  Here's what they had to say.
  I haven't heard anyone saying anything about a piece of camera.
  It was definitely a Canadian goose that hit his face and exploded on impact,  which wasn't so good for the people in the rows behind him.
  You can see the innards on them in the photos.
  Ick the innards.
  The coaster used to have small lakes  by the bottom where the geese would hang out.
  The park paved over the lakes in the hope that a freak accident  like that wouldn't happen again.
  There was a camera mounted on the front car,  but that was intact before, during and after.
  Fabio was definitely in shock and just kept saying a bird over and over again.
  Whoa.
 Huh.
  So now we're thinking this this count contradicts all the Fabio story.
  The recent Fabio story.
  Yes.
 But which what doesn't seem like it was always his story.
  No.
 Yeah.
  In the day after the event, it seemed like the bird.
  Who got to him in the time from that Fox News interview to the time it happened?  Someone was trying to push a camera breaking agenda.
  Yeah, maybe so.
 Is there some other party here?  Like a PETA or something they don't want to put like, give the goose a bad name.
  Mm hmm.
 Huh.
  Yeah.
 What would be the reason?  Or somebody trying to prove that cameras are dangerous?  Somebody has a problem with cameras.
  The estate of Robert Reed, perhaps.
  Mm hmm.
 Trying to bolster his story.
  That's right.
 Famously, no one has believed.
 Right.
  So wait, this person was on this is one of the the nymphs, the goddesses,  the goddesses, because that's all that was on the train.
  And Fabio, we've spoken to one of the goddesses now.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 OK.
  This is interesting, because honestly, I think I was hoping this would just  completely clear it up.
  But now I have more questions about Fabio and his motivation.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's that's the next person we have to get to.
  Could it also just be memory?  Could it also just be like he has convinced himself for like the haze of memory?  You know, it's not as fun to think it's memory.
  Yeah.
 OK.
 But you're probably right.
  OK.
 It probably wraps this up.
  Probably didn't realize what was happening because he got hit in the head with a goose.
  So, you know.
  So that could have made him add false lenses in his way.
  Maybe he thinks, you know, what he probably thinks is like, I am so powerful,  a goose would never be able to do damage to me like this.
  It must have been like a hard piece of the camera that would wound a Fabio.
  But a bird high laugh at a bird.
  That's true.
 Would not cut me.
  But now you've got me thinking the Anheuser-Busch people could have gotten to him.
  You think those people told him to say the camera?  No, that doesn't make sense because they wanted the bird narrative, as we discussed.
  We've just we talked about this a couple of weeks ago, so I've forgotten exactly.
  But they wanted the bird because it was an act of God.
  They didn't want the camera because then they would be liable.
  And they're liable.
 Yeah.
  So the Bush people would that would be not their motivation.
  Hmm.
 It's hard to know who got to who.
  Right.
 The goose board, the camera board.
  There's a lot of boards at stake.
  And this has been 20 years since.
  So yeah, of time for like funds to be risen to give to Fabio.
  I don't want to go accusing one of the goddesses of having a false memory.
  No.
 All story.
 They have less to gain, I think.
 Right.
  Fabio is the one as we discussed, a sort of a right wing guy.
  Maybe he can be more easily manipulated.
  Do you remember what show he's been on on Fox News?  Can we tweet at a Fox News like Judge Carlson? Tucker Carlson.
  Can we tweet at Tucker Carlson next time he's on to ask about this?  Or Judge Napolitano?  Any of the celebrities on the judge?  Jeannie Judge Jeannie.
  Any of Steve Doocy?  Any of the stars of Fox News could ask Fabio about this?  Yeah.
 To clarify.
  That would be nice and show old clips and but, you know,  but they're going to also going to want to keep his story intact.
  Because he's their proof that California is going to shit  and that it's tough out there for a European hunk.
  Yeah.
  California didn't used to be in the 80s.
  That's true.
 The 80s was the time for European hunks.
  So we need to really maybe we need the other.
  We need Michael Moore to bum rush him or something.
  OK.
 Well, maybe after the election, we'll get to we'll take care of this.
  Sure.
 Rather solve it sooner than later.
  You know, you're right.
  Get him off the trail.
 Get him off the campaign trail.
  Get everyone into the room to solve the Fabio problem.
  Or you know what? Let's just is he on Twitter?  Oh, good question.
  We'll look into that.
 Look into that.
  Fabio, too, will be coming.
  I just wish I knew about all this during the I don't know that it happened.
  I assume he came in for a Funny or Die general meeting.
  And that would have been my chance.
  He didn't do a video, though.
  I think he did with John Daly.
  Oh, yes.
  But I don't know that he did a like, well, but he could have.
  They all did all of the like living joke people.
  Hasselhoff came in.
 Yes.
 Right.
  He passed out masks of himself.
  So why wouldn't Fabio have?  I don't know.
  Will we ever get in front of Fabio again? I don't know.
  Do we invite him on to talk about just a ride that he likes?  So Space Mountain, Space Mountain.
  I'm excited to talk to you about Space Mountain.
  You go flying as if through space.
  I don't like the one that put Star Wars ghosts in there.
  I don't like the ghost you take away from just the thrill of what even is.
  It goes galaxy.
  Ha ha.
 All right.
 Very fun.
  All right.
 Now, cut the shit.
  What really happened that day?  And you don't get to leave this apartment until so many fucking ways.
  You don't know which way is up.
  He stands up and he beats the shit out of all three of us and leaves.
  You can't beat up the truth, Fabio.
  Does Fabio he can be?  He's strong, but is he like a he's not a violent guy, though.
  He's a lover.
 So maybe I'm wrong.
  Maybe he wouldn't beat us.
 Maybe he wouldn't make love to us.
  He wouldn't fight us.
  You would fuck up.
  No, I just maybe.
  Yeah, maybe.
 I guess we couldn't handle that raw power.
  Probably not.
 No.
  Either way, he's going to leave us all like bloodied on the ground.
  And then if anybody asks what happened, you'll say it was a camera.
  If you have any for everything, if you out there have any theme park secrets,  the real dirt, the raw intelligence, feel free to reach out.
  Yeah.
 And we'll certainly keep you anonymous.
  I should set up a signal.
  Wouldn't that be very funny where the one podcast, the ride show with signal,  the encrypted messaging app journalists speak to their sources.
  I'm more reporter Jason stuff.
 Yeah, I know.
  You're talking.
 I had no clue.
  I thought you meant like a bat signal.
  I thought you meant like a thing in the sky.
  It essentially is.
  But if you ever look at a journalist like, you know, Twitter accounts,  they have their signal numbers in there.
  That's why you're a cub reporter.
  Yeah, you can't resist the cut.
  You can't deny the cub reporter role that you've set yourself up for.
  Sure.
 Are there elections in Anaheim this year?  That's a good question.
  Don't know.
 Let's take a look.
  We'll take a look.
  There's more.
 There were it wasn't all the city council seats, right? Right.
  That was up.
 That's what Bloomberg's running for now.
  He's got to go to got to take it somewhere.
  We'll spend two hundred million dollars to get on the city council of Anaheim.
  All right.
  Well, all right.
  Thanks for buttoning in with that.
  Boy, this story just gets goes deeper and deeper and deeper.
  Wild.
 All right.
 Bye.
