 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the second gate today containing  one of the stupidest experiments in the history of Podcast the Ride.
  I'm Scott Gardner going boldly where no man should ever go.
  Joined via satellite by Jason Sheridan.
  Yeah, I'm here.
  And Mike Carlson.
  I am here and I am terrified.
  The brave three, we really are like the Apollo 13 astronauts.
  We may regret boarding this mission or contemplating it, the hubris involved.
  Because what you're hearing right now is the Father of the Pride episode.
  And we'll talk about what Father of the Pride is, but the, you know,  we've talked about doing this for a long time.
  And for some reason we landed on rather than let's just kind of like be vaguely  aware of the show and, you know, kind of poke fun at some highlights of it.
  We landed on that we will be watching the series in its entirety.
  Yeah, I bought the DVD a number of months ago and because we said we were going to do this  and I was fully prepared for like the days leading up to it.
  I just watched like two or three at a time.
  But then the world changed and we, Scott, I think it was your idea to watch them all in one day  and check in on each other.
  I mean, it seemed like we were always heading to something like,  I feel like in my head all of the discussion of this has been that we would have to watch the entire series.
  And then the rise of coronavirus, yes, caused this to be a necessity, I feel.
  There's no choice, right?  I can't see how we have a choice here.
  Yeah, no, we're powerless to stop this.
  It's one of the, yes, there's ways that the world has changed indelibly.
  And one of them is that for sure we have to do all this in one day, check in from our separate apartments.
  Now, one good thing about it is that I think it would have been a little hellish to do this in person.
  I think we would have gotten truly sick of each other.
  And the way, doing it via satellite means we can have snacks, we can take a little break,  be with our significant others, we can watch it all in our underwear if we want.
  Yeah, I think this is going to be a lot more comfortable.
  I don't know, it might be a higher chance that we go completely mad, some sort of internalized madness.
  Yes.
  Like if we're not, I mean, I guess, yeah, there'll be a significant other route,  but I don't know if I'm going to make Lindsay watch this with me.
  I don't think I am.
  So I may just melt down alone on the couch is what I'm saying.
  Sure.
  Would you say you might be feeling like Larry when his father-in-law, Sarmati, moves in?  All right.
  As far as characters go, if that's a reference to the show we're about to watch, I don't know those characters.
  I know there's a character named Blake.
  I've seen Blake.
 Is that correct, Jason? Blake?  I think there's a Blake.
  I should say there's a shocking number of characters with known actors voicing them.
  It's an incredible voice cast.
  It's a truly robust, I feel like I'm cheating by having the Wikipedia in front of me.
  I think we all know John Goodman is the star,  but I'm being reminded by the Wikipedia that Carl Reiner is in this series.
  I want to be surprised, but I do have the Wikipedia open and I see something about Darryl Hannah.
  Darryl Hannah, I think we may be looking at a CGI Kelsey Grammer coming at some point.
  Oh my God.
  The random one that I flipped to has that, yes.
  I mean, maybe if we're getting into it, yeah, maybe this is a good time to say we wanted to check.
  We haven't started this yet.
  That's why our plan was to check in right at the top where this is as good of spirits as we're going to be in this episode.
  I thought we would just kind of corral all of the information that we know about this show.
  Now, the reason that I think it's memorable and why it came up the first time on the show is that  this show aired on NBC from 2004 to 2005.
  It was a single season show.
  I forget how many aired exactly.
  It aired for the first time in 2004.
  The show was being prepped for a number of years.
  According to Wikipedia, Jeffrey Katzenberg, the king of Quibi himself,  had this idea when he visited Siegfried and Roy's secret garden in 2002.
  So, 2002, they had the idea.
  2004, it airs.
  In 2003, Roy is attacked by one of his own white lions,  and they are still very deep budget-wise into this show.
  They are committed to it.
  It is far too late to stop it.
  So, they now, in 2004, had to air a series about the lions of two characters,  one of whom in real life was mauled by one of the lions.
  Yes, and Siegfried encouraged them.
  They pumped the brakes, and they're like,  can we not do this anymore?  And Siegfried said, no, we need to push ahead.
  This is important to us.
  This is important to Roy.
  Was the.
.
.
  Okay, so, wait.
  Was a lion that attacked Roy?  Yes.
  Yes?  And was it that.
.
.
  It was not Montecore.
  Montecore was the tiger.
  I don't think that Montecore is reflected in the series.
  I think it is all fictional lions.
  All right, that's, first of all, that's one huge strike against this show.
  It's crazy.
  See, I'm seeing White Tiger, that mauled Roy Horn, here, and it's Montecore.
  So, it was a tiger, but the show is about lions.
  I guess.
  I mean, as far.
.
.
  Again, I don't know much about the show, but I see, yes.
  380-pound White Tiger is Montecore, and that's the one who was involved in the attack.
  Do we think they changed it to lions just to put some distance?  I don't know.
  It's a good question.
  I mean, I assume they had a lot of different types of animals in the secret garden that  they apparently have in Las Vegas.
  I assume it's in Las Vegas.
  Well, they have a lot of everything.
  Like, reading about the production, they made a lot of sets, you know, in the computer.
  They made a lot of sets, a lot of props, a lot of original characters.
  And back in the early 2000s, that took an obscene amount of manpower and processing power to do CGI.
  That was probably some of the rationale behind, we can't cancel this thing.
  Yeah, because it was like.
.
.
  Yeah, they had built so many assets.
  I may have mentioned, I don't want to remind people his name in case he doesn't want to be associated with this,  but I do know someone who wrote to, for some extent, an onfather of the pride.
  And he joined kind of late in the process.
  And what he said was that were just like, he was showing the assets and it's just thousands and thousands of sets  and characters and animals, many of which weren't used.
  It was all rewritten so much that it was all thrown away.
  So what we're going to see is, you know, 10% of what was built for Father of the Pride.
  So maybe Montecori was involved before and they got him out of there?  Could have been, could have changed his name.
  I went on the Wikipedia, I did a little search for Tiger without trying to find out too much.
  And there is a Tiger character played by John O'Hurley, one of my favorite voice actors and a wonderful guy.
  He plays a character named Blake, who is a Tiger.
  So that is, yes, Blake that you mentioned is a Tiger and he is a rival of Larry played by John Goodman.
  I don't want to find out much more, but so there's like there's lion Tiger combativeness, apparently, in this series.
  So could perhaps Blake was like an analogous Montecori?  Definitely could.
  I think it's best for us to assume that he is Montecori and that all of the actions that we watch him do in the show are reflective of Montecori.
  I will not call Blake Blake.
 I will call him Montecori.
  We all know.
  So if you catch me saying Blake, correct me, please, because Montecori, I would like to think of it as Montecori.
  I would like to think of him as Montecori.
  Do you do you guys know?  And do you guys know, like, really like what the setting of the show is?  Like, if do we have any idea what a home base is at this point?  I do know.
  I don't.
 I do not know.
  I assume it's like I assume it's like their house.
  I assume it's like a big like palatial mansion in the deserts of Las Vegas.
  I don't know.
  Well, do you want to know?  No, I will find out is what we'll find out.
  I'm just like sussing out everyone's awareness of the series.
  I think what else do we do?  We know.
 I mean, we when the first time we talked about it on the show and I cannot remember why, but I know we discussed that that we're pretty confident that donkey from Shrek shows up in the show, that it ties the Father of the Pride does take place in the Shrek averse.
  Yeah, I don't want to spoil anything, but I believe he shows up in the episode solely titled Donkey.
  Oh, wow.
  That would add up.
  So he's a big part of it.
  He's a get.
 He's a big get.
  Yeah.
  Shrek characters for Fergal, Farkas and Felicia, perhaps.
  Oh, this is way before they were even a twinkle in Shrek's eye.
  Oh, yeah.
 Good point.
  Good point.
  That's I guess another important thing to note is that this very expensive series was done in the wake of Shrek mania and that Katzenberg was a golden boy and they're just throwing money as much as we can possibly throw at him to do this show as soon he will be post to the launch of Quibi.
  You may be hearing this after the launch of Quibi, and by that point we will.
  Everyone listening will have every Quibi show memorized.
  You will have watched every Daily Essential many times over because we are as ravenous as lions and tigers for Quibi content during this boring quarantine of Penta.
  We're really the caged animals.
  I think we might be able to relate to Larry, especially well.
  We're all in cages.
  No, Larry's the lion.
  Oh, Larry.
 Sorry, sorry.
  Yeah, but yes, Montecore.
  Yeah.
 Are we all going to be like Montecore and and like let our rage loose on this series by the time we've watched 13 of them?  Well, I like to think of the way when Roy, because after the fact Roy started to do some, you know, like damage control and say that Montecore was actually just trying to help him.
  So I'd like to think that I'm going to be more helpful in this situation than rageful, but we'll see.
  It's hard to know.
  I would guess some rage on at least one of our parts.
  And maybe we should explain how we're going to do this.
  We're going to take it four at a time.
  We're going to break it up.
  You know, it's sort of like the imagine us.
  This is the podcast equivalent of the climb and free solo.
  And we're, you know, we're going to like make it to a summit, make it through the various pitches.
  Let's think of the episodes as pitches climbing a cliff wall.
  And we're going to do one through four and then we're going to rest.
  And by rest, I mean, we're going to podcast about it for a little while and then go back and do five through eight.
  And then and then the final leg, the most harrowing, we're going to close with five.
  We're going to do episodes nine through 13.
  But there's there's some confusion in this because Mike and I will be going off of YouTube links.
  And if you want to follow along at home, you can also look it up on YouTube and we'll tell you what episodes we're doing.
  Jason's going off the DVD.
  And that's creating some chaos in terms of which episodes we watch and what is the true order of Father of the Pride?  Yeah, it seems like I mean, on Wikipedia, the list, the episode list, I think might be based off the DVD run order,  because if you look on that chart, it is not the list of air date order.
  Now, this said that used to be a very common TV thing that would just air episodes out of order.
  And then especially with new shows, they'd air episodes out of order and then be shocked that these shows weren't a big hit.
  I feel like so many shows where it's like, oh, that was a fun one or two season show.
  It's like, yeah, but then they just started airing the episodes in whatever order and they wouldn't make sense.
  Hmm.
 Hmm.
 That sounds like a problem.
 Well, so do we so we probably need to like check in here.
  Well, this is so confusing.
 I'm looking at the Wikipedia original pilot and then it says, no, this episode wasn't aired on US television.
  So where do we go? That episode was not aired on US television.
  And the Siegfried and Roy fantasy experience movie episode was not aired on US television.
  And then the episode titled The Lost Tale was never animated and is solely a storyboarded, you know, animatic on the DVD.
  So Lost Tale is off the table.
 We already said that.
  I think it has to be.
 If you if Jason, if you'd been able to deliver the DVD to us and like so that we could all rip it and then watch The Lost Tale.
  But we didn't have the foresight that, you know, the corona got out and we just we just had to act.
  So we are stuck with the YouTube links.
 Yeah, I'm should we go through the names?  Is that like, is that what we should do to make sure because I want to make sure I think the names, the episode names you mean?  Yeah, yeah, sorry.
 Yes.
 OK.
  OK, well, yeah, so let's just let's just decide what we're watching for block one.
  Yes.
 Why don't you let's maybe you have to dictate it as the keeper of the cleanest copy.
  Well, do you have the can you see that the user who uploaded all the YouTube ones?  I just want to make sure all of the ones that I'm seeing are available.
  That's that's a good point.
 Yes.
 We shouldn't name something that we don't have.
  OK, I am.
 Yeah, the user is Top Tunes and there's he certainly has a lot,  but the order seems wildly different than the Wikipedia.
  So, yeah, tell us and we'll make sure we got them all.
  Well, do you have original pilot? Does he have original pilot?  I don't know that we if it's just called that, I don't know that we have it.
  I think Top Tunes, because I looked at him earlier, I think he may have listed it in.
  He might have it as air date because he does he have episode one is what's black, white and depressed all over.
  Yes, correct.
 And that is episode two.
  Larry's debut and sweet Darryl Hannah, too.
 That's correct.
  OK, and then that would mean episode three is probably catnip and trust.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 Catnip and trust number three is the name.
  Yeah.
 Do you approve of this order or is this wildly different than what you're seeing?  Well, so on the original on the DVD menu, it kind of grows, goes in, I guess, the order of production.
  They have original pilot Sam Roddy moves in catnip and trust.
  But then they have one man's meat is another man's girlfriend.
  And then what's black and white and depressed all over.
  So I think for the sake of trying to replicate what 2004 America was like, we should go in the air date order, which I again think is Top Tunes is order.
  So why don't we say for the first block, it'll be what's black, white and depressed all over.
  Great.
 Then Larry's debut and sweet Darryl Hannah, too.
  Great.
 Go ahead.
 And then catnip and trust.
  Catnip and trust.
 Yeah, I've been trust.
  And then and the revolution continues.
  OK.
 OK.
  Revolution continues.
  So that will be our order if you're following along with it for some I think.
  How many of the people listening to this Patreon, you know, it's like getting close to 2000 people.
  But how many you think I want to say like five people might be doing this along with us.
  Mm hmm.
 So I'm like, right.
  Most people will say, yeah, you know what?  I'll hear what they say about it before I make a decision.
  Yeah, I'm sure by the end we'll have our highlights of like our our phases, you know.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So we can give you a Cliff Notes version and the ideal order, much as you would with with with Star Wars or with Twin Peaks.
  All the great pieces of art will be able to do it with Father of the Pride.
  We may have our own preferred order, I think, by the time this is done.
  Yeah, yeah, we'll confer on that.
  And of course, we already have our preferred naming system, which is that Blake is Montecor.
  Blake is Montecor.
 Yes.
  Blake is Montecor.
 And I'll put this on the table.
  Like, I'm not married to this, but like if if one of our breaks is like an extended lunch break, maybe I will I will suffer.
  Like maybe I will suffer and fall on the sword and watch the additional two unaired ones.
  Jesus.
 Just wait, wait a minute.
  Hold on.
 I think I know what's going on here.
  You want that lunch break to be longer than a normal lunch break.
  So you've stuck to TV shows lengths in there.
  So you get an extra hour of lunch.
  Well, these TV shows aren't very long.
  And also 35 minutes of lunch.
  I wouldn't say I have the biggest appetite at the moment.
  All right.
 Fair enough.
  But also, if we're just like, let's get this done, I don't have to do that.
  We'll discuss this.
 I can give an update on another episode or something.
  We'll see how we're doing.
  The first four might dictate how much more how much you want to watch more of this.
  That may be one more question before we start.
  Mike, you said you probably not going to make Lindsay do it.
  I think so far the plan is for Aaron, my wife, to do this in solidarity with me.
  And that's the plan because there is jack shit else to do in this world.
  So I think she's going to she's going to join.
  That's the plan now.
 But I could see her bending very quickly once she sees the quality of the CGI.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah, we'll we'll update you on on on viewing patterns.
  Yeah, I my girlfriend, Jane, is watching this with me.
  She has decided to do this journey with me to nice to nice to have support.
  Is she excited? Are you excited?  Yeah, because I'm pretty stoned.
  She says she says yes, because she's stoned.
  That'll help.
 That will certainly help.
  OK, then, well, gentlemen, we'll let's all talk.
  We'll figure out it.
 So let's just text each other when we're heading towards the end.
  But I'll talk to you soon.
  I'll see you see on the other side of the moon here.
  We should at the summit.
 All right.
 Great.
  And break, break.
  Well, we're back.
  We haven't talked at all.
  Let me just say this.
  I'd like to quote the downtown Disney ordeal theme and just say, why do we do this to ourselves?  This is what no one was even like asking for this one really or for this to be done in this way.
  I well, I mean, yeah, not in this way.
  I think somebody actually I was just Twitch streaming yesterday.
  I was playing a video game.
  Somebody did ask for Father of the Pride.
  But no one said why you should punish yourself with Father of the Pride in a short amount of time.
  Mm hmm.
 But when the alternate option is Twitch streaming, you know, look, we're all the bar of how we can entertain ourselves has been significantly lowered.
  And I don't know.
 I think, you know, why not attempts to really rapidly rot our brains?  Yeah, for sure.
  Yeah.
 I do want to get ahead.
  I do have to apologize.
  The last episode we watched in this block and the revolution continues, I believe it was called the lobster one that that technically aired after donkey.
  I had the air dates transposed on that.
  So the first block in episode the first episode in block two that we're going to watch would actually be the fourth episode airing in sequence.
  That said, I think it worked out because at least we have something to look forward to going into block two.
  That's a good point.
 Yes, because I need a little bit of a I need a little bit of a boost here to get me into block two, I think.
  So don't you definitely I'm definitely lagging.
  And even though, you know, usually hearing Danny DeVito would be considered a treat.
  I don't know that it really gave me the bump that I need.
  That might have been the worst one.
 I think of these four.
  I struggled the most through that one.
  But I bet you know, why don't we let's go through it in order, I suppose.
  Starting with I don't have the full title in front of me, black and white and what?  Black, white and depressed all over.
  It's bleak.
 It's bleak and like.
  Well, that was that that was the Panda one.
 But was that the was that the first one?  That was the first one I watched.
 That was the very first one that aired.
  Oh, did I watch? Did I? I didn't.
 Did I watch them out of order?  Well, we look we spelled it out.
 Jason really, at least all that out.
  So it's on you if you did.
  What's black, white and depressed all over was the first one to air in August 2004.
  That said, I think of fitting one to air from what I read because they bombarded the airways  with commercials for this show during the Summer Olympics that year.
  And apparently a lot of the commercials were about the animals being horny.
  And this episode certainly lived up to that promise.
  Did you not see an episode about horny pandas, Mike?  No, no, I saw it.
 I watched it.
 I just think I watched it out of order.
  Oh, I see.
 That's OK.
 Yeah, I think we're all right.
 OK.
  I think that was kind of a big revelation on my part that I didn't know.
  I think I thought this was a little bit more in the Shrek zone where it was for families,  but kind of a little bit, as we love to say, bawdy.
  And instead, what we found is it is a very edgy show.
  It's like about fucking a lot.
 Yeah, it's a very horny show.
  I guess we should also say what it's about now that we know.
  Yeah, that's yes.
 Yeah.
 The bigger primer.
 Yeah.
  So, so, yeah, so it's a horny show for adults about John Goodman as a lion named Larry  and his wife, Cheryl Hines.
 And I'm blanking on her name already.
  I have it written down.
 What's the wife, the lion wife's name?  Can somebody help me here? I don't remember either.
  And I'll tell you why, because I was so distracted by hearing Cheryl Hines' voice say Larry.
  My first note is was this was where they like, you know, we can do like kind of an inception thing  and make people like this if people hear Cheryl say Larry, like on Curb Your Enthusiasm.
  My first note just says the lions are horny.
  You're paying very close attention.
 Yes.
  My second note just says, quote, good wife time.
  Larry says the phrase, I still I can still have some good wife time if I get home now.
  Cheryl's character's name is Kate.
 Kate.
  I was hoping Helen, but it's Kate.
  The only other time I can remember one character, like an actor saying the name of a character in a movie  that's the same name as a character he played in the movie.
  Excuse me, a character he was addressing in a different movie is when Michael Douglas has to keep saying Scott in Ant-Man.
  And of course, he has to say Scott a lot in Behind the Candelabra.
  Scott.
 Scott.
 Scott.
 What's wrong, Scott?  So when he's talking to Paul Rudd and he says Scott, I just would flash back to Behind the Candelabra.
  This isn't with names, but the names of the characters.
  I think I got a laugh in the theater when I saw it.
  But when I saw Dark Knight Rises and Liam Neeson shows up and I think everyone forgot Liam Neeson was ever in the Batman movies  because Batman Begins had been so long ago and he says something in the movie about like she was taken from me.
  He really enunciates taken and it really took everyone out of it.
  Just use a different word.
  Stolen, removed.
 Just go to the thesaurus.
com.
  There's no reason he has to say taken.
 Right.
  Unless it was on purpose.
  Could have been protons.
  I guess to inception.
 And this is from the maker of inception.
  Yeah, so that's true.
  I think you're onto something with your theory, Mike.
  Yeah, you're right about the well.
  OK, so it's the two of them and then they've got kids and one of them is the father of the two.
  Well, OK, so it's the two of them and then they've got kids and one of them is the one of the spy kids, the son.
  Yeah, he really likes Lord of the Rings, which pays off to much comedic effect.
  And a younger daughter is kind of unruly and, you know, dating and doing drugs, including one of these dating someone with a child, even though she's 16.
  Jesus Christ.
  But the you know, it throws it off because the lifespan of animals is different.
  So I think that's how you get around that.
  So that's at least that's how I wrote it off in my head as being OK.
  Some very confusing.
  I don't want to say racial politics.
  I guess I'll say racial mapping really pops in this one in that like.
  There is an elephant with an Indian accent, but all of the pandas have like names like Foo, Lin and Bong Bong, but are voiced by Lisa Kudrow and Andy Richter.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  There's a slave name joke like that's my slave name.
  That's my first thing he says.
  Yeah, there are some weird shit in this.
  I mean, you said it quickly, but like Foo Lin is obviously fooling.
  I mean, right.
  Like that's that's the joke is like it's like something from like that 1950s like old movie.
  Yeah, like an Asian name.
  Yeah, yeah, that it would be another word.
  Yeah, that's pretty it's pretty rough.
  Bong Bong.
  That's my slave name.
  This is how they wanted to present themselves to America.
  Can I also say that line?  Can I also say this is six point eight on IMDB.
  That's far too high.
  Yeah.
  How is it so high?  This is when it premiered this one the week.
  This was the most watched show of the week.
  Geez.
  Wow.
  And then the ratings apparently quickly fell off, often interrupted apparently by 2004 election coverage and debates and such.
  I was going to save this for the episode after which they pulled it from the lineup because they kind of they skipped it.
  They skipped this show for November sweeps.
  They said we want to really keep the ratings good for this November this month in November.
  This show can't be a blight on our schedule.
  And the one that last aired in October before they dumped the rest in December only was watched by six point six million people.
  I wanted to compare this to 2020.
  And I was thinking about what does NBC have now?  I mean, well, they are.
  This is us, which feels like about as big of a phenomenon as there could possibly that definitely feels like event viewing in 2020.
  Everyone's talking about it.
  This is us gets a weekly average of six point four million.
  Oh, my God.
  Wow.
  Eating show about a lion and a guy who got mauled did better than this is us today.
  Wow.
  They would kill for a hit like Father of the Pride today.
  The glory days of Father of the Pride.
  Long past.
  It's like if you look at the ratings for like, you know, the Magic Hour or the Chevy Chase talk show, like they were just incredible.
  Oh, yeah.
  They were just like, you know, doing the Super Bowl numbers now.
  Yeah, really?  Yeah.
  These like the steadily nose diving Oscars every year just gets worse and worse.
  And I it's yeah, if only it could have been if it could only get to the level of Keenan Ivey Wayans talk show vibe.
  No, he wasn't five.
  No, I'm sorry.
  Sinbad was a vibe.
  Keenan Ivey Wayans at the Keenan Ivey Wayans show.
  I almost that was really look, I blame it on watching too much Father of the Pride today.
  Yes, I know what all the bad 90s stardusts were.
  And they had 25 million viewers a night.
  They were always in trouble.
  Everyone was always mad about 25, only 25 million.
  You're fired.
  I am going to be so tired by the end of this viewing.
  I'm going to I last two episodes without my phone.
  And I said, you know what?  I'm going to sit here and I'm going to watch.
  I'll put a note down once in a while.
  And by episode three, I was like, I got to get on my phone at least a little.
  I don't know.
  I need to I'd rather be looking at very distressing statistics about the virus.
  I got to look at the numbers.
  I got to look at live updated numbers to scare and depress me.
  You have to watch the live climb of the graph.
  To distract me from Father of the Pride.
  A nice distraction from this cartoon.
  I halfway through the second episode, I just started handwriting out the air dates of the remaining episode.
  I'm like, I'd rather just organize a list than watch this.
  That gives us my full attention.
  You know, it gets hard to pay attention to also, because while there is a bevy of different animals,  it's like a little squirrel or something pops in all the time.
  And there's, you know, there's like a little snail snack.
  Yeah.
  Squirrel by played by Orlando Jones.
  Yeah, he's in there.
  There's, you know, there's a snail in one of these.
  So they vary it up a little.
  But for the vast majority of it is either white lions or white tigers.
  And it gets really difficult to tell them apart.
  Now, we did get an answer.
  There is a rivalry between the lions and tigers.
  So they do explain that there are white lions and white tigers.
  I think, you know what?  Talking about Siegfried and Roy, I was a bit confused.
  I always thought it was mostly a tiger show.
  I had never seen Siegfried and Roy like many of people around the world.
  I was captivated by the idea of them and the idea of the show.
  But I was really thinking it was just tigers and not lions.
  But apparently the show was like a bunch of lions and a bunch of tigers together.
  So either of you seen Siegfried and Roy?  I don't think Jason has.
  Live? Yeah.
  No, I've seen that like TV specials.
  Right.
 Scott, have you seen Siegfried and Roy live ever?  No, no, no, I never got to see them.
  OK.
 Yeah.
  I definitely visited like the lion habitat in the Mirage.
  The Mirage heavily brands each episode of the show.
  Yes, there's a lot of branding.
 Yeah.
  You're referring to the secret gardens.
  Yes, that's that's yeah, we should say that's where they they live.
  We're kind of wondering if it's about like a house or a cave and it's it's sort of both.
  It's kind of the middle of both.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 And if I could say if I can explain the opening credits and the theme song real quick,  it's the song Viva Las Vegas sung by John Goodman  as you're going through like a reboot, the CGI cartoon from the 90s level of CGI Las Vegas.
  Yeah.
 I mean, maybe a little bit better than reboot.
  A little.
 Yeah, that's about as good of a critics quote as you could give it.
  Yes.
 As you pass by again, the very clear logo of every MGM resort on the strip and no others.
  It threw me for a loop because in my just awful taste in quarantine boredom viewing.
  Recently, I watched the Flintstones Viva Rock Vegas,  which has several performances of Viva Las Vegas with one key change.
  And I think you know what it is.
  But it was jarring for me to hear John Goodman singing it because John Goodman is not in Viva Rock Vegas.
  Right.
 Do you think this was part of the pitch?  He was so regretful about not doing the sequel and not getting to go to Rock Vegas that they said,  well, now you got to actually like you got to your wish fulfillment.
  You'll get to like right or wrong in the history of your career.
  And he was like, that does sound good.
 I'd like to do that.
 Thank you.
  Always wanted to sing that song.
  Well, he was looking at this is this was a he had just come off Blues Brothers 2000 a couple years prior.
  So he was in a singing mood.
  He always is.
 Yeah.
  I actually I've let the opening play every time just because it's I it's more pleasant than watching them talk  and hearing them talk about sex and just the like barrage of quips that fills every spare second of this series.
  Dated quips, I want to say, like in the first episode, this sad female panda is referred called Crazy Bitch and Fat Middle-Aged Virgin.
  I believe directed at one character.
  The other character also shamed for being a virgin panda.
  It doesn't Carl Reiner's character Samadhi.
  Do you say that harsh to her?  I believe so.
 And she likes it.
  Samadhi very crude, but probably the most horny.
  He's an old man.
 He's very horny.
  And he says inappropriate things.
  He's he's not PC.
  I think I think a lot of the right wing in the country today would be big Samadhi fans because he he doesn't let the PC police tell him what to do.
  You know, he's he's kind of out of step with the world.
  Even the world of the of Larry and the younger lions.
  He's clearly a relic from another era.
  But then you finally see him with somebody like correctly matched to him.
  He gets he has like a girlfriend who is voiced by Jennifer Coolidge, who as many of her characters are, is, you know, kind of a dummy, kind of a dingbat.
  And he she she gets easily confused about something.
  And he's like, you're the perfect woman.
  He like loves as just airbrained as a lioness can be.
  I could see Samadhi on a Ben Shapiro show.
  I could see him on Huckabee.
  I could see him really I could see him like really liking what like the Proud Boys are doing.
  Like I could see him everywhere.
  I think that stand up snail would probably be there's a snail who's a stand up comedian.
  And Larry, the lion makes a very tame comment about his material and the snail goes, you're gay.
  And I was like, whoa, yeah, jaw dropping.
  So many of these jokes are so upsetting, even for the times.
  It's like, whoa, that's not OK.
  Come on.
 I really see even with the sex jokes in the in the pretty early.
  I still was surprised when in a pretty quick succession, they said crap, slutty and bitch.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This show is to first of all, obviously, it's it's problematic, but also just the language is maybe too much for our sensibilities.
  We had the same thing you did, Scott, or like I knew it was a primetime TV show, but we were really like, oh, my God.
  Yeah, this is not this is another level from like Shrek.
  Like, oh, he farts or like, oh, there's a matrix joke like we were just like, ah, I also don't think like we did primetime shows in 2004 say bitch a lot.
  I maybe like question.
 Yeah, I don't think so.
  Like maybe whatever aired at nine thirty, like one network would have like one one network would have one show a year where it's like, well, this one's a little little crass.
  This show should have been like on Cinemax.
  This is like one of the dirtiest shows I've ever seen.
  Yeah, I mean, I guess all the animals are nude.
  But like other than like graphic sex, I would be surprised.
  I mean, I all bets are off with what they're going to say on these next few episodes.
  There's a they use the word whore like because the well, the character now who he realizes is who we will be deeming Montecore, the portrayal of the tiger did the mauling is voiced by John O'Hurley.
  He he says I'm a whore in the way of like wanting the spotlight, like he can't resist the spotlight.
  He just loves attention leads an attention whore.
  But then that leads to him saying like, yeah, and you wouldn't slap a whore, would you?  He's really I try to be, you know, I try to not have steam coming out of my ears on stuff on this show if I can.
  But I think I think I am offended by Father of the Bride.
  Huh? You know what? You know what joke offended me?  I know we're jumping around here now.
  Yeah, we don't have to one by one.
  One by one.
 It was a cover all through one.
  When the Tigers are inside the house and they kind of let themselves in, Blake, a Montecore and his wife and then Larry and Kate.
  And then they say, like, I forget who says it, but somebody goes like, oh, what a nice surprise.
  And Larry goes, yeah, like when the gas wears off and the dentist is buckling his pants.
  Oh, oh, I missed that one.
  Oh, no.
  I rewound it because I went, what?  Geez.
  And I guess I guess the joke is like, that's bad because they don't want to see the Tigers.
  But I'll be honest with you, the company doesn't always land perfectly on Father of the Pride.
  I mean, let's not even look.
  Maybe there were rumors at the top, but see the whole second episode has a major plot line about a CGI Matt Lauer who is called non threat.
  I mean, there's a there's a great now you can pull it out of its context quote from either Siegfried or Roy or is it now because they kind of hate him to read it.
  I'm not sure who says it, but there is the phrase I have had it up to here with you besmirching the good name of Matt Lauer.
  I.
  They couldn't have known they couldn't have known what was happening.
  Yeah, I don't think it was rumored then.
  I don't know who's to know.
  I mean, honestly, they probably all the top people already knew, but they just weren't saying anything.
  That's usually what happens with all this stuff.
  But this is typically I mean, this is a real product of like NBC, like cross promoting itself, which was really bad in the arts.
  Like, oh, cool.
 Look, everyone, Matt Lauer's on this.
  The next episode had a lot of what I believe the term is integrated marketing where you have products in the shows because that was just like a 20 minute long 7-eleven ad.
  Yes.
 So OK, so let's let's talk a little bit about how they portray Siegfried and Roy.
  They're sort of like side characters in a way, like kind of goofy comic relief side characters that do like they they live like by the animals because the animals are like kind of in their backyard.
  But they're sort of just like cartoon character versions of Siegfried and Roy and they go on like little wacky jaunts, especially when they go to 7-eleven because there's one of them is thirsty, I believe.
  I was confused why they were there.
  I think I was watching a commercial and it's like, are you thirsty?  He's like, I told you I am.
  And it's like that's that's the oh, that's the impetus for them going to 7-eleven and then ultimately working a shift there.
  Yeah.
  Which I'll say, like, I don't hate the premise of Siegfried and Roy working at a 7-eleven.
  I also will say I don't actually hate the premise of this show.
  It's kind of a funny idea.
 I will give it to Jeffrey Katzenberg.
  It's not a bad idea for a show that I'll be positive there.
  Have we said to Jeffrey Katzenberg gets the created by credit?  Yes, he does.
  It's really jarring when that comes up.
  The created by created by Jeffrey Katzenberg.
  You just don't you picture the creator being someone who would actually be able to write a joke or something.
  Yeah, that would help.
  I think the I should say the behind the scenes stuff that I know that then the the next credit is developed by and I think this is the guy who was actually doing the nuts and bolts of it.
  A guy named Jonathan Groff, who was the head writer of Late Night with Conan O'Brien from ninety five to two thousand and extremely well regarded in that time and what he did there and what he's done elsewhere since.
  I think all I've ever heard is that this Jonathan Groff is great and this show is a real proof that when you're just handed an idea by Jeffrey Katzenberg that even some of the funniest writers could not working their hardest and were their brains at full capacity still cannot fully polish a dirt.
  I would I would love to know like the full Tom shales book about the making of this should come up like somebody should do an oral history of this because you know the notes were just like I don't want to use the word it's overused but the notes were epic.
  Well here's here's one of the one other bit of buying the scenes knowledge as I said I've been I've been texting my friends not Jonathan Groff but I said Tommy Blotcher this writer a very funny writer ended up like was pulled in he made me work to like here and there consulted on the show a little bit like as it was pretty deep in production I think it was like we were you know that point where you're limited we've already animated so many of the shows that we've done and I think that's the  point of this show is that we've done so much we spent so much money there's only so much we can do but just can you watch what we've done so far and see what you think and he before I these episodes even started I texted him about it and he said well I remember them showing mezu bunch and the only thing I liked at all wasämänroy these guys are kind of funny and there was some scene where they were in a seven eleven or something and I was like that's okay you just make the show way more about them like I know they're the scene stealers are just push Siegfried where there's so much more interesting than these lions and then be in these  20 euro guys in a you know mundane place like a seven eleven that's all right maybe do more like that and they were like yeah you know I think so I think we will do more like that so the show from then on became more Siegfried and Roy focused and then Roy got mauled by a tiger oh god so they were like in the process of more Roy the people have spoken this needs more Roy and then insane yeah well Siegfried and Roy do not do their own voices  no no but we're involved in the show right and I you know you got to give it you got to give it up to them they're getting goofed on a light like lightly goofed on and they're they were obviously game for that yeah I too well to be willing to be yeah they they don't seem to have noted it to death in terms of like we can't look stupid and they're a little fun but also kind of exhausting I don't like the voices are not my favorite  I have I don't know if they're the highlights I'm still not they can't save it you know well look I agree with you I was just trying to be positive and say that I like them okay and if we're looking for if we're looking for the highlights you know what here do one of the I didn't know this existed before this episode and at the first I think I watched seven eleven first when there's a  scene where one of them like retrofits the coke or Pepsi machine to play music and shoot lasers and fog and there's a song that plays and I'm sure Scott has Scott knew this song before and I certainly did I may have heard it but I had to look it up and went oh yeah okay and it is of course the theme Siegfried and Roy's like theme song in real life essentially in their Las Vegas show  and it's called is it called Siegfried and Roy no the song is called mind is the magic oh right right mind is the magic and it is of course by Michael Jackson yeah they use it this is the song that plays like three times every episode that they every episode every time they walk into a room like yes the logic of the Siegfried and Roy characters really starts  with like looney tunes kind of logic but then just becomes like it's like bad it's like early 2000 like webcomic stuff where people are like talking about video games and that the in the last panel someone's got like a sword like it's just like look folks it's it's funny because it's random you see a little bit yeah I yeah I heard some story this this might be really super game of  telephone but I feel like I heard somewhere that he Michael Jackson was obsessed with Siegfried and Roy wrote them a song just like out of you know nobody asked him to he's just like here I made you a theme song which they used and then he like you know brought it to them and like oh thank you so much and then he you know came to the show again and again and again and was at the show so much that Siegfried and Roy were kind of like maybe we get Michael out of here he's he's hanging around a lot.
  They were like trying to get away from him.
  This guy's a friggin weirdo as they're like surrounded by tigers and this weirdo is ruining our vibe.
  I can't concentrate.
  He's in the front row.
  He's staring at me and it creeps me the fuck out.
  He dresses like a freak.
  Correct me if I'm wrong to Siegfried and Roy by like 2002 or so still very successful I'm assuming doing a Vegas residency but we're not like on TV every month anymore right like no.
  Were they ever on TV every month.
  Or like at least every few like a copper Copperfield Lance Burton and Siegfried and Roy had were like the TV magicians right.
  Hmm I really I don't remember watching Siegfried and Roy specials on TV but I do think they had they had to have a couple right.
  I'm not sure.
  And when you said Lance Burton you're talking about the star of Billy Toppett.
  Billy Toppett yeah.
  Our next torture.
  Your next self inflicted torture.
  Yeah.
  I'm I'm looking by the way at if you Google image Michael Jackson mind is the magic you'll end up on a photo of Siegfried and Roy helping Michael Jackson feed a baby tiger with a bottle.
  She's I don't think I've seen that.
  I don't need to look at it.
  I don't need to see that.
  You can you can imagine it.
  No I don't know it's even the fact that that Katzenberg wanted to do a show about this all of a sudden it is such a like rich person idea like you know I was hanging out with Siegfried and Roy and like no one did something no one was doing or thinking about in 2002.
  Right.
  You know what I think we should make a show about David Geffen's anthropomorphic boat.
  You're like oh yeah OK that's everyone can relate to a expensive boat.
  If we're worried about the Kevin Spacey episode getting us killed David Geffen episode will.
  Oh my God.
  Surely be the final podcast.
  Yeah yeah we're not doing that.
  I love David Geffen.
  He's great guy David Geffen has given us a lot of great music over the years.
  He's the G and Dreamworks SKG.
  Yes.
  God bless you David.
  But let's get back to the K a little bit.
  Yeah yeah yeah.
  I.
  What have we what have we missed in this.
  This is a cat.
  I feel catnip.
  Yeah.
  When they she.
  Yeah there's a cat as a drug problem and it's a little green baggie and you're like oh what's it going to be.
  And when they say catnip I moaned really loud.
  Still probably the best of the four episodes I would say.
  He maybe well at the 7-Eleven.
  Runner.
  The 7-Eleven runner is the best thing so far.
  So that episode is the best.
  And it was nice to be reminded of products that we like like seeing the perfect big gulp logo and the Sony just like seeing the just.
  You know I get used to on a show like The Simpsons to seeing you know some funny joke or one of my favorite logos should be and I get confused.
  Where are we.
  Yeah I see Mountain Dew so good features so well.
  It's very relaxing.
  There was the one gag where they were just showing an old talk show bit about fondue.
  That was all right.
  That was kind of funny weird non sequitur.
  Who was in that who was in the clip again.
  Was it.
  Oh God I forget who that was.
  Barbara Streisand in that clip or no.
  No Barbara Walters.
  Thank you.
  Streisand is in the other episode.
  Barbara Streisand.
  Who what other real people.
  Lowers in it does his voice Streisand's not Streisand obviously.
  Duke Trainy is not Dick Trainy.
  The chainsaw like home the chainsaw.
  Hmm.
  Yeah.
  Bro James Brolin is in right because Mary DeBarbara Streisand that's James Brolin am I wrong.
  Oh right.
  Yeah he's in there he gets like a little bit of something to do but not much.
  Yeah they're not them they're not playing themselves.
  No they're being they're being parodied I guess.
  They're in an episode called and the revolution continues that in which Danny DeVito plays  Emerson an activist lobster who is fighting for different kinds of animal rights.
  I mean really it's just kind of general you know like not letting you know the the the  upper class oppress us and it's it's kind of like an animal unionize plot and John  Goodman's reaction throughout is like would you shut up get a hobby.
  This is true I mean look they're trying to pet like we could be in unions.
  We know we know what maybe the opinion is of the higher ups trying to make of course  the very relatable every man hero Larry shows distrust for these type of hippies who want  to unionize and want to give more power to labor you know.
  Yeah yeah.
  When you're dealing with a movie or a TV show you know there's union rules about that but  when it's a quibi you know who's to say.
  Yes.
  They're off.
  I mean who's to say we need to work with unions in any regard and they have a fair  argument there.
  Yes I was going to tell a story about a friend of mine who was going to be working on a quibi  and then this whole thing happened and the writers guild or excuse me the editors guild  wouldn't cover health insurance or anything because it was not technically the contract  for a regular TV show.
  It was the contract for a quibi show so he didn't get any of the benefits that he would  have gotten because of quibi anyway.
  Cool.
  So that's a cool thing and also this is coming from the brain trust that made the show  Father of the Pride.
  So it's all cool.
  Also who said part of your world should be cut from Little Mermaid.
  So there is a lot of good stuff.
  My good stuff happening here.
  You know he gave us a show with gay rabbits.
  It sounds like the voice of Bender from Futurama.
  My job is a barge like.
  Yeah yeah he does a very like Lamont and I or what like a guy.
  Yeah.
  Life partner joke there is a this had no aquatic access joke like a like a wheelchair  ramp kind of very strange very like oh OK.
  That's not good.
  That's not good.
  Probably wasn't cool back then let alone now.
  Different time 2004.
  Yeah.
  Six.
  I mean it is it is 16 years ago years ago but it's not a mania lifetime ago.
  Yeah I'm watching.
  Hello.
  No good.
  I was going to say I just clicked on a YouTube thing called Siegfried and Roy the Magic  Returns and within a minute Steve Wynn is doing an interview of another guy who we  probably shouldn't do an episode about but I love to do an episode about Steve Wynn.
  I mean his commercials says big fan.
  Yeah his feud with Joe Francis the girl's gone wild man.
  Oh yeah.
  Talk about that too.
  There's a lot of rights.
  There's a lot of right material.
  The war for the shore the war between Trump and win for Atlantic City which Trump won  and then practically torpedoed the city a few years later when all his casinos went under.
  Don't worry Steve Wynn.
  Don't worry Steve Wynn still a big fan of big friend and supporter of the president.
  Yeah still still on the Republican National Committee.
  So yeah Steve Wynn episode.
  We'll figure it out.
  Yes absolutely.
  I should mention that around episode four you know if you if you can if you're  surprised that Emerson the activist lobster did not quite hold my attention that episode  four was around where I started like Googling other stuff and not not focusing on the plot  so much.
  And that's where I discovered that Father of the Pride was honored with the Ursa major  award in 2004.
  Do you guys know what the Ursa major award is.
  I don't.
  That's it.
  Tell us.
  That's an award that's given out at free conventions.
  Oh good.
  I discovered this on there's a pretty dense Father of the Pride area on wiki fur dot com.
  And so it won best anthropomorphic dramatic series in 2004.
  So you know they award important works that involve I guess you know furry characters  who walk on their hind legs.
  So you know throughout this I might kind of be just checking in on what else you know  what else the Ursa's felt it fit to honor.
  Actually 2004 a big year for Katzenberg because at Anthrakan 2005 best series was Father  of the Pride and best motion picture Shrek 2.
  Wow.
  Anthrakan.
  Anthrakan 2005.
  It's always called the Ursa awards but it's always a different event.
  It used to be Con Fur-ence but then since then it's been Morphicon.
  It's been All Fur Fun.
  It's what the Fur 2016.
  So you know I'll be checking out the rest of the history of the Ursa's throughout this.
  I'll say this we've championed a lot of anthropomorphic animal characters on this show  and I would like an official invitation to come to this convention.
  I think we should be there.
  I think we should be hosting panels.
  I don't need any like sexual element to the anthropomorphic animals or the love for them.
  But I do believe we should have a presence there at Anthrakan or whatever it's going to be called.
  Sure.
  I respect and fear the fairy community so I'd happily make an appearance.
  Their taste lines up with us a lot because you know they gave best anthropomorphic motion picture 2009  to Avatar in 2017 best motion picture Guardians of the Galaxy volume 2.
  All right.
  Yeah.
  Hey they're they're honoring me at a convention.
  What kind of convention.
  I heard about this convention.
  But you know what Rockets a freak.
  I'll be here with bells on.
  I don't care if it's a real rabbit or a person dressed up as a rabbit.
  Don't make no difference to me.
  I should pick a safe word.
  Huh.
  How about my hands don't scan.
  That's his password like that's his password for all of his stuff on his computer like he just uses that for  everything in his life.
  Hey give Rockets some credit.
  Sometimes it's my hands don't scan one two three.
  And sometimes it's gantry lift.
  Oftentimes it's just gantry lift.
  Gantry lift but the A is a four.
  So that's how they that's how I keep them out.
  That's how my password goes from weak to mildly weak.
  Rocket always gets that bottle orange.
  I don't keep it red.
  You think I'm stupid.
  I'm smart.
  All right.
  We're talking too much.
  We have to watch this.
  Let's keep going.
  OK.
  So yes.
  You Jason in this episode you're the you're the father keeper.
  Tell us what we're going to go next.
  Well OK.
  So block to donkey.
  So we're starting on a high note.
  Yeah.
  One of our friends make an appearance.
  Second episode possession.
  Third episode I believe it's called one man's meat is another man's girlfriend.
  I don't care for that.
  And then an episode called rehabilitation.
  So and to put these all in perspective.
  So donkey aired September 21st of 2004.
  Possession aired October 12th.
  One man's meat aired October 26th.
  And then a long break rehabilitation aired December 21st.
  So OK.
  So the first three aired before the reelection of George W.
  Bush and then there was we knew the last ones all aired firmly in a second term.
  Yeah.
  And then the air dates get even funnier in the final block of the day.
  Great.
  Good tease.
  All right.
  Meet you back here in a couple of grueling hours.
  All right.
  Fantastic.
  Goodbye.
  OK.
  Bye.
  Bye.
  And we're back.
  Unfortunately.
  So we're all here.
  I hate we left into these.
  Let's get into these hate crimes.
  We left in the last one and then it is like all right back to it right back down on the  couch immediately.
  It's a bunch of lions all ogling a young lion's butt just instantly straight back to  gross.
  And it only got worse from there.
  Yeah.
  I am.
  I think we were saying a little I am so sleepy right now.
  I've gotten so tired in the last hour and a half.
  And also I keep getting taunted by YouTube with much better videos.
  And when I say like because I'm watching I've watched these this last four on my phone.
  So I'm getting all these suggestions under the video I'm watching like listen to the  22 minute soundtrack for a Tokyo Disney show called Minnie's Tropical Splash from  2016.
  And I'm like I would like to listen to this 22 minutes of Minnie's Tropical Splash.
  But I can't.
  I'd rather listen to that 45 minute Bob Dylan song than watch more of the show.
  Oh man.
  I haven't listened to that yet.
  I got to listen.
  I will not.
  But if somehow I was given a choice but I don't think I do have that choice.
  Unless you'll let me so unless I can work out a deal with you guys that instead of  watching two of these I can listen to the Bob Dylan song and report on it.
  The JFK one.
  Yeah.
  Can can we make deals can we make deals that I have to do one episode but we have to do  a different homework assignment.
  You know this is the kind of I think said like Larry and his friend snack get up to.
  Wait wait.
  All right.
  Here's here's what we should do.
  We each don't have to watch what we each can say no to one of the next five episodes.
  But we have to be assigned a different video by another by one of us to watch in its  place.
  Oh so then is it still a choice or do you have to watch the other thing.
  Let's you know what here in the interest of time I will say you can pick one episode  you don't have to watch but you do have to listen to the Bob Dylan song and report it  back to us.
  All right.
  I will I will take that deal and is that on the episode of my choosing.
  Can I do it based on the episode titles.
  Yes yes.
  Yeah.
  What are the episode titles.
  And then we'll go around and each one of us won't have to watch one.
  But you'll you get the first pick for which episode you don't have to watch the next  five in the block.
  Oh wow.
  OK OK thanks.
  But so we need to think of punishments for for each other then for me and Jason.
  Jason and I have to have.
  So unless Jason wants to do well well five.
  Yeah I'm going to say I have to see this through.
  I have to I have to see them all.
  But Mike I'll give you the option if there are some other thing you would rather do.
  I absolutely would rather do anything else.
  Please give me an assignment.
  But it's got to be for punishing to some extent because I don't want to hear that Bob  Dylan song.
  It has to be something you don't want to do.
  So we got to think we got to think on that.
  Maybe if we all talk and if Jason I kind of trade focus on that.
  So we like because if the fouls are the faster we get through this discussion the  faster we're done with all of it.
  Well let's have the discussion if something pops into your head while we're talking you  can throw it at me at the end.
  OK OK gotcha.
  OK OK.
  So let me start with you know I'll start with the this just an observation.
  So this run of episodes it's a lot of sitcom go tos.
  Character has to lose weight.
  Character is laid up with an injury but he's actually faking.
  Bring your parents to school day.
  We never do anything fun anymore dear.
  And they really transform those tropes into a slog just a really painful like  upsetting experience.
  This makes the first four we watch look like masterpiece.
  These were especially bad.
  I will say I think donkey is good.
  I think donkey if we're on the sliding scale donkey is easily the best one.
  Yes.
  Yeah it is really nice to hear Eddie Murphy no matter what he is he's better than  anything else.
  Yes.
  Yeah I did not I don't I did not care for donkey's kind of his stunt double.
  He's like campy.
  There are so many weird gay jokes in this show.
  Like it seems like when they couldn't think of something they would just make a  just out of nowhere gay joke.
  It is every single episode with such like veracity.
  I can't believe this might be the most homophobic series in history.
  By the way when I say I think the donkey episode is the best I am not sanctioning  each joke in the episode.
  No I know I know I didn't think you were.
  Yeah.
  So you're saying you didn't like when somebody mentioned Justin Timberlake and  then Larry the funny lion said is he into dudes.
  What's going on there.
  I did not like that joke.
  I will say that I was not I was not hooting and hollering.
  John Goodman was had to say this while he is work that day was to wonder if Timber  Lake is gay.
  Yes.
  The worst thing that anyone could be.
  What is that.
  I don't understand.
  And it's the next episode where the grandpa thinks the son is gay.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  It's all of them to some extent.
  Even the daughter makes a joke under her breath about like oh that's a little gay.
  Like what is going on.
  Is every character this making these jokes.
  And I haven't watched the episode of The Simpsons where Homer thinks Bart is gay  but in my mind that episode is more about a close minded person being opened up to  like his own prejudices a little bit.
  Am I wrong.
  That episode is like years prior to this too.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  Years and years before and Homer learns a lesson and gets closer to his son like  yeah there's some redeeming elements of that.
  Sure.
  But that's not what that's not what's happening.
  This is this show is so it's so crazy that there's there's slurs that I have I've never  heard before.
  It's like taught me gay slurs that I've never heard in any context.
  Yeah I don't know that I want to say it even.
  I'd like but how in the world how can a CGI something that we until right now thought  like they try to do kind of an ill fated trick as a show.
  Let's go laugh.
  Who knew it would illuminate slurs.
  I didn't know.
  It's yeah.
  I and it's like I'm trying to think like once in a while I'm like stuff from the 90s.
  Or like I go oh shoot that's that didn't age well.
  This is every couple of minutes.
  This is every minute every two minutes.
  It's it's unbelievable.
  And I don't I really am now that we've watched so much of this it's like why didn't you  guys just make something that like totally was like Shrek.
  Like I don't.
  There's no reason there's no audience more for this.
  Why would you be less like Shrek the biggest hit the most surprise like across the  board said in years like we're not really going to do the whole Shrek thing.
  Why not.
  You should.
  Then families are watching like imagine people tuning in and like like a family and  around this like a like a young boy who's like probably just discovered that he's gay.
  He goes and watches this show and like oh God and he like stays closeted for longer  because the show was mean to him.
  This is the least for families thing ever.
  It is.
  It is why.
  I mean it is wild.
  I really I didn't expect this element.
  This is the most surprising element of the show to me.
  It is truly infuriating.
  And even if we when we aren't dealing in gay slurs which every episode does then  there'll be some other thing like I wrote to this some phrase about I wouldn't go to  that southern fried hags bitch fest.
  Why do they say so much.
  It is wild.
  You could really teach this like they need they need to have like if they ever show  this anywhere ever again they need to have like one of those messages before it of  like you know it was a different time and this was acceptable humor.
  And really though of course like it really wasn't acceptable humor for the time.
  No.
  But you know there really should be warnings.
  This season was like when Queer Eye for the Straight Guy blew up.
  Like we've got like a major influx of gay culture that's very popular.
  Why on just up the up the dial on NBC.
  Why are they so mad.
  Look there's a lot of confusing things happening in this show.
  The donkey episode features the Siegfried and Roy storyline where I have to give them  credit this is kind of a clever idea that Siegfried and Roy are protesting a small  business because it is not a good corporate.
  That's kind of funny.
  And then Siegfried fucks grandma to like get her to change her ways.
  That's kind of weird.
  I'm kind of that's funny.
  The premise is Siegfried and Roy are upset because some sort of small business has moved  on the Las Vegas strip and they don't like that.
  They like everything being like corporately owned.
  So it's very it is I was like oh this is a very funny idea.
  I like this idea.
  And then they just quickly get out of it by having Siegfried have sex with an old woman  who owns the bed and breakfast and it turns into like a horrible casino type of place.
  Yeah there's also in this episode a joke about oh Larry yells at a pig the pig agent or  manager that you people killed mama Cass.
  That was very confusing.
  And then they step back the joke in a meta way for too long.
  Yeah it's yeah I'm getting ahead of my there's so much happening in the donkey episode.
  Yeah we can we can focus on on donkey for a little bit.
  Yeah you know maybe to brighten the mood I can say one thing that I liked which is that it's  about the Larry's son who I don't know the name of just by watching eight episodes of the show.
  The hunter I think it's hunter hunter hunter.
  So Hunter is at there's like a parents day like a show and tell where your parents talk about their  job and the the John O'Hurley eventual mauler tiger cheats essentially but he doesn't really  talk about himself.
  He brings in his pal the MGM lion and the MGM lion puts the crest around his head and does the  roar like the exact roar from the opening of all the MGM movies and and the kids go nuts and he  does it again.
  I liked that.
  I liked that because maybe partially because it reminded me of entertainment that I enjoy more  that begins with the MGM logo.
  Yeah I enjoyed that.
  And I like that everyone calls him donkey from Shrek like everyone uses the phrases normal people  use donkey from Shrek MGM lion like well yeah when it happened when the when is when Kate tells  Larry that donkey is in town or I think that's what happens.
  He goes donkey from Shrek.
  Yes which so we should note that though donkey from Shrek is in this episode.
  It's one of those scenarios where he's a celebrity rather than he it's not he's not from  we're assuming that he played himself in the movie and he's visiting in like a celebrity way.
  He's shooting a commercial in Las Vegas.
  That's correct.
  Yes a car commercial.
  Donkey from Shrek.
  Specifically a Japanese SUV commercial and donkey says he will not get in the SUV because he's  concerned because they roll over which is a very 2004 joke.
  A lot of a lot of worry about SUV rollovers back then.
  Oh I didn't even that didn't register with me.
  Oh my God.
  Yeah you end up in this weird zone.
  Well well first of all you know another part that I liked that made me hopeful for block 2 here but  and then my hopes faded but when donkey's finally revealed and All-Star is playing like it's his  theme song.
  That was wonderful.
  Yes that made me very happy.
  All-Star plays wherever he goes and he has some self reflexive dialogue where he says babe tell  your tell your boy Shrek 3 is coming out in 2006.
  That was good.
  I like that.
  Did enjoy that.
  Then I less enjoyed what Jason alluded to which is that donkey refuses to.
  So the MGM lion Larry has to compete with that.
  How can I impress my son's class.
  And he lies and he says these friends with donkey from Shrek.
  So then he like how am I going to find donkey from Shrek.
  And he does so by walking right up to him in the next scene because when donkey walks through his  town there's no particular struggle to find donkey.
  It's just a logistics issue.
  His manager says no.
  So instead he finds donkey's stunt double who has a very lispy gay voice.
  Wonderful.
  Once again that's the great comedy of Father of the Pride.
  So it's like don't talk as long as you don't talk then we'll get through this and all it'll make  sense and we'll show and tell.
  That was all very painful to watch.
  But do you guys happen to catch an interesting name in the credits that was the voice of donkey  stunt double.
  I did not.
  Donkey stunt double was voiced by Reeve Kearney.
  Do you know offhand Reeve Kearney is.
  He's the boy who fell from the sky.
  Spider-Man in Spider-Man turn off the dark is the voice of the gay donkey look alike.
  Which I should mention Reeve Kearney we haven't talked about this Reeve Kearney has remained  very relevant on Broadway because he's in Hades town.
  And do you know who else is in Hades town.
  The guy who played the Green Goblin.
  Yes this is an extremely popular play.
  It's Spider-Man and Green Goblin together again.
  Well yeah they both are big stars on Broadway.
  Yeah yeah.
  Usually relevant.
  So anyway I guess I felt better about this horrible scene knowing there was a connection  to Spider-Man turn off the dark.
  When Broadway opens again in a year and a half we really got to go see Hades town.
  And then just yell do the goblin.
  Make a topical joke.
  What kind of circus tragedy is this.
  So anyway what are your guys thoughts on Donkey though.
  About the I I like seeing Donkey.
  I kind of like the bit with his manager his manager is a pig and I kind of like the bit  where Larry has to go he goes can you come to my kids school and he's like of course  go talk to my manager and she goes not going to happen.
  And then he keeps saying yes.
  And then he goes I'm going to go talk to my manager.
  And she goes not going to happen.
  And then he keeps saying yes.
  And it felt like a very Larry Sanders style joke about like you can't you know you got  to talk to the person in charge and the person that's the actually the celebrity doesn't  have to deal with saying no.
  I kind of like that bit.
  I was well observed.
  Yeah.
  There's a weird bit or there's a weird line when Larry says to the pig manager nice nipples.
  Yeah that's weird.
  It's not the way else.
  There's another episode where he brings up someone's nipples.
  There's a lot of nipple talk I feel a lot of nipple talk when all the character all the  female characters have just these wide shapely hips.
  It's very very unnerving.
  Every I was just going to say like I was watching I I noticed everything in this show is somehow  very smooth but angular at the same time and it's upsetting.
  It creates an unease.
  It's just nothing's very emotive but they're trying with like probably the best technology  at the at Hollywood's disposal at their time.
  But it looks like shit 16 years later.
  It's really awful.
  I've tried to get through this well the kind of kind of absorbing the plots without looking  at the screen very often just in my periphery.
  Yeah it's so I don't know I think I've said all I've had to say about donkey the episode  donkey but I think we we can keep moving as fast as anyone wants to.
  Well let me just say I just wrote down the phrase this is upsetting and I don't remember  what that was in reference to.
  It could really it was under my donkey notes but it could apply to most of these episodes.
  I wrote down the phrase this shows so bad I can't believe I'm not interviewing to write on  it.
  It's surprising it's not coming back surprising it hasn't come back yet.
  For Quibi.
  Give it time.
  I mean you know what can I say.
  Big fan of the original.
  I love the you know that the old man lion whose name is Sar modi Sar modi.
  I love obviously big Sar modi fan and just God bless the Carl Reiner still here with us to  voice Sar modi.
  Don't have to replace him.
  That is insane.
  I would like that he was I believe he was 82 years old when he voiced to the show in 2004  and he is still alive.
  He's 90 years.
  Incredible.
  That is.
  Anyway.
  Betty White.
  Oh yeah.
  I'm also still great great.
  So that's some good news.
  Good entertainers and good health.
  You got to feel good about that even if you don't feel good at all about the show they  participated in a long time ago.
  Yeah.
  Gotta feel good about that.
  My question here real quick about the logistics or like the reality of the show.
  The characters Larry Kate and then their her dad's name is Sar modi.
  Why aren't the characters all fun names like Montecore.
  Like isn't it.
  Wouldn't it be better if they were all like like like like lavish named eccentric like  Siegfried and Roy.
  Wouldn't that make sense.
  They were like exotic tigers or exotic.
  I think so.
  Yeah.
  And you know them being sort of like snooty stuck up or they're being a mix the one you  know like there could be a real Green Acres thing here.
  They're like you know one of them could sound like a Gabor and then you know mixed with  a more down to the salt of the earth John Goodman guy like one of them being a yes darling  like that.
  That's more fun right.
  More fun.
  I agree.
  I mean it's like white lions are not generally American I guess is what I'm saying.
  I guess I guess the idea being they were probably raised here but then Carl Reiner  should have an accent of some kind.
  Yeah.
  The only only old ones are all they're all like old Jewish actors.
  There's like nobody's from Africa or any there the places where these lions would  probably come from.
  Right.
  So however that is licensed to get in.
  I don't like anything they're doing but again hearing Gary Marshall and Dom DeLuise  I'm reminded of other things that I like that they're part of.
  That's true.
  I'm not saying I don't want Dom DeLuise to be involved because of course I do.
  I always say anything.
  Yes.
  A conceptual standpoint.
  These are these are questions I have anyway.
  They spent so much money on guest stars for the show.
  Yeah Eddie Murphy just just that.
  What a get.
  What a cue that Eddie Murphy was doing something on primetime that night and no  one ever wants to think about it again.
  I wonder we got to find out how much he made.
  Yeah.
  Or unless it was just he just got like swindled as part of some Shrek package  deal.
  Oh yeah maybe part of the Shrek 3 deal maybe.
  I think.
  I have some little nitpicks actually there are a lot of these Aaron's nitpicks  because she's she's paying better attention than I am.
  There's some some line where the guy who's obviously the voice of Bender from  Futurama says you can you can watch me eat lunch and but the scene is at night.
  So they should have they should have noted that one better.
  And then also there's like I lit up at this one part because there's a bottle of  wine that you know that made me think about wine and that is it you know what  right now it's three thirty is it too early to drink some wine to get through  the rest of this.
  I don't I don't think so necessarily.
  I don't think so.
  Quarantine there are no rules in quarantine.
  Yeah I can have a big bowl of wine for breakfast.
  That's right.
  But there's a bottle is a really clearly labeled bottle of 1997 Cabernet Sauvignon  and then in the next episode the same bottle appears it's just such a like  specific year and variety so you see it sticks in your head sticks in your head  but that the label is you see the label and then it's read as a Shiraz is a  totally different type.
  So they should like I get reusing props but they changed the wine name.
  Yeah I did not notice that detail.
  I've been noticing all the Mirage logos on everything which is very funny.
  So many so many Mirage logos.
  Yeah I was everywhere which is kind of like I'm sure they were I'm sure it's  there for the practical reason of synergy but it's kind of funny that Mirage  is on everything.
  Yeah I do kind of like that.
  Yeah you're watching just casino ads night after night.
  I mean also we don't want to glaze past with the use of the wine is that there's  there's an episode one of these there's a lot of stuff at a bar and all these  animals are just drinking human wine.
  Yes yes I don't know like liquor and beer and martinis in the opening there's a  beer can all the time.
  Yeah it's about a bunch of alcoholic animals.
  They've already done the analogous like catnip to weed thing.
  Well wouldn't there be an animal version of alcohol.
  You'd think.
  Yeah if they don't smoke weed because I'm amazed they didn't just do that.
  Just it's just animals getting high.
  What would it do.
  That's 2004.
  I was just going to say like maybe on prime time TV they couldn't do any weed  jokes.
  They could do a bunch of homophobic jokes.
  Sure.
  But weed you can't see on television in 2004.
  That's pretty far.
  Yeah.
  The pale.
  Yeah.
  I don't know what would what animals respond to like alcohol the tranquilizers.
  There's a big glass tranquilizer.
  They did all of that earlier.
  Little of that.
  So you could say that.
  I mean a lot of this feels like really limited imagination like limited executive  imagination of like well it's a sitcom.
  You got to have a nuclear family.
  You got to have the bar and the job and the school.
  And it's like I don't remember is the public really that dumb or is it just you  keep shoveling the same slop.
  You know if it's just like well it's a cop show or a firefighter show or a lawyer  show or a family show.
  Lions perform in a fancy show covered in diamonds.
  Why is it still just a house in a bar.
  Yeah exactly.
  Yeah.
  Why.
  Yeah.
  Why aren't they like like a bunch of animals like hanging out on the strip.
  Yes.
  Vegas is right there.
  It's like a there's a fence and we know the strip the literal strip is behind the  fence and we never get to go.
  There's a bunch of weird stuff they could get up to on the strip and all the weirds  like what are the other animals in Vegas but like they're confined to this other  world.
  Yeah.
  It's like part zoo and part and if yeah if they were like went around the casinos  and then everybody would just assume they were like imagining it because they're so  drunk or so high like everybody just everybody's like wiping their eyes like an  old 40s movie drunk and like boy now I've seen it.
  Oh Vegas boy what happens here.
  Easy.
  Yeah the Cirque they could talk to the Cirque du Soleil maybe maybe I'm getting  ahead of myself.
  Maybe we're really going to open it up in these next five episodes and they're  going to get out there and mingle with like the cast of.
  They see humanity they see the cast of the Cirque du Soleil shows humanity which is  the sexy animal show and they get confused.
  You know they think these are actual animals but they're people.
  That's a good plot.
  You know there's a lot of horniness in this show and just a few miles up the strip  one of the horniest creatures on the strip lives.
  David Copperfield's pal blue 32.
  Oh my God can you imagine dating the daughter blue date blue dates whatever her  name is.
  Copperfield gets a shout out.
  He does get a shout out in this.
  They refer to the good.
  He's not the good kind of lady killer like Billy Dee Williams or David Copperfield.
  Not the term I would use to describe David Copperfield.
  Allegedly allegedly parody parody.
  Probably not what you should say about Billy Dee either.
  Just take a Google just take a quick Google.
  Oh oh no.
  Oh God.
  Yeah I just you know maybe it's a more a character if we met like I guess you know  who's best paired with blue 32.
  It seems like that there was a little like squirrel or something that didn't get along  too well with the snack.
  Maybe maybe she could cook up with blue.
  That's good.
  Whatever that character's name is.
  Yes I agree.
  Making love Larry.
  I don't know.
  We should probably head back in for the final round.
  But not without mentioning that it's not all downhill from Eddie Murphy.
  There's a there's an exciting cameo in one of these episodes from Peter Fonda.
  It was Peter Fonda.
  I mean that's who they refer to him.
  I don't know if he did his own voice.
  I don't know if he did his voice.
  Yeah he literally like that's the episode where they're working Larry too hard so he  fakes an injury and one of the working things is he has to go out and hang out with Roy  and Peter Fonda and Peter Fonda says where's the bong.
  Like it's like come on.
  Are we still mystified by Peter Fonda in 2004.
  That reminded me of the first time Peter Fonda came up on the show when he opened the  Harley store at City Walk and said are you ready to start partying.
  Maybe happy to go back to that.
  Peter Fonda was just making like easy rider based cameos for like decades I guess.
  Because that's what this is.
  Like he's got Larry's got like a do-rag an American flag do-rag on.
  Right.
  That's the same episode.
  Oh yes.
  That's it.
  Yeah.
  I think so.
  That's right.
  In the previous episode of course one man's meat is another man's girlfriend.
  A very upsetting title.
  You had Arlie Emery as a like a fitness drill instructor rabbit.
  I thought that was cute.
  The famous always a drill instructor Ermi I think it's Arlie Ermi.
  Yeah.
  From Toy Story.
  And if we're ready to assign the episodes I have an idea of something of sort of  equivalent length that could be Mike's alternate entertainment.
  Is it will he suffer.
  Well I'm worried it won't be enough but it does sound it sounds like suffering to me.
  I'll say but I guess I'm worried I'm I mean I might have more fun listening to the Bob  Dillon song too.
  There's always a chance with these alternate options.
  Right.
  It is a little bit longer.
  You could just watch an equivalent amount I suppose.
  Inspired by Peter Fonda's appearance in this episode and the reference to the film that  he's in.
  Julie's gold.
  I thought that maybe you could instead of watching one of these five episodes you could  watch a 1998 interview with Peter Fonda on Charlie Rose where he discusses his his role  as a beekeeper in Julie's gold and his memoir Don't Tell Dad.
  All right.
  I accept that.
  I accept that as my alternative.
  I mean I look I honestly it sounds it sounds really good compared to what you guys are  what Jason's going to have to do.
  So guys lived an interesting life.
  Probably a dear about his memoir film legend.
  He was an easy rider.
  Did you hear motorcycles.
  I believe he might have been.
  I'm reading the transcript.
  You know they're talking about dirty Mary crazy Larry and he just won a film critic  circle award.
  1998 was a big time for Peter.
  So I'm excited to send you back to that era with him.
  That's great.
  Jason let's let's the last thing I wanted to say was that there was a bunch of like weird  jokes about like people cutting themselves and like like weird upsetting like suicide  jokes that weren't funny.
  Yeah there was a really like there was an odd Kirstie Alley fat joke that then the characters  like why did I make that joke.
  That's a secret and Roy drinking in the lobby of the Betty Ford Center was one of the grim  is psych acts I've ever seen.
  Yeah this yeah I don't.
  All right that's unless you got something else let's do the next episode Jason.
  All right.
  This is where the episodes start to get even stranger.
  So let me read you off the OK.
  So the first three I'm going to tell you the titles together and there's a reason I'm doing  that.
  Sarmani moves in is one.
  Then there's another episode called Road Trip and then there's another episode called the  Thanksgiving episode.
  Now you're probably going oh I know when that one aired but you're wrong.
  All three of those aired the same night December 28th 2004.
  You know New Year's the week between Christmas and New Year's when new shows don't  typically air.
  Well they did the burn off.
  They did the one night burn off.
  Then there's an episode called Stage fright which on the DVD they refer to as an alternate  pilot stage fright.
  It's the last episode to air in the United States that aired May 27th 2005 and then the  very last full episode the Siegfried and Roy fantasy experience movie never aired in  America.
  It only aired in the UK and it's on the DVD.
  It is on that YouTube playlist.
  So I'll leave it to you guys if you would like to choose from those titles what you  want to skip.
  Do you have a new jerk.
  I would like to skip.
  Saramati moves in Saramati is so unpleasant.
  I'm really I'm really sick of Saramati.
  Yeah that's a really good pick.
  So I think I'm going to need the break the most later on.
  So I'm going to I'm going to cancel that stage fright and come back for the Siegfried and Roy  fantasy experience movie though I don't think I'm going to like any of these episodes.
  I do know in advance that the Thanksgiving episode and Siegfried and Roy fantasy experience  both have writing credits from David Goodman the head of the WGA who has led a fight that I  believe in leaving the agents and the ATA.
  And he's very good and funny in these meetings and just seems like a good guy.
  So in support and solidarity with David Goodman I'm going to watch both of his episodes and I  will skip stage fright.
  OK.
  All right.
  So Mike I will email you Charlie Rose's 1998 interview with Peter Fonda which you'll get to  first.
  It would seem I will listen to this inscrutable Bob Dylan song and we I don't think the reports  have to be very lengthy but you know we should say make sure we should show our work make sure  that we did actually check these things out.
  All right.
  I'm also going to eat something so I don't pass out.
  Yes sure.
  OK.
  So we'll be looser on the return time but for you the audience it'll happen in just a moment.
  Bye bye.
  Bye.
  Well welcome back everyone.
  We've completed the gauntlet finished the series and I'm going to go ahead and say much to my  surprise that last block of episodes were the most pleasant of them all.
  Am I crazy.
  Am I wrong.
  You guys seem surprised that I am surprised.
  Yeah I look I missed one of them the last one I did like more.
  But you know it's still very relatively speaking.
  I'll say this there's two there's two jokes one is in the one with David Spade is the Fox.
  First of all I kind of thought Spade was OK is the Fox.
  I kind of like that character.
  He he says he's going to like take care of something and he's going to distract a bus  and he like stops in front of the buses if it's like he's going to make it stop and then the bus  rolls over him.
  Pretty good gag.
  That was a good gag.
  Yeah.
  Then there's a joke later I forget which episode.
  Oh I think it's the it's the Kelsey Grammer one where one of Siegfried Roy tells Kelsey  Grammer that as a child his dad made him watch the sound of music and root against the von Trapps.
  Yeah.
  That's a good joke.
  I like that joke.
  That's a solid joke.
  Other than that I don't know it wasn't that much different than the rest.
  I thought these were less hateful overall.
  The Thanksgiving one.
  Well OK the Thanksgiving one did not land.
  Yeah the Thanksgiving OK.
  But it the Thanksgiving one is maybe the worst one of all of them.
  That is probably though it it.
  But don't you think it was trying something.
  I guess it was trying something it really ate shit every single place it tried to go.
  That episode was so unpleasant.
  Extreme.
  That's that's the word.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You watched that one right.
  That was that was still on my list.
  Yeah.
  It was sort of a.
  What's her name.
  I already don't remember her name.
  Kate Kate Kate.
  Cheryl Hines is running for president of the PTA and it finds that there's like a block of  voters that she has to please or she offends them or something.
  And that's the that's turkeys.
  She says Turk all turkeys look alike.
  That's what it is.
  OK.
  Yeah.
  But it was so confusing.
  The metaphor got so confusing at some point.
  Like it didn't really mean.
  Did you Jason did you get high in between the last time you recorded it now.
  OK.
  I'm drinking a beer and and and I took a few puffs out of a.
  Yeah.
  We figured it out.
  What is the missing element that made it more.
  No I thought something.
  Thanksgiving was the worst but like I thought stage fright.
  The one was Kelsey Grammer.
  So that's what the DVD says that is the reworked pilot.
  So I think that was supposed to I think the intent of the show was that that would be the first one  and then the second one would be Sam Roddy moves in which somewhere along these episodes I think  they started pronouncing his name differently.
  Am I crazy.
  You could you could have said anything and I would have gone oh yeah OK.
  And I've said his name like three or four times already I don't remember it.
  Or motor.
  Thanks Sir.
  Moody I think story line wise it would make more sense that he retires and then he moves in with  the family.
  It was just happening without explanation like suddenly like we've seen him there before.
  Right.
  I think those were meant to be the first two episodes and then shit aired fucked up you know.
  That's a good description of the entire series.
  But the Siegfried and Roy fantasy experience movie had a fun I like the gag where they  there's one bulb out in their giant sign and they skydive out of a helicopter to fix it.
  That's all right.
  I like the commercial for the competing magician.
  Yes I like that too.
  That was good.
  That was finally something good and I like that they're performing at a casino called the  fan dango.
  I think that's a really good approximation of a casino name.
  I agree with that.
  But then also I don't tell me if I'm wrong.
  I don't think there is a single one that didn't fulfill the the the father of the pride base of  having a homophobic joke.
  I think every single one had one at least if not way more.
  I think that's correct.
  I think one or two of these later ones did not maybe.
  All I know is that I did like this one more for the most part and then right at the end  they got like oh they just checked them off.
  There's the gay one there's a trans joke and then that one is about yeah.
  Kate is in like a women's group and Larry is wondering what's going on what crazy ideas  are they putting in her head and right at the end of the episode he charges into the  women's group meeting and says give me back my wife you crazy lesbians.
  Yeah that's true.
  Okay yeah that wasn't great.
  But in there were but I liked seeing that same bottle of wine again.
  It was nice to see it for a third time.
  And I love that this episode was a good chance to reference Bill friggin Murray y'all.
  We it was a big Larry's plan with all of his buddies with like his orangutan friend  and everybody else is there all the guys are going to get together and watch all their  favorite Bill Murray movies and let me tell you if Bill Murray is referenced that's all I need.
  No more jokes needed no more content needed say the name and I'm satisfied.
  You love it and you go deep like you're a broken flowers guy you know.
  Well he's got doesn't need broken flowers he just needs a picture of that icon of  partying and chilling out.
  Oh you just need a t-shirt you just need like a reddish t-shirt.
  Give me meatballs give me let me see that floppy caddy shag hat that's that's all I need man.
  He's the king of the bros.
  Dolly llama he carried for him.
  Yeah the dolly Murray in Murray we trust.
  I think so I would say that's right.
  I'm a Murray bro Murray or bust.
  I call him like like my boy Danny A I like to call him the murricane.
  That's what Danny Danny Ackroyd calls him.
  Oh boy oh boy.
  Murricane.
  That's what his friends call him is Danny Ackroyd so you feel like like a friend.
  They're they're all their friends.
  The one where okay the episode now we're getting all over the place here.
  Can the episode where Larry's wife Kate goes and goes to a women's group is like  the most sitcom-y Homer Simpson ripoff episode that I just so I just oh I checked out.
  You must have been having a fun party over there Jason.
  I don't know what you must have been like really.
  Comparably I just thought the second block of episodes was so grim that there was the  slightly more competence.
  I guess my I was just so drained after the second block the slight appearance of competence  in a couple of these episodes perked me up a little bit.
  Look uh uh dear listeners when you watch all 13 of these episodes you'll have to let us know  did you find the last five more competent.
  Or is Jace.
  CGI CGI Kelsey Grammer and Cat Cat Therapist.
  But didn't look very good.
  No but uh but was Kelsey Grammer that was his voice unlike CGI Martin Scorsese which  was clearly not.
  I just feel like you got CGI Kelsey Grammer they didn't really do much with him.
  That's true.
  I can't believe of all the ones that I sat out that the one that I arbitrarily sat out  that was the one with a creepy CGI Kelsey Grammer.
  Yeah really fucked up.
  That's a tragedy.
  Although it's not because the episode was not good.
  Okay.
  Which one did you sit out?  Uh what's his name the old man on the stage.
  Sarmody moves in.
  I have the least I I left my body in that one.
  I don't I have no idea.
  I really don't know.
  I it's early somebody and it says I know you won't come here without my money biatch.
  I know that about it.
  Well they explain how they get the rug.
  They explain how they get the zebra rug.
  Is that in other episodes and then this does appear in other episodes.
  That's right.
  So there's a rug.
  There's a rug the entire time but then oddly nine episodes in you find out why they have  a rug because they aired in a bizarre order.
  Yes I believe so.
  This episode also features snack uh kind of gets tossed or is running away.
  He he runs over three women uh lying on rafts in a pool and each woman's  bosom plays the NBC jiggle.
  Ding ding ding ding ding ding.
  Fuck that shit.
  Garbage all garbage.
  I don't want to jump over I'm all over the plot.
  I'm now I'm just mad now looking through my notes in my pic.
  I took pictures of the show.
  They're like the joke of like the turkeys are coming over and then the old man is really  racist against turkeys and then they're about to feed him corn and he's like no that's a  stereotype but then the turkeys like corn afterward they're like I guess they like corn  and then the old man accuses the turkeys of stealing his watch.
  Excuse me.
  Sarmati accuses the turkeys of stealing his watch but then they did steal his watch at the end.
  Like the whole episode that's the sucks so bad.
  It's so bad.
  Principal appears to be Tress McNeil.
  Is that right?  I believe that's right.
  Yes.
  Sounds like Lindsay Nagle.
  Yeah.
  There's a James Carville turtle.
  Is that what that was?  I didn't catch that metaphor at all.
  I thought that was like they were doing a James Carville voice.
  I don't know that episode was such a mess.
  It was the turkeys are kind of stand-ins for for Jewish people at times but also  Mexicans but also Native Americans like it's all it's it changes and bends what exactly  they're a metaphor for and then are they good or are they bad and they're sort of all at once.
  And they accuse the turk the turk appears so they go like yeah you know the white man took  the land from the Native American but the Native American took it from the turkey.
  And they're like oh my what is what are we doing here?  I'm worried that what is the more that we talk about this episode that someone that will say  a quote that's just from the show and then someone will just snip only that.
  I know.
  And then we'll get we'll get Shane Gillis.
  Then where it'll be a wrongful Shane Gillis thing.
  Well right I mean his wasn't taken out of context.
  His wasn't no it's an EM say that's an incorrect being incorrect  Shane Gillis thing which is was correct.
  When like you'll have to like distance yourself from me online.
  Yeah we're all gonna have to do it because we watched the show they're gonna stitch together  a bunch of stuff somebody else stitch together me saying it was wrong to get rid of Shane Gillis.
  Right.
  I just said it I just volunteered it what am I doing the longer I talk  the more we're all providing cancelable quotes.
  I mean the weirdest part is that Mike's substitute watch  the fine print on Mike watching that interview is that he has to do a long segment about how  Charlie Rose was robbed and he's actually innocent right Michael you agreed to that.
  No I did not agree to that that was not part of the deal.
  You said I am the head of the char Charlie Rose innocence project.
  I have not I know I disavow any knowledge of the Charlie Rose innocence project.
  They're gonna just say somebody's gonna take clip out dis and just I avow  the Charlie Rose since I do not avow I do not avow we're screwed.
  I'm about to go ahead.
  I was gonna how about Larry on the no his wife's and his anniversary when he loves to put on a  Jimi Hendrix wig and play Jimi Hendrix music.
 That's the thing he does he wears a wig  that looks like Jimi Hendrix's hair.
  And they cleared the songs they like clear the songs for Jimi Hendrix music.
  They cleared the songs but what about the Ghostbusters sound alike song that plays over  the credits.
  Not that one no they didn't do that.
  They didn't clear that.
  What with all these Jimi Hendrix song clearances you know you got to wonder how the math sorted  out to where each episode cost 2.
5 million dollars.
  I wonder.
  God.
  There's a broader issue in a lot of episodes and again I credit Aaron with this observation.
  How come so they were soon as Siegfried and Roy show up anywhere they all they dropped to all fours.
  Right that's that's kind of the premise that they all stand on hind legs.
  But there's sort of a Toy Story thing going on or like they are Rugrats more accurately or like  Siegfried and Roy don't know they talk in the way the parents don't know the Rugrats talk.
  So there's this ruse being kept up but they like it's always like we got caught like quick on all  fours everyone.
  But that's what that happens when Siegfried and Roy walk up and talk to them in front of their  homes where they have television sets and furniture.
  Why so they're allowed to have all that they all have like recliners  and you know Wi-Fi routers but they don't have they can't stand up and talk.
  They also always look very indifferent at Siegfried and Roy or mad.
  I would say there is no relationship between the animals and Siegfried and Roy.
  I mean the most relationship happens when snack becomes friendly with Roy  on the Thanksgiving episode.
  He says his hair smells like home.
  It's really sweet.
  Yes and snack and also Roy hugs snack and then he comments on the fact that snack has a penis.
  As a boner it seems like.
  Probably a boner right because there's like a romantic thing between snack and Roy  but then Roy takes another animal as a pet and they play it off like Roy is caught  Roy is caught between two lovers.
  This show is so weird.
  I just wanted to put some stuff in perspective for you guys.
  Scott you said two to two point five million an episode for the budget of this show.
  It appears the average budget for an episode of Mad Men a very expensive  prestige television was two to three billion.
  What?  A show filled with period details and like actors who were multi seasons in like you know.
  Dear Lord.
  Oh my God.
  Sometimes the same as Mad Men.
  This cost sometimes the same.
  Yeah sometimes the same.
  With inflation may cost more than an episode of Mad Men.
  Fuck God I think I knew the show was going to be not good but I didn't think it would  be so just abrasive and headache inducing that there'd be things about erections and  pitching tents so often and again I cannot underline enough gay jokes in every single one of them.
  Yeah yes.
  Why I never go to see this coming.
  A large amount even for again for the time a lot too many like you wouldn't be like oh well that's  obviously every show was like that at the time it wasn't I don't think.
  No I've just watched shows from before this from the 90s from the 80s.
  Like unless things suddenly turned really toxic just for like a year there and we'd go back and  watch any like according to Jim is just full of like.
  I mean maybe that's right.
  Of all the shows yes that one's the most likely.
  You picked according to Jim I don't know it could be every other  every other sentence.
  But just JAG has a monologue in every episode about keeping those homosexuals out of this forest.
  I've never really said no one's ever actually paid attention to JAG before.
  That's why if you did yes all of the show that's all the CBS shows we all make fun of who watches  this it's because touched by an angel is excessively homophobic every time.
  Hawaii 5-0 is still in the air nine seasons in and it's just full of gay jokes still.
  In 2020.
  And I think it's how crass they are in this like well you didn't need to fill that time  like you could have just ended that scene or just had a non sequitur about something else like it.
  Yeah.
  Couldn't yeah anything else could have been done and speaking of doing other things.
  Mike and I got to take some well deserved breaks.
  Mike how did you feel about your break time?  Oh I loved listening to one of the great actors of our time I guess of a different time.
  Talk about making the Oscar nominated Golden Globe nominated winning Uly's Gold.
  Of course Peter Fonda played Uly Jackson.
  Sort of a reclusive beekeeper and I learned a lot about sort of the making of the movie.
  I learned I forget that I'm forgetting the director's name but they referred to him as  the gentle bear on set and Peter Fonda he he basically he loved working with this  with this director and he would he said he'd love to work with him he said he'd carry water on the  set that's how much he liked working with this guy and he was just sort of explaining his process.
  You know he's just he's smaller is better he thinks and he was talking about his father the  great Henry Fonda who was a bit of a withholding type to be very honest I think towards the end  of their life.
  Let's see who the dad refers to in the book is his memoir which is also discussed.
  His memoir memoir is discussed and he was a bit withholding when he was a youth but toward the  end I think they had a better relationship and he was talking about acting and you know  playing things more internal throwing things away and it's like how is dad Henry Fonda threw away  the last line of of grapes of wrath which of course laid John Steinbeck's work bear for the  audience to really absorb it and I found this interesting process a little bit of personal  history show business history this is by far the highlight of my day I would say without question.
  But in Saramani Moves In Siegfried develops a gambling problem.
  He almost blows the whole fortune.
  He almost blows the whole fortune they finally go to a casino floor and I'm surprised for a  movie that probably got some kickbacks from Vegas or the Mirage MGM company they were showing a  negative portrayal of gambling.
  Well you know they got they were allowed to get a little irreverent in some of these storylines.
  Look that sounds great will I ever watch that?  No I will say I will never watch that episode never ever.
  You will never watch Saramani Moves In.
  I will never watch Saramani Moves In.
  What if I were to tell you that Dick Cheney is back there's another Dick Cheney zeitgeist.
  Why is Dick Cheney in so many episodes?  It was just a zeitgeisty reference.
  So sticking it to the man.
  Did the reelection committee like slip them some like we'll cover an episode we'll cover  an episode for you we just got to get our boy in there.
  They were probably wondering if we could you know like can we use his likeness is that okay  and then Katzenberg caught wind of it and like I'm on a boat with him right now I'll ask.
  It's okay it's not gonna look like him anyway who gives a shit.
  Okay.
  How good do you think our rendering is?  It's gonna look like a sim.
  I do think you're likely to watch the film Yulie's Gold.
  If in the next couple weeks I just happen upon it if it happens to be like free streaming on  crackle or 2B do you know 2B?  I do I do have 2B downloaded yes.
  T-U-B-I 2B they have some free movies on there I've recently learned.
  If it if it happened to be streaming would I throw it on oh sure.
  I got news for you Mike it's on Hulu.
  Is it really?  I almost thought about having you watch the 22 arbitrary minutes of it and then I realized  it'd be more enriching for you to learn about Peter Fonda and his process.
  I think you made the right call but that does not that does not mean I don't want to see  the story of Yulie Jackson.
  Why is he reclusive?  He doesn't really get into that so deep but he did win the Golden Globe for it I'll say that.
  I mean that speaks for itself in the end Yulie's Gold was the Globe.
  Yulie Jackson.
  Well I mean my experience is skipping road trip no I watched road trip.
  Why skip the stage fright?  You skipped stage fright and Scott what if I were to tell you you missed another occurrence of the  Dick Cheney psyche.
  Yes Dick Cheney was in stage fright and Sarmati talks about growing up in Africa which is even  weirder.
  He did not grow up there.
  No yeah Sarmati well I keep thinking it's like Scaramucci in my head.
  Sierra the daughter they're okay so they're watching there's a psych ag where the daughter  and the son are watching the Lion King and she has filled the son's cone with popcorn.
  How about that and then he says what's happening in the movie and she says the line  Simba was sad and then Darth Vader said some made up Africa crap so that made it onto network  television that line.
  Father of the pride decided to be higher and mightier than the Lion King.
  Mm hmm.
  Katzenberg got wind of the what do you mean he was going to put a dream jerks in California  adventure that won't stand.
  Time to shit on my old work.
  This was the episode that we should have made the big pitch for Eisner to be on.
  We're going to sync up and watch it with him.
  We screwed up Eisner should have done all episodes with us and he should have watched  the Peter Fonda clip or listen to the Bob Dylan song and then we should have all  gotten on here because he would have loved to give us some Katzenberg stuff.
  Oh yeah that'd be great I mean we should pitch him like Mike we're gonna call it  settling scores with Michael Eisner huh?  He has no venue to do that other than our show.
  Yeah I mean we'll create a stern like environment where he feels comfortable you know  revisiting old feuds.
  I also feel very rewarded because like you Mike I got to you know sit and hear wisdom from one  of the great artists of the 20th century and beyond in the song Murder Most Foul.
  Bob Dylan not only relives the JFK assassination but also much of the pop culture  that shaped him that shaped America in the 60s and 70s and via a series of endless couplets for 17  straight minutes over a drone of piano and cello.
  We go back we time travel with Bob and we hear lines like  November 12th 1963 a day that will live in infamy.
  That does sound like Bob Dylan but it also sounds like Keenan's Pierre Escargot character.
  They blew off his head while he was still in the car.
  I thought it was sort of Sandler-esque a little bit too.
  Oh yeah that too yeah.
  Sabadoo JFK shoot-a-roo.
  The one that I made it through the song without stopping until I needed a breather when he I  got to the line the day they blew out the brains of the king.
  What are they talking about?  What's that?  What they blew out the brains of the king they're talking about who?  The JFK.
  Kennedy?  Oh my god.
  Yeah the best guy.
  And how long is this song again?  17 minutes and it's lyrics non-stop and it's all like that it's very Dr.
 Seuss  like ba da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
  Which I felt inspired to relive my own history in the same  format and I decided to try my hand you know I hey I'm no Dylan but you know there's a little poet  in all of us and I decided to see if I could write some murder most foul type lines about what I've  experienced today.
  About father of the pride?  About father of the pride.
  Oh I love it.
  Which with this experience today watching this entire series felt as long as living through  the 1960s so with that let me see if I can convey the experience here.
  Siegfried and Roy the magicians are rich some OTA likes to say crappy and bitch.
  Lesbian gophers stronger and shimmy Larry likes to wear a wig like Jimmy.
  Play smash mouth for donkey from Shrek.
  Cheryl Hines cashes a paycheck.
  Smoking cat nip make the lions all growl.
  Father of the pride is a serious most foul.
  There you have it.
  I mean I think that was all worth it and hey Jimmy and Chaga definitely trust McNeil voices  that's confirmed don't I?  I think so yeah and hey they made out that was a lot of fun.
  Yeah.
  So there you have it I mean this also as we record this March 29th 2020 a day that will  live in you for me.
  As the worst thing I guess I ever did.
  To ourselves or to the audience.
  This is way worse than fuzz bucket.
  Tested my will tested my relationship.
  No it sounded like you had a great time.
  Yeah you got high on catnip with your girl.
  Yeah I think I came around with the catnip at the end.
  I wish you like the lions could have eaten it from sausages.
  I well that you know that is a good idea I should run one month well my once a week  trip to the store I should pick up some sausages because I don't know what I have.
  Once a week you're daring you're real daredevil.
  Yeah really.
  What do you mean?  No that's what they're saying you're supposed to do.
  Oh that's what they're saying yes I'm trying to I'm trying to do it you know two or more.
  I'm afraid to go outside anyway I admire your bravery.
  Oh I've been walking every day.
  I've been walking after all this after father of the pride and that felt good.
  For getting the getting kissed from the sun felt excellent after what I've endured.
  Sure what about making sausages Jason?  Uh I've never tried I don't really think I have the the you know grinder type utilities  and the casings probably gross.
  Well I have a suggestion for what to grind up and stick in a sausage the DVD.
  This four dollar DVD.
  You know maybe for Twitch I'll watch the animatic.
  I'll watch the animatic and the original pilot and do commentary on that.
  Not for this I'll wait I'll wait for the episode to drop and then I'll be like folks  I gotta close the loop I gotta close the circle it's gonna drive the OCD part of my brain nuts  if I don't finish this DVD.
  I was gonna say we give this away at a live show but I'm afraid to put my signature on this item.
  Well that's yeah that's okay we don't have to sign it.
  You just mean you don't want and you don't want it to be in someone's home because of you.
  I I mean that and also just having our names like even just written on it marker.
  Why are we signing it though?  Why are we so we don't have to sign it?  People might ask you know.
  So we can sign something else.
  Yeah we should probably sign something else.
  It's a presumptuous autograph I feel.
  That's okay fair enough.
  In your scenario people are like I demand the three of you sign this.
  Well I would I would I mean if this was like a funny giveaway be like hey would you sign it?  I think that'd be fun.
  If I ever saw if I if I had the copy with me in my car and I ran into Cheryl Hines or Orlando  Jones maybe I'd have them try to sign it but then I think they might like  throw smack it out of my hand onto the ground.
  Have the wait for the DVD to break and then press it against my neck and threaten me.
  Or just go what are you talking about?  I wasn't in that.
  That's a solid move I think on the part of anyone involved in this show.
  Let's let's get out of here.
  Let's let's let's end this.
  You know what I think is funny just as a closing thought.
  You know a lot of the throughout the downtown Disney ordeal I was trying to reduce things,  get out of things, avoid doing things.
  I like how we came up with an escape hatch for us to miss some of this and everyone agreed it was fine.
  Oh yeah there's no argument.
  I was thinking though that and we're still in the middle of a quarantine situation here.
  I was thinking if after the first few if we had said like hey instead of doing this let's throw  it out the window and I'll drive down and just review the exteriors of the businesses on Harbor  Boulevard.
  I would have 100% said you know what let's do that.
  Let's go do that instead.
  Yeah.
  This this yeah I think we all we all saw the writing on the wall.
  Very quickly.
  Very quickly and no no even amount of funny bit no even amount of funny bits were going to like  make us stick to some sort of some sort of structure to this.
  I guess Jason insisted on watching all of it.
  And it turns out he's just one of the biggest fans of the show.
  I mean I you know at this point.
  By default.
  I would love to ask yeah I would love to hear from people involved in the show.
  I would love to hear more stories because I'm so curious.
  I mean if it's early 2000 Dreamworks coming off of Shrek's like massive success  and it's got a huge budget how could just how do you say no?  How do you say no?  How I don't know I would never say no to Mr.
 Katzenberg to Mr.
 Roy or Mr.
 Siegfried.
  I would never.
  But then another question is how do you see a script that on every page contains a gay  joke that is gone.
  There's such a circuitous lengthy path to get to it.
  How do you not take a really thick sharpie and exit out as many times as possible?  Yeah that is also very fair.
  That's a great question as well.
  Who is the script editor on this show?  Sar modi?  Could you imagine if you had to work for Sar modi?  Oh man that would probably lead to some some tales.
  Get out of my office you dumb bitch.
  You know it never refers to being a lion.
  There's so little of the show is about being a lion.
  If it had been about lion stuff I would have loved it but it's like my boss is coming over.
  But there's an election in my kid's school.
  The not like it's sparingly occasionally accidentally about being a lion.
  Yeah.
  Barely about magic shows.
  Like hardly any magic.
  Yes.
  But the mind is not the magic when it comes to the show.
  Look here's what's going to happen.
  I mean we've all been through a real psychological journey today and  we're going to have to sit and recover from this just like  Yulia Jackson recovers from a knife wound at the end of the film Yulia's Gold.
  But we'll be the more enriched for it.
  We'll grow and we'll be better people.
  That's right.
  Three Yulia Jackson's.
  That's us.
  And what you're listening to right now is Yulia's Gold.
  Yulia's Gold.
  The Gold of the Three Yulia's is what you just heard.
  No longer the good boys were referred to as the Three Yulia's.
  And you just endured the Three Yulia's.
  The new our new catchphrase is that is what we are.
  Three solitary in hiding beekeepers.
  Making trying to make honey or harvest honey from terrible television shows.
  And I hope you enjoyed that honey today.
  Dear fucking Lord let's never do anything like this again.
  My least favorite episode we've ever done.
  It's nice to have a definitive.
  I think for sure I would say 100%.
  Yeah.
  The first episode we've ever done.
  If you would like to watch Father of the Pride,  retrain your brain to do anything else.
  What's the order?  What's the correct order?  And I think the order is none.
  If you happen upon it, maybe the order is  go to YouTube, look up the episodes on the channel Top Tunes, report the top tunes  to YouTube for crimes against humanity and we'll get all these episodes removed.
  Copyright strike.
  Take down notice.
  Top Tunes.
  I don't like to be a narc on copyright issues, but in this case,  yes, something must be done.
  The government must be alerted.
  Yes.
  Everything I think everything you can get out of this show.
  There's one JPEG of like donkey standing next to Larry the lion.
  That's what you need.
  You just need that JPEG.
  Well, I have one picture of Kelsey Grammer that I captured on my phone.
  I mean, that's good.
  Yeah.
  I mean, that's that's all right, too.
  I like that to become a meme.
  Well, definitely.
  We'll be posting that for sure.
  Yes.
  We need to popularize bizarre stiff CGI Kelsey Grammer.
  CGI Kelsey Grammer.
  Of course, Martin, you know, he's got those big eyebrows, a precursor to Shark Tale,  precursor to Martin Scorsese showing up at Shark Tale.
  Where they got the real guy.
  Where they got the real guy.
  More money, you know.
  Let's never let's not watch that.
  Let's not watch anything.
  Let's take a break.
  Let's not record one for like a month and a half.
  Yeah, I don't really.
  It's fine not to.
  I sent you the photo of Kelsey Grammer on your phones.
  And that's the last we ever hear from Mike.
  That's the last.
  It's a screen grab a Kelsey Grammer.
  And then last night when he texted us the Disney Plus page for returned Oz.
  This is a terror.
  I'm deleting this thread.
  Return to Oz compared to the return.
  Oz is a masterpiece compared to this.
  I don't I don't doubt that.
  I certainly don't doubt that.
  And every other episode of podcast, the ride is a masterpiece compared to this.
  Listen to the rest.
  They subscribe.
  Check us out on Facebook, Twitter, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
  And yeah, that's it.
  Let's get out of here.
  All right.
  All right.
  All right.
  Good riddance.
