 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Ding, ding, ding, it's the sound of the dinner bell  here at Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate.
  I'm Jason Sheridan.
  That voice I believe is Mike Carlson.
  Yes, I was just responding to the ding ding  of the dinner bell as I usually do.
  I'm like Pavlov's dog when it comes to that bell.
  Well sure, when Mrs.
 Knott's is ringing that dinner bell,  all the lonely traveling salesmen  are coming in for a hot meal.
  Scott Garner here as well.
  Oh, I'm salivating from miles away.
  Ding ding.
  Quarantine would be very difficult for, you know,  the traveling salesman of the type that was probably happy  for the old Knott's chicken roadside stop, you know?  Right, a Willy Loman type would be really,  it'd be tough for him during quarantine.
  I mean, he was depressed already.
  Yeah.
  But at least he was well-liked.
  He wasn't just liked, he was well-liked.
  Right.
  A traveling salesman might have no idea  that some such thing had broken out.
  Because he was on the road so often.
  That's true.
  Unless he's checking the radio a lot,  but if he'd rather hear Glenn Miller instead,  who could blame him?  Jason, was there ever a time in your life  when you thought maybe traveling salesman  is the career for me?  I don't, is there much in the way of traveling salesman?  I'll say this, I feel like half the people  I went to high school with now  list their occupation as medical device salesman.
  Yes.
  And I have no idea what that entails.
  I believe here.
  I know a little tiny bit about this.
  I believe, and somebody correct me if I'm wrong,  I believe they find a nice, personable, attractive person  that goes around to doctor's offices  and sells medical equipment.
  Or I think a similar job is drug spokesman.
  So they get them to get a notepad  with a type of drug on it,  and then the doctor is more apt to prescribe  that type of drug to their patients.
  I believe that's what this is sort of like.
  So I guess maybe that's more the modern equivalent  of what a traveling salesman would do,  but it's only a local.
  You only visit doctor's offices locally.
  But they have to be kind of a charmer,  a looker, like a prices right model?  I believe yes.
  That's a good way to put it.
  I think that's sort of the idea.
  I think you can, human beings aren't that sophisticated  even as much as we'd like to think we are.
  This could all be yours.
  Yeah, I think it's, yes, you wear like a red dress  and you put the different drugs  and medical equipment behind curtains.
  And it'd be nice if it was sparkly too,  because the doctor's offices have those fluorescent lights.
  So really get those sparkling against that gown.
  And then I think they're just sort of mesmerized  by the whole presentation.
  But yeah.
  Blind them with elegance.
  That's the way to a doctor's heart.
  Blind them with elegance.
  It's a famous phrase, yes.
  In the medical community.
  When I'm asking Jason about traveling,  I'm expecting, I'm more thinking like,  vacuum cleaner salesman door to door.
  That's the type of thing I was thinking.
  Because it seems like an old timey profession.
  And one that you would feel like kind of puts you back  in sort of a classic time period.
  That's the only reason I ask.
  I don't mind.
  I'm sure it gets lonely on the road sometimes.
  And I do like hotels, but here in LA,  we have a lot of decrepit looking stores  that say vacuum cleaner repairs.
  Have you guys ever come across these places,  like vacuum cleaner repair shops  that look like they've been there for decades?  I've seen one or two.
  The first thing that comes to mind, of course,  is the front for Robert Forrester's disappearing business  in the Breaking Bad universe.
  That's true.
  Yeah.
  We have to assume all of them now are disappearing businesses.
  So yeah, that's sort of what I think of now  when I see those places.
  But I don't feel like I see them that frequently.
  But there's one or two I can imagine.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, I guess we should mention,  so we're talking about the Knott's,  how do, what are the words?  The Knott's Chicken Dinner curbside pickup today.
  We're reviving, finally.
  Which we did.
  Finally.
  Finally.
  Yeah, why are we talking about you  being a traveling salesman?  Your job is cub reporter.
  That's right.
  You went out, hit the streets  for one of the biggest stories  in the theme park world right now.
  Specifically, I did it.
  I went to Knott's and got the chicken.
  I was the sole one to do it.
  In a very funny fashion.
  That's correct.
  So I think a few weeks ago they announced  that Knott's was gonna start doing takeaway  chicken and biscuits and boysenberry pies.
  And I think it was my-  From their famous chicken dinner restaurant  outside the park that predated the theme park  that's been there since the 1930s.
  And the whole history of Knott's is that  so many people were lining up to get the chicken dinners.
  We better give them something to do.
  What if we put up this old wagon or this horse cart?  And then it became a ghost town.
  And then they put in rides and all of Knott's Berry Farm  grew out of this chicken dinner restaurant.
  Yes.
  And a few weeks ago they announced  they were gonna do this.
  Mike joked we should do an episode about this.
  I think we kind of laughed.
  And then a couple, one week ago,  or 10 days ago or so, Scott said,  you know, that would be funny if we did that.
  And I specifically remember where I was  when you said that, Scott,  because I was in the middle of the line  for a male functioning automatic car wash.
  And-  Oh no.
  What was wrong?  I was like,  like, what, we gotta go,  I gotta drive for chicken?  What?  And the car, is the car wash, what is going on?  I was literally panicking of like, oh no,  am I going to be stuck in this car wash line for an hour?  Just because the whole thing was,  my car was just covered in pollen and bird shit  from not moving it for a while.
  So I was like, well, I don't have to interact  with anyone at this car wash.
  And then it all went downhill.
  So like people getting out of their cars,  workers coming out of the building,  and eventually it was fine.
  And you were in the middle of it?  I was in the middle of it as the episode planning started.
  And I was like, oh my God, okay.
  Be normal, be normal in the text message chain.
  Don't stress out.
  Wow, yeah, you showed no sign of this.
  You didn't let the stress of this assignment show at all.
  Wow, yeah.
  I didn't want to be,  I did not want to come off as a maniac.
  I didn't want to try to explain it.
  I was like, no, I'll save this for the air.
  How long were you in there?  I think I was there probably like half an hour  because eventually it started to go.
  And then like the person in front of me,  like whatever they ordered,  like the guy had to come out again  and like manually turn stuff on and on and wave.
  And it was just a drive-in car wash  where you don't get out of the car.
  Like, and then like the people behind me are like,  well, do you know what's going on?  And I'm like, no, I don't.
  So you weren't in the actual washing thing.
  You were just in a line.
  No, I, yes, I was just in the line,  but it was like a walled off like queue,  like car, so there was no way I could get out of the line  unless people started moving.
  So.
 Right.
  Can I ask what, which of the,  usually there's three options at these car washes.
  Which are the three, the lowest one,  the medium one or the top one?  Oh, the lowest.
  Okay.
  It's like six.
 I'm with you there.
  I don't understand the,  as much as I'd like to make a Jason is cheap joke,  I think that lowest one is,  what are you getting for those extra polishes?  Well, that is a good question.
  I don't really know the answer to it,  but I just, I, last time I did one of these things,  I was like, well, let me see what happens  when you do $8 instead of $6.
  And I.
 Did you tell anything?  I couldn't.
  I'm not sure.
  Somebody, maybe somebody can explain to us.
  So one of the listeners can explain to us  what the difference is, but it's like,  they spray like an extra thing on the car,  but then like it doesn't,  the car doesn't get dried off usually by those fans they have.
  So the whole thing is a little like  water spotted afterward anyway.
  Yeah.
  I've told you guys, right.
  That my, about when my dad was in a news report  about this subject.
  No, I don't think so.
  No.
  Am I not?  I gotta, boy, I'll try to find this and put this online  if I can.
  There's a tape of it somewhere.
  He, my dad came home from work so proud one day,  just beaming.
  And we're like, what's going on?  And he's like, you'll see at six.
  And then we put on the news and watched the whole news.
  And it was deep into the news and we didn't know why.
  And then it was a story about how they, you know,  they pay, they charge you a certain amount for the car wash,  but they don't dry the car.
  What you just said, it's an upgrade  that they don't really tell you to get the cars dry.
  And so there's a whole news story that's shots of cars  and like cars soaking wet as far as the ice can sit.
  Like this real like local business buster episode.
  And then it cuts to my dad for two seconds.
  And he says, I think I'm getting ripped off.
  And then he was just, just beaming,  just like heaven's light was on him.
  He was so happy.
  He was on the news.
  And then he, but what was funny about it  was that it was the car wash, the gas station,  he always goes to, and then he, and he knows the owner  and he's friendly with the owner.
  And then when it was over, he went up and just like,  Hey, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to sell you out, man.
  I just wanted to be on the news.
  The guy's like, I understand.
  I get it.
  Did he really think he was being ripped off  or he just did it for the cameras?  I don't think he really cared.
  I mean, well, he was as annoyed as you were just now  where you're like, it costs extra to dry it off.
  But you could never be more angry than that for real.
  It's not like $50.
  This is one of the greatest moments of my childhood.
  Wow, you got to find this.
  Yeah, yeah, I'll try it.
  I think there's a tape somewhere.
  Dad on the news.
  It must be hand labeled.
  I think, my mom was on the news once  and it was like thrilling.
  I think I was like, she was holding one of us or something  and there's a tape of it somewhere.
  Whoa.
  I can't remember what it's about though.
  I think it's, she's like, yeah,  it's some public affairs situation.
  Yeah.
  Can I point out one thing?  Oh, go ahead, Jason.
  Oh, I was going to say the, like,  the you're being ripped off, like investigative team  are pretty aggressive at the LA affiliate.
  So I can't even imagine what they were like in the 90s.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  That's as sensational as it gets.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, that's a big ratings magnet.
  I was going to say, it's funny.
  What have we talked about so far in this episode?  A vacuum repair shop, a car wash  and a fried chicken restaurant.
  Everything we're talking about in this episode  is a Breaking Bad drug crime.
  Oh yeah, you're right.
  This is very odd.
  The only thing left is fumigation business.
  Oh yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Tinting of house.
  And most of the way, at least I'm sure for you guys,  this is true and certainly for me,  most of the way I've interacted with commerce recently  has been I drive up somewhere  and someone tosses something in my trunk  or a box is dropped on my doorstep.
  And I say thank you and wave to the person from a distance.
  And anything beyond that would require a hazmat suit.
  Yes, which look, I am, if I can get the break,  I've said this before, if I can get the Breaking Bad  hazmat suit or something better,  I will go to the opening of a Six Flags.
  I am on record.
  Jason is going to Disneyland  with no hazmat suit,  but I need a hazmat suit of some kind to go to a Six Flags.
  Well, this was an experience.
  I mean, I'll say this.
  It all went very smooth.
  I'll ruin that.
  This all went very smooth, but going anywhere,  like going any kind of pickup,  driving anywhere more than like five minutes  is stressful during this time, I feel like.
  Because this is like a, what, a 45 minute drive for you?  Yeah, I mean, the traffic wasn't bad either way.
  So it was about 40, 45 minutes.
  So that was good.
  There's less cars on the road.
  Did you find the driving stressful?  Because I find actually when I have an excuse,  because I, a couple of weeks prior to this,  did not know we were doing this episode,  did drive down to Buena Park to go to Portillo's.
  Oh, you did this.
  I thought maybe this was a future.
  No, I did.
  Well, it might still be a future plan.
  Oh yes, always.
  And I did find driving down on the five,  a drive to Anaheim, which I've done a couple hundred times,  I think at this point.
  I did find it a little calming.
  I found it nice,  because it felt a little bit more like my normal life.
  Yeah, I was going to say,  living vicariously through Jason with this experience,  I really miss driving down Beach Boulevard  and doing that Veer Rite  that takes you into the Knott's Berry Farm property.
  Because the way they bring you onto that property,  you pass by all the folksy businesses,  the little marketplace on the outside.
  And I know if I'm veering right on beach and parking at Knott's,  I'm going to have a nice day.
  I'm either going to go have a good beer  at that chicken dinner restaurant bar,  or I'm going to go on some rides.
  Something fun is going to happen.
  And I really miss doing it.
  So I hope it felt nice for you to do it.
  Well, let me burst your bubble immediately.
  All of that entrance is barricaded off.
  Oh, well that takes it all away then.
  Yeah, who needs it?  Which way do you come in then?  So what you do, okay.
  So you, and I was trying to do that too.
  I was trying to do that as close to that as I did too.
  But the maps auto adjusted on the drive down  and put me out on Crescent.
  And you have to get to Crescent Avenue,  which is the road that runs in front of the hotel.
  Right.
  So you go down Crescent and you turn,  there's driveways right before the hotel  that takes you into the marketplace parking lot.
  So that was one of the pluses I'll say about this.
  They're not charging you to park for any of this.
  So what Knott has right now.
  Yeah, that's good.
  That'd be weird, yeah.
  City Walk in Orlando I found out.
  Like City Walk in Orlando of course open partially now.
  They are not charging for parking either.
  So small miracles I guess.
  Oh, what?  This is a sea change in the industry.
  Did you not know that?  I didn't know that.
  I didn't, whoa, big news.
  I mean, only like a fifth of the businesses are open.
  So I feel like while trying to cut down on contact  but apparently a lot of the stores are taking cash.
  So there's still.
  Well, there's a lot to be desired  about how they're doing it down there  because we were all texting each other  photos of people in line for that okay pizza restaurant.
  And many of the people are not wearing masks  and they certainly are not six feet apart.
  So it was certainly a bummer  that I feel like the guy doing the story  that my dad was in.
  Crowds of people, not a mask in sight.
  Six feet apart, not here.
  Can you do a parody of your, post your dad's video  then do a parody of that video with you  and post the photos of the City Walk Orlando.
  People are, I'm trying to contextualize what he said  because I wanna put his clip in it.
  I think I'm getting ripped off.
  And by that he means because he might perish  due to the terrible illness.
  He'll get less life due to being at City Walk.
  You can re-contextualize that, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I think I segued it pretty smooth just now.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, yeah, a bit of a bummer.
  Could you bring that up though?  Because as I, so when we were discussing this,  like I placed the order a few days later  and that weekend was when they reopened the,  like the marketplace, like general store kind of shop  and the bakery and the chicken restaurant.
  So you could go in and order and do takeout.
  And the first day they did that,  there were 300 people there.
  And I was like, oh no, what have I signed up for?  I'm happy to say that was not the case  at 2 p.
m.
 on a Friday afternoon.
  Pretty empty.
  And my initial plan was to just pull up,  have them throw it in the trunk and drive away.
  But because it was so empty  and the parking lot was so chill,  I was like, well, I'll get out and walk around.
  So we had driven down, I mean, we kind of made it like me  and my girlfriend, Jane and her dog Garfield got in the car  and went for the drive down to Buena Park.
  And the dog came along.
  The dog came, yes, I took a photo.
  I'll post it on the, for the show art of me holding a dog  in front of a roller coaster, which was thrilling.
  I was like, oh, I don't have a photo of a dog  next to our roller coaster.
  This will be fun.
  That's more interesting than anything anyone has done  in the last two months.
  You have the most interesting life by virtue of that.
  If anyone listening to this, including us.
  And I walked around, like the pathways were all,  it was all empty.
  It was pretty much not, there was me,  I maybe came across like 10 people, 12 people here and there.
  People were wandering inside.
  They had the social distancing markers.
  The workers were all very nice, you know.
  And so I just kind of walked around.
  I didn't go any in any of those shops  because frankly the not shops are kind of close quarters  to begin with, let alone quarantine.
  Like I'm fine, I have found that like,  that is my thing with quarantine.
  Like I don't mind going in Ralph's or Target  every now and then, but like Trader Joe's is really tight.
  Like those stores are very small.
  Yeah, typically.
  Is the sauna like green, the greenhouse room open?  By the bathrooms.
  I couldn't, I don't think so.
  And the only bathrooms that were open,  I went back and looked, I asked them,  are bathrooms open?  And they're like, oh, the ones behind the Build-A-Bear,  the unopened, incomplete Build-A-Bear.
  You're practically in the park gates at that point.
  But those bathrooms were open  and looked and seemed very clean.
  Do you think, Scott, how would you describe  that room I'm talking about?  Yeah, there's this, yeah, if you go in the stores  outside of Knott's, there's this one bathroom,  here's women's, here's men's, and then right in the middle,  there's this big like viney plant structure.
  And as soon as you open the door to this place,  it's the most humid room you've ever been in.
  And the glare of the sun is so bright.
  And with the big plant there,  it just feels like a greenhouse.
  You're in a very humid greenhouse.
  Yes.
  Just for this like 20 square foot area, it's so bizarre.
  And it's next to like a little old colonial,  like, facsimile room.
  It's next to like a recreation  of George Washington's mantle or something.
  Forgive me, I don't recall precisely what it is,  but it's something mundane like that.
  But I was wondering, do you think that room  is like good to heal COVID or kill it,  or is it a COVID breeding ground?  God, I'm not sure.
  I don't know.
  Have we looked into,  are we using the Knott's Greenhouse bathrooms?  Folks, this could inject some of the humidity.
  Folks, we're looking into it.
  We're gonna use Legionnaire's disease to fight the COVID,  to fight the novel coronavirus.
  The two diseases they fight, they get in a little war,  and the Legionnaire's bashes the COVID's brains out.
  And then you have Legionnaire's but it can't.
  The Legionnaire's disease gets  the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
  He would give that, I mean, honestly,  he would give Legionnaire's disease some sort of a medal  before any of this too, so.
  Oh yeah.
  He's a, he's.
  My little micro warriors.
  He's giving most of the diseases.
  The Legion's.
  Proud of the Legionnaires, proud of the little guys.
  Legionnaires and their marvelous disease.
  So this is Gallo's humor, folks.
  This is it, folks.
  We're having fun.
  It's a good way to describe it.
  We're trying to, we're having fun.
  It's like the Capitol steps in here.
  We are like the Capitol steps today.
  So you're walking around a little,  but you don't wanna be in these close quarter restaurants,  or, or stores rather,  and there's a couple little pickup plates.
  You could go buy like a pastry or a bear claw  if you wanted to, correct?  Yeah, yeah.
  They had, yeah, they had options  and they had stuff to get takeout.
  I had, so what, the thing we were like interested in  was the curbside takeaway.
  So I already ordered it and prepaid it.
  So I, all they had to do was get back in the car  and pull up.
  They have a bunch of numbered parking spots,  which I think now is just like curbside  for the marketplace stuff for like dry goods.
  And then I actually pulled,  it was a very tight spot.
  Like they're like, there were people who wave you in  and tell you where to go.
  And then there's more people who tell you where to go  if you were doing like the food pickup.
  And so I pulled around behind the TGI Fridays  and the peanuts, like the peanuts store.
  And there was just like tables and tents set up  with like bags of food orders.
  So it's very thrilling to be-  Ready to go.
  Yeah, everything ready to go.
  And they like just scanned the barcode.
  I mean, I put the window down and they just scanned  like QR codes on my phone for each like item.
  So I was in it for like the actual food pickup.
  Like you could be in and out in like a few minutes.
  Again, it might be more busy on the weekends,  but everything was very smooth.
  I mean, I always find the service very good  at nots to begin with, but like, yeah, everyone,  everyone seemed in good spirits and lots of masks  and gloves and yes, lots of that.
  Great, great.
  This is wonderful.
  I'm glad it was an easy, smooth experience,  but you know, we've all been probably craving theme park  food and especially treats for a while.
  So you got to tell us what that order is  and how it held up.
  Okay, so here was the order.
  So when we were first looking at the menu,  it was like, well, should we each just get a meal?  And that was like $11, $12.
  And I was like, I think it just makes more sense  to get the family, like the, you know, the bulk.
  When you order fried chicken and it just makes sense  to get the meal.
  If it's more than one person,  it just makes sense to get the bucket.
  So we got a nine piece chicken bucket meal, nine pieces,  which came with six biscuits and boysenberry preserves,  two things of mashed potatoes and a thing of corn.
  I added on one boysenberry pie and one chocolate bundt cake.
  Nice.
  Nice.
  Yeah.
  So I mean, I'll talk through, I'll get to the dessert second.
  All in all that came out to 5164.
  Okay.
  That's a lot of that's a lot.
  It's kind of a feast for that 50 bucks.
  It was kind of a feast.
  So here's how it broke down.
  I mean, I had only ever been to Mrs.
 Knott's once  for your birthday a few years ago, Scott.
  Oh yes.
  Yeah.
  33rd.
  Yes.
  And I thought it was, it was pretty good.
  I thought the food was pretty good.
  We were there, we went on a Sunday.
  So it was kind of like you're ordering platters.
  Like you don't have a choice.
  You can't order a la carte.
  Oh yes.
  They limit the choices.
  Yeah.
  This is a question I've had in general.
  I'm always so happy to be there when I'm there.
  And that was wonderful.
  So many great friends came and I was like,  my friends came and hung out.
  So I was in a great mood.
  But so now I'm like, it's like nostalgia  where it's too muddy for me.
  I don't know if the food is good.
  I couldn't give you an honest answer  because I'm just so happy always to be there.
  So I don't know.
  I honestly don't know.
  Yeah.
  I under percent understand that.
  I certainly have places like that too.
  I will say, so overall,  I thought the food, everything was good  with some real standouts  and some very confusing disappointments.
  The biscuits were good.
  I liked their biscuits.
  They do a nice biscuit.
  I ate one moments before we started recording  after I had my late breakfast slice of pie.
  So the biscuits were good.
  The preserves were good.
  They were a little warm.
  The chicken, I think-  Was that a wait?  Sorry, wait, wait, wait, hang on.
  Was that all you had for breakfast was the slice of pie?  Coffee, coffee and water.
  But no bananas.
  No bananas.
  No bananas.
  No, just the delicious American made boysenberry  made in a lab of rent.
  American made.
  Grown, American made.
  The president would be a fan of that.
  Sure.
  And we know the nots love the presidents.
  Just the sheer concept.
  That's true.
  The biscuits were good.
  There was a split second where I thought they forgot them.
  And then I found them,  they were sitting on top of the chicken in the bucket.
  And I was like, oh, thank God.
  Cause I was not, not driving back to way to park for them.
  Even I have my limits.
  But would you have maybe driven back to get them?  I might've complained.
  I might've complained to get like $5 back or something.
  But yeah, the biscuits were good.
  The chicken is pretty good.
  I have to say just solely taking the chicken on its own.
  I think the chicken on Main Street at Disneyland is better.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I still have never done it.
  It is never like, I don't end up in the mood for it.
  When I met Disney and Erin's vegetarian.
  So we're probably trying to find stuff for her.
  I got, man, when someday when the park is open again,  I really got to do that fried chicken.
  Yeah, I feel like I haven't done it in forever.
  I feel like it's always good.
  It's always reliable.
  I mean, this chicken, I'll give it an extra few points  cause we did drive back from way to park and eat it.
  So like, I wasn't expecting everything to be piping hot.
  But fried chickens kind of-  Can I ask-  Yeah.
  Oh, sorry.
  I just, in general, fried chicken question.
  I don't have it very often.
  Where am I getting good fried chicken,  especially in Los Angeles where we live?  I feel like it's few and far between.
  I don't have it a lot.
  But do you guys have a knee jerk  of if I want very good fried chicken,  where should I be going?  Oh, that's a question.
  I mean, there's a place that's not too far from here  in Burbank that people like Gus's, which I think is okay.
  But people really like it.
  So maybe I don't know what I'm trying to taste.
  People like Roscoe's.
  Never done Roscoe's.
  Which is pretty good.
  I, of course, like Nashville hot chicken the best.
  So the last few years, I am more steeped in where to get that.
  And speaking of that, they,  Hall and Ray's just started offering Postmates yesterday.
  And I had to drive somewhere to pick up a Postmate  when I got it yesterday.
  Oh, you did do it.
  Okay.
  I did later in the, the thing was this place  in Los Angeles is so popular.
  Normally you have to wait in line for an hour.
  And the Postmates situation is just as popular.
  So usually when you click on it,  it says they cannot fill any more orders.
  But I woke up from a nap yesterday,  looked and it was available and placed an order  for my, one of my old apartments address in Hollywood,  which is the only radius they would deliver to  and drove down there to meet a Postmate  to get this chicken because it's so good.
  And because, you know, you need a little pick me up  once in a while when you're stuck  in the apartment for months.
  You sure do.
  Hold on a second.
 Was it worth it?  Go ahead, Jason.
  Wait a second.
  You couldn't bring yourself to get to Waitapark to do this.
  But you can bring yourself to do that very complicated  Postmates ordeal.
  Well, it's not very complicated.
  First of all, it's only a 10 minute drive.
  The week, look, for reasons I won't explain on the air,  the week has been stressful.
  It's been a stressful week.
  Okay.
  So, but so, so I figured, you know,  I had not made an order for Waitapark.
  I'll do this by the way, off air.
  We don't even have to talk about it.
  I want to drive back down to Waitapark.
  Oh, that's fine.
  But it was literally going to be like a 10 minute drive  to the pickup spot and then a 10 minute drive back,  which is what it basically was.
  So I know we're hot.
  I'm just teasing.
 I'm just teasing.
  You could tease me.
 I'm not upset.
  I could take it.
  And me, I have a baby.
  So I have an excuse out of everything forever.
  That's true.
  You have the best excuse.
  So very jealous.
  You never have to see.
  It rules.
  You would think that wouldn't get you out of a lot  these days, but you know,  people are still trying to put Zoom commitments  in front of you.
  And I can avoid those left and right.
  Yeah.
  You got a baby.
  Thank you, son.
  Do you think that-  What a gift you've given me already.
  I thank the child every day for his, the excuse.
  Just for that.
  I mean, you're a beautiful, precious miracle as well.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  But boy, the plans, get me out of the plans.
  Thanks, buddy.
  Yeah, we know.
  So yeah, as far as hot chicken, I can tell you where to go,  but I'm not such a fried chicken expert.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I gotta get more versed.
  I have to say, yeah, I have to agree.
  The hot chicken craze is like,  even the like most okay hot chicken I've had,  the way it's cooked just keeps the chicken.
  So moist and flavorful.
  I just, I really do not like dry chicken.
  So which was-  You guys are making me really hungry  for something that isn't in my freezer.
  Yeah.
  What a novelty that would be.
  Yeah, I mean, look-  Something non-microwave.
  There's a Dave's Hot Chicken just down the street from you.
  But is that complicated?  Well, I've done it.
  It's, there's a, they've, they've cut like basically  a window out of their like display on Lancashire.
  So basically you place a pickup order online,  drive up there, park your car, hopefully sort of close by.
  And then when there's no people around,  run up to the window and say your name  and they hand you the bag and you throw it in the car  and run away, drive away.
  And really make sure you appeal out.
  Yes.
  Make sure you're really burning rubber.
  Yes, really make a big show of it.
  But yeah, you could get that, you can get that done,  an hour after we're off recording here.
  Perhaps, perhaps so.
  Let's, if you have more chicken thoughts, feel free.
  But this, I mean, you're leaving the audience  hanging on over in Treat Town.
  Yes.
  Oh yeah, no, I know, it's common.
  I do have more chicken thoughts.
  One, the good stuff about the chicken was  it was supposed to be nine pieces and they gave us 12.
  So I don't know what jackpot we hit there.
  The mashed potatoes, they fucked up.
  I don't know, they're dry.
  They're weird, they're weirdly flaky.
  But kind of redeemed by very good chicken gravy.
  Now I am not a chicken gravy,  that is not one of my go-tos.
  But it was very good.
  So the chicken gravy redeemed the potatoes.
  The chicken gravy definitely helped the potatoes.
  And the corn is corn.
  The corn was the only thing where I was like,  oh, you gotta be kidding me.
  Because you can't select your sides,  it's kind of pre-allocated.
  And I know the margins on,  I know that is probably a 25 cents worth of corn  that they're just tossing on.
  Sure.
  I saw something, I hate to get off on a tangent real quick.
  I saw somebody post, maybe it was on our Facebook group,  that somebody's now doing hot dog in a corn.
  Did you see this?  How do you mean?  Like basically a hollowed out corn on the cob  with a hot dog inside and corn on the outside.
  Oh, that's interesting.
  I don't.
 Yeah.
  I don't know how that stays together.
  I don't know.
 I don't either.
  Cause you'd have to have that hard shell around  the corn to keep the shape of it.
  So I don't think you can just bite through it.
  But I don't know, I'm interested.
  I don't think they're growing corn off of the hot dog.
  That would be gross.
  But who knows?  Yeah.
 That seems like a very state fair kind of food.
  Right.
  They're genetically breeding them.
  This field's full of these in Kansas somewhere.
  Highly possible.
  Anyway, sorry.
 Peel the ears back.
  Anyway, so that's the verdict.
  The meal, again, pretty good.
  Again, you don't get the ambiance of the chicken restaurant,  but it's solid.
  It's solid.
  And it was fun to walk around a theme parky area.
  It was fun to walk through a roller coaster.
  Kind of one of the charms of Knott's is like the main.
  Oh yeah.
 If you park there,  you walk under the ride Ghost Rider,  which is always a thing.
  Also, it makes me happy.
  You drive under it and then walk through it.
  So you get that little theme park taste,  even if you're not going in the park.
  And they weren't running it, right, Jason?  They were not running it.
  No.
  They did have, I wrote down,  they had acousticky versions of songs playing  and those songs were Hollywood Nights  and California Dreaming.
  That was fun.
  Yeah, that's always the, we've noted that before.
  It's always in a very original California venture way,  the instrumental versions of California related songs.
  Yes.
 So that was fun.
  Because it is Knott's California marketplace.
  California marketplace.
  So let's get to the sweets.
  I'll start with the boysenberry pie.
  The boysenberry pie is, I mean, it's good.
  It's very sweet.
  That boysenberry pie filling,  like I like the boysenberry preserves,  but as a pie filling, it's just so sweet.
  Like, and I do not have vanilla.
  I really meant to get some whipped cream  or some vanilla ice cream just to cut it.
  I did have a glass of milk with it.
  I'm not gonna lie.
  Two percent, two percent?  It was two percent.
  Yes, it was two percent.
  It's good.
  It's just so sweet.
  I just need a little more tart.
  I like a cherry pie or a blueberry pie.
  I just think has a little more tartness to it.
  We've talked pie preference.
  What is your number one?  Is it pecan pie?  It's pecan if it's got a nice maple flavor  as opposed to more of just a sweet caro syrup or corn syrup.
  I really like custard pies,  coconut custard or just egg custard pie.
  So that would be you to say number one?  That's your number one, you think?  I think so, yeah.
  Custard, I like a peach pie or apple pie.
  I like an apple pie too.
  Yeah, I think I like apple the best.
  Yeah.
  I've had the nuts pecan, I like it a lot.
  I don't think they have coconut cream or banana cream  or key lime, I'm a fan of all of those.
  Yeah.
  I like pumpkin pie more as I get older too.
  Not a fan as a child for some reason.
  So yeah, the boysenberry pie was good,  but the chocolate bundt cake was the star of the show.
  It is very good, very moist,  has chocolate, little bits of chocolate inside  and it came with a cup of fudge sauce.
  And it's big, I thought it would be tiny,  but it's not a full-size bundt cake,  but it's not like a cupcake either.
  And the sauce was just so good.
  So that was five bucks, the pie was running you $13.
  But the chocolate bundt cake,  we were shocked at how good the thing was.
  Wow.
  Wow, wow.
  I've never had that there.
  That's something they've had on the menu  probably for a while.
  I'm guessing I don't know the history of nuts desserts  like I should.
  I am a theme park podcaster,  so I should know the menus better over the last 100 years.
  Well, I saw pictures online that they had bigger,  I mean, they had a toilet paper cake, that's fun.
  There was a cake with Snoopy wearing a mask  and I was like, okay, they're having a nice time.
  We're all having fun.
  I like those.
  That is cute.
  Snoopy wearing a mask.
  Did they have any of his other relatives wearing masks,  like Spike?  Spike or Olaf or.
.
.
  Is Spike probably somebody who believes  the whole thing's a hoax?  Yeah, Spike, I mean, we'll get into it soon enough,  but Spike lives outside of Needles, California,  a desert town.
  So yeah, Spike always seems a little squirrely.
  Like who knows what he could do.
  Who knows what his beliefs are?  Who knows what his.
.
.
  How many Facebook conspiracy theories he's subscribing to?  Yeah.
  I wonder if Needles, California literally is reopened.
  I wonder what their deal is currently.
  Well, as Jason alluded to,  maybe we should look into that for a future episode.
  Well, yes.
  Well, yeah.
  Here's a little tease, yes.
  There's gonna be a lot of a Spike soon.
  I think it's funny.
  So I think our thought was to frame this episode  with pie in the title, but in a huge twist,  the star of the show and the real MVP, the Buntcake.
  Wow, this is.
.
.
  People probably got knocked out of their chairs  when they heard that the Buntcake is really the winner  and the star of the episode.
  Because this is one of the biggest twists.
  I took some photos for the episode art  and people would probably be able to see  the Buntcake was torn into  before we could get the photos taken.
  You're animal instinct.
  We started picking at it very quickly.
  So yeah, so I mean, all in all, this was fun.
  Here's the one thing I was not wild about.
  And this is not on the Knott's people.
  And that is, and I've seen this  in a few different places now.
  That is the people who pull their car up,  pull out camping chairs and tailgate and picnic.
  What?  Oh, no.
  Yeah.
  There were people,  I mean, the Knott's parking lot is pretty big.
  Again, it was pretty deserted when I was there.
  But this is not the first time I watched some vloggers  on YouTube also get the Knott's food  and then just go find a spot and lay down a blanket.
  I'm like, you are out of your fucking minds.
  Like, no, stop this right now.
  Are we the only people who talk about theme parks  on the regular who aren't just like psyched  that everything's back open?  Let's go, I'm there, we're hanging out.
  Mask, who cares?  Why do I feel like this genre as a whole  is salivating for everything to just be back open,  come hell or high water?  I mean, I think it is kind of a reflection  of a certain type of people,  because I've walked around some,  around Burbank or Studio City,  and there are people getting takeout  and then just sitting on the benches to chow down.
  And I'm like, no, go home.
  I drove down to Blaine Park with my friend Luke,  not in the same car.
  We drove in separate cars.
  He lives kind of far away from me anyway.
  He lives like 45 minutes west.
  And we both like sort of met down there,  parked our cars, looking at each other  in the Portillo's parking lot after we got the food,  and then ate the food, talking to each other on the phone,  looking at each other into the car.
  Like when cops, like when a cop meets up  with an informant and pulls up next to them.
  Yes.
  So we parked over by the bank, over by the Portillo's,  because the Portillo's, by the way, was hopping.
  Oh my goodness, the line was crazy.
  That shopping center in general is still crazy  with lines out of the Walmart there.
  So we did that, but we did not like sit in front  of the Portillo's and eat.
  I understand the instinct.
  I'm sympathetic to wanting to do it,  but I am too cautious.
  Yeah.
  Well, so if there were fears that theme park media  hasn't been worried enough,  Mike Carlson is doing plenty of worrying forever.
  Oh my God.
 Yes.
  You folks have no idea.
  You don't know how I worry for you.
  Yeah, I mean, I get it.
  Like Mission Impossible, like Ethan Hunt,  you carry the burden, I'm sure.
  I am worried for all of the mice chat.
  Anyone who works on mice chat, I'm worried.
  So everyone we can list off.
  I was going to list fake ones,  and then I'm like, nah, it's whatever.
  I'm worried for all the real ones.
  Bumpergar boys snuck in.
  Before City Walk was even officially open,  they were running around, putting their hands on everything.
  They were trying to like,  like they were rubbing their fingers  on the non-operational fountain.
  They wanted it flowing again so bad.
  And that's on them.
  I heard they snuck into the Secret Life of Pets  and turned it on.
  They were riding it.
  That's not right germ-wise or morally.
  It's not ready, it's up to the universal  to flip the switch, not you.
  And the cats, as we know,  the cats on the Secret Life of Pets ride can spread COVID.
  Cats can spread COVID, that is not a lie.
  Oh, wow.
 Animatronic ones too.
  I don't know that you can get it from,  I don't know that humans can get it from a cat,  but they can carry it at least.
  So maybe they can't spread it, but still.
  You really are worrying enough for,  you put that info in my head.
  Well, I think I take it back.
  I take it back that they can spread it.
  I believe they have for sure found it in cats.
  So.
 Right.
  But it doesn't mean cats are spreading it left and right.
  I take that back.
  I don't want to put out the fake news.
  I don't believe that's happening.
  Some large cats,  some large cats at one of the New York City zoos,  I believe they had found it at.
  Right.
  But I don't think you can get it as a human from a cat.
  So don't worry.
  But maybe.
  But just in case, douse your cat in chlorox.
  Yes, I think that's good.
  Do we know if you can get it from an animatronic cat?  We don't know that.
  We don't know.
  The science is still out on that.
  So the Bumbergar boys should have been more cautious.
  They should have temperature checked,  the hands-free temperature checked that animatronic cat  before going on that unopened ride.
  And this is why we continue to be their enemies  and fight them at every turn.
  I think I'm getting ripped off.
  I'm just saying theme park media,  if you're going to get like,  I get wanting to go to these places.
  I get like, oh, I have to go cover this.
  Fine.
  Just keep the mask on and stand further apart.
  Like I saw some videos with people with masks off  and sitting really close.
  And I'm like, get away.
  What are you doing?  Are you out of your minds?  Well, but as we've discussed,  we've been asked to pair everything  to be essential activities.
  And I would certainly, I think we could all agree  that essential on the essential activities list  is going to CityWalk Orlando,  taking a photo on the plastic throne  outside of Boodoo Donuts,  which is sanitized and wiped down by an employee  both before and after each person lands on it.
  So they're doing their due diligence.
  But this is how important it is  that people sit in the voodoo throne,  that it's someone's job now to wipe that seat down.
  Well, the governor of Florida said  that was one of the top 10 things  they wanted to get back open again.
  That was a priority to get the voodoo donuts thrown open.
  What is Florida without the voodoo donuts thrown?  That's one of the biggest reasons tourists come to Florida  is to sit in that throne, that donut throne.
  France is the Eiffel Tower.
  Florida is the donut throne.
  Look, I can't judge if the donut throne  was open in Hollywood.
  I would probably walk over there.
  Tonight?  Like today you would do it?  Maybe, I mean, CityWalk is pretty big and pretty spread out.
  I don't know why that's making me feel more calm.
  I think because I've been seeing news stories  about like outside stuff is better.
  Yeah, I mean, I think in general, yes,  outside stuff is probably,  from what I understand at this point,  could all be different in about two days.
  From what I understand, it's like the biggest risk  is sitting in a room with somebody  talking to them for two hours.
  Yes.
  Like being in enclosed space with some people who have it  is not as opposed to open air.
  That being said, I don't know.
  I think some-  It's whatever one.
  I think some counties are allowing picnicking,  but there's still an expectation of like, all right,  but keep, have a picnic, but everyone bring a blank.
  Like keep your distance, you know, talk from a distance.
  So yeah, it was just a little.
  I'm glad it wasn't packed when I went down there.
  Again, all the employees at Knott's,  the pictures and videos I've seen  of Universal employees in Florida,  they seem to be on top of their game.
  They seem to be doing everything right within like  health suggestions, regulations and that sort of thing.
  But yeah.
  That's great, that's great,  because this is a little unprecedented  starting to open these, you know,  anything theme park adjacent.
  This isn't in the park, but you know,  people are craving this kind of thing.
  And that restaurant, it's an Orange County tradition.
  So it's nice that they're trying to get it open safely  and get people back to work.
  I think, you know, I feel that end of it,  like wanting, you know,  wanting businesses to be going in a safe way.
  So I don't know, good for them for doing it well and safely.
  I mean, I will go down there.
  I will probably go to Portillo's also again.
  So it's not, look, I like being,  Buena Park, one of the top places in the world.
  One of the best places.
  Well, hey, wait a minute, I'm making a point here.
  Mike, you haven't been to Europe, correct?  Hey, hey, hold on.
  Just make it, I know that was an unrelated fact.
  If you would fact been to Europe.
  Okay, one of the top cities in the world,  Buena Park.
  I assume it goes New York,  let's see, Venice.
  Milan.
 Milan.
  Buena Park.
 Venice.
  Buena Park.
  And then, hmm.
  Pigeon Forge, Tennessee.
  Yes.
 That's correct.
  That's the fifth.
  Jay-Z and Alicia Keys had to be begged to make their song,  Empire State of Mind, instead of Buena Park of Mind.
  Both have extreme fondness.
  There's a demo, I'm sure.
  Buena.
  Medieval times will inspire you.
  Teatro Martini will  amuse you.
 Delight you.
  The demos for that.
  They try out a couple different things.
  The rock and bruise, they throw in there instead.
  Teatro Martini.
  The Movie Land Wax Museum,  because this was done in 2001, keep in mind,  or so, I could be wrong about the date of that song,  I don't wanna get that fact wrong.
  Was the McDonald's still in its old glory in 2001?  Yeah.
  We're going to McThriller, Flight Simulator.
  There was, there was a, if we haven't said this,  I don't know, here I am countering Mike on Buena Park  being one of the greatest cities in the world,  but it did at one point have a McDonald's  with a simulator ride in it,  and the sign said, it said McThriller on the outside,  and has said McThriller, despite the simulator  not having been there for like 30 years.
  Should we just make this Jay-Z parody of Buena Park?  Maybe.
  Probably.
  Yeah, we're gonna have to put pen to paper on it.
  There's a trampoline parked by the Walmart.
  There's John's Incredible Pizza Company.
  There's enough, there's enough landmarks there.
  There's a big rock and bruise.
  That's what he said.
  A really big rock and bruise.
  Oh yeah.
  There is a, in that mall,  there's one of those like ultrasound photo studios.
  Oh wow.
  You can get like cute little photos of your fetus,  3Dified and a little heart frame.
  Oh my God.
  I didn't do it, guys.
  That's crazy, you should have done that.
  I don't know why I didn't do it.
  That would have been good content.
  Yeah, yeah.
  You know, I, well first of all, yes,  and speaking of good content,  Leo, let's keep going on this song.
  I did, I have done some off air content  related to the Nut's Chicken Dinner Restaurant.
  I think I sent this to you guys,  but Erin had a birthday, my wife Erin had a birthday,  pretty close into the pandemic and it was a bummer.
  And so I was trying to think of,  is there anything that I could do?  Could I simulate something that we would usually do  for her birthday?  And what I thought of was the Nut's Chicken Dinner  Restaurant, it seemed very possible we might go down there  and at least get a drink and a pie.
  So for her birthday, I recreated the restaurant  in our apartment.
  I put a photo of Walter and Cordelia Nut up on the wall.
  I forget what all the aspects of it were,  but the main thing is that I brought out a menu  and keep in mind, well, so let me see.
  Let me see, there were a couple of areas  that I have in front of me, Nut's Traditional Dinners  and there was a choice of ham noodles, cabbage cutlets,  scampi slaw and dumpling cracklins.
  This is my approximation of the kind of weird thing  they have besides the fried chicken and warning,  dumpling cracklins may contain pig feces.
  Because she was pregnant at the time of this,  I said beverages may be limited due to pregnancy  and pandemic and her choices were two sips of wine,  a sniff of whiskey, grapefruit perrier or vitamin D milk,  which is what was available from CVS at the time.
  And then I gave her a choice of apple pecan  and blueberry peach pie, which I actually had the choices  on hand because of, I believe the place is Republic of Pie  in the valley and all the pies were wonderful.
  So thanks to them for making this all possible.
  But yeah, we had a little fun.
  Jason, not the only one craving this restaurant  in these times, it was fun to reproduce it.
  I'll post this menu somewhere.
  That's great.
  Did you leave up the photo of Walter and Cordelia Nut?  It was definitely up for a couple of days, yes.
  It'd take a while for it to go down.
  Is it above the crib now?  Did you move it?  Yeah.
  Dad, is that grandpa?  Well, no, but he was a very important man.
  He had a lot of thoughts about free enterprise.
  Freedom.
  Due to this stupid pandemic,  he might end up thinking that's grandma and grandpa.
  Getting out with them.
  Bunch of bullshit.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Well, I'll teach him all the important stuff,  especially about liberty and, you know, not being tread on.
  That's the big thing in 2020  and that I want my son to learn is,  don't let anyone tread on you.
  And if some stupid governor says,  don't go out in an American flag cape, holding a gun,  yelling about wanting to get into a JCPenney,  don't let that asshole tread on you.
  Yeah.
  Is there anything you need to say?  You have like a TV next to the crib  with Tucker Carlson playing on a loop, I hope.
  Just sort of reiterating.
  Well, he has sort of a,  he has kind of a kids show host look with the bow tie.
  He's kind of a modern Captain Kangaroo.
  Right.
  Yes, so that.
  Yeah, so I think the boy might be endeared to him.
  He has a calming presence for children.
  That's definitely how I feel.
  If I leave Fox News on a lot,  he'll look at Sean Hannity and say, Shrek?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  He's not green, but he's a big monster.
  Right, of course.
  The baby could get confused.
  Yes.
  But yeah, you don't want him.
  Oh, god.
  Sorry, Jason, go ahead.
  Oh, I was gonna say, guys,  I don't want to open a can of worms,  but I just saw they posted the requirements,  the suggested by CDC requirements for entering Disney Springs,  like entering big public spaces and stuff.
  Oh, I saw this in a kind of confusing video, yes.
  Yeah, and they posted this on the Disney Parks blog.
  I saw Carly tweeted this out,  and it seems like everyone in the comments are having,  everyone in there is having a normal one,  having a real regular reaction to these suggestions  of keep a mask on.
  If you feel sick, stay away.
  We're gonna take your temperature.
  People not.
  Is there a comment that sticks out to you right now  in the comment?  You could read on this podcast.
  Yeah, this one's really good.
  I won't be going to Disney Springs  if wearing a mask is required.
  That's such an unhealthy proposition  with breathing my CO2 and the germs  that would accumulate in the mask at the Florida heat.
  So that guy is doing great.
  This is how much people want to be at Sanuk.
  People are crave, people that are zombified  over their desire to get to Sanuk.
  But don't want to, is breathing your own CO2 bad?  I don't think that's how it works.
  I don't think that's how science works.
  It's also not how it happens, right?  It's not.
  I think that's a sarcastic, isn't that him going like,  well, then this would be the problem then.
  Yeah, my understanding is that the masks you're wearing  aren't blocking your mouth completely.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, it's so funny these places opening up  and people like making such a point,  like, wait, let's get down there, we gotta be there.
  And I'm looking at what is open at City Walk and Auntie Anne's  Cold Stone.
  Oh, certainly that's 30 times better than the ice cream  I can get at the store.
  I gotta be there.
  Auntie Anne's has a crazy setup where they have  these different boxes you get your stuff in.
  Somebody touches the money, somebody touches the pretzel,  they put it in a box, pass it over.
  I saw this online, they have a complete elaborate  no touch system going, which I give them  a lot of credit for.
  Yeah.
  So kudos to Auntie Anne's, whatever the hell it's called.
  Why do we need the pretzels so bad of all the things?  I don't, I'm not sure what the phases of City Walk opening,  like why certain things open first.
  I mean, I think in a couple of weeks,  everything will be open at City Walk in Florida.
  You know, the golf is open, the mini golf?  Yes, I saw that.
  I did see that, yes.
  Well, just one side of the mini golf, I believe.
  Oh, is that right?  What's the other side?  Is there some difference between the two sides  or they just decided to open up one first?  I think one's haunted and one is aliens.
  Oh, okay.
  I don't know.
  I think they're just trying to space it out  so there's less people on the course.
  I see, I see.
  Huh.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  Look, maybe we're gonna look, but here's what I truly,  and I'm not saying this with any irony  or I'm not saying this.
  Hopefully everyone in a few months  listens to this podcast of us being scared  and says, you know, you guys are a bunch of loser babies.
  Everything was fine.
  What's wrong with you?  I sincerely hope as a historical document,  we will be humiliated by all of this talk  that we're doing on this episode.
  I truly do.
  That being said.
  You want, you can't even be mild disagreement.
  We need to be shamed.
  Well, I'm saying the best case scenario for the world  is that we're totally wrong  about being so worried about this.
  That is technically true.
  So I'm saying I'll take being goofed on for this episode  in hindsight.
 Yeah.
  I hope that's what will happen.
  And I guess, yeah, I may be laying the tracks of,  I will end up humiliated by saying  that maybe the lure of Cinnabon  shouldn't be enough to make people  risk their lives and others.
  No, they're gonna be playing this clip of you saying  Cinnabon is not essential  and you are gonna never live it down.
  My credibility is blown forever, yes.
  Cinnabon, the founders came to America  to get a giant sweet roll with icing on top.
  And you're saying now we can't have that?  That giant ass cinnamon roll  that's the size of a pillow?  If I can't pay $8 for an item  that costs eight cents to make,  then am I really living?  Yeah, exactly.
  And gentlemen, do you realize that once again,  we've brought it back around,  with Cinnabon, we've brought it back around  to the Breaking Badiverse.
 I do, yes.
  Wow.
  It didn't even occur to me till I said it.
  Which maybe indicates that we've closed the loop  and I should say you survived podcast the ride.
  Wow, Breaking Bad homages throughout.
  That was wonderful.
  Perfect podcast, honestly.
  Yeah, they don't usually tidy up so nicely.
  Yeah, the world may be full of germs,  but this episode was nice and clean.
  Well, Jason, I'm glad you had a good time.
  Yes.
  And yeah, I'm glad the assignment was not for naught  and that also that the car wash situation,  I'm glad you're not still there.
  Yeah, I'm also glad.
  Did I get the stuff off my car  that I wanted off my car?  As much as any automated car wash does, so kind of.
  So probably still gonna go out with some Windex  and paper towels and scrub, but.
  Yeah.
  Filthy cars and unruly hair,  that will be the signs of this time.
  Sure.
  I'm going grayer, I'm going grayer.
  I think I am too is what I've been told.
  Oh really?  From Aaron who could see an angle of me.
  Wait, are we both wearing, this is gonna go for so long  by the time we record in person again.
  We both of you were haired.
  We've aged decades and Jason's just bright and chipper as ever.
  He's gone back in time somehow.
  He's like, he's like, he's like 17 when we see him next.
  I can finally sleep how much I would like to sleep  cause everyone's doing it.
  14 hours, how much are you sleeping a day?  No, I'd sleep like eight hours a day is fine.
  I just keep going back and forth between staying up  very late and going to bed very early.
  And I was already terrible at keeping a daily routine.
  Keeping a regular routine, building habits sucks ass.
  They're great to have, but trying to set them  is very difficult.
  So that I was already a thing I was working on  before quarantine.
  So kind of has definitely fallen by the wayside  after quarantine, but I've read a lot of books.
  I've gotten my attention span back for reading.
  So, you know, small miracles.
  Well, that's good.
  Are you going gray at all, Jason?  I've been growing gray like a little bit for years now.
  But it hasn't accelerated or anything?  It hasn't really accelerated.
  I'm more concerned about the thinning.
  Yes.
  The Murphy family men aren't known for  the thickest of hairs as they age.
  Mine's pretty thick, I gotta say.
  And I'm watching this boy's hair grow in.
  Like keep it coming, come on.
  Hope you got your dads.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Right now, it's pretty thin, I have to say.
  Well, you know, you can't put pressure on them  this early for.
.
.
  That'd be, I think I'd be far more disturbed  by a thick, full head of hair that went one month in.
  He has like Prince Purple Rain hair at this point.
  I mean, you would be so proud if he had a full  like purple rain mop of hair.
  That'd be kind of cool.
  I certainly sent you guys this, but I did a little thing.
  You know, babies like high contrast images.
  Just pure black and white, you know, like abstract symbols  and circles and weird stuff.
  And I made some black and white abstract images  for him to look at of things that are important  to Aaron and I, and that includes a glass of wine,  the Horizons logo and the Prince symbol.
  And I literally have done this,  because he does like light up at these things  and stares at them for a while.
  And I've watched him just stare at the Prince symbol.
  You're really getting.
.
.
  Now this is me as a dad.
  You are really just indoctrinating him early.
  Well, I think early Prince education is very important  because you know, you've got like,  you're learning about gender fluidity and racial tolerance.
  All the messages are in there.
  I think it's a great thing for a little child.
  You won't need to have a sex talk.
  Oh yeah.
  Prince will explain the whole thing.
  My sex talk?  Sure.
  Just handing him a CD.
  Here's Dirty Mind.
  Here's your sex talk.
  Dirty Mind will give you all,  everything you need to know is in this album,  in these grooves.
  I'll do the mix.
  Yeah, let's pretend we're married and had.
.
.
  I'll compile a little.
  Not for a while though.
  He'll get past the infant stage.
  And take out the incest track.
  The incest track does not,  I would not like him to.
  Yeah, yeah, take that out.
  I'd not like him to learn about it.
  Oh.
  He doesn't have a brother or sister yet,  but it's the case.
  Scott, I did forget to mention,  we enjoyed a bottle of white wine while we were eating.
  The chicken, I've had it just sitting on my desk  for years now.
  I bought it in Solvang when Mike and I went up to that.
  Yeah.
  A fellow podcaster, Zacharino,  got married a few years ago,  and I did a wine tasting the day before the wedding.
  We were not at Solvang.
  I went to Solvang.
  I went up, I was just saying it was a wedding  we were both at.
  We were in Santa Barbara for the wedding.
  For the wedding, I went to Solvang.
  And so I finally cracked open that wine.
  Very nice, very nice with the Mrs.
 Knott's chicken.
  Wonderful.
  It was that trip, the last one,  when we went to Solvang,  that brought us to the Fes Parker winery,  which we are members of,  and there's a shipment coming very soon.
  It could be any day now.
  And Aaron can drink again.
  So there is Fes Chardonnay waiting for me.
  Maybe even right now.
  Actually, maybe that's a good motivator to end it.
  It actually may have, boy, what a miracle it would be  if I walked out of this room  and there's Fes Parker Chardonnay out there.
  Could be the case.
  That's just a photo of the head that's there.
  Ooh, boy, I'll let you know.
  I won't leave you hanging on that.
  All right, hey, well, this was fun stuff, folks.
  And as always, stay subscribed on Facebook,  Twitter, and Instagram,  where in this case, you can see photos of the pie,  but perhaps not the Bundt cake.
  Right, but we could find a picture of the Bundt cake  to let you know.
  Yeah, it's there.
  It's just picked apart.
  Yes, rightfully so.
  I'm proud.
  We're all proud.
  Wonderful.
  Thanks for listening, everybody.
  Talk to you soon.
  Bye.
