 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast that was recorded  pre-quarantine contains references  to all your favorite television stars.
  William Frawley, Vivian Vance, Gail Gordon,  and Frank Nelson.
  You know, all of your favorite stars.
  Get back in your time rovers.
  It's Universal Studios, Lucy, a tribute on podcast, The Ride.
  ["The Ride Theme Park Theme Song"]  Welcome to Podcast The Ride,  where the pressures of producing weekly theme park podcasts  can start to feel like a never ending  chocolate conveyor belt.
  I'm Scott Cairn here, joined by Mike Carlson.
  That is good, and that is what it feels like sometimes.
  Yeah, boy.
  You gotta produce this podcast.
  That's what I tell people when they come up to me  and ask, well Mike, what advice do you have  for a potential podcast?  And I say, look, you gotta do it weekly,  you gotta do it at the same time, you never can stop.
  And it, yeah, it can really pile up,  and you can feel like you're,  there's so many episode commitments  that you're having to put them in your apron.
  Put them in your hat, yes.
  Start chewing them as they go.
  We have a lot of podcasts right now in our hat,  in our figurative hat.
  That's true, yeah.
  So we've been recording, and we have them all,  and they're ready to come in,  and it does feel like sometimes there's an invisible boss  that comes in and yells at us.
  That's like, keep producing, keep talking, more rides.
  And it's like, yes, of course,  and we just have to hide the fact  that we're like a little bit stressed out.
  Jason Sheridan is here also.
  Yes, I mean.
  I guess you're right, the audience is the boss.
  Oh, that said, this is probably the time to announce  we are switching to the Podcast The Ride Comedy Hour,  which will be 10 hour long episodes throughout the year  instead of one weekly episode for 30 weeks of the year.
  The Scott, Jason, Mike.
  Scott, Jason, Mike.
  Comedy Hour.
 Comedy Hour, yeah.
  It's unclear if everybody's gonna come back, though.
  It may be a new, there's discussion  of whether I'm too cantankerous and drunk  to continue being on the show,  but we'll see, it depends on contract negotiations.
  You were giving a referendum at the start of the show  that you'll never be late, and so far you haven't been.
  And I've stuck to that, have I not?  Okay, let's.
 Give me one example.
  Real quick, for the audience right now, listeners,  hands up, who knows what the hell any of that was?  Who knows? That is important to ask, yes.
  Because I think there's a lot of listeners  that are younger than us.
  Now, we're not that old, but we're old,  so I'm wondering, do all those references make sense?  Obviously you've seen the title of this episode,  but are you as big Lucille Ball fans as we are?  Are you as steeped in television history?  Well.
 Especially, I'll say, Mike and I  have been preparing for this episode now for three years.
  I was thinking, yeah, I didn't do a ton,  and I was like, I think I'll be set.
  I think that won't be a problem.
  That's okay.
 I have a feeling  that the other two are gonna go ape shit here.
  I think that people know that the show I Love Lucy  had a scene where a bunch of chocolates  were in a factory going very fast.
  I don't know if people are super familiar  with the behind the scenes drama involving  actor William Frawley, who played Fred Mertz,  which I assume a lot of this will be about.
  This is gonna be a lot about William Frawley.
  It's really a William Frawley attribute.
  Some of that also could apply to,  because by the end of the production  of the second iteration of I Love Lucy,  the Lucy Desi comedy hour,  Desi Arnaz pretty burned out too.
  I think they're all burned out.
  They're all burned out.
  Lucy and Desi, the divorce papers are filed  five days after shooting Raps in 1960.
  So.
 Ready to go.
  This is a real, this is not a Patreon episode.
  This is a real, we forced this to be a real  main feed episode.
 We forced this  just as Universal in Florida put a Lucy attribute  front and center at the park.
  It was one of the first things as you came in.
  The first things.
  I think this one we really owe to explaining what it is.
  We've been talking about I Love Lucy, but why?  Because Universal Studios in both Hollywood and Florida  had basically a museum exhibit for many, many years  called Lucy Attributes.
  Right.
  Where they had collected a lot of her real memorabilia,  her Emmys, her clothing and wardrobe.
  And costume.
  Yes.
  And we'll explain all the things that were in there.
  But yes, a long time ago, I think right when we announced  the Patreon, the second gate, I think I said,  as kind of a perfect example of the kind of more obscure  oddity that would be behind the second gate,  that that could include Lucy Attribute,  which I quickly realized was an early act of  Hollywood Gardener heel villainy.
  Yes.
  That I would suggest that this not be a main feed episode.
  It was very much needed to be.
  But also just showing the passion that Mike and I  have for all this, just like the passion of Lucy Ricardo  wanting to be in the show.
  That's your passion for Lucy Ricardo being in our show.
  Yes.
  Yep.
  I mean, look, now that this is how it's played out,  I die of no problem with it.
  I'm very fond of Lucy Attribute.
  Sure.
  It's certainly not an issue.
  And there's more fun to be had at patreon.
com  slash podcastsaride.
  But in your, I mean, that's a good rationale, I guess.
  But like, what is the main argument to put this  in the main feed and not the second gate?  Well, look, this is, I consider this sort of an e-ticket  when it comes to things I like to talk about.
  So maybe that's the only rationale I really have.
  You maybe were concerned about the fact that sometimes,  occasionally, very sparingly, the second gates are like  only an hour 45.
  Yeah.
  And you were concerned about the possibility  that this might come up short  and that there wouldn't be the full time.
  Yeah, because we generally, yeah, the patrons are like,  yes, as you're saying, 15 minutes shorter,  30 minutes shorter on occasion.
  Once in a while.
  Once in a while.
  But we do need the possibility.
  I'm not saying this is two and a half hours here,  but it's possible.
  One of the biggest stars of the 20th century, though.
  One of the biggest comedic stuff.
  I mean, you look at, if this museum,  if this tiny little museum was anywhere else,  you'd be like, what an incredible collection.
  Because you just saw how many awards.
  Like, she had barely passed away  before she was posthumously given  the Presidential Medal of Freedom?  Like Rush Limbaugh just got?  Yes, yes, that one.
  Lucy and Rush Limbaugh have the same award?  That doesn't seem right.
  I believe it's the highest honor a civilian can get  from the President.
  Well, I guess they both really just gave so much  to the culture.
  Yeah.
  Love the media personalities.
  Yeah, universally.
  Multiple formats.
  Universally.
  Started on the radio.
  That's true, yes.
  Took it to, I assume Rush Limbaugh sang to  produce albums.
 Yes, Limbaugh sings the old one.
  Rush sings the old ones.
  Oh man.
  Was an album of him singing Swanee River.
  They're very similar types, aren't they?  I don't know politically if they were, but probably.
  Circular head, you mean, like,  is sort of what you're talking about?  He hadn't been bald and cantankerous.
  Is there a world where there's more conservative talk radio  and William Fowley had his own show, like in the old days?  Maybe.
  Lucy was a member of the Communist Party briefly.
  Oh really?  Yeah, back in the 30s, like back when it was more of a-  Back when it was cool.
  But had to speak, I don't believe named names,  but got polled in front of a closed door meeting  with the House on American Activities Committee.
  Whoa.
  And I believe saved by the fact that she was, again,  one of the biggest stars in the country.
  I Love Lucy was so huge in its time,  I was reading that some businesses closed down  Monday nights.
  What?  Because like no one is going to come shop,  everyone will be home watching Lucy.
  I know, but I love it.
  Sure.
  There are so many wonderful like anecdotes  from the museum or from the article,  like the LA Times when they opened  the Universal Studios Hollywood one,  had an article with some really interesting stuff in it.
  Lucy O'Paul, considered for the role  that Angela Lansbury did in the Manchurian candidate.
  She's great in that.
  I mean, I think Lucy would have been great in it too.
  Had done some work like film noir kind of movies  earlier in her career.
  Lucy was not, yeah, like as much of a comedic actress  earlier in her career.
  Have you seen any, has anybody seen the non comedic?  I have seen one and I'm trying to remember what it was.
  I should really know what that is.
  There's one on Canopy where she plays  like a femme fatale I believe.
  Never quite the success though  that the sitcom would bring.
  No, and she was blonde early in her career.
  She was blonde.
  She was not a redhead, right?  Yeah, MGM casting I believe suggested she died red.
  And that was the iconic look.
  Here look, I also want to say this to the listeners.
  We've done a lot of good rides for months now.
  We've done like mostly rides on the main feed.
  We got back to rides.
  We made a point of that.
  Yes.
  So this is months in at this point.
  It's finally time for you to listen  to our indulgent garbage again.
  Jason and Mike can have a little Lucy attribute  as a treat.
  That's right.
  As they say on the internet.
  On the main feed every four months,  you're allowed to listen to us talk about  some old drunk character actor.
  That's what this trade off should be.
  Or a whole cast of character actors.
  They're all drunks.
  Yeah.
  They all drank a lot.
  That was the time.
  They were all depressed.
  Hey, no chore for me.
  I really liked this thing.
  Am I fair and very fond of this thing?  I think if you grew up close to Universal Studios Hollywood,  you're certainly very fond of this.
  And I mean we've done an episode also  about the world of Cinemagic show and all that.
  And thinking about this attraction  does take me back to how glorious it was  to be at Universal Studios Hollywood  as a kid who's interested in entertainment and TV  and wants to know more about the things that are on TV.
  And things like this were such cat nap.
  Oh, for sure.
  And even in Florida as well.
  Universal Studios Florida.
  Because this and Alfred Hitchcock back to back.
  Yeah.
  And every one of my family, we loved both of them.
  Because Alfred Hitchcock presents.
  You have to remember as this opens,  91 I think in Hollywood.
  In the lower lot expansion in Universal Studios Hollywood.
  One of the things made possible by the Starway.
  The big series of escalators that we did  an entire episode about on the second gate.
  Sure.
  And then in Universal Studios Florida opened in 1992.
  I saw an Orlando Sentinel article  erroneously called an opening day attraction.
  Clearly it is not.
  Bullshit.
  It took over a lot of something called  silver screen collectibles where you could buy  screen worn costumes and props.
  Which was also the case at Sid Kowenga's  one of a kind Curios.
  That's 100% right Scott.
  At the MGM studios.
  Yes.
  Which I believe is now a help desk.
  Like a Disney plus.
  Or my magic.
  My magic plus?  The Disney band.
  The magic band help.
  When we went there last year I was like the most.
  What took the nostalgia.
  Like what gave me such a nostalgia jolt  was looking at Sid Kowenga's for the first.
  I know there's nothing in that building anymore.
  But I like.
  Oh I love it.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It was a weird thing to be in a theme park.
  And I forget, I feel like there were like  it was like old movie posters.
  And you could buy like a jacket that was born  in like what about Bob or something.
  Like that kind of odd.
  Cost of fortune.
  Like touch stone kind of.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And who ever bought anything from there?  Did that work?  I don't know.
  And how checked on was it?  Remember there was that spot at downtown Disney.
  The movie memorabilia stuff.
  The starabilia.
  Starabilia that kept having like this is not legitimate.
  Like.
  God.
  This may not be signed by,  may not have been signed by Babe Ruth.
  So when this opens in the early 90s, 91 and 92,  especially in Universal Studios Florida,  you have to remember Nick at Night  is airing I Love Lucy every night of the week.
  Sometimes all night in the summer.
  Well and it was so heavily syndicated.
  Oh yeah.
  There was definitely, yeah when we were kids  I Love Lucy was still on all the time.
  All the time.
  So constant.
  And like yeah right.
  So you have the Lucy attribute right down the street  from one of the Nickelodeon Studios outposts.
  And so like that is an early maybe inadvertent synergy.
  Oh yeah.
  That's kind of like,  it's kind of everything you're watching potentially.
  At least us I bet.
  We're watching Double Dare when it's during the day  and maybe a little I Love Lucy before you go to bed.
  I loved all those game shows  but watching so much I Love Lucy  which is just such a rock solid show.
  Like still funny, still holds up.
  They shot it on film so it still looks good.
  It doesn't look like shit like a lot of TV shows.
  Yeah.
  They've colorized.
  They still look really nice.
  Yeah I watched some colorized clips.
  It is weird to see in color.
  But.
  I'm gonna say we're taking an anti-colorization stance  on the hot button issue of colorization.
  Do you prefer your I Love Lucy Christmas special  colorized or not?  Let us know.
  That'll be a hotly contested debate on Twitter.
  I make an exception for that one  because I wanna see the Christmas colors.
  Oh okay so the Christmas one is good  but the other ones are bad.
  Yeah yeah yeah only but I wanna see  my Christmas reds and greens.
  I watched the full clip of Fred from,  I believe it's the first episode that aired.
  There was a pilot that they didn't air  but used like the script later on I believe.
  Where Fred and Ricky are trying to do housework  and Fred makes the really shitty cake  and then Ricky puts like makes the chickens explode  in the pressure cooker and then says like  do you think a pound of rice is enough for every person?  And it's like oh yeah that sounds right.
  And then the chickens explode  and the rice starts bubbling over  and I have never heard still a longer studio audience break.
  Maybe Lucy stopping the grapes.
  I believe I know one in the longest studio.
  It's in a Lucy Desi comedy hour  where she's holding eggs secretly in her apron  and it's like the longest studio laugh I believe.
  And then someone gives her a bear hug or something  and they all get crushed.
  Something like that and squashes all the eggs under.
  I know this I did not like relook this up.
  This is just something I have in my mind, my memory.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  It's becoming clear to me that you guys have the fodder  to just do an entire I Love Lucy podcast.
  Podcast?  It's a podcast.
  You need an idea for.
  And I'll hang out.
  I'll contribute once in a while  but I think you'd mainly feel it.
  I'm sure there's an audience for it.
  I'm sure the public right now is really hoping  we do do that.
  Spin off much like, see you've just offered us a spin off.
  Much like Desi Arnaz offered William Frawley  and Vivian Vance a chance to have their own Mertz's spin off  which was their last name.
  Way predating the Ropers.
  Yes.
  The cantankerous neighbor spin off of Wait, Please Company.
  How long did that last?  Was that very short?  That one I think, I went, wait, was that like a one season  or did it go a little bit?  I was shocked researching this  and looking at some of the exhibit stuff  and then just going out and reading about it.
  I knew the Lucy show,  Lucy's second TV show round for a while,  here's Lucy, the third show with Gail Gordon and the kids.
  Yes, his real life kids.
  Her real life kids ran for so many seasons.
  I thought that was like a one or two season flop.
  It ran for years.
  Five or six seasons.
 Life with Lucy,  Life with Lucy, the 1980s attempt at a comeback  produced by Aaron Spelling died after eight episodes.
  Starring Jenny Lewis.
  From Rilo Kiley.
  Rilo Kiley and Solo.
  And there's a really great,  I thought we'd get to this later,  but there's a really great story she has about,  cause she was living with her mom in the valley  and she describes their house as kind of a dump.
  And Lucy came in cause they had the wrap party there  and Lucy walked in the door and went, this is a dump.
  Oh my God.
  Imagine like old 80s Lucy, she's got the oldest voice.
  I would throw up on this house, but it might improve it.
  Very cantankerous Lucy.
  By the way, The Ropers was a two season show.
  It was not a big, and only 28 episodes,  but mainly I want to complain about when I Googled Ropers,  they're showing me a bit like fancy boots and shit.
  I don't want to, are you kidding me?  I don't want to know about boots.
  I obviously want to know about the Threes company spinoff.
  Have you, phone, have you been paying attention  to everything else I've Googled?  Do you think I want to know about fancy shoes?  No, I want to learn about Norman Fell.
  Yeah, come on phone.
  My phone prompts me like,  you probably want to drive to Mike's right now, right?  It's like, come on phone.
  Yes, I do.
  It is usually when we do this.
  You probably want to Google Vivian Vance trivia right now.
  Right? Yes.
  You just woke up.
  The first thing you want to do is.
  I'm assuming the Mertzes did not happen  because they did not care for each other.
  Right? Well, one of them wanted to do it.
  And one of them did not.
  Frawley was all in and Vivian Vance said,  no, she did not like him.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, the main, obviously we've been jonesing  to talk about that the neighbors and the landlord.
  Yeah, so let's say what I Love Lucy was about  in case you don't know what we're talking about.
  It was a woman, Lucille Ricardo,  married to Ricky Ricardo, who was a band leader.
  Neelusiel McGillicuddy.
  Yes, that's true.
  That was important that you got that in there.
  Very important to what I was explaining.
  Well, it does illustrate the cultural differences of.
  That's true.
  Change it.
  That's true, you're right, you're right.
  And she always wanted to be in his show  because he would play at clubs, he would sing,  then he had his own club.
  That's another thing, we'll get into that later.
  And that she always wanted to be in the.
  Three hours from now.
  Put a bookmark in there.
  He started the club.
  The seed of Club Babalu.
  He was at the Tropicana,  and then he moved to the Club Babalu.
  You have to realize sitcom characters  had not had children up until that point.
  This was revolutionary, four characters to.
  You know what, we have not said the words  Universal Studios in two and a half hours.
  Now, an interesting fact that this was at Universal Studios  because all the Desi Lu shows were sold to Paramount,  and the production apparatus of Desi Lu  became the backbone of Paramount Television.
  Pretty cool, pretty cool.
  All right, got that one out.
  A long time, the largest independent television producer.
  Okay, okay, now Jason, rest up so you can tell us  the square footage of the studios where the show was taped.
  But take a breather first, don't get it out now.
  I had to brace myself for the gray paint stuff.
  Desi Lu produced Star Trek.
  Mission Impossible, the Untouchables.
  Pretty good.
  I didn't know until going out the door today  that her husband was overseeing a lot of those properties,  and I think a lot of producers were not happy  with him as the head of Desi Lu.
  Gary Morton?  Gary Morton.
  Right, her second husband.
  Her second comedian who she later married, yeah, yeah.
  And anytime I watch an interview  where she's talking about Gary,  she never seems that thrilled with him.
  She's always mad that Desi was a philanderer  and was running around.
  And then she's like, but Gary's fine.
  That's the vibe I get.
  I have no specific problem with Gary.
  Does anyone watch old Lucy interviews  once in a while on YouTube like I do?  I can't say I do.
  It's kind of a bummer,  because she just seems so over it,  and it's just like, oh, hi,  and then she laughs once in a while,  and she just seems tired.
  You know what I looked up today,  and I'll describe things that you can't see in this,  but I became aware today on the way out the door  of a show called All Star TV Party for Lucille Ball.
  I'm not sure that name.
  Oh, no, yeah, you know, All Star, I don't know.
  It was like a birthday party or something  where everyone, it was in 1984,  and everyone in Hollywood was there.
  I haven't seen this.
  It's still Rat Pack, it's still Frank,  and Dean Martin, and Carl Reiner, and Cesar are there.
  I was trying to find Cesar Romero.
  That's what I was trying to come in with,  but I couldn't find that clip,  but I did find this clip where her second husband,  Gary Morton, is giving her a gift,  and I'll explain things as we go.
  I've wanted to do this ever since the Olympics.
  Do what?  Do what?  He pulls out a metal, a gold metal.
  You are truly.
  Turn it around.
  Always directing.
  You are truly a gold metal wife.
  Do what?  Turn it around.
  You're not putting it on right, Gary.
  Perfect timing.
  So you, honestly, that illustrates my point.
  It's not that I've ever seen her like shit on Gary,  but she's clearly like, okay, what the hell is this?  Yeah, yeah.
  Gary.
  This is embarrassing.
  Gary, you're a.
  How long have you had, how much did it cost you?  You probably got it for free.
  Gary only knew like playing clubs  and the stages at the big resorts and the Catskills.
  Once they were married, she was like,  installed him at Desi Loo, like pretty much was like,  you're learning the television industry.
  No more stage antics.
  No more.
  And starting of, start having business room antics, Gary.
  Took me a while to get that out.
  I mean, you can see.
  The best old Lucy voice is Billy West.
  Have you ever heard Billy West do it?  No.
  It's like ailing Lucy.
  It's like, oh.
  There's a really poor taste bit he did on Howard Stern  a long time ago where she's reading cards in the hospital.
  She's like, oh, this one's from Tom Bosley.
  Oh, what a nice man.
  It's just that over and over again.
  Anyway, you were saying.
  Oh, I mean, you can see.
  One of the things that's interesting about Lucy,  the tribute is it does a great job at showing how much  both she and Desi Arnaz were very canny business people.
  Like they were focused on making a lot of shows,  making money, hitting the syndication,  hitting the like hundred episodes for syndication.
  So really there might not have been a George Clooney,  Anna What's-his-fuck, if not for.
  Randy Gerberg.
  There wouldn't have been suitcases full of money  if not for these people making the money.
  Would Lucy have had a tequila?  Would Lucy and Desi have had a tequila?  Oh, wow.
 Absolutely.
  Maybe a rum, might have been a rum.
  Might have been a rum because of the Cuban, yeah.
  Yeah.
 Could they still?  Could the estate still? Oh.
  Oh, the Babalu Rum.
 That's not a bad idea, Babalu Rum.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, so I actually didn't finish my description  of what I Love Lucy was about.
  No.
  Really all I had to say was basically, yeah,  so Lucy and Ricky.
  If they don't, people don't know what the show is,  they have stopped listening 15 minutes ago.
  That's a good point, but there might be like some 20s,  like early 20s people that are interested.
  So then they had some neighbors and they were up to antics.
  They were up to antics.
  She always wanted, yeah, she said she always wanted  to do the show.
 Yes.
  I would find this, the official register  with the Writers Guild, one page,  like half a page description, like paragraph long.
  This is what this show is.
  Synopsis.
 Did you go to the museum  and pull out the, did you check the description out?  No, I'm saying that was one of the items in Lucy Attribute.
  Oh.
 One of the things,  and along with her, just a staggering number  of awards and superlatives.
  Like the, is the gold medal from Gary in the museum?  I don't think so.
 Oh, I don't think so.
  World's number one wife.
  When I die, if there's a museum about me,  don't put that stupid medal in there.
  And that's my only request, goodbye.
  That was in her will.
 She's gone.
  Gary keeps sneaking into the hospital  and putting it around my neck while I'm sleeping.
  It's not fair, I can't fight back.
  And he puts it on the wrong way.
  They did have her medal of valor.
  She got that, I think, during Here's Lucy.
  The medal of, what is that?  That's a different presidential award.
  But Rush doesn't have that.
  I don't think so, no.
  Not yet.
 Not yet.
  But Trump is gonna work to get that rescinded from Lucy  and given to maybe Hannity, maybe O'Reilly.
  Trump will give, I think Trump should start giving out  only military awards to civilians.
  Like, Limbaugh should get the Purple Heart and stuff.
  He should get pinned, like, medal, like, general status  to Hannity and Tucker Carlson.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He'll give some gigantic, just like,  good guy trophy to Rob Lugovitch.
  What if he'll, yeah, number one good guy medal.
  Trump should start giving out the Gary Morton medal.
  Number one best good guy that ever was.
  They're waiting for him to finish the description  he's making up so they can inscribe it on this big trophy.
  Oh, that was something we hadn't gotten to yet.
  Mike, congratulations to your godfather, Rob Lugovitch.
  I know he's a family friend.
  Oh, yeah, we haven't talked about that yet.
  Trump pardoned Rob, who, if you listen to the live episode  from Chicago, was, what hotel was he at?  I've already forgot.
  He was at Saratoga Springs.
  Oh, okay.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  When he was found out that it was all going to shit for him.
  Do you think he'll go stay at Saratoga Springs now?  Celebrating.
  Getting out of jail.
  I think he will.
  A lot of those rooms.
  We just did a round of refurbishments at that hotel.
  Yeah, he'll be on the Skyliner.
  Before we know it.
  A little bit better than jail, I gotta say.
  Not too shabby.
  All right, so, are you still describing what the show is?  We're half an hour into the podcast.
  We're still talking about a little bit.
  Yeah, we basically, we've sort of said this.
  So, yeah, so the show was just about Lucy  generally like fucking things up.
  I shouldn't say that, you're right.
  We should keep it clean,  because this is a classic TV show.
  Lucy screwing things up.
  Yeah.
  So she, that episode you're talking about,  which is funny, because I believe that's the same episode  as the Chocolate Factory episode.
  Yes.
 Where the roles are reversed.
  I believe the lesson of that episode is,  stick to the gender roles, everyone.
  Women shouldn't be working.
  Men should not be doing housework.
  They're both incompetent at it.
  Stick to what works.
  The war isn't on anymore.
  Women don't have to be in a factory.
  What are we doing here?  Maybe it wasn't all so progressive,  but that being said, it was funny to watch rice explode.
  And they were very trepidatious,  the network at the time of like,  a white woman married to a Latin band leader.
  They were worried about that.
  They were always worried about something.
  They couldn't say pregnant.
  Like when Lucy was pregnant with Little Rick,  with Desi, Desi Jr.
, right?  Desi Ernest Jr.
, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, on the show was Little Ricky.
  Yeah, when she was, yes.
  The lines of Ricky and Desi are so easy to mess up.
  The line is so thin.
  But they had to say she was expecting.
  Like they thought it was scandalous  to show a pregnant woman on TV.
  And they just, in preparation for that season,  they like, the Ricardas bought like,  so many tall couches so that her bump was never visible.
  Yeah, because that would have offended.
  I'm so glad we bought these 16 new couches.
  They slept in- All against the one wall.
  In separate twin beds in one room.
  Let's not forget that.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They were not allowed to show.
  I forget what the first show is  where the couple was allowed to sleep in the same bed.
  That is crazy.
  I mean, we know that, I've known that for a long time.
  They used to say that on Nick at Night as a fact.
  But if you really think about it,  it's like the public wasn't able to see that,  even though that's what was happening in every marriage.
  They went to religious leaders  to get approval for the pregnancy storyline.
  Oh my God, what?  Yeah.
  They asked for the approval of the-  They got the approval from multiple religious figures  of like, will this be offensive?  And they're like, no, it's okay to acknowledge  a woman is going to have a child.
  It's like they were gonna do like an episode  with just tons of nudity.
  Like we had to go and we had to make sure this was okay.
  Where it's like, a woman was pregnant.
  People were pregnant in public.
  It wasn't- Yeah.
  The people wouldn't like just stay in their house  while they were pregnant, as far as I know.
  It was the 50s, it was a different time, not sure.
  It was a different time, but-  Seeing what pregnant woman could go outside.
  But the world was weird.
  It's still very weird, but-  Lucy had already had a child.
  This was the second child.
  Like I believe she had the first before,  or maybe while they were filming the pilot.
  This will be the episode that my mom will listen to  and have the most corrections.
  She will say, you know, Lucy was,  she'll correct like whatever you just said.
  I don't know what, if it's wrong or not,  but she'll say, you know, actually Jason was wrong.
  She had a child before blank.
  Like she'll, this is the one  she will pay the most attention to.
  What's the form where we would,  what would be the best for issuing retractions?  Because once in a while we have to do this.
  And we've done it on the air.
  Yeah, that's a good question.
  Yeah, would you like them in print?  Should we tweet that out?  Should we put it in a newspaper?  Or like a YouTube apology video?  Like just sort of-  Hey, we're so sorry.
  We're so sorry.
  We were incorrect when we were saying  that Desi Ernest Jr.
 was Lucy's second child.
  Look, all we can do is try to be better.
  We're gonna, you know,  all we can do is make a vow to you.
  Are we perfect? No, but nobody is.
  The Lucy show had a first, the second show,  Vivian Vance in that show was the first divorced woman-  Oh yeah.
  Character on television.
  William Frawley was divorced in real life in 1924, I think.
  Whoa, whoa.
  Somehow divorced before he was married.
  Yes.
  Not quite sure, somehow.
  Came out of the womb divorced.
  Yeah.
  Well, I mean, all of that was to say  that there are two characters and they have neighbors.
  The neighbors are cranks.
  The neighbors are cranky.
  And we've been obsessed for a long time with the,  it's certainly my biggest area of I Love Lucy interest  is William Frawley.
 Frawley based.
  William Frawley, yes.
  Yeah.
  Because he's an old weird character actor,  not that weird, but like an old curmudgeon-y character actor,  which you have an affection for.
  He reminds me in his performance of these old weirdos  who were in theme park rides or Disney movies,  like your Keenan Winds or your Little Ravenscruffs,  but he, there's not always like bad stories  about the personal lives of these people,  but William Frawley seemed like he had a myth.
  He's got some, yes.
  I didn't find anything so crazy unless you have it.
  No, just generally unpleasant.
  Just generally an unhappy man.
  Yeah, an alcoholic was given a referent,  like when they were gonna hire him,  like Desi had to sit him down,  but apparently he was never late for work.
  He was always very professional.
  A different story on My Three Sons, I believe.
  Yes, I think he was drunk.
  I heard an interview with one of the children  from My Three Sons saying that they'd have to go get him  from lunch because he would be like drinking  and they'd make the kids go get William Frawley  from the like, whatever, the restaurant down the street  from Paramount.
  Yeah.
  The My Three Sons story I found was that My Three Sons  was taping on the same lot as the Lucy show,  which Vivian Vance was still a part of for her next show.
  And as we said, these actors did not get along at all.
  And I guess it was still Sour Grapes even after  By Love Lucy.
  Oh, I think I did see, I saw this story.
  Yeah, yeah, I could keep going.
  So he would, when the Lucy show was taping,  he would go over and like drop a big stack of film canisters  or knock equipment over during her lines  in the live tapings just to mess her up.
  That is one of the funniest things I've ever heard.
  Really, really funny.
  I also, another story I saw was that there was an episode  called Lucy Has Her Eyes Examined.
  And Vivian Vance watched William Frawley get the script  for this episode.
  And Frawley asked, is this next week's script?  And she said, no, it's this week  and we're filming it in 15 minutes.
  He'd never laid eyes on the script  that they were about to walk out and do.
  I, it's interesting,  cause I was reading some of those things too.
  And I've always read a pro Vance,  like a pro Vance version of the story  where he's like just a cranky asshole  and she's like upset having to work with him.
  But then I read some pro Frawley stuff.
  It might be pro Frawley propaganda, I don't know.
  But apparently early on,  cause Frawley was like 20 years older than everybody.
  So she was like upset that she had to be married  to this old guy.
  Like 24 is maybe the number.
  That's pretty, that's a big insult there.
  Supposedly early on she was complaining about it  and he was with an ear shot and she didn't know.
  And he was furious.
  And like that started it.
  And then when she turned down the Mertz's spinoff,  then it was over.
  That was it.
  He was so upset cause he wanted that show  for himself and her, or not her,  he probably just for himself.
  But it's so wild cause they're both so funny.
  Especially together.
  They're great together.
  Yes, yeah, very much so.
  I was warned about language in this episode.
  I already said enough word though.
  So whatever.
  Well, but I, you know, I kind of,  I copy pasted this from an article  where they did a censorship and I liked their censorship.
  So I'll copy this.
  That, you know, she would have a lot of script notes  and the head writer, Jess Oppenheimer,  would be called down to the set to mediate.
  And, you know, he would say, look,  I know it was her idea, but I like it.
  I think it's gonna work and I think you should do it.
  And Frawley would say, I'll do it for you,  but not for the witch.
  Pfft, cheese.
  From this article, Frawley would actually use a word  that rhymes with witch.
  Cheese.
  I kind of like it with witch, honestly.
  Well, witch makes it a little more, yeah, nice.
  It's not nice, but it makes it nicer.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Now was he a pioneer in being the first actor  to call his co-star a word that rhymes with the witch?  I bet no.
  I bet that might have been a thing that happened.
  Maybe more common in the early 18th century.
  Things were, as we said, things were different back then.
  Frawley lived at, if you ever visit Los Angeles,  the Knickerbocker Apartments.
  I mean, it's a hotel, wow.
  It used to be a hotel.
  Oh, is it apartments now?  I think it's a retirement home now.
  I have 1714 Ivar.
  Kind of an infamous location.
  This is where Harry Houdini's widow held the 10th seance  after his death.
  I believe the final seance that ended  when she tried to contact him.
  He insisted on being in contact.
  And I think the 10th one was the last,  he said, do it for 10 years after I died.
  The 10th one, they thought there was no sign  and then a thunderstorm broke out.
  Whoa.
  Well, I think that what had happened was  that there was a word he gave her.
  Before he died, he gave her a word and he said,  this will prove if this is real or not.
  And then they did all the seances and he never came  and never gave the word and disapproved  because he didn't like psychics and stuff.
  He was annoyed by them.
  Oh, okay.
  But anyway, the thunderstorm came  and then that gives you a little hope that he is there.
  That's what you're saying.
  That's a Hollywood tower where some ghostly activity  Thank you.
 has occurred.
  E.
W.
 Griffith.
  If there was somebody teetering on the edge  of turning this off, you said that and they went,  oh yeah, that's a tower of terror.
  Good, good.
  D.
W.
 Griffith died of a brain hemorrhage  after being discovered in the lobby unconscious  and Graham Nash was living there when Cass Elliot  picked him up to go to a party where he met  Steven Stills and David Crosby.
  Whoa, pretty cool.
  I'm trying to figure out if this was,  cause Frawley lived, I believe in the same place  for much of his career and died right outside of it.
  And I think it's this building.
  The nurse pulled him inside to try to resuscitate him.
  I guess he was going with it.
  He was walking around with the nurse.
  He went to a movie apparently and the nurse pulled him  inside to try to resuscitate him, but it was no use.
  I read somewhere where people think Frawley haunts the bar.
  Sloppy Frawley.
  Yeah, which is, yeah, we like old character actors  who live in a hotel and have a presence at a bar.
  His star on the Walk of Fame is not quite there,  but very, very close to that, to the spot on the sidewalk  where I guess he, where it happened, where he passed away.
  How many stars on the Walk of Fame  are right where someone died?  That's true.
  That's probably the only one.
  Well, it's like unrelated people, you would think.
  But yeah, he might have closest proximity  between star and dead spot.
  Probably.
  Lucy has two stars, one for TV, one for film  on the Walk of Fame.
  And probably stars on the Walk, the fake Walks of Fame  at all of the theme parks.
  Probably, yes, hers, she has one at Universal Florida  right by the Brown Derby, right down the few feet away  from the tribute.
  In Palm Springs, there's that Walk of Fame they have.
  Oh yes.
  She has to be there.
  We need to do a whole episode on that.
  That'll be Patreon.
  Liberace is there.
  We're just gonna go through the stars.
  Patreon, Patreon.
  Behind the paint wall.
  Palm Springs was sort of a very mid-century.
  Around the time of I Love Lucy,  Palm Springs, I feel like just booming.
  Hell, the Salton Sea probably still very booming  in the insane resort community of an inland sea  as a result of irrigation runoff.
  That's now a natural disaster.
  Like it's just a catastrophe.
  That's like a never saved spot.
  We'll get to irrigation behind the paywall.
  But it's crazy to think about the times  that when Lucy was airing from the early 50s  right up until 1960, there's an episode  where they go to Havana because the Bay of Castro  and the Bay of Pay, all of that hadn't happened yet.
  So it was still the Cuba of Godfather II.
  It was still the gambling mob Cuba.
  Is that the Cesar Romero episode?  I'm trying to remember.
  He did guest star.
  A lot of great guest stars on the show.
  This also feels like a very Robert Osborn style episode  that we're doing here.
  Why, and many of our Hollywood friends  would pop by the show as well.
  Let's bring it back to the museum for a minute.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Not forever.
  We'll get off that.
  That's fine.
  We like the museum.
  Okay, the museum, yeah, was very neat.
  I liked it aesthetically.
  It was very old universal with its film reel,  a trim across the floors and the ceilings.
  One thing that I think was really cool in there  was the recreation of the set, a little model of the set,  which was some, the thing that's gone away  from universal a little bit, the education  about how old Hollywood stuff was made,  and getting to see that set and realizing  the way that sitcoms happen now,  where there's standing sets and maybe most traditionally  three major sets that don't really move.
  I think in the old days with sitcoms,  I think sitcom sets used to be much flimsier,  and they wanted these sets to be way better.
  So this idea of like, here's a line of sets  and we go down the row and these three never move.
  You can add other ones like swing sets down the line,  but what, I guess the apartment and the club,  and I'm blanking on what the other one might have been.
  I guess that's a separate idea.
  The kitchen, the bedroom, the living room.
  Would you see the cat or the fire escape or the.
  Yeah, on occasion though.
  I guess you wouldn't go to,  did they go to the Mertzes very often?  Once in a while.
  Once in a blue moon, yeah.
  But I don't think that was always, not every episode.
  But the, also in the genuine education of that,  okay, so the way shows are set,  like the three cameras set up,  essentially the show pioneered  and that exhibit taught you that  and shows you like the types of shots  that like here's a wide, a medium and a close.
  And so like, yeah, but with the way all sitcoms are done now  was pioneered by Desi pretty specifically.
  And they bring up in the exhibit, Carl Freund.
  I didn't know any of this until like,  I reminded myself and saw pictures of the exhibit  that Carl Freund was the DP of the show  and he's why it looks so beautiful  and like just glorious black and white film.
  But I didn't know any of this  that he was the DP of Metropolis and Dracula.
  Oh, I didn't know that.
  Yeah.
 Major, major.
  That's wild.
  Crazy, like some of the best shot movies  of the first half of the century.
  Yeah.
  And I think he was maybe reticent to do I Love Lucy,  but Desi really wanted him specifically  and he's eyeing it and going,  well, I don't like the way sitcoms look.
  So if I'm gonna do this, I wanna do it my way.
  So that standing set thing was partially came off of him.
  Like, I don't wanna be filming these flimsy sets  for the Wall Shake.
  And also he's like, we have to be able to like,  shoot this fast and make these tapings  not exhausting for people.
  So all the lights are gonna be going up.
  They're all up on a grid, which was a revolutionary thing.
  And that's the way every show is done now  from sitcom to talk show or anything done in the studio.
  But I think before this, sitcoms are still like,  crazy wires all over the crown and like bringing a light.
  And like, I think this was,  I think I Love Lucy was the invention of the lighting grid.
  Yeah, and a big thing kind of started the trend  of filming television in California.
  Because before this, television shot,  film shot in California, television shot in New York.
  And yeah, a lot flimsier, a lot cheaper,  a lot more kinescopes.
  But are they like, well, if we're gonna do it,  we live in LA, it's gotta be done in LA.
  I think that's right.
  And he, I believe that same DP figured out a couple.
  One, the set was painted gray.
  Besides the furniture and the props and costumes,  it was painted gray.
  And like they show you in that model.
  That's a really mind blowing fact.
  So they wanted to get the colors and the shades exactly  how it was gonna look on the show.
  And he had figured out some sort of viewfinder  to see what it would look like in black and white.
  To see what a shot would look like in black and white.
  There was something I saw, yeah, the newspaper,  the newspaper prop they would read was in gray.
  It was not a normal looking, it was a specific gray  that would look good on the camera.
  Or look good in the film, I mean.
  So yeah, it is weird.
  It is, if you like your history,  this is such a significant thing  in television history, the show.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And I love that in Hollywood it steps away from this show  that we talked about a little while ago  that has like, we're gonna talk about  Hitchcock's filming techniques.
  And I think this was a special thing  about early universals Hollywood,  or I mean both universals, that there is a nod to earlier,  to like classic film and classic TV.
  Now all that's kind of out the window.
  Now it's all like, you know, a lot more Minion content.
  There's a lot of Minions.
  And I don't blame, but that's what happens.
  It's not the craziest thing.
  But I liked the tie to real education.
  Well, something for mom and dad and grandma and grandpa,  you know, something classic stuff  that sort of everyone remembers.
  Like that you can have multiple generations know of.
  That's why like the Aladdin show that we talked about,  A California Adventure, like was so well received.
  And The Frozen show is like less positively reviewed.
  Guest wise, I think my theory is that because like,  you've had 20 plus years of people watching Aladdin,  multiple generations developing a fondness for it.
  Frozen is nine years old, I guess at this point,  eight years old.
  Some people are extremely excited about Frozen,  but some people that haven't even watched it, like myself.
  I have never watched Frozen.
  Sure, wow.
  Yeah, should I watch Frozen?  If you get around to it.
  Yeah, sure.
  It's fine, I like it.
  Frozen 2?  Frozen 2's okay.
  The songs are okay.
  One's better in my mind.
  Although I'd also argue though, the reason really  is that there's no Genie in The Frozen show.
  Well of course, yeah.
  Genie is topicality.
  If they just throw Genie in The Frozen show.
  But so it felt like, in early universal,  I do remember thinking that it did give you  like pretty good IP out of the gate,  especially when Florida opens that like,  oh, in addition to all these, to King Kong and ET  and Jaws and everything, like I get to learn,  I get to do an experience about Hitchcock and Lucille Ball.
  That did appeal to me as a kid.
  Yes.
  And probably to a lot of parents.
  I brought this book, I don't think I've busted this out  before necessarily, the official pictorial guide  to Universal Studios.
  Wow.
  From the early 90s, which has all page about the star way.
  This one really, I love this book  because it's got like photos of filming  Back to the Future 2, my favorite film of all time.
  Of course.
  And, but there's a really good, there's a good Lucy section.
  Let me find it right next to, jeez,  I'm wasting a lot of time flipping through pages.
  I was gonna say, I'll tell a quick brief anecdote.
  When we went, when Lindsay and I went back to,  we hadn't been to Orlando in years and years.
  In 2013, I forgot this was even here, this Lucy attribute.
  And apparently I ran, like I ran.
  And then she, there's a picture on her Instagram from 2013  of me at the kiosk playing the trivia game.
  And her comment is like a kid in a candy store.
  2013.
  Wow, wow.
  Well, I mean, that's the thing.
  I mean, there's not even much to show you.
  I just really like this display.
  And I love the, I love the paintings of Lucy.
  I love the paintings.
  Yeah, multiple modes.
  I especially love that those paintings, yeah, it's like,  one of her, as you know, were mainly in the middle  and then four other modes and characters.
  And I love that one of them was a permanent theme park  tribute to the 1985 film, Stone Pillow.
  Oh my gosh.
  Where she plays a homeless lady.
  I just love that type.
  Stone Pillow, have you seen Stone Pillow, Jason?  I haven't, have you?  I haven't seen all of it.
  I've seen a lot of clips of Stone Pillow.
  I mainly just, I think most people mainly just know  the beginning where she wakes up in a pile of trash  and says, well, still here.
  I forgot all about that.
  She also plays like a more cartoonish hobo  in at least one or two.
  I love Lucy.
  She was always playing the professor.
  She's a tramp right here, right next to Stone Pillow.
  Sure.
  She was multiple types of tramps and hobos.
  Of course, and of course she was very glamorous  as Auntie Mame in Mame.
  Oh, right.
  I was in a high school production of Mame.
  Oh, here we go.
  I know that, right?  I think it's talked about before.
  What you doing Mame?  Do that a video that we can see?  Well, no, because the real Broadway musicals  didn't really give a filming license  in the way that the other company  that just grinds out scripts for middle schools to do,  they allow one performance to be professionally videotaped.
  The company, whatever the company.
  I forgot the name.
  There used to be bookstores.
  The Broadway book company that licenses the stuff  usually doesn't.
  So parents would have to like sneak cameras.
  Is there a sneaked version of you and Mame?  I don't know if there's a sneaked version.
  I played, okay, so in the second act of Mame  or the end of the first, I forget when exactly,  but her nephew is grown up and gets engaged  to a rich girl and they live,  her family lives on an old southern plantation  and I played the southern.
  Oh my God, there has to be a video of that.
  Probably the first, but not the last time  I've worn seersucker on stage.
  But then also I was definitely in the,  they had to find a dozen ill-fitting red fox hunting jackets  to do the title song to do Mame.
  Wear a bunch of.
  You say this as if we know that,  you know the fox hunting jackets.
  They go fox hunting at a certain point  and Lucille Ball, one of those pictures,  she is in like a riding kind of gear.
  Is that why she's in a top hat?  Yeah, I believe that is from a sequence in Mame.
  Yes, because then she puts on the gear too.
  But it's a bunch of guys serenading.
  You make the bougainvillea turn purple  at the mention of your name.
  And you did that?  Like in a company.
  They taught.
 We need this video.
  They taught a dozen freshman boys,  they tried to teach the most complicated dance for that  and none of us could get it  and we're all wearing these jackets.
  None of them fit us.
  And so we're like, please simplify these steps.
  Like it's so.
  Could you send out a Facebook message  to all the guys you were in the group with  and does anyone have a bootleg copy of this?  That's a good question.
  Maybe, I gotta try and remember.
  And are they willing to do a fox hunter reunion podcast?  Oh, for Encore?  Are we gonna do the Disney Plus show?  Let's get Encore.
  I know the Encore people.
  Yeah, let's get you on Encore.
  Oh my God, we need to get you on Encore.
  Wait, yeah.
  Wait, that or what was the other show  where you're like a.
  The Nazi?  Yeah.
  Yeah, that's more complicated.
  That was called Killroy Was Here.
  Oh, right.
  And that was the company that just churns out scripts  with like 30 characters.
  So everyone gets to have a part.
  But you have that tape.
  That I have.
  And that's gonna be a Patreon soon.
  We gotta figure that.
  Yeah, we gotta figure that out.
  Well, that's gonna be behind the paywall.
  You're gonna have to pay to see Jason as a Nazi in eighth  grade.
 Might have to do some sound.
  Cause the mics that fed the cameras shooting that  were on a plywood proscenium  and just kids in ill-fitting costumes,  shoe stomping on this wood is being picked up  on every microphone.
  And I'm like, I can't believe you guys didn't.
  I know you're a local video production company in 1995.
  Come on.
  We'll see.
  We'll see.
  All right.
  Well, that's teasing for the future.
  I realize now that on this Instagram post,  you're the first one to like.
  Of my Lucia trivia picture.
  But is that the first person?  Beautiful plant of the seed.
  Or is it just, yeah, but my name immediately comes down.
  Funny you're the first person.
  Cause I mean the quiz.
  Yeah, okay.
  Let's talk about the quiz.
  Let's talk about the quiz.
  You know, in this little description here,  they tell you everything in this exhibit.
  From magazine covers and awards to recreated sets,  home video footage, an interactive trivia game.
  And that is the main, and that's the thing,  my wife Erin is the most fond of.
  Oh, the game.
  And clearly you as well.
  You ran to the game.
  Push children out of the way.
  Yeah.
  Get me to the game.
  Old people and children I shoved.
  So this was a very analog push button.
  It was like a VCR board game a little bit.
  Yeah.
  Although it ran much better than that.
  But a trivia game where you answered questions  and your answers got Lucy and Ricky in the game  across the country from New York to LA.
  Right, so on the Isle of Lucy,  they would do like multi-season arcs,  which I like a lot as well.
  They would go to California when Ricky was shooting a movie  and they would like relocate for a season or two.
  So they did different things.
  They had different locations.
  So you were trying to help in this game,  get the whole gang across the country  by answering pretty easy,  if you've watched the show, Lucy trivia questions.
  And you couldn't get them wrong  because then the car would run out of gas.
  That was kind of the threat.
  You couldn't get too many wrong answers.
  No, you wanted them.
  You'd have to bail in Colorado or whatever.
  Yes.
  You wanted them singing California, Here We Come.
  Yeah, that's your reward.
  That's what they sing in the show.
  I believe in California, they called the quiz that.
  In the pictures I had, it just says,  I love Lucy quiz in Florida.
  Okay.
  So, but yeah, I would every now and then,  because some of those questions,  I mean, yeah, Lucy's made a name McGillicuddy.
  That's pretty easy.
  Fight a meat of vegemine.
  Of course.
 That's pretty easy.
  But then there'd be like, how many windows,  or like how many times did someone do this?  And it's like, I guess three times?  I do believe I missed.
 No.
  Four.
 I missed one or two.
  I missed one.
  And I would like, just like had to start over.
  Oh boy, rough.
  You gotta finish it.
  There was, yeah, I watched one  that was kind of a trick question  about what was his nightclub.
  And one of them is Tropicana,  which he did play at the Tropicana.
  That's what I was saying earlier.
  But that was not his club.
  Babaloo Club, Babaloo was his club.
  So that might trip you up.
  We should say in case you want some more,  the songs that the mask, or Cuban Pete,  the song that the mask sings in Jim Carrey's The Mask  is a Desi Yarnes song.
  That makes it more relevant.
  That's what I'm saying.
  A 25 year old film.
  That's right.
  Extremely old film.
  I mean, compared to the fact that this show is,  at this point, what, 70 years old?  Jesus.
  60 years old?  Wow.
  There is, you know, a lot of,  that strip of Universal Studios,  Florida, based on actual buildings in LA.
  I didn't realize until reading up on this,  this is based on, I don't know if it's still there,  but the Hollywood Reporter building.
  Kind of had those two silver gongs above it.
  And there is even, I believe it's still there,  a plaque on the side, like at the entrance,  the one of the entrances thing,  like Hollywood Reporter established  so-and-so year by so-and-so guy.
  So this building is designed after a landmark, even now.
  And they've changed the coloring a little  since it became a Hello Kitty store.
  But that's, wow.
  So it's a tribute to the building where the institute,  it was the beginnings of the institution  that now informs us that Quibi is going to.
  It's gonna be Bafo.
  Blow the lid, yeah, yeah.
  Do Bafo Biz.
  That streamer gonna do Bafo Biz.
  Quibi might be the first company named in variety language.
  L-  That's true.
  Cat's a bird to make a Quibi.
  It's a Quibi, quick bite.
  Was the Hollywood Reporter,  there might be another connection  because a later I Love Lucy guest star,  gossip columnist and miserable person, Hedda Hopper,  appeared on the Lucy Desi Comedy Hour.
  I believe her column may have run  in the Hollywood Reporter.
  Oh, I don't know that.
  I'm not 100% sure on that.
  Sure, we should know that.
  My mom will have that correction.
  Yeah.
  To not get too far from the game,  it seemed like it might be a good idea  for us to play our own version of the game.
  Yes.
  I have only one question,  but it might get the job done  because this game is, it's all Bill Frawley based.
  The one question is Bill Frawley based  and your goal is to, the correct answer  will get Bill Frawley from the toilet to the couch.
  If you're ready to do it.
  I am ready.
  Yeah, sure.
  I hope I do him proud.
  And you should, maybe is your buzzer for this  maybe like a can, maybe you,  it's a Bill Frawley what?  You're like, what do you want?  That's your buzzer.
  Okay.
  Okay, the question is,  and you may have run across this answer in story already.
  But yeah, that's, you can know the trivia, that's fine.
  Why was Bill Frawley fired from the 1928 production  of the Broadway show, She's My Baby?  Oh my God, I just saw this, oh shit.
  Drinking on stage, skipping a show to go to a baseball game,  punching his co-star in the nose.
  Forget to buzz in.
  What?  What?  You got it first, Mike got it first.
  I think punching his co-star in the nose.
  I think it's a baseball game.
  Mike, a couch here we come.
  Yes.
  Bill Frawley has collapsed on the couch thanks to you.
  He did punch his co-star in the nose.
  Yeah, this was a 1928 Broadway production.
  He punched an actor named Clifton Webb.
  The way he tells the story,  he spoke nasty to me a couple of times.
  And I told him if he did that again,  I'd sock him in the nose.
  He did and I did.
  And I got kicked out of the show.
  Clifton Webb, also important to sitcom history  because in the 40s, he appeared in several films  where he originated the character Mr.
 Belvedere.
  Oh yeah.
  This was a film character who they were trying to get  to be in sitcoms for many,  they tried it in the 60s, several pilots  and not until a young energetic self-ball crusher  named Christopher Hewitt took on the role in the 80s,  did it occur.
  He sat on his own balls.
  He sat on his own balls.
  That's a legend.
  Yeah, apparently.
  Legend of Belvedere.
  Well, Mike, I'm wondering if you can go two to two  in a William Frawley based question  that will also set you up for what will surely be  an hour and a half of material.
  Who was initially considered for the role of Fred Mertz,  but had already gotten another part,  was already committed to.
  I'm waving my arms in the air like a force.
  This is easy.
  Me, me, me, me, me, me.
  Please, what?  I'll say, I'll do it.
  I'll bars in.
  Which of course, Gail Gordon.
  Gail Gordon, star of the Lucy show.
  And here's Lucy.
  Yes.
  Her longtime collaborator after her contentious divorce  from Desi Arnaz.
  Although it should say Lucy and Desi stayed friends  and he was supposed to give her her Kennedy Center  honor and then he passed away five days before.
  Well, geez.
  Robert Stack gave it to her instead.
  Oh, geez.
  Anyway, yes, Gail Gordon and should I go get lunch  and come back?  Like, how do you wanna handle this?  I don't know, I mean, I would watch the Lucy show a little,  but I did not like it as much as I love Lucy.
  But you are a Gail Gordon guy.
  I don't know, you're hyping my Gail Gordon stain.
  I really like Gail Gordon,  but the audience is not gonna expect the level of Gail Gordon.
  Okay, I don't mean to put pressure on you.
  But Gail Gordon played Mr.
 Mooney,  which I think is a pretty, I don't know,  pretty relevant reference still to this day, right?  Sure.
  Mr.
 Mooney being the banker.
  Basically, Lucy worked at a bank  and Mr.
 Mooney was her boss,  but also seemingly was in charge of her money.
  So they could still do the dynamic of Lucy,  like Ricky not wanting her to spend money on something.
  So he would get upset with her a lot.
  And- This was on the second show.
  On the second show.
  It was on the second show,  which changed concepts a few seasons in.
  Yeah, well, Vivian Vance left.
  Vivian Vance left.
  Her and Lucy had a falling out at that point.
  And she would come back every now and then.
  But the whole thing was that Lucy was a rich widow  and Vivian Vance was divorced  and they were raising their children together  in the same house.
  And then a few seasons in,  I believe she fired her whole writing staff  and they rejiggered it.
  Gail Gordon had shown up already  and then they reconfigured it  so that Lucy lived in California now and worked at a bank  and Gail Gordon was her boss  and no longer her money manager.
  Right.
  It was, yes.
  I have a haziness with this show,  even though there's episodes  that I remember very specifically.
  My mom and family like to watch the Christmas episode,  specifically with Vivian Vance and Lucy,  where they both, they disagree on how to do Christmas.
  So they have like two different trees.
  And that's like a family tradition now  is that we watch that show around Christmas time.
  I think that might be our only tradition  as far as watching things.
  It might be that episode of-  Should get a second tree in the spirit of that.
  I agree, because there's like,  one of them wants like a white tree.
  I want a colorful tree.
  Like they used to have those big like gaudy pink trees  and-  Silver trees.
  Silver trees.
  I like that stuff.
  Anyway, so Gail Gordon,  there's a controversy that I never see.
  I, to bring up Billy West again,  Billy West has a theory, I think,  I haven't seen it online,  is that Gail Gordon stole his whole comedic persona  in delivery from another frequent guest star  of I Love Lucy, Frank Nelson.
  Frank Nelson is the guy who's now been parodied.
  He's been on the,  they've used the voice on The Simpsons many times.
  Is the guy that would go, yes.
  It's that guy.
  He was on Sanford and Son.
  He would just do this gimmick  on all these different sitcoms  where you would like try to get it  like a guy who worked at a store's attention  and he would turn around and go, yes.
  People-  I wonder if it lets you know you're dealing  with the most persnickety uppity man right out of the gate.
  It's a hell of a, to use an improv to an initiation.
  It's a wonderful character initiation.
  Yes, and it is funny.
  It works almost every time.
  And Sanford and Son, he's kind of old,  so it's a little, it's maybe a little shakier  than when he was younger.
  But it's the same, it is the same delivery  as Gail Gordon who would be very much like,  the Lucille, like he has the same cadence.
  And maybe he just ripped off this guy's bit  and did it, like not better maybe,  but made a lot more money probably  because he was on regular.
  He like wormed his way into parts  that were more functional on the show  within the stuff he made or did.
  A character they needed more often.
  Right, and there was no Joe Rogan confronting  Mencia moment ever as far as I can tell.
  You stole my vid.
  No I did not.
  I never.
  I would.
  I would rule.
  How dare you?  They're at the comedy store.
  Both immediately get hit with a bucket of water.
  A waiter with two pies.
  My tie is spinning at the very thought.
  Gordon versus Nelson.
  That would be a good like.
  I did, I certainly did not steal your itchy asshole bit.
  I never.
  I never.
  There should be a, like what's the Ryan Murphy  one that's Feud, Feud.
  There should be a Nelson.
  Nelson versus Gordon.
  Gordon Feud episode or show.
  Well, and now it's funny that you say that  because there was a lot of weird Lucy stuff in the 2000s.
  There's the statue in Celeron, New York.
  There was a statue.
  Celeron.
  Celeron.
  I believe that.
  Celeron.
  Yeah, I would guess that's how you say it.
  It was the statue that everyone came to call scary Lucy.
  Oh, I've seen scary Lucy.
  It's like a statue of her.
  It does not look like her.
  So they replaced it with a more,  a better version of her in 2016.
  But then because the first one  was such a popular tourist destination now,  the statues sit a few feet apart, like 70 feet apart.
  They're both there in this town.
  I've never heard this.
  Wow, like the Dueling Christmas Trees.
  Like the Dueling Christmas Trees.
  Dueling Lucy statues.
  That's very insane.
  They should add next to all this,  the Ellen from Ellen's Energy Adventure.
  Just have all of the frightening sitcom figures.
  But Feud made me think of this fact  that we have not seen yet.
  In 2015, it was announced  that Lucio Ball would be played by Cate Blanchett  in an untuttle biographical film  to be written by Aaron Sorkin.
  Oh wow.
  So now, I don't know.
  I used to really like Aaron Sorkin  and then I think he got away from the power of television.
  I think the closer he used to the power of media,  well, not newsroom.
  I was gonna say.
  I don't know.
  I really used to really like Sports Night.
  I loved the West Wing when it was on.
  I didn't make it my entire political worldview.
  But I think the social network is very good.
  Yes.
  And I think he wrote a play called  The Farnsworth Invention about the invention of television  that's supposed to be very good.
  Well, I think an I Love Lucy project would benefit  from that they're recreating existing scenes  rather than him writing the comedy scenes from Old Cloth.
  Oh, well, that's true.
  Assuming that that's the plan.
  But if this were to be a Studio 60 scenario  and he was doing I Love Lucy fan fiction.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  I was thinking, will there be a time when,  because everyone's so desperate to just reuse old TV shows.
  Will there be a time when like, I Love Lucy is back  and it's just new people playing the characters  and then they've just written new episodes.
  I mean, they've been doing these live TV shows.
  That's true.
  They have been doing a version of this.
  So will one of them just stick  and then we'll get Aaron Sorkin's I Love Lucy.
  Well, and they're bringing them back  because in a divided America,  the all in the family sort of matters in a new way.
  So maybe you need the relevance.
  Like that, can Vita meet a Vegemin somehow be a take  on our frustrating healthcare situation  and the lies that are peddled by Big Pharma.
  Right.
  That's good.
  Mm-hmm.
  That might sort of up the relevance.
  Sorkin will write it.
  He's gonna do a re, he's gonna do a new pass  on Vita meet a Vegemin.
  Yeah, take the old script.
  Cause the old ones are just recreations of old episodes.
  I don't know if they change it at all.
  But this one will be a re-imagining of Vita meet a Vegemin.
  Oh yeah.
  For a new political landscape.
  And with more Gilbert and Sullivan references.
  Yeah, yeah.
  That's one of his problems with the old Lucy show  is not enough Gilbert and Sullivan.
  Sure.
  And there was plenty of Gilbert and Sullivan.
  Did everyone come across the street show  that I don't think was long lived.
  Yes, probably.
  They would do right outside in Universal Studios Florida.
  They would do a show with,  of course you may have seen  the Lucy Ball Walkaround character.
  I learned this, the estate has to approve  everyone who plays Lucy.
  What?  Yeah.
  The estate, just like the Geisel estate  has to approve all the stuff for Seuss Landing.
  And JK Rowling has to approve all the Harry Potter stuff.
  The Lucy Ball estate has to approve  the performers who play I Love Lucy.
  But, so this had a walk around Lucy  and a walk around Ricky and a band.
  And they fought Wolverine.
  You're bringing up something I do like  because there's a clip of Lucy getting scared  by Frankenstein at Universal Studios.
  That's very fun.
  I love.
  But I didn't know that Ricky was a character.
  Ricky was a character.
  He would try to play a number.
  I saw it, yeah.
  Lucy would try to force her way in the show.
  And then she would show that she could perform  by doing the Vitamita Vegement performance.
  And then she was loopy.
  And then the band just starts to play  and she's loopy and she's pulling people around  trying to dance to it.
  Oh, she gets a little loose.
  Yeah, she gets a little loose.
  Now it's a little party in the streets.
  Right, because the Vitamita Vegement,  the bit was that she was doing a commercial  and she would drink it because it was part of the commercial  but the medicine would get you drunk.
  She got very drunk.
  So she was doing that on the stage.
  I thought the performers were very good,  very accurate, like Brady Bunch movie level accurate  where you're like, hey, they all kind of nailed the spirit  of the original performance.
  Yeah, because Ricky has to sing.
  Yeah.
  Thanks to this vetting process, which is,  I mean, that's nice, but it also creeps me out  in kind of a Fox News blonde automaton kind of way.
  Well, I'm sure the Monroe estate has to do,  the Marilyn Monroe estate maybe approves that.
  Probably.
  Chaplin estate, like, yeah, I think.
  The Austin Powers estate.
  The Austin Powers estate.
  Dustin Powers' widow has to prove each Austin Powers.
  Does Mike Myers have to approve the Austin Powers  in the Universal Singapore?  Oh my God.
  Does he have to go through a bunch of tapes  or is he there live for the auditions?  Mm.
  I don't know.
  And he'll give a yeah baby or a no baby  or a no that's not my bag.
  That kind of thing's not my bag, baby.
  Right.
  The Austin Powers and the Walkaround Foxy Cleopatra  do actually do this show.
  They do the big band and they do fight to be the best.
  Oh, the same thing, yeah.
  I will say, I love that Lucy now is part of  the Walkaround IP of, I mean, she has been for a while,  but the Walkaround IP of Universal,  which includes Minions, includes Frankenstein.
  Groucho Marx.
  Groucho.
  Some real people in some cartoon  and then like Sideshow Bob.
  Yeah, so Lucy and Sideshow.
  Lucy, Sideshow Bob and Woody Woodpecker  could show up together around in the same vicinity.
  They usually, I don't think,  Lucy usually at Universal Hollywood  is just sitting in like a little director's chair  on the main drag.
  What do you call that?  Do they have a name for that street?  Like their main street?  I'm sure there is.
 Studio Way.
  Studio Way.
  But yeah, right, with like Beetlejuice.
  I think it's possible that for younger people  that the line is blurred, they know what Lucy is,  but do they know that Lucy is a real person  or that Groucho is a real person?  Yeah.
  And then, okay, well, if they're real people,  does that mean Beetlejuice is a real person?  And the whole gang's gathered on the back  of this very.
.
.
  Yeah, who do we got on there?  Well, they all have to team up to rescue  Chilly Willie from Boris Batonov.
  You know, Laurel and Hardy,  where Laurel and Hardy reel  is the creature from the Black Lagoon reel.
  Fievel.
  Was Fievel a real mouse?  Well, yeah, it's confusing.
  Yeah, Fievel was real,  but playing a character named Fievel  based on the reel on himself, the lines are blurred.
  Is there any, a single Disney walk-around character  that was real, a real person?  Well, didn't they in Disney of James Studios also have.
.
.
  Were the Disney of James Studios characters generic,  like, I'm an actress from the 40s,  or were they real?  Oh, that's a good question.
  Were they based on.
.
.
  Citizens of Hollywood were all more archetypes.
  Right, that's the name, the citizens of Hollywood.
  Yikes.
  But yeah, did they have impersonators?  I can't remember.
  This is a good question.
  Who was a real person?  Yeah, Pocahontas is a good answer.
  Is that it?  John Smith.
  Yeah, I guess he walked around.
  John Smith is real.
  I remember had a walk-around Lincoln.
  Was there a walk-around Lincoln ever?  I don't know, I don't think so.
  I think he stayed in.
  I'm sure there used to be a walk-around Davy Crockett.
  Yes, yes, good, good, good, yeah, good pull.
  And a Mike Fink, was there a Mike Fink?  Well, was there a walk-around?  Mommy, mommy, I want my picture with Mike Fink.
  The river pirate, the unhinged man.
  He'd follow you into the bathroom  and flush your head down the toilet.
  Was.
  Drown.
  Zorro was not a real person, right?  Mike, Zorro was not a real person.
  All right.
  But that's exactly one of those things, I wasn't sure.
  I wasn't super confident.
  I didn't think he was.
  No.
  Zorro was like the inspiration for Batman.
  It's like the tradition of Batman goes through Zorro,  which is why Thomas and Martha Wayne  were seeing Zorro with Bruce.
  A kid might think that Dracula was real.
  That Dracula was like, yes, of course,  I know he's a scary horror character,  but I think he wrote the movie for himself.
  Right.
  Yeah, it's autobiographical.
  Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And then they saw like.
  I want to bring my story to the masses.
  And Trump is gonna give Dracula  some sort of a medal soon, probably.
  For all of his great work.
  That'll be confusing too.
  So he wanted blood, who cares, that's the big deal.
  I love drinking.
  Maybe I like blood, maybe I'll drink some blood.
  Have we heard about blood?  Have we heard about this blood?  Wonderful blood.
  Everyone's been talking about this blood.
  And we're gonna do it, we're gonna make it happen.
  We're drinking the blood, folks.
  We're bringing back blood, folks.
  We love blood, we love blood.
  There's that picture of Trump with Frankenstein,  of course, at Universal Studios.
  Was Frankenstein one of those?  Wasn't he?  Oh yes, it's Frankenstein.
  The minions.
  That might be a full, much like our Fabio.
  We might even do the full episode  about his photo with Shrek.
  It's apprentice tie-in, right?  Yeah, because they're all wearing suits  and Trump-esque ties.
  Oh yeah.
  Will he award Shrek with any sort of medal?  We don't know.
  No, they gotta follow.
  Sloppy Shrek.
  Sloppy Shrek.
  Can't control his disgusting children.
  Fergal Fargas.
  Except Felicia.
  Felicia.
  He's kind of an immigrant, too.
  He's trying to come from the swamp into the kingdom,  which Trump's not a fan of.
  But yeah, Shrek and Fievel.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  Fievel's a big Fievel.
  Oh thank God Fievel was out of the park.
  Yeah.
  Fred Trump especially would have evicted all of the mice.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And the cats, they're all out.
  So what are we talking about?  Walk around characters?  Oh yeah, walk around Lucy.
  There was Lucy Street Show.
  What else?  Lucy, I mean you saw, they had a lot of pictures  with Lucy and all our Hollywood friends.
  Of course my favorite, Jack Benny.
  Lucy and Jack Benny.
  Jack Benny doing his hands,  got his hands over his mouth.
  Jack Benny, very funny.
  I like Jack.
  Very funny.
  I like Jack Benny more now as an adult.
  So I never really watched anything with him.
  I don't, see that stuff is like, again, shot on Kinescope.
  A little.
 Yeah, that stuff didn't survive.
  Some of the radio stuff has survived.
  Very briefly, you and I got into,  Netflix had like six or seven Jack Benny episodes.
  Very small amount, yes.
  And we got rightfully obsessed with them.
  Because they're just so odd.
 Yeah, and then they went away.
  They're not on there anymore.
  They put up like, yeah,  badly transferred Jack Benny episodes on Netflix  for like six months.
  And I was like, these are funny.
  And then they were gone.
  And I don't know where they are.
  Like some funny sketches.
  There's some stuff on archive.
org.
  Actually a lot of the Colgate stuff.
  Sure.
  The radio shows where he gets a polar bear for no reason.
  Yeah, there's some like goofy, weird stuff on there.
  Well, a lot of the, I mean,  there's weird rights issues with the Lucy show.
  And not, I don't think all of those are readily available.
  But I know due to public domain laws,  that five of them at least are available on VUBU.
  Right.
  Oh, great.
  Yeah, you guys are into VUBU, right?  Lucy show or I love Lucy.
  Lucy show.
 Lucy show, perfect.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  So it's on there with the Craig Healy stuff.
  I mean, that's where Quibi is gonna run into issues.
  It's just, you know,  VUBU's already saturated the market and it's free.
  Yeah, it's free and the bites are bigger.
  Yeah, they're not quick bites.
  They're longer bites.
  Which is like, some people want long,  some people want quick.
  Yeah, I love Lucy's kind of a long bite  or a few quick bites stacked on top of each other.
  VUBU's into huge bites, which is what the BU is standing.
  That's like a combo of bite and huge.
  Yeah.
 That's what BU means.
  And it's not VUDU.
  That's a different streaming service.
  That's a different streaming service.
  Is that who owns that?  Yeah, I just learned that.
  Cause I think maybe it's getting bought.
  That's what I saw, yeah.
  It's being purchased by someone else.
  VUDU is being purchased, but VUBU,  do you wanna spell it in case people wanna check it out?  V-I-O-O-B-U.
com.
  And you can see, yeah, I believe.
  It's a Lucy show and you know,  Cricut Fix It America.
  John Hopkins Science Revision.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Armchair Detective, Van Clip Cup.
  I mean, all your favorites are there.
  Yeah, so be aware of Quibi.
  We did not say Gail Gordon hosts the video  that plays in Lucy Attribute.
  Oh, oh yeah.
  And I searched for it and maybe I didn't do a good job,  but I searched for just a feed of it.
  But I don't believe it exists.
  You see little clips when people are walking through.
  Clips of the montages of her falling in the grapes  and doing the chocolate.
  And doesn't he, he's like very loving, just like,  oh my God.
 Good night,  you wonderful, wonderful angel.
  Yes, he is, yes, very reverential, that's the word.
  I'd give you a medal if I could.
  Mm-hmm, he probably, I mean, look,  she probably would've married Gail Gordon  and not Gary Morton.
  Had to grab as she could at the time.
  But he was around, he would do what she said, it was easy.
  There's a clip of Lucy on the Dinah Shore show  with Carol Burnett.
  I didn't realize they were such good friends.
  And they're showing all the clips of Gail Gordon  getting stuff dumped on him on the show.
  I believe that was on that clip as well.
  I believe there was a montage of Gail Gordon  getting like shit dumped on him.
  And I think they played it every chance they could get.
  And they ask Lucy, like,  how do you think you've felt about that?  And she's like, oh, you know, it was all part of the fun.
  And they're like, do you wanna ask him?  And he comes out and she's so delighted to see him.
  She was cantankerous, then she's delighted to see them.
  And they're still very funny together,  even in the late 70s.
  There's another, I forget which talk show it was,  where they surprise her with Vivian Vance.
  So I guess this was like a common theme  where they'd surprise Lucy with an old friend  she hadn't talked to in five years.
  And then they're like, oh.
  The main way she saw any of these people.
  That was most of television, just surprising people.
  This is your life, celebrity roasts, all those.
  I believe a different YouTube clip  where he's talking about Lucy, which is Gail Gordon.
  He's on a bench, he's wearing  like a very Vincent Price style outfit.
  He looks like Magnum P.
I.
's friend.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  What's his name?  Higgins?  I wanted to say Higgins, yeah.
  Yeah.
  And the clip is, it says,  Gail Gordon always got it working with Lucy.
  And then there's just a clip of him getting pies  thrown in his face and water dumped on him.
  Do we know about the special that I've just been made aware  of called Lucy Calls the President?  First off, which president?  Come in.
  I only know a little bit about it.
  It's just that there's, I don't think it's a current,  it's a made up president,  but Gail Gordon plays Ed McMahon's father on it.
  What?  And Vivian Vance is on it,  and it's just like a one-off special from like 1978,  I believe, that we have to do a full,  we'll do a full thing on it.
  But I just, like an hour before we started,  I came up on Lucy Calls the President.
  You know, if I could bring it back to theme parks,  and I apologize.
  No, that's okay.
  I'm a little upset, but okay.
  I was, okay, so this was like,  we got the show, we got this museum,  there is a Lucy, cool ways to do a Lucy presence  in Universal Studios.
  Anybody have any thoughts about if they, you know,  if they were to keep this relationship alive,  and there were to be a more full  I Love Lucy theme park experience,  what that might consist of?  Well, I mean, we've seen the stuff that they did at MGM  where you would be in the sitcom, they would do, you know.
  Didn't that, wasn't there I Love Lucy, didn't that?  I believe there was like a.
  Oh, you would do the chocolates.
  The conveyor belt scene, yeah.
  Yeah, you would do the conveyor belt.
  So there's been that version of it.
  There's maybe like a restaurant possibility  where you're given like a minute,  like a money grab quick booth.
  That's good.
  And you can have all the chocolate,  like for a certain amount of money,  it's all the chocolate you can eat  as long as you can catch them off the conveyor belt.
  That's very good.
  I think you could put that in like every Dave and Busters  in the country as well.
  Yeah.
  That would be.
  Oh, that's a really good, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Like a repeatable arcade game.
  Yeah, turn Jason loose in that game.
  I love it.
  That replaces Skeeball, I think.
  I think all those aisles are out  and that space is now full chocolate conveyor belts.
  I think for sure you gotta replicate Club Babalu.
  I think that would be a good dining show.
  First of all, anytime you see it on the TV show,  it's a great show.
  Yeah.
  Big band singing, restaurant.
  So like that's a good thing.
  Night there, yes, would be a blast.
  I think, I mean, look, Lucy has,  the thing with Lucy is like,  what's the budget on this ride?  It's like, if we're gonna do multiple Lucy rides,  then that's one thing.
  But if it has to encapsulate all of Lucy's career,  then we want something that goes from like I Love Lucy  to Stone Pillow.
  We do wanna see some of Stone Pillow.
  Oh, you want the whole career.
  I was thinking it was just I Love Lucy.
  So maybe it starts in the apartment  and then you try to, you do the chocolate  and then maybe you have to dash to California.
  Maybe.
  So this is kind of a rise of the resistance  where it's sort of all the greatest hits.
  Sure, rise of the resistance.
  You stop at one point to stomp the grapes.
  Quickly, stomp those grapes.
  We haven't even touched on the Harpo.
  I don't know who's trying to get, is it maybe?  Oh, it's Gale Gordon.
  Oh, sure, okay, he's trying to get money from ya.
  You're evading quick troops.
  Gale Gordon.
  It's Oscar Isaac.
  He's still Oscar Isaac, yeah.
  Quick, we've gotta get out of here.
  Gale Gordon is demanding money from you.
  He knows you've overspent on some dresses  at the shop this weekend.
  You owe him $80.
  Hurry, get out of the store.
  Look out.
  I don't get it either.
  He's not related to you.
  It's your money.
  It's none of his business.
  None of Gale Gordon's business.
  Look out, Fred Mertz just knocked over a Keno light.
  So yeah, Gale, so if we're using the rise  of the resistance framework, Gale is Kylo Ren.
  Yeah.
  Gale shows up in the pre-show.
  Yeah.
  He shows up on the ship.
  And does he stab something into the roof  of where you're trapped?  Oh, he.
  I don't know if he had a famous prop.
  He didn't really have a famous, I don't think.
  Well, maybe his head comes down,  like the alien in Great Movie Ride,  and your car shoots it with the seltzer bottle.
  Like shoots it with water.
  Where do you think you're going?  Shhhhhh.
  Blblblbl.
  Yeah, if you could have, okay, you put water cannons  on the front of the ride vehicle.
  I think we have to invent what the ride vehicle is.
  I will say that if we're using just the same,  let's just take there that track system and model.
  So then I think it's easy to slide in  that instead of the droid, instead of the R5,  it's a cognizant bongo drum.
  No, that's good.
  And it's spinning around and kind of like,  and he just communicates,  instead of communicating via beeps,  it's just like, brrrrda boop, brrrrda boop, boop, boop.
  Do you exit into like, all right everyone, you did it.
  You reached Connecticut.
  You reached the home in Connecticut.
  You made it to the summer house.
  Barely even touched on that.
  In the last couple seasons of I Love Lucy,  they relocated to Connecticut, including Fred and Ethel.
  Who just went back and lived in the back house.
  Who went and lived, but the explanation being,  they could afford to do that  because at some point,  Ricky and Fred had gone in together on an egg business.
  And then, and Fred, like selling eggs, I believe.
  And Fred also, it's casually mentioned,  is now the manager of Ricky's band.
  This cantankerous old landlord.
  He sold the apartment building.
  Fred sells the apartment because Fred was the landlord.
  We forgot to mention that too.
  Fred was the landlord.
  So yeah, then they just.
  Well, he sells the building.
  I believe he sells the building.
  Or they have somebody else manage it.
  One of the two.
  I shouldn't, look, I apologize.
  But that today is like, that's a Whole Foods location.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So they really, they cashed out.
  All right, so back to the ride.
  You have to go through that famous scene.
  Like you're in the bedroom with the twin beds.
  Well, I was just thinking,  I think maybe the ride vehicles.
  Are twin beds?  Yes, because you split in two.
  So you're in separate twin beds.
  I don't know if that, the gates,  that's what you were about to say.
  No, no, no, that's good, I like that.
  And then men and women have to be in separate cars.
  Oh yes, quickly, divide up.
  Men over here, women over here.
  Right, it's just, it wouldn't be proper.
  Is it maybe the, the, the, the, the, the Mont Calamari.
  What's his, what's his name again?  Lieutenant Becks.
  Is that Fred?  Because it's kind of a, it's kind of a scratchy guy.
  Hurry, get in the beds.
  And then, we can't afford $80, are you kidding?  So yeah, that spot where you're in the transport  on Rise to the Resistance is like an old jalopy.
  It's like Fred's old jalopy, and you all load in there.
  And then he's like driving away,  but then you get caught in some sort of a tractor beam.
  Or he just like runs out of gas,  because he'd be like, that's ridiculous.
  See what they're charging these days?  15 cents a gallon, that's a bunch of hooey.
  He gets out and he tries to siphon gas out  with a tube in his mouth from a different car,  but there's not enough time to do it.
  And then, and Ethel walks up right behind,  taps him on the shoulder, and then he turns around  and like spits it in her face.
  Yes, and then she does a big long take.
  And kicks him in the balls.
  Well, and then you go around, you would leave them,  and you go around a corner, and the car stops  like really suddenly, and right in front of your car  is a Harpo Marx animatronic.
  And then the car has to mirror  what the Harpo Marx animatronic is doing.
  Or you pretend you're him.
  Or maybe it splits, maybe one scene  gets the Harpo Marx animatronic,  and then the other scene, the other car gets  like Ricky going, you're Spectin?  And then sings the song, the famous song  that he serenades Lucy with, which is of course  the theme song to the show with words put to it.
  That he sings to her when he finds out she is with Child.
  So you have-  I think we gotta save the Child for the end, maybe.
  Congratulations, you're Expectin.
  Look, I'm obviously an idea factory right now.
  If we wanna spin I Love Lucy off  onto Disney Plus or something, the Child could be  Little Ricky and not the baby Yoda.
  Mandalorian is trying to transport baby.
  Cause Little Ricky did have a very cute little bongo drum.
  Yes, that is true.
  And we've established a good TV baby, a good TV Child.
  Oh, great.
  Yeah, yeah, I would agree.
  Is this ride just still called Lucy a Tribute?  Lucy a Tribute, Lucy Rise of-  Rise of a Tribute.
  Rise of a Tribute.
  Oh man, that's so good.
  You gotta nod to the original title.
  So what we're advocating, because if you didn't get to go  to one of these little Lucy museums,  they were pretty small.
  It's buildings that are, as you said,  it's a Hello Lucy, Hello Lucy, Hello Lucy.
  I wish.
  There's a Hello Kitty store in Florida.
  There's Hello Kitty in all the classic Universal movies.
  I wish there was a Hello Kitty dressed like Lucille Ball.
  Why did they not?  That would have been the perfect way to stitch it together.
  It's I think now just like a grab and go restaurant  in Hollywood.
  It's just like where you get pre-packaged sandwiches.
  It's connected to the Panda, or an old Panda Express?  It's next to it.
  Yeah.
  Next to it, okay.
  And it was briefly universal, the experience.
  It was rotating exhibit of props and mad cats.
  So these were relatively small spaces,  and I think maybe it felt inessential and easy to remove.
  Let's just put a store in there because it was so small.
  What we want is for Lucy Attribute to come back,  but to be a huge two-story experience.
  In fact, right essentially behind that spot  where it used to be in Hollywood,  Universal's putting up a big new ride building.
  Now we assume that it's Nintendo, but who knows?  Maybe they'll surprise us,  and they are doing Lucy Rise of Attribute.
  We can see in there that they haven't put any robots in yet.
  So there is still time for Universal.
  We know, look, we know a lot of industry  listens to this show, okay?  Yeah.
  Big time.
  So we're just putting it in your ear.
  A lot of the orders.
  Yeah, putting it in your ear.
  Yeah.
  Maybe.
  There's gonna be hunger for this.
  Forget Donkey Kong, forget Mario and Luigi.
  Yeah.
  But do remember Frank Nelson, Gail Gordon,  William Frawley, Vivian Vance.
  Do we have an equivalent of what's the show stopper,  the giant, the walkers?  Yeah.
  The big scale.
  I think it's the full band, right?  I think it's Club Abloor.
  Well that's a restaurant.
  But that's a restaurant also,  and you want that to be a separate experience.
  Well that's I think the equivalent  of seeing all the storm troopers.
  Like you get off the transport and then you're in the club,  and there's a thousand Cuban musicians.
  Not a thousand.
  Yes, sure.
  No, why not?  A thousand.
  Yeah, that's how many were in his band, I believe.
  Yeah.
  That's how many were in his orchestra was a thousand people.
  Yeah, I mean what's the biggest,  what if you see, there's a famous episode of Lucy  where they have George Reeve play,  so he was Superman on the old show,  and Lucy gets him, or Ricky gets him  to come to the little Ricky birthday party,  and then Lucy didn't know he was gonna show up,  so she dresses as Superman to try to impress the kids,  and Lucy's an idiot.
  So she gets out on the ledge on the high apartment building  to try to prove that she's Superman.
  Doesn't make any sense, and then real George Reeve  comes in and gets out on the ledge as well,  because I guess he's also very confident and saves Lucy,  and that's like the, so maybe there's a Superman scene.
  You're dangling off the ledge of a building.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, and with the checklist ride vehicle,  maybe that elevator part is replaced,  but you do the grape stomping.
  That's like an up and down movement  where the whole vehicle, the bed, is stomping the grapes.
  Yes, and it's like, that's very similar  to a scene in Pooh's Honey Hunt.
  Oh yeah.
  So, mm-hmm.
  And at a peculiar ride.
  Now, at Hollywood, during Halloween Horror Nights,  this just becomes a, what is the movie called?  Is it Hollywoodland about the mysterious death  of George Reeve?  Remember that?  Yes, the Bill and Affleck movie.
  Remember that?  Oh yeah.
  Within a month of each other,  it's sort of like Deep Impact and Armageddon.
  There was the Black Dahlia in Hollywoodland came out.
  I don't remember that there was another movie.
  I think it was fall like 2006 or so.
  So, Ben Affleck played-  There was a pair of movies.
  Ben Affleck has played Superman and Batman in a way.
  In a way, yeah.
  Oh, yeah, weird.
  Yeah.
  Interesting.
  This is a show, so this is a, this is a neat ticket ride.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I would just, the only, I would just say  is we got a few more Frawley animatronics in the ride.
  For sure.
  Which like, we've inadvertently spoiled  Rise of the Resistance now, not giving a spoiler.
  But-  It's been a while.
  Yeah, it's in all the commercials.
  It's all been confusing enough.
  And a lot of people bailed, you know, after minute seven.
  A couple, yeah, yeah.
  To not understand what we're talking about.
  I found out there's still a little bit of Lucy  hanging in the park.
  Apparently the one shop, which I thought I went in this shop,  I forget what it's called, at Universal Florida,  in the like New York streets has like a Lucy display  of merchandise, which I didn't see or else I probably  would have bought a coffee mug.
  But then, in the pressed penny machine,  at Hello Kitty, you can still get either the classic  I Love Lucy logo or a Vitamita Vegemin pressed penny.
  And I'm so mad I missed that.
  Oh jeez.
  Because I definitely would have gotten those  when I was there.
  Yeah.
  I do think we're winding down here.
  I have two other little things.
  There's one quick, a story I really,  or these are two quick little stories  and then one way to go out, I think.
  Okay, okay, good.
  So when, supposedly, according to legend,  when William Frawley died, Vivian Vance heard the news  and shouted, champagne for everyone.
  Oh man.
  Which, you know, who knows if that was fully true,  but I'm sure the sentiment is similar.
  And then there was a story of a guy who was like  obsessed with Lucy and he considers himself Lucy's  number one fan.
  Did anybody come across this?  Was he the guy who gave Universal some of the stuff  to use in the music?  It was like a-  I think, do you have the guy's name?  I'm of course not.
  I think that was just-  Is it Bowman?  That was a lot from the estate and everything.
  But there was a big fan who became friends  with Lucy Ball when he was younger.
  Yeah, and I'm trying to, of course,  can anyone vamp while I find this stupid thing?  The story that I missed, the Bill Frawley story,  one of my answers in that trivia game  was based on reality, which is that it was  in exchange for he agreed to, Frawley agreed to behave  and show up on time and not be drunk,  but he did have one stipulation,  which is if the Yankees are in the World Series,  I don't have to do the show.
  Right.
  And this was the 50s, so the Yankees were in the  World Series a lot.
  So very many times he was not around.
  I think it didn't end up, they just, you know,  had to be creative with how to get him in,  but there were two entire episodes in which he does  not appear because the Yankees are in the World Series.
  This is similar, when I read that,  this is similar to Nicholson shooting Batman,  and I'm assuming other movies.
  Nicholson would not work if the Lakers were playing,  I believe.
  In town.
  In town, yeah, in town, so he could go to the game.
  So he had that built in.
  Wow.
  I like how today, like, if you dare take the mantle  of playing the Joker, you have to go to the darkest place  you've ever been, you have to live as the Joker  for 10 straight months, and Jack is like,  peacing out, Laker time.
  I can see the Lakers.
  And then Coe just comes back the next,  all right, what the fuck was I doing?  No, that's right.
  Teehee, I'm the Joker.
  Like Harrison.
  There was no difference.
  Yeah, that was better.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Oscars be damned.
  I think it was better.
  He had a scary smile, and he just, like, you know.
  Thing is, I'm a scary guy.
  He just put a little more, a little more juice  on his normal voice, like 5%.
  All right, I gotta get out of here in 10.
  Gentlemen, let's expand our minds.
  That one work, okay.
  Cook, Frintz, I'm hanging with Kareem tonight.
  I think he would have them all taped,  the game's taped too, and then he would watch,  like, no one could tell him what happened.
  Oh, sure.
  I'm assuming, yeah, I wonder if he did,  does he do that on, like, the Departed set?  Or is it like, Batman's like a big,  he wanted to do Batman, but it's like, you know.
  Well, it wasn't Showtime anymore.
  He might have put it in a more ordering show.
  You got Frawley, great Yankee team.
  Like Harrison Ford being asked, what is,  do you think you were a force ghost?  He goes, what is a force ghost?  Did that happen?  Yeah.
  Yes, good for him.
  People were also pointing out,  they think he probably does know,  and he's just, like, being an athlete.
  Which is funny, which is funny.
  I like it, I'm saying.
  Have fun.
  What is that?  He'd probably also be frustrated to be promoting, like,  the call of the wild based on a work of American literature  that is not coming out at a time of year  that people have optimistic thoughts on movies,  and you're like, what star,  we've got a lot of Star Wars questions.
  Did you see, has everyone seen the clip of him  with the CGI dog that's actually a man?  That's a guy walking around.
  It's a guy walking around,  so they have the clip of Harrison  with the guy who's playing a dog.
  My dad was like, did you see this clip?  He's like, this is so, kind of funny.
  And I was like, yeah, I saw that clip.
  I woke up in the morning,  and Mike had already sent it to me.
  Yeah.
  It had just aired on CBS this morning,  and Mike had already passed it along.
  So this guy, I found the story.
  So this guy was just like, I'm Lucy's number one fan,  and through whatever means, he met her and talked to her,  and he was, and she comes up to him, and she goes,  be my number one fan, I like you,  but get a job, get a life.
  Yes.
  Yeah, I read about that guy.
  Good for her.
  I mean, yes, correct.
  It's not a job to be a fan of her.
  That's nice, but what are you doing?  She gave him her cast from when she had broken.
  She's like, do you want this,  or should I throw it in the garbage?  He's like, of course I want it.
  I found this guy's Twitter.
  He's still all in.
  Oh, great.
  Wow.
  Oh, he's around.
  Yeah, yeah.
  He was like, young at this.
  He was pretty young.
  I have a feeling she might hear  about what we're doing and say, all right,  be the top theme park fans, but get a real job, too.
  Get a life.
  Who knows a Patreon net?  Now, what's that?  What are you talking about?  What are you doing?  Learn a trade.
  Just get a TV show and did the 100 episode syndication.
  Just cross the syndication line.
  Just make 200 episodes and you'll be set forever.
  Hollywood is frustrating,  but if Lucy gave us advice right now,  would it set everyone's problems?  Would we all find that following whatever advice Lucy had  for us individually, she would know?  She might.
  Most likely.
  She seemed very smart.
  Her and Desi both seemed pretty smart about the business.
  The anecdote I had about, that I had to mention,  I said that Carol Burnett and her were very close.
  It seems like it was a real mentor-mentee relationship.
  And apparently, Carol Burnett always got flowers  from Lucy delivered to her on her birthday.
  And Carol Burnett woke up,  I believe it was her 56th birthday,  1989 when Lucy woke up and found out Lucy had died.
  And then that afternoon, received a bouquet of flowers  with a note that said, happy birthday, kid, love Lucy.
  Because clearly they were ordered ahead of time.
  Wow.
  Kind of a mix of spooky and sad and charming.
  Jeez.
  Yikes.
  You were saying?  I was just gonna say,  we had talked earlier on an episode,  and this is not, don't get too excited  because I don't have it fully realized yet.
  But it will have to happen at a different time.
  I was trying to figure out if I could find  a really good karaoke track to force Jason to sing  an old classic song that Bill Frawley  covered on his classic album,  Bill Frawley Sings the Old Ones.
  Oh, that's right.
  We kinda hatched this plan.
  I couldn't, I found a karaoke track of Swanee River.
  Yeah.
  But it sounds bad.
  I don't know, we could try it now.
  Oh, I think.
  You think we should try it now?  Do you have the lyrics to Swanee River?  Well, it's karaoke.
  We'll take a couple minute break and come back.
  Oh, okay.
  Just to give you a little time to prepare.
  Isn't it a karaoke though?  Does it have the work?  Can you go along with the lyrics?  But does that mean the lyrics?  It doesn't mean the lyrics aren't appearing.
  It's just a YouTube of Swanee River.
  Okay.
  So there does have to be a bit of,  I was trying to see if we could just completely,  is what you're saying, is just spring it immediately.
  But there has to be a little bit of preparation here.
  Okay, okay.
  Well, then here, let's do that.
  Am I ready to say you survived podcast The Ride,  Lucy attribute edition,  perhaps the episode with the least content  related to the actual attraction,  but hopefully a fun launching point  to talk about all this Lucy nonsense.
  In some way that you could argue,  the most applicable to the.
  Well, it's like we created an audio museum.
  That's right.
  That's what I'm saying.
  So essentially, and an idea for a great new attraction,  Lucy rise of a tribute.
  So then as we said earlier,  this did not end up behind the paywall,  but there's a lot of other fun stuff behind the paywall.
  The second gate at patreon.
com slash podcast The Ride.
  And as always follow us on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
  So now we're at the point,  we shouldn't do too much prep.
  No, no, no.
  We shouldn't.
  And as we go at the lyrics,  I do want to say just a heads up,  I will do this,  but I do not endorse still a long and for the old plantation.
  I am not still a long and for the old plantation.
  Yeah, yeah, very good.
  I think that's the main problematic thing.
  I think so many of these old songs are really problematic.
  You don't even do that lyric.
  Is there another, can you,  we replace it with something,  you know, like get around with station.
  Is there like a food station?  Still long and for the Lucy tribute.
  Still long.
  We'll see.
  We'll figure it out.
  Yeah, we'll give you a little taste right now.
  Lucy and syndication.
  That's great.
  Great.
  You can fit that in.
  Check out my TV.
  I believe me TV.
  I believe they have, I love Lucy.
  Wait, so it's not a karaoke.
  No, no, this is, I'm just playing this.
  So the audience knows the Folly version real quick.
  Oh, here.
  He's really milking it.
  Voice of an angel.
  That's where my heart is turning,  heaven.
  That's where the old folks pay.
  And this is now pictured with this Fred Mertz  in a straw hat.
  No, no, no.
  Smiling like a big smug.
  Barbershop.
  Yes, very barbershop mode.
  So now.
  Hold on a second.
  Picture Jason in the same getup  and perhaps we'll add with a fox hunter uniform.
  So officially called Old Folks at Home,  the Wikipedia, the first sentence.
  Oh no.
  Old Folks at Home is a minstrel song.
  All right, yeah, you're right.
  All right, fine, maybe we do a different song.
  No.
  Wait, wait.
  But since 1935, it has been the official  state song of Florida.
  Great.
  With the lyrics having been changed.
  That doesn't make it better.
  Oh sure it does.
  The whole of our favorite parts.
  Lyrics were revised in 2008,  so I will see if I can find.
  The revised lyrics?  The revised.
  How about we could also just do it  in a song called Pretty Baby.
  But he doesn't, I bet you don't know Pretty Baby.
  You don't.
  It's gonna be a real mess.
  Yeah.
  I don't see a problem with Swanee.
  All right, well, if we get canceled,  it's, we'll find out.
  No one's, well the good thing is.
  It's all, it's, it's,  it depended on you finding the 2008 lyrics.
  Who wrote new, was someone's job to come up with new.
  Bernie Toppin came up with new lyrics.
  Swanee River 2008, my favorite updated song  since Candle in the Wind 97.
  I've got it on the official  Florida Department of State website.
  Oh my god.
  This is a government written song.
  These new more progressive lyrics.
  Destroyed the country.
  But also gave us.
  Check the lyrics to make sure they're not worse.
  There's a chance the lyrics were worse than the old one.
  Which is already problematic.
  Very.
  There's a lot about.
  There's a whole song now.
  Sarah Palin's newspapers.
  2008, baby.
  The good thing we know though is that no one's listening,  so we'll be all right.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  This got as sloppy as drunk episodes are.
  And we're just drunk on Lucy.
  We're drunk on Vitamita Vegemin.
  This is wholesome.
  Yeah.
  Are we ready to do it?  I guess we can go right into it.
  All right.
  Let's see how the track is.
  Well, so here to take us out.
  What's the name of the album?  You just put Jason's name in it?  Oh, Jason Sheridan Sings the Old Ones.
  Jason Sheridan Sings the Old Ones.
  Where do you start?  Wait, I heard us go back.
  We gotta go back.
  We gotta go back.
  Screw it up.
  This one's awful.
  There's not a ton of karaoke tracks for Swanee River.
  Go.
  Way down upon the Swanee River.
  Oh, it's faster.
  You're doing the Mertz version.
  Way down upon the Swanee River.
  Way down upon the Swanee River.
  Way down upon the Swanee River.
  Way down upon the Swanee River.
  Way down upon the Swanee River.
  It's the Mertz version.
  It's way, yeah, it's twice as fast.
  Yeah, yeah, hold on.
  Okay, let's one more time.
  Way down upon the Swanee River.
  Far, far away.
  That's where my heart is turning ever.
  That's where the old folks stay.
  All up and down the whole creation.
  Sadly, I roam.
  Still longing for my childhood station.
  And for the old folks home.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  Wow.
  Best end of an episode I can think of.
  Wow.
  You know, we'll get a mastered version.
  We'll get a real studio cut.
  That was the demo.
  We'll nail it.
  We'll knock it down.
  But pretty good with no prep.
  That was wonderful.
  Thanks for listening, everybody.
  Wow.
  I feel like I'm on the river right now.
  You took me there.
  Yeah, I feel like I'm in Florida.
  All right.
  Sure.
  California, here we come.
  Goodbye.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner,  Brett Boehm, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook.
