 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains these ingredients.
  Riffing, out of left field tangents,  chuckles, and equal parts sincerity and irony.
  Guest Candice LeRae joins us to talk treats  on today's delicious podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the theme park podcast whose definition of treats ranges  from ice cream and cookies to mid-Atlantic specific meats like Scrapple.
  My name is Mike Carlson, joining me as always, Scrapple enthusiast Jason Sheridan.
  I don't know if I consider that a treat so much as a staple.
  Like, there's something good and reliable to have in the house.
  So you've completely rejected my premise immediately.
  Yeah, sure.
  All right, fine.
  So I'll amend that.
  Some people, you could consider it a treat.
  But wouldn't you say that donuts are a staple as well?  But they're also a treat.
  No, I think they're a treat.
  But don't you have a donut every day?  Well, let's bring Scott Gartner in here to weigh in on this very important topic.
  Yeah, I hear what he's saying.
  A treat implies that you don't have it all the time.
  But if you're having Scrapple on the daily, then it's hardly a deviation from the norm.
  Right.
  But if Scrapple is something you have once in a while, wouldn't it be sort of like a  treat staple?  Like, as a once in a while fun staple, Jason?  So there's staples, there's treats and there's treat staples.
  These are different categories.
  That's what I'm getting at.
  But I think once in a while does not imply a staple.
  OK, that's fine.
  No, no, that's correct.
 A staple would mean a staple means it's like one of your in the  front infantry of treats.
  It is deployed the most often as an occasional thing.
  Right.
 You know, maybe during the course of this episode, we'll figure out all the lanes  that the foods go in.
  Sure.
 We obviously have a lot of important work to do today as far as organization, as  far as figuring out where things go.
  Got a lot of field clearing to do.
  It's going to be like like pretty tough physical labor, I feel.
  But let's bring our guest in.
  I'm sure she has a lot of thoughts on Scrapple and other treats.
  You know her from WWE NXT.
  Ladies and gentlemen, it's Candice LeRae.
  She's here.
  Hello.
 I'm really pumped to be here.
  Yeah, one of my favorite topics.
  You're like one of us.
  You know, you're very hardcore when it comes to all of this stuff.
  Yes.
 And actually, my husband has created a monster.
  He is really on top of looking everything up and knowing everything there is to know  about everything that we could possibly eat, especially in theme in theme parks.
  So, OK, I'm an expert now because of him.
  Before, I was just OK.
  But now.
 So he checks new  seasonal items.
 Yes.
  So the Epcot Food and Wine Festival, is that something he'll know, like  the entire lineup for?  Yes.
 And we will like print out the menus before we go.
  And we always go in with a game plan.
  Like, we kind of know what we want, what we don't want,  because I think that when people go to something,  I mean, anytime there's seasonal seasonal stuff, you may go in  and you get really pumped to eat all this stuff and then you get ahead of yourself.
  You eat too much, too fast, and then you're full.
  So he has this completely planned out to where we don't get full, too fast.
  And we space everything out.
  It's a whole system he has.
 It's crazy.
  Wow.
 OK, so you have like sort of like a book report.
  Long.
 Yes.
 Interesting.
  Is there does do you have like a general strategy  when you're going to like one of those festivals?  Is there like you hit savory foods first, you hit sweets later?  That's where it gets a little tricky because I'm a savory person.
  And Johnny is very much so a sweets person, like the ultimate sweets person.
  And I mean, for instance, if we wake up in the morning, he's like,  let's get a bunch of donuts.
  My the first thing I'm going to tell him is we got to get something else  because I can't just eat a bunch of donuts.
  That's so much sugar in so little time.
  So like we kind of it works out because we will go to a stand  and we're like, oh, they have a sweet thing, but they also have a savory thing.
  We want both.
 And we can get both.
  I'm going to eat more of the savory.
 He's going to eat more of the sweet.
  It's like perfect harmony.
  It actually works out for us.
  It's a balance.
 We have a nice balance.
 Sure.
  If it's just like a general theme park visit, though,  like if you're just going to say Epcot or you're going to the Magic Kingdom  for a night, is there a strategy always or is this just sort of a normal game  plan at that point?  I guess it depends if there's seasonal stuff out or if there I mean,  and it seems any more, there's always seasonal stuff.
 But.
  Yeah, it just depends.
  Like nowadays, there's so many seasonal options out there,  and it just depends on if we've had all that stuff.
  And then it also depends on if it is a cheat day or not,  because we can't always just go and eat a bunch of snacks.
  Well, he can't always go and eat a bunch of snacks.
  But I like to bend that rule a bit.
 Sure.
  Yeah.
 I mean,  ideally, we try to fit something in,  even if we're not technically on a cheat day.
  But it really depends on if it's worth it at that point to cheat.
  I got to be worth it.
  What would you say? Like, what is a treat that's worth it?  What are the top?  Like, I guess we're probably I mean, we're going to talk a lot of treats here.
  But what are the top treats?  Like, what are we like all of us? What are our top?  Like if even if we're feeling like we shouldn't be eating something,  but we see it, we're right by it.
  Me, it's like the double like on Main Street.
  If I get like a double scoop cone with sprinkles on the outside,  we'll usually get that.
  Even if I should.
  I feel like I can always convince myself that a dole whip is OK.
  I'm like, oh, you know, like, it's not really that bad.
  Even if it's on top of like the little pineapple upside down cake,  I like that isn't really that bad.
  It's fruit.
 It's nutritious.
  Yeah, it's just fruit.
  It's just liquid fruit.
  I think it's even dairy free.
 Yeah.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Can't go wrong.
  So we'll talk about how many carbs are in that fruit, but it's mostly.
  You need it, though, because it's energy.
  It's energy.
 Sugar is energy.
  Fruit is energy.
  That's a good point.
  The big risk is if you don't have enough treats.
  And the biggest health thing would be if you if your energy was low  and you like collapsed and hit your head on the curb on Main Street or something.
  It's vital to have all of these traits.
  Yeah, it's a necessity.
  There's a lot of like you need something.
  There's a lot of lying to ourselves that goes into eating a lot of this stuff.
  No, are we lying?  I mean, is it a lie?  I mean, there's a truth.
  There's a hint of truth.
  It's a bend.
 Bending the truth is what it is.
  Yeah.
 Do any of you guys think before a theme park  visit, like in the several days prior,  I have to like be on my good.
  I have to be on the best possible diet to allow myself  this amount of cheating,  because you know that's like inherent to the theme park experience.
  Or do you not think about it, especially because probably all of us  just end up at theme parks without realizing it, because we go for the moment.
  Yeah, I'm going to go with no.
  I do not get that any thought, but I probably should as I get older.
  I think my tree plan is usually dependent on how like  if I'm going to be there a full day or if I'm going to be there like a half day.
  Like if I'm going to be there all day,  I find I like burn energy quickly.
  Like I get hungry a lot.
  Sure.
 Oh, yeah.
  I don't have that.
  Like if I'm just sitting at home, like working and stuff like I don't  I don't eat that many times in a day.
  But if I'm like walking eight to ten miles a day in a theme park.
  Yeah, I think I'd get more hungry.
  Yeah, you need more calories.
  Yeah, you need more calories.
 You just need more.
  Yeah, but since I of course, usually have ice cream at home,  I usually like to get something a little more at the park, either  like a milkshake.
  Not that many places have milkshakes or sundaes or something a little  little extra.
 Sure.
  But like something needs to be added.
  You can't it can't just be something you could scoop out of a carton.
  I feel the same way about alcoholic beverages.
  If the bartender can do something, it's not just opening a bottle  of something I could buy at the grocery store.
  Yeah, I want I want a little flair.
  I want some little doodad on it.
  Well, let's you know what, Scott, Scott brings up a doodad,  which makes me think of an idea he's had, which will segue perfectly  into talking about the fact that you worked at Universal Studios.
  I did as was that was your official title, Baker, or were you in?  Yeah, you were.
  So you were a baker at Universal Studios.
  Scott, this reminds me because Scott had a great idea for a drink at Universal,  which I'll never forget.
  It's the he wanted a sugar Mr.
  DNA in a cocktail.
  From Jurassic Park, a little character.
  Oh, my God.
  You should think with the eye.
  Yeah, which is, I think, a fantastic idea.
  Because, you know, it's universal.
  You have less opportunities to have treats that look like characters.
  I feel like the Grinch and the minions have opened things up for them  significantly, but I think there's there's a lot more they could be doing.
  And granted, the properties are a little more limited.
  It's maybe weird to do like a cupcake that looks like an Apollo 13 console  or whatever the hell their properties are.
  But, you know, Mr.
  DNA is sitting right there.
  Beloved universal character.
  Yeah, that shouldn't be easy to.
  Yes.
  Very basic.
  So how long did you work as a baker?  So I worked there for two years and then  that wrestling was going well for me.
  So I did the crazy,  probably not adult thing and left my baking job for my wrestling.
  It worked out.
 Yeah, it did.
  Yeah, none of it sounds very adults.
  That's all like a little kid fantasy.
  That's I will say to you, I know I had I applied at Disney first  and they said that you needed more experience, which is fine.
  I get that.
  And I went to Universal and originally the baking position wasn't a thing.
  It just said cook.
  And I was like, well, I have like a full culinary degree.
  I'll just do I'll do that.
 That's fine.
  I like cooking.
  And I went in for my interview and you had to take a test first.
  And they asked me, they said, oh, you didn't specify which test  you wanted to take.
 And I was so confused.
  I was like, what?  And they said, do you want the baking test or do you want the cooking one?  And like, I lost my mind because I was like,  I want to be a baker so badly.
  And I took the baking test, was not prepared for the baking test.
  So I thought I was going to vomit.
  But I passed.
  I only missed like three on the test.
  The chef talked to me because I lived at the time I was in Riverside,  which is a good solid hour and a half away from Universal.
  So the chef was a little worried about that commute every day.
  But I mean, the hour and a half commute is not bad when you're working,  you know, 12 hour shifts.
  And it was such a great like I didn't feel like I was working at all.
  I loved it so much.
  We got to do so many cool things like we because the bakery there,  I don't think a lot of people realize the bakery in the production kitchen  also cater events that happen on property.
  So we got to do a lot of movie premieres, television premieres,  like just so many cool events that were happening that nobody would have ever  guessed that we got to cater for.
  So every day you walk in and it's like you just don't know  what you're going to be doing or what to expect is just such a cool job.
  I literally never felt like I was working.
  Wow, that's great.
 I'll play.
  I have a lot of questions about everything you just said,  and I'm going to go in chronological order.
  The first one, what is what does the baking test consist of?  Well, they ask you a lot of questions, you know, because you have to be.
  I was served safe certified at the time, so they'll ask you a lot of things  like temperatures and, you know, you don't want eggs just hanging out,  not staying cold.
  You want to know what temperatures things have to be to be done  because you want to get people sick.
  So basically that and cleanliness, things of that nature  is basically what the test was.
  And then like the thing is that there are some things  that they're going to ask you in a baking test that I mean, you don't need for a baker.
  You don't necessarily need to know what temperature chicken needs to be  for chicken to be done.
  But if I was going to take the cooking test, that was something I needed to know.
  So so you might you may have had a lot more trouble with a cooking test,  and maybe that was not a job you wanted anyway.
  So luckily, I had just gotten out of culinary school.
  So I I had already taken all these crazy exams where they're asking you like symptoms  and they're like, what does this person have equalized salmonella?  And you just have to know.
 Yeah, it's crazy.
  Don't ask me now.
 It's been far too long.
  But yeah, you had to know based on somebody's symptoms,  what it could have been because you have to indicate  and be able to kind of figure out where the problems stem from.
  It's yeah.
  If it's just a brain freeze, that's not as big of a problem as a  an equalized seizure or whatever.
  Yeah, maybe not.
  Maybe it's very common to survive.
  Unless it's just a level 10 brain freeze.
  I kind of want to see if we can find this test and that we could take it.
  I would be interested if we could guess what what the problem is based on like  the food illness.
  You could probably do any serve safe certification type  exam, because a lot of the questions are the same.
 Yeah.
  It's crazy what you have to know to be able to or what you should know  to be able to work in a kitchen.
  We're looking for ways to kill time during quarantine.
  So maybe we should all take a baking test and see if.
  Go get served.
  They said that's our next Twitch stream is taking the serve safe  certification test.
  So, yeah, that's that's fun.
  So you did that for two years at Universal.
  Was there ever any consideration into anything else at Universal?  I mean, you are a performer as well.
  Were you ever thinking of being the New York Street  Miss Fear characters or anything?  Well, so this is I'm one of the people.
  Johnny and I are very different in this respect.
  Like he is such a like I would love to be in the center  of the world and everybody all eyes on me.
  And he's like such a performer, which is why he's so great at what he does.
  But I am like outside of wrestling.
  I'm kind of like, well, I'll just stay behind the scenes.
  And like, I love wrestling and I'm confident in wrestling.
  But if you ask me to go and perform something else  in front of a bunch of strangers, I'd be so insecure and like, oh, my gosh.
  Nobody looks at me.
 Shakespeare.
  I did.
 I loved acting when I was a kid.
  And I like performing in front of like friends and family.
  But I just oh, my gosh, I get so insecure about how ridiculous.
  Like, I just I'm so hard on myself that I'm going to just  automatically assume I'm the worst at acting.
  I should never do it again.
  So I'd rather just stick to my little comfort zone there with wrestling.
  Gotcha.
 So that will be my performance in front of people.
  That feels a little fitting in terms of like the baking job,  because like you would be going in, I'm assuming  bakers traditionally start very early.
  You would be going in while much of the world is still asleep.
  I'm assuming I.
  Yes, I used to wake up at 10 p.
m.
  so that I could get ready and drive from Riverside  to Universal and my shift started at one in the morning.
  And I'd work one in the morning until one p.
m.
  a lot of days.
 Yeah.
  And you were juggling an independent wrestling schedule, right? With that.
  Yes.
 So they I made it.
  I actually had put the wrestling thing on my resume because I was like,  this guy's not going to forget me.
  If nothing else, the chef who's interviewing me, he's not going to forget me.
  And he had a lot of questions about that, of course.
  But like he hired me on the spot.
  And so he knew that I was going to be doing this commute.
  And like the wrestling thing was made very clear to them from the beginning,  because like if you work at a theme park, you have to kind of accept  that a lot of weekends are gone.
 Yeah.
  Like, but most wrestling shows happen on weekends.
  So to find the balance, I used to wrestle a lot of California shows  and depending on where the show was, like, for instance, the one promotion,  PwG is based out of Rosita.
  So at the time, Rosita, I used to work my shift and I'd get off  a little bit early that day.
  And so I'd start at one a.
m.
  And then a lot of times I'd get off.
  I told them maybe 11 at the latest just because I had to go back home.
  I'd go all the way back to Riverside so that I could shower,  get ready, get my bag packed, and then I drive back out to Rosita,  which is again, another hour and a half.
  It's based it's closer to universal than Riverside.
  But I would wrestle  and the shows would get over so late, like the latest  they could possibly be over.
  I'd be getting home at like three, four in the morning, sleeping.
  And then I'd wake up and my they would work it to where  my next shift wouldn't start until two p.
m.
 the next day.
  So I get like a nice little bit of time in between.
  I didn't want to have to ask weekends off.
  You know, you never went from Rosita right into work.
  No, I did have a few times  where I'd wrestle in Northern California and I would go.
  My my tag partner and I, I'd drop my car off at his place  because he lived in in L.
A.
  So I dropped my car off at his.
  We'd go like six, eight hours to North Cal, depending on where the show was.
  We'd wrestle.
  Get in the car, drive back, and then I would get in my my truck  and I'd park it in the park in the Jurassic Parking Garage,  and I would just like nap in the back seat of my truck until my shift started.
  Hey, you got to do what you got to do.
 Yeah.
  Who among us has not had a little nappy in Jurassic Park?  Yeah, it was hard.
  Sometimes, though, T-Rex is everywhere.
  It is hard, though, because they do have security that'll go through.
  I had so many co-workers tell me that they would have security  knocking on their car windows to wake them up and ask them why they're sleeping there.
  And then I go, I my shift starts soon.
  I don't know.
 What do you want me to do?  But I luckily was my I had a truck at the time.
  So the back seat, I could hide back there and go undetected.
  You were smuggling yourself.
  It never raises.
  Yeah, it never raises red flags because so many people,  especially since a lot of times I would get there while people were still,  you know, if you're getting there at 1230 at night,  people were still at the nightclubs there.
  Oh, like how the moon and stuff.
  So there's still so many cars.
  Yeah, there's so many cars that are just like parked there at all hours.
  Your car.
 It was pretty surprising.
  You ever get barfed on?  No, I see some some blue cocktail land on your window at one in the morning.
  No.
  Well, thank goodness you got to like take your 15 minute break  and witnessed last call at Howl at the Moon.
  Like there was there was one time there was a concert going on.
  And oh, my gosh, what was the theater there called?  I can't remember right now.
  Yes, yes, yes.
  So when the Gibson was there,  they used to kind of walk you through this little area that was kind of backstage ish.
  And I think one time somebody got really, really, really drunk there  and managed to wander down the hill where the bakery was  and just came walking into the bakery at like one thirty two in the morning.
  Or like this must have been the most ridiculous because we're like.
  It was there were three of us in there, two girls and a guy.
  And this person just comes walking in.
  And we were like, this person came in so confidently, though.
  We're going, how did they did they have a map of this place?  But then they ended up walking into the very dark, super walk in  freezer that we have.
  And then that was the oh, they maybe don't know what the heck's going on.
  So that's like pre security.
  And so that's like pre crazy security, too.
 Right.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And now that it's not there anymore, I don't think anybody can even.
  I think it's just because, you know, like late nights when they have those concerts  and so many people being around.
  It's just easy for somebody to very confidently walk by.
  And I mean, there's so many of us that start work back there  that are just walking back there in general.
  If he just got to the right place at the right time,  then nobody would have ever questioned it.
  Is it possible that this drunkard is the one who started the late night fire  that burnt all of the music in the vault?  And King Kong, this guy, the conspiracy.
  He spilled a beer and then like a lighter fell out of his pocket and  more muddy waters music.
  It's all burned up on fire.
  So what so which years did you work at Universal?  Did you and did you overlap with Scott? That's my question.
  Oh, yes, I was a tour guide.
  So it's usually.
  I'm trying to I'm trying to remember the exact years like I'm  coming to find that as I get older, actual years really confused.
  I remember years better when I had less going on.
  It's easier to catalog  because anything that happened was doing anything at all.
  Wow.
 It must be 2006.
  There we go.
  2012 to 2014 were my two years there.
  OK, OK.
 A little bit later than.
  Yeah, I was out of there like 2008, I believe.
  And you're saying you said there's no more bakery.
  This is not there.
  No, there's no more.
  There's no more Gibson.
  The amphitheater is gone because they had to put Harry Potter.
  I was there while they were  in the transition of that and starting on the Harry Potter stuff.
  Gotcha.
 OK, OK.
  Well, thank God, because if there was no more bakery,  what a sad place they were.
  So would be they did.
  They did.
 After I left,  get a better.
  I it's not necessarily it's more I would call it a donut factory.
  They got a better donut factory for them  because it was a lot, a lot more complex  of a system when I was there than I what I think they have now.
  So were you hand like you were hand making more donuts?  Like now they have like some sort of a machine to make those donuts.
  They do have a machine.
  I think it's I think it's for smaller donuts  because I don't know that they make something the size.
  I don't know if they have a cutter now to cut out the Simpsons donut  because that is a whole thing.
  And like you have to weigh the Simpsons donuts, too, because they have to be.
  They all have to match in weight, not necessarily sized.
  So is this kind of the primary universal dessert at this point?  Or was it when you were there? Is that like the crown jewel?  When I was there, if it was an off season,  we would do anywhere from like 70 to 100 ish donuts.
  But then the most we would end up doing was during horror nights,  because basically during horror nights, the park is open 24 hours, essentially.
  And so we'd have to have like four or five hundred donuts.
  And like.
 And I feel like it was four or five hundred donuts  just for the normal park hours, plus a few more,  you know, a few hundred more for like the night.
 And.
  We were basically frying donuts all day.
  There was somebody in the bakery doing donuts, not one person, 24 hours at a time,  but there were different people going through, but donuts were being done 24  seven during horror nights.
 It's crazy how many people love these donuts.
  And I think now they even have different kinds of the big donuts.
  Yeah.
 The Simpsons.
  I was just going to say the Simpsons donut is is consists of what I have to admit.
  I've not had this donut.
 And what is the what is it?  Is it like a classic pink Homer donut?  Yeah.
 So I will say this, that when I first started working there  or before I started working there, I would just like go to the park as a guest.
  I would never get this donut because I thought, oh, this just  it's probably been here for days, like, who knows?  And it's probably not even that good.
  But then after being physically a part of the process of this donut,  like you realize that when you go there and you see the donuts that are there,  they made them that day.
  Like they made them that morning.
 You don't get an old donut.
  So the donuts at the end of the day, if they don't sell them,  they either send them home with the employees because there were a few times  where we'd make a few extra donuts just in case something happened.
  And I would end up taking it home to my nieces or something, you know, like.
  And I had no idea that I would love a Simpsons donut so much.
  Jason has cut out.
  He left to go get a job at Universal as soon as this is all over.
  It is a very good donut.
  It is.
 It is good.
  You know, you share it with somebody, cut it in pieces or rip off pieces.
  Like, it's great.
  I was going to ask like how long they sit there, but that's good to know.
  Anytime I've had it, I was like.
  Impressed that it was so fresh.
  Yeah, every day.
  And high standards here in early enough, high standards here in Southern California.
  There is a big donut shop culture.
  Oh, yeah, they have the Grinch donut now, which I think is probably the same model.
  It's just a different color food coloring, I assume, or different color frosting.
  Yeah.
 When I was there, we used to have to do  when I very first started, like if I started during the holidays  in 2012 and so they were doing all kinds of Grinch things  and we were making mini donuts that we put in these bags.
  But I think they decided because we were having at the time, we hand cut  all the donuts, even the little ones.
  And when you're spending all this time  hand cutting all these teeny tiny little donuts and then dipping them all in  red and green icing, it's it just is a lot of  wasted time, really.
  So now I'm glad they've moved on to like, hey, you know,  everybody just likes the big donuts anyway.
  Like, I mean, let's be honest, everybody just wants a big giant donut.
  If nothing else for the Instagram photos, so I don't want to bag a little donut.
  That's interesting.
 Were you did it?  Was there kind of like a rise of  could you feel the influence of Instagram while you were there?  Is that that became so much more of a theme park thing?  Like, it's got to be really showy donuts that'll play on social media.
  I don't know if it was such a big thing when I was there.
  I feel like people were more into Twitter at the time.
  And I don't I wish that the Instagram thing would have been.
  Like, I don't know, I wish more people would have been into the Instagram  type food when I was there, because we tried to get adventurous  with some things sometimes, and it would have looked great.
  And I think they would have just put it out into the parks  instead of just leaving it in our test kitchen,  because we did a lot of test kitchen stuff.
  And there were some things that were so pretty,  but I even still haven't seen it make its way into the park.
 So  anything, anything, anything that like didn't make it  didn't make it out in the world.
  OK, so, you know, like, there's a lot of moose type domes  that they've been doing at Disney a lot like.
  Like if you go into Pandora and you want the little  the the chocolatey like moose dome, I can't remember my  why can't I think it's like, it's like the turtle we got.
  I got for the electrical parade dinner we had, I think.
  Sure.
 That's like a moose dome, a moose dome,  which is really a term we need to use more on this show.
  Moose dome, moose dome.
  Jason, don't you agree?  We've never said moose dome before, so I think we've just got a new phrase we like.
  I agree 100 percent.
  And I'm hoping I feel like a lot of theme parks,  one of their go to desserts, especially at the cafeteria style restaurants.
  In the 90s, there was a big chocolate moose explosion,  probably because it's easy to make in bulk.
  Oh, yeah, definitely.
  And I want I want a return.
  I want a return.
 I want a new moose renaissance.
  And if it's got to look good for Instagram, so be it.
  But I'm just I'm always down for chocolate moose.
  Jason Sheridan under the moose dome.
  Yeah.
  The first I guess the right original film.
  I agree with that, though, because they're very easy to make.
  And you can just make a sheet cake and cut out a bunch of circles  and you have a little bit of cake in it, too.
  And like we we test we tested them a long time ago.
  But I just think that.
  They.
 I don't I don't know.
  Like we I think we did them for the VIP stuff every so often,  but I don't think that they were willing to put it into the parks just yet,  because I think it was still like too soon.
  I maybe scare people because they couldn't post this fancy picture of it.
  You know, was there frustration among all of you that like you had ideas  that were very good and people would like, but Universal would not allow  such a extravagant dessert at this point at that point?  Well, I just ended up because at one point, so  they I don't know if any of you have ever done one of the VIP  tours at Universal, but there's like lunch or breakfast  and there's a dessert that they have there and we cater that to.
  So every day there's somebody who's in charge of making the desserts for VIP.
  And it's like the job nobody wants.
  And I don't know why, but it is stressful because you're  you're basically catering for anywhere from, you know, 50 to 200 people.
  And they want at least six, seven different kinds of desserts.
  They want different shapes.
 They want different flavors.
  So you have to kind of do your own.
  Like you don't have anybody that comes in and preps for you.
  So you're doing your own prep and making all these desserts every day.
  It tends to be a little stressful.
  But and there's a deadline, which most of the other jobs, there's no deadline.
  They say, hey, we need more of this.
  So let's get it out, you know, by this amount of, you know,  like by the end of the day, have at least this or and people have already prepped.
  Like if you have to do muffins, somebody's already prepped the batter for you.
  So you just got to scoop them and bake them and let them cool and then send them off.
  But VIP, it's all on you.
  So I did a lot of the VIP stuff at the end of my time at Universal.
  I loved it because the days went by so fast because you're racing the clock.
  But I would anything that I kind of wanted to do or try.
  I would just do while I was doing my VIP stuff.
  OK, so because they know I was going to say like,  so you could experiment at those instances.
 I see.
  Yeah, like we did some things just to kind of  see what the chefs would like or they'd say, hey, we need a new this,  we need to do that.
  And then we would kind of try some different stuff and then they decide what they like.
  And sometimes it was for a catered event where they said, well, we need we have this coming up.
  What can you guys do? Like the the minion.
  We had these minion cookies for a while and I don't know if they still have them,  but they're like a rolled type cookie dough.
  And we had three different colors.
  So we had to make the big amount of dough and then  divide it into the different colors.
  And then you have to roll the dough out a certain way so that it makes it look like the minion's eye.
  And I kind of they gave me the recipe for it and I kind of like did the test kitchen for it.
  But then, like when they end up liking something that you do,  then you have to continue to be the first to do it until somebody else can do it  just as fast and or the same as you, because they want all the obviously they want them all to look the same.
  You don't want you don't go to a theme park and get a churro.
  And then like the next time you get it, it's half the size it was last time and doesn't have enough cinnamon on it.
  You know, you don't want that.
  You want them all to be the same.
  The Mickey ice cream bar is like a third year once in a while.
  Yeah.
  Well, you're just getting extra ice cream.
  They are the people are going to start demanding the third year.
  Yeah.
  That's if Mickey's been involved in a lab test.
  Right.
  There's an experiment gone wrong.
  A lab tester, someone like popped him and he's got a shiner, you know.
  Yeah.
  Oh, it's a bruise.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  It's Mickey's been in a fight ice cream bar.
  The kids love it.
  Yeah.
  So OK, so I guess this is probably I guess goes without saying.
  But so when you start as a baker, they essentially like you can create things that you can do.
  Like you can create things.
  Do you sign a contract that basically says any of my creations are property of universal  forever?  I don't remember signing anything like that, but so maybe you could sue now.
  I mean, for like for ownership.
  No, I don't know.
  Maybe there's like an agreement that it's like a combined intellectual property or like  working together.
  I don't know.
  I didn't really read it like any of my agreement type stuff.
  It's mainly if you wanted to make it at home, they couldn't sue you.
  They couldn't come to your house and say, I probably couldn't sell it.
  But, you know, like a minion things like we did minion cookies and these mini minion  cupcakes that had like Twinkies sticking out of them.
  And like I'm sure if I was like, oh, I'm going to make these and sell these and they'd be  like, hey, man, what are you doing?  Sure.
  Candice's original minion cookies.
  Yeah.
  Micra.
  You have to call you can't call minions for copyright either.
  So it's like little pals.
  Yeah.
  Candice's yellow friends.
  Pretty good.
  Do you have do you remember was there ever like a did you ever attempt anything in the  desert field that was like a big disaster?  Oh, oh my gosh.
  So there I realized through this process working at Universal that I can't make like a normal  just like caramel in the pan because I and I think it's just I'm too, you know, baker's  supposed to be patient.
  I think maybe I'm too impatient.
  And every single time I went to make this caramel with it, it's just like sugar and  water.
 It shouldn't be hard.
  But if you do it just wrong or like one little speck of something that shouldn't be in there  gets in there.
  The whole thing's ruined.
  And I just couldn't feel it was so frustrating.
  There was a day where I tried three or four different ones because I was trying to make  an ice cream and like this was the beginning of this ice cream recipe and I just couldn't  do it.
  I can't.
  And I tried it home after I was like, I don't understand what I'm doing.
  So I do have a game plan to one day by a specific pot and teach myself how to do it because  I just for some reason can it's like my kryptonite.
  I can't do it.
  I don't understand that.
  Is that similar to making a roux like you really have to watch it and keep?  I don't have problems with rules.
  So I maybe I it's just you don't you actually don't want to touch it that much.
  Oh, OK.
 But but you don't want it to like I don't know.
  You have to babysit it, but you can't touch it.
  And then like I don't I don't want to touch it.
  I it looks like it's getting weird over here.
  So I have to touch it.
  But then it's ruined.
  So I don't know.
  Don't know what I'm doing wrong, but it hates me.
  And I can't do it.
  Jason, have you ever tried to make that?  I've never I've tried to make.
  Well, Mike, you've had I've made pecan pies before and you have to boil the maple syrup  and you can't boil it too long.
  But then you want it to cook for a little while before you put it in the pie crust.
  Right.
 But you you needed to cook a little.
  But then you also have to like let it cool a bit, but then get it out  because it will start to harden in the pot.
  Yeah.
 Right.
  That's where you're making these pecan pies.
  I've made them for like, you know, it's usually around Thanksgiving or like,  you know, parties.
  Jason, could you make one with a minion's eye in the middle?  How would I do that?  I guess, yeah, I can do it.
  I think, yeah, you can do it.
  You can do it.
  I believe in you.
  Hey, let's get let's let's start while we're in quarantine.
  Let's start a podcast to ride side business where Jason makes pies for listeners.
  Oh, oh, it's a it's a Patreon tier, maybe.
  I have one problem with the one you propose, though,  which is that I think if a minion's eye was on a pecan pie,  it would look like it would it would look like a minion was a burn victim or something.
  Oh, yeah, maybe you're right.
  That pattern is just bizarre, I think, for it to be the consistency of a minion's face.
  OK, well, we can go back to the drawing board on it.
  All right.
 A minion meringue is perhaps an easy one.
  That's nice and smooth.
  Yeah, but Jason can't make a meringue.
  I've never attempted a meringue.
  They're easy.
 You can do it.
  Thank you.
 Thank you for all your support.
  I believe in you.
 I appreciate a pecan pie is a little more the texture of like  a dinosaur's face, so maybe you like take a slice out of it  and then it's sort of like a T-Rex or a raptor.
  Yeah, that's yeah.
  Well, yeah, Jason.
 OK, well, we'll figure out what baked good Jason  will be sending to listeners soon, maybe off air.
  I love it.
  Is there cancer?  Is there do you have a specialty as a baker?  Like what? Like if you were to if you were like trying to impress a king of a country.
  Oh, my gosh.
  Like you're like this is what this is what I make the best or or enjoy even the best.
  It's so hard for me to like I try to tell people all the time.
  You're basically asking me to choose between my children.
  I see.
 And it's it's so difficult to do that.
  I I'm trying to think of things that.
  I like to do just to impress people.
  I will say one thing that I have brought into my real life.
  Got to do this to like look fancy, but not doing anything.
  That's hard is that I do still make the T-Rex cakes that they used to have.
  I don't know.
 I don't know if they still have them.
  I don't know.
 But they were these just like six layer chocolate cakes  with chocolate icing.
  And we put these mini chocolate chips all around the outside of the cake.
  And then there's like a chocolate ganache on top.
  And it looks so fancy and so pretty.
  But it's really like the easiest thing to do.
  It's so easy.
 I love doing that.
  And so you still will on on the regular make something like this.
  Yeah.
 If I like Johnny, when Johnny and I first started dating, I which I it's still  so tricky because I have to convince his family that I really like baking.
  So they'll have a party or something.
  We're like, oh, we'll bring something.
 They're like, no, don't worry about it.
  And like, look, if you tell me I can't bake something and bring it,  you're actually making me really sad.
  It's actually ruining my day.
  So for his dad's birthday, I made that T-Rex cake and it was just chocolate  on top of chocolate and it just looked so fancy.
  And they were so impressed.
  And like that, that's like 100 percent of the time people see that cake  and they're like, oh my God, it's so pretty.
  It's it's just I'm literally just mushing chocolate chips on the side of the cake.
  So there's nothing fancy about it.
  And it's I wonder what is it called again?  Just so I know I try to think of what the T-Rex cake.
  This was sold.
 Where was it sold in Universal?  Just anything near all the Jurassic Park stuff.
  Gotcha.
 Because I know I feel like there was a couple of places that we sent it.
  I just Googled T-Rex cake and there's about 100 results,  all different from different like child's birthday party cakes.
  So I don't know if I'm going to be able to find a picture of this very easily.
  I see.
 Well, that's the rest of my day coming through those results.
  Living vicariously.
  Living vicariously through these kids who will have super cool birthdays.
  You can actually go through your whole birthday history  because I see one that says fourth birthday, one that says sixth birthday.
  Wow.
 Wow.
  I could I could live a whole life, a whole other life.
  Yeah.
 Today, you'll be reliving your life via T-Rex cakes.
  I'll have to make it because I feel like this is this is going to be impossible,  but I'll have to make it sometime and then tag you guys.
  So that oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 The glory that is the T-Rex cake.
  That'd be great.
 Yes.
 Cliffhanger.
  Candice, talking about theme park cakes,  you and Johnny got married at the Grand Californian.
  How was that cake?  OK, so that was famously a cake based day.
  Yes, I that was the one because so we went in for a tasting.
  And when we did the tasting, we were kind of excited about the food.
  But then when it came to the cake and I'm not I'm not usually a big cake person.
  Like I like I said before, I'm a savory person.
  The irony of that is I get it.
  But like I I love.
  I love, I don't know, salty things that are fatty and just that's all me.
  But these cakes that they had were so good  and they have a Dole Whip cake.
  And that was all I wanted.
  And so I on our wedding day, I really didn't eat much,  but I did eat my Dole Whip wedding cake.
  It was so good.
  It was so good.
  They have churro now, too.
  And I think we're going to renew our vows somewhere just so that I can have this churro cake now.
  Oh, wow.
 So is it only for wedding havers?  Yeah, not available to the public.
  Otherwise, like this Dole Whip, I think that it was a mousse inside the cake, too.
  Like this cake was so good.
  And like, oh, I just I wish they did sell it in the park somewhere  because they were just, oh, they need that mousse dome.
  This Dole Whip cake right now.
  It's got to be a way.
  So are you you know, we are obviously like a lot read a lot of these blogs  and listen to these other podcasts.
  Are you in some sort of loop where you know, like what the newest Disney wedding cakes are?  I just saw something somewhere and I can't remember where it was, but it said  and I don't it might have been on there because the fairytale weddings  has an Instagram and I might have seen it on there.
  And I got really excited.
  Like Johnny and I have been talking for a while about renewing our vows in general.
  But then all these other things keep coming out.
  Like, I will tell you this, for anybody who is even thinking  about doing a Disney wedding, do the Disney wedding.
  It was the greatest thing I could have ever hoped for.
  Like the they took care of everything.
  They literally handled everything.
  And then any time I wanted something, they said, just ask us and we'll put a price to it.
  And then if you don't think it's worth that price, then it's fine.
  We'll take it off and we'll change it.
  Like we had because you you have your dinner and they have cake and then we're sorry.
  We had the cocktail hour that had appetizers.
  Then we had the dinner.
  Then we had our cake.
  And then after when people were leaving, because like we had a candy buffet  and then when they were leaving, there were Mickey pretzels.
  Like, well, yeah, we were all.
  Yeah, I was like, that's that's all.
  And I told Johnny at one point because I didn't think the Mickey  pretzel thing was going to happen.
  And I looked at him and I was like, I just really, really want Mickey  pretzels at our wedding.
  That's is that too much?  And he said, I just get the Mickey pretzel.
  So it was one of my proud.
  I ran out into the hallway to take a picture of them  being present at our wedding because I was so happy that they were there.
  Where is that ceremony?  Is it like in the there's kind of that like  atrium area in the middle of Grand Californian?  Yeah.
 OK.
 Yep.
  That's where we did it.
 And the monorail went over, I want to say, every  like five minutes during the ceremony, the monorail went over.
  And like I could see how some people might be like, well, that's getting to be  a bit repetitive.
 But I every time it did it, I got so happy.
  I kept looking at Johnny.
 I was like, oh, my gosh, there it is.
  I was right at your wedding.
  That's pretty cool.
  I was really, really, really happy about it.
  My family stayed at one of the rooms that overlook that little courtyard once.
  And it was cool to just go out on the balcony and see the monorail go by.
  But sure enough, I did go out once and look down and there was a wedding.
  Wow.
  What were their character like, were their costume characters at the wedding?  Like was Mickey at the wedding or is that we thought about it?  We thought about it, but it's so much extra that I was just kind of like.
  And at the time, like Johnny had Johnny had just signed with WWE full time.
  So finances were a bit different than than they are for us now.
  And like my dad insisted on paying for the wedding.
  I'm the only daughter in my family.
  I have two brothers and I have like an adopted brother and like I'm the only girl.
  So my dad was like, no, I'm paying for your wedding.
  So I didn't want to be too greedy either.
  I didn't want to be like, hey, dad, I want Mickey and Minnie at the way.
  I know you're dropping a lot of money for this Disney wedding, but hey,  let's get Mickey and Minnie to for Mickey to show up for 10 minutes.
  That's like what an entire other wedding would cost.
  Yeah, it's it was more than I was.
  Like, for instance, we wanted to because they have a cake  that they do like a projection onto.
  And we really wanted that cake.
  But it was I want to say at the time it was five thousand dollars.
  And I was going, I am not going to ask my dad to spend five thousand dollars  on this cake, like there's no way.
  And so we went with one that cost us five hundred dollars.
  That's much better.
 Yeah.
  Way better.
  Was there any sort of this probably this is probably not on a list,  but in my mind, there's a list of like characters and the more obscure,  the more money it is.
  Like if you want to have like  like if you want Darkwing Duck's daughter at the wedding,  it's way more money than having.
  Listen, if I could have gotten Darkwing Duck at our wedding,  my husband would have been the happiest human that has ever existed.
  Darkwing Duck performs the ceremony.
  Yeah.
 Oh, he has a whole.
  My husband has decided that  when we have our first child,  he's going to have like the entire family sitting in the waiting room  at the hospital because he thinks that that's it's what they do in movies.
  So certainly that's what will happen in real life.
  And then he wants to go into this waiting room and tell everybody  that things are really bad.
  And like, I'm probably not going to make it and just really get people down  as low as they could possibly be.
  Then he wants a song to begin playing.
  And he wants Rafiki to come out.
  And like originally, this was an actual baboon.
  And I told him I had to explain to him that the baboon was probably going to eat  the child.
 So that's a bad idea.
  And then he wants he wants him to come out and present the baby  to everybody in the waiting room.
  And I asked him, I said, well, how how are we even getting this thing  into the hospital? Like, this doesn't make any sense.
  And he decided that the baboon will walk in in a doctor's coat  and nobody will suspect a thing.
  So he's very theatrical.
  This husband of mine.
  Sure.
 I mean, yes.
  So he wants, yes, he wants Rafiki to hold up the child like Simba.
  Yes.
 Is there any sort of like,  has he even gone to the point where like maybe people should be waiting outside  and he can do it on top of the hospital?  So it's like, oh, don't say that to him.
  Please don't tell him that.
  Sorry.
 It's going to get out of control.
  I mean, this kid, this kid, like on our wedding,  when when I was trying to lay the ceremony out,  I asked him, is like, hey, do you want to walk your mom down the aisle?  And he was like, what does the groom usually do?  And I'm pretty sure that maybe he's never been to a wedding.
  And he's like, well, what is the groom?  Like, what do they usually do?  And I told him, I said, well, I mean, you can either walk your mom down the aisle  or you can just be there.
  He's like, you want me to just be there?  And I was like, well, I mean, I'm trying to find out what you want.
  And then I was telling him, you know, the order of everybody  and how things are going.
  And he's like, wait, you get your own entrance and I don't get my own entrance.
  And I was like, OK, I guess we'll work that into it.
  So he had his own entrance at our wedding and really threw a wrench into things  because he didn't he basically wanted to come out right before I did.
  And I had this long hallway that I had to run down  once he was clear of the door.
  It was crazy.
  Like, so he had his own entrance.
  And then he asked me why nobody applauded him during his entrance at a wedding.
  Yeah, that's a performer.
 All right.
  That's for.
 Yeah, I relate.
  I told them I told them when we renew our vows, we'll make sure to leave signs  in on like where people are going to be sitting, we'll leave signs  so that they can hold up signs for him and make sure that it is very clear  that they are to cheer for him when he comes out and makes his big entrance.
  Maybe he can go last this time.
 Who knows?  Yeah, I guess all bets are off when it's a renewal.
  So it's not there's not the formality.
 Yeah, it's not real.
  We're already married.
  Yeah, so it could be it could be full theatrics.
  Yeah, lighting.
  Yeah, work you can lay you can land from the sky.
  Pyro.
 Yeah, I mean, I row.
  It can actually be it can be mainly a wrestling match with just like,  you know, four percent that renewal.
  He's already like  what they laying it out as though it is going to be a wrestling show.
 So  before, you know, the vows are just renewed backstage.
  We even lost the reason to do it.
  And it's just all right.
  Like, now when you when you two met,  was there a shared connection immediately of that about this type of stuff?  About like  rank theme parks and stuff, I was like about how crazy he is.
  So Johnny had never been to a theme park until he met me.
  And how I took him to Disneyland first,  because to me, Disneyland is like everything.
  It's my home base, like even living out here.
  I'm like, but it's still not Disneyland.
  And when people ask me like, oh, which one?  I'm like, I'm so Disneyland.
  It's the original.
  Walt actually walked those streets like it's a pretty big deal.
  So I took him to Disneyland first,  and then I took him to Universal and then his entire life changed.
  So I did I did a good thing for his life.
  Right.
 So was he a Disney guy?  Were you did you at least have like a Disney connection or was  like, where did your nerd or your nerd interests meet?  Was he a Star Wars Marvel guy before?  He is Star Wars Marvel.
  So that was our part of our like, oh, we like all a lot of the same things.
  And like, I mean, we we have similar taste in like TV shows and  we're like we like playing video game.
  I mean, you can as you saw, we have just the most absurd amount of  toys and collectible type things.
  And like we I don't know that like he was so big into Disney.
  But once we kind of started dating and we started,  I think we found a lot more similarities in things like  I didn't know he was such a massive Darkwing Duck fan, for instance, until we like we  walk around the theme parks and he's going like, how come there's no Darkwing Duck here?  It's like, oh, didn't realize it was that important.
  Big Rafiki fan, apparently.
  Yeah, loves Rafiki.
  He just loves Rafiki.
  He added added the thing about like you dying a childbirth, though.
  That doesn't happen in the movie.
  No, no.
 Famously lives a long time.
  His theory is that they're at such a low at that point,  like they can they can only go up from there.
  Yeah, like you're at such a low.
  You can only go up.
  Wait, so yeah, Jason brings up also another good point is like,  does Rafiki also announce that you're alive in the.
  I don't know.
 I don't know.
  I don't know that he's thought about that yet.
  I believe she lives.
  I do.
 I never really thought about the fact that he does go out.
  Rafiki goes out there with the baby.
  Everybody's probably in fear for that baby's life.
  Also, they think I'm dead.
  Maybe they think Rafiki did this.
  You were killed by a baboon.
  I mean, yes, if they're that if they've been taken that low  and then you see a live animal walk out, you might assume the worst.
  You might not be full of joy when you see this animal.
  I would also like I think I would attack the animal to get the baby back  before the animal was able to present the baby.
  Johnny thinks as long as he's wearing a doctor's coat, it's fine.
  I mean, I can't I can't argue with that.
  I would be much, you know, I would I would respect a baboon  in a professional setting a lot more than a unclothed baboon.
  Just like a drunk guy walking into a bakery, you see me there for a reason.
  Yeah, he went in with a purpose.
  You went in with if you went in, he was vomiting everywhere.
  I might be like, OK, there's like a zombie running through here right now.
  Sure.
  But if the monkey arbitrarily checks a clipboard or something.
  Yeah, we've mentioned a little bit  on the Indies and the independent scene, there are a few things  that you would do to reference your love of theme parks.
  If my memory is correct, you would announce that you were from  Mr.
 Toad's Wild Ride.
 Yes.
  It broke my heart because when I came here,  when I was doing the first man classic, they put hometown  and I was kind of devastated because I was going,  I can't be from Mr.
 Toad's Wild Ride anymore.
  Like, what do I do?  And I did Anaheim, California.
  But then I was going, I think the reference is lost on people  that I am not from.
  I think people just are from there.
 True.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I think there was one PWG where you and your former tag team  partner, Joey Ryan, had R2D2 and C3PO.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
  We have this other idea that just never  we just never had time to do it, actually.
  But he we wanted to be Peter Pan and Tinkerbell.
  And Joey does not typically  go up top to jump off for anything or just be up there.
  Period.
 He's not.
  That's not his thing.
  And we wanted to do something where he climb up to the top.
  And I and he'd be scared, but I would give him pixie dust.
  And therefore he would now be able to fly.
  But it just never it never panned out for us.
  So I think that we also  we were we had Captain EO inspired gear as well.
  Oh, wow.
 I don't think I've ever seen that.
  Some people and a lot of people have actually seen it and don't realize.
  And I get really happy when people do realize what the reference is.
 But  we had a guerrilla warfare match.
  And I insisted that we were white.
  Oh, I've seen this match.
  I didn't even realize.
 Yeah.
  I will.
 I watch that match the other day.
  And I was like, it's the Captain EO color.
  Yeah.
 That also is.
  You were.
  Yeah.
 Wearing white and started bleeding profusely.
  Yeah.
 What a day to wear white.
  What a day.
 Yeah.
  You know, it's funny that I didn't put that together.
  I think the yeah, the match is so crazy.
  I think I didn't even notice that.
 Yeah, it's clearly the colors.
  Did you have any other references you've put into outfits or anything else?  I'm trying to think.
  Because a lot of times, if I try to do something, it's too obvious.
  And I don't want to be too horribly obvious.
  I did buy some fabric recently that is like the purple wall here here.
  But like, I haven't made it yet.
  And I don't know that I'm going to be able to wear it any longer.
  I don't think I think we've moved on from fun, flashy, bright colors.
  Candice Luray.
  I see.
 Oh, right, right, right.
  Yeah, I'm not I'm not going to wear black, though.
  That's my my intent is still to not wear black because I'm not your  I'm not the cliche.
  I'm up to no good now.
  I'm going to wear black.
 Right.
  I'm so mean.
  You're not going to have a hatbox ghost theme or I wish I wish.
  Yeah, although I will say  Johnny Johnny has been Johnny has been telling his gear guy  when he's like when we were looking at different color schemes for stuff  we liked, he said he liked Haunted Mansion Blue,  specifically Haunted Mansion.
  Sure.
 What Haunted Mansion Blue is.
  It's basically what any of the ghosts kind of look like.
  There's a weird like blueish glow to them  that Johnny really likes.
  So the actual like ghosts that are like dancing around in the  like the hitchhiking ghost.
  And yeah, I'm trying to think of it.
  There's like, yeah, that's what he likes.
  That's interesting.
  So you could there's probably like a Disney villain, a subtle Disney villain.
  When I when I go in for hair and when I go in for hair and makeup,  I have had numerous times where I don't really know how to explain what I want.
  But they do understand if I say I want to be like an evil Disney princess  and then I get my makeup exactly how I thought of it that day.
  But I do think is that like Maleficent or what?  Not a princess.
  She's not a princess.
  Don't be ridiculous.
  I will say, though, I did.
  I did find a lot of inspiration from Maleficent recently  because I've been known at NXT as like the pint  size pixie and everything is like about like the pixie thing, the fairies.
  And Maleficent is an evil fairy like she's she is a fairy.
  She just got all right.
  I've been subjected.
  So I've been using a lot of that for inspiration on things to come.
  Oh, that's cool.
  Yeah.
  Well, I know I've learned my lesson.
  Maleficent is not not an evil princess.
  She's an evil fairy.
  Yeah.
  Thank you.
  I'll never forget.
  Thank you, Scott.
  She just misunderstood, really.
  Do you have a top do you have a couple top Disney characters, Candice,  like that are your favorites?  I really love Alice in Wonderland.
  I love I'm going to love Dumbo.
  I thought the cutest like, I don't know.
  It's not even tough characters.
  It's like happy little Pinocchio.
  Even ironically, I'm afraid of marionettes in real life, but I love Pinocchio.
  I get that.
  He's kind of in between.
  He's not pure marionette.
  So that's true.
  It's true.
  I guess that they made like a live action, though.
  I'd have some serious issues.
  Yeah.
  Every live action Pinocchio is terrifying.
  Oh, yes.
  Yeah.
  It shouldn't.
  We should just not do that.
  We should just stop with that.
  There's multiple Pinocchio movies being made.
  I've heard that's so upsetting.
  My policy.
  No more Pinocchio's.
  No more pans.
  We're done with all these.
  This story does not need to be told again.
  Yeah.
  Scott is anti pan.
  I'm anti pan.
  Let me be very clear.
  I just kind of feel like after hook, like, do we really need any more?  Exactly.
  It's been a deconstructionist one.
  They blew it up.
  They changed our perception of what the pan story is.
  So why now are we just doing it, doing the regular one again?  Some creepy English kid.
  I agree with all of that.
  I agree with all that.
  But I do think that the email address I have, scottispan at gmail.
com is still open.
  If you want to draw a picture of Scott as Peter Pan, the photo will go right to my email.
  That email is real.
  I'd like to just advertise it again real briefly here.
  I hope that inbox is empty.
  It better be dry as a bone.
  Well, right now it's just filled with a lot of free trials for streaming services.
  So, OK, yeah.
  You two live in Orlando now.
  Yes.
  How is that as a theme park person?  Because like we always fantasize about Orlando.
  What is it actually like day to day living in Orlando?  I love it so much.
  And we get to do these things on occasion where we do either daycations or staycations.
  And we'll go and just like get a hotel for a night or a few nights.
  And we'll stay there.
  And it's usually, we do it around cheat day.
  But if it's not like an extreme cheat weekend or like a few days, then we'll make sure that we get a hotel with a gym.
  And then, I don't know, I just, it's really, even though we're right here and we could just drive there and do whatever we want to do and then come back home.
  It's just kind of nice to feel like there's an escape from the real world for a little bit.
  And we feel like we're on vacation even though we're like 30, 40 minutes away from home.
  And that's so great.
  And it makes our eating life better.
  Like if it's not a cheat weekend, then Johnny can take some meals.
  Like we could take some food with us so that we don't go over the top, like eat everything.
  So it's, I don't know.
  I love it.
  I just love it so much.
  Does Johnny want to move back to Cleveland eventually?  Yeah.
  Do I think he's crazy?  Maybe a little.
  Cleveland people love Cleveland so much.
  I can't even tell you.
  We've been thinking like maybe Orlando is the good life.
  So it's good to hear that it is indeed correct.
  We are right.
  Now that we're recording this podcast remotely, yeah, let's just, you know, now we don't have to be in the same place anymore.
  If you guys want to, and by you guys, I mean Mike and Jason moving in together in Orlando, if you want to fulfill your destiny, I say go for it.
  There's no, yeah.
  I mean, I was thinking right before we got quarantined, I was like asking Lindsay, should we just go to Japan maybe for five months?  For five months?  Well, I didn't know.
  We don't know how long this thing's lasting.
  Like get a job at that point.
  Well, the job is the podcast.
  I could get up in the middle of the night to do the podcast with remotely.
  I mean, you have to get a job in Japan to stay in Japan.
  Oh, maybe.
  Perhaps.
  I'd be willing to work.
  Maybe.
  What else?  For five months?  That's a lot of money you have to have saved up for five months living in Japan.
  There's a reason we didn't do it.
  Well, but either way, you don't get theme parks anywhere.
  Right.
  I know.
  I know.
  Yeah.
  That part of Japan is not happening.
  Yeah.
  Well, that's okay.
  So Orlando is still on the table then for us, maybe.
  We can at least drive there.
  When you're traveling, what I always think is interesting, especially being a touring performer essentially, is that you get to see a lot of different places.
  Did you try to cram in theme park visits on the road?  It's really hard since working with WWE because we're so.
.
.
  We have such a strict schedule, I guess.
  I don't even want to say strict because that sounds like they're like, you have to be.
.
.
  But it's like we're usually.
.
.
  Like on a road loop weekend, we fly in somewhere and you're in one town one day and you may stay there that night, but then the next morning you get up, you get on a bus and then go to the next place, wrestle that night.
  And sometimes after that, you get in the bus again, you go to the next place and then you get to the hotel.
  So it's so much like go, go, go that there's not always a lot of downtime.
  I will say that sometimes if I'm going to California and I'm going to see my family, I'll try to work things so that I can stay a little bit longer.
  And then, of course, I go to Disneyland when that happens.
  But it is kind of tricky.
  When I was on the Independence, I made it my goal if there was a way to go to a theme park we were going to go.
  And there was a time when Johnny and Joey and I were all in England to wrestle and we had shows the next weekend like Joey and I were going to Germany and then Johnny had another show in England.
  So we were going to have to stay for a week anyway.
  And I had talked to one of the promoters about like how difficult would it be to get over to Paris to go to Disneyland Paris?  And they were so great about it like they booked the entire trip for us to like go there, get to the like have the bus pick us up, take us to the hotel.
  And like they did all that and like deducted it from like our pay for the shows and it was like so convenient.
  And we so we did that.
  And then when I basically anytime I've gone to Japan with Joey to wrestle, we went to Tokyo Disney because how could you not?  I will say one of the days one of the days we took the the trains to get to Disney and it in Japan and it was the craziest experience of my life.
  Like I've never seen so many people crammed into like such a small space.
  It was a commuter style.
  Absolutely.
  Jippie Tokyo in full swing.
  That was like morning rush.
  It was I mean, yes, everybody was going to work and like school and just live their lives.
  And it was it was just it blew my mind because when we when we would go to Japan to wrestle out there, the promotion would put Joey up in one place and then they put me up in a place that was like right by the train station.
  So Joey would like walk over to where I was staying.
  He picked me up and then we'd take the train wherever we needed to go.
  And it usually wasn't too bad, but that's because, you know, we're jet lagged and we're just trying to figure out how to, you know, function in a different country.
  And so like the trains were never that bad.
  So then we went in the morning to get there right after opening.
  It was the most insane experience of my entire life.
  I was just gonna say, yeah, those parks like people line up so crazy early and it's like the fast passes are gone in like.
  We just wanted to be able to do journey into the center of the earth so badly that we are like we have to get there first thing in the morning or you don't get a fast pass for it and you don't go on it.
  Did you get it like a 200 minute? Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  And amazing.
 Definitely.
 You're fucking right.
 Oh, Lord.
  So much that in Sinbad were like my favorite thing.
  I've been going through Sinbad with Dr.
 It's now been a year since I was out there and I think around the anniversary, I listened to the song and it was almost too much to bear.
  It's too emotional.
  The Sinbad song.
 I love it so much.
 I don't know why I'm so emotional when I hear it.
 I really don't.
 It's great.
  But it's like weird.
 Like it's as if I heard it when I was five or like when I was in the nursery as a child.
  It touched your soul.
 It really did.
 It touched your soul.
  It's bizarre how it did that.
 There's very few like newer songs that like do that to me.
 It's wild.
  Joey and I were like just mind blown that we didn't know the words to this song, but it was stuck in our heads.
  Yes.
 And like we'll just randomly send it to each other once in a while or like pictures from the ride.
  Like he sent me one the other day and he said, we know who the real who the true Tiger King was.
  And then he sent me a picture Sinbad and I'm like, oh my god.
  Hell yeah.
 Sean Dew.
  I have one on my bed in like our guest room.
 I just loved it.
 I just loved everything about that ride.
  I didn't know it was possible to be so in love with the ride.
  I know.
 You didn't really know what was going on, but you knew what was going on.
  Real magical.
 There's a guy he's like caught in the talons of a bird, a bad guy.
  Yeah.
 It's a bunch of drumming monkeys.
 That part's less moving.
  I don't get like I don't like tear up when I think about all the drumming monkeys, but it's cool anyway.
  Yeah.
 Yes, I will agree.
 I don't tear up thinking about the drumming monkeys.
  But the banana smell is great.
 Yes.
 Wait, is there a smell in there?  Yes.
 Oh my god.
 We just did the fake smell final four and I forgot.
  We didn't even address that.
 It smells like bananas in the banana room.
  We screwed up.
 I forgot.
 I missed it.
  Candice, how how are the treats in Japan?  I was just about to say, which popcorn line did you guys wait the longest for?  We had the chocolate popcorn.
  Did you get the honey one by Winnie the Pooh?  Yeah, that was great.
 Now I'm forgetting what I liked the most.
  I liked curry a lot.
 I don't remember why.
  I waited the longest probably for curry and I think that that was over kind of near the Sinbad stuff.
  Like their little adventure land type.
 You got to look it up.
  You have to know in advance.
 Oh yeah.
 You have to.
  But each cart smells exactly like what it is.
 Oh my god.
  The one I was most surprised with was there was like a fresh cracked pepper.
  And I loved that one.
 So simple.
 It sounds like nothing.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But I think we might add that too.
  Even if you even if you get to the end of the line, get the popcorn and go like, it's all right.
  Still, it's very it's a very good base popcorn and it smells so nice around.
  There that you'll forgive it being just.
 Oh yeah.
  I also got and I'm thinking about this and I think maybe we haven't even brought it up on the show, which is strange.
  I also got ice cream that was in the shape of Donald Duck's butt.
  His seat, Donald's seat.
  And he had little like his little feet sticking out of it.
  And the ice cream was like behind, which was very good.
  I'm trying to think.
 Yeah.
 What other treats do you remember any other treats you had there?  I will.
 I will say I would like for us to be able to be out here in America to be able to turn our churros into Mickey shaped churros as well, because they're churros.
  If you like hold it a certain way, you look at it, it's shaped like a Mickey and I don't know why you can't figure that out.
  Like if you're looking down like I.
  Yes, yes, I took a picture of it because I was so excited about it.
  Like it it's just such a cute little detail that I was like, why why aren't ours like this?  Well, why? That's the thing you ask yourself with a lot of things at Tokyo Disney.
  You go, why aren't ours like this?  It's true.
 Why isn't our Indiana Jones track so smooth?  Why aren't more people here?  Not with any other any human friends, but instead just with a Duffy who they're sitting down and having every meal with.
  Yes, I will learn that out here.
  Candice, can we talk Duffy real quick?  Oh, no.
  OK, I suppose.
  Just a little.
 I don't look.
  If this is too controversial, I can cut it right out of the.
  What's this? Wait, what do you mean? What's this?  Yeah, you go ahead.
  My my cousin and I believe that Duffy is ridiculous and we've hated Duffy since the first time that we saw Duffy.
  And I just felt like it was a money making ploy and I just wasn't about that.
  And so I didn't want to support Duffy and what Duffy is about.
  And I just felt like it was a money making ploy and I just wasn't about that.
  And I mean, to the point where when I was at Tokyo Disney and we're walking around and you just like go through that Duffy area, I was so confused.
  I was like, how is this even a thing?  And like to realize that Duffy is more famous out there than Mickey Mouse is just like so upsetting to me.
  And I was just appalled.
  But Johnny and I, when we first stayed at a Disney resort and they have their channel and there's like a Duffy bear bedtime story thing.
  And Johnny asked me about Duffy Bear and discovered how much I just despise Duffy Bear.
  But he he made sure to let me know every time Duffy Bear was on that we can watch the Duffy Bear storytime.
  And I thought I was being really like funny this year or this past Christmas.
  And my friend had taken when I was in Disneyland, my friend had taken me with her to company D and I saw this like Duffy Bear and he was like, I don't know, five bucks or something like that.
  And I was like, I'm going to buy this for Johnny for Christmas as a gag gift because I can't tell you.
  I mean, as you saw with the turtle calm in the box, Christmases and his birthday are very stressful because I have to find all these things that don't exist in these boxes.
  It's ridiculous.
 So I was like, I'm going to make him think he got the sweet gift and it's going to be a stupid dumb Duffy Bear.
  And he just had no reaction to Duffy.
 And so it wasn't even worth it.
  And I have so much regret spending any money on Duffy Bear.
  Do you know this exactly happened with Mike and his girlfriend, Lindsay, this Duffy gift exchange that didn't really go over?  Yeah, I just don't.
 I thought I thought Johnny would at least like pretend to care about Duffy.
  I mean, oh, yeah, but well, I got Lindsay, my girlfriend Duffy kind of as a gag, because we'd always make jokes about Duffy.
  And I got it for her for her birthday.
 And she was kind of upset.
  I wish he would have at least been upset.
 He was just nothing like like it did nothing to him.
  He had no emotional feeling towards this Duffy.
  And I was like, oh, my God, I just spent money on this for nothing now.
  I became more upset than he did.
  I think maybe you need to get the rest of Duffy's friends for a reaction.
  Oh, God.
  Oh, God.
  Jelatoni, Shelly May.
  I think that then maybe there would be some sort of reaction.
  I think you need to get the whole family of characters.
  I just.
  Wow.
  I feel like with Candace Candace despises Duffy, maybe we have a more controversial opinion than Scott doesn't like living with the land.
  Maybe.
 Yeah.
  Am I am I off the hook now? No, never.
  I'll always be chastised for this.
  Yeah, let's go.
  Johnny, I can't get Johnny on living with the land either.
  He's he's anything.
 Yes.
  Anything educational, anything educational, I cannot get Johnny to do.
  And it's devastating for me because like I took him to do Carousel Progress once and like I'm pumped about it because I'm like, we don't have this at Disneyland.
  It's a classic and it's so great.
 And I'm pumped and I'm happily watching this thing.
  We get out.
 He was like, that was the worst thing.
  No, he hates it so much.
  And then I took him to see Hall of Presidents and he hated it.
  And so I can't even get him to go see American Adventure now because I've discovered that if it's educational, he refuses to do it.
  I can't imagine with that pattern that he will like American Adventure.
  No, I think he's wrong on Carousel Progress, though.
  He's got to embrace the fans and the old machines and the grandma of doing VR in 94.
  It's there's a lot of wonder there.
  But yeah, keep keep at him.
  He'll come.
 Try as I might.
  But so will you go on living with the land alone now?  Um, I haven't been on it.
  And so I thought I thought that one of the last times that we went, we were with Tomaso and his wife and their baby.
  And I was like, oh, this is something the baby can go on.
  And Tomaso and his wife, Jesse, were asking about it.
  And I was hyping it up.
 And as I'm trying to hype it up, Johnny was just like, it's the worst ride.
  It is so stupid.
 You just see a bunch of plants and food.
  It's educational, man.
  I have a kindred spirit.
 I'm so happy.
  This is I want to say like that's the biggest heel move Scott has ever made on the show is trashing living with the land.
  He's turned most of the audience against them just by saying, just by declaring the ride boring.
  What an insane statement that it is boring.
  They never ever uttered by any guest in history statement.
  I don't even know that that's one that you can.
  I don't even know that living with the lands when we keep it, but it's air conditioned.
 It's great.
  Yeah, that's a big draw.
  I don't know.
  Some some parts are, but some parts are very hard.
 Maybe.
  Yeah, it is a green ass.
  I have I have gone and watched American Adventure by myself.
  And then I have also done great moments with Mr.
  Lincoln by myself at Disneyland.
  Sure.
  But that's, you know, I feel like those are just classic things that you just should be doing.
  And I'm a nerd and I'm I like history and stuff.
  And so like I just can only do those things anymore when he's not with me.
  Let it wash over you without the pressure of needing the person you're with to be entertained.
  You can just envelop yourself in it.
  Yeah.
  Can you go on Tiki Room together? Can you watch Tiki Room?  That's a whole other thing, too.
  I don't want to bring up pants.
  Love.
 I love the Tiki Room and I love like Trader Sam's and he is not as big on those things.
  I true.
  So he'll go see it, but he's never going to be one to sing with the birds and he's never going to be one to clap along.
  And it's I mean, and that's fine.
  But to also not be having, you know, we make compromises.
  We love that's what relationship.
  It's so true.
  That's true love.
  You know, that's true.
  Look, it's terrible flaws.
  Yes.
  Animatronic Lincoln and animatronic birds are no goes.
  I think I think, you know, I think change can happen.
  I think I think one day could maybe if I like pick him up like Dole with the pineapple upside down cake and I'm like, oh, follow me.
  We're to a nice cool air conditioned place with entertainment where you can eat this.
  It'll be great.
  So essentially, if you construct a Wiley Coyote, ask trap.
  Yes.
  So let's let's bring it right.
  Let's bring her on to treats before we wrap up.
  Do we have like I think we should all go around and like on the topic, like what are what's our Mount Rushmore of treats like like if we build it together?  I mean, Jason, I think you probably as soon as I said that you could list off your your favorites.
  We've we've did a little of it already, but I was going to say like, wait, don't I do this every episode?  It's a good point.
 So can it can amount rushmore is amount rushmore allowed to have 15 presidents?  All right.
 This about OK.
 Our Mount Rushmore of treats can have up to 15, but doesn't have to have 15 up to 15 just in that ballpark, you know, on Cliff Wall.
  There's plenty of room.
 I think it'll be more fun if we build our Mount Rushmore together, actually, instead of having.
  Yeah, that's probably because I feel I'm having like so much anxiety right now trying to choose.
  Sure.
 I will.
 I'll start.
 I'll start.
 I put a double scoop ice cream sprinkle waffle cone, the specifically the holiday sprinkles, the purple and orange sprinkles with a scoop of strawberry and a scoop of cookie dough in the cone.
  That is my first entry on to our Mount Rushmore.
  Holy cow.
 Jason.
 Yeah, I'm going to go very specific.
  Candice, I wanted to ask if you had ever had these.
 I'm going to go with zebra domes.
 Does everyone know what a zebra dome is?  Yes.
 I don't know that I do.
  Yeah.
 You can only find them at the Animal Kingdom Lodge at Boma, the buffet.
  Or I think they have them in a cooler at the gift shop, like a fridge at the gift shop.
  It is.
 Yep.
 It's white cake.
  There are these little domes, white cake with a coating of white chocolate ganache, a drizzle of dark chocolate ganache.
  And then in between the cake and the ganache is.
 Oh gosh, I don't know how to pronounce.
 Amarula, liqueur, mousse?  Yeah.
 Mousse domes.
  Mousse domes.
 Yeah, they're essentially mousse boats.
 They're boozy, boozy mousse domes.
 They're so good.
 They're really good.
  I don't think I have.
 I don't think I've had.
 I've had something maybe like that, but I certainly didn't have the one at Animal Kingdom.
  I mean, that sounds like a good.
 That's kind of honestly, that's kind of a fancier treat than I thought you'd go right off the bat.
  But I like the choice.
 Well, you know, part of the appeal is it's very specific and it's like exclusive.
  You know, it's got that theme park like exclusive to this, like two locations.
  Oh, Jason, you're sending a photo of it.
 Oh, OK.
 Yeah, yeah, I like that.
 Who wants to go next?  I could just sit it all out.
 I can't get nearly as specific as you can.
  These are the longest descriptors.
 I don't know.
 I get Mickey bars.
 I don't know.
 Mickey bar.
  All right.
 A Mickey bar from Scott.
 Don't you, Scott, don't you want to describe what it's like to eat it?  Describe eating a Mickey bar like Joe Rody describing the Las Vegas strip on Instagram.
  To pierce the shell, a hard outer shell that makes you wonder, could there be anything soft inside?  Or is it so brittle that once I make my way through, it will only be nails and shock?  But no, once you pierce the chocolate shell, what is inside but sweet, soft vanilla ice cream flavors that are opposites  and yet work in concert together.
 And it is harmony that the ice cream ingredients must have and harmony that we must have as beings on this earth.
  Wow.
 I feel like this was ready.
 Wow.
  I just went I went into a roadie trance.
 That was good.
 I won't make you do that.
 I won't make you do it.
  I can't talk that.
 Yeah.
 But you could just say, yeah, is there a what treat would you add to this this rock, this giant rock?  There is one.
 There is one that Johnny and I have many a times gone completely out of our way for because it's at the contemporary resort.
  And it is the peanut butter pie.
 Oh, interesting.
 I've not had this.
 Johnny.
  Johnny loves this pie so much.
 And we've literally gone completely out of our way to get to the contemporary to get him the pie.
  And I've even had times where like I went with my cousin one time to Magic Kingdom without Johnny and to bring him home a peace offering for leaving him home.
  I went after I walked from Magic Kingdom to the contemporary, got the peanut butter pie and then brought this like happiness home to him.
  And he like he couldn't even be mad.
 It's his favorite thing in the entire world.
 Oh, his favorite Disney dessert ever.
  Where do you find that the Contempo Cafe, the Wave? What are we talking?  Yes, it's at the Contempo Cafe.
 They have it in like the little case that they would have the cupcakes and all that good stuff.
 Sure.
 Yeah, he loves it.
  Have you ever I don't even know how to explain it.
 Like it's just it's so good.
 It is good.
 Have you ever tried to make it?  No, because I so there's been a few things that we've gotten in the parks that I've been like, I probably could figure out how to make this.
  But unless I had a recipe, it would be a little tricky to figure some of the bits out, if that makes sense.
  Like it wouldn't be exactly the same.
 And therefore, I don't know that he would like it as much.
  Right.
 You would want it to be perfect.
 And it's there's a couple of elements that would be a little off, probably.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, it sounds good.
 I mean, I next time I get there, I would like to do that.
 That sounds good.
  I need to try Jason's treat, too.
 So I guess that's we'll stick with four right now.
  So our Mount Rushmore of treats is double scoop, sprinkle, Halloween cone.
 Jason, what's the name of yours?  Zebra Dome, Zebra Dome, Contempo, peanut butter pie and Mickey Bar.
  I mean, that's a good mix, I think, because Mickey Bar is a classic.
  The ice cream is kind of a classic and those other two are fancy, delicious treats.
  And Teddy Roosevelt's still on there, too.
 He's not he's not a treat, but, you know, just to not have the original Mount Rushmore.
  Oh, wait, what if he's eyeing it? It's fogging up his glasses.
  He's so hungry and he's got a rock knife and fork with his hands and his tongue stick out.
  Tongue is sticking out.
 He's very excited.
  Ready to rip, ready to rip all these desserts.
  He's an animatronic, too.
 He's multiple times an animatronic in Hall of Presidents and American Adventure.
  Two attractions that Johnny won't go on.
  Hmm.
 Yeah.
 Should he?  There should be an animatronic of him with a knife and fork somewhere in the parks.
  Is there an animatronic with a knife and fork that we can think of real quick before we were done here?  Hmm.
 Yeah.
 Is anyone eating or about to eat dessert?  Oh, wait, wait, I think maybe Molly and Mr.
 Toad's Wild Bride.
  Oh, maybe.
 Yeah, maybe.
  Yeah, because he's got a spinning dinner, right?  I'm trying to look it up now.
  Jason's nightmare, a spinning dinner.
  I'm trying to look it up because I'm pretty sure you run him.
  He's sitting at a table.
 Oh, you know what? He may only have a food in his head.
  He is eating, but he does not have a fork and knife.
  It looks like a turkey leg, though, that he has.
  Yeah, I'm seeing a picture of mole with a turk, like maybe a drumstick in his hand.
  Yeah, maybe he just got a turkey leg in the park and he is like, I'll just get back to work now.
  And he looks like he's been caught.
  He looks like he's like not supposed to be eating that.
  Yeah, maybe, maybe not.
  Are there a lot of treats and rides?  I'm sure like Pleasure Island and Pinocchio's during Journey for sure.
  There's a lot of candy canes and cupcakes and stuff.
  Is that the treatiest ride potentially?  I mean, there's a lot of honey and Winnie the Pooh and that's a treat to him.
  There you go.
 Yes, that's probably the most food centric, at least that I can think of at the moment.
  Sushi on Monster's Inc.
  There's rum on Pirates, if that's a treat.
  I guess rum is a treat to some extent.
  Are there there's no I guess there's food.
  There's food in in the Haunted Mansion in the dining room.
  Yeah, they have a spread.
  There's that one scene in Rise of the Resistance where they all stop dead in their tracks and say,  Let's all have a big glass of blue milk, everyone.
  That's only that's only like one out of every eight rides you get that.
  Yeah, it's one of the paths not everybody knows about that one.
  I'm not sure everyone's gotten it, but yeah, it's really just to watch everybody like get along for a minute and then get back to the chase.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And it's the first it's the first milk drinking animatronic Kylo Ren animatronic.
  Yeah.
  Candice, thoughts on blue and green milk?  I love blue milk.
  Yeah, green milk is not my favorite.
  But but I have gotten out here.
  We have the adult versions of the beverages and they are both very nice as adult beverages.
  And I would go so far as to say that the green one is better as the adult version.
  That's the one I had.
  Yeah, I think the flavor on its own lends itself more to it, you know, a Jason's drink.
  And it's kind of weird on its own without alcohol.
  Yeah.
  How about butter beer?  Yes.
 No.
  Too sweet.
  Yes.
 But I this is another one Johnny and I agree on.
  So then when he orders their beer, it's a little sad for me, but I prefer it in its natural form.
  Johnny prefers the slushy version.
  I agree with you.
  I agree with you.
  The more soda one.
  I feel like you don't you don't get the full effect of the foam if you're drinking it through a straw.
  Agreed.
  And then what's the point?  What's the point?  The foam is fun.
  Is that there's hot too.
  Right.
  They have hot now.
  Yeah, I've not.
  I like hot.
  What's your ranking?  What's your ranking, Jason, of the types?  Cold, hot, frozen.
  Frozen last.
  Frozen last.
  And what about have you had butter beer fudge?  I can't remember if I've had butter beer fudge.
  I've had the butter beer pop to creme again.
  A mousse mousse kind of.
  That is very sweet.
  Interesting.
  I've had the butter beer fudge.
  It's good for like a bite, but it's so insanely sweet.
  Yeah.
  But I appreciate the effort.
  I appreciate what they were trying to do.
  I don't want to insult the bakers at Universal.
  Hey, Candice, these parks open back up.
  What's the first treat you're going for?  What's the thing you'll be the most dying to have  after a bunch of months off?  I feel like I want a churro really badly.
  I think that that's my ultimate safe bet.
  No matter how I'm feeling, no matter what is going on in my life,  what I should and shouldn't be eating,  because I only like Disney parks churros.
  So it's like and I don't know why, but nobody else does it the way that they do.
  Not going to somewhere else that I've been like, no, not now.
  No, just not the same.
  Huh?  Very specific about Disneyland and Disney World.
  I won't even get the ones that at like Disney Springs or downtown Disney,  like there's different like churro stands that they'll have,  but I won't even get those.
  It's not the same.
  Interesting.
  Yeah.
  I always tell Johnny, I don't know what he's going to do when I'm pregnant  and we're in Cleveland and I'm like, oh, I want a churro or I want a Dole Whip.
  And then what's he going to do?  Have to import them from like, he'll have to have like somebody go to the park  and send them in the mail.
  Yeah.
  That'll be Mike's full time job when you move to Orlando.
  Yeah.
  Churro mailer.
  Yeah.
  Hey, if it's lucrative, I mean, it won't be, but if it is,  I guess I'm trying to think of any other Orlando hotspots.
  Do you have you?  Have you guys been to the Dr.
 Toothsome Chocolate Emporium at CityWalk?  Yes.
  Yes, we have.
  Any?  And yes, it's the food isn't like out of this world,  but the concept of it's cool and like, I don't know, we go there once in a while.
  Right.
  I had like a shake there.
  Yeah.
  And it was, it was good.
  You have to get it.
  You have to get one.
  But yeah, but see out at Johnny lost his mind when downtown Disney got a salt  and straw.
  Oh, right.
  Like we would rather go there and get ice cream there every single time we go  and stay in a hotel out there.
  He, we have to get salt and straw and he gets whatever the seasonal flavor is.
  Gotcha.
  So if you, if you tried like most of the flavors at salt and straw.
  Yeah, we've had some shipped to our house before too.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  He's very serious, especially about ice cream.
  Hey, Jason can appreciate that.
  Much respect.
  Ice cream and donuts.
  Then we have, we have like, he's very, very intense about those things.
  Very serious business when we're dealing with donuts and ice cream.
  Interesting.
  What, so what, do you, are you have flavors in your house at all times of ice  cream?  No, because so we won't have, there's some things we can't have in the house at  all times, which is why I can't bake all the time because if this stuff is just  sitting in the house, he's going to eat it.
  Right.
  And he's always like on the most strict diet ever.
  So we won't have full on ice cream.
  He will eat it.
  I mean, we've had it, we've had it where we've gotten like salt and straw and  we'll order it and we're like, okay, well, you know, cheat days in a week.
  So they'll just sit in the freezer for a little bit.
  And then halfway through the week, he's like, maybe we'll just share one.
  And then, or he's like, or maybe I'll just have a bite or two.
  I'm like, you're never, you are not going to just eat a bite of ice cream.
  Like that's not going to happen.
  That's not how it works.
  Impossible.
  Yeah.
  No, he's like my cats and food.
  If you just leave it out, they'll eat the entire bag.
  Yeah.
  And just choke on the ground.
  Do you guys, do you get to do one cheat day a week?  Is that how you do it?  It depends.
  Right now we are.
  And it's taken a while because like Johnny was like a little heavier when he was younger.
  And so like he's really come like he's lost a lot of weight and he's come a long way.
  And but he's still in his mind.
  Hasn't accepted that he has physically changed his metabolism.
  And like, like it's a concept he just, he will not accept.
  And so if we do have a cheat day, he thinks he just put on like 50 pounds.
  And I'm like, but you definitely didn't.
  You still have like 20 abs.
  Like you're good.
  And so right now, because we don't have like a takeover on the horizon or anything of that nature, he'll have like one meal or like a day a week, depending on how he feels.
  But I am more likely to have like one a week.
  But if we get really, if it's like a takeover is on the horizon, then we will kind of, I'm trying to be more aware of his needs.
  And I will try to not just eat whatever I want whenever I want, because he'll go like three, four weeks without any kind of cheat meal.
  And it's crazy.
  Yeah.
  Then he indulges after, which is when we usually do our like Disney trips or we almost always have a Disney trip planned right around takeover because he can just eat anything and everything he wants.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  And that's when he'll get like cartons of and cartons of ice cream shipped to the house or like brownies.
  And yeah, it gets crazy.
  Yeah.
  And then he gets sick and we're a little sad for a second.
  So you guys, what basically what you're saying is you get the hell beat out of you and then you reward yourselves for.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  We will, you know, I learned that when your body is healing, you need extra calories so that your body can heal.
  So we need the extra calories and that's fine.
  It's fine.
  Yeah.
  And for the listener, Takeover is like a big wrestling event where there's like big like kind of longer matches.
  I don't know how I would describe it.
  Bigger matches.
  Yeah, there's yeah, it's like our big like I just don't even it's our pay-per-view show and it's it's a kind of big deal for us because there's a little bit more there's more eyes on us.
  And usually, usually there's a lot more on the line at those.
  So it's kind of like a culmination, like having little story, mini Super Bowls, you know, like little mini Super Bowls along the way.
  And that's our takeovers.
  Right.
  Every single one of them feels like the biggest day ever.
  I don't know how Johnny has done so many of them and is not stressed out every single time.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
  I mean, from watching them is like it does feel like it would be the most draining in a good way.
  Like, I mean, I've been to one live and it's just it's exhausting.
  Like, you're like, whoa, I really like saw some crazy, crazy events because everyone is so excited and it's the culmination of so many storylines and stuff.
  So there's no better thing to do than just treat yourself a little laughter.
  Oh, yeah.
  I mean, everyone's earned it for for God's sake.
  So if only this Mount Rushmore that we invented was a real place and you could just go devour it.
  Jason, Jason thinks every podcast taping is like a takeover for him.
  Yeah, I leave it all on the floor.
  I leave it all up.
  He's in he's in bed for weeks.
  This is it.
  We started we started at 9 a.
m.
  California time and with the current situation and well, yeah, let's say with the current situation, this is the earliest I have been awake in a month.
  I thought I was I was wondering, yeah, what your average wake up time has been lately.
  I've been doing the the 2 a.
m.
 to 10 a.
m.
  Sleep shift or three to three to 11.
  So, you know, well, then you just have a couple of gallons of ice cream and then get to bed at noon.
  Yeah, that's not that far out.
  Well, do we have any anyone else have any thoughts on treats?  Any closing thoughts on treats?  Yeah, we love them.
  We love to say they're just they're just great.
  Treat yourself.
  Treat yourself.
  That's yes, everyone, especially now during this time.
  Treat yourself.
  Scott, what do you think?  You're the least treat centric of us.
  That's that's kind of true.
  But it's nice to talk about them, talk about things we can't have live vicariously through people in the past who could have treats.
  And Candice, thank you.
  Thank you for making trees.
  Thank you for providing them to hungry theme park goers for so many years.
  Thank you for your your service.
  And you survived podcast.
  The right.
  Thank you for being here.
  Let's exit through the gift shop.
  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  Well, I would feel silly if I did not add that you can catch NXT on USA 8 p.
m.
 Wednesday night.
  And I have no crazy, interesting name on Twitter or Instagram other than at Candice Loure.
  So creative.
  Yeah, that's OK.
  It doesn't have to be a showy name or anything.
  It's easier.
  The more you have weird little nicknames and stuff than nobody can remember it.
  So what you called yourself something else, though, like wait, there's something about something about Pixie or I'm sorry.
  I'm Pixie.
  I'm Pixie.
  OK, so you don't go by Pint size Pixie, but you will answer to Pint size Pixie.
  You know, as you do.
  Sure.
  So when we.
  Yeah.
 So you'll have to come back when we're all allowed to see human beings again in person.
  That'd be great.
  We who knows when that'll happen.
  But as soon as it does, we'll make that happen.
  Maybe maybe I'll convince Johnny to go on one of these attractions once everything is open again and tell him I've just missed it so much.
  And then we will report back to you guys with how he does.
  Yeah, I would.
  It would be very funny if like he got he went on all of those rides and then just gave a review.
  All of them.
  His review, his review would maybe be.
  Yeah.
  Anything Scott said would pale in comparison to the reviews of those rides by Johnny.
  Let's get this villain heat off of me a little bit.
  But yeah, hey, as for us, check us out on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.
  And there's three bonus episodes every month at Patreon.
com slash podcast.
  The ride.
 That's the second gate.
  Lots of fun over there.
  Anything else, fellas?  No, I'm good.
  I'm a little hungry for something sweet.
  I'll be honest.
  Time for something sweet.
  It's time for something sweet, as Winnie the Pooh would say.
  Jason, what are you going to eat for Jason?  What are you going to eat next?  Well, Michael, I am eyeing a Reese's little mini Easter bunny that is sitting on this table and it's got my name written all over it.
  A bunny.
  It's shaped like a bunny.
  Yeah, it's a little mini bunny.
  OK, so it's a smaller.
  It's not a full size.
  It's a small.
  Yeah, it's not a full size.
  I'm not going to eat a full size rabbit.
  No, don't be silly.
  I'm just going to eat some regular sized 11 a.
m.
 chocolate.
  OK, that's all right.
  All right.
  Well, I'm good.
  All right.
  OK.
  Later.
  Bye, everybody.
  Bye, everybody.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog Production, executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Bohm, Joe Sileo, and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook.
