 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Hello and a friendly wave of the foot to you.
  Welcome to this second gate episode of podcast, the ride.
  Hardly waving my foot is me, Scott Gardner,  and I'm sure also that's the case for Jason Sheridan.
  You know, if you got some hard wood floors, you know,  it's hard, it's real easy to get that dirty foot.
  So very relatable character today.
  I wonder if our feet, yeah, they're probably, they might be dirtier now,  because we're probably barefoot more often than this current stuck inside state.
  Mike Carlson, how's your, how are your feet?  How dirty are my feet?  Show, show feet, sweetie.
 Show feet.
  What? What is it?  I said show feet, sweetie.
  Please.
  Is that not a reference to anything? Is that just a weird thing you said?  Yeah, I was just saying that like people say that a lot, like weirdos say that online.
  Oh, oh, okay.
 I don't, I don't know that to be a thing people say online.
  So it just sounded like you're being weird.
  I mean, I definitely was doing that too.
  Anyway, go ahead.
  Yeah.
  I don't even remember.
 You threw me off so much.
 I don't remember what I was going to say.
  Yeah.
 Hey, we're, we're talking about the most famous foot in all of themed entertainment.
  The, that of the, the, well, we're dubbing the dirty footed pirate from Pirates of the Caribbean.
  And not only that, I mean, this is, I'm excited to talk about this for a full episode, but that means, this means that how many years in, well over two, this is the first attempt at a Pirates of the Caribbean related anything on this show.
  Yes.
 And we have to, you know, and I, I don't, I guess I mean to say this, we are dipping our toe in to the waters of Pirates of the Caribbean very gingerly here.
  Obviously such a mammoth topic.
  And I think if, if you did dip your bare foot into that water, you'd probably end up looking exactly like the dirty footed pirate.
  That's true.
 Possible.
 I mean, do you think the water is, I mean, it can't, can't be that dirty.
  No, I just think whatever like disease would form would just like maybe perm a dire foot.
  Oh, I see.
 Yeah, that's possible.
  I've never, have you ever put your hand, let me ask you this.
 Have you ever put your hand in the water at all on pirates?  No, not pirates.
  Jason?  I don't think, not purposely.
  Yeah.
 I don't think I have either.
 I don't want to break any rules.
  Yeah.
  But we've obviously gotten the water on us because there's a drop at least in the Disney, at the Disneyland one at least.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So we have touched the dirty pirate's water.
  Yeah, touch the dirty water.
 If you're like laughing on a drop and you're in the right seat, you could splash something in your mouth.
  That's never good.
 That's never.
  Well, you must on Splash Mountain, you must get the water in your mouth all the time.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
 It's a little, it's a relatively small amount, but still.
  Especially that one drop that's in the dark where they don't, they don't expect.
  I mean, I guess that comes more over the side of the log than a splash, but it's very easy to get.
  That one is crazy.
  It's very, so easy to get caught off guard and legitimately startled to get that wet in pitch black is a lot.
  I don't know.
 We're getting off on a little tangent here already, but I don't remember if we talked about on Splash Mountain.
  Do you think the amount of water that gets dumped into your log on Splash Mountain on that dark drop?  Do you think that's an accident? It feels like an accident to me that that happens.
  Like if they'd weighed it differently, that wouldn't be the case.
  Exactly.
 Like there might be like, cause they famously had problems with, you know, how fast the log should go down and how wet people were getting.
  So they had to adjust.
 I do wonder if the idea that all of a sudden, you know, you would just get like 10 gallons of water dumped on your lap.
  Like that's not the fun version of getting soaked.
 Right.
 I wonder.
 I'm not sure.
  That's well, that's what you gotta do.
 You gotta call that getting souped.
  You gotta tell you, gotta call it getting souped.
  That's why this came up before, I think.
  Well, that, get a soup.
 We famously, somebody, I don't remember which of us or Mary Holland, it was on the Grizzly River Rapids episode.
  Yes.
  You said getting soup, souping your pants.
  Yeah.
 And which is also when we determined Jason likes very wet socks and Mike likes to hide his socks.
  Everybody has a sock like when it comes to this ride.
  I'm a sock hider.
 Jason is a sock wetter.
  Well, is there a, can we say sock super sock wetter? I don't know.
  How about sock? Okay.
 How about a sock soaker?  Yeah.
  Jason Sheridan is a sock soaker.
  Jason Sheridan is a real damn sock soaker.
  That who socks soaker.
  You absolute sock soaker.
  I like that one.
  That does sound like something like Archie would call Jokehead if he was mad at him.
  Like in the comics, not in Riverdale.
 He just called him a shit headed Riverdale.
  Yeah.
 You've been watching a lot of Riverdale, I think, right?  I have.
 I finished the second season, which just gets insane.
  I mean, between the serial killer and the rival gangs and the mob and the incest and oh, it's just so much of everything.
  Oh my gosh.
 I got to catch up.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, back to, I don't know if the dirty foot pirate, I've seen them referred online as the dirty foot pirate as well.
  So I'll go back and forth between calling him dirty footed pirate, dirty foot pirate.
  I don't know.
 I assume he doesn't like to have wet socks because he doesn't wear socks because he has his bare feet.
  Right.
 Well, we were trying to figure out because he also noticeably has hairy legs.
  And we were trying to find a video, one of those vacation planning videos.
  My girlfriend swears there is a vacation planning video probably from the early 2000s where Disney, when they're doing the roundups, like the cheeky host is like, and watch out for the hairy leg.
  Like they are prioritizing the hairy leg over the dirty foot.
  But I remember.
  I today, almost every bit of literate, strangely, the first little stretch of research I did, things called the dirty foot pirate and almost everything I saw today called it the hairy leg pirate.
  These are two schools of thought.
 It's interesting.
  I mean, he is has noticeably hairy leg.
  But I mean, I think the biggest development not to get too ahead of ourselves is those feet aren't as dirty as they used to be.
  Right.
 Am I crazy? Well, so here's an interesting thing, because I think when we first I think I brought the dirty foot pirate up a long time ago on the show.
  I don't know that Scott, I think was Scott, you were saying you didn't have such a vivid memory sort of of the foot being dirty.
  It did not registered with me.
 No.
  And when we're talking, by the way, about a pirate that's dangling over a bridge kind of in the mid to end of Pirates of the Caribbean, I'd say it's like 60 to 70 percent into the ride.
  It's right before the prison where the guys are trying to get the dog to help.
  And then and then off to the side is the guy, you know, chilling out with the pigs.
  So that's the word is a bit is all about one animatronic in parts of the Caribbean.
  Yeah.
 And so he's present in Anaheim, Orlando, Paris and Tokyo.
  There are very little variations and stuff.
 Paris, especially you drop right after you see him.
  Yeah, it's a really that it really points to the massive restructuring of pirates that yes, he's now the prey.
  Instead of the the skull, instead of the talking skull, he's the precursor to doom.
  You see the foot and then you drop.
 Yeah, yeah.
  It it it distracts you or it's like, yeah, you're you're trying to dive away from the from a smell from an aroma or something.
  Right.
 So from what I can tell, the foot, at least when I was younger and in some of these pictures in Florida,  the leg and the foot were dirtier and possibly hairier in Florida like that.
  And in foot was black in some of those pictures like gangrene black.
  There's some.
 Yeah, I'm looking right now at a picture of the Florida dirty foot pirate.
  I don't know what year this is from, but it's covered in mud.
  Scott, have you found these pictures as well?  I've seen, you know, I don't know which one I'm looking at in any of them.
  I just know that it's a it's a big variety in every Google result.
  Right.
 I've sent a picture right now that I'm looking at it.
  It is caked in mud.
 So that is, I think, where this because obviously I went to, as we all know, I only went to Disney World as a child.
  So this is where this foot got burned into my brain.
  This is why it made such an impression is because I think I was seeing this mud caked foot and hairy, very hairy leg.
  And that's what made this impression that still lasts to this day on me.
  Yeah, this leg noticeably hairy.
 His pants also filthy, too.
  This guy's like a real messy boy.
 He's he's a messy boy.
  He's a pig pen type.
 Yeah.
  For sure.
 And I think that I don't know what it was.
  I don't know why it seems like he's been cleaned up over the years.
  I think it's possible.
 I think what you seem to be proposing is that it left less of an impression on me as being a big dirty foot,  because maybe it was never that dirty on the regular at Disneyland.
  Right.
 And now it's certainly right now because this pirate was just refurbed at Disneyland relatively short time ago.
  Yes.
 And there's we follow.
 I'm assuming seen this video from January 28th, 2020.
  Of course.
 Which which, of course, the 128 we all talked about it.
 Yes.
 Yeah, of course.
  This is the one twenty eight Disneyland News Today Twitter account says our favorite dirty foot pirate is back on Pirates of the Caribbean and all his grimy glory after being absent for a few weeks.
  Now, this video shows barely any dirt on the actual foot.
  And you can't see too much of his leg.
 And it doesn't appear to be very hairy.
 Right.
  So if this was what you were this is sort of what you were seeing, Scott, as a child, you're just going to say, oh, normal foot, not dirty at all.
  What am I what am I going to remember about this? What is so memorable about this foot? Yeah, I don't.
  Maybe I was it maybe it was never that dirty.
  This makes me want to hear maybe while we're talking, I'll try to find a Disneyland video from, you know, ninety four or something and see what the dirt level was then.
  Yeah, it's noticeable enough.
 I just sent you guys there is a vinyl nation of the dirty foot pirate with a very noticeably muddy foot.
  Yes, a dirty ass foot.
 Yes.
  And it's obviously like there's other people that seem to have like on message boards that I'm looking that seem to have this memory from childhood of like, oh, I always just remember that foot being so dirty.
  So it's obvious that it made an impression and it seems like the people at least I saw on the message boards were Disney World goers.
  I hear a quiet version somewhere.
 Sorry.
 Yeah, that was me.
 Jason.
 Yeah, I was trying to I was watching the Twitter clip.
  Yeah, I don't know.
 He's got all the versions I'm looking at are too low res to tell from the nineties.
  Now, and I'm sure we've talked about this a little bit before.
 I am not and I don't want to be too vulgar here.
 I'm not any sort of foot guy.
 I'm not a foot guy.
  I just want to put that out there.
 So if you're saying, well, it seems odd that he's talking so much about his foot.
 I don't think it has anything to do with any like sexual preoccupation.
  I don't think that is anything.
 I'm just saying you're saying it a lot.
 I can see the chorus of people accusing me of being a foot fetishist.
  And again, no shame if you are.
 I'm just trying to say that this is just purely based on a childhood memory of a dirty pirate foot.
  Didn't you all as a chorus just say he's a dirty boy? What did you what was the phrase?  Jason originated from Jason.
 So he'd have to remind me.
 What did you say? He was a dirt ice.
 I repeated with Jason.
  I think I think I say is dirty boy, a messy boy, messy, messy boy.
 If we're concerned about coming off like a fetishist or a pervert, that's the that's the grossest phrase I've heard in a long time.
  Well, now, wait a minute.
 I'm just making an observation.
 I mean, I'm not like Mike.
 Mike has an established record on this sort of thing.
 Everyone's talking about it.
  And we know you get to foot business and Splash Mountain.
 So you have even the mere notion that you wouldn't get to do your foot business on that ride was you shut down.
  And when we talked about it, I would say, though, that Jason might also be considered a messy boy.
  I pride myself on my cleanliness.
 I but it's not necessarily on a true like it's not it's more of a figurative messy boy.
  What is the what is the universal use of boy? Why is everyone agreed on boy? That's my problem.
 If you all said he's a messy man or Jason is a messy man, I'd be like, I don't see anything strange about it.
  But the repetition of boy makes me want to report you all to the authorities or just say to the people listening in on this zoom, if it is spyware, please go to Mike and Jason's places.
  OK, I just looked up messy boy on Google.
 And the first result is and again, don't this I'm just reading this.
 I'm reading this.
 I am not responsible for this.
  Messy boy is is an adult male dressing up as a little boy and eats messy to please rich old Japanese women.
  I don't know anything about that.
 Yes, it's a weird thing.
 It's a very weird.
  Is what I'm saying.
 Now, Jason, now Jason is for sure a messy boy.
  I don't know.
 Messy man.
 Something about the alliteration sounds a little deviant, Scott.
 I'm sorry.
  The idea, though, what are you talking about? The back to back.
 The double M.
 Yeah, messy man.
  No, no, no.
 Alliteration is a nerving.
 It's something about it.
  Hit in the ear a bad way.
 When you Google messy man, the first result is not some weird area like messy boy.
  It's.
 Hmm.
 It's messy to please.
  Did you hear Brad turned into a messy boy? That's the sample sentence on Urban Dictionary.
  Did you hear that Jason's been a messy boy for the last 10 years? That would be a way I would use it in a sentence.
  This is I don't know.
  This episode is banned.
 This is this is on only fans only PTR only fans upon the ahead of the PTR only fans.
  We're all.
 Hey, look, we're all camp boys now.
 We're all camp boys in quarantine.
  That's a good point.
 The whole world is camp boys.
 All the late night host.
  That's true.
 Anyway.
 OK, so back to this dirty, messy pirate.
  Messy boy pirate.
 Oh, this is the easiest episode for me to leave.
  I could just bail right now.
  Well, do whatever you need to do for your own mental health.
  Your mental health is most important.
 It's right to get out of here.
  And it's tough.
 So the more the more times a certain phrase is used.
  Well, let's get a little more into Scott's wheelhouse.
  Let's talk about the the pirate's big jug.
  You know, you've got a big jug of something.
  That's right.
 This might be one of the most like one of the heaviest drinkers in any attraction.
  Probably one of the drunkest characters.
  I mean, you know, a lot of the pirates are probably drunk to some regard.
  But yeah, that's a that's a huge jug he's got.
  It took me a second to think like, oh, that's probably rum, because I was I was looking up  what are big jugs of wine called?  And they're usually just like in America that it's just called jug wine.
  But giant bottles of wine is what it's called.
  Well, yeah.
 But you know, like magnums and stuff like the giant bottle bottles of wine.
  Did you know that when they start to get real big, they're named after biblical kings?  What's like super big bottles of wine that hold multiple bottles?  Like when you start to get to a certain size, they have names like Nebuchadnezzar, both Balthazar and Solomon.
  I don't know what I don't know what's going on here.
  What you'll have to say.
  Can you link me to something?  Yeah, yeah, there's articles.
  I see.
 Whoa, whoa.
  Yeah, you're right.
  It goes magnum double magnum, Jeroboam, Rehoboam, Imperial Salmanazar, Balthazar, Nebuchadnezzar and Solomon.
  Whoa.
 An 18 liter bottle of wine is a Solomon.
  I had no idea.
  Yeah, that's wild.
  Wow.
 I only found this out because I just like Googled the phrase like name for big jug of and whatever reason I can't remember.
  I only found this out because I just like Googled the phrase like name for big jug of and whatever reason I said I went to wine first instead of rum.
  And then I got all those articles about it.
  Wow.
 So Scott, so Scott, you'll tell Aaron you're going out to the store to get a double magnum of something of rosé or something.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I'm just going to go pick up a quick Balthazar.
  That's 12 liter bottle of wine is called the same thing as Nicolas Cage's famous character in The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
  Oh yeah.
 Balthazar.
  He probably knows the names.
  He might have suggested it.
  Yeah.
  I'd love to know who named these things.
  This is really, I've never heard this fact in my life.
 This is very strange.
  I don't know.
 Standard for me.
  Why, if I were to try to, you know, pour a massive bottle full of Nebuchadnezzar into a glass myself, I might end up being a real messy boy.
  Yeah, here we go.
  Now that brings me to my connection with the bottle.
  Do him go and go and nuts on that big jug.
  Do we think he's naturally messy?  Or do we think, I mean, they're all kind of a little gross, like you're on, you're at sea that long.
  But the addition of him consuming all of that jug rum, does that make him more of a messy boy?  I'm going to assume it makes him a little clumsy and maybe that's how he got messy in the first place.
  I don't know.
 I think he's almost, he's as messy as the others.
  I don't know that he's like, obviously there's a number one messy boy pirate.
  We know who that is.
  The pig one, right?  Yes, it's the pirate that's literally in the slop with the pig.
  And they're having a great time.
  I mean, both of them are having a great time, the pig and the pirate.
  Yes, but I think this one, I don't know, he obviously, depending on which version it is, has a dirty foot.
  But his clothes don't look any more dirty than the average dirty boy pirate.
  I was thinking about what is the precursor to him getting up there.
  Maybe he was hanging out with the pig pirate.
  Maybe the pig pirate called him over like, hey, check this out.
  Look, I'm hanging out with this bunch of pigs.
  And he was like, cool, but maybe I'll come down later.
  I got to go.
 I'm going to go clear this rum first.
  And he walked.
 He took a step through the mud.
  I guess.
 Do we think that that mud is from the pig area?  So you're saying does he have shit on his foot?  I know I didn't say shit.
  I said mud.
 You brought shit into it.
  There's no shit.
  Could also be slop.
  Let's not rule out slop.
  Do pigs go to the bathroom in the slop they roll in?  They probably do, but we don't know how long they've been there.
  We don't know if that's pig slop or if we don't know if that's like where the pigs live or the pigs taking a special trip to that side of the bridge.
  And was that just like natural mud?  Right.
 We don't know that.
  You're right.
 Do you think you pass by that part and go, that's just pure shit over there?  Well, I think that I think that, you know, there's got to be some fecal matter in there.
  I'd say some.
 I don't think it's primary, but no, you brought up shit for the first time.
  I wasn't thinking about shit at all.
  Again, since it's Mike, he's got a predisposition to this line of this kind of stuff.
  Everyone's talking about it.
  To shit talk?  To feet, to shit.
  I mean, there's no, no, don't try to draw a comparison between foot and fecal play or something bizarre thing.
  I'm just saying if, you know, if a guy in his bare foot stomped around some of the some of the shit, then he'd end up being a real messy boy.
  That's all I'm saying.
  People have been saying.
  I'm not a messy boy.
  I don't like foot stuff.
  I don't dislike foot stuff, but I don't like I'm not in the super enough.
  And I don't like any weird fecal stuff.
  I'm not into that either.
  You just love to remove your socks when you're in the log.
  That's just purely for comfort.
  That's purely for comfort after the ride.
  That's purely for comfort.
  I'm not getting any psycho sexual satisfaction from removing socks.
  I hope everyone's turned their levels down.
  It's a bit.
  We're all spiking.
  Hook me to a lie detector.
  I'll take a lie detector right now.
  Well, it's going to have to be an app because we're in different places.
  So, yeah, let's we can find one.
  But I just said the levels are spiking.
  I think that's a lie detector in and of itself.
  No, I'm not on trial here.
  It's nice.
  Someone is for someone else is for once.
  Finally, someone besides Jason is cornered.
  This rocks.
  This rocks.
  I see why you do this.
  Jason's favorite episode ever.
  A man with power now.
  The messy boy turns the tide.
  The messy boy, the messy king.
  Oh, Jesus.
  Sheridan is the messy king.
  Let me look up messy king and see if that's something.
  This all makes me wish we were doing the fucking seat final four.
  That'd be a less perverted episode.
  That would be more wholesome than this.
  This will have to.
 Yeah, this will be only will make this much like the Steven Spielberg Quibi show.
  This is only allowed.
  You're not allowed to listen to this after nine p.
m.
  Well, maybe much like the Steven Spielberg Quibi show, this shouldn't come out either.
  That's a good point.
  My theory is that there is no Spielberg Quibi show.
  But anyway, that's neither here nor there.
  I think every are we going to look back at a time there'll be this weird run of time where every single episode talked about the coronavirus and every single episode talked about Quibi.
  The two main things on everyone's mind.
  I think that's probably right.
  Five years from now, you're like, oh, yeah, remember that?  Wow.
  This is the most dated podcast I've ever heard.
  These will be unlistenable because of the references.
  To get back on track, I think I'll credit Aaron, my wife for this observation that he's drinking a big jug of rum and he has a lot of scarves.
  Everything's very loose and flowy that he's wearing and he's extremely near a bunch of fire.
  So this guy is one of the most flammable characters you can imagine.
  He's asking for trouble and especially the drunker he gets if he leans backwards and already there's like the wrong puddle of something that could, I don't know, where there's fire, there's gas.
  I think we're watching a character who is dead of self-immolation like 10 seconds later.
  Well, that's interesting you say that because do you think in the narrative of the ride, I mean, there's already a big fire going on, but like he does something that continues the fire on into the jail cell, which is what's happening.
  Like everything's on fire still in there when you're seeing the dog and the people in the prison because they want to get out.
  Do you think maybe in the narrative that's part of it that he like keeps the fire going that's already burning in the town?  Oh, like he makes it worse.
  He like stumbles around and spreads it.
  Right.
 That's what I'm saying.
  I think maybe.
 That's an interesting call.
  Yeah.
 So when you keep going through it and the fire gets worse, yeah, he might have caused it.
  Yeah, that's what I, yeah, maybe.
  I also here I will send this to you guys.
  I was happy to discover that this exists.
  I discovered the Mark Davis concept art for this character.
  And then this is great.
  Yeah, this exists for all of the characters and fairly, you know, a lot of the primary pirates.
  So that's cool to look at no matter what.
  But if you look at the concept art, which really has the full character and he and the leg is very hairy and the foot is a little dirty, but just, you know, it's like red a little.
  It definitely is not just soaked in mud or shit or whatever you want to call it.
  But, you know, the characters are very much there.
  But things that are not happening on the ride in this, his like big wine shop, you know, is a little bit of a mess.
  The big wine chalice and his jug are on fire.
  Right.
  I think maybe that was the idea for the gag here.
  But maybe that wasn't possible to have fire going all day that close to an animatronic.
  This raises more questions than it answers, I feel like, because he has one shoe on noticeably in this.
  Does the animatronic have one shoe on the other foot?  Might just be.
  I think it's just a sock.
  I believe it is just I think that's how the vinyl mation portrays him.
  Right.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yes.
  So this little freak has one one thing on and then one one foot off the concept art.
  Yeah, I would definitely refer to this more as a red foot than a dirty foot.
  Yeah.
 The foot is not.
  Yeah, it certainly is not soaked in mud the way that we have some versions of character are in the toy are.
  It's also a different sock pattern than he ended up with.
  Ultimately, it's a little more green.
  And what the what the pirate wears is kind of a it's kind of a bumblebee pattern.
  It's very yellow and black.
  The promo or the art, the Mark Davis art kind of looks like his foot is like the Wicked Witch of the East's foot.
  Oh, yes.
  Crushed by the house.
  I could see the Wizard of Oz.
  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  Interesting.
 Yeah.
  I mean, that's a good gag if if that's how played it.
  Also, we're noticing.
  Oh, wait.
 OK, so he does have like a chalice.
  It's this is way more of a wine glass.
  What he has here in the wine glass is on fire.
  Oh, no, I'm wrong.
 That is like that is a big mug.
  OK, so that's kind of.
 Yeah.
  So, yeah, I mean, that's a pretty fun gag.
  It makes me wonder if this was ever the case in the way it was this like a gag that got cut the way we talk about that thing in the Indiana Jones ride that there was they tried to simulate rock falling on you by releasing ice and then they couldn't keep that going for very long.
  What if that was the situation here in this pirate?  Was he ever on fire?  That's interesting.
 I've never heard.
  I mean, we've all watched a lot of this stuff.
  You would think we would have heard about that, but it's always possible because a lot of this stuff maybe wasn't so meticulously archived or documented.
  No, no, I wonder.
  I mean, perhaps it was just yeah, I wonder how far it even got if they even like if it was on ever on ride, I would probably not.
  But maybe they tried it out in, you know, imagineering.
  Yeah, maybe there could have been a test of it.
  I mean, it's a cool idea and that he's so drunk he doesn't notice that his own his possessions are on fire.
  That's pretty cool.
  It makes.
 Yeah, it makes it makes sense, too, because this section is when the town is at its most like on fireness like a town is fully ablaze.
  And it would make sense at this point to have something on fire with this like central character that you're seeing pass over.
  I mean, not the I guess the foot being on fire would be too gruesome.
  Yes, that's pretty good.
  The alcohol being on fire makes would make a lot of sense in the concept art.
  There's also a bird laughing.
  I can't tell if it's at him or with him because he's laughing, too.
  Also drunk, the bird probably drunk as well.
  Yeah, the bird's got a mug.
  The bird's got an equally big mug.
  Oh, that's right.
 You know what?  If you're that's how it is in the ride, too.
  I didn't realize till looking at a photo now that yeah, his parrot pal is perched on a mug.
  Right.
 So they're implicating the parrot in all of this pirate bad pirate behavior.
  The pirates are also corrupt.
  The parrots are corrupt.
 That's what I'm saying.
  No, I did.
 I say pirate or parrot.
 Yeah, yeah.
  You said I meant parrot.
  Parrot.
 OK.
 Is that why pirates and parrots are paired?  Because the word is similar.
  Parrot, pirate.
 Yeah, you're I mean, it's P and R.
  I'd be onto something.
  Apparently, I was trying to figure out if this guy talks or has dialogue beyond just singing the song.
  And I saw it said somewhere that if you listen close to the parrot sings a parrot's life for me.
  Oh, really?  Apparently, possibly.
 But the videos are hard.
  I don't think this guy really has specific dialogue.
  Do you do you have counter info to that?  I didn't see anything about that.
  And I've never heard anything.
 Yeah.
  But I mean, it makes sense because he's kind of far away from you, too.
  I mean, he's not that far, but like he's up and you can't really see his mouth very well.
  It's all about the foot.
 Yes.
  Because I don't even know that like before we started doing this very strange podcast that we do,  if I would have even like maybe casually registered that he was holding alcohol.
  Right.
 Like all I would have known is, oh, yeah, the foot.
  I mean, it's always all about the foot with you, Michael.
  So, you know, it's a litmus test how different we are.
  I'm drawn to the alcohol and you're drawn to the foot.
  Like three years ago, before we were doing the podcast, would you have identified what he was holding just casually?  I just hadn't thought about this specific guy that much until right now.
  Right.
 So you wouldn't have necessarily known what he was holding.
  If you're not if you're looking at it from a certain angle, it kind of looks like a barrel more than a jug.
  I mean, you don't see jugs of this size very often anymore.
  Right.
 No, it's a real balthazar.
  It's a balthazar.
 Yeah.
  What size it is, actually.
  I don't think it's because 16, that's pretty, that's pretty huge.
  16 liter bottle.
  If it's taking up like your torso, how big is that?  This is too hard.
  It's all I'll end up just looking at images of bottles for a long time and that'll be boring.
  I might as well as maybe I don't think it's any more than a Jeroboam.
  Yeah, we wouldn't we wouldn't want to bore the listeners on this podcast.
  Never.
  We wouldn't do that to everyone out there.
  We never have and we never will.
  Never.
  Mike, you say he's far away, but apparently they there have been problems before with his scarves and pants being drapey enough that people could,  you know, at least in the Disneyland one, reach up and try to pull his pants down.
  Wow.
 Really? I didn't see that.
  I think now they have to be more careful with not letting that scarf go.
  Interesting.
 I mean, I think I've said this a couple of times on the show before.
  The scariest version of that is I saw someone grab the rope on Indiana Jones at the end in the last, the boulder scene.
  Wow.
  And I was like, oh my God, that should not be happening.
  The whole animatronics going to come down.
  If you think about it, this is kind of a precursor to that.
  Like a character be confidently having an animatronic in a position besides, you know, a few feet away from you in a museum glass kind of way.
  I can't even.
 Well, I guess that, you know, the Tiki birds are all hung above you and they get pretty close.
  But yeah, it's a unique way to display an animatronic and being able to go right under that foot definitely is interesting.
  And it shows you like the, you know, the dimensionality and the realism of the ride.
  They're willing to let you get that close to a fake body part.
  I don't think even with Indiana Jones, I don't even think on the episode we did years ago at this point, we even like gave it as much credit because that is so crazy that it's just dangling.
  Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And this and this foot.
  Yeah, this foot, you said realism, which is what I was thinking.
  I was thinking like, why is this so memorable for people?  And I do think it's because it looks so real.
  I think there's something that like sticks out because it like, especially when you're a kid, the whole thing, you know, is fake.
  But when you're a child, you're a little bit more willing to like buy into the scariness and the reality of it.
  And I think the foot seems so real to you.
  It's this moment that like truly confuses your brain where you're like, I know that's a robot, but that foot looks very real.
  Well, I saw a lot of people, a few people saying like on message boards or whatever that they were always afraid the mud would drip on them.
  Yeah, sure.
 You don't want mud on your face.
  Yeah, especially foot mud.
  Foot mud? No, thank you.
  Well, most people would say no, thank you.
  I do not like foot mud being dripped on my face.
  That is not a thing I'm into.
  All right.
 I swear.
  Not your face.
 Got it.
  OK.
  Look me to a lie detector.
 I'll go through the whole body.
  I'll go through all the body parts that I don't like foot mud dripped on.
  Don't like it on my little butt.
  I do not like foot mud dripped on my little butt.
  You can you can print that on a t-shirt and attribute the quote to me, even though you came up with it.
  Because there's some auditory.
  Does anyone have a lie detector at home and they could just run this episode through it?  Yeah, that's how it works.
 I think that should work fine.
 Yeah.
  Well, to continue the whiplash of, you know,  very pervy talk over to real  imaginary info.
  I think maybe some of the reasons, the realism of the foot,  I think could be credited to a step of the imaginary process called figure finishing,  which is in the case of, you know, the tiki room.
  It's the application of the feathers with an animatronic that, you know, that doesn't have dirt or hair.
  It might just be the shading and, you know, making sure it's a consistent skin tone.
  And in this case, it is applying each and every piece of hair specifically.
  And I figured out who did it.
 I figured out who put all the hair on.
 Oh, oh, great.
  That is Harriet Burns, who is the first female imagineer, the first female hired by that department.
  Her name is hair.
 Her name is hair.
 Yes.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 I'd put that together.
 Very good.
  Harriet Burns was she worked on the tiki room.
  She worked on after that, the little singing birds in Mary Poppins.
  And then on this and the tennis, I think, you know, I think a lot of haunted mansion as well.
  And there's there's a couple of pieces of media that mentioned this pirate specifically  and that she had to apply each and every weight.
  I even found this might be terrible quality through the the Skype or whatever.
  But here's her talking about doing this.
  I had to put the hairs in one by one.
 We had everything we did.
 We did accurately and well.
  That's her.
 That's Harriet Burns.
  She's a little bit like the old specials that I was talking about a couple years ago talking about  in a special feature on the Pirates of the Caribbean DVD or something.
  She's such a if you look up, look her up, she's such a familiar face when you if you watched any of those old specials  where Walt was walking around like the Imagineering building, looking at like robots and stuff.
  And not only that, you bring that up.
  We we've probably all seen that special where Walt is taking a one of those tour guides around the writing crop kind of tour guides  and and showing her the model of pirates, which is a few years out from being built.
  Harriet Burns built that model.
 The entire thing was her.
  Wow, that's cool.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So a major figure in this ride.
  And the crazy piece of trivia, and this is vetted from Harriet Burns's granddaughter,  that this character, the dirty footed pirate, is based on Harriet Burns's milkman.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
 How about that?  There is a real world inspiration for this character.
  And it's a milkman.
 The milkman.
 Yeah.
  So the dirt.
 Yeah.
 The dirty messy boy is based on the milkman.
  You always think of a milkman being like in an immaculate like white outfits.
  Well, yeah.
 But if they got short sleeves on that shirt and they got hairy arms, you know.
  Well, do what a milkman wear short pants.
  I suppose in the summer, maybe it would probably depend on the company policies of the milk distribution company, I would guess.
  Right.
 But in a very hot climate, you think it would be like torture to not allow a milkman to not wear some short white pants.
  That's true.
 Yeah.
 Postal workers and like UPS delivery workers, they wear shorts in the hot days of summer.
  Well, I'm going to Google little tiny milkman shorts.
  And that's not because I'm into milkman and little tiny shorts.
 OK, I'm just doing it.
 It's just research for this episode.
  OK, all right.
 You know what? I believe you.
  I believe you, too, Scott.
 It's not like you're like have an appropriate name like Harriet Burns, the hair supplier or Michael the foot man Carlson.
  Thank you for releasing the foot man.
 Yeah, that's better.
  Although paired with foot foot man or foot boy and foot boys creepier foot boys.
  Yeah, it's foot boy is creepier.
  But I'm the foot man.
 Yes.
  Which is very normal.
 Yep.
  But you did just admit to being the foot man.
  You got him, Jason.
 I know.
  No, no, no.
 You did it.
 When you're caught, you're caught.
  I'm a big no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 I'm a big fan of the foot clan.
  The shredders gang of ninja and ninja robots from the Ninja Turtles.
  That's what I'm not.
  We use it, but independent, we can somebody can just pull that audio.
  You did say I am the foot man.
  All the audio all you want.
 Put it on a T-shirt for all I care.
  All right.
 Well, then let's set up the email.
 Mike is foot man at Gmail.
com.
  And now the shoe is off the other foot.
  We're going to get so many free weeks of quibby.
  The WWE now all these emails.
  Oh, that's right.
 You can sign up for everything.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Three trials.
  Well, so yeah, this lucky.
  Does that imply that it probably it's just a physical resemblance, this milkman thing.
  But I'd like to think that one day Harriet Burns opened her door and found her her milkman lying on her stoop.
  Well, missing missing one shoe and missing one shoe and sock and him just nursing a you know, a real balthazar of milk.
  He passed out on her front yard one day.
  With a parrot with a parrot like milk man, his milk parrot, his milk parrot.
  And she had to get him back somehow.
  And then maybe like maybe like she didn't report him to his boss, but then his boss went on the ride and went, wait a minute.
  That's Steve got off the ride, called him Steve.
 You're fired.
  Do you think that maybe after the milkman found out that he was the pirate, it was like a Kenny Kramer Seinfeld situation where famously Larry David lived next to a guy named Kenny Kramer and based Kramer from Seinfeld on him.
  And then after that happened, Kenny Kramer was trying to like do the Seinfeld New York tour and like trying to capitalize on the popularity of the show.
  So do you think like he was like, I'm the dirty pirate milkman.
  Yeah, and he yeah, he's you could like go get lectures from him.
  He'd tell you stories of being being a dirty milkman and he'd drink a whole jug in front of you.
  It was a real fun show.
  I mean, I would have paid.
 I would pay for that.
  I assume he's passed away at this point.
  That was a long time ago.
  It's likely also funny you bring up Kramer because Kramer is the ass man and крупhans  Yeah.
  Well, what else about this guy?  I mean, I was pretty it blew my mind to know that now to know who did that all play a role in the show.
  Well, what else about this guy?  I mean, I was pretty it blew my mind to know that now to know who did that all passed by that foot and not just, you know, admire the foot, not just see the level of dirt or mud versus not.
  But now I know who did it and who they based it on.
  We know so much now.
  Yeah, I mean, it really fleshes out the character of the dirty foot pirate.
  Yeah, I, he's not my favorite pirate.
  Don't get that.
  Maybe I said this already.
  I don't want we don't we'll get to it.
  We'll do an episode about each specific pirate at a certain point.
  Yeah.
  I mean, we now we have to figure out the battle plan.
  And it's good that we talked about this for so long as this takes it off the, you know, the big the massive content that we have to do about pirates because, you know, so this is a good one.
  You know, so this is like a good, you know, whatever 45 minutes we've taken care of already.
  So that only leaves, you know, like 23 and a half hours.
  Yeah, roughly.
  At least I've done like one Disneyland version.
  Oh, sure.
 Yes.
  Okay.
  Changes in clothing between the two coasts.
  Mm hmm.
  Yeah, the different speeds by which the boat goes and the different rides across like Tokio's goes faster than Disneyland's.
  The boat goes faster.
  Right.
  That's going to be a whole episode is boat.
  It's just going to be Pirates of the Caribbean slash boat speeds episode.
  We'll measure them.
  We'll take a speedometer on all of them.
  I mean, we added a chapter got added alone for that optical illusion added to Disneyland a few years ago where like the skeleton you float by the skeleton and it becomes a pirate when you hit a certain point.
  Oh my gosh, I could.
  Yeah, we do 45 on that easy.
  Yeah.
  We got a lot of work to do.
  I was thinking, you know how we we have been covering the Haunted Mansion every Halloween.
  Maybe the move is to start covering Pirates of the Caribbean every talk like a pirate day.
  Oh, yeah.
  Maybe.
  I mean, wouldn't that be a pretty epic sauce idea to do?  Wouldn't that be like awesome balls dipped in sauteed and epic sauce?  You said it perfectly.
  Yeah, I can't even prove upon that.
  That'd be like the bacon of podcast series.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  I think you're I think you're right.
  Yeah.
  Um, be pretty random.
  We totes rando and maybe that's that we got to start doing it.
  So, um, uh, yeah, there's there's a reason they call you Scott the wordsmith.
  I mean, I'll I'll take that one again.
  If your biggest problem is me being alliterative, then I think I escaped this episode.
  How about the how about Scott, that dirty word boy?  Oh, little dirty word boy.
  Yeah.
  Someone given the dirty little word boy a run for the run for their money with that  sort of, uh, it's a little dirty word boy.
  Oh, no.
  Run for their money with that sort of, uh, evocative that rose.
  Yeah.
  Print that on a T-shirt to boy.
  Dear God, you survived podcast.
  The right I'm getting out of here.
  We're pulling this.
  We're pulling this thing back up the waterfall ASAP.
  This is going to come out with a lot of edits.
  So on behalf of the dirty little word boy, the messy boy and the foot man, uh, it's been  another classic podcast.
  The ride, the second gate.
  I want to tell everybody that we just recorded for two and a half hours actually, but you're  going to see a 50 minute runtime.
  That's how much we cut out.
  You only you only heard you heard the stuff that was just kind of weird.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  Yikes.
  All right.
  Um, and, uh, and you know, actually we just went on another tangent that little, that  hiccup you just heard that was another hour and a half.
  So, uh, oh my God, you guys, we've been doing this all day.
  Let's get out of here.
  Uh, all right.
  Stopping recording now.
  Thanks for listening everybody.
