 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, The Second Gate.
  Now, if you've noticed the title of this episode,  we should note we have elected to hide  this episode's topic from the title  and any searchable metadata  so that anyone we discuss in this episode  does not find out about the episode and have us killed.
  So with that in mind,  I'm gonna put the option on the table.
  We can all say our names or not say our names  or use a pseudonym, whatever you wish.
  I'm gonna risk my life and mumble my name.
  I'm scaring, who else is here?  Oh, hi, I'm Jay Sheridan.
  Jay Sheridan, huh?  Okay.
  Jay Sheridan, yeah.
  Thanks for being here, Jay.
  Who else we got?  I am, I'm gonna go by the name Boom Boom  after Bobby Darin's longtime talent manager,  Steven Boom Boom Bloudner.
  Well, that's a pretty good clue that might lead us into,  but again, I think we're protected  by keeping the topic secret.
  And now I'll do the courtesy of asking our guest,  would you like to use a pseudonym  or are you comfortable saying your real name?  I'm Verbal Kent.
  Nice.
  All right, thank you, all right.
  Hello guys, it's me, Eva Anderson.
  Whoa, whoa, so brave.
  Oh, the bravery on display.
  Eva Anderson, our first quarantine guest  who purchased a microphone, seemingly mostly to do this,  what we're doing right now.
  Damn straight.
  Wow, that is commitment.
  It is much appreciated.
  It's so good to hear you and see you.
  We got video up and we have very special backgrounds  up as well, most of which including our guests,  or not our guests, our topic today.
  I guess are we comfortable, are we now deep enough into it  that we can disclose the topic?  And this is the long awaited episode about Kevin Spacey.
  Kevin Spacey novelties.
  Kevin Spacey, the true name, the real name.
  I think when this came up during the Downtown Disney ordeal,  I asked which feed is this going on?  I guess I should have been more specific and said,  which podcast is this going?  Which podcast is doing this?  The theme park podcast.
  The theme park podcast.
  Okay, yeah, okay.
  The theme park podcast is doing an episode  about all the weird things Kevin Spacey's done  over the years.
  Do we feel the need to justify this in any particular way?  I was trying to figure out what the angle is,  and I feel like maybe this is the first one  that we can't justify at all.
  Maybe we just say, you know what, no justification.
  You're along for the ride, just strap in.
  Yeah, I thought about like, oh, year three,  sort of like a little treat for ourselves.
  And then I think the real justification  is the world just got insane.
  So we're allowed to get a little crazy too.
  We're allowed to be a little like the clown prince of crime,  the devious joker.
  Well, that's my thinking is, I mean,  and what I thought when we first talked about it  was that we did an episode about the Green Goblin  coming into the David Letterman show.
  And I just think that Spacey is so Green Goblin-esque.
  I think he is our real life Green Goblin.
  He doesn't burst into studios in the same way,  but he bursts back into our world every Christmas Eve  and tells and alludes to his malicious plans.
  He's the closest thing we have.
  Yeah.
  To a real life supervillain?  A real life theme park stunt show supervillain.
  Unfortunately, he cannot be defeated by children yelling,  like behind you, look behind you.
  He can't be pushed into a pit and confetti comes out.
  It's not that easy.
  Unstoppable.
  He's unstoppable.
  I feel like he might hate music.
  That's a good point.
  Yeah, yeah, that could be his.
  Although as we're going to learn, Kevin loves music.
  He loves the most.
  He loves music.
  He loves impressions.
  I learned things about his music appreciation  that I didn't know.
  I'm so excited to reveal all of them.
  I think we all learned a lot of stuff.
  Some of the most fun research  I think we've all gotten to do.
  Including from Eva, who traditionally has been the guest  who does the most research.
  Oh yeah, I went hard.
  Well, thank you.
  And not only that, but you came in with a plan  that I think is a good plan,  just so that this doesn't get so unwieldy.
  But it was your proposal that we all,  within the school of spaceology,  that we all have a particular major,  that we all focus on an area of spacey culture.
  Yes.
  And then, but then we also said  there would be little minors as well  if you had a smaller section as well.
  So you can major in something  and minor in something as well.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, and we might have some shared minors.
  Yeah.
  The minors are like the quick bites of spacey.
  Yes.
  I inadvertently did a minor years ago  when I watched all five seasons of House of Cards  as they aired.
  Yeah, I watched it.
  I kind of liked House of Cards.
  Who was the biggest spacey fan here, do we think?  I was in high school.
  That was, I told you guys last time  that I went very obsessively through his entire filmography  after I saw him in the year.
  He did Seven Usual Suspects and Swimming with Sharks.
  I went back and I watched every movie he'd ever been in  and I had to find them because the internet  wasn't a thing yet.
  I had to like find hard copies of them.
  Wow.
  What was it about it?  What was so alluring about him at the time?  I think I was like a confused, obsessive teenager  who just wanted to focus on something.
  He was also a really good actor back then.
  And even in, I'll show something from my minor later,  from 2000, even though it's a bad movie,  I was like, oh man, he used to actually be very good  before he just checked out and stopped caring.
  Is it? Yeah, I don't know.
  Is it maybe, is this whole thing a study  in the poisonous nature of celebrity  and what it can do to the brain of an artist  when an artist crosses into being a celebrity,  how much stupider their body of work becomes?  Yeah, maybe.
  The confidence rises.
  Yeah, as people stop saying no to them.
  And I feel like we can see a trajectory  of when people stop saying no to Kevin Spacey  to ideas he had.
  Eva, I did much the same thing in college,  or in high school in college, like going back.
  Usual Suspects was one of those DVDs  that was everywhere and $10.
  So I feel like everyone who had an interest in movies  bought that, bought Seven.
  And then the American Beauty, like Oscar win,  kind of was huge.
  His political capital, he spent it all on  the stupidest possible thing,  and then laid low at the old Vic for 15 years or something.
  And I was excited when he kind of came back  to the fold with House of Cards,  the combination of him and David Fincher.
  Very quickly it became apparent  he was playing a cartoon character  and was being out acted by Robin Wright Penn  and the guy who plays Doug Stamper and-  Crystal.
  Yeah, Rachel Brosnahan plays a high end call girl in it,  right, and then would go on to Marvelous Miss Maisel.
  Oh, I didn't realize that was her.
  Oh, right, right.
  Yeah, and she's great.
  All of that later on, Campbell Scott joins the cast.
  Kate Mara is in it for one season and one episode  before she meets her sudden end.
  Yeah.
  Though the sudden end ended up being a lot less sudden  than the end of Kevin.
  It was the most sudden end of any character,  perhaps in television.
  But you never saw him die.
  Coincided with an end that just won't end.
  He refuses to stay canceled.
  That's true, and if we consider the yearly Christmas video,  I have to give Jason credit  for coining the term Christmas threats.
  Because when we were talking about what areas to cover  and we were saying, all right, well, what do you know  is like as a war shows an area,  as nine lives an area,  Christmas threats, is that an area?  That made me so happy.
  But the Christmas threats,  in addition to being just wonderfully entertaining  and I guess murder clues,  it is a way to keep Frank Underwood alive.
  We do get yearly check-ins from this character  who just dropped off the face of the earth.
  Unless that's not, the lines are so blurry.
  Where does Kevin end and Frank begin?  Yeah.
  I feel like he will produce content more and more  as the years go on.
  I feel like though he'll figure out a way  to finance full TV shows, I feel like it'll just happen.
  I don't know.
  He's gonna push it forward.
  I feel like he and a lot of guys like him  are gonna end up making movies in Bulgaria,  like, financed by the mob.
  And they just sort of will leak out slowly  and we'll just be like, who made this?  And it's like, oh, it's just a bunch of canceled people.
  They'll be on Russia Today, that RT channel  with like a talk show.
  The canceled equivalent of the underground comedy movie.
  Oh yeah, exactly.
  I was gonna say the best we can hope for  is written, directed and starring Kevin Spacey.
  That would be my,  that's the only like silver lining to that happening.
  Yeah.
  We can hope.
  Here's hoping.
  It would be nice.
  And there's all, it's nice that he's like,  he didn't write House of Cards,  but you watched the Christmas Threat videos  and presumably he's writing it.
  So it is nice to hear Frank Underwood  using Kevin Spacey's words.
  He's got the voice down.
  His voice, writer-wise and literal voice.
  You knew of it back.
  I would like to hear from, you know what?  I would like to hear on different holidays  from different characters of his.
  Let's not just do Frank, let's get, you know,  his LA confidential character.
  Let's hear from him on Easter.
  Like different updates for different holidays.
  Yeah, I don't have as many of the characters names  at the ready, but you know,  I'd love to hear from Nixon anytime.
  He of course was Nixon and Elvis and Nixon.
  Of course.
  So, you know, hearing a President's Day message  from, or, you know, get it off, you know, make it,  I don't know, like a Good Friday or a Passover.
  Lex Luthor.
  Yeah, what's K-Pax?  K-Pax, yeah, I was gonna say K-Pax too.
  Happy Martin Luther King Day from K-Pax.
  And they don't, yeah, some of them will be like nice.
  They don't have to be sinister  like the Frank Underwood one.
  Yeah.
  K-Pax is just signing to check in and be nice.
  Who's K-Pax?  K-Pax is nice.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I'd love to get a St.
 Patrick's Day message  from original billionaire boys club.
  No way, that's no, that's the movie that came out.
  That was the last, what movie?  What's the, the spaghetti movie?  Where you got replaced by Christopher Plummer?  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I can't think of the name of it.
  It's the Ridley Scott movie.
  Anyway, I'd love for Kevin's J-Paul Getty  to wish us a happy St.
 Patrick's Day.
  Right, full makeup.
  Which he has to do himself.
  He has to do his own prosthetics.
  He has to do it.
  That movie is called All the Money in the World.
  That's right.
  I got confused.
  Fourth of July from Baby Driver's Boss.
  Yeah.
  I forgot.
  Doc, you mean Doc.
  Of course, Doc.
  When I was rewatching the Christmas threats,  the next video that auto played  was a clip from the Joe Rogan experience.
  And they were, Joe Rogan says,  he was good at Baby Driver.
  I was like, oh my God, I forgot about Baby Driver.
  That was the last thing, right?  That was like the last thing we saw him at  by the skin of his teeth that came out.
  Yeah.
  Billionaire Boys Club was right at the end.
  I'm looking at his IMDB right now.
  And somebody took the time to add  Let Me Be Frank and KTWK,  AKA Kill Him With Kindness to IMDB.
  They're on.
  Oh my God.
  And he's listed as Frank Underwood uncredited.
  I wanna know more.
  Who filmed it?  Who did the music?  Yeah, that's the question.
  Somebody edited it, lit it, all of that.
  My favorite thing about those videos  is that they both have this sound cue at the end,  this suspense cue,  the bum, bum, bum,  which I recognize as being like a stock music cue  from Final Cut Pro.
  Like that's the thing that's been at every editor's  disposal since 2005.
  And they just see just dragged and dropped  this really default, put in something scary.
  And he's used it like, it's like,  I remember it from YouTube videos a decade and a half ago.
  And now he's using it in videos where he's alluding  to real murders he's going to commit.
  Yeah, that's all obviously very strange.
  I think that what I've really learned  from doing all this research is he thinks he's very good  at almost everything a human could do.
  So I could see him literally learning Final Cut  and finding that sting and going,  I've got the perfect sting for this.
  Like that seems very possible.
  I'm my own Hans Zimmer.
  Yeah.
  So, but he's still got a friend or two there to help him.
  It has to have, that has to be going on.
  Well, this camera moves.
  So somebody is helping.
  And this is before the quarantine.
  This is before all the talk show hosts wives  had to film the show for them.
  He was really ahead of it.
  It's a former personal assistant.
  I'm sure that he just gets a favor out of,  and it's like, Jerry, come on Jerry.
  Also just an hour.
  It's also possible he's in Europe.
  He's in Europe and like people don't,  Europe I feel like is a little more lax  with their cancel celebrities.
  Polanski is operating the camera.
  Yeah, that's what I'm getting at.
  Polanski won an award in Europe, right?  Didn't he win a movie award very recently?  He won the, he beat portrait of a lady on fire  for like the French Oscar.
  And yeah.
  She's, by the way, I can't,  I also just have to say that they,  I like that there's a really detailed full IMDB profile  for let me be frank that where they put in plot keywords,  like kitchen, kitchen sink, ring, talking to the camera,  Santa Claus.
  So if you went on IMDB to look for movies about Santa Claus,  you would find, you know, here we go.
  Madagascar, how the Grinch stole Christmas,  made in Manhattan and let me be frank.
  Let me be frank.
  All my favorite Santa movies.
  So strange.
  I'm so excited to talk about him for a while.
  I guess we should start getting into our majors.
  I think one question that we should ask at the beginning is,  and it depends on everybody's time,  but I just wanna throw it out there.
  Should we go for the record?  Should we go for longest podcast episode?  Because we know it's already gonna be in competition,  but do we just like make that decision?  And then even, I know you gotta go.
  You guys can keep talking after the three hour point  when I leave.
  Well, three hours would get us there.
  If you consider Dogpatch USA, our longest episode,  that was two hours and 40,  but I don't know if technically it's Wallinor  and failed parks,  because it was an accidental two.
  It's really, I'd be curious to see how people  wanna make that division,  but either way, we have a shot here.
  Yeah.
  I think there's a good shot, but I don't know.
  We shouldn't, I don't wanna call the shot  like the babe used to.
  I don't wanna shoot for a home run and then not get it.
  So I say, I think we're in contention.
  It's a shame Spacey didn't have a chance to play the babe  before he got canceled.
  I think there's a good chance that he will play the babe  in a self written and self directed film.
  In Romania.
  In Romania.
  Yes.
  He will win a Romanian Oscar for playing the babe.
  Romanian mafia money, Roman Polanski directed,  Kevin Spacey starring, perfect.
  No, Kevin has to direct.
  Oh, Kevin has to direct.
  Kevin has to direct.
  He's got experience.
  He's got experience.
  And you know, when babe points that bat,  it's gonna be pointing right down the barrel of the camera.
  He's gonna be looking right into the camera  because he loves it.
  He loves to do that.
  It's also a threat.
  You thought I couldn't hit it, didn't you?  Kevin should teach master classes as characters as well,  I think.
  Oh, that'd be good.
  Yeah.
  The babe, he should, Kevin Spacey as the babe  teaches you how to play baseball.
  Christopher Walken teaches you how to bake.
  Right.
  Which incidentally would be a great SNL audition.
  That's sitting there for anybody who wants that.
  Perfect.
  Yeah.
  Kevin Spacey as Christopher Walken teaches you how to bake.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, if you can pull off multiple impressions at once,  then yes.
  I'll say that.
  I think like Scott,  Scott was almost gleeful about the potential  for how long this episode could be.
  So now if I have something, and now I realize like,  okay, so if one of us is I in a really long subject matter,  the way to psych Scott up for it  is to include a mugging deep state sex freak.
  Like, well, there's a mugging,  there's a hammy deep state sex weirdo in this one,  and he does a one man show.
  Like that is the trick.
  You got it.
  You got, hey, you know, I got to stick with my people.
  Yeah, I know.
  I don't understand.
  I guess the chart is bizarre.
  Harbor hoedown, I could not want to do less.
  Spacey episode, I'll go till midnight.
  It's as long as anybody wants.
  Spacey and Rex, Spacey and Rex, you know.
  I had, who's the, who's Davy Crockett?  What's Davy Crockett's whiner?  What's Fest Parker?  Fest Parker.
  Fest Parker, whiner, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Do you guys have an idea of what order we should go in?  Hmm, I don't.
  I think we should announce our major and minors  and then decide sort of as we go,  what makes the most sense.
  All right.
  That's sort of, unless you have a feeling, Eva.
  I think I need to go after Scott is my only thing.
  Oh, interesting.
  Okay, okay, sure, sure, sure.
  I'm happy to start if I can start.
  Okay.
  Let's just start here.
  Yeah, go ahead and start.
  We should unfold slowly too.
  Yeah, yeah, thank you for being brave.
  I'll go after Mike.
  Okay, that's perfect.
  That's perfect.
  Great.
  So I will say my major and minors,  I am majoring in short films that Kevin Spacey is in  that I had never heard of before a few days ago.
  Whoa.
  And you shocked us with this  because I didn't know about this general area.
  Let me ask the three, like the three of you,  have you ever heard of the films,  The Ventriloquist, Envelope, or A Spirit of a Denture?  Absolutely not.
  Only because I'm currently on his IMDB.
  I've certainly heard of Tom O'Dell, Here I Am.
  Yes.
  But you know, that was only four minutes ago.
  I've heard of A Spirit of a Denture,  but I don't remember what it is.
  I think I've seen it.
  Ooh.
  Okay, these are all shorts.
  And I will say I'm minoring in just a couple  Kevin Spacey out in the real world,  live appearances that I just think are so strange.
  So let me-  So can I Kevin Spacey pop-ups?  Yes.
  And yeah, so-  Flash mobs.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Spacey flash mobs, great.
  Okay, so I will, yes, we will share the screen now  and I will show you just, I will start with the live.
  We'll start with a live appearance.
  I'll call them the live.
  Oh, we'll call them the pop-ups.
  That's a better name.
  Okay, and this is what I referenced before.
  This is just, this is post some sort of like victory  in one of the trials.
  Is Kevin Spacey playing with a mariachi band, La Bamba?  Yeah.
  Yo no soy marinero.
  Woo.
  Yo no soy marinero.
  Soy capit치n.
  Soy capit치n, soy capit치n.
  Soy capit치n.
  Ba, ba, ba, ba.
  Ba, ba, ba, ba.
  Ba, ba, ba, ba.
  Hi.
  Hey.
  Hi.
  Hi.
  What a thrill for those guys.
  They are thrilled to be playing.
  He's got some news that someone is not gonna be suing him  for $10 million or something,  or maybe that they've been, you know, taken care of.
  Wearing like a peach shirt.
  His button down shirt collection is so odd.
  It's what most of his musical performances are in,  seemingly.
 Yeah.
  And who knew he played guitar?  A little tease of mine.
  I learned about some instrumental abilities from him  that I'm delighted to share.
  Yeah, so that's what I was saying.
  Like he's a, he considers himself a jack of all trades.
  He plays guitar, he does the impression.
  Who knew?  It's limitless as far as what he can do.
  I imagine that without giving it away,  Jason will teach us all about his soft shoeing.
  Oh man.
  He's a dancer.
  There's a little guitar too.
  You get soft shoe and guitar in my major.
  Okay.
  So this is just another little, little quick bite.
  This is him at a Florida Panthers game.
  And it was like,  there was some sort of meme going around with Kevin Spacey  at the, I guess like in the basketball games or whatever.
  And I think it's basketball.
  And check it out.
  That's how much I don't know about sports.
  Is not only in the house,  but he's right there in the seats with the fans.
  And this place is going absolutely bonkers right now.
  He had the Spacey Facey and then he took it off.
  And there he is.
  Panthers give that Spacey in space sweatshirt  in the locker room to the player of the game.
  He's loving it, Denny.
  Loving it.
  And let's take a look.
  This is how it all materialized here.
  So he had the mask going and then all of a sudden,  peekaboo.
  I know, look at that.
  It's president Underwood.
  Yo.
  Oh man.
  So I said basketball.
  It's a hockey, it's a hockey team.
  I'm an idiot.
  There apparently, it was,  they were called like the Spacey Facey.
  Like there was some, I looked it up.
  There's no real explanation for why they started wearing  a picture of Kevin Spacey, but then he showed up.
  And as you saw, the crowd lost their minds.
  It's great.
  It's a recurring thing that crowds lose their minds.
  Like in so many of the clips I saw, just adoration.
  People cannot believe he's there.
  People loved him.
  People loved him so much.
  Which is another thing I was thinking about was,  is the, there are certainly like more powerful people  who got Me Too'd, but was there anyone more beloved?  Like just like all of these clips show you  that everyone's so delighted to have him around.
  And then his was like the biggest fall and the fastest fall.
  It was gone in that one awful apology he did.
  And he's off the face of the earth.
  I think it's like the most like severe whiplash  of any of the Me Too's.
  Yeah, maybe.
  I mean, he had, I think he just had one of those,  like that 90s honeymoon period  that everyone remembers so fondly,  which is why people are losing their minds there  at the Panthers game because of the, you know,  his run in the 90s.
  I would guess that's a guess.
  Is that before or after everything?  Oh, the game that's before.
  That is before.
  Okay, okay.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That would be wild.
  They're like, we don't care.
  The escape from the sex rehab.
  But the La Bamba was after, right?  Yes, that's after.
  That's like a year ago or something.
  That's so strange.
  Eva, you taught me a little something about the rehab  that he's been doing.
  Can you illuminate that for our audience?  Well, he ended up at the same rehab as Harvey Weinstein.
  And part of the therapy for sex addiction  is that you ride horses around.
  And there was like a New York Post article  about how lux it is,  but they're just horse therapy for sex addicts.
  So they'll shake the urges right out of you,  like with each bounce.
  Crush your genitals into distraction.
  Well, like our vice president said,  or says, you know,  there's nothing helps the inside of a man  like the outside of a horse.
  Ew, he said that?  Yes, he did.
  Yes.
  Like good for the spirit.
  He meant like good for the spirit is horseback riding is.
  Inside of a man, ick.
  This is our phrasing.
  Anyway, excellent, Minor, Mike.
  We all gotta get our spacey space hoodies too.
  He was like a very meme,  he's like he's floating in space in a very like jiffy way.
  He looks cool.
  Okay, so let's get to the major stuff here.
  I'm gonna start with a thing called the spirit.
  I need to make sure, spirit of a denture.
  Can I just say really quick?  The Florida Panthers retired the spacey  and space sweater in 2016, immediately.
  Okay, why?  Sorry, sorry.
  Pretty.
  Okay, go on.
  Okay, I don't know a ton about this,  but all I know is it's a short film.
  Kevin Spacey plays a dentist  and we're gonna all sort of try to figure out  what this is together, but here we go.
  Kevin Spacey just punched a pirate.
  Punch a pirate.
  He's punching a pirate.
  Ah!  Ah!  Ah!  Ah!  Ah!  Ah!  Ah!  Ah!  Ah!  Ah!  Ah!  Ah!  I'll grind it down.
  Okay.
  All right.
  With a dentist drill, he scared a pirate till he fainted.
  Now the pirate's waking up.
  Good morning, Mr.
 Crow.
  Mr.
 Crow.
  Dean.
  It's gone.
  I took advantage of the situation.
  Dr.
 Middling.
  Eh, eh, what happened in here?  A nurse has shown up.
  But I do think I'm ready to have that drink with you now.
  Ew.
  That's lovely, sir.
  Cause you're gonna need a drink.
  Maybe you should take a look in the waiting room first.
  Oh no.
  The waiting room is full of pirates.
  There's so many pirates.
  They're all pointing to their gold teeth and such.
  I  Are you Bob?  Yes.
  Dr.
 Robert Middling.
  Right you are.
  I be Bob too.
  First mate Bob.
  Don't be forgetting it.
  Here.
  And I be first.
  Bob, how do you feel about needles?  Hello.
  He punched him.
  What?  What?  Then he punches him.
  Why does he do that?  That's a weird, that was weird.
  What in the world?  Was this for Nickelodeon?  That was the broadest thing.
  He's got that nine lives puffy face too.
  This is like in the last three years maybe?  Three or four years?  I believe so.
  I should look up the exact date of it.
  There's not a ton.
  No, no, sorry, 2012.
  Okay.
  The spirit of a denture.
  Spirit of a denture.
  So yeah, still in the last,  his name of course is Dr.
 Middling.
  Was this filmed in 3D and played at SeaWorld?  Was this a SeaWorld 3D movie?  Is that why he punches the camera?  I like that a plot point is taking advantage  of an unconscious person and literally saying,  I took advantage of the situation.
  He gave us all the clues.
  Mr.
 Police.
  It's a 6.
5 on IMDB.
  Who directed this film?  I have it.
  It's not him.
  Alan Shelley, who has just directed  a couple different shorts.
  So it was like a competition short  that he got someone to be in.
  And as you'll see, he loves to do shorts.
  He loves to do shorts with up and comers, I think.
  Okay.
  I think.
  I'm looking at it.
  They made a poster for it, even though it's a short.
  And the tagline for Spirit of a Denture  is the tooth is out there.
  I also see something that says that this is a,  oh boy, Trigger Street Productions  presents a Jameson first shot film.
  So I think what this might be  is like a Coke Young Filmmakers kind of competition.
  But for Jameson, like an alcoholic version  of the weird Coke movies before the movies play in a theater.
  But guys, Trigger.
  Sorry.
  I like those movies just because it reminds me  that I can get snacks in the lobby.
  Trigger Street Productions is a American entertainment  production company formed by Kevin Spacey in 1997.
  Yes, hooray.
  Yeah.
  What?  So that's it.
  It's his company.
  He called it Trigger Street before,  way before the PC police invaded America.
  Even his production company name has a threat in it.
  That's so weird.
  Yeah, Jameson first shot.
  This is, yeah, this is a filmmaking competition  like no other.
  It's giving fresh fearless filmmakers a chance  to take center stage and very bizarre.
  They produced Captain Phillips and the social network.
  His company did?  Yeah.
  Whoa, Trigger Street.
  There are, you know, there are a lot of interviews  where he says, well, I have a production company.
  I have, like they were asking him if he takes it easy  while he's performing, maybe for instance,  his Clarence Darrow one-man show.
  And they go, oh, so do you like on the day of show,  are you taking it easy?  He goes, I can't, I can't take it easy.
  I got a production company to run.
  I'm like, I'm mentoring people.
  He's like, I can't, I don't have time.
  He loves being a mentor.
  He loves.
  Well, he clearly, I mean, so he,  Jameson first shot, he was like,  and Trigger Street were like,  this is all in cahoots.
  Like he was, he kind of ran this competition, I think too.
  And the film, the winner, the winning filmmaker  would have their movie turned into a script starring,  into a film starring Maggie Gyllenhaal.
  Like she was participating in that.
  Like your reward was you get to make  a Maggie Gyllenhaal movie.
  This is such a bizarre find.
  And every website that I find about it,  you have to enter your birth date to look at  because it's all about alcohol.
  Yeah, that's why he wants to know your birth date.
  That's exactly why.
  Kevin Faisy is always very careful  to check if someone is underage.
  So, okay.
  Here's short film number two.
  This is called Envelope.
  Now you could tell me, I'm only gonna play a little scene.
  You'll tell me if you want more.
  If the audience demands it encore, I will play more.
  Or do I just want a quick bite or not?  Maybe I just want a quick bite.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Can I shift the aspect or can I turn it  horizontal and vertical?  No, this is only vertical unfortunately.
  No, this is only vertical unfortunately.
  It's so limiting.
  I hate watching any content where they decide for me.
  Yeah, I agree.
  Okay, yeah, I won't even set this up.
  Hopefully, oh, I'll explain what happened.
  Okay, I'll just play.
  He's in a kind of a pastel vest.
  He was messing with the postman  by pretending to give him a clip, a piece of mail.
  He's like a child man.
  I am foreign person.
  I make everything up, the city, the street,  the people's names, only the country is real.
  I send one out and four weeks later, it comes back to me.
  But now it is beautiful.
  That's insane.
  With all the different marks that mean the same thing,  wrong address.
  Only New Zealand left.
  Then it is finished.
  It's from the terminal country, Precosia.
  The prequel to Derek, to Ricky Gervais.
  It is, he would be friends with Derek.
  We're like, I am Sam.
  I got the letter from Derek.
  Man, Mike, that was crazy.
  Envelope, and so I guess the plot,  the rest of the short is about then the government  thinking he's up to nonsense by sending coded letters  and he gets taken to Moscow.
  That feels like one of those where he was like,  oh, got it, Russian accent.
  Don't even need to practice.
  Done.
  I have that in there already.
  Really confident in the accent work, yeah.
  The irony is that in real life,  Kevin Spacey does have compromise on people.
  And assorted world leaders.
  So this is from 2012 as well.
  He was busy.
  This is a short film by a Russian filmmaker.
  What?  There's a link on the Wikipedia for it that just says,  in the references to an article,  it says Spacey stars in young Russian director's film.
  And you click on it and it says, page not found.
  There's an IMDb poster.
  It's also a Jameson first shot.
  Yeah.
  He got Jameson to pay for all these weird short films.
  Oh man.
  I assumed the, I was gonna say,  I assumed the last one I have is because it's from 2012  is also a Jameson first shot.
  And there's probably more,  honestly, there's probably more out there.
  I didn't do an exhaustive search for it.
  So there's plenty of meat on the bone for Spacey oddities too.
  Spacey novelties too.
  Oh yeah.
  I like Spacey oddities.
  Oh yeah.
  Spacey oddities.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I'm controlled to Major Frank.
  Has he done any Bowie at any live award shows?  Ooh.
  That was sitting there.
  Oh, he should have.
  And he, if, oh God, if the, well, was that,  now he was still around in 2016.
  If he'd like on the Grammys, like dressed as Bowie,  the way Lady Gaga did.
  It's Kevin Spacey as Fame.
  You've seen the clip of him playing with Billy Joel, right?  Oh, yeah.
  That might be part of my major.
  I ruined something.
  I'll edit this out.
  No one will hear it.
  Sorry.
 So sorry.
  All right.
  So this is the last short I have.
  It's from 2012.
  And I almost want to just play all of it.
  It's 10 minutes long.
  Oh Jesus.
  You could tell me to stop whenever you want.
  Oh man.
  Under 10 minutes, it's still a quick bite.
  It's still a quick bite.
  It's called the Ventriloquist.
  And as you can imagine.
  Oh no.
  Trigger Street.
  You know what, Frank, the world is full of mysteries.
  Things that really keep me up at night.
  Jameson first shot.
  Counting sheep and it's no help at all.
  That's his Jack Lemon voice.
  Are you kidding?  Questions.
  He's got a puppet.
  He's dressed like Peewee.
  Sliced bread.
  What was the best thing?  He's bad at ventriloquism.
  Mysteries, Mr.
 Higgins.
  All right then.
  What about infants?  What about infants?  Do you think infants like infancy  as much as adults like adultery?  No.
  He might be taking things a little too literally.
  He's like a street ventriloquist.
  Has he become a thief all he entered?  I changed my mind.
  This episode's over.
  Why?  Because it's not politically correct, that word.
  No!  Doesn't matter anyway.
  Not much of a crowd today, huh?  Nope.
  Ew.
  And around the corner,  there's a bunch of jugglers and other street musicians.
  What world is this?  I'm so confused.
  You should do it today.
  No, I'm not ready.
  You'll never be ready, just ask her.
  No, I'm just feeling a little queasy.
  Oh, for the love of God.
  Like a coffee cart.
  I'll ask her.
  No, no, look.
  I'll ask her when I'm good and ready, just not today.
  Thank you.
  The coffee girl is very cute.
  Mr.
 Higgins, large coffee, one sugar, no milk.
  Come in right up.
  Hey, Stephanie.
  She greeted both of them.
  Thank you, would like to ask you a question.
  What?  What he's trying to say is,  would you like to have dinner with him sometime?  You know, a date.
  Oh, that's really sweet,  but I think I may be a little too young for Frank.
  Come on, Steph, he's a good looking man  under all that self-loathing.
  I swear, I've seen him in the shop.
  No!  Oh, he winked, he winked.
  I thought we had a future together.
  It would never work, sweetheart.
  You couldn't handle this much wood.
  Here's your coffee.
  Welcome.
  They see all of our thumbnails.
  We're all groaning, all of our eyes bugged out.
  Can't believe you did that.
  Oh, come on.
  You were never gonna do it.
  At least now you know she's not into old guys.
  I'm not old.
  Maybe in dog years you're not.
  That's funny.
  Well, one of us has to be.
  What is that supposed to mean?  Are you kidding?  Hey, buddy boy.
  The guy just put a tissue in his tip jar.
  What'd you say?  Oh no, my friend here.
  He's not doing a street act, like he's just yelling.
  You think you can just throw your trash anywhere you want?  They're just talking to each other.
  He's got a little bit of a temper,  but he doesn't mean it.
  I sure as hell did mean it.
  Why are you apologizing to this idiot anyway?  Would you stop calling him names?  That's right, you better walk away.
  You're nothing but a lumbering oaf.
  A big, fat, dim-witted jackass.
  Handsome blue collar man.
  Off screen punch.
  Oh, now he has a black eye.
  It's got a very indie film poster black eye.
  Okay, so I'll zoom a little bit here.
  Oh, please.
  Okay.
  Come on, that guy was an asshole.
  I only, by the way, zoomed 30 seconds.
  Zoom more.
  Stephanie, well, we gave it our best shot.
  No, no, no, you need to see this.
  You need to see this play out in real time.
  Why don't you take a picture, baby?  Aw.
  He lit it.
  We're in his apartment.
  His apartment's creepy.
  We have to describe this for the audience.
  His apartment's very creepy.
  He just laid the puppet down.
  He's taking his jacket off.
  It's like it's a hotel room,  but they have a workbench in there,  like Geppetto's workbench.
  Yeah.
  It's like he made the puppet himself.
  You have to stop doing this.
 Right.
  Ooh.
 He came to life.
  You know what?  He's moving.
  I'm tired of you telling me what to do all the time.
  I'm not your puppet.
  Okay, I walked into that one.
  But seriously, Frank,  maybe the black eye is the best thing for you.
  He's Frank again.
  When are you gonna wake up  and realize we're going nowhere?  We've got to move around the corner  and really work a crowd.
  We're not ready.
  We've been in the same spot for three years.
  When are we gonna be ready?  Three years.
  Besides, there's already an act over there.
  Francis and Bornstein? Hacks!  Our act spins circles around theirs.
  Look, I'm out there every day telling jokes,  trying to put on a show,  but what are you doing? For who?  Nothing.
  You can't even talk to a girl.
  I gotta do it for you.
 Stop talking.
  I do not need you to lecture me.
  Hey, I'm just telling you the truth.
  One day you're gonna wake up and realize it's too late.
  You had your chance.
  Go to a mall.
  Go to Third Street Domino.
  Talking.
  I hope you're ready for that.
 Stop!  I love when he screams.
  I for one can't wait to meet Francis and Bornstein.
  That was the worst one.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  2012, the year of the shorts.
  Everyone say your favorite at the same time.
  Spirit of a Denture Envelope and what was that one called?  Ventriloquist.
  Everyone yell your favorite.
  One, two, three.
  Ventriloquist.
  Spirit of a Denture Envelope.
  I'm the only one who voted Spirit of a Denture.
  Only one who did Envelope.
  Oh man.
  Or Envelope.
  There is something called Inseparable from 2011,  starring Kevin Spacey.
  That's okay.
  Yeah, I'm good.
  All right, fair enough.
  We have to vote these first.
  Those are my major and minors.
  Major number one.
  Great job.
  It's a major and minor.
  You should, it's majors and minors  that your parents would be very proud of.
  I think all of ours would be.
  More than my communications degree  with a minor in Cinema Studies.
  That's a degree Spacey would probably have.
  Probably more than a.
  That's true.
  I mean, his cinema skills are off the charts.
  Does that, as we will see, I believe, in Jason's major.
  Oh yeah, is it my turn?  Yeah.
  Okay, so my major,  my major is the bulk of what I have.
  I watched the 2004 Kevin Spacey starring,  directed by, and co-written by film Beyond the Sea,  which is a biopic about the life  of the singer Bobby Darin, who sang Splish Splash,  I Was Taken a Bath, and Set the World on Fire.
  Now, this movie has intrigued me for years and years  because this is what he spent his Oscar Goodwill on.
  He won a best supporting Oscar for Usual Suspects, right?  Is that how it went?  And then he won best actor for American Beauty.
  So he took all his American Beauty Goodwill  and was like, I wanna make a movie  about the life of Bobby Darin,  and I wanna play Bobby Darin.
  The only issue was, in the early 2000s,  when this movie was being made and coming out,  Kevin Spacey was 43, and Bobby Darin,  at the height of his success, was about 22.
  And Bobby Darin also noticeably died at 37.
  And.
.
.
  And.
.
.
  Noticeably?  Noticeably died because for that entire arc,  Kevin Spacey remains 43.
  This movie also features Kate Bosworth as Sandra Dee,  the popular star of the time, who was married to Bobby Darin.
  Kate Bosworth was playing Sandra Dee.
  Kate Bosworth was 21, while Kevin Spacey, again, was 43.
  Oh, oh.
  God.
  Now, this is 2000, probably shot in 2003, came out in 2004.
  So not a lot of CGI Irishman Dee aging.
  It's just kind of like, he just does.
  They just don't acknowledge that Kevin Spacey  is playing a character 20 years younger than him.
  And I gotta say, Martin Short did a better job  playing Clifford, playing a child,  as a man in his 30s and 40s,  than Kevin Spacey as a 21, 22-year-old.
  But this is a star-studded, Bob Hoskins is in this movie,  as Kevin Spacey's de facto father figure.
  John Goodman plays his talent manager.
  And I remember when this was coming out,  because the coverage of it on Entertainment Tonight  or whatever was like, and funny fact,  40-year-old Kevin Spacey is playing 22-year-old Bobby Darin.
  They just thought it was very cute, but not very, very odd.
  And the movie is very odd,  because it tries to do the thing of, it's a biography,  but old Bobby Darin meets child Bobby Darin multiple times.
  And it also tries to do the movie within a movie thing,  and it also tries to just be a straight, walk the line  kind of musician biopic.
  And it doesn't succeed at any of them,  because it's trying to do all of them.
  Yeah, that's right, it's meta,  and there's parts of like, wait, wait,  that's not how it went.
  Yes.
  And there's, I mean,  and there is a large card at the end of the credits saying,  now, some of this stuff was slightly fictionalized,  and some of it out of order.
  They really went to lengths to say that.
  They also, the dedication at the end of it  is just a screen that just says, to mother.
  Shabal.
  That's weird.
  He called his mother mother in his Oscar acceptance speech  for American Beauty too.
  He says like, mother, I don't care what anyone says.
  I will always invite you to award shows.
  It's very, it's like a, it's a gesture of love  that he's doing with a lot of pointing,  and it's the most aggressive love of a mother  I've ever seen.
  Yeah, and that Oscar speech comes up in my mind,  or I just rewatched the Christmas videos a bunch of times,  and then I found some weird just factoids,  and the Oscar speech has a clue in it  that we all should have seen.
  Okay.
  It's a very Norman Bates way to refer to your mother.
  Yeah, there's a lot of Norman Bates-esque stuff  that didn't crystallize until like perspective,  until looking back.
  He kind of looks like Norman a little.
  Yeah, and mine, he has when he's young, handsome.
  Oh, and in your photo background, he looks exactly like,  I wouldn't, you think he was in consideration  for shot for shot remake, Psycho?  He must've been.
  Oh, that's, he had to have been.
  Yeah.
  He wanted to write it though.
  He wanted Norman Bates to sing  and do an impression of Kevin Christopher Walken.
  Mother.
  Jason, Jason, you want me to play the clip here?  Yeah, can you, there's a minute long clip  with a woman in a floral dress.
  I hope that's the first one.
  Is the image?  Yes.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah, play that one.
  Okay, so this is in, very early in the movie.
  So Bobby Darin's mother was a former vaudeville performer  and she's very encouraging.
  Young Bobby Darin had, I believe it is rheumatic fever.
  He had a heart condition  and they didn't think he'd live past 10,  but he did make it to 37.
  And that condition comes up a lot early in the movie.
  Halfway through the movie at one point,  he mentions he's a little short of breath  and then he just gets very ill very quickly  towards the end of the movie.
  But, so this is like a musical number  right from the top of the movie.
  And I think you'll get a good idea  of the kind of nonsense this is.
  Mike, go ahead.
  Okay.
  His mom is dancing for little Bobby.
  Yeah.
  And he looks kind of horny.
  Okay, he just did Al Jolson mama stuff on his knee.
  And then he became old.
  Then he morphed from a child into Kevin Spacey.
  Yeah.
  He's now doing the widest leg dancing I've ever seen.
  Hoskins threw him a suitcase.
  I'm splitting Jack.
  Oh, he's singing River Stay Away from my Door.
  Oh, that's what it is?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's great.
  When this, I re-listened to how he stumbled on this  during the downtown Disney ordeal.
  And I think this was the impetus  because I was talking about getting a lot of dread  from watching movies while high  and just flashing to the miserable production of them  instead of enjoying the movie.
  And Eva, you said you saw this.
  It was that number.
  That's the number I was thinking of.
  Yeah, that was, I re-round that number dozens of times  when I saw it.
  I was like, this is so awful.
  And everyone had to pretend to be on board with it  and tell him he was good kicking.
  He's good at kicking high.
  The little kid going,  I'd settle for some Al Jolson mama.
  I hate it so much.
  It's so bad.
  Oh God.
  All the 40s costumes or whatever.
  Like somebody having to sweat it  and get like old wardrobe for director Kevin Spacey,  who I'm sure was a pain about various.
  No, no, that is not a 1941 green.
  They wouldn't have done that kind of olive, I remember.
  So they don't focus a lot on him.
  The sequences of Bobby Darin struggling  until his first TV appearance,  it's probably about two minutes in the movie.
  Like he plays a shitty club on Staten Island  and oh God, what does he sing?  He sings like,  pick a tale of cotton that like jump down,  turn around, pick a tale of cotton.
  It's all these weird spirituals.
  Yeah.
  There is a moment where he is like,  because Bobby Darin is the stage name,  the way he comes up with it is he goes with Bobby  and then he gets the idea for Darin  from a Chinese restaurants neon sign that says Mandarin,  but the first part of the word is burned out.
  Yeah.
  Is that real?  Yeah.
  Yeah, is that real?  I have no idea.
  It's not.
  He made it up.
  It doesn't seem like,  it very much felt like you're flying alone solo,  on solo, like it is right on that level.
  So Bobby starts to have some success  and he gets a lot of success singing rock and roll,  specifically the song that he writes very quickly,  he co-writes called Splish Splash.
  Splish Splash, I was taking a bath.
  Yay.
  The clip of that is upsetting, but I did not record it,  but him, it's like him walking down some stairs  and singing it on TV and just an audience of teenagers,  it's a bandstand audience, it's American bandstand,  an audience of teenagers lose their mind at this  and then his family is watching at home and someone says,  he's gonna be the biggest star in showbiz.
  It's a super closeup and he kind of whips to the camera  and like kind of with a wink and a smile says,  Bing, bang, I saw the whole gang.
  So disturbing.
  Yeah, there's a lot of pre-House of Cards  looking right in the camera in this movie.
  He's got a lot of like jamming his hands  in his pockets always too,  isn't that kind of his Bobby move?  Yeah, and he does a lot of like hands business  when he's singing.
  And I don't know if that's his choice or Bobby Darin's choice.
  We'll certainly discuss this in my segment as well,  but what do we think of his singing?  I feel like it's not straight up horrible,  but for him to be so heavily featured as a singer  constantly in so many forums,  he's just kind of too nasally, I think.
  He couldn't win karaoke night, like he's not that good.
  He's fine, he's on key, but it's like,  it's completely weird that he keeps making people  listen to him sing.
  It's like Billy Crystal singing.
  It's like-  I would argue Billy Crystal,  Billy Crystal has more personality in his singing though.
  His singing, his spacey singing is very like colorless.
  Thin.
  Thin, yes.
  Good word, yeah.
  At least Billy's putting on a little bit of a,  like a voice.
  Yeah.
  It should have been like one scene in something  where he sings and you're surprised  that he's a little bit good, not like full musical film,  host the Tonys, music front to back,  constant singing at events and functions everywhere.
  But like we've established he thinks he's good at everything.
  I mean, he's a good ventriloquist.
  He's a guitar player, he's a singer, he's a dancer.
  There's nothing he can't do at like a C minus to C plus level.
  I might rate him higher when it comes to murdering.
  Well, that's-  Allegedly, behind the paywall.
  Don't send this to anyone.
  Allegedly.
  There is, well, and Eva, I know you have some of these,  but I've got an impression.
  He thinks he's very good at funny little impressions.
  Mike, can you pull up,  there's a video that's about 30 seconds long,  got John Goodman as the preview image.
  Are you seeing that?  Or 13 seconds.
  13.
  All right, that's what I was, okay.
  Yes, I see that.
  So let's take a quick look at this.
  He's in a bowling shirt.
  Jerry Lewis?  Yeah, he's kind of doing a Jerry Lewis, hey lady.
  This is a scene,  because one of the points of conflict in this movie  is that Bobby Deren started going bald early  and was conflicted about wearing a toupee,  and John Goodman, playing his manager,  suggested he wear a hat.
  And he kind of wins the argument by going like,  Sinatra wears a hat sometimes.
  And then Bobby does a funny little bit.
  He does a funny little Jerry Lewis to keep it light.
  Has he done, I think that Jerry Lewis,  I have not seen this movie, I have not seen him do Jerry.
  I knew he did all the big,  I knew he basically did all of Kevin Pollock's impressions.
  But I have not seen him do Jerry Lewis.
  Yeah, he does the impressions that are easy to do, yes.
  So another clip, as Bobby goes on,  he has all these hits.
  He has a big hit with Splish Splash,  but he doesn't just wanna do rock and roll for the kids.
  He wants to do the classics,  the big band standards.
  And that actually works out.
  He does get very successful doing it.
  And he gets cast in a movie with Rock Hudson and Sandra Dee.
  Kate Bosworth plays Sandra Dee,  and he very quickly is like,  that's the woman I'm gonna marry,  and pursues her very aggressively, in a creepy way.
  This is a little bit of creepiness.
  Mike, this clip is 17 seconds long.
  You can see it.
  Sandra Dee is sitting in a chair.
  I think it's this.
  Yeah, that's it.
  I give it a week, maybe less.
  Don't take that long for me to marry a kid.
  Mary, you're gonna send roses to the mother?  Charlie, you always make sure the mama dog  likes you before you go near her puppy.
  Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
  Ew.
  Can you just say that just for full clarity?  You almost make sure the what?  You always make sure the mama dog is taking care of first  before you go for the puppy.
  Oh, no.
  Clues, so many clues.
  So many clues.
  And right at the end of that sentence,  he looks dead in the camera.
  It's very quick.
  But he's sort of leaning back, strumming a guitar.
  He's strumming a guitar a lot in this movie,  especially when Bobby Darin tries to do  a folk singer turn towards the end of his life.
  In that bizarre where that's like this that's presented  as this like highfalutin, and then he had his third act  in which he addressed everything going on in this troubled  nation we call America.
  And I'm like, I've never heard of this Bobby Darin protest.
  I barely know Bobby Darin.
  I mean, I guess a biopic can teach you about somebody.
  But I felt like this came out and fell on such deaf ears  because like, who cares?  And it doesn't really make the case of why you should care  about Bobby Darin.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I mean, to put this in perspective,  this is coming out in 2004.
  And I think people knew Beyond the Sea.
  People knew Splish Splash, kind of radio,  kind of like wedding standards, I guess, you know.
  But here are some of the top songs of 2004.
  Yeah, by Usher and Lil Jon and Ludacris.
  Burn by Usher.
  This Love by Maroon 5.
  The Reason by Huba Stank.
  Hey Ya by OutKast.
  I think maybe that might've been 2003 and still popular.
  And Lean Back by Terror Squad.
  So the young people not really interested in Bobby Darin,  but he was a multifaceted performer, historical figure.
  And Mike, if you can pull up this last clip,  Bobby Darin was nominated for a Best Supporting Actor role.
  And he lost to Melvin Douglas.
  But this is Kevin Spacey doing the part  that Bobby Darin was nominated for an Oscar for.
  Okay, quiet on the set.
  And rolling.
  Speed.
  And action, Bobby.
  Okay, Big Jim, you go on.
  You get this two big corn feeder off the ground, huh?  He's on a psychiatrist's kind of couch.
  I mean, one with real bills on them, it won't quit.
  You know what I mean?  I'm talking about some real balloon smugglers.
  You know what I mean?  Jesus.
  We got hit.
  Buck, Buck, we're going down.
  Oh Jesus, we're gonna crash.
  I gotta get out, I gotta use the escape hatch.
  Oh, come on, oh no, he doesn't have a head.
  Oh no, please, can't you fix it the way he was before?  Oh, that's amazing.
  Fantastic.
  That's amazing.
  Fantastic.
  And that was so, I believe he was being,  that was like hypnotherapy,  and he was recalling war memories.
  And Kevin Spacey kind of playing it  like it was a Zucker Brothers movie,  like an Oscar, like a fake Oscar nominated movie  where a character is screaming,  like nobody never told me nothing.
  No one ever gave me nothing, I did it all on my own.
  But it is so hammy.
  Please, please, what is it that you're waiting for?  He doesn't have a head.
  He doesn't have a head.
  I forget what the movie is called,  that popular, it actually was in and was nominated for.
  But it truly seems like, if you made that movie now,  the tagline would definitely be like,  the real war was at home.
  Jason, can I present a theory?  I feel like maybe the reason he wanted to make this movie  is because he thinks he's like, it's the most,  he just sees himself as like having a lot in common  with Bobby Darin, obsession with an overbearing mother,  predatory pervert, bald early,  nominated for an Oscar for supporting actor.
  I think so, I think that's right,  because there's a big hero moment  where he finally gets to play the Copa.
  Bobby Darin just wants to play the Copacabana nightclub.
  That's where all the real singers play, baby.
  And Bobby stands up for having a black comic open for him.
  The very racist owner of the Copos,  like, well, I don't know, I don't know about this.
  And Bobby Darin is a hero,  and he pushes for it and makes it happen.
  He also is very chivalrous.
  On the wedding night between Bobby and Sandra Dee,  she's very nervous about wedding night business.
  And he runs in with a sword.
  First off, she's sobbing, she's crying,  and he runs in with a giant broadsword.
  And he's like, no, no, no, no,  don't be afraid of the giant sword.
  And tells the story about how one of the knights  of the round table laid down a sword on a bed  and told Guinevere that I won't cross this sword,  only you can cross this sword.
  So he's a gentleman who respects consent.
  So clearly a lot fictionalized in this movie  as far as Kevin Spacey is concerned.
  The musical numbers continue and get weirder and weirder.
  It ends with a big musical number with adult Bobby Darin  and young Bobby Darin doing a big tap dance number.
  Among that stuff, there is a shot of Bobby Darin  eventually has a child.
  There's a shot of him petting the child's head  and then it comes to a long zoom in shot of Bobby Darin  eating a big bowl of cereal.
  And the third act, Scott, as you mentioned,  he tries to be like a singer songwriter,  like a Bobby Darin, and Bobby Darin,  Bob Dylan sort of acoustic guitar player  and no one is interested.
  But then he does one Las Vegas residency  where he sings a folk song about peace and freedom,  but he's got a big gospel choir and a big band  and he's wearing a tuxedo and everyone's clapping along  and everyone likes it.
  And then he promptly dies.
  And that is how the movie ends.
  The next day?  Pretty much the next day.
  Oh, and then the dream sequence tap number  with young and old Bobby happens.
  That's what I hope heaven is for me  is that I get to dance with my child self.
  Well, everyone's dream.
  It pretty much just rips off all that jazz  of like young and old, like, oh, it's a memory.
  So here's, you're good.
  Your life's work is good.
  You were a good man.
  You weren't sex past.
  You were good.
  I'm looking at IMDB and on the trivia,  it says many writers have requested WGA  not to associate them with credits for the screenplay.
  Some of them include Tom.
  Some of them include Tom Epperson and James Tobeck.
  What?  Tobeck?  What?  If you don't remember, Tobeck was one of the worst  of the Me Too Men.
  You're kidding.
  Whoa.
  That's what it says on here.
  I wanna be associated with this movie.
  With that creep, with that spicy.
  I got standards.
  Oh, I forgot about one little bit of movie magic.
  So there's an occasional mention of a watch.
  Like Bobby gets a watch and it's a big deal  that he gets a nice watch.
  And he like, he gets it as a kid  and the, you know, Bob Hoskins, I think it was,  or the doctor is like, you're gonna wear this when,  you're gonna be old enough to wear this watch.
  You're gonna live.
  And then towards the end of the movie, it's like,  uh-oh, my watch has stopped.
  And then right at the end of musical number sequence,  the kid throws the watch to Kevin Spacey  and in the air, it morphs into a golden microphone  and Bobby Darin catches it and sings us one last tune.
  This movie's great.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  It's got morphing.
  My life story is told with morphs one day.
  Yikes.
  So, yeah, so that's, I mean, my other little stuff is  I started reading, like I said,  I watched the Christmas threads again  and I went looking for like a deconstructed,  like an article deconstructing them or a video deconstructing.
  Because there's hidden messages.
  We think like there's like these contain weird,  here's what he's trying to say about the Royals or whatever.
  Yeah.
  Like in the movie Envelope.
  Yeah.
  Yes, like in Envelope.
  There's no message, it's just the Envelope.
  I am no spy.
  I told you, I teach.
  So I don't know if you guys wanna wait towards the end  to get your stuff out and then talk about the Christmas threats.
  But I have some little oddball stuff that as I kept,  I started reading articles,  there had been a bunch of articles in the Atlantic  about his abuse of power.
  So I've just got some weird little tidbits from those.
  One, as you know, some of the accusers have passed away  but he's got a long way to go  because apparently there's been 30 accusations  against Kevin Spacey.
  I did not know the number was that high.
  The Spacey appears in the Epstein flight logs as we all know.
  And the handwritten notes for one of the flights says,  Kevin Spacey, President Bill Clinton,  J.
E.
 Jeffrey Epstein,  G.
M.
 Ghislaine Maxwell,  and Chris Tucker, Chris Tucker popping in there at the end.
  That's a weird one.
  Yeah, I feel like not enough has been said about that.
  Very bizarre.
 That's wild.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, oh, go ahead.
  Oh, sorry.
  No, no, no.
  So a chunk of his Oscar speech,  that should have been a big, big red flag  that I don't think people really flagged until later.
  He said this quote as he was accepting  his best actor award.
  We got to see all of his worst qualities  and we still grew to love him.
  This is his character from American Beauty.
  This movie to me is all about how any single act  from any single person put out of context is damnable.
  So there's that.
  And then just after, so this movie came out in 2004,  pretty much bombed, did not make a blip.
  And then from 2004 to 2015,  Spacey sort of retreated and was the artistic director  of the old Vic Theater in London  and was just a little tyrant,  was just a little tyrant of the theater.
  Would pop up for a movie every now and then.
  Yeah, he played Lex Luthor in the 2000s  in Superman Returns.
 In a perfect film, yes.
  A perfect, normal Brian Singer directed film.
  God, he's Singer and Clinton and Epstein  and he hit them all.
  He's the type of thing, all of them.
  I can't not quickly talk about the Funny or Die video  where he has a little scene with Clinton,  where it's all a video made by the Clinton Foundation  and it's about a bunch of celebrities all brainstorming.
  I've watched this video 25 times  and I don't know what the point of it is,  but then at the end they get a call from Clinton,  I'm just checking in on you, my little celebrity friends.
  And then like, that's weird.
  Why does Clinton sound so bizarre  and not like Clinton at all?  And then it cuts to the other end of the phone  and it's Kevin Spacey and he's screwing around.
  He's pretending for Ted Danson and Ben Stiller  that he's Clinton, but then the real Clinton walks in  and they have- Oh my God.
  You ever seen this? No.
  It's not scrubbed, it's definitely around.
  And yeah, so yeah, he's on the phone  and then he gets interrupted, real Clinton walks in.
  Now, Kevin, what did I tell you about making prank calls?  Not to do it, not to do it without me.
  And then they like smile at each other.
  Yeah, all right.
  And then over the Clinton Foundation logo,  Jack Black sings a song about the Clinton Foundation.
  The Clinton Foundation fighting global issues.
  He's like trying to put his funny Jack Black stank  on like the real mission statement  of the Clinton Foundation.
  Doesn't he say like with business oriented solutions?  You're right, I left out the most important part.
  Fighting global issues with business oriented solutions.
  He tries to make fun and Jack Black-ish.
  It's one of the strangest videos to watch today.
  And the smile that Spacey and Clinton smile at each other  is just the most like lascivious squinty.
  It's truly strange.
  One of the funnier, it's one of the immoral.
  Can I just jump in with something really fast?  Please, please.
  Because you said that.
  This is just something from,  this is from my major, but it's just, it applies.
  Can you guys see this?  Yes.
  Oh, it says impressions.
mp4.
  Yeah.
  I just started doing Bill Clinton.
  I have to listen to a lot of his stuff  because there's a quality he has.
  It's so good.
  So good.
  Yeah, so that's a lesson.
  And the crew busts up.
  I remember like they're all like,  oh, they can't hold it back.
  He's so good.
  I have one last thing that I just kind of made notes floor  on the fly because we talked about Superman returns,  which gets us from Kevin Spacey to Bryan Singer  and gets us to another project we've addressed on the show,  but very briefly, because there's only so much about it  out there, mostly about how it stalled, it stalled,  and then it fell apart, which is Broadway 4D.
  And this is one of the legit,  the actual direct theme park connections for this episode  because Broadway 4D was a 3D movie that was going to be  in a restored theater with like a special effects,  like 4D movie kind of special effects.
  And it was co-directed by Bryan Singer and Gary Goddard.
  No, no, no, no.
  That's right.
  Goddard's another, if you don't remember,  he's in the list.
  God, always, always.
  Who's another creep?  Who's another sex pest?  Much like Kevin Spacey,  but this Broadway 4D had big names in it.
  They had Hugh Jackman was going to be in it.
  And I believe hosting it.
  They shot a sequence where Christina Aguilera sings,  don't cry for me, Argentina.
  And it's just stuck in, it's just stuck in hell now.
  It will just probably never be seen or maybe leaked one day.
  Oh wow.
  Or maybe parts of it are out there.
  I haven't tried to find it.
  It's like the day the clown cried,  like everyone has to die for us to see it.
  Why don't we have it?  It should have, we should have got that  the second Jerry Lewis died, by the way.
  Yeah, why don't we have it with you?  What is the holdup on that?  Yeah.
  Now put it on Disney plus.
  Put it up there.
  All content anywhere needs to be released in virus times.
  We're all under the guise of boredom.
  Put all content is free and out.
  Yeah.
  A double feature of Artemis foul  and the day the clown died.
  Wait, sorry.
  What's up with Broadway 4D?  Wait, what does Spacey do in it?  Oh, nothing.
  It was just the singer,  Spacey to Goddard connection.
  Oh, okay, okay.
  And also their crimes.
  Their crimes they also have in common.
  So Kevin Spacey is not in Broadway 4D?  He's shockingly not in Broadway 4D.
  I know.
  It just works.
  It was just a Spacey to singer to Gary Goddard.
  That sounds the most like waiting for Spacey to be in it.
  I did hear, I dated a sound designer  who worked on the Superman movies  and who said that Spacey and singer  had a spectacular falling out  on the last time they worked together.
  I think it makes sense that maybe they didn't,  they weren't friends anymore.
  And that's why he wasn't allowed to be in it  for Broadway 4D.
  Yeah.
 Oh, interesting.
  They had different ideas  about like interior design of sex planes.
  One preferred cooler colors than one was warmer.
  And you can't reconcile that.
  Yeah.
  Are we up to wait?  We discussed a new strategy.
  I think, Eva, do you want to jump in?  I think I'm going to go next  and Scott's going to close it out.
  Because I think that'll actually be-  Oh boy, pressure's on.
  Yeah.
  Well, Kevin's going to close.
  I have faith in Kevin.
  He'll bring it home.
  So should I jump in?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So I'm going to start with my minor,  which is the 2000 drama,  Pay It Forward,  and just a specific monologue in that movie.
  So for anyone who doesn't know,  Pay It Forward 2000,  it was directed by Mimi Leder.
  It was based on a story  from the Chicken Soup for the Soul book.
  And it starred three people who within the last few years  have been nominated for or won an Oscar,  Kevin Spacey, Helen Hunt, and Hailey Joel Osment.
  And basically it takes place in Las Vegas.
  Hailey Joel Osment is this kind of a depressed tween.
  His mom is hard working, hard scrapple, Helen Hunt.
  And his teacher is Kevin Spacey,  who is a stern kind of civics teacher  with a horrible burn covering most of his body  and part of his face.
  In the plot to Pay It Forward,  Kevin Spacey puts a, like just the assignment to the class  is like, you need to do something to change the world.
  So Hailey Joel Osment invents Paying It Forward,  and it works and it sort of sweeps the nation,  but he doesn't know for a while.
  So it's just, everyone just dealing with like  their household kind of drama stuff.
  Helen Hunt is kind of like,  Kevin Spacey kind of into each other,  and then they have sex.
  And then Helen Hunt's husband,  John Bon Jovi comes back, her abusive husband.
  What? I didn't know that one.
  Yeah.
  And so she kind of breaks up with Kevin Spacey.
  But Kevin Spacey knows that this is a bad scene  because, I'm gonna share this video,  because his own stepfather is, it turns out,  a very problematic person in his life.
  So he's telling the story about like what happened to him  to Helen Hunt.
  And I'll just play, this is this monologue  that I've thought about ever since I saw it  in the theater in 2000.
  So basically in the story,  Kevin Spacey's like, ask me what happened.
  And she's like, what happened?  Cause she's never asked.
  He's like, my stepdad was beating my mom.
  I ran away.
  I came back one night to try to get my mom to leave him  cause he would abuse her, but not me.
  And then this is the monologue.
  I'm in front of the house.
  I'm telling her, I'm screaming for her to come out.
  I'm telling her she doesn't have to take it anymore.
  She really doesn't.
  She can come with me now.
  I don't even see it coming.
  He hits me in the side of the head with a two by four  and I'm bleeding from my ear.
  And then he's dragging me.
  He's dragging me behind the house and into the garage.
  And then he's gone a minute, five minutes, I don't know.
  And then he's back and he's wetting me down.
  He's wetting me down and I don't understand.
  I don't understand why water should smell so bad.
  I don't understand.
  Then I see it.
  I see this  gas can, this red gas can from his truck.
  And he looks at me one last time  and he lights a match.
  And the last thing I remember, I'll never forget it.
  Were his eyes.
  His eyes because they were filled with this  immense satisfaction.
  I'm so sorry.
  Don't, don't, don't tell me how sorry you are for me.
  Just tell me how you're gonna stop it happening to Trevor.
  All right, that's it.
  Ah!  Oh!  Don't, don't, don't, don't.
  For me that that monologue is peak, like bad, good Spacey.
  Like he was still trying.
  And it's a, this movie is a giant piece of trash,  but you could see him.
  It's like, he's just really still like putting himself,  it's before KPACs.
  He's just still like putting the effort in.
  He still thinks I think anytime he makes a movie  that he's gonna win an Oscar.
  And so he really, he's got the little tear  in the corner of his eye.
  And it's just, there's so much loaded in there.
  And I just, I just love it.
  It's also, I also love how it's in front of the Vegas strip,  like the out of focus MGM and Tropicana back there.
  That's an odd detail.
  Yeah.
 He, I think that's something to be said about  beyond the sea and pay it forward.
  Both such confident Oscar bait.
  They are so certain they're just getting,  he's like picturing taking the award  while he's doing this right now.
  Yes.
 He's picturing this.
  He knows that scene is played during the ceremony.
  He's like, I'm doing the scene.
  I'm doing the scene.
  And so what this relates to now is my major,  because there's a detail in it that I found very interesting  watching these two things together, which is,  so my major is the Kevin Spacey now taken offline,  masterclass.
  Yeah.
  Masterclass, it's like classes that you watch online  by famous luminaries.
  And until he got sex pestered away,  Kevin Spacey had an acting class on there.
  And it, and I found it.
  I put it out there on Twitter being like,  I tweeted release the Kevin Spacey masterclass  and somebody contacted me like within minutes  was like, I have it.
 Do you want it?  So I watched, I watched most of it.
  How many hours, what's the width of the content?  The breadth of the content.
  Several hours.
 Yeah.
  And it comes with like a company,  like a booklet that talks about all of his theory.
  But basically what the class is,  is what he's been doing in London this whole time,  where he brings actors on,  it's like he gets a group together of unknown young actors.
  He makes them do scenes, monologues,  and then he stops them.
  He gives them notes and he makes them do it again.
  So you're basically just watching him  teach an acting class.
  But there's this very, there's all these like specific things.
  Well, one thing that is interesting is that  he keeps giving people the note of  be doing something domestic.
  I want you to be doing something domestic.
  And when I watched that pay it forward scene,  he's got the grocery bag.
  He's messing with the grocery bag,  even as he's talking about a stepdad, letting him on fire.
  He practices what he preaches.
  Most of the class is him telling like  just awful like self promoting stories  and just like drinking in all of their adoration.
  It's a truly like creepy, creepy thing to watch.
  I barely enjoyed it.
  I enjoyed it a lot.
  I hated it a lot, but it was really, it's a rough,  it was a rough exercise.
  Is there any, I've never,  I'm pretty unfamiliar with master classes  and I've always been curious about them.
  Like, do you think anyone would regard this as,  well, that was as worthwhile as going to a real school,  in a place and learning drama?  I don't know.
  I mean, most of his notes are just like weird.
  I don't know.
  His notes are, okay, here's what I wanted to talk about.
  So he does this type of note that he gives  mostly to the young men.
  The young women are mostly completely dismissed by him.
  And it's very funny cause a woman will come up,  do a model, I could be like,  eh, it wasn't so good.
  Do it again.
  Maybe he'll give her like a bad note  to make her look stupid.
  And then he'll say like, now you look stupid.
  It's very weird.
  But if it's a young, gorgeous boy,  he just, it's like cameras on his face, he's loving it.
  And he's just like drinking it in.
  So then, so I'm gonna share this.
  I edited a little thing together  of my favorite notes that he gives.
  And you guys will see.
  Yes, yes.
  You guys will see a trend.
  Make sure you're, I would say,  make sure your volume is up.
  Okay.
  Like he's whispering right in your ear.
  Here it is.
  Are you saying that to us or to the listeners?  Everyone.
  I think, well, whatever,  you might have to turn up your volume.
  It starts with music.
  Cause I used, the whole thing has this like jazzy back.
  There's this jazzy score for each masterclass.
  And I gave you just a little taste of that at the beginning.
  But here, this is 35 minutes long, 35 seconds long.
  And it's just my favorite notes  that he gives over the course of the many hours.
  Yes.
 Wow.
  This is something you've done a bunch of times.
  Okay.
  This isn't fucking new.
  Oh!  If he goes through with this thing,  with this woman,  you're going to kill him.
  Make him about 82 and really angry.
  And now I want you to give her a deformity,  a physical deformity.
  You!  I want you to try to do this now  as if you're trying to kill him.
  As if you are a bird.
  Yeah.
  I feel like you guys,  I can probably put that online  and I'll wait to get seasoned to sit off.
  But basically, if you didn't see like listener,  his last note was to this young man.
  And he says, I want you to do this as if you were a bird.
  And that is the most torturous, like 15 minute section  because this kid comes out, does a perfectly good monologue.
  He is the best in the class.
  He does this Jules Feiffer monologue.
  He's very attractive, space is in love with him.
  And then he gives him this fucking note  that he should do it again as if he were a bird.
  And then you watch this kid try to do that.
  And it's just, he falls apart.
  And the class is kind of like,  I think he just can't do it.
  And he's like kind of grasping  because it's such a crazy note.
  What does it mean?  How does he interpret that?  And he always needs to put on these hideous masks  and then like go like, go do it in the mirror.
  And then he'll like walk up to them,  holding a Starbucks and like gently touch them  and be like, I want to see it now.
  And I was like, I don't know why he's whispering.
  Is it to keep it away?  Like keep it so that the class doesn't hear the note?  Cause we get the subtitle.
  Yeah, Jules Feiffer also a wonderful writer.
  You don't really have to Gus up Jules Feiffer.
  I know, it's a great-  You don't have to Gussy that up.
  He does a great job.
  And it just like space, he's clearly like very into  what he does.
  And he's like, I just got to give him something.
  And he gives him this bird note.
  So anyway, it's just a bunch of that bullshit.
  I should also, the listener did not see  that half of those notes were given to actors in masks.
  We're kind of comedia hideous masks.
  Yeah.
  I think my favorite was the very first one.
  The, you've done this before.
  It isn't fucking new.
  It isn't fucking new.
  It's all this like cool, like I'm a cool guy shit.
  And it's great.
  And so then the other thing I just wanted to share is from,  it's just a tiny section from his lesson,  which is titled impressions,  which I played the big part in from earlier,  but this was the one I liked.
  And-  How could this be applicable?  How could him doing impressions be,  teach you anything as an actor?  This is my problem with it is it's basically,  as you'll see, like if a guy on TikTok doing impressions,  was treating it like it was actually like an important  lesson that you had paid money and you're like learning.
  And so I'll share this one.
  So when you do SpongeBob SquarePants.
  Like Peter Griffin, like literally.
  When you do Peter, to be Peter.
  So, okay, so this is 40 seconds and check this out.
  Yeah, like, you know, it's like Pacino.
  Pacino has a certain kind of, I know, gruffness.
  You know, there's a certain quality  where the voice gets lower.
  Automatically, you start working on a different part  of your voice.
  Oh, big man.
  You know, there's a, you sit in a different place vocally.
  And then if you start to find those physical things  that a guy like Pacino does,  where it always seems to me like Al,  Al appears to be the absent minded actor,  where he's forgotten where everything is.
  And so he's always looking for something.
  So that's, he runs through all his impressions  and he treats them all like they're these like  actual acting lessons.
  When he's just doing his like 20 impressions,  he's always done for his whole life.
  That was like the easiest impressions.
  And he's, this guy's, it was so crazy.
  I was like, he had drunk so much of his own Kool-Aid  right before this all happened and he went away.
  And this masterclass is like the perfect  exemplification of it,  where you're just seeing this weird little world  he's built for himself.
  And where he actually thinks like a lesson  on how to do Pacino is like an acting lesson.
  So that's my masterclass on the Kevin Spacey masterclass.
  He also, he goes, he just says like,  and he also drops in like, he goes,  so Al, what you're doing with Al?  He also is like, I know him as well.
  I'm like, oh, that's right.
  I think big man is a, is might be a Glenn Gary Glen Ross  line that he's dropping in to remind you that he was in  Glenn Gary Glen Ross with him.
  Oh, and he does Jack Lemmon a lot too,  which he's also in that.
  There's a whole Lemmon section in this impressions video  where he talks about knowing Jack.
  And of course he ends with Carson and he like rocks back  on his heels and shows the way that Carson stands.
  Oh, that's yeah, you sent me that.
  And it's so, it's so long winded the explanation.
  He makes the crew back up.
  Like, can you see me?  You gotta get a full body.
  And he makes them change their camera angle  so that he can show that like,  if you saw Johnny in person at the tapings, like I did,  like when you saw, if you took the time to see him in person,  what you didn't know is there was the pivot.
  There was the pivot and that's the key to the Johnny  is the pivot.
  So that's like this elitist, like,  because I went and saw him in New York city.
  He also does a very like, it's extremely,  I referenced earlier the SNL audition move of the,  like he, it's like he thought of this for the first time,  the really hacky like celebrity at the weird store.
  And he does that with Jimmy Stewart.
  And I think it's, I think he's like,  and he's acting like he's making it up on the fly.
  So like, I don't know, something like Jimmy Stewart  at the laundromat, you know?  So there's just a natural, you know, this kind of,  it's a contradiction, right?  So, you know, you'll have something like,  the dryer's full, the dryer is full, you know?  So, you know, something like that.
  And it's very funny.
  And then he tries to make up another one.
  And I think can't come up with a line,  like Jimmy Stewart at the bowling alley.
  And he'll say, you know, whatever it is.
  And once he's called upon to think of a new one,  he blanks.
  But this is like, oh, sorry.
  It's so confusing.
  Because he's like, there's a lesson on impressions,  but it's a serious acting class,  but it seems like he's coaching someone,  like a comedian doing like an SNL audition.
  It's like, okay, I got Dr.
 Fosse.
  I've got Trump.
  You know, I've got my three impressions down.
  It's weird.
  And this all feeds into something I mentioned,  I think during the Downtown Disney ordeal,  but my larger theory that I think all of this supports,  which is that Kevin Spacey is stupid.
  And like, and he fooled us for so long  because he can act like a smart person.
  But at the end of the day,  I think he's just a big old dumb dumb with terrible taste.
  The man who starred in a whiskey sponsored short film  about a dentist operating on a pirate.
  I think he might be a big dumb brain.
  I need to see at least 10 more short films  before I decide.
  I haven't decided yet.
  The do some business with your hands is such like a,  what dumb people think good actors do.
  There's a moment in House of Cards that like struck me  so hard when it first aired,  where they're in the living quarters in the White House,  and Robin Wright Penn comes in  and Kevin Spacey is there making peanut butter  and jelly sandwiches.
  He's singing like Froggy went to court or something.
  And I've written that into it.
  Like I wrote a sketch based on that scene  where people just coming in to tell the president  about crisis is, and he just keeps making sandwiches  and singing like songs, because it's so bizarre.
  Business needs business.
  Business means you're smart.
  Do something to mess things.
  Do something you've done, you've fucking done before.
  With a curse, with a curse so you know he means it.
  He would never swear at a woman.
  Like he will only do that to like the big guys in the class.
  If it's a woman, he just treats her like shit.
  She doesn't get any like investment.
  It's just the guys.
  He touches the woman in that clip.
  Like he does this such a slow move in to touch her,  which would just be, it would be okay  if he just kind of like went like this,  but he like does this like slow,  like creepy touch with his fingers.
  He's standing there and he's whispering,  I want you to give her a deformity.
  To a woman in a mask.
  This is like, again, clues.
  This is like we're watching video of an Epstein party.
  Oh yeah, for sure.
  Whispers and masks, deformities.
  I, oh my God.
  Has anyone seen by the way,  years before he did this real master class thing,  there was a Peter Serafinowicz sketch  where he plays Kevin Spacey doing a master class.
  And it's one of the best impressions I've ever seen.
  Kevin should watch this impression  to learn how to do impressions.
  But it is entirely about being like the extremely disdainful  of his female students  and like putting them in impossible boxes to escape from.
  Like this deep, deep score.
  It like, this sketch like predicted exactly  what the real master class ended up being.
  He says in the impressions video  that nobody can do an impression of him too.
  He's so low.
  God.
  Oh, what would mothers say about all this?  I don't think mother would care for this.
  Does it in that Phil Hartman Saturday Night Lights sketch  when he came back to host,  when he's doing the acting teacher,  this is something, this is nothing.
  Doesn't he also say like,  I don't believe women should be in the business?  That's right.
  I believe.
  I think so.
  I think so.
  All the sketches predicted all of this.
  Well, is it, is it my major?  Am I up?  Yeah, you're up.
  Fantastic.
  Well, yeah, impressions certainly factor into mine,  obviously, because my major is award shows.
  And, you know, there's all of this work that he does,  you know, in private and with small crews and, you know,  his process is kind of behind closed doors.
  But when we see him at award shows,  that is the way to just see on display  the sheer unbridled love of this man  that existed until one day in 2016,  and then it never existed again.
  And it's, you now, when you watch clips of him  on award shows,  you feel like you're looking into an alternate dimension.
  It like doesn't make sense to you.
  You're looking at all the most powerful people in the world,  some of the most respected people.
  We're all just like beaming.
  It is beyond like little laughs.
  He always killed, destroyed with these audiences  who love him so much.
  One of which Pacino factors into,  I watched the Kennedy Center honors of Al Pacino  or a clip of him on.
  I don't have a clip,  but it's like exactly what you played, Ivo.
  He makes the same observation about,  because Al is always looking for something.
  He's always trying to find something.
  So he'll be like,  and then he just shifts back and forth and goes,  ah, ah, ah, ah,  and this murders, murders with real Al Pacino,  murders with President Obama.
  Everybody's wearing their fancy ribbons  and it's cutting to them.
  Again, just like as if they're staring into the face of God.
  Everyone loves Kevin so much.
  The Tonys, he hosted the Tonys right before all of this  in 2015.
  And God, I wish there were more full award shows  hosted front to back by Kevin Spacey.
  Cause that's like him producing Saturday Night Live.
  That's like, if he was Lorne Michaels,  just like what is his idea of a great variety show?  And of course it involves impressions of Bill Clinton  and Johnny Carson.
  Johnny Carson at the 2015 Tony Awards.
  John, he does Karnak.
  And he just, he says,  I've worked up a little, again, it's that nasal.
  It's not Carson.
  Can I do him doing Carson?  Just like, and so I've worked up a little Karnak,  the Magnificent.
  And so far off the mark.
  And he just says Karnak pulls out the envelope.
  Audience explodes.
  He's killing through this entire thing.
  Especially when he walks out,  Lin-Manuel Miranda cannot find the envelope.
  Where is it?  Does somebody have it?  And turns out who has it is President Frank Underwood.
  And he walks out with a full entourage  with the actress, Corey Stoll, correct?  Is that the right name?  Yeah.
  And Robin Wright Penn, his full crew from House of Cards.
  And he proceeds to do a little sketch as Frank Underwood.
  And his castmates, who we, as we mentioned,  are extremely good actors,  proceed to have no lines to stand behind him  and do nothing.
  They went to the trouble of getting Robin Wright Penn.
  She did jack shit.
  But a lot of, this is really,  it's an incredible lineup of folks.
  Cause you get Lin-Manuel Miranda on stage  with Kevin Spacey, cuts to audience for reaction.
  Gad, all my faves, Gad, huge shit, even grin.
  And then keeps cutting around.
  And you know who really loves this bit?  Les Moonvesds.
  All their favorites.
  It was around this time of watching a word show kind of stuff  and event stuff that I started feeling like,  I think Kevin Spacey was like the ambassador  of the ultimately Me Too'd men.
  He was like always their king.
  And when he went down, the whole ship went down.
  Cause there's another thing at the,  not that all these people went down,  but then there's a House of Cards,  sketch that played at the White House Correspondents Dinner  where Spacey's on the phone and he's talking to Bloomberg,  to Mayor Bloomberg, who then hands the phone  over to Charlie Rose.
  They're just like, they all just like gravitated  towards each other.
  I guess when you feel kindred spirits.
  So I mean, those, all those odds and ends are fun.
  But I mean, the things I got to talk about,  and I talked about them the first time,  that this all came up.
  And there's some people listening for whom  the clips I'm gonna play are like the Bible,  like why go over them again?  But that might not be everybody.
  And some of these things I have to watch  once every couple months just to get that,  those endorphins.
  The first of which is truly a classic  and that is his performance of,  I got a feeling by the Black Eyed Peas  at the British Sports Awards, the Laureates.
  Again, I know you guys know these plenty well,  unless you don't, fill me in if you don't.
  I've never seen this.
  You've not seen this?  Oh shit, oh okay.
  Well then maybe I'll play a little more  than I was gonna play.
  What's happening here didn't even strike me  as a surprise.
  What's happening here didn't even strike me  as so odd until I had to transcribe it  for the audio medium of a podcast.
  That the show starts, he walks through some double doors,  goes through a kitchen, that's such a flurry of activity.
  Like, woo, there goes a waiter.
  So much is happening.
  A beautiful woman comes up and asks for his autograph.
  There's bodyguards, there's people pointing at a form.
  There's a guy who comes up with a silver platter,  which he reaches into and grabs a microphone  off of a pillow inside the platter.
  And again, this literally dismisses this woman.
  She's like, this is important monologue business to go over.
  No, no, no, not now.
  And this happens.
  Just one moment.
  I got a feeling.
  That tonight's gonna be a good night.
  That tonight's gonna be a good night.
  That tonight's gonna be a good night.
  It's his makeup done.
  A good night.
  A feeling.
  He high fives a bouncer.
  It's they're trying to craft, and it's all one shot.
  They're trying to craft that perfect little opening  where the guy's so debonair.
  He's getting everything done.
  Little makeup, sure, I'll sign this.
  And then he takes, I think a soccer ball,  shoots it at a basketball net and misses.
  Which is like at his eye length, like eye level.
  Your eye is a very good detail.
  Yes, it is not up high.
  It is so close to him.
  I wonder to this day, does he know if he missed it?  Has he ever watched this in his head?  Did he just nail this?  And even if he saw a video, he might be like,  this was doctored.
  It was a swish, I recall vividly.
  So, keeps singing, walks backstage,  and is revealed on stage.
  Sings this little line about,  if I'm not the right host,  you can hire Ricky Gervais.
  And then we keep going.
  If I'm wrong, you can always hire Ricky Gervais.
  Do you like the night?  Please give a cheer.
  There's just one reason why we're all here.
  I've won awards.
  I won a few, a walk of fame star, and Oscars too.
  It's just that I want it all.
  A glorious.
  So, the lyrics are,  there's just one reason why we're all here.
  Then he lists his own accomplishments  at a British sports awards.
  Then goes up into his singing register he can't hit  and rounds a corner past which we can see his bald spot.
  It's wonderful throughout.
  Any reactions or feelings for anybody?  This is the best thing I've ever seen.
  I mean, this really.
  It kind of makes sense him hosting the Tonys  because he was a theater guy.
  Hosting the British sports awards,  the only connection he has to British sports  is that he hid out in London at the old Vic for 11 years,  just terrorizing people.
  That's his connection to Britain.
  He was knighted.
  The tigers.
  Oh, right, right.
  So of course.
  He was knighted, he's a sir?  I believe he was, yeah.
  He can't be knighted.
  He's not a British citizen.
  So it's whatever the,  once they give to citizens of other countries.
  But I believe the queen did knight him.
  The utter confident,  everything you've been saying Mike  that he thinks he can do everything.
  It's extremely clear here  that he's singing a just straight up current pop rap song.
  Cause everything we've seen up until this point  is standards and beyond the sea.
  And so him singing the black eyed peas is just fantastic.
  And that's, I don't want to need to play everything,  although it's, I recommend watching the whole thing,  but just highlights.
  I think my favorite part is when he says,  Davy's dressed up.
  And then it cuts to a guy I've never seen before.
  I don't know who Davy is.
  Whenever it cuts to somebody, they look miserable.
  They are not enjoying the performance.
  They look confused.
  This poor guy I'm showing you.
  He sings the line,  Tony Hawk.
  Yeah, Tony Hawk.
  He wants an award,  but he's too old for his skateboard.
  And then it cuts to this face.
  It just disgusted Tony Hawk.
  Why would you just insult Tony Hawk to his face?  Has it ever occurred to us that Tony Hawk's too old?  That's an observation completely in Kevin Spacey's head.
  He then, see who's, he rhymes best with glorious.
  A lot of the audience,  so much of the audience that it cuts to are in like turbines.
  I don't know what this affair is.
  This specific event was in Abu Dhabi.
  And I looked into the history of it  and it was always somewhere different in Europe or Asia.
  There was one in Russia that Putin attended.
  So I don't know what the hell these awards are.
  They're just strange in general.
  For two years in a row, it was in Abu Dhabi  and the host for both years, Kevin Spacey.
  You gotta wonder what's going on here.
  He got paid so much money for this.
  It feels like somebody who would enjoy going to Abu Dhabi  for some reason we don't wanna know.
  It's while I'm in town,  little watering hole only I know about.
  He's doing like a bad Robert Goulet.
  Like when you're, we're talking about his singing,  it's very much like, I've got a feeling.
  Tonight's gonna be a good night.
  Like he's doing his like lounge singer version  of I Got a Feeling.
  You wouldn't doubt he can just kind of talk it.
  But then he also goes for notes.
  He certainly is not qualified to hit.
  Let me go to the end.
  Some of these wonderful slant rhymes.
  Just, I love this thing.
  That tonight's gonna be a good night.
  That sports will be given its due right.
  And I'm glad to be back from my second night.
  I got a feeling.
  Look at that face when he like flutters like a songbird.
  His lip quivers.
  He could not like, there's other performers  who would kind of have fun with it.
  They're singing, this is too cool of a song,  too current of a song for me to be doing.
  But boy that,  he believes it so hard.
  It's the first time I've actually gotten  like the weird stomach feeling of embarrassment  for someone else.
  This is the first time in the three hours  that I feel like debilitated.
  You're kidding, I can't believe it took this.
  He has so much more confidence  than any person I've ever met.
  Like I could be like, hey, here's a unicycle.
  Do you think you can ride and go, of course I can.
  And you get on it.
  And there's a chance he could kind of do it, honestly.
  Like there's a chance like he's not thinking  or doubting himself would allow him  to sort of ride a unicycle.
  Yeah, that's true.
  And then very quickly he'd be back on stage  at the Lourious Awards,  like going up against the world's greatest unicyclist.
  Let's have a race, you and me.
  In fact, I knew this clip and only this clip.
  And then I got curious what the rest  of his award show bits were.
  And in one, there's like a major, major tennis player.
  I'm not sure who it is,  but he challenges with a lot of windup, too much windup.
  But I thought we'd try a different type of game.
  And then it's that they play ping pong.
  And the whole bit is just a regular ping pong game  that just goes for 10 minutes.
  It's very quiet.
  That's like far away from the audience.
  They're not involved in this.
  I was curious what the other year was.
  And so what I just showed you was 2011.
  In 2010, he, ladies and gentlemen, Kevin Spacey.
  And he walked out to, I've got a feeling again.
  He didn't perform it, but he played it.
  And it must have planted the seed like next year.
  This song reminds me of me.
  Oh, wow.
  Me in a nutshell, when I've got a feeling, I act on it.
  That's really what acting is.
  What was that one lyric where he says,  sports finally get their due right?  Isn't sports one of the biggest, if not the biggest,  categories of entertainment in every country in the world?  I thought so, but you think it's different.
  They deserve a little attention now and then.
  Let's think about sports just for one night.
  On the Wikipedia for the Laureus Awards,  it says the award show has been criticized  because the criteria are unclear.
  Elsewhere in his 2010 monologue,  the first year's monologue of the Laureus Awards,  he says, now I wasn't the first choice.
  They originally wanted this to be hosted by Morgan Freeman.
  And then of course, that is the end  to do a Morgan Freeman impression.
  And I buy it a little bit.
  Maybe Morgan Freeman was supposed to be there or something.
  And then he keeps going and says,  you know who else was maybe gonna host?  Christopher Walken.
  Can you imagine what that would have been like?  Well, hi, you know.
  And then he does that bizarre,  whatever the fuck people think  the Christopher Walken impression is.
  Just like Shatner, which is where are we  with these impressions?  I do a perfect William Shade.
  Yeah.
  Like what?  We were just off.
  We're in outer space now.
  I was just thinking about this  because in the movie Nine Lives,  which was one of the last movies he made  before he was canceled,  Christopher Walken is in that movie with him.
  And they have scenes together.
  Christopher Walken is the one who gives him  the enchanted cat that he becomes.
  And they're in scenes together.
  And I wonder what that was like for Christopher Walken.
  Or wonder if Spacey did walk into Walken's face?  I bet if they met, yeah,  he probably walked up and like, hello,  pleasure to meet you.
  And Walken was probably just didn't know what he was doing.
  It's like, yes, you too.
  Would you like to do the scene now?  Yeah.
  Then he loses the thread of  what if other celebrities hosted?  And then he just says, what about Al Pacino?  Oh, what about him?  And then his Al Pacino impression consists of the words,  say hello to my little Abu Dhabi.
  What?  Goosebumps, embarrassment goosebumps.
  I'm covered in them.
  They'll be on for a week.
  Say hello to my little Abu Dhabi.
  I'm surprised he hasn't followed a Tom Cruise trajectory  where Tom Cruise is so confident  he'll do a halo jump out of a plane.
  Like Kevin Spacey has the level of confidence  that like, yeah, I'll jump out of a plane any height.
  It doesn't matter.
  All of his movies should have giant stunts  because he's so confident.
  He needs to jump out of the plane  to land on the Pacific garbage patch  where he currently is seeking asylum.
  That's the only way to get there.
  Nine Lives does start with him skydiving,  highly CGI skydiving, and he calls his son a pussy  as he jumps out of a plane.
  Whoa.
  It really, really bad.
  Oh my God.
  I can't believe nobody did Nine Lives.
  I mean, there's only so many majors.
  It's not really worth it.
  I watched it and I didn't want to major in it.
  That's the biggest moment when the bad movie  isn't fun bad when it's just trying.
  That's why I like these little,  in these little quick bites of his award show appearances  are kind of perfect.
  The comment section is mad about, you know,  they think the audience isn't giving him enough.
  How dare Tony Hawk glare at him  just because he was mean to him in front of everyone.
  YouTube comment, the crowd sucked.
  How can you just sit there with a stone face  when Spacey is bending over backwards to entertain you?  Later comment, even if he is a little old,  I would definitely marry him.
  Really?  I guess.
  Spacey reply guys.
  Well, most of them,  I am happy to say most of this was from five years ago,  thankfully.
  I'm trying to think the right order to do this in.
  I mean, I might close out with a classic.
  And expose you to, so this is something new to me  and hopefully is for you too.
  Jason throughout the episode has alluded to his work  at the Old Vic.
  And that's why he was the perfect choice  to host the Olivier Awards.
  More bizarre awards we've never heard of.
  And he starts, well, you know, I wrote down the dialogue,  but maybe I should just play it.
  Sharing screen.
  Oh, here we go.
  All right, now we take you to the Old Vic  and the Olivier Awards.
  Has everything to do with the Old Vic  and what I hope we'll all continue to try to do  and be there for this wonderful, wonderful girl.
  Taking off the bow tie again.
  Just like the, the little girl.
  Little girl when you're feeling small.
  For this wonderful, wonderful girl.
  Little girl when you're feeling small.
  You're pretty high.
  Again, if this were,  if I felt more like torturing you,  I would play all six minutes of this, but.
  He's singing Bridge Over Troublewater.
  Let's just get to the chorus.
  The curtain opens and reveals a choir  of approximately 600 people.
  The biggest choirs I've ever seen.
  Get to the chorus.
  And friends just can be found  like a rainbow  some water.
  I, when I, I watched all six minutes of this  and towards the end, I started just cackling to myself.
  Like I'd literally lost my mind.
  Like Walter in the, in the crawl space and Breaking Bad.
  I, it just really, really broke me on some level.
  And I'll show you why really that happened.
  I mean, first of all, the fact that he's singing Bridge  Over Troubled Waters, but he makes a point of singing it  in the gospel-y way.
  Like, or he skips the V.
  It's a very key decision from him.
  Oh, Troublewater.
  It's very like old man rib.
  He's definitely, this is the,  I think spirituals are mentioned earlier.
  And it's very spiritual.
  Your intersection sucks.
  Oh no, I'm sorry.
  Well, hang on.
  We got, we got a little lift here.
  Just when you needed a little, a little assistance,  he brings out another singer, Beverly Knight.
  And then he brings out his secret weapon.
  I wish the audience could see it in the way  that you guys can't, but I'll tell you what happens  as soon as it's happened.
  Ladies and gentlemen, Beverly Knight.
  He is now playing harmonica.
  He is busted out of harmonica.
  And please, my friends, watch him play this harmonica.
  Just watch the physicality here.
  The horrible of his hands.
  It is making a suspicious amount of sound  despite being nowhere near the microphone.
  Yes, I know where you're gonna go with this.
  I, yes, I have a proposition, which is that  as with all the many of the things that Kevin Spacey  thinks he knows how to do, playing harmonica  is one of those things that he thinks he knows how to do.
  And when he pitches that he could play the harmonica  at an awards like this, there's a quiet backroom discussion.
  Like, so are we gonna have like an offstage  mega harmonica player and he'll just do a pantomime.
  Yeah, that's fine.
  Yeah, just cut his mic.
  Okay.
  Just a full like singing in the rain, like second microphone.
  I believe that is what's occurring.
  Yes.
  And I think he's none the wiser.
  He doesn't know he missed the shot.
  And this comes into play once again in another one.
  Let me make sure I have this one open.
  And I think Mike, you may have stumbled  into this one before.
  Yeah, I tipped it a little bit,  but there'll also be a big surprise.
  I didn't say what I didn't say.
  So we'll see, you'll find out now.
  Happy to play it again.
  You guys seeing it?  Are you guys seeing the wonderful label Gershwin Prize?  Yes.
  And here we go.
  If you can imagine it, Billy Joel.
  You know how to play this?  Well, it's your night, Billy.
  And I will accept the challenge, yes.
  Okay.
  Big laugh.
  Let's see what you got.
  That seems fair.
  Audience always on his side.
  So Billy's gonna play harmonica  or Kevin's gonna play harmonica with Billy.
  Here we go for the classic song.
  ["The Star-Spangled Banner"]  This one is way more comically not proper,  not happening than the previous.
  Well, time for Billy to take over  and sing the song that we all know and love.
  And now Billy.
  It's nine o'clock on a Saturday.
  Nope.
  The regular crowd shuffles in.
  Anyway.
  I feel like I'm going insane.
  This is so weird.
  This is a running thing which into that look,  that dress shirt or tuxedo shirt in the best.
  It comes up in Beyond the Sea.
  It's come up in multiple musical performances now.
  And he clearly thinks that's a cool look for him.
  And it looks like shit.
  He looks like Timberlake, man.
  He's well dressed and fitted.
  Where's Fedora's?  He's just like Timberlake.
  He looks so sloppy.
  Guys, I have a theory that I have hit on  and tell me what you think.
  Is Kevin Spacey eat dark Troy McClure?  Because he's got all these little weirdo oddity.
  If Troy McClure had an actual run of award winning stuff  in addition to all the funny jokes.
  Yeah, just because like the connecting thing between them.
  Just that line of like,  what I have is a romantic abnormality.
  One so unbelievable.
  It must be hidden from the public at all costs.
  You're right.
  I think it's a good theory.
  And you could picture Troy McClure saying,  you may know me from Nine Lives,  from the Talking Cat movie and the movie where I play Nixon.
  Boy, yeah, yeah.
  And he's always hosting everything.
  He's always like, if you need a personality,  it's always him.
  Ooh, I like this.
  Yeah, dark Troy McClure.
  I really love that.
  I just, just before moving on from the harmonica,  he just looks, you know, we'll post videos somewhere,  but like, he just, he looks like a bobble head.
  His head is just like jangling around.
  And what's funny is when you watch, you know,  like Stevie Wonder play harmonica,  he, you know, has the harmonica to his head  and he moves his head a little.
  He isn't like swinging it around back and forth wildly.
  Like it is the most like air guitar playing of harmonica.
  The way, if we all picked up a guitar and fake played it,  we'd like hit every note in a way a real musician wouldn't.
  It's madness.
  Isn't he doing, like, it seems like in that clip,  he might be doing it as a bit, but the other clip he's not.
  But then you'd like do some,  then he'd like pull it away and look at it like,  whoops, I'm saying I'm still going.
  He'd do like a ventriloquist kind of section of the bit.
  I think he's never played harmonica in the mirror.
  He's just done it.
  He thinks he looks good doing it.
  He doesn't know he looks insane doing it.
  Exactly.
  And he sees the Blues Brothers.
  He's seen only the Blues Brothers at Universal Studios do it.
  And they do like the caricature.
  Just as he is a caricature of what,  he is like what rich people, dumb rich people think like,  oh, this is what a good, like classically trained actor is,  like Kevin Spacey.
  Oh, and he's funny and charming.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  There should be a TV show where Kevin Spacey  does things for the first time.
  And he just does them like very confidently  and we'd all very much enjoy it.
  Yeah.
  I can ride a deer.
  Even like Kevin Spacey paints a house  and he just takes the bucket and like throws it.
  I did it.
  The house has been painted.
  Look at me go, I'm a painter now.
  And then he's immediately dispensing advice  on how to do it.
  What you have to do is you have to have paint.
  This time I want you to paint it very fast.
  Wear the mask.
  Wear the mask you fuck.
  Paint with a bird's favorite color.
  All right, so my final punishment  and this one we all know, I think,  but it seems nice to go out on a classic,  on a modern day spiritual.
  And this was one of the first things we talked about,  but I got to do it.
  His now classic,  should be in the Smithsonian performance of mind games.
  As this came up the first time we talked about this,  he was hosting an event called  Come Together, A Night for John Lennon's Words and Music.
  This was an event that was a pre-standing tribute  to John Lennon and then 9-11 happened.
  And then it became like a dual,  it's both John Lennon and 9-11.
  So this could not have been more important.
  It was just a crucial event  for bringing the city back together.
  It's why all the big guns had to come out.
  It's what Dave Matthews had to sing in my life.
  It's why Shaggy had to sing Give Peace a Chance.
  This is the only way to heal.
  In my life, I love you more.
  And everyone wept.
  This whole thing, I mean, let me just,  I'll play his little speech here, important context.
  John Lennon was many things to many people,  a poet, a rocker, a leader, a troublemaker,  a father, a husband, a man.
  Growing up, to me, he was a hero.
  The work of John Lennon was marked by its exquisite beauty  and by its brutal honesty.
  Can I just stop it here?  And if I could just okay boomer it for a second,  I just have an observation to get off my chest.
  This kind of shit that he's doing  is why I couldn't get into the Beatles for many, many years.
  Does anyone agree with me on this?  Everybody makes the Beatles sound like a chore.
  They're like a fun band who have fun songs  and dress up in costumes and shit.
  And then when anyone has a microphone  and gets to talk about them, it's like,  he was a savior to most, yet just a man,  but from his pen sprung forth poetry, the likes of wit.
  Like this kind of grandstanding shit, just don't do it.
  That kind of introduction is so rough to hear  and it translates to text sometimes.
  Like if you see someone on Twitter  who gives themselves like 12 titles,  like actor, writer, producer, resistor, father,  watcher, TV watcher, like it's like, all right, man, come on.
  Pick two.
  I also think if John Lennon were at this event,  he'd like throw a cocktail at Kevin.
  Yeah, he had anger issues.
  John Lennon would be like what get probably like  not necessarily in the same way,  but would probably be like some sort of weirdo reactionary.
  He would be like a Gary Oldman type where it's like,  yeah, you're still a good actor,  but if you put them in front of an interviewer,  they're gonna say something insane  that like you cannot follow the logic of.
  Dennis Quaid is starting a podcast.
  They announced this week where he's gonna interview  his friends and it includes like Lance Armstrong  and Logan Paul.
  His friends?  Yeah, he's become like a piece of shit.
  And now it's like, he's hanging out with other pieces  of shit on the podcast.
  Can't wait.
  I've heard of the worst timeline podcast,  but that sounds like the best timeline podcast to me.
  He's got to promote it.
  Can we get him on the show?  Yeah, man.
  Can we get Dennis Quaid?  Let's get Dennis Quaid.
  Are we gonna give him a big one  to the Space Mountain with Dennis Quaid?  Let's give him two, Space Mountain and Pirates.
  Only if Logan's there.
  That's probably how they bonded,  Disneyland trips together.
  Yeah.
  Is Dennis Quaid in the Logang?  Oh, is there?  We gotta find some of those videos.
  Yeah, there is an older man in the background  with the Logang videos, a little out of focus.
  Wow.
  Peeing in their pool.
  Okay, so I'm gonna continue the monologue.
  So in that vein, let me say that while I'm both  deeply honored to be here tonight,  I'm also incredibly pissed off.
  9-Eleven pissed him off.
  You pissed off Kevin Spacey with 9-Eleven.
  I'm outraged because, look terrorists,  look who you made, Mia.
  Passionate prophet of peace,  and so many others are not with us here  because we live in an all too violent world.
  I am mad about 9-Eleven, which happened a few weeks ago,  and I'm mad about John Lennon's death,  which happened 21 years ago.
  I'm equally mad about both.
  And I would love to be called and so many others.
  Just all other, that's, he's talking about like  everyone who's ever died, I think.
  Et cetera.
  Everyone between 1980 and 2001.
  Carson.
  Carson.
  I could do a little bit of him,  but this isn't the time or the place.
  I'll do a little bit.
  Mecca lecca hi.
  Here to this occasion, it's up to all of us  to do what we can to not only keep John's songs alive,  but help rebuild New York.
  And that includes your host.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  The tiny hop, the little hop, he hops four inches.
  And that's how the audience knows  he ain't just toasting, he's singing.
  We're playing those mind games together  Pushing the barrier, planning scenes  And if you listen to that audience,  they lose their fucking minds when he starts singing.
  He's singing too?  Shouting the mantra  The mantra  Peace on earth  He's like doing a Lennon impression.
  We're all gonna play those mind games  He's gotta do a bowie or something.
  He has to have a bowie somewhere.
  Yeah, please, it's time.
  So what do we do  Let's do the veils  This is the worst singing he's ever done.
  Yeah, you're right, you're right, yes.
  Everything Wellesley watched has been better.
  Let's do the veils  Out of his range, his voice is thin, greedy.
  Oh, here comes the best note.
  All right, here we go, Kevin.
  Love is the answer  And you know that, you know that for sure  The angriest version he could possibly do.
  He's angry.
  Again, in a dress shirt.
  He's in dress shirts for all of this.
  He dresses like an actuary at like a corporation.
  But he's casual, you know, no time.
  Never the time.
  He dresses like his character from  Glangary Glen Ross all the time.
  I mean, I kind of just wanna,  kind of just wanna talk over this one.
  Um, he gets a little bit of words wrong.
  He kind of misses the cue on this one, I believe.
  Here, let's listen.
  Ha ha ha ha  Ha ha ha ha  Yeah, keep playing those.
  I think this is the most like,  it's hard to relate to during the pandemic.
  This is just another time entirely  with a man who's gone.
  We don't understand being in this frame of mind anymore.
  Like why you'd be, Kevin Spacey would sing  Love is the answer at you and you'd cry.
  It feels like it was sent through a wormhole for us.
  You know, like,  the portal open and dump this out and we're like, what?  The big fart sound.
  This doesn't help?  Here.
  You know that?  Kevin Spacey has played my games on me  and now I am fully Joker-fucked.
  Here, I'll skip a little ahead.
  I just wanna hear him sing,  I want you to make love, not war.
  Such present audience in this.
  Everyone, there's people who've been applauding  for five straight minutes.
  Their hands are bleeding.
  Raising the spirit of peace and love.
  Now you've heard that before.
  That's the most like your neighbor at karaoke he gets.
  It's so bad.
  You know, there's another thing I thought about,  Kevin Spacey and his musical taste.
  So what have we heard him sing?  We've heard him sing Beyond the Sea.
  He sang Bridge Over Troubled Water,  Piano Man.
  You know, this was, as I've said the last time,  this was not his first choice.
  He wanted to sing Blackbird until he was told  that that was a Paul song, not a John song.
  So between all of these songs,  it's almost like Kevin Spacey only knows  extremely famous songs.
  Almost like it's only obvious karaoke.
  I don't know if you know this one,  it's called Don't Stop Believin'.
  I like older stuff.
  And then he hears tonight's gonna be a good night.
  And he's like, maybe this new stuff isn't so bad after all.
  The current John Lennon is Will.
I.
Am.
  Oh man, Scott, you crushed it.
  That was absolutely awful.
  By it, you mean your spirits.
  Yeah, I feel sick.
  You really, in an alternate dimension,  in a know me too dimension,  or where he just kept getting away with it,  you know he would be in the Gal Gadot, imagine.
  Oh, yeah.
  For sure.
  Well, he also would have been,  there were Broadway productions of both Network  and To Kill a Mockingbird,  and 100% he would have been in one of those.
  Yeah.
  If he had not been cast out.
  What I've been watching,  or Eva, go ahead.
  No, you go ahead.
  I was gonna say, I've been watching these videos  of all, like a lot of musicians doing a concert  for in their living room or something  during the quarantine time.
  I would imagine he would be giving us a lot of content.
  I mean, he should be giving us a lot of content,  which is why it's confusing about it,  but I feel like that would be a ripe time for him  to really comfort us as a nation and a world.
  Did he ever croon with Seth MacFarlane?  Ooh.
  Is there a problem over there?  Very good question.
  That's worth a Google.
  I don't know if did everyone,  has everyone seen this?  I have some clips.
  He does do the Dean Martin duet.
  What?  There's two songs he duets with Dean Martin on  on a Dean Martin album.
  Oh no.
  He wait, he's, wait, it's a posthumous duet?  Yeah.
  With a dead Dean Martin and like a Natalie Cole thing?  With, oh no.
  All right, oh, real quick.
  I will say that no,  because there's a predator joke on season four of Family Guy  and they were always mad.
  He was always mad about that.
  Oh, it seems like Family Guy like referenced a lot of them  before they happened.
  So Family Guy was like ahead of the curve  on all the Me Too's.
  Yeah.
  Difficult people.
  I think there's a few Kevin Spacey jokes.
  Spacey and Max Landis.
  They made it to Max.
  Nice.
  Yeah.
  All right, real quick here.
  Uh, oh no.
  192 take 15.
  Well, I gotta get a tattoo at 1230  and I don't wanna be late.
  One, two.
  Come on, Dean.
  Show us how it's done.
  No!  No!  I'm lucky and one guy beat me.
  Oh, that was Kevin and that was Dean singing it first.
  I kissed her and she kissed me.
  Jason is dancing in full box.
  I like the fellow once.
  Jason is dancing in full box.
  Like the fellow once said,  ain't that a kick in the head?  The room was completely black.
  I hugged her and she hugged back.
  Like the sailor said, quote,  ain't that a hole in the boat?  My head keeps spinning.
  I go to sleep and keep dreaming.
  That's Kevin.
  This is us to be.
  Yeah, my life is gonna be.
  Be beautiful like the sunshine.
  All right, that's it.
  No more.
  No more.
  The perfect thing to have today would be  if Dean and Kevin did a duet of Baby It's Cold Outside.
  Oh.
  If only.
  Well, we should start summarizing  highlights.
  What do we learn anything here?  I mean, we learned that he,  what's the word grooming?  He groomed the whole world is what he did.
  He groomed us with song and dance and harmonica  and everyone allowed it to happen.
  This was right in front of our faces the whole time.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I was saying like the nine,  again, we all took for granted  how like beloved he was in the 90s.
  So then it was you're saying, Scott,  every time he's on stage doing literally anything  an audience is losing their mind.
  Like that's how.
  That's in their minds.
  That's like, oh wow, the American beauty guy is singing.
  Holy shit.
  I love American beauty.
  But I will say like he was so good in the 90s  when I was watching Payette Forward,  I did have the pangs of like, oh, he was great.
  He was so good.
  Yeah, I mean that's true.
  So maybe if you think someone is great, never tell them.
  Yeah.
  Don't let it go to their head.
  Withhold compliments until after someone has passed away  and then say everything you think  because it will ruin them  if they get confident for even a second.
  And there should be no award shows anymore of any kind.
  That's yeah, let's keep that going.
  There's plenty of things I would,  we don't need to come back after the quarantine.
  Yeah.
  But.
  But one of those things is,  oh sorry, no, go ahead Mike.
  I was just gonna say, there are budding,  there are budding spaceys right now.
  We don't even know necessarily who in their 20s, 30s  that we go, oh, you know, that young up and comer  is a really great actor or actress.
  We kind of want, I feel like we want to foster environments  where they get to do a version of I've Got a Feeling  that is our overseas award show for us,  but for our entertainment.
  But you're also saying like we need to keep them in check.
  Like we need to keep.
  I'm not saying, I'm actually saying,  I'm saying the opposite.
  I'm disagreeing that they need to be kept in check.
  If they're friends of yours, keep them in check.
  Yeah.
  But if they're not.
  Let it fly.
  We kind of want to see how far we can get.
  We want to see what country they can do an award show in  and how many different songs, modern pop songs,  preferably they can perform parodies of.
  So 10 years from now, Shersha Ronan is in doing  like a Moscow, like some sort of film, Moscow Oscars.
  And she's like, she's like doing a Lady Gaga thing.
  And we're like, Oh, she didn't know Shersha was bad.
  It's like, I wonder what would Catherine Hepburn have said  if she was here?  Wow.
  Well, there is one of these.
  And when I say, I don't mean to say  there's a spacey in our midst because what I think also,  probably Mike, you want to say you like the,  just being overly confident and just diving into shit  you can't do.
  I bet you don't like being sex pests and murderers.
  Yes.
  Yes, that's true.
  Yes.
  I think that part they could get rid of.
  I don't care for it.
  No, but we would like a posthumous Dean Martin,  Billie Eilish duet, right folks?  Doesn't that sound good?  We're better yet.
  Billie Eilish on the tribute album.
  Billie Eilish sings John Prine on the tribute album.
  Well, she's too much of a musician though.
  You, we need, it's gotta be, well, Gal Gadot, you know?  She's already, she's making a go at it.
  She took a big stab at this kind of thing.
  I think Renner does a lot of spacey-esque work every day.
  Yeah.
  I am gonna listen to his House of the Rising Sun cover  to recover from the spacey covers.
  I had a little bit of a flashback  as I was watching some of these clips  and especially the award show clips too,  a topic that we probably have to address on the second gate  is the return of Bruno, Bruce Willis' music career  and performance.
  Yeah.
  Another like very confident guy.
  Like he saw Bruce Springsteen and Billie Jolie,  goes, I'm from the same place they are.
  I can do this.
  That, yeah.
  And we discussed the town,  his town that he took over in Idaho.
  No.
 No.
  There was this town called Haley, Idaho.
  And I, my boyfriend and I at the time  were like driving through Idaho to go to the Rainbow Gathering  and we just found this town.
  We stopped for lunch basically.
  We didn't realize we were just in Bruce Willis' town  that he had taken over.
 Oh my God.
  And he'd like, there was like a jazz club.
  There was a theater where he was doing True West  with some guy from the town.
  And I guess eventually he just abandoned it,  but we did have lunch at his own barbecue restaurant  and there were pictures of him on the wall  because this was like 2000.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  And it was like peak, like Bruno, like late Bruno era.
  Right.
 Wow.
  That's crazy.
  And where is the pilot you obviously wrote about that  being optioned for?  I mean, that's a good story.
  We'll do the town episode, the Bruce Willis town.
  I'd love to do Bruno and we're winding it down,  but just drive really fast  because of your background.
  Mike is reminding me he did a Clarence Darrow one man show  as you told us at a tennis stadium at Arthur Ashe Stadium.
  And demanded that people clap for him  for doing it on family.
  And he loves tennis.
  He's a big tennis guy.
  He goes to all the matches and won awards.
  There was an award show where he was using a cane  and it was because he got a tennis injury.
  Oh.
  And he still brags that he was like,  and I was going for a shot.
  I was going for a shot and he goes, and I got it.
  Don't worry.
  Match point folks.
  Match point.
  Can we get a little bit of spacey-esque confidence  and check, did we break the record?  I don't think maybe not because there was a break in there  because there was some technical difficulty.
  Yeah.
  I don't think we did.
  I think we're a little under, but we're pretty,  I mean, we're in the top five, I think.
  I can sign off and you guys can just keep talking.
  No, please don't give that away.
  We'll use it.
  It'll be another hour.
  Well, that means that the record remains to be broken.
  Griffin Newman, I challenge you.
  But for now, Eva Anderson,  you survived a truly torturous butchers the ride.
  Oh, guys, thank you so much for having me.
  This was a dream.
  I miss you seeing all your IRL faces,  but I know that as the Prince of Peace,  the Prophet of Peace once told us,  we live in really, what is it, fucked up times?  What does he say?  What is it?  We live in, anyway.
  Well, he told us to not do anything  you haven't fucking done before.
  And I'm incredibly pissed off.
  You know, we're-  You must restore America to its,  we must do what we can to restore America.
  And that includes your hosts.
  And that includes Mike, Scott, Jason, and Eva.
  Down and out.
  All right, now everyone do that like you're a bird.
  That'll do it.
  Thank you for joining us via satellite, Eva.
  Thanks for being our first via satellite guest.
  Thank you everybody for listening and bearing with it.
  And I imagine since you don't,  no one has commutes anymore.
  This took a month and a half to listen to.
  So thanks for recommitting the time.
  This was wonderful.
  I want you to make love, not war.
  I've told you that before.
  Goodbye.
  Bye.
