 Hi everyone.
  This episode was recorded a while ago.
  A simpler time with the only thing we had to worry about was a global pandemic.
  We again want to voice our support for the protests against police brutality going on  across the country and now across the world.
  The other day on Twitter, we linked to bail funds and mutual aid funds.
  There's also links in this episode description to go fund me pages for the family of Breonna  Taylor and Darnella Frazier, who recorded the murder of George Floyd, as well as a group  called Bean that focuses on black mental health and the National Lawyers Guild.
  Thank you for listening.
  Stay safe and once again, black lives matter.
  Ladies and gentlemen, good boys and girls.
  The following podcast is presented with thousands of sparkling tangents and electro podcast  electromagnetic sounds.
  It's the Main Street Electrical Parade on Podcast the Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast the Ride, where if we ever decide to end the podcast, we will do  decades worth of farewell events first.
  I'm Scott Gardner joined by via electro syntho magnetic sound, Mike Carlson.
  Hey, yes, I'm here.
  We will pull a motley crew, a Rolling Stones, a kiss.
  We will threaten to retire, but never do it.
  Exactly.
  We promise.
  And Jason Sheridan is here as well.
  Every time I stop talking, I will end my sentence with I am glowing away forever, and then  I will come back a couple minutes later, probably.
  I think I think it would up the drama of the podcast from this point if we just if we say  podcast the ride is glowing away sometime in the next 15 years.
  So this is your last.
  This is what the episode you're listening to is one of your last chances to experience  the podcast, the ride magic.
  I think that's I really think we should manipulate the audience more.
  I think we should really play with their emotions.
  So I think that's good.
  I think we should actually just do it more aggressively, like threaten to quit, set like  because like Motley Crue just said they were going away forever and they came back and  it's annoying.
  But it also makes a lot of money because people then feel bad and they feel like they have  to see us.
  So from now on, every live show we do is our last show.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  Why not?  No, let's let's up the drama.
  We can Elton John this is Elton John or like I feel like Elton John and Cher do this all  the time.
  Like they're kind of in a perennial.
  They're saying goodbye.
  But maybe they are.
  Elton is really now.
  Elton claims he's really saying goodbye on this last tour.
  I don't know about Cher.
  I'm not sure about her.
  The Who have retired a few times and they've come back.
  There's two of them left.
  So I think it's a common trick.
  I mean, Jay-Z retired.
  I think this is also sort of part of like legend and myth making.
  Michael Jordan retired.
  He's retired twice.
  He came back.
  It's part of like, you know, the legendary return is something like I never thought.
  Oh my God.
  I thought I would never be able to see Jay-Z again.
  I thought he'd never make another album.
  He retired at what, 33 or something.
  Didn't he put out more albums post retirement, quote unquote?  I think that was like a midway point.
  That was so long.
  Was that like, it was like a decade over a decade when the Main Street Parade first?  Yeah, I think it was in 1996.
  Now he's mostly Jay-Z retired.
  Jay-Z said he was retiring in the first track of his first album.
  He's a hedge fund guy now, mostly.
  He's mostly just managing investments now.
  Right.
  You don't retire from that.
  The smart move is to stick with it.
  Sure.
  Yeah.
  So let's get retiring.
  And you know, today's topic, the Main Street Electrical Parade, I remember a very dramatic  run, the first real farewell in 96, where they were selling the bulbs.
  That was a very like, pieces of the Berlin Wall type, own history, make sure you own  a bulb.
  What do we have that would be a legitimate piece of podcast the ride history, but is  also essentially an infinite supply?  The Mason jar water glasses at Mike's house.
  Wait, hey, hey, hey, wait.
  I'm just going to give away glasses at my house?  Yeah.
  What?  Mike's dishware.
  That's infinite supply.
  There's a lot of them.
  There's like, there's like eight.
  There's like eight or twelve.
  You got a couple pallets in there.
  Infinite supply.
  Let's try.
  Well, how many glasses do you have?  How many glasses?  Yeah.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  I a few in the house.
  I'm giving away Jason's ice cream glasses.
  Yeah.
  My ice cream bowl is Mike's glasses.
  Scott's kind bars.
  Infinite supplies.
  Look, in quarantine times, those I'm not I'm not losing a seed of one.
  Not a chocolate chip will be wasted.
  I had as I was saying it, I think I figured out what it actually is.
  Edwin's hair.
  Oh, my God.
  Edwin's shed.
  Oh, my God.
  It's everywhere.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  OK, great.
  So you got plenty.
  But technically, it's not infinite.
  There just is a ton of it.
  So if we find like a nice little way to package that and then send little tufts of Edwin's  hair to our fans so that they can say goodbye to us, because, yeah, it's sometimes in the  next several decades.
  But guess the ride is over.
  It's blowing away forever.
  I have to say selling the bulbs I thought was a very candy move and a ten dollars a  bulb.
  That's a pretty affordable souvenir by Disney standards.
  But it was the 90s.
  It was the night.
  I mean, I think today those are going for, you know, if they if they did it new now,  they'd be like 45 each.
  Oh, and flipped.
  Flipped immediately.
  Yeah.
  Were they actually the bulbs or were they other bulbs made to look like the bulbs?  Do we know?  I don't know that they could have been the bulbs because I think the bulbs were pretty  specific.
  They were definitely weren't just bought at the store because we'll get into the history  of it.
  But at the time, the more popular type of electric bulb of Christmas bulb was like they  were much bigger.
  I saw it described as thumb sized.
  It's like, you know, what's still at my parents house.
  And then at some point, smaller lights came in vogue.
  But at the time they were doing this, they were pretty specifically from Michigan Avenue  in Chicago.
  So like a company gave them the bulbs.
  So truly, that is a little bit historic if you're getting the bulbs from the 70s that  had to be hand dipped before the parade began.
  That's not too bad.
  But I wonder if at this point they just like went and bought a ton of bulbs at Dome Depot  or whatever.
  Yeah.
 And you never you did not own a bulb.
  I never bought a bulb.
  I was definitely very aware of the the first glow away, the first farewell season.
  Right.
 And I wondered if I should have.
  But I never that would have been a apparent pester.
  And I did not do that pester.
  Have we looked on eBay to see what those bulbs might be going for?  No, that's a good move.
  You want to check already on it?  The original 96 bulbs, which in theory could be from the 70s or it's all the biggest scam  they ever pulled.
 I don't know.
  I have to say, I think that's like growing up with it like growing up on the East Coast,  I've been going to Disney World.
  I remember this parade.
  Spectro Magic definitely made a bigger, more upsetting impression in my mind.
  But I think in my head when I was younger, it was like there's always a nighttime light  parade.
 And in fact, this parade inspired by the Electric Water Pageant, which looms  larger in my mind as like a a regular Disney world go where you always had to make a night  of like, oh, we have to make sure we're by the Magic Kingdom or go to the Polynesian  or something and see the Electric Water Pageant boat parade.
  That is a question I had.
  Is it are you guys as steeped in the Main Street Electrical Parade not having Disneyland  as your as your main park?  Well, in nostalgia wise, yeah, it was the doll face.
  Spectro men were more of the thing I remembered because of Disney World, because I never  went to Disneyland.
 So it's more of this parade is more of like myth.
  It's myth to me.
 I've seen it at this point now, the newer, the newest version of it.
  But it was not something directly from my childhood.
  This version we're like focusing on today.
  I forgot that was the case for me.
  My first trip was, I forget, 87 or 88.
  I mean, it's like it might be one of the first things in my life I remember.
  Like I remember my POV and I remember I really loved Pete's Dragon already.
  So seeing the dragon in the parade, I mean, that might have been like the Disney  character I was the most excited to see just because that was the tape I had arbitrarily.
  I'm not as fond of it anymore.
  But truly, I like I remember hearing that first note.
  I remember the vocoder and I remember the dragon going by.
  It's like a really indelible memory from the first Disney trip,  which obviously left a gigantic crater of an impression.
  And I can only imagine people, you know,  people's memories of it from the 70s and 80s.
  I don't know.
  I'm glad it made it to myth point for you, regardless of not having had that  that baby brain moment that I that I had.
  Well, I mean, the music, I think I knew the music before anything else,  because the other thing is every parade samples that music, seemingly  every nighttime parade after it uses snippets of it.
  The Pete's Dragon, especially that one is interesting just because it's probably  one of the more spectacular floats.
  And it's funny because like that was supposed to be a temporary  like movie promotional 70s float that wasn't supposed to be permanent.
  And it just stuck around.
  Yeah, yeah, it's very odd, like a very sign of the times thing  that now is this kind of permanent place that Pete's Dragon has in the parks  that it probably would not have otherwise.
  I don't know that there'd be any representation of Pete's Dragon.
  No.
 Should there be?  I don't know.
  Well, nowadays, kids are all about the live action  Robert Redford starring Pete's Dragon, right?  We're all watching and thinking about that live action version constantly.
  Of course, I definitely remember that Robert Redford was in it.
  I for sure was aware of that before you said it just now.
  Did that come out 10 years ago or last year?  I don't know.
 I'm not sure.
  It could be either.
  The answer really in the nether realm.
  The answer to the bulb question on eBay is that you can get a bulb  for like 30 bucks, 35 bucks.
  OK, 30.
 Yeah, it's not an unreasonable markup, I wouldn't say.
  And it comes in a little like box with that says Main Street  Electrical Parade also with a little like triangle shape.
  So it doesn't seem like it's that hard to come by.
  Some of them are a little more expensive,  but I'm not sure if it's like their special.
  Maybe it was like Pete's like dragon, like the eyeball of the dragon or something.
  That would be a extra expensive bulb, I assume.
  This is from the A in to honor America.
  One of the stripes.
  It's the point of the A.
  It's the peak.
  One of the stars on the stars and stripes.
  One of the states.
  I mean, yeah, that's that's that's crucial.
  Yeah, it represents Tennessee specifically.
  Oh, it's worth a more important 100 grand.
  Yeah, they should have like geo tracked them somehow.
  But I found it so I find it so funny that they did this and they sold all the  but and then just like this thing was back so quickly.
  I feel like it never really went away for that  much time, and it's sort of been in others, been versions in other parks.
  If you guys had would it have been I actually I honestly don't  know this, I should have done this research.
  Was it in Disney World before Spectrum Magic?  Oh, that's a good question.
  I need to the timeline is so confusing to me and I looked at it.
  Jason, you have an answer.
  Yeah, I have.
 The answer is yes.
  It ran in the Magic Kingdom from 77 to 91.
  And then Spectrum Magic  debuted after that, and then it came back to the Magic Kingdom in 99 to 2001  and then came back to the Magic Kingdom from 2010 to 2016.
  Wow.
  Oh, yeah.
 It's I mean, it is like a world tour.
  They start shipping it back and forth.
  Yeah, it is so Paris, Tokyo.
  I mean, they built other versions for it.
  California Adventure, my favorite California Adventure.
  I'll try to hold this up to the camera when they change the drum to say  a California classic like  come on, guys.
  That's a that's a weak tie together for sure.
  A bizarre way to explain why it's there.
  Hey, and you know, it ended up in in Manhattan, too.
  But I'll save that one.
  I mean, that's one of the odder events that is.
  The shit is wild.
  Yeah, really.
  It may have happened.
  We twice.
  Why? Well, we'll see.
  Then we'll hear.
 We'll save it.
  Yeah, let's let's try to go about this in an orderly fashion.
  I mean, like, what do we do?  Should we sort of talk through the history of it?  I mean, Jason, you were talking about the electric water pageant  a little bit, which was its predecessor in in pretty much every way.
  Yeah.
 I mean, this is one where one of my favorite  characters of the the Disney executive board of hunks, Cardwalker, shows up.
  He you know, they were they were debuting the electric water.
  They showed the electric water pageant  a on the seven seas lagoon in the Magic Kingdom.
  And that was really that was another thing that like that wasn't supposed  to last a long time, but everyone liked it.
  So they just kept it around.
  And while they while they showed that there were like Disneyland reps there.
  And I think the company edict was like, hey,  we we need to do some stuff for Disneyland, too.
  We need to have some stuff there.
  It can't just we can't just be throwing everything in Florida.
  So some some.
  Yeah, because it's early 70s.
  Yeah.
 So like all the all company resources are going to Disney World.
  And yeah, and I saw it explained to that they were doing a lot of concerts.
  They were doing quick promotions like that.
  But concerts are ultimately cost prohibitive  and only like some of the guests in the park in a given day can go see it.
  So is there something that everybody can see leading to?  I forget the quote from who, but somebody somebody saying,  why can't we make Main Street our stage?  Why isn't it? Can there be a like a great nighttime moving concert essentially?  This is also like the technology was at the right time.
  Nickel cadmium batteries play a big role.
  Play a big role in this parade.
  These like little portable batteries  that had enough juice to light all this stuff up for one go of the parade  and then get it backstage and recharge it for the second go of the parade.
  That is so insane that they yeah, they could,  because if you've ever seen a parade at Disneyland or in a Magic Kingdom,  yeah, you know it like parade.
  I forget the order, but it'll be like a parade leaves from the small world area,  travels south to Main Street.
  Then there's another parade where it goes backwards.
  And then there I guess that's the order, because then it gets stored up  up north up in the storage area in the northern part of the park.
  So that that's a parade that is entirely about electricity  will not have any electricity if they don't charge every single battery  really, really fast.
  That's like an yeah, it's like I'm trying to think the most power  sucking charging situation where it's like you're running all your apps  on the iPhone at once and like I just ruin the battery after an hour.
  Like it's just it's crazy.
  I really you would think that was like it would just be a panic  once all the parade floats got back there.
  Yeah, yeah, truly.
  And you know, I should say that's that's not how it runs today.
  Right.
 It's just like in its janky 70s,  you know, formation, that's how it had to happen.
  But I I also like seeing the breakdown of what they considered  because, you know, they they like this idea.
  I think, you know, the the electric water pageant  was essentially a mainstream electrical parade, but on barges  like it's going along a lake.
  So presumably there's just big power units like there would be on on any boat.
  But in doing much smaller, more mobile  you know, little floats, how are we going to charge these things?  So there was talk of gas generators, but they make too much noise  and produce too many fumes,  a lot extension cords they went through.
  But they would create trip and fall hazards very true.
  Like where? Yeah, where are extension cords coming from?  The characters would have to run on a giant wheel to power it  like a hamster wheel.
  Cinderella would be running with the mice.
  Every character has one of those radios  that you charge with a hand crank to play.
  Oh, down.
  Everything is out of sync.
  It just sounds like a horrible cacophony.
  They're all just rubbing sticks together, kindling,  trying to create sparks.
  Yeah, they're very, you know, this parade steps.
  There could just be like a train's like a coal based engine on each  each float.
  You have to show characters just shoveling hot coals into an engine.
  You know, we're trying to bring coal back.
  It's tight right now.
  Twenty twenty is the best time to bring coal back.
  And I think Disney is the place to do it.
  Clean coal, clean coal, clean, clean.
  We're going to take it.
  We're going to clean it and then it's going to be clean.
  And then it's clean coal, cleanest of all.
  I mean, to be fair, all the presidents have said the phrase clean coal.
  I don't know why.
  What the hell?  Cinderella is going to take the coal.
  She's going to clean the coal and it's going to be clean coal.
  We understand.
  Just as Disney pivoted during World War two to making  government propaganda and educational films,  Disney during Corona in order to get a financial like bailout  bridge loan has to start making clean coal, like like new ducktails.
  David Tennant Scrooge McDuck has to talk about clean coal.
  It's just a giant five minute ads in every episode.
  But you know, Launchpad is a financial decision.
  They have to take like a train ride and launch was like, gee,  did you know Scrooge, this was a clean coal.
  It's really safe.
  Return to like me could get to work in factories again.
  I think I'm going to go get a job shoveling clean coal.
  Star Wars, the Clone Wars, the final season, the search for clean coal.
  The that's a lot of the delay in Avatar is they're having to shift  the philosophy like unobtainium is out and coal is in.
  The Navi have agreed to this is this is the way of the future.
  And we are going to start building.
  Yeah, you know, fuck these trees.
  Fuck the Hallelujah Mountains.
 Time to drill.
  They no longer fly banshees.
 They roll coal.
  They have the lifted pickup trucks run on coal.
  Joe Rody is now doing the expansion of Avatar land  that's just based around coal and coal mountains,  large mountains full of coal.
  And we first find coal in the myth of Santa Claus.
  And everyone loves Santa Claus.
  Santa Claus is a part of everyone's childhood.
  And, you know, if we can if we can trust him, then we can trust coal.
  Joe Rody has stopped wearing like his trademark, like hat  and vest and stuff, and just now has one of those T-shirts that says like,  don't mess with an Imagineer who was born in February and has a giant earring.
  What?  There was like algorithm T-shirts that are really specific.
  You ever seen those? Probably.
 OK.
  Do you know he was born in February or is that?  No, that's just a guess.
  You don't celebrate Joe Rody's birthday specifically.
 No, no.
  Perhaps we all should.
 Yeah, we should.
  I just watched a  one of these great channels that just uploads every  like piece of promotional material.
  It might be cow missing on YouTube posted  footage of like the announcement of Animal Kingdom when they were still  calling it Wild Animal Kingdom.
  And Rody does a presentation and he looks pretty much like he does today,  except in a very Eisner esque suit, like a double breasted with a big thick tie.
  You know, he really dresses like Bruce Wayne.
  He dresses like Val Kilmer, Bruce Wayne,  but still has the big curly mustache.
  Do you think there was in like towards the end of Michael Eisner's reign, a CEO.
  He wanted everyone to dress like him.
  That's it very much felt to me like if it wasn't enforced on his part,  then he gave Rody unsolicited fashion advice.
  Or like he'd call the Imagineers into the office and he'd be like, look, here's a deal.
  I want to make some changes around here.
  I've ordered a suit in exactly your size.
  It's over sitting in my closet.
  I'd like you to go over and I'd like you to wear this from now on when you're in public.
  You did that to everything.
  There's this thing, Magic Eye.
  All the kids love it.
  I want every tie to have a pattern like Magic Eye.
  I want people to stare at your tie for hours on end  to enjoy the three dimensional spaces on your tie.
  I've invested in all people into doing your bidding.
  If you hypnotize them with the Magic Eye pattern on your tie,  I invested over three billion dollars into a Magic Eye company.
  He spent more time focused on that Magic Eye company  than he did all of California Adventure.
  He should have bought Magic Eye when he was CEO of Disney.
  That's shocking.
  That's shocking.
  Don't have been the Eiger move.
  They're like the Eiger, you know,  all of the biggest properties of the time.
  Should have bought that.
 Should have bought big dog shirts.
  Stussy.
  Big Johnson shirts.
  Please welcome the newest member of the Disney family, pissing Calvin.
  That's an empire.
  Yeah, really.
  They would be unstoppable now.
  I like to praise him, but he missed out on the biggest purchasing opportunities of 96.
  Although the Disney company did put through some, was it Hollywood Pictures?  I think they did put out the Jerky Boys movie.
  Really? Wow.
  I think so.
 I think technically, yes, I believe Jerky Boys is Disney.
  Wow.
 And I was wanting to type Jersey Boys, but that's not right.
  Well, because that's you like that.
  That's the real music back when they made real music.
  Back when we made that sound, our sound.
  Ah, Jerky Boys, the movie  Touchstone, Touchstone Pictures in 95.
  So in the same little run of time, Disney put out Jerky Boys, the movie and its Pat.
  Oh, my God.
 Those are Disney plus now.
  Yeah, I know.
 Really stuck it on board right now as we're recording.
  Yeah.
 Where the hell is that?  Yeah, they got to loosen the standards.
  Come on.
 They're sitting on so many.
  Yes.
 I've never seen the Jerky Boys movie.
  Neither have I.
 As of the time, I was too scandalized by them at the time.
  So like the Jerky Boys could show up in a Star Wars movie.
  Absolutely.
 The dream.
  Or a Marvel movie.
  As could the three ninjas.
  Oh, yeah.
 As could Captain Ron.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 As could Mikey from Life with Mikey.
  Wow.
 They are making as could cabin boy.
  They're making no use of the Touchstone 90s properties.
  Captain Ron should come back.
  And with Castle.
  Yeah, that one's due for the kind of reboot  where everyone forgets that the first one wasn't good.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 No, we're so don't think about it.
  Don't think about it.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's epic.
  Captain Ron is back.
  Kurt Russell is returning to pass the torch to the new generation of captains.
  OMG, epic.
  Three ninjas to three ninjas should come back.
  That's shocking.
  Three ninjas has not been announced.
  Yeah, we're going to get around all these.
  Well, in the post Corona spending spree,  they're just they're just going to cycle through.
  God, they own Kazam.
 Really?  Oh, my God.
  Or it was like a copoly gram was also in.
  Maybe they just distributed it.
  Did they do they own surf ninjas?  Remember surf ninjas?  Probably not.
  It feels very touchstone, however, for them to do three ninjas and surf.
  I know they do not know surf ninjas.
  Might be new line.
  I think it was new line.
  They do the gun in Betty Lou's handbag.
  You know.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  The gun.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Penelope and Miller.
  It took me a second.
  Cathy Moriarty.
 It took me a second.
 Yeah.
  You'll know it when there's a full Disney Plus series about it.
  Anyway, I could look up touchstone pictures all day.
  This is let's put this in the queue to do the full touchstone.
  Yeah.
 So but yeah,  back to the parade everyone loves.
  Yeah, I  though they even so here's another thing that they considered electrifying  the tracks along Main Street like cable car style.
  That's interesting.
  So like they would every flow would have gotten its power from the like what the,  you know, what runs along those?  I guess the the horse carriages or.
  Yeah, the trolley tracks.
  That would have been fine.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Electrified.
  It's not like there is a baseball team  named after the act of dodging electric  sparking trolley cars.
  It's not like.
 Right.
 That's right.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Why did we talk about this before?  Was it because of Dodger Dogs at CityWalk?  I don't remember what spurred this.
  I think I took a double decker bus tour of like the boroughs of New York once  and the very New York tour guide was like, the Dodgers never should have left Brooklyn.
  Even the name was about dodging the trolley cars when they came  careening around the corner.
  Nostalgic for that.
  They got to take the Main Street at Disneyland and put it on a slant.
  Everybody's having to dodge all those cars.
  More dodging at Disneyland.
  More dodging.
  That's what a real city's about.
  They should run those Main Street bugs down at 60 miles an hour.
  Kids got to jump at it away.
  Make those horse trolleys spark like a real trolley.
  And spook those horses before they go out.
  Light off fireworks in front of their face.
  Make them run down Main Street Hill as fast as they can.
  Do a horse race.
 Do a horse race down Main Street.
  Let the people bet on it.
  Let people make money.
  Oh, Disneyland's no fun.
 You can't play the ponies.
  You should be able to play the ponies at Disneyland.
  Most most American entertainment at the turn of the century  was about either startling or confusing horses.
  The fact you can't do that on Main Street is a travesty.
  You got all the fireworks right there.
  Scare them.
 Scare them.
  Scare them!  Scare them.
  Scared a horse.
 The kids will love it.
  Scared a horse.
  We don't advocate for scaring a horse.
  We don't advocate.
  No, that's that's what the character.
  That was that character.
 He was wrong.
  That well-observed Brooklyn-y guy.
  I imagine as we head into this we'll also have some well-observed  Chicago-y guys because a  Chicago company ended up getting hired to build these floats and install the lights and the nyCAD  batteries  Because the creators like liked the specific type of bulb like I said that lit up Michigan Avenue  at night  So they hired a Chicago company to do it great all it because it's like by this point  We're saying, you know, here's the timeline Disney World opens in 71.
 I think it's like  Summer of 72.
 I think it's sometime in 72 that  All right, we're we've announced this parade.
 Hey, not all the fun is in Florida.
 We got fun right here a new electrical parade  It's gonna dazzle you.
 Um, so they start building to this event  That's been set up and then they check in on the Chicago people and they haven't done shit  They just completely dropped the ball or so Disney says yeah, they I mean maybe they have a different story  They might I mean  If you were a Chicago factory worker and Disney caught you having built nothing with two months to go  What would you say?  I don't know.
 I think you could make up a couple different.
 What year was it was the 70s?  70s  What was happening in Chicago in the 70s? I don't know  Hmm.
 I'm just I'm doubting my own ability to do a Chicago accent is what I'm it's just the Bears just do the Bears  You know, I guess that is that that's all you got in the bears.
 That's all you gotta do.
 That's odd  Oh, yeah.
 Well, yeah.
 Well, and it's kind of that acroid.
 It's a little bit of that acroid thing.
 Um  I  It's all right, I'm too busy.
 I'm seeing I'm I can't wait look we got busy  We were seeing all these we were seeing all those shows at the second city.
 I  Would laugh it too much.
 I had to take a sick leave cuz my my ribs my ribs and my stomach hurt from laughing too much  This kid balloon she  Michael O'Donoghue Marone  Yeah  That's a good excuse  Yeah, that'll yes.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, every all these Chicago factory workers were too busy laughing so they didn't get  so Disney had to  Gather up all these floats just yank them away from the company drive them to  LA as fast as humanly possible and finish this parade in like half the time or less than they had  Established to do it assuming it was gonna be taken care of which did require that  So in the initial conception of the parade there were five hundred thousand  White miniature bulbs and they all had to be hand tinted  So they had to hire a bunch of ladies, of course  It had to be ladies who else but ladies could do this dead to dip the bulbs in in all of the colors  Wow, yeah, that's what it's well, it's like a weird.
 That's like ink and paint like the ink and paint gals  I don't know why Disney was convinced that men shouldn't be around paint.
 I guess  That's women's work is painting  Paint fumes are gonna get in anybody's brain men are far too ladies.
 You can't be trusted men around paint  They'll just start drinking it.
 They're far too dumb and crude  That was Walt's concern in the old days and he was right to think it  I'll say this for like in terms of the Chicago company trying to get this parade off the ground  It's not like they had a great inspiration to draw from because the electric water pageant floats  It's well documented that as you said, those are barges covered in chicken wire  Wrapped in lights so kind of rigged up and kind of has never really changed  I mean, I think they've upgraded it a little over the years  But the one night or one week engagement has now been going for decades and decades  But it's not like a technological Marvel.
 What's crazy essentially?  Oh, I was just gonna say what's crazy about it and it's all like the the rush to finish it  And I guess it's actually like the same when it comes to most projects and theme parks  it's like it feels like it's like I have a  Like some sort of project to in school and I'm rushing to finish it the night before and it's just like well  I don't know what we're gonna do.
 I don't know chicken wire and dip it in  like we're just gonna try to piece stuff together like with whatever we have and then  the difference of course being that like  the you know science project I made in high school fell apart like the day of  Me making it well, and then this thing but that's not far from how this played out.
 I wouldn't well, that's true  You know, you're right.
 They've have to reconstruct it.
 Yes.
 I  Mean yeah, it sort of was as janky as like a  volcano for a science seemingly  Less than a week before the debut a third of the floats were not ready  third of them and they and I I think it so then there was like a  Address rehearsal where I let's say let's attempt this  Let's try to get through one pass and they did not get through the one pass  I'm see you guys might have seen different versions of this story.
 I saw that a  Horse fell over a Brooklyn Brooklyn guys dream  Now that's funny that's funny that's like Belushi level funny  The Belushi falls down and the horse falls down  Float crashed into one of the buildings.
 Yeah went off the track on that  And this was I think the night before this is the night right before the very first performance  I feel like I'm forgetting another story.
 I had always heard that they got down Main Street and like died in the hub  Like the  Yeah, the lights turned off costume sparking is a big  Thing a big thing mentioned people just walking around with electric costumes sparking at each other  And I think I think Jason what you just said about that they made it down Main Street and then it went dark in the hub  I think that's that's not the rehearsal.
 I think that's in the that was the first night  That's like what that's as far as they could make it.
 I think yeah a guess and press there and that sort of thing  God which is a testament to how  Just instantly lovable and fun and kooky the thing was that it was like that's a if that happened now  Oh my god, all your all your news today's and your mice chats.
 Everybody's all up in arms  Service furious we'd be roasting the hell out of them  Yeah, but I like that it was that fun just for the like the one block that it made it that like who cares  We love it.
 Yeah, really?  Yeah, it's like I'm trying to think like what is I guess the closest thing in recent history is that float in?  Florida catching fire  The Maleficent Dragon float caught on fire a couple years ago at this point.
 Yeah, it's like the biggest like  Parade fail that I can think of in the last few years, but also that was awesome  Yeah, you're right.
 That was like that was great.
 What especially once you're like you're you're seeing it and you're like  Oh, I hope everyone was okay  Everyone was yes that rules  As long as you can call it then nobody was hurt yeah, that's the coolest thing ever  You know the last minute scrappy nature of this where floats are missing and we're like  you know, I think the other thing about the night that it debuted was that they were like the parade started the first float is  Leaving the station and the last several floats are not done and people are like screwing in bulbs  As it's going at like the parade is in progress and they're still finishing these things.
 I think actually  Oddly the most recent example of something being this janky unless they've just kept it secret from us is  The replacement for the mainstream electrical parade light magic  Which if we haven't said this officially on Twitter or anything  This is a little bit of a two-parter because light magic we're doing an episode about as well  If you don't know about light magic, I'm so excited to share we'll get into it later  but like oddly the whole story with that is  Let's do a super high-tech parade to replace this always janky parade and then that too the floats weren't working  There were major technical problems.
 It wasn't ready to go by the time they'd organized some big event  So like the same thing essentially happened in the 70s in the 90s.
 Yeah, I don't know  I think paint the night which is like really the like realizing that dream of the technologically superior  Parade, I don't know.
 I haven't read about any like big problems with that, but I'm sure there were I wonder if they just keep  Those problems hidden now not problems, but I thought there was supposed to be like that parade in  Japan I feel like there are more  Interactive elements or was there were at one point  Where like people had wands or ears that would light up and would bounce along to the music and I feel like they  Promised something like that for Anaheim and it didn't really happen  We did get remember a new a new  Mix of a classic Al City song.
 We definitely got that for sure.
 Well, of course we did.
 Yes  I am remembering now that I remember reading like mice chat articles about the issues with the paint the night parade  So there were some issues, but I don't know if they were as severe as like they were shooting sparks into the audience or anything  They just like they keep a lid on these things.
 I guess a little better.
 I don't know  But now but they've also leaned into  It's not like Disney hides all these stories of the problems at the Electrical Parade  I think they kind of love these stories now that something as as beloved to Disneyland fans as this parade had such a  like  Crappy messy start.
 Mm-hmm.
 Yeah, that's like it's kind of like adds to like the spunky nature  The can-do spirit of the Main Street Electrical Parade  That's really what it is.
 Yeah  even in all of its  Jankiness and crashing and lighting unfired for the parade  They did have to develop for the first time and now commonly used  System or just like the way parades happen now, which is an automated show control program  Where you know in a street light kind of way a parade a float rolls into an area  Sensors catch it and trigger a new music cue to start right which I don't I don't think had been done  Up until so that there could be like a seamless  Music flow from section to say now the Pinocchio part is starting now.
 The snow white part is starting  Yeah, that was an innovation for this parade that they still have.
 I'm sure it's more Wi-Fi than radio signals  Now but yeah, so there there was a lot of technology going around  Yeah.
 Yeah, pretty cool  Is now the points to talk about the song?  Yeah  Sure.
 I mean it is certainly potentially a final four  That we could do of best theme park music.
 Yes, and I don't want to spoil that but it's so it seems very possible  This could be if not number one then then in the final four.
 Yeah, it's got a hard hard competition with blood on the sand  Blood on the sand from country fairs  I mean it's children's children tap their toes to that rousing number  It's also it's blood on the saddle  But is it is it? Yeah  Okay, it's that the title of your asking Jason.
 I know I know  Right, he says blood in the sand and blood on the sand.
 Oh, yeah, maybe it might be a leader  It's I've looked it up and it's the blood on the saddle it's blood on the song  Is there ever blood on the song lyrics now? Sorry blood.
 Oh, no on the  saddle lyrics  There was blood that's just like a pre-recorded track by Tex Ritter  That's interesting and blood all around and a great big puddle of blood on the ground.
 Oh blood.
 Oh wait  I think there's sand I  Don't know what the blood on the sand is the sequel to the first 50 cent video game  There was 50 cent the 50 cent g unit video game blood in the sand was the sequel to that  You've confused again for a country bears song  Again I mixed up the g unit video games and country bears again  You have to stop so let's let's speak let's test you then who who did the song  Pimp 50 center the country bears Jason.
 I  Feel like that's the number Henry six, right?  Does sound like that I don't blame you at all but it is I will have to say it is 50 cent no  Dillon lose  It is we maybe will eventually do a final four with songs I  Think I think final four is for sure mainstream electrical parade Baroque.
 Oh down of course is the name of it  Really? Oh down.
 Yes, but I think also I think Sinbad is in that final four  That's that's pretty formidable  It's almost like do you have to separate instrumentals and  Lyric songs you have to make those different or they or those are the sides  Maybe this final four is like 32 competitors instead of 16.
 Oh, yeah, and it goes over three episodes  Yeah, yeah, I think we do it really soon because we're bored  Yeah, let's just let's expand why does it have to be 16  Yeah, the next final four will have 128 competitors  From the instrumental conference  phantasmic  The loop that plays inside the ice cream parlor on Main Street on the Gibson girl loop  the droid rooms from start to search  This is good we should do this  But yes the very possible winner  Baroque oh down which I'm so excited to talk about because it is the  Synthesis of two great loves of mine Disneyland and old synthesizer bullshit.
 Mm-hmm  There's a real chicken of the egg with me  Do I like this parade so much because it is so synthy or do I like synth bullshit because of this parade?  Is there any way to know I?  Don't know I think it's all like so as I said  I truly do remember hearing the first note and the vocoder is a three-year-old  So it feels like so tied into my psyche at this point  Right many I mean many classic movies  I like had some sort of presence at MGM studios  like that was my exposure and then I would go to video stores and  if I saw stuff I would rent it or if I like I would hunt it down because like  Oh, yes singing in the rain.
 That's in MGM studios a lot.
 I should watch that and it's if you  naturally prefer  Desserts and treats that are shaped like Mickey Mouse  That's probably because of theme parks that well, that's true.
 Yeah, probably  Could be from some others or maybe just like three circles together  But no, I have so many of those things where you really decades after the fact  Like oh wait do I at the end of the day like this because of  Because of Disney stuff when I was four years old.
 Mm-hmm.
 Yeah, the answer is probably usually yes  For with almost everything.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I mean, it's certainly why I like  hotel lobbies and musaq and yeah, sure  Do you know wonderful texture? How hard do you go on?  Knowing about the synths in the songs in the song.
 Excuse me.
 Um, I  Don't I certainly don't know what was played when I look at like I've seen a list of what  Was used on it.
 I'm no look.
 I'm not actually a musician or a gear yet  But I know when I see words like prophet five, I know we're in I know we're in a good territory  I know what makes the sounds that I like and the list is pretty good  It's a pretty robust list of like 12 like great old analog since that were used on this thing  Do you I don't want to put you on the spot here  Do you have like a just a little bit of a vague like I know this is my favorite old synth  ooh, um, I don't I own a  This is a pretty different area, but but I bought off a craigslist a whirlitzer electric  Oh, which is this great like tan keyboard.
 That's what the Carpenter's played.
 It's on Queen  You're my best friend.
 It's on  It's the super tramp it's the logical song keyboard so that that's that's kind of different from  You know this like Moog area, but yeah, that's that's one.
 I'm especially fond of yeah, that's good  I don't go I don't know the tech spec.
 I don't know the stuff about since specifically  I'm a fan of the sounds I have like logic on the computer which has you know hundreds of synth  Pads you can use for your MIDI keyboard  Sure sure oh and we should say I mean the certainly the theme song of our show is very much inspired by  Yes, the major electrical breath.
 Yes, it is  It also it's I don't know it was kind of an accident that when I was when I was putting the thing together  I realized the song together.
 I realized that the opening and the drum is kind of like the opening to the  Disney sing-along tapes  Yes, yes totally the rhythm of  So it's a little bit of a combo of both of those things  Yeah, I  Remember well, that's a little like connecting the dots  I feel like you know we put out like five of these things and then maybe I realized oh, you know what?  That's kind of like yeah, that's a that's a cool little nod you did  I'm not sure if even maybe even new listeners don't realize you did the theme song  That's not so if we were at we should we is that something we should say in every episode like in that end screen  Should we credit you for the song and Aaron my wife for the art I  Mean, I don't know we don't have to say it.
 I don't know  I it's not like it's not like I'm seeing it attributed to like some sort of old composer on the internet or anything  It's not being wrongly it's not being attributed to these guys to Perry Kingsley  podcast theme unknown written by  Unknown  Public domain no way to know it's a it's a Shakespeare situation  Yeah, there was one person or 200 people and I don't know.
 Yeah.
 Do you ever you know what?  Oh, so good.
 I was gonna say do you have the artist name of Baroque?  Oh down because that was just a song that was not a Disney made song that was like  Yes a song they brought in seemingly or originally for inspiration  And we're like, well, let's just license this and now and at some point they did buy it Disney now owns Baroque  O'Down.
 Oh, is that right?  Yeah, I didn't realize that others but the person who discovered it  I know is Jack Wagner often called the voice of Disneyland or Disney World.
 Yeah  This is an insane if it's true  although I think I feel like I've seen different sources because I've seen that Baroque O'Down was maybe used in the electrical water pageants  Which maybe he found it for that too  But what but certainly there's multiple Disney stories attributing it to this guy Jack Wagner there were they were talking about  What is the score of this parade? Is it Fantasia music?  And then he said it just doesn't fit the or because the orchestral doesn't work with this for me  It may be it's a weird keyboard thing and I have records that are like this and he went and found  This record by Jean-Jacques Perry and Gershon Kingsley and that became the score but Jack Wagner if you don't know is the guy  I mean, he's mainly known for remain seated, please  permanecer sentados por favor and  He is he's the vocoder voice at the beginning of the parade he is the like, yeah ladies and gentlemen boys and girls  Bonkers so that got like the the texture this guy added to the park in general with his voice  But also that he picked this song and is the vocoder.
 What what an MVP legend  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah a literal Disney legend and  Probably a ptr legend to Perry you did say Perry and Kingsley was there a re in Kingsley so  Jean-Jacques Perry Gershon Kingsley  They I mean I I found that this was some connecting the dots that freaked me out in high school  Realizing that because they made this cool this really amazing record called the in sound from way out  Which is a weird kooky record from 66 of blippy bloopy keyboard music  That same title was and the cover were used by the Beastie Boys for an instrumental album  They you like borrow or whatever you want to call it the same that that phrase which is very cool  But this is from an album called the kaleidoscopic vibrations  Gershon Kingsley also did a similar like early synth song called popcorn  Which you'd know it from the melody which is that?  Bimp bump bump on a bump bump bump bump on a bump that feels like one of those songs like you know  But you don't know where it's from unless you guys don't is it in Tetra.
 Don't they use it in Tetris or something?  God, maybe my wrong.
 It's like I'm not sure my I don't know where song I'll look it up popcorn  I don't know where popcorn is is from but it's definitely it's just one of those like yeah, what is that?  That's some like 60s novelty thing and I don't know who made it.
 It was one of these guys  I think I believe it's used in Tetris  Uh, yes Tetris, yeah, it's in Tetris really a theme Tetris eating popcorn remade I think  Huh?  Yeah Tetris popcorn instrumental.
 Yeah.
 Oh  Geez Wow fuck  Yeah, so these guys like clearly like yeah like major figures in the history of synth music  Some of the first people ever to use a Moog synthesizer in any regard  And what I love about all this stuff so much is that I was I was trying to figure out like what's important about Moog  keyboard specifically and  You know a lot of it is like technical stuff  That's kind of above my head  But I think the main thing is that early keyboards were trying to sound like other things like can we get this?  You know electronic machine to sound like a piano or like an organ or like an orchestra or something  Like I think early keyboard stuff was like, how do we make sure we never have to hire an orchestra again?  can we get a machine to sound like an orchestra and  Robert Moog with his early keyboards said what if it's not trying to sound like other things?  What if we embrace the the art of fists in the electronic nature and they'll just be like these bizarre sounding things  They'll just sound totally kooky and weird and Perry and Kingsley were two of the first musicians to say that's great  Let's like twist all these dials and get bizarre sounds out of these machines, which is totally  What the parade is like every little every different little here's the deep one  Boop boop boop and here's like if you listen to their original recording all that character is in there  like and it's just amazing how much like  It's indelible now you like think of all these bugs and these little like kooky characters and their soundtrack was like  Just like inherent in this unrelated song made in 67  Yeah, that is very interesting how perfect that ends up being  I mean, I'm sure there's obviously there's a million different ways to you know, make creative decisions  But it does feel like it was completely written for this  It fits perfectly like a parade  It was completely like parade music already even though that wasn't the purpose of it and the original track is not that  Different from what they use in the parade like if you yeah, they re-recorded it  Yeah, but it's yeah, it's pretty it's pretty right on like down to that  Like that opening drone and that real wild pitch bends like boom  It's so great.
 It's so great.
 I think what I was saying was like that  The bizarre character of those old keyboards is the parade too.
 It's like  Weird and janky and kooky and of its era, but that's what everybody  Loves about it.
 I don't know.
 This thing is like it's like the mystery electrical parade isn't inherently a  Retro thing.
 I don't think that's why people love it, but there's certainly that  Error to it.
 It's like it's like so part of the DNA and I love that  Disney has something that's so of its time in so many ways.
 Yeah, because it's not retro  It's also not like retro Disneyland in the way that  You're like opening day Disneyland stuff is  It's retro in the way we I think talk a lot of on the show we like is like 70s and 80s retro Disney  That like is the I mean and obviously you Scott, you know what I'm talking about more than anyone but like the retro future  That's what it feels like  I mean since since in general have such character to them and and I think as a kid  Whether you knew it or not you were like thinking that this is the music of the future  This is suggesting just hearing a synth is like you're thinking about like robots and you're thinking about some crazy  technological like  Society like well, I got you couldn't I probably couldn't articulate it at 10  But if I heard those noises and beeps it was like whoa, this feels like some crazy cool like hundred years from now  It really as a kid you cannot process what these sounds are  You like don't like I don't know what this is but it is different and I want to hear more of this and I'm sure  this parade factors into the why like I  Probably the vast majority of music I listen to has some synth component.
 I bet that's that's true for you to some extent, too  It's just I don't yeah the just the texture these there's I provide as cool as hell  I was working on something yesterday and I was like I should see what synths they have in logic and there I  Was just saying there's like hundreds and I just go through each one and just like run my hands up and down the keyboard  Because it's so satisfying to hear these bizarre  Robot sounds that are in there.
 It's like which when you call me  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
 Oh my god, just putting your hand on a key.
 How cool it feels instantly  and that's what the fact that these early synth guys were such like they were combo musicians and  Scientists like they worked in laboratories literally  And some of the early ones like it took an entire room to play it and I think the Moog  What this stuff is played on were some of the first keyboards that could actually you could pick up and take somewhere else  They weren't stuck in a laboratory.
 Yes, it really it's honestly it makes too much sense that these were scientists  Because there's something like so beautifully artificial and clinical and scientific about the sound as well  I mean that in a good way.
 Yeah  It's like what's kind of like it can be like a lot of them can be like kind of almost like cold sterile sounds  But there's something there's something beautiful about that too, isn't there?  Well, and it's funny it's still like I did this ever not feel current like when we were in  Orlando and I was staying at Universal I was walking around like  the the  City walking by the hotels like after the parks had closed but horror nights had started and the soundtrack of horror nights in  2019 was all like synthy  Like spooky like it I found like a playlist  I don't know was official or not on Spotify and it's all like a mix of weird horror music and like  Synthy like club music and stuff and I was just walking by I was like that sounds cool  Should I just should I go in should I should have gone in I should have bought a debt  But just standing outside it's like wow that seems like a cool party  Yeah, it's like I mean obviously like I think everything comes back into stint of vogue or whatever  But like stranger things has that very synthy  Synthy song we just watch good time for the first time a couple of oh, yeah  And obviously the Safdies love this this synth  They love using it to make you feel just constant dread  They love I mean like it follows like there's always like every year  There's some new thing that feels like the future by using a lot of synths like it'll never not be the future  This is what I'm saying.
 We always come back to this about Tomorrowland and Epcot like just there's no new future  It's still like it's it's still neon and since that will always be it's like a future that will never come  Getting out of date.
 What's that deep neon blue always the future? Yes.
 Yes  Color schemes of Tron legacy how to correct probably the digital thing  Maybe one of the things that is age the best in terms of like the look of the odds and 2010s  I can't remember the actual movie myself, but just like that blow glowing  Greenish blue is like yeah, that still works still like that  Yeah, and Daft Punk always feels like future music despite always nodding to 60s and 70s music  Tron the music by Wendy Carlos who also did a lot of these early experimental like a peer of Gershon  Kingsley and John Jack Perry with her switched on Bach  Records those were like also make a mix of experimental or and also fun and weird to listen to  Which that was yeah a lot of these early records were like  What if we took classical music and played them through these weird keyboards?  And in fact the guy who ultimately played the Disney version, I believe Don Dorsey is his name  The guy who made the new burro co-down for Disney in the 70s  He also put out an album in the 80s called Bach busters  And it has a cover that is delightful to look up where a guy playing Bach is like  Running somewhere or from something while holding a big keytar  Check out Bach busters  Do you have a keytar Scott? No, um, I only the the one that came with rock band.
 Oh, right  Technically I do have a little what do I have it says it a mini move I forget  but  also interesting about all this that John Jack Perry  Went to Disneyland in 1980 and saw the parade and this just started playing and he didn't know that his music was in the parade  Until that moment.
 Wow just started.
 Yeah bonkers like it was because it was run by the publishers  Disney didn't rip him off.
 He was making money from it.
 Right? Just they just like never  alerted him so he's just in the park and hears that his  Notes start and it freaks him out, but it made him very happy and kind of never  Stops cuz I don't know if we've said yet  like this is the backbone of the soundtrack of the parade and then as the radio cues like as  the floats cue the different music cues  Like electric versions of like Alice in Wonderland or and and the other songs kind of play on top of this  We're like mix that is a really bonkers thing about it that it was this other track that Disney didn't make and yet  It was the base that all of their melodies go on top of the fact that it worked as like a starting point  And now we'll do all the classic Disney songs and that they all fit.
 It's never like anachronistic  It's so crazy and probably helped make them a little more current at the time like bring them back into people's minds  Yeah, I mean they were re-releasing those movies every other month still but you know  Very merry on birthday is probably my favorite within that it's such a fits so perfectly in that particular variety of  Flake weird deep  That that one fits the best for me and that might be my favorite little musical stint  That's probably right cuz like the movie is a nightmare  Movie is a nightmare  Or like a  Psychedelic surreal I should say it's psychedelic more than a nightmare  I mean the movie is a nightmare, but that's not what we like about on birthday sure sure  Maybe it's time to start  You know we should maybe start talking about sections of the parade and floats and stuff  But just real quick before in the music section.
 I one thing I think is awesome  John Jack Perry Gershon Kingsley were both born in the 1920s, but they only died pretty recently  like Perry died in  2016 Kingsley died last year these guys made it so long  And when John Jack Perry died a relative said  No one should be sad  There's nothing he would want more than for his fans to be playing his crazy funny catchy moog music and smiling instead of being sad  He was the happiest guy so listen to his music and smile.
 He seems like the coolest  And this for you can watch footage of him not from not that long ago at the knitting factory playing Baroque  Oh down how audience goes bonkers?  Well watching him actually play the complicated parts of it so cool these guys are great  Maybe very happy to talk about these guys.
 Yeah, did you ever think about did you know you could see him live?  Did you ever think about it? Oh  Yeah, I don't hmm.
 I mean I was out my radar  Yeah, no not really  nor have I I've made no effort to see marauder probably the the biggest  you know the  Most looming I quote my own thing Lord of synth  I was gonna say there and we plug Lords of synth can somebody watch that Scott made a very funny  Was it a short I guess you call it  Adult swim special it was a 4 a.
m.
 Special yes if you're interested in  synth and Lords and  Synth patchwork and that kind of thing  Please check out Lords of synths one of my favorite things that urban  Part of many past guests of the show on a part of it too, and yeah, it's it's great Perry and Kingsley not  reflected in it, but  Yeah, hey, it was it was so fun.
 I still can't believe it happened  Where is it available?  Just on YouTube for free okay? Wow isn't that insane? Yeah?  It's it's funny that works out  So many people have told me they like Lords of synth it because they saw it because they got to see it  It was not some weird paywall, so yeah go to YouTube look up words of synth.
 I'm very proud of it  Yeah, check it out  Yeah, so let's get back to the actual I guess parade  Yeah, yeah, what are what part what parts do we like what?  What's what are what are highlights in your your guys mine? I mean they're all kind of highlights  I always think about like goofy sitting on one of those balls  Mm-hmm, I don't know why that comes to mind  I mean the I think the Kings are the two turtles that hat turtle glasses turtle  Like I was trying to figure out if they have names, and I think via eBay at least if the eBay  Listings for like models of them you can get are accurate  And I think their names are lightning bug and twinkling turtle wonderful how twinkling turtle I have the  I have the Park Star  Turtle oh  That's great.
 Yeah, I have that one look at that  That's about that's a that's a top-notch Park Star that I guess is twinkling turtle that is twinkling turtle.
 Yes  I have twinkling turtle.
 Hi.
 That's there's maybe a disconnect for me that he's yeah high in the parade  I didn't know he was wearing a tie until I got the toy.
 He's wearing a tie the ones got a jaunty hat  I like the snails too both the snails are great  Yeah, snails and ladybug and if you had to pick something to do in this parade  It would be hard to resist  Driving one of these things around oh yeah, that would be spinning.
 Oh goddamn cool spinning that thing.
 Are you kidding me?  I would have a ball spinning that turtle I  was thinking in the way that  These are this the music's done on weird janky synthesizers the parade is chicken wire and chaos and the way the fact that these  There's such a human element to the way those things move around and spin around it is  You know it's not like perfect motion controlled rise of the resistance  It's weird and wonky and you can see the like antenna  No shake back and forth and you can imagine one of them driving into the crowd if they weren't careful  It's not that everything in theme parks has to be  Janky like these things are I just love that there's both.
 I love that.
 There's like the highest technology and  You know weird rickety technology, too  There's a human element to the turtle spinning flick flailing wildly in a seemingly dangerous way  And it would be so fun all right not to hit people  But if you lined up a bunch of like dummies a bunch of crass crash test dummies  Along Main Street, and then just got to like plow through a row of 20.
 Oh, just nail them.
 Yeah  Yeah  Like for giant bowling pins oh  Yeah, yeah, oh my god right in the middle of me.
 Oh, yeah, I'm down  See if you can see if you can get them all with that initial impact right  Hell yeah, I was gonna say I love the when dopey is driving the minecart with the diamonds or the jewels I should say  Yeah, that is a child of course the jewels and in Snow White and they perfectly  Made them as attractive as they were and the new minecart  coaster and I say new it's five years old, but the new ish minecart coaster and  When you see those jewels when you see those rubies and sapphires, I you know that's a nostalgic  thing for me  Gotta give it up for the fancy mice the waltzing mice that are all electrified  One of the top uses of the fancy Cinderella mice which is my wife Aaron loves very much  I don't know what it I never asked her to  Explain what it is exactly I?  They their heads are just so giant and they look so  Stupid they just look like such daft characters, but in a little tricorder hat.
 It's like they're trying so hard  It's like Homer putting on a tie  To be mildly impressive at work.
 That's that's how it feels like these dumb creatures are trying to look I dressed up  I'm doing a good job  About dressing up  I was noticing when I was watching the video that like the seven dwarfs have on like gold pants  Or like so like shiny pants like happy has gold pants and then like one of them just has like maybe purple pants  But they're shiny they're like dressed like the Rolling Stones or something  Like they're like they're like aging rocker kind of cool leather pants that are colorful  Which I really like it's like I don't know that it reads so well to people like I don't know you could tell  Necessarily, but maybe maybe it's something you subconsciously realize that happy's pants are gold  Yeah, and it's sort of like refracting light right some way here.
 You're noticing it in some regard the  We you know we should we should talk about the costumes the fact that all these costumes are electrified  And how insane that must have been in the 70s it did light people on fire the first time they tried it  But not so much anymore, and I it's it's very complicated with late to there  I think there's battery packs like in wigs often.
 Yeah, that's where they're hiding a  battery pack in a wig  Yeah, it's very cool  Some of very Liberace is what it is  Liberace he must have loved the Main Street Electrical Parade I hope he got to see it.
 Oh my god  There'd be no better audience  Oh my gosh  He would have been the like if he ever like could just like have joined the parade on one of the floats and played piano  on top  That might be the greatest thing I'd ever seen like this one like this big mouth  Yeah, it's like the mouth the big pleasure island.
 That's gone.
 I think from recent versions  Is that right or is that still there? That's there isn't it? I?  Saw it.
 I watched a video of them  Building it in one of the side like really rebuilding it and rebulbing it  In one of the like former parking lots at California Adventure like what's probably Cars Land now  They were like the parking lot was clear, and they're like putting you know they're putting the thing back together  It's kind of fascinating footage  I think it was a Martin's vids, but I know that face was in that okay  It was at least still around in the it's I'm looking at it in 2017 in the faces there.
 Oh all right  Some stuff is coming going though right like there was rescuers stuff.
 I think at some point I  Didn't see that I believe it  Yeah, there's a on the Pinocchio front  There was a big underwater section, so there was more Pinocchio  Which includes when you wish upon a star as the score which I forget if the other part had that  But there's a bunch of seahorses.
 There's a huge monstro.
 That's spouting and Gepetto's boat is in its mouth  And even Gepetto's there like he's about to get eaten or like he's just getting spit out.
 I don't know what moment we're seeing  But it was it was really cool like I could only find an old grainy video  But it was I don't know I don't know why they took this one out.
 It's super cool  Yeah, there's a lot of it's like I'm interested in yeah, if there's like some sort of resource that we're missing that has like every single  Little change and all the different versions.
 I mean there is a lot of there's a lot of documentation of it  But yeah the Disney fandom that it has a full list of floats  I don't know what was running at any given time and obviously  internationally they  Do not have the to honor America  section oh  Right yes is yes  To honor America yeah very interesting that's that's a very of its era thing too  It wasn't there for the bicentennial it was a couple years late, but it still feels like it was part of  bicentennial mania  Yeah  It is 77 it seems like it got an or 77 when it debuted  I have 77 as an important year and 84 as an important year  I think a lot of what we think of the parade as comes from 84  77 was the opening excuse me  so much so supposedly that I read that um  You know as fond as we are of it like some of what we a lot of what we love might be from those years  That you said and those refurbishments because Disney apparently likes to keep photos of the original on lockdown  Like it looks so bad in the early 70  It must have been like the you know the weird first season of mystery science theater where the robots are falling apart  It's not like the the still janky, but charming version  We know I think like Disney does not want you to know how bad it was in 72  yes, they want I mean because with any of this stuff with any of the Disney stuff like  What happens is is that your brain remembers the newest version of it?  Yeah, so it's like unless something was drastically different like in my mind.
 I saw this version  Forever this is the like the new verse the newish version like which I haven't seen I guess we saw Scott  I know we went to see it in 2017  It was one of the best Disneyland visits.
 So what a great one  Yeah, we went to blue bayou because we had to buy the pig package and then like you got a prime viewing spot for the  New per the new viewing of the parade  and a blue bayou dessert of  One of the bugs.
 Oh, yeah, I finally forgot about that.
 I have probably have a photo of that somewhere  Yep, which which we ate while in the wind that somebody checked their phone and said la-la land won the Oscar tonight  Yes, we had that dessert in the window where it was not yet clear that  it ended up being moonlight and had watched the  Oscars in the great moments with mr.
 Lincoln for a few  Awards, I believe right.
 That's the day.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's a fine ABC  production so they  some great cross-company synergy  So watching the Oscars in the Lincoln Theatre, so so great I got they got to do that kind of thing more  Can we just like we just watch you know, what would you do?  Um, oh, yeah.
 Yes bachelor in paradise from from the Lincoln shutting down  Yeah shutting down the Lincoln Theatre early to watch like all in the family live  My only complaint about it was that they should have like lifted up the screen to see Lincoln once in a while while we were  watching  He should have watched along and nodded and laughs and right  Made caddy comments about what the what the celebrities were wearing.
 Mm-hmm  Yeah, and then they like in between instead of showing I was always just you know, Joan Rivers style  Snipping and snipe course.
 Yeah, I was gonna say instead of commercials.
 They should have displayed two brothers  On the screen  Just we cute we got it queued up for you.
 We know what shit like it's  Just the highlights here.
 Yeah  But yeah, I don't think Abe has a queued up and uses it to play off people whose speeches are too long  Yeah, two brothers should be this probably some commercial campaign that is begging to use two brothers like one of these  What's the there's some commercial about where like the different?  The KitKat factory and like the  The brothers split into different  Lefts lefts and rights left wicks right wicks.
 Yeah.
 Oh, it's Twix.
 It's not okay  No, KitKat is a strong strong bond.
 You need all those all of those wafers  KitKat is a strong bond KitKat is a strong bond meet me familiar salute  Or maybe it should be like Coke or Pepsi should buy it and  imply that the other that their competitor is the Confederacy of  Sodas is blue  so coke  Would be  Yeah, yeah, I'm not sure the I gotta chart the math on this but it's it's dying it's you could change the colors.
 Yeah  Any products that doesn't have a catchy jingle right now  Two brothers is sitting right there waiting for you to grab it looking at you La Croix  Maybe honestly, maybe there is a synth version of two brothers that could be made  Like a well, that's the yeah  Maybe they yeah, they got to appeal to the you know, all the the hardcore American adventure fans out there  And yeah, they got they should do it in the middle of to honor America a Civil War  Section with lit up electric versions of the family and then the brother who dies goes dark  Oh, yeah, dragon.
 Yes, they  We've talked about mashups before they should start mashing up Disney properties like this  Yeah, yeah, I so it's like you're going from did it intend to do and ding ding ding ding ding ding ding  Ding ding ding ding and then  Right and then Ben Franklin and Mark Twain could be wearing gold pants  And they shake hands and then spark yes  That would be really great spark of American Brotherhood  I  Was saying but to honor America  I mean, it's like I I don't mind that it's fun  but what I didn't realize is that before that the  finale of this parade  was a huge section with  where characters were in like I  Got to describe them as like crystals essentially.
 It was like  like glass rectangle it was it was a mix of like  Glass and mirrors and the characters were done in neon and they spun  I got to show you guys this if you haven't seen I found like a really crappy old video of it  It was like it  I mean it looks like Logan's runners and a do or so like I it made me so mad that that's not the finale  Anymore it was like this the sleaziest Vegas mirror on the ceiling vibe  Um that was like a truly amazing finale before  It was like yeah real real grimy and cokey.
 I loved it.
 Hmm.
 Yeah, that's great  That's like that sounds bad.
 I mean bad in a good way.
 Sometimes it's good.
 Sometimes it feels good to be bad though  It looks to me like the only the silhouette that I remember seeing was was Pinocchio  So seeing like a neon silhouette of Pinocchio in a revolving  mirrored cube and it felt like what would be at the entrance if  Pinocchio opened a strip club  Which he could have I mean he was on the Pleasure Island  If he had liked Pleasure Island more you could see him opening up a strip club for sure  It might have planted the sea if he didn't quite learn his lesson, yeah, he might have opened  a  rural Italy's  hottest strip club  He could have turned into like a he could have turned into whole like wooden Bob Gucci Oni type  Well, if you know if it was him doing the stripping  Like if he grew, you know now that he's real he grows up gets buff  He's like Chippendale style and the club is called real boys  Hmm  You choked on that idea it's just the name they're all of a you only strip club they're all of a sorry I  Was joking on how much money we're gonna make on that idea  Yeah, well, I mean we've we've already got to make the two brothers burrow codown mash  We are known you know what I'd like to officially formally  Suggest that the listeners stop calling us good boys and start calling us real boys  No  No now now my choking is started  Well, we keep it real here on podcast.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that's why we're the real boys the real boys  Yeah, that's that's it.
 Oh  No now I'm so now I'm upset I brought up the  Revolving mirror cubes.
 It's your fault.
 Am I gonna just let it die? I'm like Peter Pan.
 These boys are all grown up  Worse worse, but it's good worse, but it's good  Sometimes sometimes it's it's it's good to be worse  As we also talk about lost floats did you guys catch the  1985 and 1985 only  film tie-in float oh  I saw don't tell me just cuz I'm gonna I have I have so many tabs open  Is 85 the great mountain?  Oh, yeah, I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry  I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry  I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry  Is 85 the great mouse detective  That is the year but not the okay  It's real it's we'd never think of it return to oh, oh, yeah, I miss it was a return  Miss this look up pictures look up pictures Wow bunkers  I'm very excited about this.
 I can't believe I didn't see this.
 Whoa  It's a it's similar in it's it's not unlike them I think mirrors were also deployed in I don't know why they aren't using  mirrors more often  It looks pretty looks pretty good  And also very like casino sleazy Biff Tannen's pleasure palace really does yeah  Yeah, this is not that far off from some of the original MGM grant  Oz  stuff I feel like  Well, do you yeah, it's a lot like that absolutely did you read about the incident  The incident oh is that on some is is it is it written in a way that is sort of?  Weird and misspelled well, I'll read it.
 You know I haven't proofread it.
 I'm just gonna read this sentence  I'm not gonna look at it again here  We'll see what it is the float that we're talking about return to Oz float the float barely lasted a single summer as the reflective  Mirrors suffered this floats fate as it caught fire and was completely destroyed  That's better written than what I read what I read I didn't believe because it was so typo  so the you're saying that the  The lights like refracted around the mirrors and it caused the thing to overheat  It sounds like it was cursed glare that it sounds like there was a curse or something  It burned itself down for the insurance money  That's what I'm getting it.
 Yeah, I  Were there care where their characters  From the movie walking around do we have any  They were on the float there was a Dorothy and there was a guy here if you google google image means your electrical parade returned  Oz you'll see it  There's that the the pumpkin head guy.
 I don't know who that is pumpkin head one of the jack pumpkin.
 I believe that's his name  And I see I  Dorothy is holding a chicken  Huh, is it a real chicken that a fake chicken? I?  Cannot tell from these there's a decent video of it  Um, I was looking for tick-tock  But tick-tock is my favorite character from return to Oz  He was sort of the round like copper I assume copper robot guy do you know him do you know I'm talking about I  Have never seen this film really still to childhood scared of this film.
 Oh, we got it.
 We got to do it.
 I  Haven't seen it in quarantine.
 We got to do it.
 Oh  Is it on  believe so  Okay, it looks like it is yeah, yeah, oh, yeah, I'm scared of it now  You should be currently scared while looking at it.
 You should be scared  There's a ton of Oz books like these are not characters made out of whole cloth  I believe like these are from the the bomb.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, those are from the books.
 Yeah  I think it's some ways return to Oz is a little more like the books than the the Judy Garland version.
 I  Think I always hate that whenever anything is quote more like the books.
 I always think it's worse  I believe I'm in point Willy Wonka  I'm not what I know jack pumpkin head plays a big part in the continuing books  Oh, yeah, I'm not saying return us is better than the classic Wizard of Oz.
 I'm just saying sure  it's like more it's interesting because it's more like  horrifying  Yeah, well I'd like to think that  In my mid-30s, I would not watch this film and be scared  But maybe I think I think maybe I'm gonna try to get Lindsey to watch it tonight with me  We've watched it.
 We watched it years ago, I think  Oof I'm getting a real my my never-ending story  Jeans or  Getting lit up here.
 I'm I am I never ending story phobia is kicking in.
 I look I feel like I  Know exactly what you're saying  And I think there's a sense you'll get a sense of accomplishment though when you do it because I've been trying to do that  Here and there with other movies.
 I've died the scariest one of course being Hellraiser  No, yes, where I watched Hellraiser because I was like, you know, you'd see the VHS  Copy of it sitting a blockbuster and just go  Never never how why why would I do it who likes it why  and then I was like, you know what let's try it and  There's some interesting stuff in it.
 It's a lot of like hooks going through skin  I don't necessarily need to see hooks going through skin, but the return Oz is so much less  Gross than that.
 It's but there is one thing that is so traumatic in my mind about return to Oz that I think you might know  You might know it's not gonna be that traumatic though for you now, but as a kid as a kid I saw it  That's why it's traumatic for me  I'm looking at pictures of the gnome king and I don't like this guy at all  You're not gonna like a lot of the characters.
 I really think I'm going to hate all of the characters.
 I think  Griffin Newman and on blank check I think nodded to this when they were talking about silence of the lambs  But I think in my head  It's just that that that one poster of silence of the lambs where them there's them like the moth is on her mouth  Yes, like I think I thought it was hellraiser  I think I thought it was like a movie about a villain who like puts a moth on your mouth who changes your  mouth into a moth  Or the or that I didn't know what it was when I was six  So maybe I thought Jodie Foster was like some kind of moth Queen.
 Well, she'd spit moths  I think that's because I think maybe I thought it was like the fly.
 Oh  Yeah, cuz I had seen cuz my friend Luke would his parents let him watch our rated movies  Am I it was that like I was like forbidden from it, but we just never saw it  So I thought that I couldn't see our rated movies.
 So I didn't really see our rated movies until I was in my like mid teens  Sure  So they felt like they felt like truly I would I might like I  Might die if I see an R-rated movie before I was ready.
 I  Yeah, I think I thought every one of these movies if you put it on would just be like plotless and it's just like  People getting like whipped and tortured and torn apart on a rack for 90 straight minutes.
 Well now there's no stories.
 There's no characters.
 It's just  Yes, from what I know of hellraiser.
 There is a lot of that, right?  I mean you go beyond the world hellraiser of hellraiser is a lot of pleasure and pain  There's a lot of again close-ups of skin  With a hook going through it and like tearing the skin  You're like, well, this is actually closer to what I maybe thought it was than some of the other movies where I went  Oh, this is fine.
 This isn't that bad, but hell raisers pretty intense  But not without some interesting not without some interesting things in it  Hmm.
 Hmm.
 Well, maybe it's time.
 Let's face our fears.
 You watched the scariest movie hellraiser  I'll watch the scariest movie returned which is rated PG.
 I think  Bullshit I hate this rating.
 I think you scary.
 She's scary for 34 year olds.
 Yeah  Here let's get back on the ground of some let's let's go to the opposite of  Let's go back go way more pleasant than this  Our our pal the dragon our else I have to make sure to say Elliot the dragon not it's one of those Frankenstein  Things I think I still even though the title is Pete's dragon.
 I still look at him and I think oh look there's Pete  I also know that's not right.
 I also think that  Yeah, yeah  I mean like truly special to me in a way.
 I can't further explain than I already did.
 I just try really  Remember seeing this for when I was three years old and boy it just it made my heart glow  I could not be more earnest in my affection for this thing and I I don't think I'm alone in that  Yeah, I don't know.
 I know I have never seen the original Pete's dragon, which might be blasphemous  And it's not because I was scared of it or anything.
 I just have never seen it  but that dragon  does  Feel like I saw it and have some sort of attachment to it from childhood  Very easy to mix up in my mind with sword in the stone  Sure, he's dragging sword at the stone similar  Yeah, well, I mean it's well like the era but then one is live-action and one is all animated right  But you could yeah all those from the round that era.
 I can kind of miss mix up a lot of things  Yeah  That's what is that within a few years or am I?  Wrong  They're a little they're a little far apart.
 That's like 60s and 70s.
 I think  I'm not sure.
 I'm curious if people think Pete's dragon is good.
 I haven't revisited in a while  I think I may have just liked it because it was around it might have been one of those.
 Yeah  Well, the character is so cute and friendly looking  It's like well and I mean as with all just like you know my any Star Wars affection  Comes from the ride first I think I like Pete's dragon because he's in this parade  Yeah, that's yeah, I could see that that makes a lot of sense.
 It might be better not to watch Pete's dragon, you know  Just like have your perfect memory of this dragon is the one from the parade and  He'll never go.
 Yeah, it'll never go away because the parade is gonna apparently come back for the rest of time  Like they'll never they brought it back last year  When the attendance was sluggish at Disneyland because of Galaxy's Edge  Yeah, I people lose it I mean I  Definitely have fallen for it, too  It's like oh the electrical parades back like how many times have they done this and I still fall for this crap  Yes, it's still and I yeah, but yeah when  Mike when we went with Aaron and Lindsay  Just like that that glow that comes from that opening note in the VOCA and and then you start seeing him look there they are it's  Yeah, I don't know even if it is like a crass marketing move.
 Yeah, it still triggers something that is very pure  It's yeah, they do it a lot.
 They're doing a lot.
 So I'm just saying yeah, you'll be able to see this dragon  forever, I think  Yeah  I'd like to say that when they brought it back this most recent time a couple years ago  I'll go out on a limb and say that commercial that they made in the warehouse where all of the characters live  Like like the room of Disney magic that you have in your heart and the girl puts the last bulb on it  I think that might be the best Disneyland commercial that there has ever been  Yeah, it's up there like it's up there with like that's original Space Mountain commercial.
 Oh  Oh hell which is such a  Now yeah, well, thanks for reminding me all right number two  Well, if it was a final four of Disneyland commercials, it would absolutely be in the final four.
 I think  That's not a bad idea.
 That's not a bad.
 We haven't thought about that yet.
 I don't think yeah  There's that Disney land Paris one with Donald running around with real ducks like that's very cute  That is cute.
 I do like what a different song eras that I'm going to Disneyland  There's like they've gone in and out of it.
 There's all the athlete things  Oh you you guys had that too.
 They sang I'm going to Disney World in the marketing material  I so I didn't realize they recorded both versions of it.
 They did both.
 Yeah  Trick this  But I don't know I that  You know that ad though.
 I really I think they nailed I like like when when all the floats are  Leaving like heading into the park with this glorious pink sky that really is like the ideal Disneyland we all  You know we all imagine is there as opposed to just like it's a boring like warehouse back there.
 It's they did such a great  It's what you want it to be backstage, you know  Yeah, the cloak like the closest to that I've probably talked about on the show before it was the maybe  2015 d23 where they had this Imagineering exhibit  And it was it felt like that it felt like you just walked through  The warehouse and it was like it had the big like it had the big weird Ben  Is it Ben Franklin float from that weird 70s parade?  Do you know what I'm playing? Oh, oh, right.
 All right.
 Yes.
 Yeah  American parade or something.
 Yeah, I forget the name of it, but it was a big sandwich  Yes, yes, it was a big sandwich.
 Oh, yeah now you have my attention  Rex like the full the full-size Rex the like ride vehicles that felt like walking through  I mean what I the commercial came after that but then I was like, oh, yeah that kind of reminded me of that exhibit at  D23 which they had never  The next year was like or the you know, two years after when they did the next one in 2017  It was like  Pirates of the Caribbean only and it was like half of the movie stuff and you're like, yeah  I don't know if this is quite as good as two years ago  Two years ago.
 I was so thrilled there two years before that  I mean, I was so thrilled to walk through all that stuff and then I was like  Well, it's cool to see like some of the ride vehicles and some of the pirate robots  But I don't necessarily need to see Barbosa's jacket  You don't want to see the headband that Keith Richards wore when he just shows up on screen for 30 seconds  I yeah, I was not as thrilled to see that as I would have been to see some other like  country bear busts or robots know I  So they this first one away  In 1996 in a very confusing way  I don't really still don't really understand why they took it away  But it was a big disaster and they replaced it with this thing light magic  Please go to patreon.
com slash pockets right will explain light magic.
 It was so much emotion in it  Disappearing but but like why it was like it's felt like an absolutely arbitrary event to get rid of it  They completely backfired because now they've just been plugging it in to like fix, you know  Attendance problems ever since yes  Yeah, I wonder I mean I I would imagine that like the people in charge  Probably because of the janky nature of it, especially when it like when it started  Then the nostalgia obviously wasn't there because it was new  So I would imagine that maybe the people in charge and the people who were making it  This is a guess but we're like all they saw was were the flaws of it  All they saw were like, oh, yeah, this looks like shit like we got to make a much better version  Whereas like people that came to the park were like this is great.
 We really like this and  It's lasted for whatever reason, you know for so many years  And I think yeah, they I don't think they realize it's it's because of what they were regarding as as crappy or or  Tossed together.
 It's just what it's the character of  Of what it is.
 Some things are meant to be super high-tech and some things are charmingly low-tech and that's what this thing is  Yeah  And boy did it backfire as will explain because what they put in was supposed to now here we here's a real parade  Everyone hated it.
 I hate it.
 I'll say that  Yes, I have to give them credit.
 I mean the the farewell season marketing like this billboard  Now it's time to say goodbye.
 Okay, I get that, you know Mickey Mouse Club reference  The farewell season logo like I get trying to drum up business  This one with the two snails and the text we can't glow on like this is the grimace  Seen  Because they're smiling like they're smiling.
 It's saying we can't glow on like this  They're cracking that is so upsetting  It's a it's a forced smile.
 They're jokers  David joker  Bugs are joker fine joker fight.
 They can't go on like this.
 Oh, yeah, that's really morbid  Wow good fine, yeah, that is oh my god, what a nightmare.
 Yeah  We can't glow on like this like it's it's funny  Like, you know how they say Wolverine when he pops his claws out it hurt and he says this is famously in the first X-Men  Movie it hurts every time maybe these characters are just in pain doing this parade  No, no, Michael  Maybe the lights are just like it's really like hurting them.
 They're all kind of sentient  Floats and they're just in constant pain.
 They're dizzy  They're overheated and they just need to be put out to pasture  The light is their blood.
 It's supposed to be inside  Oh, they're leaking they're gonna run out they need transfusions the original the original Imagineers gave them consciousness  Imagineers gave them consciousness  Walt was working on consciousness for the robots before he passed away and then they finally perfected they have perfected it in the 70s  And the floats had the early version of the consciousness, but they could also feel pain.
 I  Have to say a that y'all get into it over on the second gate  There is a pre light magic pitch of what the the new parade was gonna be gonna be that isn't that far from  Characters who are whose consciousness is like  There is one of the creepiest worst ideas have ever and we'll I'll tease it for for over there.
 Yeah  Hey, it's it gets it gets grim  But of course the the parade  You know kept going kept reappearing and but pretty quickly in fact it what it was 96 it went away it reared its head in  1997 in one of the strangest events Disney ever did where it  Transformed it got a new name as it ran through Times Square in New York City and was called the Hercules  Electrical parade.
 Yes  Zero to hero, baby  I  This is so bizarre they did they did a whole deeply expensive weekend in New York City  Promoting the release of Hercules several years prior having done a  Like ginormous screening of Pocahontas in Central Park.
 So it was kind of a sequel to that  I think slightly less pleasant films  with  Huge New York events that get in New Yorkers way and make them mad  We got to do it again.
 I don't I mean, I'm not the first person to say this  But I don't understand why they used that parade like Hercules is a movie wasn't this like neon  light synth movie  Not really no, they also made original Hercules floats that they never used again  Like this one night one night one night this horrifying representation of Hades  Which I'm assuming is what the inside of James Woods is  Rotting brain looks like now  But like yeah, they did from what I was reading they did this in  1977 for the Pete's Dragon premiere  Oh in New York, yeah Pete's Dragon premiered at Radio City musical and they did  Some sort of whether it was the electrical parade, but they they did a similar event for that as well.
 Let's well document it  Whoa  That's crazy and I also found another strange  Outside of its natural habitat  Although you know what I'm realizing I think they made a big deal out of this thing and they said  This is the first time the Main Street Electrical Parade has been performed outside of Disneyland and that's it's bullshit if that  If there was a another New York one then that that's one and then I found another one  Which is it was the halftime show of the 1978 Orange Bowl  Which I think is in Florida unless I might be confused you're right moves, but I think it's for  and  It's  Find this video  So it's it's really strange  I mean like the floats will go through but the floats are obviously still extremely small in a football stadium  So what it mostly becomes is people with like big electric umbrellas or something kind of like making shapes  Just like walking around in circles and it only makes sense if you're in a helicopter point of view  It's an it's insanely boring  It was a pretty bad idea of a halftime show and then they bring out  Pete and Elliot and Pete keeps they they give him dialogue  He keeps saying like wow Elliot the Orange Bowl and he goes  Wow, I've never seen so many people  And just that  infinitely really strange  So it's a mixed bag seemingly the non Disneyland performances  Did you catch the detail about the Times Square  Turning off the lights for this.
 Did you catch? Yes.
 Yes.
 Go here.
 Go ahead this corporate  I forget where I pulled this from  but so they got Disney ran the electrical parade through Times Square and  They got most of the businesses to turn their lights off  So that parade could light up nicely all but one  All the businesses complied with the exception of Warner Brothers who had a Warner Brothers retail store at the crossroads of 42nd Street  And Broadway the lights eventually did go out at the Warner Brothers studio store when the chain went out of business shortly after that  So I don't know what to fuck you man.
 Like that's not cool  People lost their job.
 That's not a  Newspaper writer humor in the 90s was rough stuff like very bad  But maybe someone was like the light while someone was trying to like fill in the coloring book  screen of like a picture of Taz  Like maybe they needed to do that  That's my brother's stores where you were like coloring digital coloring books on screens  We we got to do the full Warner Brothers studio store episode because  did I share these with you or was I saving it for the idea of doing this that I found a bunch of  internal use  Music videos made by people from different Warner Brothers studio store franchises  There was like a music video contest for an award show  where like they all got together and like did a like a  medley of grease songs but changed the lyrics to be about like stocking shelves and like  We're out of Taz dolls  Wow  You told us about the award show I don't know that I dug down into it enough to see the music videos yet.
 Oh  It's so good.
 They're gonna be an episode just about the award show  Yeah, Joel Schumacher comes out in the middle of promoting  Batman and Robin and could not be more cocky about the suit and like you guys are gonna love it and there's so much  Oh the toys we're gonna make so much money you guys we are gonna be flush with cash.
 He's just like top tier  Most confident anybody could ever be no idea what's coming for that movie  Yeah, that's great.
 What yeah this I love those stores  I'll say a Trump is part of all that to Trump is it was an owner of several or they were like in his Atlantic City hotels  Yes, that's correct.
 It's yeah.
 Yeah, there's a lot there and we should do that one soon.
 Yeah  But as for this one, you know, what else about?  Time Square, I mean, yeah, they had to it took seven days to get it to New York City for one performance  And they you know, they filled in potholes.
 They paid  $500,000 to fill but I mean the whole thing cost five thousand five hundred thousand dollars  But like yeah, they had to do like they had to fix up the city to make this possible  This is a Disney vacation of Times Square era.
 So they were like spending money left and right on like family-friendly events.
 I  Will say the Hades float is cool is very cool.
 Yes.
 Yeah, I  Also am I also think it's they did do the to honor America at the end as well  Which is funny.
 Hey, which is like it's a promotional float for their movie  Do you need like the the patriotism at the end of your promotion for a movie a?  Movie set in ancient Greece.
 Yes.
 Thank you set in ancient Greece  I  Roam is it right? I always I never know who's who yeah, he's Rome.
 He's Roman I think  Yeah, that doesn't  Quite make sense, but I bet boy.
 I bet mayor Rudy  Watch that America float go by and remind him of the country love so dear and that he'll do anything to protect  Rudy should have been on the float with the gold pants  Oh  Rudy Rudy covered in Christmas lights with gold pants waving to everyone  With an electric toupee with an electric to neon electric toupee  What?  Alright calling for fan art  You know what? Wait, let me let me not call for fan art.
 Let me call for Photoshop  Let me call that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, let me call it up.
 Be real Photoshop of Rudy Giuliani  With gold pants Christmas lights and a neon to pay  standing next to Mickey and Minnie on the to honor America float and  specifically the New York City  Hercules  electrical parade from 1997  That's my official.
 Yeah, it's  Specific assets.
 It's tough.
 But yeah, I I think everyone's up to the challenge and if you're listening to this still in quarantine times  You like us our board is held.
 Yeah, so get to work Photoshop experts fill your  Fill your time.
 I also  I would say a full episode about the Disney vacation of Times Square.
 Oh, yeah, that's good a very fun one  Let's put that in the queue, too  But yeah, this was certainly the one of the most fun zones of that  Seen by a million people it ran over four times the length of the typical Main Street electrical parade  They really did it.
 They really  Got some people to go to Hercules in theaters not enough but some but some  Oh  Yeah  Well, what else about this thing? I mean, it's hey, it's it'll be very happy.
 It'll be back  It'll certainly be back.
 It might be back.
 I would  Should I I'll predict it now I bet when  Everything opens back up dizzy.
 It's like hey looks look what's back come back, please  I would I would have to think so and we'll think that it's grass but  We're all  I'm gonna say I think they're gonna wait on it for some sort of a lull because I think like  For insane people like us when the park opens up  It's gonna just be like the biggest attendance day of all time that first day  So I feel like maybe they wait  To bring it back for like another lull a time, but maybe we'll see  They got to find some way to do it  digitally virtually for all of us sitting in our  separate apartments  There is a full 2019 live webcast of that version of it on YouTube  The official Disney parks channel  That's nice.
 Oh good  I'm glad to hear that I like that.
 They've been doing all this stuff like here's a really nice multicam  Tokyo phantasmic like those kind of things they've been digging up to to entertain us  Have been appreciated.
 I guess we hey we didn't say also that it was it was also used as like a quick fix  Fuck fuck fuck.
 Let's save  California adventure  Which has no Main Street they put it over in like Paradise Pier and  Called it the  Disney's electrical parade.
 Yeah, they had a rebrand for that quick a California classic a California California  Classic I guess that's really what you got to say about it at the end of the day  It's a California classic whether or not it's in New York or Florida.
 It's always a California classic  I was interested to learn I'm going through some random things  I was interested to learn the Baroque hoedown is used in the ending theme of a Mexican sitcom  From the seven from the 70s.
 That's fun  Yeah, Wow  One of those guys I forget which though  There's another Perry Kingsley song that I think is the theme song to the game show the jokers wild  Oh, I might be getting the game show wrong.
 No, that's it jokers wild.
 Yeah  I  Met check out that in sound from way out there all it's also good all these dumbles and songs are delightful  I can find no evidence just from a brief search that Liberace saw the electrical parade  But I will still I will hunt I will still hunt  He though when I googled Liberace Disneyland he did describe himself as a one-man Disneyland  Sure fair enough he has an out he has an album called my parade of golden favorites  He has an album called that so  He is also a one-man parade also Liberace episode eventually  There's no way  Like themed entertainment and Liberace places to go.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I'm on board with it.
 I'm like writing them down  I got a little got a literal list  I'm excited for all of these  I  What do we what do we leave people with I'm tempted to  Mike you should screw around and see if you could do it  Maybe I could do it on top of the what I'd really like is to for the music on this to go out with  Like can we take the can one of us with our?  our keyboards at home  Incorporate two brothers into Baroque.
 Oh down.
 Oh, yeah, I I'll try.
 Yeah, I'll try I think I think it shouldn't be hard  I think it should be that hard.
 It's not gonna be amazing.
 I'm not gonna spend like weeks on it, but  Certainly not  You might be right  Yeah, the downtown Disney ordeal theme was getting into guns and roses Chinese democracy  Territory theme my god here's version 27 that theme is still only like 50% of what I wanted it to be to be honest  Yeah, I still at a certain point in length release the demos  Release the devos.
 I have a lot of said a lot of  Mix I needed a full real recording studio for that one and a full band honestly you becoming Brian Wilson now you and you  you've got that you got a theremin player a bunch of glockenspiels and  Lose every end up lighting the studio on fire  Losing my mom almost lost you to the downtown Disney ordeal theme.
 Mm-hmm.
 You brought in dr.
 Landy  Talk to me  Yeah, is it is it working out is dr.
 Landy jr.
 Getting you back on track? No, he's not as good as his father  He sucks dr.
 Lanny chance suck  He tried to smack a hamburger out of your hand that didn't go well.
 He was he was it was too light of a slip  Yeah  Well, I don't know I guess I guess with all that we can say our softer  Quarantine version.
 What do we settle on you put this into podcast?  I think you put up with podcast the ride you put up you put it you put up with podcast the ride  minister electrical parade edition  Boy, it truly as it makes me happy to think about the parade the commercial made me so happy  And then talking about it for a while made me so happy.
 This is hopefully in that  area of  Very earnest episodes.
 Yeah, is this it's this thing's the best and enjoy it  Enjoy it everyone because this podcast is glowing away forever  Until next Friday's episode for the magnificent return of this podcast  The long awaited long awaited.
 Hello season.
 You enjoyed the farewell season  We need to rise we can't we can't glow on like this  I wait I had another one earlier.
 I forgot to say oh, I feel like  Shots of smiling bugs and the tech line is they've lost the will to shine  What are you saying Mike I don't remember  But for  For more of the mainstream electrical parade story go to patreon.
com slash podcast the ride the second gate where we  Will talk about its successor light magic the app ran for less time than the mainstream  I took a did the fuzz bucket of?  night-time Disneyland light parades  Amen absolutely and day for for more stuff  Which oh I so I say I said I was trying to say Twitter and I said twitch, but we're yeah  We're trying to do twitch stuff.
 We've been having fun, but Twitter Instagram and Facebook all the usual stuff  Yeah, check check us out all right.
 I got one  The new ad that just says it's the turtle and everyone it just says we're glowing to hell  All right well so enjoy podcast the ride before we all glow to hell, but also enjoy our triumphant return  Well, we'll talk to you soon all right glow to hell gentlemen  This has been a forever dog production  executive produced by Mike Carlson  Jason Sheridan Scott Gardner Brett Boehm Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  At forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook