 Forever.
  Dog.
  Morning, the following podcast is about the first operating day of Disneyland.
  A quaint day with nightmare mice, adultery, drug use, and a mysterious entrepreneur known  as The Ladder Man.
  It's Disneyland opening day 1955 on podcast The Ride.
  To all who come to this happy podcast, welcome.
  Podcast The Ride is your podcast.
  Here Scott Gerdiner relives fond memories of the past.
  And here Mike Carlson may savor the challenge of the future.
  You say say hi or so, yeah there you go.
  I'm savoring.
  With the hope that it will be a source of Jason Sheridan to all the world.
  Sorry can you start from the top?  We didn't, we weren't ready.
  Oh no shit.
  Start it over?  To all the, I can't do, I need to have the religious leaders here with me.
  Every Republican politician is the religious leaders.
  Yeah, yeah.
  We're referring to the opening day ceremony.
  That was a little rendition of Walt Disney's opening speech on Disneyland's opening day  July 17th, 1955, which if you're listening to this episode, the day is released today  is July 17th, 2020.
  Exactly 65 years ago was the opening day of our Mecca of Disneyland.
  So we wanted to devote an episode to talking about the opening day, the televised ceremony  and all the other chaos that ensued.
  That's what we're doing here today.
  Of course, the idea was that Disneyland would be back up and running on this day.
  Like if you, maybe we think about July 17th more than anybody else, but when they announced  when it would be reopened post the pandemic, post the pandemic, now that the pandemic is  over, it's wrapping up.
  Yeah, they were going to reopen the park on July 17th and they forgot that viruses do  not care about anniversaries.
  So that is no longer the plan.
  Very inconsiderate of the virus, not to imagine how nice it would have been to reopen on this  day.
 But the virus is a mean jerk.
  It should really stop to acknowledge all the anniversaries.
  I think we're close to a what year would it be?  The 35th anniversary of Back to the Future.
  And they didn't give us the virus, give us no time to celebrate.
  We didn't get to go back into the theater.
  They didn't pull up a DeLorean outside the theater.
  Whatever shady guy owns the DeLoreans that go to screenings.
  I don't want to sidetrack, but how many shady guys do own DeLoreans?  Yeah, I'm not sure.
 How big of a business is that?  Because I don't sense that the DeLorean is like an especially rare car on the full scale  of things.
 So they must be kind of easy to get them and to put all the doodads all over  it.
  Well, that's time for eBay, I think.
  Take a look.
  eBay is you just get a full car on eBay right now.
  I think we could get it in a couple of days.
  Not every shady guy owns a DeLorean, but every guy who owns a DeLorean is a shady guy.
  That has never changed.
  That was the case back when they were rolling them out.
  OK, I have four top choices here on eBay for DeLoreans.
  They're all obviously pre-owned.
  They're not making them new.
  What do you think the cheapest one is?  Let's do a quick souvenir smackdown.
  The cheapest one and the most expensive one.
  Jason, what do you think?  I'm going to go low.
  I'm going to say fifteen thousand.
  OK, is what is the most expensive at least?  No, it's the lowest.
  That's the lowest.
  The cheapest.
  OK, I'll just go.
  We'll go lowest.
  Maybe I take the lower tack then because maybe one of them's kind of in bad shape.
  So maybe we're closer to like twelve.
  From what I'm seeing here, the lowest one is thirty two thousand five hundred.
  The most expensive is seventy five thousand.
  Wow.
 OK.
  Now, are these back to the future modded out?  It doesn't appear to be back to the future modded out.
  OK, that's for us to do and for us to make a good living,  go into cons and screenings in Hollywood forever's.
  Right.
 Slicking your hair back and driving up in that DeLorean.
  Yeah, everyone admiring you.
  You're the king of the world in that moment.
  Well, look at that guy.
  He must be in his late thirties.
  As you get out and shake hands with, you know, the back to the future royalty,  with Claudia Wells and Bob Gale and the.
  You know, Bob Gale never comes to anything.
  It's so rare that you get a visit from back to the future screenwriter,  Bob Gale, who seems to have a lot going on.
  I guess maybe I've been suppressing my just to clarify back to the future.
  My favorite franchise, like the future to my favorite film.
  I guess I've been pent up and feeling like back to the future events  are sort of shady.
  Have you guys have you?  Is this thought registered with you guys before?  Well, the reason I recognize what you're saying is true is because Jason and I,  I assume Jason, it feels the way I do, have been going to comic conventions  and fan events for our whole lives, basically.
  So there's just a level of that with a lot of these things  where it's like there's something off about a lot of them.
  Sure.
 Something really wrong.
  Yeah, the only real changes I can denote since like the mid  90s is that you can't smoke inside anymore.
  And places have square readers on their phones.
  Everything else is still the same level of shit.
  Yeah, there's so there's a whole so I recognize what you're saying,  but I actually don't maybe know these ins and outs of the specific types  of back to the future events.
  Maybe I just went to one.
  I watched them all screened at the New Art or something,  and I was like, I got to get out of here.
  This is this is too many movies to watch in a row.
  First of all, have you guys done that and enjoyed it?  Like it's all right.
  All the Lord of the Rings.
 Here we go.
  I've only done like two toy stories back to back  and those the first one is 90 minutes, I think.
  And even that, I was like, oh, it's a little long,  but I've never done like, oh, watch all 22 Marvel movies  before the New Avengers comes out.
  And you're like, no, thank you.
  This was hazardous to your health, I think.
 Yeah.
  Jason, any marathons in your your past?  Just double.
 I love double features, especially like not  like directly tied together, but like double features  where it's like this pairs well with this.
  But I think after two movies that that's that's very good.
  But then I think you really get to ministering  returns on that third movie.
 Yeah, sure.
 Sure.
  Well, a stunning anti marathon stance coming in  on top of this episode.
  But we're you know, yeah, we're here to talk about a  a pretty crazy day, a chaotic day,  maybe the most chaotic day in Disney Parks history  until this week in 2020.
  I think the only time that it's matched the literal opening of the park  was the the reopening of of the Magic Kingdom.
  You feel like if you  heard stories about Disneyland opening day was crazy.
  I mean, there were like there were people passing out and vomiting  and their heart rate rates were up really high.
  And then they just still stayed in the park.
  Like, it seems like stuff from 1955.
  Yeah, I can see that.
  I you'd imagine that people would be like, no, it's the opening day.
  I'm staying.
 Whatever, whatever I'm spreading around doesn't matter.
  I'm fine.
 Sure.
  I want to see I want to see Bob Cummings.
  I got to see Bob Cummings.
  I came here to see Bob Cummings.
  Here's since we're talking about this, I'll share one of my favorite  anecdotes I came across.
  I believe this is an L.
A.
  Times article from 1999 about Roy Disney,  because Roy Disney had to cobble the money together for this insane endeavor.
  And he was sitting outside in his catalog,  admiring the throngs that crashed the invitation only event with forged tickets.
  Roy was told that kids who had been stuck in traffic jams  were relieving themselves in the parking lot.
  He just grand and said, God bless them.
 Let them.
  Let that urine flow.
  He got like somebody was like, yeah, there's kids peeing in the parking lot.
  And he just got a twinkle in his eye and said, oh, that warms my heart.
  He got that is one of the few moments of levity I have ever heard that Roy Disney.
  I feel like Roy Disney was able to relax like once a year.
  I feel like I felt like where you were going with that story is like  he got a gun from his glove compartment and he walked over to the team.
  No, the guns, the guns are on camera.
  No, I guess you're right.
  I shouldn't have.
 I should have saved the gun jokes for later.
  You're right.
 You're teasing.
 There's so much.
  There's so much good stuff.
  I mean, there's so much good stuff on the operational end.
  There is amazing things happening on what is a technological marvel,  this television broadcast.
  Yeah.
 How do how do we sort through this?  I mean, yes, we're we're going to talk about just how chaotic the day was.
  But you get a real sense of how chaotic the day was from the opening broadcast  Dateline Disneyland, which was a live  with 90 minute, two hour, a pretty lengthy broadcast on ABC.
  In 90 minutes, Sunday night during the Disneyland slot,  which by this point, yeah, Disneyland, the show had been airing  since a year prior, since 1954.
  And it was one of the ways that they built the funds to build the park  and also kind of trained everybody to know what's going to be up  with this park when it's open.
  You'll see Adventureland, Frontierland, Fantasyland, Amaraland.
  And that's how they grouped all of the programming within the show.
  So by the time all of these themes have a genuine place to go to  and experience them, people are so curious.
  What the hell is going on with it?  Yeah, I think we should start with the broadcast  and then like weave in or then get to the operational stuff  in the way that Walt was so focused on the broadcast,  did not know about much of the chaos.
  Oh, really? Oh, it's a huge informed.
  Yeah.
 After the fact,  because he's performed, he's on camera and he is not informed  about a lot of the stuff until later that day in the following day.
  Which if you're if you've established the reputation is like America's uncle  and you have to be charmed, there's never a day in your life  that's more important.
 It's your name and the title.
  You have to be a charming character on television.
  You're probably going to be thinking about that and not operations  issues and things lighting on fire.
  And not yeah, not kids peeing in the parking lot.
  Oh, sure.
 It would be funny if like in the he was getting like briefs  briefing, like about everything that was happening in the middle of the broadcast.
  He was like, and if I had another kid pisses in the parking lot,  I swear to God, we're shutting this whole thing down.
  Take that gun out, Roy.
  You fire it in the right spot.
 They'll never be again.
  Roy, go get Betsy.
  Get Betsy, Roy.
 Do what you know you have to do.
  We don't talk a lot about Betsy, the Disneyland gun.
  Famous part of the original lore.
  Yeah, I think that's going to be the majority of this.
  I guarantee you, I guarantee.
  If you ask your parents or older relatives, who is Betsy?  When you were growing up, who did you know named Betsy on TV?  They would know.
 Davey Crockett's gun.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, wait.
  Oh, wait.
 It is Betsy is because of the ballad of all Betsy is the.
  Yeah.
 Oh, I forgot that there was a real Betsy.
  There's a song about a gun in this in this opening day special.
  Oh, yeah.
 It's performed in full.
  That's one of the big.
  Dance numbers.
 It's a.
  Yeah.
 The biggest showstopping number, I think, in this whole special is about a gun.
  It's about a rifle.
  Just to say this at the top, a recurring theme or something I like to talk about  on the show is how because I grew up loving 70s, 80s, 90s  Disneyland specials, the kind that are cataloged by Doug Jones wonderfully  in the specials he's made that these clips that I devour.
  I might let me coin a term and say, I think what I like about these a lot  is that it is a it is a window into chaos Disneyland.
  Everything is so perfectly manicured now.
  You don't get glimpses of chaos Disneyland, things going wrong,  people flubbing lines, people making inappropriate jokes.
  And I I yearn for more chaos Disneyland.
  And never was there more chaos Disneyland than on July 17th, 1955.
  This is I think it's only chaos.
  I think there's maybe what percentage of this broadcast goes  the way they wanted it to, like 20.
  It seems like it.
 I I for the for the vibe.
  Everyone seems like they're just so stressed out the whole time.
  Yes.
 And I'm yeah, I would imagine that.
  Yeah, 20 percent maybe feels like, yeah, we nailed that.
  About that.
 But still, I feel like this possible like  every every single thing in their minds and every scene went wrong.
  Everything they planned did not go to plan because some of this is famous  and some of its recapped a little bit.
  I mean, Disney has certainly made it part of the lore  and they will do specials now that show you moments of chaos  and art link letter, the host not knowing where he was or where his microphone was.
  Some of this stuff they have owned other parts of it they have not owned,  some of which are genuinely upsetting.
  I had you guys ever done this.
  Did you ever sat down and watched the full I'm going to watch  Dateline Disneyland today?  I think I watched clips, but I guess I didn't watch the whole thing  through until we were prepping for this.
  Just clips.
 Yeah, clips for me, too.
  I mean, and I have to say the research on this one.
  It there's a line in the special where Art Link letter says,  Walt, you've made a bomb out of Barnum today.
  And I that stuck with me for a couple of reasons.
  One, I was like, wow, even in 1955, we were whitewashing the cruelty of P.
T.
 Barnum.
  The other thing is that there's still a lot of urban legends.
  I feel about this.
  I could not find every article lists a different number.
  There's a website that I found, an official Disney website  called like Public Affairs Disneyland Public Affairs  that has a timeline of big events at the park.
  And they had different numbers than the history dot com article  or like the Atlantic, like a slideshow of pictures.
  So there there's still a lot.
  There's a lot of myth making around this day.
  What number are you referring to specifically?  The number specifically of like they were expecting  like they were some numbers said they were expecting eleven thousand.
  And then on the broadcast, they said there are fifteen thousand here  with the forged tickets and the people hopping the fence.
  You see the number twenty eight thousand a lot.
  And then Disney Disneyland clocks.
  The number on their public affairs website is twenty eight thousand one hundred fifty four.
  Geez.
 Expecting eleven, they got twenty eight.
  And some of the manifestations of this were that  one, the tickets were apparently very easy to counterfeit.
  It seems like they were just printed out.
  There was no type of watermark and certainly not a hologram.
  I found a story that there was a some of the tickets  had a blank space that said how many people are in your party.
  So people would just fill in the blank space.
  Seventy.
 All right.
  All right, gang, come on in.
  And then the other thing is that there was a man with a ladder  just letting people over a fence and charging them five dollars  in a very Homer Simpson, as Homerland, or when he charges that guy  by the axle for the parking for Wacking Day.
  Does he charge for the pool or the trampoline?  Yeah, I think he charges for.
  Yes.
 Well, and then it becomes the centerpiece of Homerland.
  Oh, right.
 Yes, you're right.
  I was a fort made out of dirt.
  Right.
  But like how but how long could this guy have been in business?  There's four sides to Disneyland.
  There's only so many places he could be.
  A man just had a ladder for long enough to like maybe gotten what?  A thousand people in.
  We have to find we have to see if we can really dig deep and find out who the  ladder man was.
  I also want to find we we need to reach out to the Searching for Sugar Man people  and see if they would like to collaborate on finding the Disneyland ladder man.
  The Disneyland Ladder Man looking for ladder man up at the first podcast, the  right documentary.
  If we could find, yeah, like I mean, Ladder Man could be alive, could have been  a very young man.
  Did he did he then make a little business out of it and cross the country like he  did the same thing for Woodstock?  He he like anybody who was not allowed into Altamont because they had a knife.
  He found a weak spot and let only knife holders in.
  He let Berlin Wall.
  He let people over the Berlin Wall with his ladder.
  He did some good.
 He actually it wasn't all bad with Ladder Man.
  He reunited some families.
  That's right.
  Yeah, he's he traveled the world allowing people to climb his ladder.
  He did not believe in walls and he would be so frustrated with the Trump  administration.
 Walls are what he hated the most, no matter where they were.
  He was a true patriot in a lot of ways.
  The Disneyland Ladder Man.
  Things were different back then.
  Disneyland was very sparsely landscaped.
  Much of it barren and brown.
  So there was a huge but there was a little baby berm.
  I'm amazed they even had a wall all around it in that sense.
  Like, it's impressive that they even had got one done because all of Disneyland was  built in a year and a day.
  It was literally one year and one day.
  And now kind of any project takes at least three.
  They gun it.
  Yeah, it's pretty wild.
  Which is why it's it's funny to look at that opening day aerial map and go, well,  well, you know, a lot of it is just blank, like the fields that is where the  the Matterhorn ended up or utopia is kind of a lot.
  They paved some of it and the rest is just undecorated and no trees.
  I do that.
 Yeah, if you went to Disneyland after having gone to Disneyland now,  you'd be like, oh, this looks like shit in a lot of places.
  Our standards are so high.
  Signs that said to be open soon.
  Yeah.
 So, yes, it is surprising that there wasn't just like a big section of fence  they forgot to put in and there was no need for the ladder man.
  It does seem like that would be you would you would believe that you believe, oh,  yeah, we forgot to put like 20 feet of fence over in the back.
  Hopefully just like hang a tarp over it.
  No one will notice that like you can't you can just sneak under the tarp.
  And they also guys go, sorry, they couldn't afford a security guard either to block  the 20 feet.
 Right.
 So Roy, just Roy wandering around back there  telling children, pee, pee, wherever you got to go.
  I love it.
 Roy loves it.
  Roy loves peeing wherever.
  Did you guys come across the weeds stories?  This is another thing where I'm like, wait, what should I?  I don't know which to believe, because there's a story about  because they had the canal boats, which we now are now the story land  storybook canal boats.
  And now there's little dioramas and stuff.
  At the time, there were just boats that went around a little canal  of brown, unwatered grass.
  There was just nothing there.
 Wow.
  There was well, the one story is that there were just weeds.
  So Walt said, put the Latin names for these weeds on signs like it's an exhibit.
  And then there was another story where they said, go out.
  Like there was landscaping not done.
  They said, go pull weeds from the parking lot and replan it in the park.
  So, again, so much myth making, even the number of rides.
  I could not find like the Disneyland Public Affairs website  says 18 attractions were open.
  Touring Plans website lists 14 attractions and at least three  attractions were down on open.
  Dumbo was not up and running.
  Rocket to the moon wasn't working.
  And Peter Pan wasn't really working either.
  So I don't know where if the number is some places count  what's actually running and what's not.
  And the Mark Twain was open, but flooded a little bit at some point.
  It a little bit.
  Toad had an electrical outlet  surge like Toad was down for some of the day  because it was just one outlet powering the entire ride.
  There's just one outlet.
  And then the best part, there was a gas leak that shut down  a lot of the park for part of the day.
  Jesus, did it like smell of gas?  Were you walking around just a field of weeds that smelled like gas?  I presumably but like carnival smell like gas sometimes anyway.
  So I think people were used to it.
  You got to think like 10 years before there were rationing stuff  for on the front lines in Europe.
  So they're probably like, hey, this is better than air raid drills.
  And if you if they were in Tomorrowland by the Autopia, it's smell like gas anyway.
  They're for sure.
 That's true.
  They're for sure.
 Were people in the park, maybe a lot of them, who just like  killed men in within the like, not the decade, but like 10 years prior.
  They're for they're for sure.
 People who like killed in war.
  Oh, yes.
 Not only are you correct on that, but we'll get to it a little later.
  There's people who've killed on both sides who were in the park that day.
  I don't know.
 I don't know to what you refer.
  And I'm scared.
 Oh, there's some amazing.
  There's some amazing historical characters in this broadcast.
  And it's.
 Yeah.
  It's wild.
 I like there are people that just show up for a two second cameo  in the special.
 Mm hmm.
  Like it's like, oh, there's Frank Sinatra and Sammy Davis Junior.
  And they like whiz by and that's it.
  Yeah.
 Well, one Sammy Rams Frank on the Autopia.
  That's what it is.
 He kind of like, yeah, it runs into him.
  But I wonder, like, yeah, who else was there and maybe just wasn't even on camera.
  Is it part of the lore that Tony Baxter was there?  Am I making that up?  Hmm.
 I don't know.
 Or is or am I thinking of Marty Sclar?  I feel like some major engineering person.
  Sclar was working by that.
  But I think he was working.
  Oh, well, I had begun the career.
  I could be wrong.
  Yeah, who knows?  Who knows who was conceived at this holiday hill?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Over on the classic original Disney makeout spot.
  I if anyone came to this podcast, hoping we would clarify a lot,  I don't think it's going to happen.
  And I would actually like to put new rumors out into the world about this day.
  So just keep on your toes is what I'm saying.
  Oh, yeah.
 Who would have been born around 1955?  Births in 1955.
  Can we spread a rumor?  This is too long of a list.
  Wait, I saw a wrestler, Chris Adams.
  I don't know who that is.
 I need a celebrity.
  I want to think of a celebrity who we can say was conceived  in a wild fit of passion on top of a pile of weeds.
  The Rowan Atkinson.
  OK, Rowan Atkinson was conceived at Disneyland on opening day in 1955.
  I think that is for sure.
  If people want to isolate me saying that and clip it  and then send it around as of did you know like that would be good.
  So wait, I guess, though,  shouldn't I be looking at who was born in like April 1956?  OK, you're right.
 Everyone scratched that.
  We need to get exactly right so that it lines up.
  Because we don't want people to poke holes in this thing all day.
 Right.
  Now, I bet that said, I bet people were like a little bewildered and confused.
  So like Mr.
 Bean, you can find people in the background of this broadcast  go like, oh, hmm.
 Oh, you know, probably.
  All right.
 That's that's not a rumor.
  That's for sure.
 That for sure happened.
  You know, your OJ prosecutor, Chris Darden, was famously conceived.
  Chris Darden was conceived opening day at Disneyland in 1955, July 17th.
  It was wild.
 There it is.
  The Darden's really went at it for sure.
 Had it on holiday.
  So much legend.
  I mean, we could talk about one of the, you know,  probably the most famous piece of the lore,  which is that the cement had been so recently poured  that it had not hardened.
  And so throughout the day, it was so excruciatingly hot  that it was melting again and that women's heels were melting back into the  into the ground.
 Mm hmm.
 Yes.
  I'm curious about how this played out.
  Was it like two women or was it three hundred?  How many shoes were lost?  Did somebody take those and keep those and immortalize them  in sort of a Grammets Chinese manner?  Mm hmm.
 Was yeah, was there a full slate,  a block of cement with high heels stuck in it?  And Walt's like, take that to my office.
  Put that in there.
  I don't want you to tell anybody, but I put it in there and leave it in there.
  My shoes, this whole thing was just a big scam to try to get a collection of shoes.
  Yeah.
 What was it?  No ladies shoes.
  How else am I going to get a big pile of them?  He was a lot like a Quentin Tarantino.
  He was like a lot like a Quentin Tarantino type.
  Just like Tarantino's movies, go back and look for all those foot  shots in every Disney movie.
  You'll find them.
  Well, and leave the cement.
  I want it to not be hardened by the time we open.
  What are you talking about, Walt? Shut up.
  Listen to what I'm saying.
  Don't question me.
  We're well on track, sir.
  It's going to be it's going to be dry by May.
  Ain't nothing to worry about.
  You fool.
  No, keep it wet.
  Keep it so wet.
  But sir, the ladies heels.
  Yes, exactly.
  The story I had always heard about the heels was then they were given moccasins  because they were only sold the only like shoes readily available.
  They sold moccasins at Frontierland.
  But then as they're narrating up and down Main Street,  I believe it's Art Linkletter who like looks at the Emporium  and goes like, you can buy any old fashioned thing you want.
  And they're like buckle shoes.
  And I'm like, wait, there's other shoes.
  They did have other shoes.
  That's good detective work.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You could get buckled shoes.
  You could get like pilgrim shoes.
  Well, I know, like because they said they pin Main Street as 1900,  like set in 1900.
  So you could get, you know, this is 50 years later.
  It's a little bit in the, you know, that's 50 years before.
  They were already romanticizing the turn of that century.
  I think they were like, you can get like  because you could buy all sorts of weird crap on Main Street.
  We should we should make a definitive list at some point.
  Yeah.
 All the other crap.
  Yeah.
 Original few years.
 Main Street.
  Yeah.
 I wonder if what's the best  because you don't see a lot of pictures of everything in those gift shops.
  And I think it would blow everyone's mind.
  What they sold in Disneyland.
  Braziers.
 They sold ladies.
 Braziers.
  Yeah.
 My ears are aflame.
  Yes.
 I had Phil or I be pro souvenir glass bottles of aspirin,  I believe, Braziers, coffee, tobacco.
  Pretty insane that it was the wizard of bras.
  Yeah.
 That does it against like Walt's  like conservative puritanical vision.
  Like, well, that is interesting that that was.
  I mean, I guess it's just more of his.
  I guess he had to approve it.
 He had to sign off on it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  We'll do a full.
  It was run by I was going to with the Hollywood Maxwell  Brazier company.
 So strange.
  Yeah.
 But who would like  why would you just need one all of a sudden?  And were they hoping to get the reputation of being a great place to buy bras?  Could you get men's underwear on Main Street?  Well, I think all stores were less like, you know, the browser  was probably less like Victoria's Secret and more like a hardware store.
  I was in the past look like hardware stores.
  I get that it was sort of a it was more functional store.
  Still, could you get could you buy a pair of underwear on Main Street?  If you were a man.
  Like briefs, white briefs, could you buy it on Main Street?  Hmm.
 I'm searching the Easterland article for I don't.
  I don't think so, because at least not at this shop,  because it's saying this article saying how many men hesitate to enter the shop.
  Hmm.
  They're they and they're very polite in doing so.
  They remove their hats upon entering the store.
  What a strange if I go into a Victoria's Secret, I remove my hat.
  And show of respect.
  Respect.
 You put it over your heart.
  Yes, I I close I put it over my heart.
  I close my eyes and then I wander around.
  Just say ma'am to perhaps to know one in case there's a case.
  There's a ma'am in front of you.
 Yeah.
  But yeah, could you?  Yeah, you would get like fit like you couldn't get a suit on Main Street.
  You know, no, like like drills, hammers.
  Right.
 You need to put up  you need to put up a picture frame.
  You can get some equipment to do that on Main Street.
  Like why? Well, you know, it's weird.
  You had to wait for Jack Rather seen briefly in the special  to finish that old Disneyland hotel to get some man stores up and running.
 Right.
  So we'll investigate that further.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Bizarre Main Street would definitely be a great one.
  I oh, you know what I think about the heels?  Just first of all, it's just a weird reminder that this is when the people  did wear heels to Disneyland at this time.
  And now the only time you see that happen is on Dapper Day is like the dress up  day, the fancy dress up day that's sort of unofficial that they do.
  But the Disney embraces a little bit.
  And why this is a photo op that's waiting to happen.
  They should for Dapper Day lay out a bunch of wet concrete  so that people can recreate that moment.
  Yeah, that's true.
  You know, it's probably you could go one step because this is always trying  to make some more money.
 You could go a step further and be like,  have your heels immortalized in concrete and then you have to pay like a hundred  dollars for it.
  And you could get everyone to take that home as a little keepsake.
  And then you could upcharge everybody.
  And I think that would be, you know, I think that would be very successful.
  Yeah.
 A tough thing to take home, a heavy thing to take home.
  Sure.
 Sure.
  I also think you need like a thing to wheel it out, like a dolly, essentially.
  OK, there's some other things you have to think about as far as cost.
  But I think you could make it a small little piece of concrete.
  And then that would be really.
 They could contain it.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  Merch ideas, though, you know, everybody's talking about if you're like  wearing heels there, you're thinking about it and you want the full experience.
  Yeah, I and you they should all.
  And so they should also like take water out of the park on those days, too.
  That's that's kind of another famous one that the this is often gone over  how there was they had Walt had to choose between  having drinking water and in toilet.
  Like, yeah, right.
  And toilet water, I think so.
  Yeah, I've read that.
  I wonder if that's completely true across the board.
  But that I did find consistent across most of the art.
  We did.
 OK, there was a plumber strike going on  and they either need it.
  The bathrooms finished or the water fountains finished.
  And I think it went people can buy Pepsi and Coke.
  But we need bathrooms.
  Fat lot of good it did those fucking kids.
  Yeah, they didn't take advantage of the only water in Disneyland  being toilet water.
 Yeah.
  The only water in Disneyland was toilet water on opening day.
  How soon was it?  They got the drinking fountains up and running.
  People didn't drink that much water back then.
  That's what cigarettes were for.
  Good point.
 Yeah, that gives you energy.
  Can't get you through the day.
  I think they in Southern California just smoke as much as they can.
  Yeah, they were like, Walt, we won't have drinking fountains.
  And he was like, well, do we have whole milk and cigarettes?  And they're like, yeah, of course.
 He's like, great.
  We're fine.
  Now, that is not not in the broadcast.
  There's probably people smoking in the broadcast,  but there's behind the scenes footage of them setting up for the broadcast.
  And we saw some very funny shots where the guy first off,  he's drawing the frames on the ground in June.
  First off, he's drawing the frames on the ground in chalk,  which was odd that he wasn't using a pencil and paper.
  But he there's there's people like figuring out this camera needs to go here  and we need to be able to see this.
  And they have not put out their cigarettes like they cannot even stop smoking  for 30 seconds of behind the scenes.
  So do you think every cameraman, everybody holding a boom mic,  just everyone has a cigarette in hand?  I think everyone has a cigarette.
  I think most of the on camera talent is probably a little lit from flasks.
  It was just a different it was just a different time back then.
  You can't have gum in the park, but you got to have a smoke.
  You know, the only reason our link letter didn't have a cigarette is just  the reason they did all those cigarettes is just because they had conflicting  endorsement deals.
 Yeah.
  Like, I can't be on camera with somebody smoking Marlboro  because I'm with, you know, Worthington.
  Yeah, I forgot the names of these cigarettes.
  Yeah.
 Danny Thomas had a different cigarette brand than Bob Cummings.
  So that was a big problem.
  Yeah.
 Can you imagine if you were at Disneyland and it smelled like a casino?  Which I mean, I know it's a while, I think for a while.
  But yeah, you're on like Space Mountain and it's just a thick  cigarette cloud waiting in line.
  And like that would be something.
  And yes, it was it was probably the reality up until what?  20 years ago.
  Um, what's well, people were smoking, I don't know, not maybe not in the line.
  Could you smoke when?  When was the last time you could smoke in the line of like a ride?  That's a good question.
  It's maybe been a while, I think.
  I have no I have no idea.
  Jason, good.
 Well, I can tell you I can't tell you an exact date,  but I can tell you.
  So Jane found and got me a vintage Caribbean beach  resort baseball cap from the same seller.
  Got a pair of Caribbean Beach matchbooks.
  Like that would be in your hotel room or in the lobby of like,  here's your matches, you know, to light up your cigarettes.
  How so like the fun, silly themed hotel for children?  Well, you want to relax at the beach, right?  You know, you need a Chester.
  You needed a long LNM.
  So that was eighty nine ninety about one year, I think.
  And I could be mixing up hotels, but I believe we were going to the Polynesian.
  And I'm sure my mom's going to be mad because I got this wrong.
  We went into a room and it was supposed like it smell like smoke, like crazy.
  And we went back down and we were like, it's like cigarette smoke.
  And there's great.
 Like, could we get another room?  And they said, fine.
  And we went to another room and we were walking around  and we opened up the closet and it smelled like piss.
  It was so strong.
  The pee was like somebody like a kid had peed in the closet,  like a child had peed in the closet.
  And I can't remember if we if they just came and cleaned it or we moved.
  I don't remember.
  You sure it was a child?  A couple of you drink a couple of pineapples, you know,  you drink a couple of pongus, you know.
  I am not sure it was a child.
  Absolutely not sure.
  That's how Mr.
 Toad smelled at this time, like, you know,  but like there were long lines everywhere, but people that pee real bad  and just as soon as we're indoors, it's a little dark, wet or rip.
  Yes, the Disneyland.
  This is a thing I've thought about before.
  The Disneyland smells this day  because Disneyland is so obviously it's so specific.
  And they've they've figured out how to put pump fake smells in and blah, blah, blah.
  But what is everything smell like opening day?  Is it just like toxic paint,  cigarette smoke, drying cement and gas?  Yeah.
 And the and ever been people with cigarettes and cigars.
  I can't imagine that the  the level of flatulence can't be great  from an audience of people who are only drinking Coca Cola.
  What was public farting like back in 1955?  Was that more common, do you think?  We're just like unable to be helped.
  You're everyone's diet was so bad.
  There was no way to to excuse yourself.
  It just would come out.
  Or did you repress it so hard because that's,  you know, that's the devil's air.
  So keep it inside.
  Children would be  just would be given the belt mercilessly if they let out a public fart.
  But no, no child farted in public until 1987.
  That is a fact.
  That's another rumor we're putting out that's true.
  So isolate what Scott just said and attribute that to us as a fact.
  There about no child farting.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  But they are encouraged to fire guns in.
  Yes.
 I.
  But by the way, and this will sound like a stat that we're making up,  according to Guest your land, Disneyland Park stopped selling cigarettes  anywhere on property in late 1999.
  They sold them still in.
  Yeah, I'm assuming they had sold stop selling them in park years earlier.
  But I guess maybe you could get them at hotels still probably up until then.
  Oh, yeah.
 That's my guess.
  I don't think you could get a pack of cigarettes in 1999 in Disney Park.
  But maybe I'm wrong.
  Maybe there was one spot you could get cigarettes in.
  They were singles.
  They were just they were they were just one offs, you know, with a character on it.
  There's there's Lumiere light up with Lumiere.
  Was there a fan outrage when cigarettes were stopped?  They stopped selling cigarettes at a gift shop.
  Was there a huge with their petitions?  The Geocities breaking Disney to stop selling cigarettes.
  What's next? Kodak film.
  Yes.
 The answer is yes.
  Disney strips civil liberties.
  I have the right to  at the last minute, hop on a Skyway car with a stranger and smoke the entire way.
  Smoke a pack on the Skyway.
  The old advertising campaign for the Skyway.
  OK, next.
  Ashing them on the people below kids getting ash in the eye.
  How? Stop crying.
 Stop it.
  The old like gallon milk, the like the old version of like the drinking  a gallon of milk challenges like can you smoke a pack of cigarettes on the Skyway?  Very impressive with you and your friends.
  How many did Obama get through?  That's a good question.
  I don't know if he completed the challenge.
  Another degree of I don't know how fast he went.
  Well, I always thought the Obama story,  I thought he was alluding to smoking reefer on on the Skyway.
  I'm not sure he leaves it ambiguous.
  He looked it up and he clarified, at least with a joking way that it wasn't.
  But who? Yeah, who knows?  He might have been cute.
  I mean, well, maybe a good segue from presidents  at Disneyland way before they were presidents.
  Oh, Ronnie Reagan, old Ronnie Reagan.
  If you don't know, this 90 minute broadcast live from the opening  of Disneyland was hosted by Art Link Letter, still, you know,  around in our childhoods, what with kids say the darndest things,  whose latter day host we will not discuss.
  You know, do you remember?  I do.
 I know what you're talking about.
  Bob Cummings, a popular actor from the time and another popular actor, Ronnie Reagan.
  Oh, Ronnie, which Ronnie Reagan,  Ronald Reagan was elected president 20 years after this aired.
  Like nearly 20 years that right.
  A little more.
 25, a little more.
 25.
  Donald Trump was elected president 12 years after The Apprentice started airing.
  What I'm saying is we as a people have always been very stupid.
  Like Americans have always been dumb.
  Also, in this special, I kind of made the connection last night.
  I was like, you know, I think back then people in their entertainment  were a little more cavalier with their gunplay,  maybe partly because they had the reasonable expectation  they could go to public squares or schools and not be open fire on.
  Anyway, shortly after taking presidency, Ronald Reagan  cut a bunch of federal funding for mental health programs.
  And we don't have that expectation now.
  I'm sure those things are unrelated.
  Hey, all I know is he is he is quite the charmer in this special.
  That's all I know from Ronnie Reagan.
  He's not politics, Jason.
  He seems nice and cute.
  At least he's not a philanderer like some of the other on screen talent.
  It's really it's a matter of when you want me to pull the trigger on Bob Cummings,  because I'd say, you know, half of what I have is about Bob Cummings.
  Oh, well, I say let's just get into it because I feel like Art Linklater  was Linklater the one on the monorail like he  hosts the opening of the monorail and all that stuff, too, I believe.
  I don't remember.
  Like he was sort of he was sort of Disney's guy and kind of volunteered.
  Volunteered is like hosting and producing talents for this.
  Yeah.
 And  all I remember is that Nixon, of course, is at the opening of the monorail.
  So Reagan is at the opening of Disneyland  and Nixon is at the opening of the monorail.
  A lot of strange presidential interactions, except for Donald Trump.
  I don't think Donald Trump has ever set foot on in a Disney park.
  Hmm.
 Right.
  And you've I assume you've searched.
  Yeah, I believe that I've made that specific search.
  But like, wouldn't wouldn't we know?  I think I mean, he's been and we know with universal photos.
  He's a universal guy.
 Yes.
  He's a universal guy is what we're saying.
  He likes that more.
 He thinks Disney's too for kids.
  He likes the more adult themes of universal.
  Yeah.
 He loves horror nights.
  Folks, we love it.
  They've got Hop.
 They've got Hop's friend.
 Terrific.
  Trump was very good.
  Yes.
 The last thing I have about Art Linklater,  before we get into like a full dissertation about Bob Cummings,  because I am very curious about Bob Cummings deal.
  Linklater apparently was offered the chance to invest in Disneyland, said no,  pretty clearly realized his mistake and like volunteered to help with the hosting  and the production of this sort of thing.
  And when Disney wanted to thank him, because it seems to imply  that he was not paid for this.
  Linklater asked for Disneyland's camera and film concession  for its first 10 years, a request that was quickly granted.
  So he got a taste of anyone buying film and cameras  for the first 10 years of Disneyland.
  Whoa.
 Wow.
  It's a smart plan.
 That was a good call.
  Yeah, geez.
 Wow.
  That's a good little back end deal.
  He sorted out there.
  Yeah.
 Geez.
 Very crafty.
  I think he's like the most icon.
  That's the part of the special that I knew the most, I think, was his opening.
  He's up on the, you know, on the Main Street train station.
  And when they say we're cutting to Art Linklater  and then it cuts to the big planner of Mickey in the first slide,  that's not Art Linklater, that's Mickey Mouse.
  And then he's describing kind of what you're going to get into.
  And the one that's always stuck in my head is, you know,  I forget the rest of the sentence, but, you know, a big with a big package  all wrapped in whimsy, the most pronounced W of whimsy.
  This is like the only part that goes well is Art Linklater is kind of opening  a dress and he meets Waltz and describes what you're going to be seeing.
  Twenty nine cameras.
  And he describes the production of this live special.
  And it's amazing they admit this.
  He says what you're going to see is going to be like,  imagine if you were trying to cover three volcanoes erupting at the same time  and you didn't expect any of them.
  Yeah, they also had to borrow cameras.
  It was hard to get cameras back then.
  They had to borrow cameras from everywhere.
  From other networks.
  Other networks and studios.
  And like now you could probably find 20 cameras in southern California  at the Universal Studio between Universal Studios, the Film Division  and the local NBC affiliate.
  You could come up with 20 cameras easy.
  Yeah, but they yes, Art is makes it very clear.
  This is probably going to be a shit show.
  We apologize ahead of time.
  This is what we're trying to do is insane for what our capabilities are.
  Yeah, they've nothing like this had ever been attempted.
  This is like by far the most complex thing ever televised at this point.
  Yeah, boy, the ambition to open this park at all, even doing it.
  And then like, should we just kind of like have someone talk about it?  No, no, no.
 Live special parades, live multiple movie stars, live dance numbers.
  They're attempting like what, you know, Greece live ended up being  that they could pull off still with mistakes a little bit, you know, in 2016  or whatever.
 And they haven't done like a fully live special for something opening  like like this since.
  I mean, even the stuff that might be kind of live, it's like there's a ton of pre tapes  and there's a ton of other things going on.
  Light magic was partially live, partially.
  That was partially chaos, though.
  It was like, as we said, a lot more chaotic than they usually are.
  And the special was padded full of just the Walt myth, the same making stuff.
  Same shit.
  Start with a mouse.
  He went to the do we have to do an episode about do we ever have to address these things?  The he went to the carousel and he was mad at the car.
  That's a funny aspect of that.
  I actually saw a tweet about this that he was like, is that Griffith Park carousel?  It's still around.
  And he's staring at this like this piece of shit.
  I'll talk about this in my sleep.
  I fucking hate this carousel.
  This shitty carousel is for kids, not for kids and adults.
  Step one, burn this to the ground.
  These carnivals are trash.
  I hate this.
  Step two, build a park where the carousel is the worst ride.
  I'll show you carousel.
  Phase two after Disneyland was that he was going to blow up every carnival  and carousel in America.
  Punish it for being bad.
  Get secret agents, get his pal Ronnie Reagan to pull his government  strings to track each carny.
  Get on the train cars, stab them in their sleep, dump their bodies on the road.
  Yeah, it's definitely like a class.
  It's definitely in hindsight, because that is always that story.
  You always hear that and you go, oh, that is nice, because, yes,  some of those amusement parks are like a little bit low rent.
  And that is nice for a family to go to.
  But then if you think about it, it's like, well, they didn't have the money  you had, you maniac.
  Like, yes, like people build a nice thing to try to get families to enjoy it.
  And it's like they never as much money that you did because you were Walt Disney.
  You idiot.
  Like it wasn't some like they weren't like being it was an affront to families.
  It was just they were making a nickel at a time.
  They went, they had like made a bunch of movies and gotten, you know,  money from the war from the government.
  Right.
 They couldn't some carny couldn't go to Bank of America  and get a 50 million dollar loan.
  Borrow borrow against your other vacation house, borrow on your life insurance,  borrow against some movie bonds.
  The other thing is, if you watch, there's a recent defunct land  that talks about the history of Coney Island.
  You are reminded of the fact that back in the past,  everything was just constantly burning down all the time.
  Is that what was Coney Island destroyed a lot?  Well, Coney Island was a lot of different attractions and like  different parks and many parks and side shows and all this stuff.
  And a number of them just like went up in flames.
  Either from just like a freak accident or like,  as we say, burn it down for the insurance money.
  Or again, someone just flicked a cigarette, a loose cigarette,  at some wet paint.
  And it's just like, oh, this is going to be a disaster.
  Because they're using a kind of paint that is not used anymore.
  That's extremely flammable.
  Turpentine is loose, like puddles of turpentine on the ground.
  Asbestos everywhere.
  Just gasoline in their hair.
  Everything is either made of gasoline or asbestos.
  So Walt was out looking at that carousel and dream.
  What if I want a place where I can go and take my daughters that isn't constantly on fire?  And past the opening day, he achieved his dream because  and I didn't see this is one of those also that seems in dispute to me.
  I saw reports that said that at some point part of the castle caught on fire.
  But are we sure? And was that opening day or is that just like,  how could that also have been even on top of everything else?  The castle caught on fire.
  I feel like we have more concrete information about that.
  Yeah, you'd have to imagine a bunch of weird,  crazy shit happened in the first six months.
  And maybe some of that has all been folded into the opening day legend.
  I think so.
 Yeah.
  The opening months, I saw some crazy stuff of like a few.
  Like most of the Autopia cars were destroyed  just from people crashing into each other or walls.
  Here's something I had never heard of before.
  This was not opening day, but this was in within the opening months.
  A tiger and a panther in a circus parade broke loose and staged a,  quote, furious death struggle on Main Street USA.
  What? What?  People need to be thinking of the opening of Disneyland more as Action Park.
  Yeah.
 Like, oh, my.
  Struggle.
 That's right.
  Which animals again?  A tiger and a panther.
  My God.
 So I just clawing, just ripping each other's throats out.
  My God.
 Even the number of viewers of the broadcast  it was I saw some places cited as 90 million,  and that might have been worldwide.
  But history dot com listed the domestic viewers as 70 million,  which is a big deal when you think that the population of America was 165 million.
  Oh, my God.
  Over.
 But according to some numbers, over half.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  She's either even if it's only 70 million.
  Oh, my God.
  Here, can I do a quick calculation?  That is that means that the the current level of remaining subscribers of Quibi  is point zero one percent.
  The opening the viewership of the opening day audience of the opening day of Disneyland.
  And that's in the low number.
  Yeah.
 Maybe.
 But it'll get there.
  It'll go.
  I would just in terms of  combining things and urban legends, you know, the special ends with, as you said,  Jason, our link letter saying you made a bum out of Barnum and they art and Walt,  you know, walk arm in arm over towards the castle.
  And if I wish that in that exact moment is when you wish upon a star starts playing.
  And that's the end of the broadcast.
  But then a tiger and a panther had tumbled out  and  mauling each other briefly.
  One throws the other off onto Walt Disney, who is pinned on the ground,  slides into the moat.
  Art has to dive in.
  Art tears his shirt off.
  He's ripped, drags a wet Walt Disney.
  They're calling for Fess Parker to come over to try to help bring.
  Betsy.
  All right.
  Betsy Fess.
  Fess, is Betsy there?  Well, that begs the question of the on camera talent.
  Some of the people mentioned Edie Fisher was there or Eddie Fisher.
  Excuse me.
  Eddie Fisher, the male.
  Not not cousin and not Edie from Grey Gardens.
  Eddie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds, Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis,  Danny Thomas, and of course Aunt Jemima.
  Uh, so I have to think Frank Sinatra seems like the type who had a gun on him.
  So probably could have stopped the feral cats, you know?  Yeah.
 Well, Sinatra, I would assume Sinatra had a guy at least with him that had a gun on him.
  At least had a guy.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 He just would have snapped, yes, and somebody would have.
  Yeah.
 Take care of him for him.
  Right.
 Exactly.
  He would have also done that if some kid looked at him the wrong way.
  Yes.
 From the stories I've heard.
  Yes.
 He brought the panther, I think.
  That was part of his security detail.
  Frank traveled with a panther.
  Hey, Charlie, keep me safe, buddy.
  Yeah, Frank.
 And there was probably Frank was probably walking around  with a glass of whiskey all day at Disneyland.
  They probably look the other way for that.
  That was the original drinking.
  He's the only one who was allowed to drink liquor in Disneyland up until Galaxy's Edge.
  Oh, yeah.
 There's the rules and then there's the Frank rules.
  Yeah.
 The chairman was allowed to do what he wanted.
  The chairman could do what he wants.
  It's like since we talked about Atlantic City, there's that story about Frank Sinatra  and Dean Martin when they were helping open Atlantic City casinos,  went into the casino at like 3 a.
m.
  or something and demanded the poker dealer deal cards by hand,  which is incredibly illegal.
  And the pit boss had to go like, oh, OK, it's Frank's.
  Yeah, I guess so.
 It's Frank Sinatra.
  Again, incredibly illegal to deal  deal as if you were playing at your home and not from like a card distributor.
  Oh, no weird.
 Huh.
  And Frank gave him a pack of all kings.
 Yeah.
  OK, we got to do what he says.
  You make freaky mad.
  That's that's another aspect of anybody as like a good  record of what Frank did all day at Disneyland.
  Oh, yeah.
 Was anybody to know tracking him?  Yeah, absolutely.
  He had a son with him.
  He had Frankie Jr.
 Frankie Jr.
  Yeah.
 Yes.
  Who used to make who used to make fun of when he would tour with him.
  Hmm.
 Yeah, that's a good thing.
  Release the panther.
  Bite his crotch.
  He made he made it's like the scene in Talladega Nights.
  He made when Gary Cole makes Will Ferrell get in the car with the panther.
  Yeah, whatever.
  You'll never make your man that a tiger.
  I'm mixing up the tiger and the sex panther from Anchorman, I guess.
  Yes.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  I yeah, there's you know, there's another guy  who was here.
  That's an odd little sidetrack that I found.
  There's there's a lot.
  There's Art Linklater several times gives him  some audio real estate to pointing out Don DeFour.
  There's Don DeFour, who's one of those names who's sort of lost on you today.
  You know, clearly big in the in the 50s.
  And obviously, because then they say, I'm like, who's Don DeFour?  And he says, my old friend Don DeFour, Ozzy and Harriet's next door neighbor,  next door neighbor.
 I wrote this down, too.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Not previously aware of Don DeFour.
  But then I like, I like, well, I got to find out some info about Don DeFour.
  And why was he here?  And why did they make a point of because you see him on the Autopia  and at the launch of Casey Junior, the circus train,  which they called several times Casey Jones Jr.
  There's a lot of things wrong.
  They got things wrong all the time on this thing.
  They call it the Autopia.
  Ronnie Regan.
  Irene Dunn, the actress who christened the Mark Twain, calls Art Linklater Walt.
  So many mistakes in this.
  She was drinking from that bottle before she christened it, probably.
  Can I still smash it if it's open?  And then, I mean, that's one of those standard things, too.
  Then she tries to break the bottle and the bottle didn't break.
  I mean, it was just that sort of granular everything going wrong.
  But anyway, Don DeFour,  it's like, what is up with Don DeFour and what a delightful thing that I discovered.
  Let me do a quick screen share with you guys and tell you that Don DeFour  not only was at the opening day in 1955, but in 1957, opened up in Disneyland.
  Don DeFour's silver banjo barbecue restaurant.
  He was the only person, the only real person  to operate his own private establishment within Disneyland.
  And I'm showing you a Yesterland article where he's holding a big banjo.
  He's beaming.
 He's like he's in a barbershop quartet kind of hat.
  He's so proud.
 It's like the happiest guy I've ever seen.
  Silver banjo barbecue restaurant sounds great, honestly.
  Who's Verne DeFour?  Friends.
 And I think his wife worked there, too.
  This was a legit family restaurant by this celebrity.
  It'd be like, you know, a popular sitcom star that if Eric Stone Street  ran a ramen place in Disneyland.
  My pitch was like Richard Carnes pizza in Tomorrowland.
  Home improvements, Richard Carn.
  Nobody makes it like Al.
  Pretty, pretty great.
  It actually it shared a wall with the Aunt Jemima pancake house,  as aforementioned by Jason.
  The this is the reason that they can never redistribute  Dateline Disneyland officially.
  They did put out a DVD of it a long time ago.
  And now if they do, they will have to cut the reference to that  that they had for a very long time.
  Jim and Lendis Jim and Lendis did a very interesting look back at that  on their Disney dish.
  So I would recommend that, too.
  Well, and she let's just say she doesn't just like wave from a distance.
  She shows up in a musical number and dance.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 They say and here's Aunt Jemima.
  In already a very chaotic, chaotic musical number.
  All of them are because the cameras aren't equipped to film them correctly.
  And also now dance is filmed on television, you know, with a lot of angles  and things to cut to.
  And it's just like blurry cameras that like if you move your leg too fast,  the camera fuzzes out like you kill the lens.
  It's like this is no way to film a dance number.
  Yes, it's not like, oh, shoot, I'm forgetting the name of the band  that Mickey dances with that I love on that last  that Disneyland special we talked about a year ago or so.
  K-pop group.
 Yeah, yeah.
  What's that name of that band with the numbers?  Yeah, shoot.
 Don't recall.
  Not as good as that.
 Yeah.
  NCIS 8, 6, 7, 5, 3, 0, 9.
  That's correct.
 Yes.
  Um, where was I? Oh, well, here.
  Colorful characters.
  And this will also take us into, you know, one of one of the dance numbers.
  The best guy who appears on this special is one of the hosts,  and that is Bob Cummings.
  It occurred to me that I've heard that name my whole life as a Disneyland nerd.
  And I think as soon as I found out about this, obvious, you know,  when I was a kid and I heard about that special, I knew Ronald Reagan was  our link letter was around in our childhoods.
  But who was Bob Cummings?  I did not really know.
  He is an actor from the Bob Cummings show.
  He was in Dial M for Murder, you know, pretty good, respected actor.
  He won an Emmy four months prior to this special.
  So he was on top of the world.
  Bizarre facts about this guy.
  His godfather was Orville Wright, like the inventor of flight.
  Orville Wright.
 And he flew in the military.
  He was and also was a flight instructor for a long time.
  Very interested in piloting.
  And he in fact, when they started list giving out official  flight instructor licenses, he was number one.
  He's the very first Bob Cummings flight instructor.
  Number one.
 That's wild.
  Very strange.
 And then the bizarre fact, I just can't wrap my head around this sentence.
  He was an avid pilot and owned a number of airplanes all named Spinach.
  Is that a mistake?  Was that translated from another language?  All the airplanes he owned were named Spinach?  All named Spinach.
  Yeah, I tried to I Google it further a little bit.
  And yeah, it's like Spinach one and Spinach two.
  I don't really.
 How many did he have?  I don't know, three, at least.
  You can watch some video of Spears.
  There's somebody flying Spinach around right now.
  Spinach is still around in good shape.
  Really? Does Harrison Ford own Spinach?  He could.
 Not sure.
  Leno, perhaps.
 He's not in the planes.
  Does Leno have planes too?  He hates planes.
 He despises planes.
  Yeah, it's like a car in the sky.
  Yeah, no, I think Scott's right.
 I think Leno hates planes.
  That's why the cars is to, you know, make sure he's trying to get flight ended  altogether.
 Leno hates Leno hates planes, fire and rescue.
  He loves cars.
 He hates fire and rescue.
  Why did they do it?  Why did they own the whole franchise?  Anyway, I guess all of his planes were named Spinach  because he was a staunch advocate of natural foods.
  And he was all about health in general.
  And I think as he started getting into this stretch of his career,  where he's trying to do so much, he's trying to act on TV and film  and host specials like this, he starts complaining about a lack of energy  and him being a health food person.
  Like, how good what is it?  What's just a good natural way that I can get my energy up?  And this is in 1954, the year before this, this is starting.
  And he's complaining to to his friends, fellow celebrities,  Rosemary Clooney and Jose Ferrer Ferrer,  who recommended a doctor.
  I believe am I getting this right?  The doctor is named Dr.
  Bryce Hutchins, a very  Troy McClurey name.
  Maybe I'm getting the name wrong.
  Anyway, this is this doctor  recommend that there's a lot of celebrities at the time  were going to this doctor who were also complaining about a lack of energy.
  And he made a concoction that gave all the celebrities of the time  all the energy that they could ever want.
  And over the course of the years, what has come out  is that this concoction contained a substantial dose of methamphetamine.
  And let me make sure I have the right guy,  Dr.
 Bob Cummings, because you can find a list of like everybody  who was using this doctor.
  And it's like literally every celebrity of the time,  you know, including like Judy Garland.
  It is OK.
 It is Bryce Hutchins.
  No, no, no.
 He changed his name to Bryce Hutchins.
  I'm all over the map.
 I'm sorry here.
  Trying to find this doctor.
  Who is that? Max Jacobson is the doctor.
  And if you look at his clients, Lauren Bacall, Ingrid Bergman, Leonard Bernstein,  Bob Cummings, Rosemary Clooney, Judy Garland, Elvis Presley,  Nelson Rockefeller, Elizabeth Taylor, everyone who was famous in this era  was on meth.
  The same man was giving all 50 famous people  just injecting meth straight into him.
 Wow.
  Including vitamin A, Vegemin, try vitamin A, Vegemin for all you need.
  Including JFK.
  JFK was on this same doctor's meth.
  He was quoted.
  This isn't even made up or urban legend.
  This is a quote that people, aides around JFK express concern about.
  Maybe you shouldn't be on whatever this weird thing is that gives you all the energy  and makes you crazy.
  And he said, I don't care if it's horse piss.
  It works.
  It was it was later observed that JFK's leadership,  especially during the Cuban Missile Crisis, improved greatly  once the treatments were discontinued.
  So for the first two years of the presidency,  Kennedy is out of his fucking mind on meth.
  And then the stuff that we remember him for was done without the assistance of meth.
  Wow.
 All this to say that undoubtedly, if Bob Cummings got on this concoction in 1954,  he certainly was still on it for a big event like this.
  Was there a fight? You have to assume one of the hosts of the special  during the special was high on meth.
  Wow.
 Bob Cummings is methed up.
  He was in this special.
 Super methed up.
  And let me go even a little further.
  Let me go backwards and say, you know, the story is like, well, the doctor  insisted that it was only this and this, but it actually contained meth.
  But the shit that he admitted to is crazy, too, because he said, no, no, no.
  This is perfectly natural.
 My injections.
  It consists only of vitamins, sheep sperm and monkey gonads.
  Wait a minute.
 Go to hold on a second here.
  Hold on.
 Hold on.
 Hold on.
 All right.
  All right.
 Vitamins.
 Got it.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 Makes sense.
  Fine.
 Sheep sperm.
  And now, do you mean how do you get sperm without semen?  What is your method of extracting sperm without the substance that it  are you like plucking?  You have to be.
 Yes.
 Out.
  The instruments would be so tiny.
  It's just be I don't know.
  Exactly.
 How would that be the case?  Yeah, I don't know.
  So you have to admit there has to be some semen in the sheep sperm.
  Has to be.
 You cannot get sheep sperm without getting full sheep.
  And also, how are you getting the sheep sperm in general?  Well, there's only one way I know of.
  So something that that has to be what he's having.
  Maybe the doctor is hiring people to do it.
  But something that Tom Green would have done and Freddie Godfinger.
  Whatever the Tom Green of their day of the day was probably Bob Cummings  extracting Bob Cummings.
  That's what I didn't say.
  It was kind of a gross out show.
  The Bob Cummings show was mainly him jerking off farm animals.
  Well, we know he's a little horned up this day.
  That's for he is.
 Yes.
 Yes.
  And we'll get Michael, are you done?  Do you have any more questions?  I wasn't done.
 Yes.
  OK, the last one you said is actually the most confusing  because the other two are very I get I get the other two.
  Just in concept, how you would get like, yeah, she's got a monkey.
  Monkey gonads.
  How you said he gonads.
  OK, so gonads.
  That's the thing I hear that that means testicles.
  Am I correct? I think so.
  Which, like I feel like you only hear the word gonads.
  Very slangy colloquially, like doctors say gonads.
  Was that more common in the old days to use that instead of balls or testicles?  And also, is he making some sort of concoction in a cauldron?  What is like this sounds like he's casting a spell.
  Sperm of sheep and gonad of monkey.
  Yeah.
 A dash of meth will make you feel funky.
  So how much of a gonad is in?  Is it how much like is it a piece of the ball in each in each serving?  Do you do you grind it up and put the ball in a hole?  Or is it something you steep it in?  Is it like a bay leaf?  Is it just add to the flavor or is it part of the actual recipe?  Yeah.
 And how again?  And then the question of how do you get it?  How do you get is there was there a big push to neuter monkeys?  And he was paying doctors to get.
  Bob Barker broadened it out, but his initial what he wanted you to do  is spaying and neutering started with monkeys and monkey.
  And then as people stopped owning pet monkeys, he had to, you know,  make it be for dogs, too.
  And if you even Bob Barker, if you slow it down, he would say  if you could really listen and you turn the volume up and you say,  spay and neuter your pet and then give them to a doctor and make money.
  You can hear that if you really slow it down and speed it up.
  Isn't so that's very strange.
  Red Bull.
  Well, is it still or was there at some point in time in which Red Bull involved  testicle, the power of testicles?  Bull, is that true testicles?  Is there is that made is that like a weird  urban legend?  There's for sure results as I look up.
  Does Red Bull contain sperm from bull testicles?  But I don't think that it does anymore.
  I think that might be or, you know, some energy drink  did use testicles like years and years ago.
  That sounds like you are like a childhood room or you hear  like Yellow Five.
 Yeah.
  What do people think?  You mentioned that was a coloring and mountain dew  that people thought like decreased your sperm count.
  Is that been there?  It's not.
 I didn't say it's.
  I don't know.
 It's been proven either way.
  But I think it's a thing where you had to have like an insane amount of it.
  The since you mentioned a monkey, there is a really quick shot  when the parade is going on of like a monkey and an organ grinder on Main Street.
  Yeah.
 Did you notice if the monkey has does it have balls still?  No, the kinescope footage is so hard to tell.
  No, this poor monkey was the like  with the old school, like the Italian guy, like is your big day.
  You're going to be on TV.
  You're going to grind to the organ on television.
  Oh, it's a big day for you.
  And then like, excuse me, Mr.
  Bob Cummings would like to meet you, sir.
  Oh, wonderful.
  No, he just wants to talk to the monkey.
  Oh, OK, as unusual.
  But and then he goes off.
  He needs his energy.
  Oh, you mean he needs him to clap around and dance to give him energy.
  That sounds fine.
  Yeah, something like that.
  Monkey leaves to go meet Bob Cummings returns 15 minutes later.
  What happened to his gonads?  Oh, no.
  And Bob is like, you shut up.
  I'm full of energy and I'm ready to host.
  I didn't do shit.
 You can't prove nothing.
  I didn't freshly squeeze them like they were grapefruits.
  All right.
 Now put me on.
 Get me on air.
  I'm an entertainer, the greatest in the world.
  This isn't a Hitchhawk movie.
  I can get away with murder in real life.
  Wow.
 What?  The past was crazy, right?  Yeah, this is all what this all shines a light on.
  It's that the 50s were bonkers, which brings us to what Jason alluded to.
  And this is I think all this is crucial backstory for what is maybe the most  memorable strange moment of the live broadcast.
  So Bob Cummings is around.
  He's introducing people.
 Nothing's going awry.
  He's just smiling big.
  Why, he's even in the parade with his wife and children.
  Let me repeat it.
  Bob Cummings and his wife are seen earlier in the broadcast.
  And then later in the broadcast, it cuts to another dance routine,  the third or fourth in the thing.
  And this one's kind of like a cowgirl roundup type dance routine.
  And it's fun.
 It's a big hoedown.
  Everybody's having a blast.
  And then all of a sudden it cuts to a weird angle and somebody's back is turned  and you can't quite see what's happening.
  And then that person turns around and it's Bob Cummings who makes a face  like he was caught, as does the woman who he was clearly just making out with.
  She is one of the cowgirls in this dance number.
  And Bob looks a little like, oh, whoops, the girl looks terrified.
  She is so upset to be caught on camera and just runs out of frame  as fast as she possibly can.
  Is this supposed to be like a bit?  That's what I said.
 But then I found a news story from KPCC,  one of the local public radio stations from 2012.
  And they are treating the Cummings incident as like, no, this is real.
  How did he not just get immediately fired?  Or nowadays, that would be a career killer.
  And they're like, it just didn't have it in 1955.
  Like, what if they cut to ABC special and Regis was making out with Cinderella?  It's what he always wanted.
  That was the dream.
  We know we know.
  But what if it actually was on camera during a live broadcast?  And we know we know about his wife.
  We it's what Joy, right?  Joy.
 Yeah, we know.
  We saw him with Joy.
  And then 45 minutes later, he's got his tongue on Cinderella.
  Well, I would love it is what is my answer.
  I don't want to cause any strife to the Philbins, but what a great show that would be  purely conceptually, as far as TV moments,  it would be one of the greatest TV moments of all time.
  It would be better than the moon landing  by far better than the moon landing.
 Yeah.
  There's another there's another piece of context that we have not mentioned yet  because we got the plumber strike.
  We got the counterfeit, the all the extra people.
  The water pipes aren't working.
  There was one other big thing going on.
  While all this is happening and Cummings is like gassed out of his mind  on concoctions, oceans, there's a heat wave.
  There's a heat wave going on,  the going over like 100 degrees or just an insane heat wave in Southern California,  Southern California known for being hot.
  But like it only once or twice a summer does it usually get that hot.
  Honestly, right now it's in the high 90s in the San Fernando Valley.
  But there's a heat wave.
  Everyone's out of their minds.
  There's only three restaurants.
  There's like popcorn and cigarettes and Coca Cola, a chicken of the sea thing.
  Like, I don't know.
  So you're saying that there's scorching hot tuna.
  Yeah.
 Available food today.
  Yeah.
 With coffee and Pepsi Cola.
  Whole milk and cigarettes.
  Yeah.
 All right.
  I got my cigarettes.
  Got my flaming hot tuna.
  Got my coffee.
  Sizzling.
 The tuna is sizzling from the sun.
  You can hear it crackling while.
  I have I have freshly extracted these monkey gonads.
  Get me on TV.
 I'm ready to go.
  So this is what you're dealing with and you're dealing  whether you're just a guest or a broadcaster with miles and miles of cable.
  And then you turn around and you see the site.
  I just sent you guys through text message.
  Just the scariest god damn Donald Duck you ever seen.
  I will describe this right now.
  So there's a Donald Duck that is in what I would call like a velour jumpsuit  that would simulate like what Donald's shirt and bottom half where the seat is.
  And then orange leggings with sort of little duckbills sticking out.
  Then what I would like as if Donald had a tracheotomy,  like his neck, something's wrong with his throat.
  And then a Donald Duck head on the top and the Donald Duck head  actually looks OK in my mind.
  And then to the left, you see some other characters, including Mickey,  who has his head off and a woman holding the head in the outfit.
  And woman, it's like any of our grandmas, but younger.
  Yeah, she has taken the head off.
  I assume this is in full view of all the guests.
  I yeah, or I think what this might I think the context of this might be  before the fantasy land opening  moment where, you know, all the characters do a little dancing  and kids run out of the rides and stuff.
  This might be like right before the cameras cut to him.
  But still, even that, I don't think they would do.
  They would never have a head off out in the park.
 Right.
  And I'm realizing I miss like Chipper Dale's head is also off right here as well.
  Yeah.
 And that's another thing.
  Not only is the broadcast fully available on YouTube,  the worldwide press was here, including Life magazine,  who, if you need a good photo back in the day, Life magazine  was like the source for photography and I believe is now owned by the Getty  Photo Collection.
  So there is amazing quality photos of this opening day.
  Yeah, I have one actually to screen share with you guys.
  This is original Mickey and Minnie.
  And, you know, we could probably do an entire episode discussing  the bizarre appearances of these early characters.
  But this the rumor that I heard on some pocket,  maybe Jim and Len even, is that these were hastily borrowed from the Ice Capades.
  Like, yeah, I think we've talked about that before.
  Yeah, Ice Capades.
 Yeah.
  So that's what these are.
  The only that was the only place that suited characters had really existed.
  So they're just it's essentially just Mickey and Minnie are in black sweaters  and pants with just, you know, shorts and a skirt.
  And then, you know, I think what the unifying thing with the bizarre Donald  Throat and the characters we're looking at right now, I think Disney had not figured out  how to gracefully make, you know, what do you call it, scrims  for the people inside to see through.
  There is nothing graceful about what we're looking at, which it just looks like Mickey  and Minnie both have just like crevices, like big scar,  like chunks of their face carved out.
  Like, it looks like they had cancerous moles removed  right before they started filming and a bunch of them like Mazlakes.
  Sir, this is this Mr.
 Mouse.
  This is the size of a golf ball and you will die before day's end  if we don't tear it out right now.
  All right.
 But I got to get out there.
  Disneyland's opening.
  I know, sir.
 I'm so sorry, but we have to do this.
  All right.
 If you have to, you will die mid-dance routine  if we don't take this saw to your face.
  I like that.
  Like, Minnie's ear is like it's like I think it's just peeled back here  in this picture, too.
 Where is it?  Yeah, there's kind of like a like our face kind of got pancakes.
  And then there's just like a loose hose around.
  There's a loose hose on the ground.
  We can't go one foot to the right of Mickey,  who, as we've said, has extremely limited visibility.
  Yes.
  You would think that would be an easy one of like,  get that hose out of the way.
  But maybe that hose was like giving water to a toilet.
  Maybe there was like a kind of a  like a lo fi solution to a problem.
  There's there's urine coursing through it right now.
  Yeah, draining urine.
  If Mickey tripped and fell, it would make the hose  it would make the hose just spray pee all over the cowgirls next to them.
  In this photo.
  Correct me if I'm wrong.
  Real quick to go back to Minnie's face.
  Does it appear that they quickly tried to draw on eyelashes to Minnie's face?  Because that's what it looks like to me.
  They just like got a pencil and were like, both mouse heads are the same.
  Let's put a bow on Minnie and try to draw eyelashes.
  And they had like maybe a number two pencil.
  And that was the best they could do.
  Very asymmetrical eyelashes  and just like massive lips, like beesting in your allergic lips.
  It's pretty crazy.
  Minnie, in general, looks like if your  three year old who has just started to draw says,  I drew a picture of you, mommy.
  And you look like a monster.
  It's like the most unflattering thing you could imagine.
  But you have to say it's perfect.
  You made me look so pretty.
 I love you.
  James Cameron handed this photo as reference to like the Avatar CGI artist.
  It's like, OK, when the Navi fight the big mech suits at the end,  this is their battle paint.
  Make it look like this one right one between the eyes, a bunch above the lips.
  Well, yeah, yeah.
  I also there's also this weird photo, which is Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds  like force feeding a soda to an astronaut.
  They don't know they're gacked out of their minds.
  They were both on the meth list.
  They are both on the meth list.
  This is these are Carrie Fisher's parents.
  Was Carrie or Carrie? Let's just say it.
  They Eddie and Debbie were hopped up on meth and sheep sperm  and conceived Carrie in a field that day.
  Right after they force fed Coca-Cola  to an astronaut to an astronaut, a space astronaut,  a special future astronaut, Bob Cummings just tossed them a full monkey gonad.
  Have fun, guys.
  Again, I keep I keep drawing, tying it back to like,  can you imagine if all the stars of TGIF were methed up on one of these specials?  Like going through the park lawlessly,  just like making making performers drink.
  I'm Ben Savage, but I recently just realized I'm the devil.
  He's new over there, a worker.
  I have a Fanta, I have an orange Fanta that I need you to drink.
  Glug it.
  Ben Savage is my name and also describes what I am.
  Have you seen that fanny pack?  I need I left I left an Epcot fanny pack here.
  It's very important I get a pack.
  I'm a dead man if I don't get that back.
  Just celebrities opening of Animal Kingdom,  driving by the monkeys in their lips, watering.
  They're all pulling the emergency stop.
  Let me out.
 Let me out.
  Let us out here.
  Well, the 80s specials like the circus and World Showcase or whatever that one is,  the celebrities are all like really slow because they the drug of choice was a lewd.
  So everyone's just really.
  That's a good point.
  You can really you can tell the where what the most popular drug is by whatever  Disney special is occurring.
  I also, by the way, just to like not only have crazy fun and laugh at this,  Bob Cummings like crazily struggle with this thing through his whole life.
  And in fact, it got so bad that he had an intervention that was pulled together by Art Linkletter.
  So just that as context watching this special, the two of those one had to do a  an intervention for the other and then the third became the president of the United States.
  It's so bizarre.
  So crazy.
  Another thing to point out about the Reagan thing, when Bob Cummings at some point says  about Tomorrowland and we take you all the way to the future of 1986.
  Tomorrowland is a future where one of the hosts of the special is the president.
  Isn't that weird?  Yes, it's very weird.
  I have to think, too.
  They went 1986 because 1985, that would be 30 years in the future.
  But that's too too close to 1984.
  So, yeah, 1986, whatever.
  All that stuff will be fixed by then.
  1986 will never come.
  That'll never happen.
 So, yeah, we're safe.
  So far away.
  And safe to say, Reagan did not usher in that Tomorrowland.
  No.
 I mean, I maintain that  the perfect Tomorrowland is and always was 1986.
  They got it right the first time.
  Tomorrowland peaked in 86 with the current troubles of Disneyland.
  I don't think it's going to get better anytime soon.
  So it just always should have been 1986 land and never changed.
  Can I transition since we mentioned to Tomorrowland?  I have two big things about Tomorrowland.
  One is kind of the obvious one.
  Walt, there's a Walt blooper in the broadcast  where he is introducing the land of Tomorrowland.
  And he starts his introduction.
  He nails it.
  But the camera is like a hair late on him.
  So the camera guy is going like, start over, start over.
  And Walt kind of annoyed, hits it again to restart his introduction.
  Yeah.
 And that is live.
  This is a live broadcast.
  So that blooper is in there.
  You'll see Art Linkletter stumble on his words a few times,  pretty much keep it together.
  But like Art, probably a little annoyed by being caught on camera, having to redo.
  Like, and he's a pro.
  He nails the words he's trying to say.
  I think that that might have been a chain reaction  spurred by cutting to Bob Cummings making out with the random dancer,  him getting caught because he recovers and go like, OK, well, whoops.
  We're having fun here.
  Hey, we're going to kick it over to Ronnie Regan.
  And I think that's when he says the name weird.
  And then I think it cuts to the wrong thing.
  I think that legitimately caused a chain reaction that led to this Walt fuck up.
  Yeah, because there's a weird, it cuts away from Tomorrowland  for a color guard ceremony, and then it cuts back to Tomorrowland.
  And this is what I had.
  This is what I was alluding to earlier.
  One of the few seemingly filmed in advance things.
  I think it's filmed in advance.
  I could be wrong.
  But we meet Dr.
  Heinz Haber, Haber, and he tells us about nuclear energy.
  And Tomorrowland, again, the ride wasn't working on opening day.
  So but there are some science exhibits and Disney was doing a lot for NASA.
  Disney was doing a lot of informational things.
  So who is Dr.
 Heinz Haber?  Well, he would go on to become the chief scientific consultant  for Walt Disney Productions.
  But a few years before that, Dr.
  Heinz Haber was fighting with the German Luftwaffe during World War Two.
  Oh, no.
 Oh, my God.
  And was a scientist and was one of the I thought.
  Hmm.
 German scientist.
  1950s.
 Let me Google a certain phrase.
  Go ahead.
 Yes, indeed.
  Dr.
 Heinz Haber was one of the scientists gotten out of Europe  as part of Operation Paperclip, the American intelligence program  to poach scientists for our purposes and for the budding NASA program  to get them out of Europe so the Soviet Union could not get them.
  You might also recognize Dr.
  Heinz Haber's friend in some other Disney specials.
  Dr.
 Werner von Braun.
  I actually don't know if he was a doctor.
 He probably was.
  He was a rocket scientist.
  He made the helped to make the V2 rockets that were used against the allies  in World War Two, gotten out of Europe and helped start NASA.
  What helped propel NASA forward?  A series of Walt Disney Productions documentaries about space and the atomic age.
  So just a few short years before this, a lot of the American personalities  were fighting with the allies and some of the German on camera  talent were fighting with the Nazis.
  Whoa.
 Wow.
  Yeah, that the past was weird.
  The past was weird.
  But you saw the optimism at the introduction of the special  because there's a very like optimistic.
  We're all one the American way of life,  which is they make sure to note is God loving and God fearing.
  Yes, they mention world peace.
  We're concerned about world peace.
 We're concerned about brotherhood.
  So everyone was just kind of cool of making television  specials with former Nazis back then.
  That's just that's how we got to the moon.
  That's how we got to the space.
  So Nazi scientists,  guys on camera cheating on their wives  because they're so hopped up on monkey gonads and meth.
  Future land was born.
  Disneyland was born this way.
  Everyone's imagining, of course, it's just wholesome  because everyone's myth making about Disneyland and the company.
  And walled is all it's so whole.
  Something's wholesome and pure.
  Everything's awesome.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 I.
  I.
  Geez, wild.
  Chaos Disneyland.
  It's a I don't know.
  Do we do we do we miss this?  Do we pine for this when it was just?  Well, I mean, I think we haven't even we've barely touched on.
  I think the most chaos Disneyland is the full frontier land sequence.
  Oh, sure.
 Yes.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  And I think we all want to talk about that.
  Well, you probably have more than me.
  I certainly have some quotes picked out, but if you want to take us through it.
  Well, I mean, this starts, they kind of go land by land in the special.
  But my favorite part of this is just when they transition into the frontier land  segment and they cut to art link letter holding a gun.
  And then he turns to a kid.
  He turns to all these kids.
  This is clearly kind of loosely scripted because he's like, what do you want kids?  And all the all the kids are like, we want Davey Crockett.
  And he goes, all right.
  I'm going to give you this gun, Robert.
  And he answered the kid the gun.
  The kid fires the gun in the air.
  And that causes Davey Crockett and friends to ride in on horses.
  And they talk about some trouble they had with Native Americans.
  And Davey Crockett's idiot friend got his gun powder wet.
  But still, they reached for old Betsy.
  OK.
 OK.
 So imagine Regis.
  A kid goes, I want to see this.
  Regis, a kid goes, I want to see Timon and Pumbaa.
  And Regis goes, I got a gun here for you.
  Here's the gun.
  Fired it in the air and the Timon and Pumbaa will come.
  Fire another round.
 They didn't hear you.
  Get your hole.
 Empty your clip.
  And when they're done and when they're done dancing, I'm going to take their gonads.
  Regis needs energy.
  Regis, did you think Regis was always on meth during his career?  Or did he have that natural energy?  Maybe he was the first.
  So people were like, like somewhere backstage.
  So he's like, so what kind of gonads do you use?  Is it a hog or a gorilla?  What do you actually know? No gonads.
  What? It's a miracle.
  How could somebody have this much energy without the help of gonads?  Boy, you'll work forever, kid.
  Would you say your name again?  Regis.
 Regis.
 Regis.
  Fes, get out there.
 Fes Parker.
  They called you five minutes ago.
  Oh, shit.
  So, yeah.
  So Fes, so David Crockett comes out at this point.
  Right.
 He like immediately.
  Who's with him again? I'm forgetting already.
  Is it Buddy Edson?  Was that his partner on the show?  I forget the character names.
  It's like comic relief.
 Right.
  And then basically, Jason, maybe you know this more specifically.
  I do.
 I'm just recapping from memory.
  But he basically tells a lighthearted story about how he just killed some Native Americans.
  Yeah.
 With some words that we don't like that are still the names of certain football teams.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  Which I guess I guess because of the show,  everybody was just like, we know who's good and bad in this situation.
  Yay.
  I don't think there was much nuance to the character at this time.
  Yeah, probably not.
 Kind of not.
  I think it still took a few years for like spaghetti Western sort of like,  you know, a little more thoughtful Westerns.
  There was very briefly, I told like telling Jane about like in Ithaca  had the has the full Serling archives.
  He did do a one season Western that was like Twilight Zone kind of social commentary  in a Western setting.
 Really?  And America hated it.
  They did not want to think we want our myth.
  We want our fake stuff.
  They they want the myth.
  Cowboys and Indians were that was the Avengers.
  That was like the most popular entertainment of this time period.
  Right.
 Even though I mean, it was about like the the distance  we are in time from the Disneyland special is the distance  that Disneyland people were from the Wild West.
  Kind of give or take.
 Absolutely.
  Yeah.
 Weird.
 Yeah, that's true.
  Yeah, it's so yeah.
  So, I mean, they're they're pining for 55 years earlier on Main Street.
  Of course, they're going to be romanticizing like 60, 70,  80 years earlier in the in the American West.
 Right.
  The ballad of Davy Crockett was the biggest song.
  That was that was the song of the summer back in 55.
  That was that was get lucky at this time.
  The list so of its era and I like that.
  I was just like, are there offensive lyrics in that?  So yes.
 All right.
  Verse two almost immediately.
  They're like, boy, crazy.
  I was there anything else weird about that?  That day or do they just kind of sing it?  And what I mean is a song about a gun, as you said.
  So then they sing a song and a dance, have a dance number about the gun  that he just about about killing  which Americans with it, it heightened so much like they're.
  First off, it's very clumsily set up.
  Then dancers come out and dance around Frontierland.
  Then it kind of cuts around the corner, transition around the corner.
  The Disneyland Jazz Band comes out and then they.
  Yeah, then they introduce Aunt Jemima, who comes out and dances.
  So from a child, a child firing a gun starts a chain of events  for a massive music number  where there's probably people scream, like not screaming, but whisper,  screaming like, get out of the way, get out, get move, move those cats.
  We need that.
 The dancers got to come.
  The jazz band's got to come.
  Like, it's just a lot going on.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 Yeah, it's it's insane.
  And it is, correct me if I'm wrong, the most ambitious thing  they did in this special, seemingly.
  Seemingly, we're going to make it like Disney's been  they've been prepping and remastering the they're going to do the like,  you know, the ultimate anniversary re-release on Disney Plus  of Dateline Disneyland, the opening day special.
  And someone will listen to this podcast and go, oh, wait, right.
  None of it is viewable anymore.
  None of us are going to release.
  The special was five minutes long.
  And we're going to show it to you on Disney Plus now.
  For we I guess that's just the way they did things back then.
  Specials were five minutes.
  They had to go unedited.
  There's so many disclaimers like may contain cigarette usage, outdated  racial depictions.
  A man who shot down your great uncle.
  Off screen Matthews on screen wife cheating.
  I mean, there is funny or more wholesome.
  Like I think you guys some picture.
  There's pictures of the Golden Horseshoe.
  There's children being handed what looks like very heavy mugs of root beer.
  And in the lower portion of the frame, there is very clearly an ashtray  because there's just ashtrays everywhere.
  No gum.
 Please smoke.
  I mean, Jason, can you you can you imagine you as an old timey boy  having a big mug of root beer in the Golden Horseshoe opening day?  Doesn't that look nice?  I seemingly possibly possibly glass mugs may be plastic.
  They look like glass.
  Be glass.
 Yeah, there's Tomorrowland Tomorrowland, which with the ride  not working is literally just the world of tomorrow is chairs  outdoor in the shade and a worldwide clock.
  Yeah.
 Cool.
  A couple exhibits, but mostly chairs in the shade.
  There's one part of the special that they can show.
  In fact, it'll be just this.
  This part is perfectly wholesome.
  And you talk about painting for, you know, a time that feels very far away now,  but wasn't at the time.
  Art Linklater is talking about turn of the century  Missouri as portrayed in Main Street.
  And this one phrase is, boy, I couldn't relate to this.
  I guess I don't understand what life was like in the 1890s or whatever.
  Because what the hell does this mean?  So there's a it's like a Wurlitzer stores,  like a place where you could buy instruments.
  Another one of these bizarre.
  Could you just buy a full organ at Disneyland?  Yeah.
 But I don't know if that's just for show or if they had instruments.
  But art is kind of recalling the era.
  And he says, if you were court and a gal,  that's where you'd buy your mandolin or your banjo  and start tuning it up for the Sunday canoe ride.
  Oh, you kid.
  Twenty three skidoo.
  It's Sunday.
 Yeah, you ride.
  So the to use, you know,  slang of the 2020s, is that a thing?  The is so like in that it's codified enough that we all know the sun.
  It's not a Sunday canoe ride.
  It's the Sunday canoe ride as if this is a thing you do every Sunday.
  That was just court it.
 You would court.
  That's how you court it.
  This was the card, the previous.
  This was Tinder of its era.
  You would go on a canoe ride.
  And if you were if the canoe flipped, if you were pushed out of it,  that's a no.
 And the courting was not successful.
  But if you if your song is sweet enough.
  Oh, my little gal,  that's the way you make my heart go.
  Twenty three is a good do.
  Then you're in perhaps you get a second date  and then you'll get lucky.
  As the song from 50 years, 100 years later.
  That's a battle.
  That's what will be recalled in 100 years.
  And I mean, you get lucky to each other.
  Get lucky with a kiss on Holiday Hill.
  That's what I mean by parents.
  Parents were so overbearing at the turn of the century.
  Young people had to paddle to the middle of the lake  to do hand stuff in a canoe.
  You had to get you got to get a mandolin as a smoke screen and like,  oh, we're just going to play the mandolin in a canoe.
  Honey, where are you going today?  I'm going to play a mandolin in a canoe.
  Oh, OK.
 All right.
  Have fun.
 Sounds quite.
  Oh, Lord.
 I'm not concerned in the least.
  The mandolin I bought on Main Street.
  But then but you would maybe have to contend with a jealous father  scuba diving, wading in the middle of the lake and popping up.
  If they go with the gun with Betsy,  with that fire in a hole, it's  you better get swimming, boy.
  Betsy, the Disneyland gun, not with my daughter.
  But then if he said,  will you marry me?  If he made it right and proposed marriage while the canoe was sinking,  then then that was OK.
  He would then he would have patched the canoe and steer them to shore  so they could start having children  immediately.
 Get to it.
  How old are you guys? 14 and 13.
  Sounds good.
  That gives you plenty of time to have like 11 kids.
  Oh, the past.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Here's here's another past thing as alluded to at the beginning.
  Walt gives the speech, which is very famous.
  The plaque is on the flagpole at Disneyland.
  And as part of the ceremony,  he is surrounded by leaders from the three major faiths,  Catholicism, Judaism and Protestantism.
  All three, all three of them got it.
  Check, check, check.
  As far as I know, it's only three and there they are.
  Um, what else?  I'm in kind of a grab bag mode at this point.
  I mean, so much fun.
  I art art at a certain well, the Autopia art goes, you know,  on the Autopia, women drivers are given a little special space  on the highway.
  Do you really think is a joke in there?  It's in there.
  And he says it, though, in such a straight way as if to say like,  oh, you know, like in real life, how women need more space.
  Like he says it almost to the point where it's just fact and not a joke.
  I really don't even know what he's talking about.
  Boy, yeah, no idea.
  The Autopia, which was chaos, obviously, got Sammy Hitt and Frank.
  There was no guide rail at that time.
  There's a lot of the Autopia cars were involved in the opening day  parade and they all conked out like after they were running for 15 minutes  and then like out all gone because it was so hot.
  So Bob Gurr had to run around and hand start each and every one of them  before the live parade that 90 million people are watching.
  California Governor Goodwin Knight speaks  who is a buddy of Richard Nixon, who is Republican governor of California.
  How soon after this was Reagan, the governor of California,  how long did he have Goodwin Knight's job?  Reagan governor 67.
  Jesus, he was governor.
  Oh, my God.
 The same the number of the Trump.
  Yeah.
 And I Goodwin really leans into like God fearing nation.
  We're a God fearing nation.
  All these figures of authority to talk the same way.
  The like minister, the governor, there was just like if you were a community figure,  there was just one way to talk.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  There was one that rings in my head a lot the way is it's used in a lot of clips  is the round around Reagan saying all activity on Main Street as he's  and now I just said that's like you could wake me up in the middle of the night  and say, what did Robert Reagan say in the special?  And I'd say all activity on Main Street as haste  just firmly lodged in my head.
  As is another quote, here's a not everybody talk the same way  because we haven't talked about I mean, God knows I've given plenty of time on the show to this,  but let's acknowledge it.
  My favorite thing in the world, my favorite moment in Disney special history  happens in this very special, which is that all of the children are lined up outside  the castle and then a knight pulls up.
  Who I wonder, is it supposed to be that that is the knight's voice doing this?  Like, is it coming from him? I'm not sure.
  But this is the opening of Fantasyland.
  My my very favorite thing, which I feel like now I'm going to fuck up if I don't.
  Open the Fantasyland Castle  in the name of the children of the world.
  Perhaps blowing out the mic.
  I can't not do it.
  It makes me so happy to hear it's the greatest thing.
  That's the highlight.
 Yeah.
  I know I've since we mentioned that in the show, I've become very fond of it.
  And I've, you know, I shout it in many occasions.
  I said it when I went into Tokyo Disney the first time, when Galaxies Edge opened  the first time.
  I shouted it as my son was arriving.
  Open the birth canal  for that in the name of the children of me.
  It's a very, very touching moment.
  Every every all the doc, they had a tear in their eye, I assume.
  I got a round of applause from the doctors.
  They didn't know what you were talking about, but they loved it.
  They loved it.
  And then Aaron and Aaron kicked me in the face.
  No childbirth, mid childbirth, that enough was so annoyed.
  Bleeding from the nose.
  Bleeding through a mask.
  Yes, I did.
 Yes, you're right.
  I didn't have to do it through a mask.
  We did.
 What happened?  Is this from the baby? No.
  You got kicked.
  Well, when Disneyland reopens,  I think we know who should be first in line.
  Yes, yes.
 To do it.
  They not only is they should hire me, it's the only way to get the spirit back.
  They should hire you.
  Except I don't want to be there.
 Jesus.
  No, no, no, you have to be there first in line.
  Well, I'm going to be nervous to be there and I'm going to be nervous about my health.
  And there's only one work around to that.
  I need to make my own concoction of meth and monkey gonads.
  And sheep sperm, sheep sperm.
  Don't forget, don't forget the sheep and the vitamins.
  The last little dusting that makes it special.
  Anyway, after that happens, then not to overlook  the rest of the opening of Fantasyland, which is Bedlam,  it's madness, just like all these children just sprint  into the castle with all of these bizarre, grotesque, rudimentary  characters, just waving them in this furiously.
  Go, go, go, go, go.
  Kids just running all over the drawbridge and then just like,  you know, like straight into the line, the Peter Pan line, they all just like pile up.
  They're like hitting each other's backs.
  They're so desperate to get into the thing.
  They all the kids jump on to the tea cups with, again, another bizarre character.
  The the the the what the March hair that the Azur Lane hair is so frightening.
  It's very Donnie Darko.
  It's this this rabbit that appears to you in your dreams is waving children on  who just like pile in haphazard.
  Nobody's letting them in carefully.
  Nobody's opening the door, closing the door for him.
  And then like the rabbits are just spinning the teacups.
  The ride starts and there's still a technician out there.
  He's like hoping buckle in one of the kids and then it goes.
  And he kind of jumps.
 Jesus.
  They to 90 million to an audience of 90 million people  presented the most chaotic ride safety scenario.
  There was.
 Yeah, there was.
  I mean, it was still probably safer than those trash carousels  you'd find in a Griffith Park, probably much safer still things  with their disgusting benches.
 Yeah.
  That Disney just has a million facsimiles of it's like August was Walt's bench.
  It's like, all right, man.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 This thing could collapse at any minute.
  Just like the wood just tears my leg open.
  Now I need now I need shots.
  OK, sure, Scott, the Fantasyland segment is bombastic.
  But what about the like full two minutes where they cut to Ronnie Reagan  talking to Jack Rather and his wife and they seemingly just plug  the coming Disneyland Hotel and then just have small talk for a while.
  God, I must stop paying attention if you can imagine that.
  Jack Rather, of course, owned the Disneyland Hotel, ran it for many years  because Walt the story is that Walt ran out of money to build a hotel.
  So he asked his friend to add hotels.
  Jack Rather in the 50s was producing television shows  and then just like in that weird sort of boardroom.
  It's like, oh, you're going to produce a television shows.
  You should just have a bunch of hotels, too.
  Oh, sounds good.
 I'll do that.
  Like this weird, weird thing where he just has a bunch of hotels  and and they just talk about what the Disneyland Hotel is going to be.
  And he's like, oh, you should bring Nancy and the kids like, oh, we'll do that.
  When are you opening?  Oh, September.
 We'll have more stuff in January.
  Oh, we'll be there in September.
  It's just like a cocktail party conversation  that they're broadcasting to millions of people.
  It's not interesting.
  It's the original Jimmy Fallon and Lin-Manuel Miranda.
  Just shooting the shit.
  No, the friends in real life.
  The friends in real life.
  Whoa.
 Oh, my God.
  Jack Rather and Ronnie Reagan have the most epic bromance.
  Oh, my God.
  This is an incredible 90 minutes that took longer than 90 to go over.
  I think I for many years have been overlooking what a delightful thing  this is to watch, which is on YouTube, by the way.
  And I imagine some of you listening are going to want to check it out after this.
  You get so much.
  It is.
 It is more jam packed than any Disney special could ever be.
  Yeah, it is.
 I again, I guess I've seen clips, but when you really sit and watch it,  there are we probably only hit like a quarter of how funny it is.
  It is so fun.
  It's something that, yeah, yeah.
  I mean, the way the Bob Comings getting caught plays out is so funny.
  All that mixed with here's one more thing I forgot about, which is just that  this is by no fault of their own.
  But when you know that it starts with it's a it's a black and white newsroom  they cut to and it's a flurry and people, his phone's ringing and loud typewriters  and people are handing papers off and this kind of like a stressed out guy in a  white shirt.
 And we take you now to Disneyland where the immortal Mickey Mouse  will be opening his dream park.
  And it's so severe and just like with the people running all around.
  I'm sure this is what all news broadcasts were like at the time.
  But just viewing it now in the 2020s, you're like, well, it feels exactly like the  Kennedy assassination.
  It's just like the same vibe.
  It's it's like it's alarming that what you get after this then is just nice dance  numbers because you expect to be told and it is official Mickey Mouse.
  Dead today.
  Donald Duck being sworn in, wipes a tear, gets his composure back.
  And then what would it sound like when he gets sworn in?  I solemnly.
  Duty.
  Jesus Christ.
  How can this be this bad?  How we do voices on the show.
  Sometimes people are like, hey, that impression was kind of good.
  Donald Duck, just we all three of us just shit the bed.
  Still eluding us.
  But I had I could have improved.
  It was weeks ago whenever that happened.
  And I have.
 Yeah, I wanted to improve, but I have not.
  Yeah.
 So, yeah.
  Well, well, we all need to look within and better.
  So it's I well, our our impressions are the audio  equivalence of that original Donald Duck costume.
  Yeah, that's a good point.
  Just as odd and unpleasant.
  Yeah, yes.
 Yeah.
  Well, have we missed anything?  I mean, this was a great day 65 years ago.
  A day to honor a day that the only way a July 17th  could have been more chaotic is if they opened the park mid pandemic.
  So 1955 title will remain as the most chaotic July 17th there ever was.
  I mean, again, as I as far as like my notes, yes, we're done.
  But again, if you really if you got some time, watch this special  and you I'm sure you will find a hundred things we didn't even talk about.
  And and look up the life like there's a lot of good slideshows.
  Look, the Life magazine photos are really something.
  We'll post some of them on Twitter, but really something to see.
  I am I am wiped out from my blood sugar.
  Feels like it's at a very low, low level.
  I do need some sort of medicine or something.
  A little magic cocktail from a guy they call Dr.
  Feelgood.
  Yeah.
 Well, can you procure these things?  I guess just Google Google Sheep Sperm.
  See if well, we know I mean, we know how you can get sheep.
  Yeah, it's not that complicated.
  It's just a matter of if you want to do it and if a farmer like you.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So Monkey Gonad.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So Monkey Gonad, you might have to know a guy.
  Yeah.
 Wouldn't recommend.
  No, we'll start making calls as as for now.
  You survived podcast, the ride, an episode that made a bomb out of Barnum.
  And for more Barnum bomb worthy content,  you can check out our Twitter, our Instagram and Facebook and the second gate  at Patreon dot com slash podcast, the ride.
  We just did a very fun episode this week.
  You know, as us being a theme park podcast, you obviously all were waiting  for our episode about the villain of the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers movie,  Ivan Ooze.
  Sorry, we got to it so late.
  Us, the theme park podcast.
  But yeah, go check it out.
  And what else?  What's the what's the what's the sign off way to what's something from the  special to question?  Let's see here.
  We could.
 All right, Scott, I'm going to hand you this gun.
  Right.
 And as I when I fire the gun, that will signal the end of the episode  and the start of all our listeners being unnerved.
  Being mad at us.
  All right.
 Goodbye, everybody.
  Goodbye.
  Forever.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com  and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
  Visit forever dog podcasts dot com and subscribe to our shows on Apple  podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and  Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
