 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast involves a horrible football team owner.
  The episode was recorded weeks ago before the horrible owner reluctantly agreed to change  his team's horrible name.
  But that doesn't make him any less horrible.
  Besides all that, get ready for an amusing discussion of the Six Flags Dancing Old Man,  Mr.
 Six, on Podcast The Ride.
  Podcast The Ride is coming.
  I am your host, Scott Gardner.
  I'm joined by Michael Carlson and also Jason Sheridan.
  Mr.
 Six is the topic.
  He's the old man from Six Flags.
  The whole app will be like this for over 90 minutes.
  Hey now, hey now, welcome to Podcast The Ride.
  I mean, I've lost the momentum already, but just, you know, ask for the music if you guys  want to make any points, you know, set to that, to that intonation.
  I was going to say, we like, we like to kill time.
  We like, we like to kill time.
  That was going to be my addition.
  We like to podcast.
  We like to podcast.
  We like to podcast.
  We like to podcast.
  Yeah.
  We can do, we can do the whole thing.
  Certainly.
  I'm happy to do the entire song in homage to, for the good boys, homage to the Venga  Boys, which is what this whole episode will be.
  We're talking Mr.
 Six.
  And as I said, in case you didn't know, that is the old man from Six Flags.
  I think you could just as well call this episode the old man from Six Flags.
  But ever since I learned that he had a name, it's impossible to not use it.
  Mr.
 Six.
  Mr.
 Six.
  Yeah, I don't think I knew he was Mr.
 Six until recently.
  That's new information, relatively new information to my brain.
  I think I knew about it, but I forgot about his, his friend.
  We'll get to his friend later.
  We don't want to start with his little friend.
  Yeah, that's, that comes later.
  That comes much later.
  After at least one villain, if not more villains.
  I'm OK.
  Yes, I've also stumbled upon the villains and I have some thoughts about the villains.
  It's crazy whether it's like, yeah, it's a world, a villain in the world of theme park  comings and goings, who also happens to be one of the worst men in America.
  Yeah, yeah.
  And maybe more than one.
  I don't know if we looked at the same thing.
  I kind of kept going down this particular rabbit hole.
  It's it's it's pretty crazy.
  And I it's all I don't want to give away my personal thesis to this episode.
  But I I'll just say, how do I preview it?  That I think it's I think you're in dangerous territory if you oppose Mr.
  Six, I think the anti Mr.
  Six side has some very unsavory characters.
  And I'm not sure that that's where I want to be.
  Yeah, I mean, I will go ahead and say I love Mr.
  Six, and I think I'll even go so far as to say, I think that he gave us permission  to have fun again, to set our clocks to play time after the combination of 9-11 and the Iraq.
  Jason, would you say that Mr.
  Six allowed you to be weird?  Yes, Mr.
 Six allowed me to be weird.
  I thought you'd be weird.
  Yeah, I thought me to be weird.
  Mm hmm.
 Which is something you can say, were he ever to die,  which is obviously a concern because he's very old.
  And it's less of a concern because he's fictional.
  However, as Mr.
  Peanut taught us, fictional misters can die.
  So we got to be afraid of anybody.
  But if you know, you just have that ready to eulogize him with were he ever  God forbid to pass away.
 Right.
  Now, should we all say, do we do we like it?  Should we all proclaim our feelings?  Like I I'm a little mixed on him, to be fair, to be frank, I should say.
  I let you be frank.
  Let me let me be frank for once on the show.
  I I don't know that I loved Mr.
  Six when I would see the commercials.
  I was a little off put by him, to be honest.
  I'm relieved to hear you say this, because this this was my opinion.
  But but I'll just as a preview, I think my opinions evolved a little bit.
  I was certainly heading into this thinking, is this going to be yet another scenario  where I'm against the ropes and I didn't really like the thing?  But I'm not even sure I'd say I am or was vehemently opposed.
  But I think I'd be dishonest if I said at the first time I saw  this dancing old man to the Venga Boys song that I that my response was good.
  Yes, I like this.
  I can't I can't say that's honestly what happened in 2004 or so.
  Yeah, I don't think it was an active thing.
  I don't think I threw something at the television when he'd appear.
  I just think I was more like, oh, OK, huh.
  All right.
 And yeah, so I think I like him more now.
  But I think at the time I was he was not high on my list.
  And I discovered real quick, I don't know if anyone else watched this  an interview with the SVP of marketing at Six Flags, Angelina Vera Baracus.
  And she said and she has a smile on her face while talking about Mr.
  Six, because I'm going to paraphrase here.
  She said some people really like Mr.
  Six and some people don't like him as much.
  And that's both good for us.
  That's a mark of a character that has people talking.
  Yeah, it's it's the old no bad press, you know, they're at least they're talking about.
  Yeah, right.
  So I think that it sounds like we all were playing right into the hands of marketing.
  Some loved him.
 Some didn't love him.
  I thought it was weird.
  I think that was the reaction they probably most people probably had  and they thought most people would have.
  It's like, oh, it's kind of weird.
  What's up? But then you yeah, you are asking questions.
  You're looking into it or, you know, I think I think that I can't deny  that I thought it was weird.
  But I think I think I thought it was weird and kind of like a  like an underground comedy movie way, you know, or like like an all that way.
  It was like something that would have been on all that.
  Like, is it I think I was like,  it's definitely it's only odd and kind of grotesque, which is interesting.
  That's the word I just had pop into my head to grotesque is the word.
  I don't know.
 Is it just because it's like the makeup is weird?  I'm you know, after baby Aladar gate,  I'm relieved to be on the same page with you again, Mike,  to not be like off on an island by myself.
  Well, this is how I look.
  I maintain my credibility here that I'm not just trolling you about baby Aladar,  the baby dinosaur from the Disney movie dinosaur that no one likes is cute.
  He is cute.
  So that over explanation made me  question it again.
 Yes, I was just trying to in case a listener  was just tuning in for the first time.
  I just wanted to make sure they were caught up.
  Let's do some cliff notes.
  Well, you know what I think?  Yeah, I don't think you are trolling me on that.
  And we, you know, we did the the girlfriend test.
  You asked Lindsey if she thought baby Aladar was cute and she said yes.
  So they're like the people weren't part of the argument taking place.
  But now I don't know what to think, because when that test happened,  I asked my wife, Erin, do you think baby Aladar is cute?  She said absolutely not.
  So, OK, we're on the same page.
  I asked her about Mr.
 Six loves Mr.
 Six.
  Really? Yeah.
  It's kind of against the mold that this this thing has been.
  And, you know, and I'll say she's always she's a big influence on me taste wise.
  And that was one of the first things that made me think,  do I need to give Mr.
 Six a second chance if my if my beloved wife,  Erin, with very good taste, likes him?  Maybe I got to think about this a little harder.
  Well, let me ask, let me text Lindsey and see what she thinks about Mr.
 Six.
  I did not ask her before this.
  That's a good question.
 And elsewhere in pursuing opinions,  Jason, can I ask you if your opinion ever changed or evolved?  Or have you just been full tilt six stand since 2004?  I don't think I stand him that hard in his heyday.
  But like now, I think he's great.
  Now, I think more than ever, especially as like places start to open back up.
  Now more than ever, I think the Six Flags, like the Six Flags brand needs Mr.
 Six.
  Well, that's how they felt  whenever they brought him back the first time, which is maybe 2010, I think.
  OK.
 Well, they brought him back kind of to distract from they made it a racism.
  Oopsie.
 Yeah, I didn't see this.
  Did you guys not see this? No.
  OK, well, so we're jumping around to the timeline a bunch.
  So we'll get to Mr.
 Six's first retirement  somewhere down the line.
  They changed the tag lines they were going with to more flags, more fun.
  And the person they had saying were flags, more fun,  and it was just the disembodied head of a yelling Asian man.
  What? Yeah, I saw this.
 Yeah.
  I'm sorry.
 I do remember those ads.
 Yeah.
  And people were not.
  We were like, what are you?  What's going on, guys?  What are you doing? What's this?  And they're like, oh, never mind.
  Who said that? Mr.
 Six said it.
  And then it was like, oh, hey, Mr.
 Six is back and he's talking now.
  And then they brought him back in a very similar way where he's like  in a in a little shape.
  He pops up in his head was disembodied as well.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  They they had to use that after effects element.
  So they put Mr.
 Six's head in there.
  Hmm.
 Hmm.
  So you're saying that the voice that was used, if I kind of recall the ads,  maybe the voice was a little questionable.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
  So suddenly,  somebody who was very divisive, then they do something much more divisive.
  And now Mr.
 Six seems like safe ground, like very safe footing.
  I've got an update on Lindsey's feelings about Mr.
 Six.
  I said, I said, do you like Mr.
 Six, the old man, Six Flags mascot?  I sent a photo and she wrote in all caps, no, I hate him.
  Boy, just flopping with Aaron on this issue.
  Yeah.
 I huh.
 Interesting.
  I don't think I I don't think I quite understand.
  The I ask, I'm going to ask Jane and see what she says.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 If it's a full reverse,  except it wouldn't be a total reverse because Jason, you really like Mr.
  Six and you really like baby Aladar.
  Yes.
 And she like she was pro Aladar.
  I'm Aladar.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 So that what's not yet.
  It's not a perfect mirror yet.
  That's not I mean, it can't can't be, I guess.
  Yeah, this one.
 You know, I think any election night of any kind  for the rest of time is going to be very stressful and not like kind of a fun  TV night of viewing anymore.
  So I think we need things like this, like our personal electoral map  about issues like Mr.
 Six and baby Aladar.
  Now we're waiting on the results from the Jane District.
  Could be any minute now.
 It could swing this entire thing.
  The world waits.
  Yeah.
 So I think he's I bet  that he is more disliked than liked.
  And I don't know if it's strong.
  I don't know if it's people saying hate, but I would bet people go,  I don't know.
 And I don't think so.
 Not for me.
  Mm hmm.
 Yes.
  You think like parents probably don't like them.
  I'm sure.
 Well, parents don't like him because he likes to have fun.
  So I think that's another strike against them.
  Parents want you to study and they want you to do your do your chores.
  And this guy gets the drives a bus up to your house and tells you to get in.
  That's one thing about it.
  In his first appearance, he is  an old man stranger who pulls a bus up  outside your house and says, get in right now.
  We're going to the roller coaster place.
  And he doesn't and he doesn't talk right in that first ad.
  He doesn't talk for a while.
  He doesn't talk in all of like the first ads,  I think until he says more flags, more fun.
  Right, right.
  She says no.
  And one of the reasons given is because he only has one outfit in his closet.
  Whoa.
 That's oddly, oddly specific.
  Does she? Well, because she hates Steve Jobs.
  No.
 Well, because there's no there's a commercial.
  There's like the Mr.
 Six Returns commercial.
  He gets out of bed at a retirement community and he opens his closet.
  And the only thing in there is the single tuxedo with the red bow tie.
  Is it only one item or is it 20 of the same item?  No, it's just one.
 It's just one hanging suit.
  So she hates him because he's poor and only can afford.
  No, I think because that's weird.
  Well, the other.
  Can I read this? Can I read what you wrote?  OK, the real the main reason she says is she says,  no, I she does not like him because she knows that  under the makeup is just a well-dancing fuckboy.
  I can see why you asked.
  Not not the specific guy, just that I think she knows a lot of that type,  a lot of that sort of professional dancer type.
  Oh, so she sensed like dancer desperation  and like the overdone way a dancer.
  I know what you mean.
  Like, you know what?  He I guess he has some of the energy of when  I mean, I guess anything else where there's like a fake old man  and then he's like struggling to walk, but then he busts break dance moves.
  Like you can tell even when he's a fake old man, something's up.
  Right.
 Yeah, yeah, I get I get that.
  And then if you're seeing, I think that is part of the unnerving,  grotesque thing about it, too, is that it just visually it doesn't.
  Your brain knows something's wrong.
  Yes, exactly.
 I think you're one to like they know this is not a real old man,  obviously.
 But what is under it?  There's something so strange about that face and mask.
  And you're you're like, is it is it a woman?  Is it a child?  I like you.
 I pretty unclear.
  I think there was a rumor about it being a celebrity.
  Do you guys know who I was?  It's not coming to me.
  Hmm.
 I don't think I saw this.
  There was some false rumor.
  I want to say that Amy Poehler played him in an SNL sketch at one point in time.
  In a Donald Trump hosted episode of SNL.
  Oh, yes.
 No.
  There is an apprentice sketch.
  Oh, no.
  Who do people think? I'll try to figure that out.
  But right.
 I think that is some of the initial creepiness people have.
  Like something is under there.
 But what?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Is it like a creature of some kind that's pretending to be a human?  Well, I bear a dancing bear.
  I watched a lot like a collection of a bunch of the commercials,  and a lot of them share the themes of that same that first one,  you know, where it's like he pulls into a boring suburban street and he gets out  and he dances and then everyone else starts to dance.
  But my favorite one was where like they do a scream parody  where a woman answers the phone like scared.
  And then the the music starts playing through the phone.
  And then he like burst in through the door.
  And then they drive to a dark six flags like it's the whole commercials at night.
  And they get chased by ghouls and goblins.
  But then he dances with the ghouls and goblins.
  And that's fun.
  It all happens in 30 seconds time.
 Yeah.
  Here, I think I have it up.
  Mr.
 Six at Fright Fest is fun.
  I do think that's maybe my favorite of all of these.
  Oh, no, I'll go ahead and say this and pass the torch to you guys.
  If you I'm a little light in my research of specific ads.
  So so have at it.
  If you know more about ads, take take lead.
  Well, the the original ads, there were a few of them.
  And as we were saying, he doesn't talk.
  The first one is that he's like in an assisted living facility, essentially.
  Anyway, Jason, am I right about this?  That's the first one.
 That's no, no.
  The first one is like the minute and 30 second short film with a narrator.
  You're right.
 That's right.
 Somebody.
  So what do you do?  What's the gist of what the narrator says?  It's kind of like a Dr.
  Susie in until one day a mysterious man arrived.
 Right.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 To like shake them out of it.
  And I had forgotten.
  And like when he gets off that bus in that first commercial,  he's like creaking and he's like moving really slow.
  And and you're like, oh, what is this?  And then he breaks out the dancing.
  That's what I'm saying.
 That part is weird off the bat.
  You know, it's not an old man.
  It's it's similar to stuntman acting.
  When stuntmen have to do things that aren't the stunt, it's very over.
  Even if it's just like walking across the street or pointed something and saying,  what's that? It's always not good.
  He's doing sort of a Willy Wonka thing to a fake.
  It's a fake out also.
 Yes.
  Where you think maybe he's in worse shape than he really is.
  I guess it's also like Johnny Knoxville's bad grandpa.
  Mm hmm.
 Yes, I think that I think bad grandpa makeup is better  but later too.
  So maybe it was more more advanced technology had come a long way.
  Yeah.
 You know, it's really crazy in my  and I'll move off this as fast as possible.
  But I actually watched an orbit for the first time all the way through.
  And have you seen an orbit?  I have not.
 Can't say I have.
  It's one of the things that makes it a rough watch is that Eddie Murphy plays  many parts and among them, he plays an old Chinese man.
  And yeah, that's not good.
  However, the literal the the literal makeup is unbelievable.
  It might be the best makeup in the history of film,  which is what I think.
  And it was nominated for an Oscar bizarrely.
  I mean, all the makeup is great.
  And it's Rick Baker who's done the Grinch and the thousand things we've talked about.
  And it's just unfortunate that it's in this area, which is so not good.
  I just if you're if you're just interested in literal prosthetics,  Norbert is is pretty amazing.
  But I, you know, let me put as many warnings on top of that as I can.
  You've qualified it, I think enough.
  A lot less.
 Please let me.
  I don't have time in a 90 minute episode to do all the qualifying.
  Mm hmm.
 Well, we'll add it in the show notes, I guess, too.
  Perfect.
 Yes.
 All right.
  So the first those first series of commercials are the it's playtime commercials.
  Yes.
 Yes.
 It's playtime.
  He gave us permission to play again.
  After our national trauma.
  I believe the second commercial is what I was referring to as  where he's in the assisted living facility and he gets he gets  like awakened by a nurse.
  And then we see his single suit.
  Yeah.
 Is that it?  It's playtime one.
  That is not in its playtime commercial in the in the play.
  It's playtime branding.
 OK.
  I like where he's dancing and then all the people in the Looney Tunes  characters run up behind him at the end of those commercials.
  I like that.
 Yes.
 He's dancing with like Tweety Bird and Daffy Duck.
  And then like children to a bunch of show a huge group.
  And he does various things.
  So it's like it's sort of unclear, like he's just a party mascot.
  But also in one of the commercials, he's cleaning the park.
  Yes.
 Buffing the roller coasters and sweeping up as well.
  So he not only does he dance all day and all night with the Looney Tunes  and park guests, he's also part of the maintenance staff.
  Yeah, his role is a little unclear.
  I guess the ambassador of fun could cross over to needing to keep the park clean  because you're more in the mood to have fun if the place is clean.
  That's true.
 I mean, I would it would also speak to, you know,  some staffing issues that Six Flags probably has across the country.
  I mean, or honestly, the the  effort level of the teens that work there.
  I would say it's largely due to some of the villains  we'll be talking about later in the in the podcast.
  I think they might be the short, the short staffed nature of things.
  Can we talk about what he's he's wearing?  I don't think the the audience, I think, I think if you're listening this far,  you know what he looks like.
  But just just to just to say we did.
  He is in a full tuxedo  where the jacket kind of hangs a little loose such that you can see his suspenders.
  And there's always a bright red bow tie.
  And and big, big, big, thick rimmed  glasses like a very I'm trying to think of it.
  Is there another character who wears glasses like these?  I'm thinking of Dan Aykroyd and behind the candelabra as Liberace's manager,  but I'm sure there's a more famous example.
  Mine is not a famous example.
  It's but it's definitely what I think  Shelly Berman's character is Larry David's father on Curb Your Enthusiasm wears.
  Yes, yes.
 Very good.
  I want to see I want to say that I've seen  Carl Reiner wear glasses like this for a role, but the role is not coming to me.
  Is it in one of the 11?  That's exactly what I just Googled and yet I couldn't find it.
  Is someone else in Ocean's 11 in glass?  Elliot Gould.
 Oh, yeah.
  Elliot Gould is wearing those big glasses.
  Elliot Gould has the big glasses.
  There we go.
 We got there.
 Thank you.
  You know what a big one is?  These Coke bottle glasses.
 Junior Soprano.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Uncle June.
  That's he looks the most like Uncle Junior.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Is that does this timeline add up that he was modeled after him?  Because now that you said that he looks exactly like him.
  I I don't think they oh, they did do the joke where Uncle Junior is watching HBO  and curb is on and he's like, what am I?  That's what?  And he has like but I yeah, I'm surprised they never did.
  Yeah, the timeline does line up.
  But yeah, I think it's I think this is possible.
  You're right that that that Mr.
 Six is based on this guy.
  Yeah, really?  Because this helps explain why in an article that I have up,  it says that a New York City radio host wondered if Mr.
  Six was actually Junior Soprano out on a bender.
  Yeah.
 Damning words.
  Sick burn.
 Wow.
  It is surprising there is not an episode of The Sopranos where AJ fucks up in some way  and like Uncle Junior is the one who has to go to Six Flags and get him out of Six Flags jail.
  Like posing as Mr.
 Six.
  I mean, that'd be amazing.
  But just like, well, Six Flags is right there.
  It wouldn't be that far for them.
  It's amazing they didn't go there.
  They didn't go to enough theme parks on this.
  No, they didn't.
  There should have been like a Disneyland episode every season.
  Oh, man.
 Disney World, like the ABC shows.
  There should have been a Disney World Sopranos every season.
  Well, this animal kingdom has so much to do.
  A real safari.
  I, Carmela Soprano, would be one to only stay at the Grand Floridian  and talk endlessly about how nice it is.
  OK, so things are boring in this neighborhood.
  And then an old man shows up in a bus and blasts some party music.
  And that changes everything.
  Why does that make you want to go to a theme park?  Yeah, well, the idea of partying  is funny to associate even with a theme park in my mind.
  Like, we like to party.
  I don't think of we're going to go on some rides.
  To me, yes.
  And any any theme park commercial, Disney included, that you see  where a bunch of people are partying in the streets.
  This is rarely the feel.
  Rarely does it feel like just an organic dance party has broken out.
  Right.
 That doesn't that is not what I would describe.
  Most people's theme park experiences.
 It's hot.
  There's a lot of lines and their kids are screaming.
  And we're going to go dance with an old man.
  Or you watch other people dance and maybe you get to participate a little.
  But really, they're more having the fun.
  I don't know if I'm getting ahead of myself, but they did, of course,  bring him into the parks to have like a dance party with guests.
  I don't know.
 I assume you guys saw that.
  Yeah, I had to dig on the Internet Archive  because the the article linked on Wikipedia was gone,  but it was preserved on the Internet Archive.
  You're talking about the Mr.
 Six lookalike contest.
  No, I'm talking about an actual in-park Mr.
  Six character that would organize like a dance party with sort of a hype man,  like teen that was around him that worked.
  Oh, yes.
 Flags.
  Yeah, they stuck him in all the parks.
  Yeah, because he was so popular so quickly.
 Yeah.
  This was a little later, too.
  So I'm saying like they did try to get an actual like, quote unquote,  party going in the park.
  But in general, if someone was like, hey, you want to go want to go to a party?  I would have been like, OK.
  And I would have pictured like, you know, a party hat,  but not like going to the.
  I like the picture of party hat.
  Well, that's sort of the representation of my mind of what a party is,  is that fun little hat with the point at the top?  I was I was just trying to sum it up, of course.
  It's pretty silly to be wearing a hat like that.
  So, you know, yeah, fun.
  You're in a heightened fun atmosphere, for sure.
  If you're wearing a silly hat, you're going to have fun.
  You're going to have a party.
  But yes, I wouldn't associate that with like the cult, like the  I guess it would be hot black top at a six flags.
  The poorly maintained buildings,  the rides that are fun yet scary  and the teens that work there that are apathetic and checked out.
  Well, because I  the article that I have in front of me and I'm not saying I agree with this,  but it's maybe represents how I felt the first time I saw Mr.
 Six.
  This is this, by the way, is this is from 2009 and this is Time Magazine  interviewing a critic for Adweek Time Magazine.
  Took some time to discuss Mr.
 Six for a little while.
  This is where this is the news is very different in 2009.
  So just to just as a full hater, this is a Barbara Lippert from Adweek.
  It's a pretty miserable piece of advertising.
  It's as dumb as can be and talks down to us.
  He's like an Elmer Fudd who never made it out into the country.
  Not sure that that's not what's writing.
  I don't know why this person is a professional.
  You lady, you work in advertising.
  You scumbag.
 Who are you to judge?  I come by.
 I'm completely on board with you there.
  Just to continue.
  And how does how exactly does a creepy old man in a bow tie  appeal to the kids that drive Six Flags business?  I don't think many 11 year olds relate to George Burns types.
  OK, well, that's pretty funny.
  I do like that.
  So what's our response to that?  What is I because she's not I hated that Elmer Fudd joke,  but there's yeah, why?  Why is this? What does the old man have to do with it?  I think it's a hard question to defend.
  Yeah.
 The only thing is, I feel like  maybe it was in vogue at the time in advertising to like  put something divisive up that really doesn't seem to make any sense  and would just like be burned in people's brain because this man's face,  this this haunting face was burned in my brain of like, OK.
  But I didn't associate it with the brand in a good way.
  So I think she's got a point here.
  It wasn't doing anything that really made me go.
  Oh, I would love to go have fun with that old man.
  Well, I will say that I think it is a timeless teen thing  to like things that are funny because they're random.
  Yeah, yes.
  So in that respect, that I get that this is very much like a teen, like,  hey, everyone, it's an old man in a tuxedo dancing to  the Vengabas song, which is called We Like to Party, right?  Yes, it's officially called We Like to Party.
  I always just called it the called it Vengabas or the Vengabas song.
  Well, they're the Vengabois.
  They are the Vengabois and they credit them.
  So they sell themselves as Europe's number one party act on Twitter.
  Right.
 And they make reference to the Vengabas in the song.
  Yes.
  Which I assume is like their Batmobile or their turtle party wagon.
  Just the other day, they let us all know that the the party out  of their big hit album was now available for downloading and streaming.
  Kind of a late late to the game on that Vengabois.
  But now it's just now that's what it read like.
  I didn't I didn't dig super far into it, but it did seem like it was now.
  Maybe it's a remastered version of the album.
  It could be remastered.
  I mean, they still tour.
  It was all the sessions.
  All the sessions.
  It was like a it was like pet sounds or blood on the tracks or something.
  We want to hear every every every guitarist session on it.
  Eight disc set, the demos, the different versions.
  We were like a version called like we really like to party.
  I think it's too much.
  I think it is.
 It is sweaty.
  No, an extra word.
  Too much.
 Too many words.
  You know, dance skis in there laying down a groove and then Del Mundo comes in like,  no, no, dance ski.
 No, no one would ever groove to this.
  There should be a love and mercy about the Vengabois.
  Yeah.
 And well, and there's there's like four or five members.
  They seem to come and go.
  So you need young and old versions of all of them.
  Oh, yeah.
  And Brian May on board because he produced the Queen movie.
  I wanted some of that magic to be on this in this movie, too.
  I think they might have some trouble making the film  because accurate information about the Vengabois is kind of at a premium.
  I say this because I was on the Vengabois  Wikipedia, which said citation needed 42 times.
  It was like weeds all over the article, which was not that long.
  Who there's got to be.
  I wonder who the number one Vengabois fan is in the world  that could maybe answer all these questions.
  There's got to be somebody.
  Hmm.
 Yeah.
  He's probably like he's probably in like a big old Mr.
  Seuss hat like Mr.
 Seuss, big old like cat in the hat hat.
  You know, like the like the way we pictured ravers in 2002.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  They very much look like that.
  I mean, they're still rocking that all the picture like their profile picture  and like banner picture on Twitter, they look they look what you want.
  Someone selling themselves as Europe's number one party act to look like, you know?  Yeah, the one that I'm looking at.
  There's an aggressive amount of makeup on members, male and female.
  There's like a there's a huge foam pink  cowboy hat with multiple sheriff's badges.
  The other ones in like a dance version of he's a Marine  Marine National on his on his like Donald Duck, like Navy hat.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Even though it's then it's he's got his tassels, but then it's sleeveless  to show his rocket ship tattoo.
  I've never found a LMAO so tasteful.
  He's wearing like football shoulder pads, too.
  He's got like a whole yeah, there's a lot going on on these in these outfits.
  But leather, then leather and tassels.
  Yes, there is a very upsetting photo.
  I'm I'm worried if I don't stop looking at this Vengo boys photo, I might never stop.
  There's a lot.
 Yeah, there's some  there's some pictures of them in like kind of all silver outfits, too, that I like.
  And they kind of keep some of the same aesthetics like they still have  the cowboy hat.
  It's just a smaller silver cowboy hat.
  And then he still kind of has that like Navy hat, but it's a silver hat.
  And he's got a like an anchor around his neck and now he's got a cape.
  So I think they all keep sort of the same aesthetic with different outfits.
  Hmm.
 OK.
  So they have their theme that they stick to,  but it kind of changes through styles.
  Right.
 That's my assumption about the Vengo boys.
  A modern day village people.
  What would the representation of, you know, law enforcement professions  and and the military and also not all boys?  Yes.
 No, not all boys.
  Half not boys.
  So it should be Venga people.
  That's my pitch for them.
  Can I ask, while you're if you it seems like  you already have Venga boys in a Google Image search, can you just add to that?  You already got Venga boys to just put in Chica  spelled like Cheetah, but with a K.
  So C, H, E, E, K, A, H.
  And now you will meet someone I met in the wick in their Wikipedia.
  The fourth  not the four.
 It was for their fourth single.
  They added a virtual member, the computer animated Chica.
  Oh, like Gorilla's.
  Yeah, they're doing a girl's thing.
 Yeah.
  Way cooler.
  I say this.
 I like Chica.
  Yeah, I like Chica.
 I think I like Chica.
  He I listen to the song.
  He like raps in kind of like a computer.
  Move your hands, stomp your feet.
  He's like a, you know, the Stephen Hawking digital readout voice.
  He's like that robot on the McGruff song.
  Oh, yes.
 I'm glad I'm me.
  You have to be safe.
  You've got a lot going for yourself now.
  You've got to keep your body strong, your mind sharp.
  I think it's funny that Chica is considered a full member,  although separate from the band, because I'm seeing a  cover that says Venga boys featuring Chica.
  She goes like Neil Young is to cross me stills Nash.
  Oh, yes.
 Yeah.
  A member, but outside she does his own thing, too.
  Yeah.
  I wonder, does Chica appear in any newer things  or is Chica sort of specifically just for this one song?  And have they spun out Chica into anything else?  Huh? I'm not sure.
  Chica might be another IP we try to acquire at a certain point.
  Yeah, it's like we're going to work by Chica.
  Yeah, I think we could buy Chica is what I'm getting at.
  And we could make our own Chica TV series.
  You know him from the Venga boys and how he's free.
  OK, wait a minute.
 Hold on a second.
  I've stumbled on something that maybe is a reason we shouldn't buy Chica.
  Oh, no.
 No.
  All right.
 Urban Dictionary's definition of what Chica is.
  The sound of a wingman wing woman keeping the driver awake by hand job.
  What? I understand.
  OK, here they have a little example from some dialogue they've written here.
  Sam says, Benji, come with me to keep me awake.
  Benji, how am I going to keep you awake?  Adrian, Chica, Chica, Chica.
  And then a new then a fourth character, big boy dies from laughter.
  Yes.
  I don't understand.
  I don't know what the Chica Chica means.
  And does that sound that would only be  that would only be the sound if you were giving a hand job to like a loose doorknob.
  That's not an automobile.
  I don't know.
  I don't think a penis makes a sound Chica Chica Chica.
  Huh? I don't.
  That is not the first thing I think of when I hear Chica.
  I think of the you know, the first thing I think of is the Ferris Bueller song.
  Chica, Chica.
  That's what I think of.
  Hmm.
 I don't think of giving a bus driver a hand job.
  I remind it all that yellows.
  Oh, yeah.
 And Venga Boys, Venga Bus is coming are are terrible songs  to have any kind of sex to.
  Well, that's fair.
  I mean, I think that's right.
  I wasn't even thinking about that at all.
  Do you think anyone's ever like, well, you're ready?  Do you want to? Yeah.
  Why don't we? Oh, yeah.
  Oh, no.
  That the Venga Boys video with Chica is very like sexy.
  Like, there's a lot of people grinding on each other in a CGI nightclub.
  What does Chica do? Is Chica getting involved?  Yeah, he's in the mix.
  She's grinding on people.
  Yes.
 And the Venga Boys like all dot like they all like  Jack in on computers like Jack in.
  Jack, like Jason, like like in a matrix way,  like they all set up at like stations.
  This video is great.
  This is the future we were promised.
  Yeah, one of them is a leather cowboy grooving out while watching  Chica run through a virtual hallway that says  with different doors that say gallery news download.
  Chica, we should describe as like a little like television in his stomach.
  He's like a green.
  He's like an aqua color.
  And he has a television in his stomach.
  And he I don't know.
  He looks like he also kind of looks like a reboot.
  Yeah, very reboot.
  He's their avatar.
  The the Venga Boys are are dialing into the Internet.
  And Chica is they're living vicariously through his nightclub experience.
  Oh, yeah.
 This is this video is really like this is like a reboot.
  If reboot went to like some dirty rave.
  Reboot Triple X reboot and Triple X.
  This is yeah, this is scandalous.
  Jason, are you OK? Are you getting I'm a little  for Clempton and I yeah, I mean, I can see why  Chica never met Mr.
 Sex.
  Like this is too bawdy for Mr.
 Sex.
  Oh, my gosh.
  This is now he's like doing like leisure suit Larry types.
  He's like a shorter guy and he's like walking up to women  and he's like giving them the eyes.
  I got to turn this off.
  This is too much for sensibility.
  I'll spoil.
  I'll spoil something for at some point, he pulls out a hose  and sprays everyone down.
  I know we should.
  Chica is not going to be purchased by the podcast, the ride LLC.
  I will say that we did the body is check and yeah, too much.
  Too much baggage, I think.
  Marvel unless if there's a video of Marvel McFay grinding on CGI women,  then he's out, too.
  But as far as we know, there's no video like that.
  The video ends with the Vengo boys.
  They all stand up and like  doff their caps to the camera and wave goodbye.
  And then Chico waves goodbye and they turn their computers and the lights off.
  They had to include that.
  Yeah, wow.
  It's it's creates full of shot close ups of digital butts and upskirts.
  It's a very sexy music video.
  Yeah, wow.
  With very limited, but with characters, it's the kind of CGI where you say like  these characters would are probably like one foot tall, right?  There's no way they're tiny.
 They live in a computer.
  Yeah, they're they're tiny for sure.
  Yes, it's it's if you wish you were watching the CGI 90s  show reboot and wishing there was just a lot more butts,  a lot more butt on it, which I you know, a number of people were wishing.
  Yeah, that's true.
  I'm sure there's a lot of people going, oh, that's my dream.
  I'm surprised I didn't hear about this sooner.
  As always, do the DVNR check.
  You know what? I will do the check.
  So there's a comment that says that awkward moment  when the Venga boys predicted second life.
  Hmm.
  Not quite kind of accurate.
  Why wasn't Chica in Ready Player One?  Oh, that would have been a perfect rep.
  And yeah, he's in there.
 He's in the digital world.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, they would have met him at some point.
  Yeah.
 I mean, probably in the sequel that is probably not going to get made  because it didn't make enough money.
 Hmm.
  I'm not seeing a ton of reboot.
  Reboot might actually not be popular at all.
  There's not any Mr.
 Six.
  Like, that's a good question.
  Gross stuff is there.
  There is a term for this.
  Is it rule? It's rule.
  I forget what number.
  Rule thirty four.
  Are you going to search with our 34?  Is it the way to set the right number? Yeah.
 OK.
  I think that's it.
  Rule thirty four.
  We don't think it is thirty four.
  Thirty two.
 Seventy two.
  I actually don't even know what the.
  I'll search all the numbers, all the numbers.
  OK, yes.
 I'm doing the dictionary.
  It is rule rule.
  Thirty four means if it exists, there's part of it.
  OK, I see.
 OK.
  Thirty four.
 Thirty four.
  I'm I'm looking at this now.
  So I should just look up Mr.
 Six rule thirty four.
  Oh, my God.
  You saw the dirty cartoons.
  Oh, my God.
  There's nothing to do with Mr.
 Six, but oh, it's really.
  Oh, I don't even want to.
  I can't describe.
 Oh, it's horrible.
  Are you making this up, though?  No, no, this is just general.
  I'll show you what I'm if you really want to see what I'm looking at.
  It's disturbing.
  Hmm.
 But it's not about Mr.
 Six.
  We don't have to pay attention to it.
  I don't think it has anything to do with Mr.
 Six.
  No, it's all just like Tumblr crap.
  Hmm.
 Oh, that's a haunting image.
  I'll tell you that.
  I mean, look, you can look Mr.
  Six rule thirty four and do an image search and be horrified like me.
  But please, if you are under a certain age, do not do that.
  Do you have a more pleasant rule thirty four experience?  I just want to as it's coming up, I'm so proud of how much Moonbeam City  rule thirty four there is in its brief time.
  Oh, my God, so much.
  I'm so happy.
  A lot of it is very good.
  Like they could have been artists on the show.
  Great work, everyone.
  There's one of the character that I voiced, the news anchor Genesis Jones,  and he has a translucent news desk.
  And if you look through it, he's got a big erect penis sticking out.
  Oh, my God.
  That's what I keep talking about, putting on my wall and framing,  which I always wanted to do and now probably should not do that  now that I have a child.
  Yeah, you should probably not do that.
  But maybe if you're in an office or office, yeah, for sure.
  When you would take a meeting, have that up.
  Definitely.
 Yeah.
  And if I feel like that's going to be dicey or make anyone uncomfortable,  I could have like a little flag that flips up and covers it.
  You know, just like I could.
  I'll get up to a light switch.
  I'll talk to somebody to do the wiring  so we can switch the the penis flag on.
  Got to make sure that it's good, because like if you're in there  with like Jeffrey Katzenberg or something and like it malfunctions,  he's going to my office.
  Well, yeah, I assume.
  Well, what is this topsy turvy world?  It's like the whole world got flipped horizontal and vertical.
  It's called a power play.
  It's called a power play, Scott.
  Well, well, look who has the power now, Mr.
  Katzenberg.
  He's like, I've been hearing about what you've been saying about Quibi,  and you're absolutely right.
  And I'm here to humble myself and say, what would you do to fix it?  You're in charge of Quibi now.
  Yeah, hell yeah.
  Makes sense.
  That should that should be me in Quibi.
  Like I'm the guy I'm the guy who mouthed off in the meetings.
  But then they like that because it shows that I have balls  and I'm willing to say what's on my mind.
  And I guess my idea for how to fix Quibi would be to bring back  my own show, Moonbeam City, but have it be full of full frontal nudity.
  Which is, of course, what you were.
  That was the thing you tried to do from the start.
  But I always always said no tension with Comedy Central.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  The rec penis is often as possible.
  They had a problem with that.
  Yeah, boy.
 Yes, I should have known.
  Anyway, yeah.
  Well, yeah, a future quibi in their desperation will be full of Genesis  Jones dicks.
  Let's get let's let's veer out of here.
  Let's let's unplug from the matrix like the Bunga Boys.
 Yeah.
  What can we get to?  I will go all here.
  Let's stay on the Bingo Boys topic.
  And I will I will say this.
  I think a lot of the reason that I didn't respond to this stuff  for a long time is I think that song is dog shit.
  It is not one.
  I put it in the same category, sort of like the like the novelty songs  around this time, and I know Barbie Girl is years earlier,  but I think Barbie Girl is like a way better song.
  I absolutely agree.
  And I'm still no fan of Barbie Girl, but there's like a there's there's a hook.
  I think the musicians are more talented than the singers.
  Like I have a song, I guess I have a soft spot for Barbie Girl, but yeah,  the Bingo Boys, we like to party was never it's sort of a drone.
  Yeah, kind of just kind of goes on.
  It's not so like they yeah, it's not there's not even like, yeah,  like as you're saying, a hook  for like a kind of a gimmick novelty song.
  Yeah, I'm blue.
  I'm blue by Aqua.
  Who did blue?  I think I was 65.
  No, no, no.
 I was 65.
  Yeah.
  My friends and I was just I was just going to mention I'm Blue.
  My friends and I hated that song because we worked at a theater camp  on a college campus and they had TVs just in like the one like common area.
  And it would just play music videos on a loop and it would play like I'm Blue,  like every hour like we would just go insane.
  Like they were playing it so much.
  Any song like this?  I don't quite understand how people listen to it at all.
  I find them so annoying, like such it's the definition of earworm.
  But in a in a bad way where the worm like chews through your entire brain.
  Yeah, I I'm I do think we like to party.
  I'm really trying to search.
  I think Blue was annoying to me.
  But once in a while you'd listen to and go, OK, all right.
  There's but I don't think there was ever a time with we like to party.
  Guys, guys.
  Wait, I'm sorry.
  I feel 65 also has a digital member.
  What?  I don't know his name, but he's in all look at do a Google image.
  So we have to do it, I guess, an episode about digital members  of bands that are otherwise human.
  Oh, wow.
 I feel 65.
  So is it just this guy?  I hate this guy.
  Hold on.
 Let me see.
 Oh, wait a minute.
  Oh, you know, the guy with like a like an ammo belt around his chest or the ammo.
  He's in like what I'm looking at.
  He's in like a like a black leather skirt.
  Oh, I see him now.
  Oh, he's like a really low fi mega mind.
  He is like a euro like a euro dirty clubber mega mind.
  I hate things like that, and I hate that for the fucking fraud.
  The frog that seemed to rule Europe for a whole decade.
  Crazy frog.
  Who's crazy frog?  Mike.
  Response.
  The better than rare rare rare rare rare rare rare rare rare rare rare rare rare.
  Oh, what is it?  What are you talking about?  When I think of crazy frog, I think of Axel F, the like  the techno version of the Beverly Hills cops.
  Wait, Jason, you're thinking of the hamster dance, aren't you?  Am I? Is that the hamster dance?  Crazy Frog had a whole album.
  He had a bunch of songs.
  Oh, man.
 Why don't I know crazy frog?  Oh, they're wait.
 This is crazy frog.
  Huh?  I guess I really don't know crazy frog.
  He looks familiar.
  He looks like like an extreme video.
  He looks like Gax or Crash Bandicoot or something.
  I think he was way bigger in Europe.
  And I spent I studied abroad and in right in the middle in 2005.
  And I just remember seeing crazy frog everywhere, hearing that song everywhere.
  Probably people playing crazy frogs album, crazy hits.
  Yeah.
 Crazy Frog charted.
  Wait, he covered We Like to Party, the Venga Boys.
  Crazy frog.
  What's new? What does he have to bring to it?  I was crazy frog going to do anything different that the Venga boys  hadn't already done.
  Oh, my God, you're right.
 Here it is.
  Crazy frog.
 We like to party.
  He did the theme of Dallas.
  I don't understand.
  It's a confusing discography.
  Crazy frog is crazy frog before the gorillas.
  I don't remember.
  Album came out in 2001, I want to say.
  So did you thousand 2001.
  So is who's the who's the so when you're up,  obviously it was a big thing to have a CGI character who started it.
  Do we know?  I mean, it might have been started by the gorillas.
  So did Damon Albarn, is he the innovator here?  Well, I think about this.
  I feel 65 blue predated even that, of course.
  Yeah, I was when I was in high school.
  And I don't know where you include Paul Abdul's friend,  MC Scat Cat in any of this.
  But, you know, it probably has to factor into the family tree somewhere.
  Yes, I think that's right.
  Well, this is a whole this is a whole day.
  Yeah, I know.
 We can't say now.
  We can't get lost.
  Oh, my God.
 The recording.
  There's multiple there's multiple blue CGI characters  in the video for I feel 65 blue da body.
  No, multiple.
  Yeah, there's two in there and there's like a CGI spaceship.
  And this also predates Avatar.
  Oh, wow.
  Not only all of this, including the gorillas stolen from my 65,  as is the Avatar franchise.
  I feel 65 was ripped off left and right.
  John, we need we need to get like this situation like righted.
  This is this is bullshit.
  You know, there's that thing like, well, the Velvet Underground  inspired everything that came after.
  This is like if the Velvet Underground also inspired Jaws.
  I agree without I feel 65.
  We don't have Father of the Pride.
  We don't have Game Over.
  You know, we don't have all of these wonderful cultural artifacts.
  Wow.
 Man, we need we need to look into I feel 65.
  All right, we'll go we'll go further into them and their company,  the Bliss Corporation.
  I hate I hate threatening to move us away and then move us right back in.
  But I think I discovered the name of the character.
  Oh, no, please.
 No, that is relevant.
  Zorado.
  Zorotl.
  Zorotl.
  Oh, yes, I see it.
  Oh, it's it's spelled like, you know, very like, like Spanish.
  So with the T and the L next to each other.
  Zorotl.
 Where you're confused about how to pronounce it.
  Yeah, it's a character created by the Bliss Corporation  and featured in the videos of Blue Dabadi, Move Your Body and Lucky in My Life.
  Wait, but he has a more full name.
  Zorotl Kuyo Kow Sushik the fourth.
  Yes, that's true.
  He was supposed to be a malicious character.
  But since he was designed with a funny, round body,  the authors of the Blue Dabadi video decided to portray him in a tender,  I guess, portray it as a tender change as a script and giving it a happy ending.
  Yeah, that's not a set.
  Now, wait a minute here.
  OK, I thought April 65 had been ripped off, but look, they did the ripping off.
  Think about this, a malicious character.
  But he's got a funny, round body, so they made him a friend instead.
  This is Grimace.
  They stole it all from Grimace.
  Yeah, Grimace in the McDonald Land gang was stolen from Sid and Marty Croft.
  Right.
 So that so actually this trail of ripoffs.
  Wait, where does it end?  We're saying that the Damon Albarn and the Gorillaz ripped off Sid and Marty Croft.
  Yes, that's basically it.
  We saw as does did James Cameron.
  Yes.
 And I think I full 65.
  Well, I think Sid and Marty Croft have a lawsuit on their hands  with everyone in the entertainment industry.
  Yeah.
 McDonald's first off, they got to solve that one.
  Finally, they got to make that right.
  And then James Cameron.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 Now I'm exhausted.
  I know I am, too.
  Jason, you seem to have a plan.
  I'll let you run with it.
  Should we talk about I mean, Mike, as you started to say,  Mr.
 Six was brought into the parks to dance with the people.
  There were local Mr.
 Six's, you know.
  And like any good theme park IP that marketing woman you referenced did talk about,  especially when they were talking about bringing him back.
  They're like, well, he is our IP.
  We created him.
 He's like the only original character we have.
  So there's merchandise of Mr.
 Six.
  Did you guys come across this stuff?  No, no.
 I think I missed it.
  Oh, you didn't see any of the Mr.
 Six merchandise.
  I think I just.
 Yeah.
  There's a lot on eBay.
  I just texted the T-shirt.
  This is like a design that's on a bunch of T-shirts,  and then they just change at the very bottom in real small print.
  This one says Six Flags Great America.
  I saw Astroworld ones, too.
  These are very reasonably priced, too.
  This is like very reasonably priced.
  This is like 20 bucks for a new shirt.
  I might I might get that because that's my size.
  But then I found the same design, but he takes up the whole shirt  and it's a little more upset.
  Like this should not be this big on a shirt.
  And this is while you send it, this is Mr.
 Six.
  He's kind of doing like jazz hands in the center of a roller coaster.
  That's the design we're looking at.
  Yeah.
 So as you can see, that's a small like chest sized one.
  And then this this other this blue one I just said is like very large.
  It is, but it's not as bad.
  I thought you were I thought you were heading for that.
  It was just his big face was the entirety of the.
  Oh, no.
 Oh, I wish they also had very dignified looking shot glasses  that kind of had a more of an adult Mr.
  Six, kind of the silhouette Mr.
 Six.
  This is his his brown derby caricature.
  Yeah, his round derby caricature.
  You know, you got bobbleheads, of course, but then the best.
  You got the Mr.
 Six teddy bears.
  Oh, I'm dreading this.
  No, they're cute.
  I'm seeing.
 Oh, yeah, they're cute.
  All right, fine.
 Yeah, they are.
  Big old.
 He's been by.
  Yeah, he's they're in suits and big, shiny shoes  that say six flags and it's playtime at the bottom and then big, big, thick glasses.
  Yeah.
 Oh, that are leather.
  And the leather kind of makes them look like, you know, like  BDSM masks, but I won't hold that against the bears.
  Yeah, we can't go into that right now.
  We went too far.
 It's already been this episode.
  Yeah.
 And does the B and BDSM stand for body?  It must.
 I won't look into it further, but it must.
  It stands for boys, comma, Venga.
  I'm seeing there's a I'm seeing T public has sort of like bootleg merch  and one thing says hashtag save Mr.
 Six.
  Hmm.
 But he doesn't need saving now.
  Yeah, I guess.
 I don't know if they want to.
  This should be like bring him back, maybe.
  But there's some sort of a save Mr.
 Six movement.
  Hmm.
 It's on coffee cups.
  There's a bumper sticker.
  But he's I mean, he's they use him still  currently, correct?  I don't know.
 The last time moment.
  I don't think they're doing it right now.
  I don't remember the last time they've used him.
  I think I watched there was a 2017 like new at Six Flags video.
  Did you guys see this with an executive?  No.
 And he's a bald man.
  And he said and just he basically said, and no, I'm not Lex Luthor.
  And then it cuts to a Lex Luthor shot from the Justice League ride.
  And he went and I'm not Mr.
  Six and it cuts to Mr.
 Six.
  And he goes, so don't ask me to dance.
  That's great.
  I like that.
  Well, you know how he factors into the parks is there are a couple  attractions based on him.
  There is a he is  a sort of the figurehead of a kids play area  at Hurricane Harbor here in California.
  And I think another one is another water park as well  called Mr.
 Six's Splash Island.
  And it's one of those areas where, you know, it's like a little like  fortress with a big bucket that fills up slowly and dumps every half hour.
  So it's one of those.
  And he is a big like plastic Mr.
  Six, and he's he's surfing these riding riding a big plastic wave,  even though he's still in the full tuxedo.
  Classic Mr.
 Six doesn't even take the clothes off to surf.
  That's fun.
  Yeah, that's a lot of fun.
  And then he  there was a ride called Mr.
  Six's Pandemonium that at some point in time  when they kind of turned against Mr.
 Six, it got renamed Tony Hawk's Big Spin.
  The same ride was somehow both Mr.
  Six and Tony Hawk, which I I don't like to make this accusation,  but I think on Tony Hawk's part, this is a bit of stolen valor.
  Yeah, he shouldn't have accepted knowing he was stealing this from Mr.
 Six.
  Yeah, I don't know.
  There's a good there's a chance he wasn't aware, but I'd say there's  yeah, probably a good 99.
9 percent chance he wasn't aware.
  But even if there was that one chance and he did it  knowingly to fuck Mr.
 Six, shame on you, Tony Hawk.
  Yeah, I agree with that.
  It is interesting because it definitely felt like they were  flirting here and there with really going all in on Mr.
 Six.
  Like, yeah, it felt like they were like it was like a lot of start and stop.
  And then they would like because he went away for a little while.
  And then when he came back into the park and when he talked,  that, as we were saying, was like kind of a maybe a fix,  like a like a quick fix version.
  But then they were like, all right, we're back.
  We're all in on him.
  Obviously, they named some rides after him.
  And then they stopped it again.
  It feels like they needed to commit.
  And they did it.
 They they did.
  And for a brief time, he had a buddy named Little Six.
  No, a child who looked like Mr.
  dressed like Mr.
 Six.
  And he's introduced by Mr.
  Six walking along.
  And then he looks to the side of the screen and he goes, Little Six.
  And then Little Six is there dancing.
  Yes, Little Six, which.
  Yes, Scott.
  I think I don't I'm going to say I don't like Little Six.
  I'm not the biggest fan of Little Six.
  Now, I'll tell you what I'm OK with at some point.
  You know, the one thing about Six Flags, they they're very much a  come on down like they do contests and stuff like a radio show.
  Like, come on down and sleep in the coffin.
  Stay in the coffin all weekend.
  They did a Mr.
 Six contest of like look like dancing  and lookalikes and a child won twenty five hundred dollars.
  In this contest.
  That's great.
 And the young person one, I think he shaved his head for this.
  Is what I saw.
  So he looks pretty good.
 Yeah.
  His head looks good.
  You can see a big group.
  They flew people in.
  And some of these bald caps look like shit.
  Some of these costumes are wrecked.
  They're they're not great.
  But Jordan, the winner, Jordan Pope,  thirteen of Prophet's Town, Illinois, won this contest.
  And Jim Crowley, the marketing director of Six Flags, Great America, said,  Jordan truly embodies the spirit of Six Flags.
  He had Mr.
 Six's unique dance moves down to his science.
  The crowd went wild when he took the stage.
  Well, I'm glad that he was rewarded more than the person who won the coffin  challenge that was at Six Flags Fright Fest last year.
  When in case you don't know, I'm talking about we did.
  There's a Patreon episode of Anthony Geo and I went to Fright Fest at Six Flags  where people would have to lie in a coffin on the grounds of Six Flags  for like seventy two straight hours.
  And there a reward for that was a season pass to Six Flags and like five hundred  dollars.
 I think it was six hundred dollars.
  Six hundred.
 OK.
  They always give out these weird amounts.
  They, I guess, were very happy with the response of Mr.
 Six.
  They said further, The buzz has far exceeded our original hopes for the campaign.
  We had no idea that America would embrace Mr.
 Six with this level of enthusiasm.
  The overwhelming response to his first appearance at our park in Gurney,  Illinois, is a great example of this phenomenon.
  They're so sure they're so confident.
  And where where's the proof?  I guess this event.
  Two hundred individuals dressed like Mr.
  Six, trying to do his dance moves.
  It's a really good video.
 I'll say that.
  If you look up there, you can watch a video of Mr.
  Six look like gods.
 And then they have a parade, a parade.
  Oh, yeah.
 Entirely Mr.
 Six.
  One of them's writing a big Marvin the Martian canon.
  It's a lot of fun.
 Oh, great.
  I love it.
 Did people come out, though, for their love of the character  or do they just want that money?  I would think it might be the money.
  Some of them, I'm sure.
  Some of them, I'm sure they just like Mr.
 Six.
  It's not always about the money.
  Yeah, you're right.
 Maybe I've grown cynical in my old age to think  that people didn't want to come out just to celebrate their love of this character.
  I hope that that child did the right thing and put the money  straight into a college fund and thought about his future.
  Right.
 Because I mean, he  I hope he was thinking like he would save so he would have that money  when he was Mr.
 Six's actual age.
  Yes, that's what he should be that reminder for all of us.
  And do we know I know Mr.
 Six's actual age as well.
  Oh, yeah.
 Because it was told to me in that video  I referenced earlier by the person, the SVP of Six Flags.
  Mr.
 Six is 80 years old.
 Oh, my God.
  She definitively says he's 80 years old.
  Hmm.
 So there's still that was in 2004.
  So I guess he's eternally 80 years old.
  Yeah, I think that's sort of the idea.
  I don't think he's like 110 now.
  I didn't, by the way, I can't.
  It must be 30 years later.
  So something like that.
 Yeah, 2004.
  You know, I think the like the lookalike contest, the merchandise,  I think that's all pretty respectful of Mr.
 Six.
  Like this is the treatment of theme park character deserves.
  I have to say to the Wikipedia editors out there, the picture of Mr.
  Six on Wikipedia is just some jerk in a Halloween costume.
  That is not at all respectful to Mr.
 Six.
  Not the official commercial version.
 No.
  Hmm.
 Yeah, you're right.
  Yeah, it's just a bit.
  It says as such a Halloween costume based on his likeness.
  I mean, it's a pretty it's a decent Halloween costume, but come on, gang.
  Huh? Yeah, that's yeah.
  I don't know why we should email Google about that.
  I think I think I have problems with Halloween costumes in general.
  I'm going to send you guys a photo of one that's been bugging me since I saw it.
  Maybe this is getting getting me back into the unpleasant Aladar territory.
  I don't know what I'm looking at here.
  This is like a big rubber mask on a on a child.
  It's not Little Six.
  It's separately a child's Halloween costume of Mr.
 Six.
  What do you think, though?  Oh, yeah, I don't like that at all.
  All right.
 OK, few.
  You know what?  Now that I'm looking at it, I go to say  that I'm starting to feel that it's horrible.
  Oh, few few.
  His like, what's wrong with the tongue?  I don't know.
 Yeah, the tongue is like pressed.
  It's as if the tongue is coming from his upper gums.
  Yeah.
 What frightening.
  The glasses aren't even right.
  True.
 And it's it's  it's it is a pretty good mask is the thing.
  It's it's it's pretty high quality, but it kind of puts it into that  uncanny valley territory.
  Yeah, it's just it's unnerving.
  It's just unnerving.
  That's the thing.
  And I think that's sort of the feeling about this.
  Let me let me let me sidetrack real quick.
  And we have a couple more things I'm sure to talk about, Mr.
 Six.
  But I was trying to think of other old man mascots,  other famous old care old people characters that promote products.
  And there are a lot of them.
  And I think I like all of them more than Mr.
 Six.
  OK, should we give you like a yay or nay if we agree?  Yes.
 Quaker Oatsman.
  Yay.
 Nay.
 Yay.
  What's your problem, Mr.
 Six? Yeah.
  I got to see him dance first.
  Colonel Sanders.
 Yay.
  No, I.
 You don't like any of these.
  I feel like there's some gnarly stuff about Colonel Sanders.
  Well, yes, of course, there's no him.
  But yeah, the made up idea of him.
  Go away any problematic part of it, just the friendly,  sanitized version of the character.
  I liked cartoon Colonel Sanders.
  I'm starting they're starting to lose me with all these like a million people play  like I'm not there.
 Colonel Sanders.
  All right.
 That's OK.
 Fine.
  You're just being contrarian, though.
  Orville Orville Redenbacher.
  Foof.
 I like him, but not CGI him.
  That's fair, Jason.
  I'm going to say that was a tie.
  I would say the same.
 You like them the same.
  I like him the same as Mr.
 Six.
  I don't think I've seen the CG version.
  All right.
 How about Mr.
 Whipple, the the old man  who would say don't squeeze my charm in the toilet paper?  Mm hmm.
 I need some refreshing on what's up with Mr.
  Mr.
 Whipple, Mr.
 Whipple.
  Here's a picture of him.
  This is before my time.
  I don't know.
 No, Mr.
 Sherman.
  But I like the idea of him.
  Again, there's probably problematic stuff there,  but just the idea of this old man.
  Why is there problematic stuff?  I don't know.
 I'm just saying I'm just I'm just getting it out of the way  in case there is.
  What did what? Because he's an old actor from the past.
  Well, Jason brought it up with Colonel Sanders.
  Then I was like, yeah, Jason's probably right.
  All of these characters probably are in some horrible  born out of some horrible tradition.
  No, why are you Colonel Sanders?  Yeah, the man.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 What did Mr.
  What did Mr.
 Whipple do to anybody?  Hey, I don't know what his affiliations were.
  I don't know what Mr.
 Whipple did.
  I just don't to leap to that he's problematic  with zero proof.
  Is it because he squeezes things?  Yes, I'd add.
  He kind of yeah, it kind of has creep vibe.
  Yeah.
 What is it?  What if here's here's a scenario.
  I didn't watch all the Mr.
 Whipple commercials.
  Say there's one where he like grabs a lady's butt.
  Now I'm saying I like Mr.
 Whipple.
  There's going to be a whole controversy with podcasts.
  The ride.
 And I don't want that.
  I OK.
 But that's an if I think you got to leave it as an if.
  You can't assume that Mr.
 Whipple did anything bad.
  All right.
 That's fair.
  Innocence until proven guilty.
  All right.
 You're right.
 You're right.
  I apologize to Mr.
 Whipple, the Charmin man.
  What's this article on LexisNexis?  Mr.
 Whipple defends South African regime.
  Oh, I was right.
  I'm seeing some weird polls that at some point in time,  Mr.
 Whipple was more recognizable to Americans than  than Jimmy Carter during his presidency.
  Really?  And yet we don't know him at all now.
  Huh? Interesting.
  They never.
 Yeah, they never recast him, I guess.
  They never did a new version.
  Or did a scary CGI version or had him dance to the Venga Boys.
 Right.
  All right.
 Mr.
 Whipple was for Charmin.
  He was replaced by the the toilet bears.
  Yes, that's true.
 He was replaced by the bears.
 Yes.
  I love those bears.
 Yeah.
 Love them.
  Yes.
 OK.
 Cinnamon Toast Crunch Bakers.
  Bob Quello and Wendell.
  We never knew the names.
  I'm fond of them.
 I've always liked them.
  I was upset when they got rid of all three of them from the box.
  So, yes, I like that silence.
  No one would agree with me.
  You weren't greeted with, yeah, yeah, hell, yeah.
  Smoky Man 2.
  I wanted some fist pumping.
  It's interesting.
 I am sure  if I could hear all the listeners listening to this live,  I would hear a thousand, a few thousand people in silence  after I made that statement.
  This one was sad because they got rid of like two of them.
  But then Wendell stuck around for a little while.
  Yeah.
 Wendell was still around.
  The other two were gone.
  And then I think Wendell is gone now, too.
  I think they're totally gone.
 Yeah.
  All right.
 Let me just do a couple more here.
  The most interesting man in the world.
  He's it feels like such a different category to me.
  Yeah, I guess he is older.
  Old man.
 Yeah, yeah.
  He might be a little he's not 80, but he's definitely up there.
  I like him.
  Wait, so we're so and we're still I forgot we're supposed to be comparing to Mr.
  Six.
 I guess I like him.
  I don't know.
  I wouldn't want to talk about him for two hours, though.
  That's fair.
 But he's not attached to a theme park.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I don't know.
 Maybe I do like Mr.
  Six more than the most interesting man in the world.
  OK.
  Jason.
  Uh, hmm.
 Yeah.
  I don't know.
 I might have to go with Mr.
 Six on this one.
  Wow.
 The most interesting man in the world lost to Mr.
  Six.
  All right.
 Here's the last one.
  A character I was not familiar with.
  The mascot of Fritos from like the 60s.
  W.
C.
 Frito.
  Whoa.
 I've seen this one come up.
  He is basically a ripoff of W.
C.
  Fields and he promotes Fritos.
  Greetings, my little chip.
  But these that's what he says in the picture.
  I just ship for these.
  Yes.
 And this photo that you sent of him, I think it's just a stain on an old  magazine ad, but it does look like he shit the front of his pants.
  Yes, that is true.
  It does look like a giant stain there.
  In which case, I think Mr.
  Six for wearing a black clothes.
  So even if he is shitting himself in every single ad or appearance, we're none  the wiser.
 I got to go with Mr.
  Six on this one.
  Wow.
 Mr.
  Six.
 I mean, Jason, yes, this one is funny just for like they stole someone's  likeness and probably didn't pay any money.
  That was funny.
 This was funny for that and that they were probably like, oh, God,  we got to get scared Americans.
  They'll never try anything outrageous as corned chips.
  Get them something safe in there.
  Let's try and convince them.
 Put WC Fields in there.
  That'll comfort them.
  Between that and Charlie Chipplin.
  Oh, yeah, that was.
  Yeah, Charlie Chipplin, though, a lot of problematic stuff in his past.
  Oh, true.
 Yeah.
  So he would not have held up.
  So, you know, if the listeners are listening and they have you, you have an old  man mascot character that you think I've left out here that you think is better  than Mr.
 Six, please tweet at us.
  But you think, Mike, I'm sorry, you like all of those more than Mr.
  Six? I do.
 Yes.
  Every single one.
 Yep.
  Hmm.
 So it's not insane.
  It's not an insane thought.
  I don't hate Mr.
 Six.
  I just he's unpleasant.
  Yeah.
  And what do you do if you had to venture a guess what the listeners think?  Do you think the listeners like Mr.
  Six more than they don't?  I think it's split.
  This one, I think, is split.
  I was I was within 10 percent of my guess about Baby Aladar.
  So I think it's probably, let's say,  45 percent like 55 percent dislike.
  We'll put the poll up.
  That's my guess.
  Ooh, maybe I'll lay a guess down.
  I actually think it's going to be oddly.
  I think 65 percent like.
  I think that's high.
  Yeah, I think this is going to be a divisive one.
  I think it's going to get pretty close to even.
  But with more people disliking.
  The same PR person who you read a quote from earlier  had another kind of highfalutin quote about him.
  There are definitely people who are not fans of him, but he has more fans than not.
  Well, we'll find out.
  And at a time when there's all sorts of uncertainty,  people like the familiar and the known.
  So that was said in whatever year that was said.
  And certainly 2020 as we record this, it could not be a more uncertain time.
  So how and everyone's asking, how does Mr.
  Six hold up in this even more uncertain of times?  And we'll find out.
  Hi, Mr.
 Could you imagine Mr.
  Six coming like leading  a new promotional push?  Six Flags is open.
  They're all open.
  But Mr.
 Six has a mask on.
  That's what America needs.
  People get a little lax with the mask usage.
  You know, it's time.
  We need heroes wearing the mask.
  They need a trusted person saying, yes, is OK.
  Mask is good.
 Mask stops the spread.
  And since they can't be the president,  who is maybe the only person more divisive than Mr.
  Six, we need a leader to show that if you're an elderly man,  wearing a mask is a good thing.
  It's a strong thing to do.
 Right.
  The president, of course, said masks are for losers.
  So that's a hill to climb.
 We have to get over that.
  And what better way is to have a much more energetic older man  show that it's working for him?  Masks are working for him.
  I do think Mr.
 Six is better favorables than the president.
  I don't think that's in question.
  Should we be running him?  Is he maybe more electable than Biden?  Couldn't be worse.
  So it's a very similar candidate, honestly.
  And also, I mean, another good thing is that, you know, like here,  can somebody is better.
  Can you ask a question that might be asked of Biden in a bit?  As what's the question they would ask Mr.
 Six in a debate?  Oh, that's a good political or more about theme parks.
  No political.
 Oh, OK.
  What do you do to  what do you do as far as health care to expand coverage to more Americans?  Hmm.
  And he says he's dancing.
  He's dancing.
  Yeah, everyone's loving it.
  The live approval ratings.
  Yeah, it's way, way, way up.
  Yeah.
 Trump is angry.
  Trump's like down in his fist into his other hand,  girding his teeth.
  He's furious.
 He's having a heart attack.
  He's he's keeled over.
  Trump is being sent to the hospital.
  That is how thoroughly Mr.
 Six is beating him in this debate.
  He Trump tries to dance.
  Oh, I want to say, I mean, yeah.
  I think that they should have a dance off to the Venga boys,  and that should be what a debate is.
  It is.
 This is what a debate will be in like 20 years.
  But let's just have it happen sooner.
  Two old men dancing.
  And go see.
  That's one of the things I like about Mr.
 Six.
  Mr.
 Six moves like a Mr.
 Show character.
  He's like he moves like Choo Choo, the herky jerky dancer.
  Like if you just let him keep going.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Do we like the dances that he does?  That's maybe a good question to ask an hour and 10 in or whatever.
  I do.
 I do.
  But it's a little too much.
  It's a little too.
  It's a little too.
  Like if it was on so you think you could dance, I would.
  I think I would critique the dance.
  I would say, look, you know, you're you're obviously a talented dancer, Mr.
  Six, but you're putting a little.
  It's like a little too comedic for my taste in dancing.
  I like a little bit more.
  I like a little more sincerity.
  I like a little more sensuality as if it was a video by the group.
  I call 65 or I know if I have  bingo boys were the sexy one, I'm sorry.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's what I would say.
  So I don't dislike the dancing.
  It's just a little too comedic in nature for me.
  Too funny.
  The problem with Mr.
 Six is his dances are too funny.
  They're too funny.
  I need a little more serious dancing from them.
  They are funny.
 They're funny because they're random.
  That's outrageous to see an old man dance that fast.
  That's true.
 I want to see him get it.
  You want it to be a motive and move it.
  You want it to be like he should do.
  He and Little Six should put on blonde wigs like Sia  and do the very touching chandelier performance.
  I want the chandelier performance.
  I mean, that would that would be great.
  Be a lady.
  I want to see.
  I want to see.
  Anyway, I want a lady, an older lady six.
  I want his like wife or girlfriend, and I want them to do them like Magic Mike  live dance that I saw in Las Vegas, where there's like water  pouring down from the ceiling and they're sliding around on their knees  and they're like getting into it.
  It was like a beautiful artistic expression.
  Why would you want this all of a sudden?  This is this is going to get people to a theme park.
  No, that's look, I'm not saying it's for them.
  I'm saying that's for me.
  You want it to be you the person who thinks like a robot  monkey burping is to body.
  Suddenly you want a sensual dance  with Mr.
 Six and a false made up Mrs.
 Six.
  It was not a body dance.
  The dance was artistic.
  I'm talking about a specific Magic Mike live Las Vegas show.
  The Lindsay and I saw it's a specific type of dance.
  Yes.
 Is it maybe not for children?  Of course.
 But it's not that body Vanga boys video with CGI butts.
  This is a this is pure human expression.
  Uh huh.
  So now Mr.
  Six needs to be doing it with his elderly wife.
  I don't I don't want him to do the exact same dance.
  I'm just saying that that's more what I like in dancing.
  The question was, do we like his dancing?  That's all I'm saying.
  I'm not going to maybe propose that at the next Six Flags board meeting.
  But I'm just saying this is the dancing I prefer.
  Can you find a video of the dance that you saw?  I absolutely can.
  Can we somehow superimpose Mr.
  Six's face onto it?  And that will be the judge.
  Yes, I there's a lot.
  I actually have seen there's a couple of YouTube videos of people  that have already done this for other commercials and superimposed Mr.
  Six's face.
  I'm going to find the dance I'm talking about.
  I want Mr.
  Six to dance with the vacuum cleaner like the is that Fred Astaire or Gene Kelly?  In those commercials, remember?  Oh, right, right, right.
  I have Fred Astaire, I think, but I could be wrong.
  Yeah.
 You wanted him to be like in every ad, like earnest.
  That would be good.
  I think for the real Mr.
  Six has a little video with Mr.
  Six dancing with Danny Tieson, the performer who was under the makeup.
  OK, so let's talk about this.
  Yes.
 And probably if you're if you're sitting still somewhere,  you should go look out, just type in Mr.
  Six Danny Tieson and prepare to have your mind blown.
  Because, Mr.
  Who is in Mr.
 Six?  Is it like a weird child or a secret celebrity or something?  No, it's this like kind of just well built, good looking British guy.
  All right.
 I'm watching the video of the dance I'm talking about,  and it is too sexy for Mr.
  Six.
 Oh, yeah.
  You think so? Good.
  It's still a very good dance and very impressive because there's a lot of water going on.
  But it is like he can't.
  It's called live sexy water dance.
  Yeah, I knew it was sexy, but it's a little too much for Mr.
  Six.
 This is going to ruin the makeup.
  First things first.
 Yeah, that's fair.
 That's fair.
  There's too much like clothing removed.
  There's no way we could do it, Mr.
 Six.
  I'm just saying I was impressed with the the technicality of this,  the ability of the dancers, because it's like insane.
  I'm just still confused because your glasses fog when there's like a May  West joke, you know, show with animatronic critters.
  And now you're telling me you love the sexy water dance.
  Look, it's buried somewhere in this brain.
  Once in a while, it has to come out.
  So I guess it came out at the Magic Mike show in Las Vegas  during the couple's dance in the water.
  That's all that's all I can say.
  That's why somewhere and it happens once every year.
  It's like Ponfar with Spock on the on Star Trek every seven years.
  I'm a little bit emergent.
  I've moved by some sort of sexuality.
 Yes.
  Oh, boy.
  And it just happened to coincide with our Las Vegas trip.
  Last year, when we saw the Eminem show and Magic Mike live  and David Copperfield with Blue 32.
  Whoa, whoa.
  That's a vacation you need a vacation from.
  Yeah, it's confusing that I for 65 did the song blue  and then we're obsessed with blue 32.
  Yeah, that is a good point.
  Yeah, that is a good point.
  And then we couldn't figure out if it was a rule 34.
  A lot to keep straight in this episode.
  Rule 32 should be a different blue 32 based search.
  Oh, no.
 OK, yes.
  If if that rule is if David  Copperfield has an animatronic alien in a show,  there has to be porn of it.
 Yes.
  Then every every every artist and listener to the show needs to make porn of it.
  Yeah.
 Blue 32 wears a mask.
  We've seen blue 32 in a mask.
 So.
 Oh, they did do that.
  Yes, he did put a mask on him on Instagram or something.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Hmm.
 Oh, we bet Danny Tieson just to just to say it.
  It's I don't know what else to say about this.
  It's just bizarre.
  I I don't know.
  He's maybe I have no thoughts about this.
  Yeah, it's interesting, I guess.
  But then that's kind of the end of that fact.
  All right.
 So as a guy.
 All right.
  Yeah.
 On on IMDb, I'm seeing that he is Judd Apatow's best film yet.
  Oh, no.
 Sorry.
 That's just one of three King of Staten Island ads.
  Oh, let's see.
 No, he just works a lot.
  Hey, yeah, him.
 Great.
 Yes.
  He works.
 We worked with the Kylie Minogue and  Tom Jones.
  I hope I hope for his sake, this character comes back so we can get more money  to get some more paydays here from the Six Flags Corporation.
  Yeah.
 How did this start again?  I think he just got cast.
  I he talked about I saw like a quote from him that he was like,  yeah, it was like a secret identity for a little.
  No one knew I was doing it.
  Like and yet people thought it was a kid or an old person or what?  Maybe the maybe they should expand the six universe  and have like a lot of different sixes, the whole family,  like a whole like 10 person six family.
  And then we could get in the mix for auditioning for these.
  That's really where I'm going with this.
  I could be his son.
 I could be his adult son.
  Well, where does that leave me and Jason?  You could be his other adult son.
  Three.
 You got three sons each.
  It was one single dad with three sons.
  So we're all his sons will all be his sons.
  And then we have each we each have three children.
  But do we all look like Mr.
  Seryi, do we look like old bald men?  We do, but we look like a little there's like slightly less wrinkles.
 OK.
  So and maybe we have hair, maybe it's sort of the same face,  little less wrinkles, and we have varying amounts of hair.
  And do we get to leave before he does a sexy dance with our mom?  No, we have to stand around and watch and support her.
  And cheer.
 The dance is just the usual dance.
  But it's in water and they still take their clothes off.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So that's yeah, that's all part of it.
  But it's a giant family.
  It's a Brady Bunch size family.
  A dog.
 Oh, yeah.
  Doggy six.
 Mm hmm.
  Mostly hairless.
  I mean, Chihuahua.
  Yeah, just as wrinkly as Mr.
 Six.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Same big glasses.
  No time.
 Yep.
  Doggy six.
 Doggy six.
  Michael six.
 Jason six.
  Scott six.
 Great.
  Fan art, please.
  Fan art, please.
  Um, so, uh, now do we  should we talk about that he went away and why he went away?  Yeah, yeah, we should do that.
  Um, I OK, so he's with 2004 to what?  2005.
 This wasn't that long, actually, all told.
  But it seems like within like an 18 month span, he blew up so big.
  They are using him.
  I don't know if he blew up with the audience, but they're using him a lot.
  He is.
 He is completely the face.
  I remember seeing him on.
  They must have used him on Coke cans and stuff, right?  With tie ins.
  You definitely would see Mr.
 Six outside of six bags.
  Right.
 Yeah, yeah.
  I think for sure he was everywhere.
  Yeah.
 Good morning, America, I think.
  Really? Yeah.
  Like as a sit down guest or did he just do a dance?  I'm sure he just did the dance.
  Maybe he taught them the dance.
  Yeah, because he wasn't talking back then.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So but I guess, as we've said, he was always rather divisive.
  And and then there was a change in management at Six Flags,  which started the domino effect of him going away.
  There was a guy came on the board of Six Flags named Daniel Snyder.
  Daniel Snyder to this day is the owner of the Washington Redskins.
  And one of the worst people in America.
  That's that's that's about right.
  Yes.
 He he's he took over.
  He got on the board, got like a 15 percent share  and then started fighting with the rest of the board,  you know, criticizing them for all manner of things.
  And eventually, essentially led a coup that put him  and another guy named Mark Shapiro in charge of Six Flags.
  So he he on November 29th, 2005, took over as the full owner  of the Six Flags parks.
  The next day, the very first thing he did was retire.
  The Mr.
 Six campaign, because if there's anyone who knows  exactly when to retire a divisive mascot,  it's the owner of the Washington Redskins.
  But he couldn't wait.
  We have to do he called the campaign pointless.
  He went away.
  The it's playtime motto went away.
  And they replaced it with a much catchier, friendly, clean, fast, safe service.
  You kept thinking it was going to be done.
 It wasn't done.
  That's too many words.
  That's the third five.
  Yeah, that wasn't it's dog shit like that ad campaign is just all.
  It's nothing like that's terrible.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Now, to Jason's point, one of the worst people in America, Jason,  I don't know if either of you, I don't know if you guys looked further  into Daniel Snyder, but if if if you did throw in anything else,  you learned, but otherwise just sit back and prepare for me to pummel you with evil.
  Oh, all right.
 Hit us.
 Hit us.
  This guy.
 OK.
  So just, you know, outside of the of the Six Flags thing,  owner of the Washington Redskins steadfastly refuses to change the name.
  We cannot.
 He said a couple of years ago, put it in all caps.
  I want you to put it in all caps.
  We will never get rid of the name.
  He would not sign Colin Kaepernick, even though they needed his  quarterback.
 I don't know.
  They needed they needed somebody good.
  He was available and they wouldn't sign him.
  He owns a yacht with an IMAX theater, not just a movie theater,  but an IMAX theater.
  He gave one point one million dollars, not just to Donald Trump,  but to specifically Trump's inauguration.
  Make sure it's to the inauguration.
  So I hope three doors down was worth one point one million  of your personal dollars.
  When the recession hit in 2008, 2009,  he oversaw a campaign to sue season ticket holders  who were unable to pay for their season tickets,  including a 75 year old grandma.
  So right there, he hates old people.
  That's what he hates, Mr.
 Six.
  He sues Redskins fans who are elderly.
  The bad guy.
  He OK, there was this weird story where  he had a house with a slight view of the Potomac River in Washington,  but he wanted a better view.
  So he worked with a crooked National Park Service official  to cut down 130 trees to improve his river view.
  Oh, my God.
  Yes.
 I think if any listener who knows the Redskins or follows  well, probably knows about this guy and what a mega piece of shit he is.
  But it's all new to me.
  That official who he worked with stepped down from the National Park Service  in 2015, he retired, but was brought back all of a sudden  to run our national parks by President Donald J.
 Trump.
  Wow.
 The web of evil that this enemy of Mr.
  Six is tangled up in is amazing.
  And let me add one more to it.
  As I said, his day two of owning Six Flags,  the first thing he does, get rid of Mr.
  Six, we got to get rid of Mr.
 Six.
  Two weeks later, he decides to bring a buddy of his  onto the board of directors of Six Flags.
  His old pal, Harvey Weinstein.
  Oh, my God.
  With the justification that why, by partnering with a Hollywood  titan like Harvey, now we can instead of, you know, Mr.
  Six in the coasters, all we're doing is appealing to teenagers.
  We need to get families into the park.
  So now we can bring in kids with kid friendly characters  like from Weinstein's film Hoodwinked.
  This is a real thing from an article he thought we're going to.
  We have to.
 We have to give money to Harvey Weinstein for nothing  so that we can license the all important hoodwinked characters.
  Wow.
 Wow.
 Can you guys tell me?  Yeah.
 Well, and and well, and sadly, it's not even quite done.
  But just before that, can you guys name any fact about Hoodwinked?  Any any thing? This was in 2005.
  15 years down the line.
  Can you say anything about Hoodwinked? I cannot.
  OK, I think.
  With the presence of Hood, it's a  like little red riding hood riff,  but it's right after Shrek.
  So it's all the characters  probably talking about how something is not even a thing.
  We're doing things that are funny because they're random.
  Is that right? But there's other fairy tale people.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, you know that.
  Yes.
 A deconstructionist little red riding hood.
  I don't know about the pop culture reference of it all, but I  I did look up that there is a a bear police officer played by exhibit.
  Hmm.
 I do like that.
  I like the sound of that.
  Yeah, I kind of do, too.
 Yeah.
  Just wish you could put in a better movie.
  But there are not.
  Oh, I was thinking I was like, aren't there gnomes who fall in love?  And I'm realizing that is no me.
  Oh, and Juliette, correct? Correct.
  When I was explaining all this to Erin, I asked her the same question.
  Can you tell me anything about Hoodwinked?  And she was like,  is it the one like with mooses?  And I said, no, that's open season.
  OK, is it the one with like animals who are in the trash  that they want to be in a nice house?  And I said, no, that's over the hedge.
  It is this is  it's pretty impossible to tell any of these apart.
  Wow.
 Yeah, I know.
 I had no I didn't I could I'm not a single guess.
  Anyway, the the I mean, literally, there's been full articles like  here's the 16 shittiest things Dan Snyder has done while owning things.
  One of the crazier ones while he owned Six Flags is that  he did a tie in with some mattress company so that for a little while,  Six Flags Great Escape in New York was selling mattresses in the theme park.
  What?  Because of some deal he made, he did the same thing with the Redskins,  like by the official Redskins mattress.
  And fans are walking by stores in the stadium like why are there mattresses here?  And then it happened in Six Flags, too.
  And the mattresses cost thirteen hundred dollars.
  Oh, my God.
  Who would why would you be in a theme park?  I mean, I guess I know they'll deliver it to you.
  But what would ever make you think?  I better buy a  mattress, especially if it says Six Flags really big on it or well, I guess not.
  This is where he fucked up because he got rid of Mr.
  Six and if it just had Mr.
  Six's face really big, everyone would buy it.
  Well, now, yeah, that I would buy an ARP.
  This guy is going to have to inhabit  the sector keeper and we're going to have to fight him.
  Like that seems like  he is completely in league with those people.
  I know he's going to have to fight him.
  Going in league with those people.
  I know we had fights with people who once we decided that they were villains and then  we looked into them and it turned out they were like fine.
  Yeah.
  Meanwhile, leaving Daniel Snyder,  Daniel Snyder, who, by the way, is not Daniel Snyder, the Nickelodeon producer,  who's perhaps an even more evil person than Daniel Snyder.
  Yeah.
 Just do a quick Google on that.
  One of them should be just locked up on  general principle and the other should be locked up for everything they did.
  Allegedly.
  Sure, if you want to just Google.
  Yeah.
  OK, so  sorry, I'll make this part quick.
  I'm reading about all this,  all this just to say this is the kind of person who opposes Mr.
  Six and if I at one point in my life was someone who opposed Mr.
  Six, do I want to be on the side of this motherfucker?  This guy is like destroying a forest to have a nicer view and hanging out with Trump  and Weinstein, a bunch of bulls.
  He's also just continues to I think everyone's unhappy with his ownership of  the Redskins and he absolutely bungled Six Flags.
  He only owned it for four years, in which time that was enough time for them to get  to Chapter 11.
  Somehow Bill Gates was an investor in all this and he personally lost  one hundred and twenty two million dollars  because of Daniel Snyder, who lost his entire investment.
  It was all blown.
 So he fucked up.
  And then I'm reading an article like he got kicked out, as did the guy he installed  as president, Mark Shapiro.
  I thought I was done with the evil pummeling.
  Mark Shapiro, who was for this amount of time, was the president of Six Flags,  who first of all, before I read you all this, here's what he thinks of Mr.
  Six.
 Well, we have to meet with the ad  company and evaluate where we are.
  The thing is, I don't know what Mr.
  Six stands for.
 How does he represent the company?  What does he signify for our guests?  He's not selling an experience.
  He's a gimmick.
 And I don't think a gimmick is the right way to sell Six Flags.
  So fighting words.
  Now, let me tell you, this guy is currently the president of Endeavor.
  And if you pay attention to any Hollywood stuff, you'll know that Endeavor is the one  of the big four agencies that is careening towards bankruptcy.
  They're like absolutely fucked.
  He did cut his salary in half to help everybody.
  So now he only makes one point five million dollars a year.
  And from one of his jobs, the others being he's on the board of Live Nation,  Papa John's, uh, and a company called Equity Residential,  which is the top contributor to a pack that right now, as we speak, at the height  of the covid crisis is fighting housing affordability.
  They gave so that he's on the board of a company that gave three million dollars  in rent money to fight rent being more affordable.
  Um,  one more, um, you remember when Papa John said there was a day of reckoning coming  when he gave that weird, sweaty interview and said there will be a day of reckoning.
  It's all going to come out in that very same interview.
  He said Mark Shapiro is a sex creep and should be in jail.
  What?  Papa, he this the people who don't like Mr.
  Six are so bad that Papa John thinks they're pieces of shit.
  Is this the weirdest episode we've ever done?  We might have just between all of we all  just live watched digital butts in a Venga boys video.
  And now I'm learning about Papa John's enemies.
  I truly feel crazy right now.
  Yeah, exactly.
  We haven't read all of it.
 I am exhausted.
  So just let me let me just add up a couple of bullet points.
  If the people who we the very first thing we must do is get rid of Mr.
  Six, these are people that are good friends of Trump and Weinstein.
  They've they're so creepy.
  They've made enemies of Papa John.
  They're currently on the wrong side of like the of housing affordability and  this racist mascot, they're like current villains who ran six legs into the ground  and yet are still like running the world.
  These people are absolute pieces of shit.
  And to stand against Mr.
  Six is to stand with them.
  I stand with Mr.
  Six.
  Well, now it's a political statement to like Mr.
  Six and we have to stand up and say we love Mr.
  Six.
 There's no other way.
  There's no other way to be.
  There's you're with him or you're against him.
  Mr.
 Six lay low right now, but I believe will emerge one day soon to remind us  that it's not only playtime, but more flags equals more fun and potentially  also more rampant corruption.
  But  I mean, who do you think fed all these leads to the press?  Maybe someone close, maybe an older, respectable man, well-dressed man.
  You're saying he was a deep throat.
  I'm saying Mr.
  Six may be the mole, maybe like taking it down from the inside.
  Wow.
 Damn.
  Damn.
 Yeah.
 These bastards came in, fired him.
  He didn't just dance away.
  He fought for his livelihood and he won.
  They left the cut.
  This was an old West movie.
  They fucking got out of Dodge.
  And who was the last man standing?  Mr.
 Six was Mr.
 Six.
  Maybe he was communicating these messages through the dancing.
  Whoa.
 If we had looked into it and realized it wasn't just dumb, he was  conveying something and not just that, like if you let these people leave six  flags and go on to run the world and be in charge of your rent, they're going to  fuck you apart.
 Yeah.
  He knew he knew in 2007.
  Wow.
  Man.
 Yeah.
  This is the weirdest episode we've ever done.
  I will.
 Who knew that Mr.
  Six would lead to all kinds of current corruption stuff?  I think Mr.
 Six, I will say, is conspicuously absent.
  And I hope like Dave Chappelle, he will reemerge.
  He's probably sitting and thinking about what can he say?  He's probably like he's biding his time.
  But I know he'll be around.
  We'll hear his comment on everything.
  Yes.
 I mean, it'll be it'll be he's probably thinking of what dance to do.
  What dance will heal this nation?  Yeah.
  So I guess a hero will rise, I think.
  I think that like Six Flags obviously owns a character.
  Six Flags probably owns Marvel McFay.
  I think maybe you could do an All Stars of Six Flags characters,  Marvel McFay, Mr.
 Six, Mrs.
  Taz, all the characters, the Jim Carrey Riddler.
  And Avengers must rise.
  Yeah.
 Don't forget Little Six.
  Little Six, of course.
  And then  I'm trying to think of any of the original characters from their fear,  their fear fest that I can't think of.
  Oh, well, one of those characters, too.
  And they'll all be backed up by an army of poorly paid teens.
  Yeah.
  And that's that's who you want on your back.
  Poorly paid teens saving your back.
  Yeah, they got nothing to lose.
  They're all they're all hopped up on vape juice and  yeah, fog juice, fog juice.
  Yeah.
  Anyways, it's so  I just I feel back to the corner.
  I have I have to like them.
  I'm pro him.
 And not only for all those reasons, but I also realize something.
  I think I might have seen him the first time.
  And like I say, you know, I thought I thought it was weird.
  I thought it was weird.
  He's weird in a bad way or random in a way that I don't like.
  But you know what?  You know what he is, is he's not he's not IP.
  He's not you know, he's original IP, his original Six Flags IP.
  And he is a little weird and a little divisive.
  And as soon as these corporate fat cats came in, they didn't understand him.
  You know, we don't want him.
  We need the guys.
  We need something we can trust like the characters from Hoodwinked.
  We need something that makes sense on a spreadsheet.
  And Mr.
 Six doesn't make sense on a spreadsheet.
  He's he doesn't make any sense at all.
  And that's why you have to support it.
  I think supporting Mr.
 Six, whether or not you like him,  is to support the cause of keeping theme parks weird.
  Right, right.
 I agree.
  I think you're right.
 I think I think we could put that put the  Star Spangled Banner under that, as you were saying it.
  That was such a beautiful statement, Scott.
  I think that's a good point, because we all we all bemoan  the lack of original IP and weirdness in the parks.
  Everything now has to be a big movie, you know?  And it is nice that this bizarre, random old man who's not really connected  to anything is related to Six Flags.
  It would be nice to see him in the park still because you go,  well, I only get to see this old man here.
  This is a special place.
  There's a special character that I only  can experience in one of these wonderful Six Flags parks.
  Like Figment and Dreamfinder.
 That's right.
  I certainly like Figment and Dreamfinder more, but it is the same  syndrome we're talking about.
  It's who gets characters you can only meet if you go to this specific place or like  19 specific places and maybe he's not there.
  I don't know.
  Yes, I just be in the ads.
  Look, I like him now.
  I absolutely like him now.
  Very good.
 Yeah, I just want to.
  Yeah, let's let's expand it.
  That's all I'm saying.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So Six Flags reopens at some point.
  We want to see him there.
  We want to see him in a mask because he's a he's a role model and he can he can  lead the way.
  But what else?  How can we expand his role?  Do we give him more rides?  Does he appear in the Justice League ride?  Does he join the Justice League?  I love that.
 That's great.
  I think that's absolutely should happen.
  I think, you know, what you could do is  you could sell a mask that's even more like that has more coverage.
  That is just a rubber latex, Mr.
  Six head that has sort of the same kind of masking properties in the nose and mouth  area.
 So you have just everyone walking around with Mr.
  Six faces on.
  Whoa.
 So, you know, the theme parts are coming back and they're going to require  masks.
 You can't enter without a mask at Six Flags nationwide.
  If you can't enter without a Mr.
  Six mask.
  Yes, you have to.
  Yeah, you have to wear Mr.
  Six on your face.
  So it's just a bunch of sixes walking around.
  It would be like Agent Smith in The Matrix.
  I guess you'd have to wear the suit, too, to really make it look like that.
  But maybe that's also part of it.
  You have to wear a hazmat suit that looks like a black tuxedo with a bow tie,  which I like.
  I put it out there that I want to go to Six Flags opening day in a hazmat suit.
  If some sort of publication will pay for all of it, I will cover it.
  But now I'd like to amend that, too.
  I'd like you to pay for a tuxedo and a latex mask of Mr.
  Six that I can wear.
  Yeah.
  But it has that has to be virus compliant.
  Yes, it has to have inside the latex mask has to have one of the what is the N95.
  What is that? Is that the name of the mask?  Yes.
  Like the hospital mask.
  Yeah, sorry.
  34.
 I think you need an R34 mask.
  OK, I will.
  65 mask.
  Those are all good masks.
  Just take your pick, but you'll choose.
  Yeah.
  That's that's great.
  You know, there's a powerful moment, I think, about a lot at the end of the film  Volcano, where ash has fallen on everyone in the Beverly Center area  where the volcano was erupting and a little girl is asking you, do you see your  daddy somewhere? And and she says, I don't know who's who.
  Everyone looks the same  cuts around to everyone covered in ash,  the end, which should be a destructive act, but it's reminding everyone that we're  all human and that it's it's on.
  We're all in this together, transcends the racial lines, age, everything.
  And I think the same thing would happen  in this reopen six flags where everyone's in a Mr.
  Six mask, a little kid would say, we're all the same.
  We all scary.
  We're all the same.
  We're all a little a little creepy.
  We're all a little test from Canyon Valley a bit.
  But it's but metaphorically beautiful, though.
  Yeah.
  Mr.
 Six offered me the chance to buy a plastic soda cup I can refill all season  long.
  Mr.
 Six offered me that if I buy a churro  for a dollar fifty, I'll get to stay in the park for six extra hours.
  That's the real it's a real deal.
  Yeah.
  The coffin challenge is different this year.
  Mr.
 Six is in there with you.
  Doing a very sensual dance.
  It's raining on you in the coffin now.
  There's water being poured into the coffin as you dance with Mr.
  Six.
  It's in question whether any of us could  survive the Mr.
 Six coffin challenge, but I will say that we've survived  podcast the ride.
  I think that's I think it's beautiful.
  This is the future.
  I'll co-opt the thing that people say in a mean way on Twitter.
  This is the future liberals want.
  But I mean it.
  I want the future.
  This is the future the left wants is a six flags where everyone's in a Mr.
  Six mask.
 Yeah.
  In confidence, I think.
  I think this is going to take off.
  This is going to get past the podcast.
  This is going to be so popular.
  People won't even know it comes from our podcast.
  Oh, yeah.
 Where did that idea originate?  I don't know.
  They say from three geniuses who didn't even want credit.
  They just so selfless were they.
  It's like in music videos where like music is outlawed, but then the people rise up.
  No fine like a very old Jason Sheridan and ask like, is it true?  Is it true that you and two other men  created this thing that made the world a utopia?  And Jason will go, it's true.
  All of it.
  Well, beautiful stuff for more very beautiful stuff.
  And I'm sure a lot of great photos of Mr.
  Six Halloween masks and different variants and creepy CGI,  sexualized music videos and Magic Mike dance.
  This will all be available to you on our Twitter, on our Facebook or Instagram.
  And there's always three bonus episodes  every month over at podcast, the ride, the second gate at Patreon.
com slash podcast.
  The ride.
 Yeah.
  And then rate and review us also on Apple podcast, because I always forget to say  that, oh, and you know, right.
  As you said that I saw something in my notes.
  One thing that I missed, you know, you say, rate us.
  We like to tell people to do specific things at the iTunes.
  When Mr.
 Six was brought back post the  grim period of the most horrible men in America owning the parks,  he was in charge of the funno meter.
  He would rate how many flags different things were.
  Somebody said he's our he's our raider.
  He's Mr.
 Six is the raider.
  That was a new way they thought to use him.
  For example,  throwing baseball at your dad's crotch, two flags.
  This is in an ad, I guess,  riding a six legs roller coaster, six flags, more flags.
  Yes, that's right.
  More flags equals more fun.
  So should we adopt that?  Just.
  Yeah.
  I mean, the problem is that we're stuck in this authoritarian iTunes review system  where it's five stars and we can't customize it just for our reviews to make  it six flags.
 Yeah, right.
  But you could write six flags.
  You could say in the review written part, it's actually six flags that they get.
  Yes.
  So if you want to rate and review us, then say something, make it a question,  like something you like about the show,  listening to listening to three guys talk about a creepy old man for  an hour and a half, six flags, more flags, more fun  or whatever, fill in the blank of what you like about the show.
  Right.
  Yeah.
 Anything you like.
  Yeah.
  But more Venga boys talk, please.
  I'm sure that's going to be high on the list.
  The promise of more Venga boys talk, six flags  should make no sense to anyone.
  No one's going to read any of these and want to listen to the podcast, but whatever.
  So we were flooding it with nonsense is what we want.
  And if you think this is the weirdest episode, let us know if it's six weird flags.
  That's a scale of weirdness.
  How rated and what the amount of weird flags this episode is.
  Sure.
 Well, we got our plan.
  You've got your marching orders.
  And while we should be wrapping it up, I did miss one thing and I kind of can't  help but throw this on because when we talked about doing this episode,  part of it came from the discovery that there was a different version of the  Venga Boys song that had a little bit of crossover with our friend Bugman.
  So here to play us out is a from kids WB ad,  a customized version of the Venga Boys song that in this case is called  We like the Puddy.
  Play us out, Tweety.
  We like the Puddy.
  We like, we like the Puddy.
  We like the Puddy.
  My Tweety calls me Tweety because I am a Tweety.
  And Tweety has a Puddy.
  And I say goody goody is me buddy.
  We like the Puddy.
  We like, we like the Puddy.
  We like the Puddy.
  I like the Tweety.
  Whoops.
  Forever  Dog.
  This has been a Forever Dog production,  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm,  Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook.
