 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast may be only 8% complete, and that 8% may be overrun with  gummy babies, profane ghosts, and Shrek fart water.
  The ugly themed mall that has ruined the New Jersey skyline for decades now ruins this podcast.
  The American Dream Disaster on Podcast The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride.
  For an episode that has been in the works since the first George W.
 Bush administration,  I'm Jason Sheridan.
  Are you going to say you were George W.
 Bush?  Was that what you were about to say?  Have you lost your mind?  This topic maybe.
  That's Mike Carlson.
  Scott Garner is also here.
  I'm not George W.
 Bush.
  I'm not George W.
 Bush also, but you know, the craziest thing is I think it's even further.
  At least with the like little embers, like the beginning seeds of this crazy thing,  I think go back to Clinton a little bit.
  Oh yeah, initial like pitches and stuff.
  They go back to an era when these sorts of multi entertainment destination things were  like relevant.
  Before like this thing bridges all of the giant tragedies, it goes back, it covers all  of them.
  It really like and it's the most apt name, the most apt thing to be doing at this time,  I think.
  I would say multiple apt names too.
  Oh yes, it went from one to another.
  Yeah, I honestly, a note I had written down is how many people read about what this was  and was like, I am going to go join ISIS.
  This is causing me, those ISIS guys might have a point.
  I just learned about a big mall and it drove me insane.
  I never really thought about Death to America before, but you know, now I can kind of wrap  my head around the concept.
  Yeah, with an entertainment complex and shopping, the size of the scope was enough to drive  people to extremism.
  So we're talking about, correct me if I'm wrong, one of the names, the American Dream  Meadowlands.
  Oh, see, I missed that as a name.
  I didn't see that either.
  Is that one of the many names?  I thought that's where they ended up.
  Like that's the most recent one, maybe.
  If you look them up, I think, I believe now you just go to, if you want to learn about  this place, I think it's just americandream.
com, if that clarifies it, where the logo just  says American Dream and you can click around the website of this, one of the biggest malls  ever built, but don't call it a mall in front of the people responsible because it's so  much more than that.
  It's so full of attractions.
  Why, if you go to the website like I'm looking at right now, you'll see all kinds of rides  and slides and other things that are not open and may never open.
  Yeah, I will say, you know, we haven't talked, we've been talking a lot about ladders lately,  which I'm really excited about, but we haven't talked about slides that much.
  So I'm excited to talk about slides.
  So we've never done an episode devoted to one single slide.
  We've talked around various water slides, but there is not one that's been enough to  get its own episode, which are there any?  I mean, maybe that one that killed that person, but I don't really want to talk about that  for a long time.
  No, I'm not interested in that one.
  I don't, we don't need to talk about that one.
  There's one in Toontown.
  Where's the slide in Toontown?  We haven't done enough about that.
  That's gone though.
  They took out, I don't think you can go on slides anymore.
  No slide?  Yeah, that's I was like a legal cut at some point.
  America is getting worse, I guess.
  This is yeah, what we're talking about is a mall in New Jersey that it has a very long  and calamitous history and that finally started opening.
  And then there was the covid-19 outbreak.
  And we've certainly been aware of this and we've we've texted about it.
  But I just want to credit the person who put it back on our radar on our Facebook group.
  I'm going to guess the pronunciation, Jason Fausoni, who posted an article on a website  called Six Square Feet.
  And just to read, because sometimes you just have to see what we saw to understand why  we had to leap to it and do an episode.
  The headline, no reopening plans for New Jersey's American Dream Mall as tenants flee  and owner skips mortgage payments.
  We knew right away this was deep in our wheelhouse.
  Oh, I just want to say when this first came up years ago on the podcast, I said it's not  going to happen.
 It's not going to it's not going to fully this because this I had heard  about this for years and years and just that it was a catastrophe.
  Chris Christie, of all people, the former governor of New Jersey.
  Let me try and find this quote I have.
  He described it as quite possibly the ugliest building in New Jersey and maybe America.
  And he would know about ugly because he's a pug ugly son of a bitch.
  Oh, wow, Jason.
  Ugly inside and out, Chris Christie.
  Gee, where's the throwing blonser?  Which oddly ugly inside and out is not something that he himself would say about the mall  because he made that comment.
  People it got a lot of press and it really like damned this place for a long time.
  Then to assuage him, at some point he was given a tour and he said in the press, just  so you know, I saw the inside and it is not as ugly as the outside.
  I'm happy to report they like took him around to show him.
  See, not so bad.
  And then he turns out he's being fair there, you know, that's an honest man.
  That's an honest politician.
  He was being fair.
 You know what else?  He was being very wrong, very incorrect.
  You know, we've all been looking at photos of this place for a while.
  And I'd have to agree.
  There's one other I don't know if this is from the one that Jason posted on the Facebook  or from another article called A Dream Deferred.
  But let me just read this just to, you know, just so the press, this article can do the  exposition for us to explain this whole thing.
  After nearly two decades of construction delays, New Jersey's mega mall, American Dream  partially opened last October, partially.
  And this story, as we said, goes back decades.
  Six months later, the three million square foot venue was forced to close its doors  because of the coronavirus pandemic.
  Now, even as the state continues its gradual reopening, there is still no reopening  date for the five billion dollar mall.
  Amazing.
  Billion dollars and one billion supposedly taxpayer subsidies.
  Wow.
 It's the whole thing with this and this company.
  It's a company that's always tried to make it, you know, public money meets other stuff.
  But, you know, before you get too far into it.
  I mean, so Jason and the Facebook group reminded us, oh, this would be really fun to talk  about and it's current and it's relevant and hopefully not, you know, I don't think  they're going to reopen by the end of the week that we're recording this and then it's  not relevant anymore.
  It doesn't seem like things are going great.
  But, yeah, obviously this would be fun to do.
  But I realized, wait, isn't.
.
.
  You remember at the end of the downtown Disney ordeal that we were sent on all these  missions by all these keepers, like from various all, none of them theme  parks, obviously all shopping centers near theme parks are related to theme parks.
  And there were a lot of them.
  And I got to be honest, I zoned out.
  But wasn't one of them the keeper of the American Dream Mall?  Yes, I think you're correct.
  I think that this was already a little bit on a rater because of we were visited by  one of our friend, the sector keepers cousins, who was the keeper of this mall that  had just opened.
  I forget when we did the downtown Disney ordeal.
  I guess it was around that same time that it partially opened.
  Yeah, or was about to.
  I don't know.
  We didn't we didn't think it was going to be closed forever because of the pandemic.
  I do in checking my notes here, it looks like it was supposed to be called the  American Dream Disaster, which oddly a really prophetic name.
  Right.
 What's ended up happening?  Yes.
 Yeah.
  So do you I mean, like this wasn't really I mean, we're just  throwing this together is kind of an afterthought.
  But like, do you think we could like summon him?  Do you think he's huh?  Do you think he's summonable?  I mean, that's that.
  Oh, let me let me do a little texting here.
  Let me see if I can get let me.
  Oh, wait a minute.
  I think I think.
  Boys, boys, it's me, the keeper of the American Dream Mall in New Jersey.
  Whoa, there.
  No, I'm from Long Island and I hate New Jersey.
  I know how much you've been wanting to do my saga, the American Dream Disaster.
  And I said we do in the summer of 2025, but I ain't sure this mall is going to be  around by then to set my spirit free.
  Please review the 8% of the mall that opened before the pandemic.
  This should be 17 episodes minimum.
  Oh, good frigging luck, boys.
  Huh? Well, yeah, there he is.
  Hey, whoa.
 Hi.
  Thanks for thanks for being here on such short notice.
  I do just responded to a Mike text, I guess.
  Yeah, I just texted this gentleman, this ghost gentleman.
  And yeah, so we are.
  Hey, thanks.
 He's here.
  He's in a fourth window on our Zoom.
  We're doing this virtually.
  He just popped up in the corners.
  He's not with any of us in particular, and we all got to be distant.
  So yeah, but yeah, he's he's piping in from from somewhere.
  So, yeah, thanks.
 Thanks for joining.
  I hope I hope you're excited about this.
  This sucks.
 Whoa.
  Hey, well, she's what it is already.
  He give us a chance, dude.
  Yeah, kind of fair.
  Kind of fair.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Hey, man.
  This is, you know, I always find this process  doing records this way to be like a little stiff and a little,  you know, not organic, but he especially just he seems like he's like  so far, like he's not even paying attention.
  I just feel so so distant from the guy.
  Yeah, I know.
  I want to assure the listeners, though, he is here live for sure.
  There's no anything weird, but he is here.
  It's just he's like not paying attention.
  So it might, I think, probably seem like he's sort of, you know, not here.
  But but he is for sure.
  Look, we're all distracted checking out.
  I mean, how can you give any of these Zoom records really?  You're all I just hope he kind of helps us or something.
  Yeah, I think boys, boys, you're boring the crap out of me.
  OK, OK.
 All right.
  Let me get going.
  I think I think that's sort of the vibe here.
  OK, dude.
 OK.
  So I have kind of I kind of have a log line for this place  from the the website chain store age.
  I spent a lot of time on the website chain store age six square feet.
  I'm sure we all were on there.
  There's a lot of articles about this place on there.
  Six square feet also was where I learned that Jeffrey Epstein's Manhattan  Mansion is up for sale.
  Are you going to put in a bid?  No.
 Well, yeah, it's got to get 88 million.
  That's fine.
 OK.
  Does it come with all the hidden cameras that filmed also  so many of our faves, stuff that isn't our fave?  So, OK, so here is the description from chain store age.
  And then I have one of the facts that drove me to madness.
  I learned after reading a lot about this place.
  The American Dream developed by Triple Five Group is approximately three  square millions, three million square feet,  and projects 40 million visitors annually.
  When complete, the destination will include more than 400 retail  food and specialty shops and more than 15 entertainment offerings,  including fully enclosed DreamWorks Waterpark and Nickelodeon  Universe theme park, Big Snow American Dream, KidZania,  live performing arts theater, 300 foot tall observation wheel,  Merlin Entertainment, Sea Life Aquarium and Legoland Discovery Center.
  The rink, an NHL regulation size ice rink  and the dining terrace with over 15 full service restaurants and a food hall.
  So that's a log line.
 That's a paragraph log.
  So much.
 It's it's so very much.
  And one to one big thing I learned is that  the mall portion of this ended up being scheduled to open last.
  And if that wasn't weird enough, another thing I learned is that this is  located in Bergen County in New Jersey.
  Bergen County still has blue laws on the book,  meaning a lot of shops have to stay closed on Sunday.
  Sunday.
 Yeah, I saw that.
  So.
 Whoa.
  So this was pretty common in Jersey back in the day.
  They have blue laws.
  A lot of shops are closed shops and some restaurants are closed.
  Amusement parks are not closed.
  Was that the keeper? Yeah.
  He said, yeah, go put those laws.
  Doesn't like blue laws.
  Blue laws.
 Can you elaborate?  Well, why don't you like them?  Who? This sucks.
  He doesn't like them.
  He just doesn't like them.
  I think he's it's like a feeling he has.
  It's not.
 You don't have to keep going into it.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  Now, supposedly, the reason blue laws are still on the books,  for whatever reason, in this one county in New Jersey is Bergen County  already has a shit ton of malls.
  And the residents have asked them to stay on the books  because it's one day where there is a little bit of relief from the traffic.
  Uh huh.
 Uh huh.
  That's a big factor in this whole thing is the traffic's very bad  in this snake of the woods, which is very near where the Giants play.
 Correct.
  So it like super crazy bottlenecks whenever there's a game.
  And even if there isn't one, the Giants and the Jets  and of course, racetrack and the empty.
  I forget what it's even called now.
  Used to be called the eyes on center where the nets and the Jersey Devils play.
  They have since gone to play elsewhere.
  So there is an empty arena close by as well.
  Visiting the empty arena and why not visit a mall that only got  eight percent open and is only open six out of seven days of the week?  Here's some other numbers.
  Magic Kingdom attendance.
  I believe this was 2017, just under 21 million.
  Universal Studios, Florida attendance, roughly 10 million.
  This place here, this is in a year.
  This place projects 40 million annually.
  40 million annually.
  I mean, that's the hubris is always usually what I think when I.
  And also with a place where there's malls around everywhere.
  Yeah, it's not like this is the only mall in, you know, two states.
  With all these tenants that have multiple outposts really nearby,  I forget what they are off hand, but I, you know, say a target or a Macy's.
  I forget.
 But like, I know that I always saw one major chain.
  That's like the linchpin of this that has three other ones in the area.
  Why would you also be here?  I don't know.
 It's hubris.
  It's great.
 40 million.
  And it's going to top all way to like all those theme parks combined, essentially  out of the gate.
 Like, but why would it?  Well, because it has a Ninja Turtles shell razor roller coaster in.
  And I guess.
  I mean, I will say the ideal version of this.
  Does sound cool.
  Yeah.
 And yeah.
  And we'll I'm sure we'll jump around the history of it.
  But the people currently responsible who resuscitated these plans after several  false starts, it's a company called Triple Five.
  And they are responsible for the Mall of America,  which I feel has been woefully underrepresented on podcast, the ride,  as has the West Edmonton Mall, which was their first foray  into any of this, this mega mall in in Canada.
  And Alberta that seems just bonkers.
  And I this all caused me to look into that a little bit.
  Just the fact that there were you could see dolphin shows in this mall.
  There was a submarine ride.
  You could get on little submarines.
  They they called an area of it, and I believe the hotel fantasy land,  even though at some point Disney sued them and said, you can't also use fantasy land.
  So so both of these malls, I mean, they are like amazing.
  I haven't gotten to go to West Edmonton, but I've just watched full half hour  videos showing you everything there is to do.
  It's crazy.
 Mall of America.
 I have been to.
 I loved it.
  So this is the third in the trilogy of the mega mall of the  Triple Five mega malls.
  If they pulled it off, it could be unbelievable.
  Yeah, I mean, it would be unbelievable.
  I'm not.
 Yes, we're going to make some fun here today.
  But as is common on this podcast,  we're making fun of something that we probably walk into and go,  this is the greatest place we've ever been to.
  Like, I love.
 Yeah, yeah.
  So much in a covid free timeline where we did do this in summer  twenty twenty five.
 Yeah.
  With the keeper.
  I think if nothing bad happened to it, I think we'd be having a ball  and maybe we would do the full 17 episodes he just asked us to do.
  I'm not going to agree to that as it is.
  I mean, barely any of this.
  I hope I think we could fit it all into one unless you guys disagree.
  Hmm.
 I think we could fit it into one, but I'm leaving the option open  for another 16 episodes.
  Sure.
 That's what I'll say.
  Well, now, since we brought up the Mall of America, did anyone  run into the other connection this place has to the Mall of America?  No.
 Oh, the Mall of America is the collateral  for this establishment.
  And yeah, OK.
  Triple Five Group has missed three consecutive  seven million dollar payments on the Mall of America.
  On the Mall of America.
  Yes, on the Mall of America.
  So they're just like, are they?  I wonder, are they do they know they'll just hopefully get bailed out?  Do we know this?  Do we know that like the intricate financial situation where it's like  they probably have the money, but they know that because we're in a time  of covid, they could potentially just get a huge government handout  and not have to pay?  Well, that's made me wonder, has the American Dream received any of that  paycheck protection assistance? Right.
  And the answer is no, I could not find any.
  I could not find from like some of the more notable businesses.
  I did not find any in terms of themed entertainment.
  The Walt Disney Family Museum received PPP assistance.
  Gatorland did and something in Vail, Colorado, called Margaritaville, Inc.
,  which I cannot figure out if it's connected to Margaritaville at all.
  Margaritaville, Inc.
  The Margaritaville, yes, Margaritaville, Inc.
  So it could just be a guy.
  And it's not Margaritaville, Inc.
  Like it's a tattoo place.
  I know not not I and K,  where you can get like a parrot wearing a floppy hat on your arm.
  Right.
 OK.
  Because that's who you would get if you had any options.
  Yeah, you'd be willing to.
  I'm going to get a hat.
  That's pretty wild.
  You know, they did.
  They have laid off 100 people, I believe, the American Dream itself.
  And then amidst all that, I mean, you know, that's that's who the mall employs.
  But then the mall is obviously comprised of many different stores.
  And I believe among places that are pulling out or trying to  forever 21 Victoria's Secret, the Children's Place,  GNC, I forget what that is, and CMX cinemas  are companies that filed bankruptcy entirely due to Covid-19.
  And so thus are no longer opening at the mall.
  And again, none of none of these open.
  They did.
 If you look on YouTube, they did some opening ceremonies  for the theme park part.
  But the rest of it, I think this is correct.
  That the mall section of the mall  was going to open like the week that all of the locking down.
  Oh, my God.
  I think it was the week insane.
  What are the odds?  Well, because they kept shifting.
  They kept breaking them all into phases.
  And they're like it was phase one through four.
  And then they're like, OK, change of plans.
  Phase three is coming first.
  So you're getting the like what it ended up being.
  The stuff officially open was the Nickelodeon theme park.
  And big snow, the indoor ski.
  But wait, the NHL, the NHL regulation  sized hockey rink did not open.
  No, the rink open.
  It's like a plan on the rink.
  So that was full.
 That was in that phase three.
  I I have lost track of the phases have shifted so many times.
  Honestly, it seems exactly the same way that the California government  is going about reopening businesses out here with the switching around  in phases confused.
 Yeah.
  Jumping around in the order.
  Yeah, actually, I saw some literature not calling these phases,  but rather calling them chapters.
  What are opening this in chapters?  So just to just to iterate,  this is a multibillion dollar scheme  that out of the gate isn't working great, that's devoted to opening things  in small chapters and that also is related to DreamWorks.
  It's on the back of DreamWorks characters.
  It's all a tad quibbysque, wouldn't you say?  Is that a is that a boo?  I think, yeah, I was booing.
  I think he booed there.
  Why does he have a show on Quibi or something?  Yeah, he loves Quibi.
  Yeah, he loves it.
 He loves it.
  They gave a show to the American Dream Ball Keeper.
  Yeah, that's right.
  He they heard him on the show.
  He was in he was mixed in there with a lot of other famous keepers.
  So they felt like he had a high Q rating.
  OK, well, it was from exposure.
  They didn't give us they didn't give us a show, but they gave a show to this one  ghost deep two hours into a podcast.
  Yeah, yeah, he he's got a producer credit on the most dangerous game.
  Well, congrats on the Emmy  nominations.
  It's been a been a big week for the American Dream Keeper.
  This is really small potatoes.
  I can see why he's he's checking his phone.
  He's like getting congrats on the Emmy stuff.
  So that's why he's not.
  Hey, Len, call me.
  He just said, hey, Len, call me.
  He's like doing deals with Len.
  I think he's talking about Len Testa from touring plans  and the Disney dish.
  Wow.
 He's just big.
  Yeah, I see he's on his phone.
  He's just like he's yeah, he's wheeling and dealing right now.
  Well, why we give him one shit like what else?  What other function would there be for this guy?  And he uses his time with us to be on his phone to try to do  business deals with people using our platform to listen.
  Listen, Mr.
  Keeper, happy to have you, but you're being a little disrespectful.
  Hey, boys, shut the fuck up.
  He's so mean to us.
  He's so much meaner than the sector keeper who got a little ornery  with all with all the vape.
  But this guy's like 20 times worse.
  Yeah, sector keeper was like polite.
  He would be like, oh, I think maybe we should move on or whatever.
  But he's yeah, this American Dream Keeper right to the point.
  God, well, he's probably just he feels burnt by how long it's taken  his mall namesake to open and then only to culminate in this disaster.
  Should we go backwards in time and talk about the seeds of this crazy thing?  Yeah, I think so.
 Mm hmm.
  As Jason, as you said,  this was not always called the American Dream.
  You know, I think there were maybe proposals for doing something like this  in the New Jersey area as far back as 96.
  But I think it didn't really kick into gear until the early 2000s  when it was supposed to be called Xanadu.
  And you might know Xanadu as the ancient city of regal splendor  or the ELO song with Olivia Newton, John,  or the giant castle where Charles Foster Kane died alone.
  If you want to, you really want to associate  your incredibly ambitious real estate project  with a film that is popular because it bombed.
  Like that's the if I and I love Xanadu is one of my favorite movies.
  But like the point is that it's a big disaster.
  They like they might as well have called this mall the Ishtar  or the or the or the Gilly.
  That which I was synonymous with failure.
  Yeah.
 Isn't that is is is that a New Jersey or am I just conflating it with Jersey?  That's Jersey girl.
 Jersey girl.
  Well, when you're thinking of J.
  Lowe and Affleck, that's those are the two.
  Those are the two J.
  Lowe Affleck films.
 Right.
  That's they never completed the trilogy of that.
  There should have been a third.
  That's something they should get around to.
  You should do a zoom reunion film.
  I mean, Kevin Smith's eventually going to start doing sequels of the  the ones didn't work.
  I mean, he's so like you would think scraping Jersey girl, too, needs to happen.
  I think, yeah, sure.
  It's time.
 Oh, sorry, Ben Affleck couldn't make it again.
  Now it's going to be Jason Muse.
  Yeah.
 Playing the key happened to be available.
  Playing the character that we for sure know the name of  that we definitely know.
  And I assume you're pulling your phone out for an unrelated.
  Yeah, yeah, no, I'm setting an alarm for later.
  Setting an alarm for the morning.
  But yeah, we're all, of course, talking about, OK, my phone, not Ali Trink.
  That's his character.
  Ben Affleck is Ali Trink.
  Is that a reference to Oliver?  Oliver, is it Oliver Queen, the green arrow?  I just because of the Oliver part.
  I just guess I think was writing around that.
  He was writing green arrow on that time, so it's possible.
  Yeah.
 Ali Trink is a tribute to Oliver Queen.
  I guess I mean, I guess it's possible.
  It's only half of it is the same, but not still not the same.
  But I wouldn't bet everything I own on that.
  OK.
 Anyway, the part of the reason this was called Xanadu is because there had been a  mega mall in Madrid called Madrid Xanadu.
  And an aspect of that was a huge indoor  ice not rink.
  What's the word? A list?  Hill, an indoor hill.
  Ski slope.
 Ski slope.
  There.
 Sorry.
 Thanks.
  That they had something called the Madrid Snow Zone.
  So the idea of building a big place in an urban area  with a huge slope that was indoor that you could go to all year round.
  If it worked in Madrid, surely it will work in New Jersey.
  See why not the same climates.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So and this whole project sort of came out,  I think the initial people who started it was the Mills Corporation.
  And when I heard this, I went, oh, of course, I could I could smell Mills stink  from this from a mile away.
  If you don't know Mills, this isn't general Mills.
  This is you.
 You might in your area have a Mills Mall in California.
  There's the Ontario Mills, which is home to the last remaining  Rainforest Cafe in California and Florida.
  I believe there's the Sawgrass Mills, Potomac Mills.
  There's a whole bunch of them.
  And the thing uniting all of them is that they suck shit.
  This is I'm a mall aficionado.
  I love malls.
 The Mills are  hellscapes.
 Like if I don't know if I did wrong in this life,  I think I would spend all eternity just doing an endless loop in a Mills Mall.
  And it's always something Mills.
  Is that how you know?  Not every Mills says Mills, but if it says Mills,  then it used to be a Mills.
  Now Mills is defunct.
 Mills was bought by Simon.
 Right.
  Because we because we had a place called Gurney Mills that we would go to.
  Mm hmm.
 And it is, of course, now a Simon Center, according to Wikipedia.
  It has become a Simon Center.
  So no Mills is a Mills anymore.
  So no Mills is a Mills anymore.
  And Franklin Mills in Pennsylvania outside of Philadelphia,  formerly owned by the Mills Corporation and now, of course,  owned by Simon Property Group.
  OK, OK.
  Mike, was it the same deal with you was Gurney Mills like a because the  the Mills that I know about are just these like aesthetic free  nightmares where you go, you just walk in this big loop  that never ends and it'll say like Group Five and Group Two.
  And it tells you what the stores are, but those aren't themed in any way.
  It's not like here's the entertainment district.
  It's just like, I don't know, Group Two has DSW.
  Group Five has Marshalls.
 Figure it out.
  It kind of felt my memory.
  Now, this is another one where I'm going to get a phone call from my mom  as soon as I say this, because she's going to dispute this  and say Gurney Mills was wonderful.
  We had a great time going there.
  But my memory of it was it was more like an it felt like an outlet mall  in the sense that you were kind of confused.
  And then you didn't like there wasn't like these big, cool things.
  Like Woodfowl, Woodfield Mall used to be or how some of these other  better malls used to be.
  Yes, that's my memory.
  No, no distinct architecture.
  It's like you're in a like a narrow airplane hangar.
  Yeah, it's like I mean, the Citadel out here is the outlet mall that's outdoors.
  And I'm so confused at the Citadel and I've been there a handful of times.
  But it's always like you're just looking at a map five times  and you don't remember where you were.
  And it's outdoors.
  You should know in relation to the parking lot where you are.
  But it's like it's confusing.
  It's it's meant it's like a it's a casino.
  It's the casino type vibe where it's like meant to confuse you.
  You're meant to be stuck in there all day.
  Just kind of the equivalent of doing a yard sale or you just kind of like  dump a bunch of shit on your lawn and say, I know you look around, figure out.
  Yeah, they really like cheat, like cheat the difference between outlet  mall and regular mall.
  But it doesn't kind of it didn't have the like relaxing  inoffensiveness of most standard, like local malls.
  Yeah, yeah, that's that's pretty accurate.
  So the fact that this is this huge,  unpleasant, like just massive sprawling complex  and that that color scheme feels very milsy because again,  I'm a big I'm such a big mall fan and I like  the aesthetics of malls are often why I like them so much.
  I was just relooking at photos from our trip to the Woodfield Mall,  which has, you know, changed modernized, gotten a little more bland,  but still like crazy ceilings and crazy multi-tiered.
  You know, this bridge goes into this staircase and it looks very futuristic.
  The outside of when it was Xanadu, when Chris Christie called it  the ugliest damn building in New Jersey.
  I mean, the detail I don't have a picture in front of me,  but the details I wrote down is it's a lot of this is a big stretch  with brown and orange stripes.
  And then green and blue checkerboard like like it's  it's it's like you just took seven unrelated buildings  and just smash them together and all their color schemes are different.
  And that ski slope one, which, you know, is sloped, it looks broken.
  It looks like Godzilla picked up a building and then threw it down  and it landed wrong.
  Yeah, it's just I can see why Christie hated it.
  So great choice of words, Scott, because that building back in February of 2011,  there was record snowfalls in the area.
  And at some point,  oh, workers were attempting to melt snow off the ski slopes roof.
  And ice buildup caused the eastern wall to fall and suffer a partial collapse  along an approximately 150 foot length of roof.
  Oh, my God.
  It collapsed because of the fake ski slope  collapse due to real snow on the top.
  Yes, that's right.
  And they said, you know what?  We don't think it's going to affect the integrity of the building.
  So they just filed an insurance claim to get somebody to cover the damage.
  So so it was never like super reinforced.
  They never started over.
  Like what what people were skiing on earlier this year is the same structure.
  Yeah, it seems like it sure seems like it.
  So if enough people were at the top waiting, it might just all like tip  down and down.
  It might be sloped the other way by the end of the hour.
  Huh? That is what there's got to be a crazier thing  you could put in there than a artificial ski slope, right?  Or is that the height of what's possible at this point?  Definitely very odd.
  It's the most this whole mall is like the most Dubai ish.
  Yes, that's absolutely what it feels like a Dubai feature.
  Yeah, it would be stranger if that was like,  you know, if you made it like a big mud run, like, you know,  if it was all recreating tough mudder, there was a tough mudder in there.
  That's tough mudder.
  Tough Mudder is like one of the companies that does those like mud like challenges  where you have to get like in the mud, you have to crawl through like electricity.
  You have to dive in water.
  You have to scale a tall wall.
  I don't know.
 They used to be much cooler a couple of years  or much more, I think, like popular a couple of years ago.
  Oh, I don't know.
 Tough Mudder.
  I guess, yeah, if there was a perennial year round tough mudder.
  God, that would have to get me to say.
  I think Dubai, though, is a very good comparison  because there's this great George Saunders essay.
  George Saunders, the author, MacArthur Genius Grant recipient,  he wrote a very poetic essay about like like trying to going to Dubai  and trying to understand it and like the poetry of the ski.
  They have an indoor ski slope and is just surrounded by kids  who had never seen snow.
  They live in the in the desert and they're just amazed by it.
  In Bergen County gets plenty of snow.
  I don't know that anyone's amazed by this.
  Even you're absolutely right.
  And there was a news report that I watched  about the ski slope that, you know, they like they roped Lindsey Vonn  into doing a run and, you know, all right, I'll cash that check.
  And, you know, they they had a bunch of skiers there who gave it a shot  and they all finished and went like, this guy was short, short,  pretty short run.
 But, you know, it's a good place to like tune up,  you know, before you go to the real mountain.
  That's that's the biggest praise anyone could say on television.
  Is there I mean, would there be a chance that we could save them all  by maybe moving just the winter Olympics to the mall and have everybody in a bubble  like in the NBA in Orlando?  So you'd have all the Olympic skiers living at this mall,  and then they would just do the Olympics on that ski slope.
  Maybe that's a solution, I'm saying, for money for the mall.
  I guess you could say for the NHL as well.
  It could be residential, too, because there's plenty.
  You know, they got plenty of space that isn't used.
  So, you know, every athlete gets to pick, you know, do you want to stay in a  Zara? Do you want to stay in a, you know, Claire's?  Like, it's up to you.
  There's so you get an entire store to yourself.
  The higher seated skiers will get to be in the higher level stores,  the more expensive stores.
  You get a  blooming dales if you're if you've won a gold medal before.
  Right.
 That makes a lot of sense.
  Yeah.
 Before moving on from the way it looks, there is that Chris Christie quote,  but another government official weighed in because  this is a at some point, the Toronto based architect  behind the original style of the building was summoned to appear  before state officials and, quote, explain himself.
  In which case, at this event, state senator Loretta Weinberg said,  that's one of the ugliest buildings I've ever seen in my life.
  It looks like something my four year old granddaughter might build with Legos.
  Wow.
 Oh, yeah.
  The second he thinks that's yucky.
 Yeah.
  He said, yuck.
 All right.
 Well, we're on.
  Hey, we're on the same page.
  We've had our disagreements so far, but I think as long as we talk about things  you don't like, you know, we'll get plenty out of you.
  Hey, boys, shut the fuck up there.
  And I was being nice to you.
  Yeah, you were being nice and he did.
  He just shut it right down.
  That's the sort of used in a non Nick Mundy episode I've ever felt.
  Yeah, that's the sort of frank analysis  you can only really get from a true Hollywood power player.
  That's true.
 You know, doesn't pull punches.
  An old school type producer type, really.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, for sure.
  Always willing to call me.
  Oh, he's still trying to get Len tested to call him back.
  Although why, Len?  I don't know.
 That's what he says.
  He's saying it.
 I don't have anything to do with it.
  Yeah, strange.
  So anyways, the Mills Corporation  builds a building that's as ugly as all the Mills buildings.
  There was a lot of back and forth of will we be able to do this?  You know, they did build this on.
  Is it is it wetlands?  What kind of a marsh?  A marsh.
  That was the original.
  OK, the original site was going to be wetlands.
  And then the EPA got involved in the Army Corps of Engineers.
  And I think they just said, fuck it and made it protected like nature preserve.
  And then they moved it like just slightly.
  Move that was out.
  And that was OK.
  So all right.
  So they fended off the EPA and all these.
  And by the way, they've never had a good relationship with the  New Jersey Sports Board, whatever the actual name of it is.
  But, you know, the giants and the jets have never been super psyched  on this operation due to the traffic that it would bring.
  So they've been fighting it.
  But eventually they they punched their way through and got it going.
  And they heralded their  perma fixture status in New Jersey.
  They they they had they held an event in 2004,  a groundbreaking event at which they also claimed  this is the beginning of a 75 year lease for Xanadu.
  We'll be here for at least 75 years.
  And this is in 2004, meaning that the first 16 years  of the 75 have been been vacant  and many more probably will be as well.
  Wow.
 This event  was a this was a one night party for which there were 400 attendees  and and the cost of this one single party, one million dollars.
  Wow.
  Which I see low, honestly low, by the way.
  Yeah, yeah, that's true.
  What if you had 10 million dollars, it would have kind of been  the same reaction like that's too much.
  But oh, well, I guess they have that money.
  Any amount would be in line with the waste of this thing.
  And if I if I could sort of like,  you know, beginning of Disney specials,  say some of the things that you would experience if you went to this party.
  It's a 75 year groundbreaking of Xanadu with your hosts,  Christie Brinkley, Chris Harrison from The Bachelor,  celebrity chef Todd English,  array of fancy filet mignon and cigars,  a fashion show from Elle magazine, a performance by the cast of Stomp  and an appearance from a governor who is in the process  of of resigning in disgrace.
  Which one?  This is McGreevy.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 OK.
  McGreevy was in a sex scandal,  which you would have to describe as being  pulling a spacey in that he did some harassing  and then said, well, here's the thing, I'm gay.
  So you forgive me, right?  No, no one forgave him.
  That's not an excuse.
  And he said he said I will step down in several months between those several months.
  He hosted a fun event with Chris Harrison and Todd English.
  Like, why was he there?  Wow.
 Get out of there.
  That's a par for the course for New Jersey politicians.
  This project goes from McGreevy scandal to Bridgegate to Covid.
  It's how long you can measure it in financial crisis.
  Don't forget.
 Well, we certainly won't.
  That definitely comes into play.
  Can I just say also that I went in looking up,  I was not aware of this Jim McGreevy story before, but yeah,  he resigned in this shady way.
  But don't worry, he's doing better now.
  And there's actually a documentary about his redemption  and all the good work that he's done since all of this.
  And that documentary is directed by Nancy Pelosi's daughter.
  What?  She's the one.
  She's the one who warned about our faves, that our faves might be implicated.
  She's the wait.
 She's who said faves.
  I believe so.
 I believe that was Nancy Pelosi's daughter.
  Hey, wait, Alexandra or Alessandra.
  You announce the director again real quick.
  What? Like as if you were just announcing it again, who it's directed by.
  Oh, this is a this is a film about harassing  Governor's redemption directed by Nancy Pelosi's daughter.
  Wow.
 An air horn.
  I guess, yeah, the keeper has an air horn he wanted to use.
  He was he was like whispering into me to get you to do that again.
  That was his reaction to this.
  Is he does he like Nancy Pelosi or?  Yeah, he likes.
 Yeah, yeah.
  He's a big he's a big contributor to the Democratic Party.
  Oh, big, big Pelosi fan.
  Loves her costumes.
  Yeah, I think that's I think, you know, from now, maybe from now on,  that's when he's saying sort of like an affirmative thing, like a yes.
  OK, OK.
 So sector keeper here.
  Well, let's let's test it.
  American Dream Keeper.
  If you do, you want to continue using your air horn  instead of saying the verbal word yes.
  Perfect.
 There you go.
  Very Long Island.
 The cool.
  This is fun.
 I'm coming around on this guy.
  We're we're we're finding out how it works.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 So after this  million dollar party,  they built some of the mall and then ran out of money in 2006.
  Then a second developer took it over.
  And in 2008 came the Great Recession.
  So that they pretty quickly timed out two years seems to be  that's as far as anybody made it for a little while.
  And in that time, it was like, well, who then will take over Xanadu?  This is fertile ground.
  Somebody has to and a lot of organizations looked at it, considered it.
  This is New York in the 2000s.
  So, you know, who's got to get involved or at least consider getting involved?  Our old pal Donald Trump.
  Oh, Trump Organization.
  The Trump Organization takes a look at Xanadu.
  What do they got? How much have they built?  Let's crunch the numbers.
 You know what?  This doesn't sound good.
 I think we're going to walk away.
  Trump didn't.
 This is a thing.
  This is a disaster that Trump did not get himself embroiled in.
  Amazing.
 Trump, a guy who's never not like to spawn right into a disaster.
  If there's one near him, he's magnetically right.
  It's like he gravitates right to it.
  He loves something that's going to just go horribly wrong.
  And then so Xanadu was too wrong for him.
  Yes.
 Like, can I take like a little match sized fire  and get a mile long blazing inferno?  Yeah, not not for him.
  So then they didn't know what to do for a long time.
  And I think it sat vacant and Chris Christie was mad.
  And you know what? This has been marring our skyline for so long.
  And we don't we got we got to do something about this.
  Then he his administration crunched numbers  and saw that it would cost them the city 50 to 100 million dollars to demolish it.
  So they said, well, let's get somebody else in there then, shall we?  Suddenly getting rid of it didn't seem so bad.
  I could live with the ugly building.
 Sounds good to me.
  So that is when they threw it out to some other people.
  And then it was awarded to this company, Triple Five.
  This is around 20.
  No, no, no.
 They I don't know what year they came on board, but  I mean, 2011, 2011.
  And as I said, West Edmonton Mall, their first hit,  they topped it even with the Mall of America.
  They are the kings of entertainment fused with retail.
  So it's a big deal.
 They're there.
  If anybody can save this, it's them.
  And did you guys find how they announced their arrival onto this project?  No.
 So this is a this is a family, I should say, also Triple Five.
  But it's it's it's I think five members of a family  who've been involved in it at various times.
  And if you know the pronunciation, tell me.
 But Girmesian.
  It's a Girmesian family.
  Your Girmesian family.
  And this is straight from an article made from Bloomberg or something.
  The Girmesians announced their arrival in 2011  with a rousing news conference soundtracked by Bruce Springsteen's The Rising.
  Come on up for the rise.
  Ladies and gentlemen, the Girmesian family.
  Come on up for the rise in the night.
  So what did 10 years earlier been a stirring post 9-11 anthem?  Now is the soundtrack for five businessmen walking out of a trailer.
  I at least Bruce wasn't doing playing live.
  That's not that I saw.
  No, they didn't loop him into this.
  It's going to be a great mall.
  I just want to bless this mall with my music.
  We open up that ski slope.
  Let me tell you, I'm I'm tearing off my shirt.
  I'm going down, going straight down  a lot of hard on Brad on Bruce's belly.
  A lot of hardworking teens are going to be pressing the go button  on the TMNT roller coaster, the Shellraiser.
  I just want to shout out to those hardworking teens.
  Look, it's so easy to get here from Manhattan.
  It's just a straight shot through the Lincoln Tunnel.
  Then you go through Weehawken, then through Secaucus and you're there.
  They should have at least gone like Weinberg, Max Weinberg to show up  or Nils Jalkren to just play drums.
  Yeah.
  Play along to a track.
  He could use the construction gear like he flips over the helmets  and the buckets.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  That's fun.
 That is fun.
  Ladies and gentlemen, the Bruce Springsteen won.
  You know, he would he would have done it, too, if they asked him  a couple hundred bucks.
 Max will do it.
  Well, if they called the mall the Max Weinberg Mall from now on.
  Oh, yeah.
 Well, I put my name in the marquee, then sure.
  So armed with the state's promise of financial assistance.
  Here you go, Garmezians.
  Take money, please.
  They redesigned and expanded the complex, renaming it American Dream Meadowlands.
  Now, here's a weird thing.
  So as I said, West Edmonton Mall, Mall of America,  they were always looking for a place to do their third.
  We have to close out the trilogy, right?  And they tried to do it all over the country, all over the world.
  They were way into it in Niagara Falls.
  Even Burbank was talked about, and I couldn't find any more info.
  But so there was almost a world where there was a mega mall in this style  called in downtown Burbank.
  Where could that? Yeah, would have been right, like in the area by the three AMCs.
  I you would have to think.
  And and I wonder if that because, you know, Disney almost built there.
  That thing that I love so much, they almost built a mini MGM studios  where the perfect.
  Right.
 And there's been talk of doing a full like Americana  thing where the Ikea is.
  I know.
 Oh, is that the discussion?  I think that might be gone, though.
  That was a few years ago.
  And now, of course, that Ikea is being used or was being used to shoot.
  Flores lava, lava.
  Wait, really? Yeah, that's where they should have filmed.
  Yep.
 That's where the lava is.
  The lava is over in the abandoned, not abandoned, but shut down.
  Burbank, Ikea.
  They the contestants that they at the end, they just go out to double doors.
  And I'm trying to figure out which entrance is.
  If you could see the California Pizza Kitchen, you'll know.
  Yeah.
 Which entrance?  Oh, no, that's the corner bakery.
  That's the entrance on the other side.
 OK.
 Yeah.
  This is a big sign.
  This is other double doors by the Macy's.
  I don't know.
 I'd have to I'd have to check.
  Keeper, what do you think?  Which which entrance north, southeast or west?  Shut the fuck up.
  OK.
 Yeah.
 It's a little inside Burbank.
  Yeah.
 I was playing with fire there.
  I should have known what I was going to get.
  Anyway, the weird thing about all this is that the Gremesians,  they in 1995 got some one of the closest that they'd gotten to  to building their next mega mall in Silver Spring, Maryland,  and they're in the Baltimore area.
  And that was going to be called the American dream.
  They have been sitting on this name.
  We someday we will build our ultimate grand masterpiece.
  Really, it's there.
  It's like they're Synecdoche, New York.
  That's like a big indoor New York area.
  You know, now  that ended it all ended very sadly.
  This really is a lot of illusions with Synecdoche, New York.
  But anyway, yeah, in 1995, they tried to build the American dream.
  They've been pursuing the American dream since 1995.
  And the whole story there is that they expected a lot of it  to be built with public money.
  They thought, well, Maryland should be begging us.
  They should be throwing money at us.
  And and at some point they, you know, when it didn't go that way  and they realized they needed to pay for it all, they just got out of there  and left.
 So this American dream thing so long in the making.
  Yeah, that's interesting.
  I mean, I guess that's just like a creative pursuit.
  I'm trying to think of something.
  It's like a Chinese democracy or something.
  It's like a title that Axl Rose had in his head for years.
  I mean, they finally released it, but it took decades for Chinese  democracy to come out.
  The album Guns N' Roses made.
  I don't want to loop back around to what we've already covered,  but sort of like a clerks three, you know, when you know that the third one  will be the best by far.
  Yeah, it's going to be the most.
  Yeah, you're excited about clerks three.
  Do you think that curse three stands to be the best of the clerks?  Shouldn't should have known.
 Yeah.
  Do you hope that the gang's still working at the at the  save and stop or whatever the fuck it is?  Quick stop.
  Do you hope that they're just, you know, back there like always, you know,  and they don't grow up and either do we?  Right.
 Very good.
 Very good.
 Very good.
  So do you?  Hey, wait, hold on one more question.
  Do you hope they're not even supposed to be there that day?  Wait, I mean, the keeper didn't.
  His he played the horn wrong.
 Sorry.
  There we go.
 OK, that's right.
  I watched him.
 He was like tapping on the battery.
  I think he was having some some trouble, but everything's OK now.
  The American dream does seem tailor made to be this location for mall rats, too.
  Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
  It's big enough.
  I think you could film multiple mall films in different wings.
  Simultaneously.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 You could film all rats two and three simultaneously in the mall  and you never run into the crews.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Is there a good you could I mean, that indoor ski slope is begging for  you could make that also a movie bubble  and do kind of a 80s sex romp ski school sort of film  that's completely protected, you know, about teens.
  Having the wildest summer of their lives at an working at the indoor ski slope.
  Yeah, no, I think that sounds good.
  I think.
 Yeah.
  He thinks it sounds good as well.
 Yeah.
  Um, do you have any ideas of anybody we could sort of wheel and deal with  who might want to put their money into this and produce this film?  Oh, this.
 Wait, hold on.
 He's got.
  Please welcome the co-founder of Casa Migos Tequila, Randy Gerber, Randy.
  Now, wait, wait a minute, keeper.
  You just opened your mouth and then spoke with a different voice.
  There was a man that was partially applause and then partially  a guy talking about Randy Gerber, my least favorite thing  we talk about on this show.
  Are you? Yeah, you've confirmed.
  All right.
 That's what you did.
  He's like magic, though.
  He's like a spirit so he can do that.
 He can change his voice.
  But you asked the question.
  Yeah, he can inhabit different.
  Can he do topical comedy?  He can.
  Would you like to give us an example of some topical comedy?  Or would you prefer that we moved on?  Please welcome the co-founder of Casa Migos Tequila, Randy Gerber, Randy.
  Shut the fuck up.
  That is topical, though, because Casa Migos is on the lips  of every American at the moment because they're just drinking a little more  during this depressing time.
  Drinking that? Why?  Yeah, because it's one of the best.
  It's the best tequila on the market next to Terra Mana, the Rocks Tequila,  which I also now have a fascination with.
  What's up with Terra?  Oh, it's the Rock.
  The Rock has now his own tequila.
  So I'm not saying I'm jumping ship from Casa Migos.
  I'm still Casa Migos for life.
  I'm just saying I'm a little bit intrigued.
  But if the Rocks Tequila was good enough,  you might not talk about Casa Migos anymore.
  Fingers crossed.
  Let me think.
  Huh? Let me think.
  Hey, boys, shut the fuck up.
  Oh, yeah.
 You know what?  I don't even want to think about he's right.
  Let's think about the Rock.
  I don't want to think about not talking about Randy Gerber anymore.
  Got enough irons in the fire.
  Yeah, that's fine to me.
  Anyway, the Gramezians pursuit of the American dream that it  continued for them being from Canada.
  I think maybe the family goes back to Iran and they started, you know,  that they did their first mall in Canada and now arrived here  with the making the Mall of America.
  Now the American dream.
  It's for this whole thing being the American dream.
  And it slowly unraveling over the course of the early 2000s.
  It's like it's beautiful in a way, really.
  You know, it's the only way it could be.
  If there was a mall  that called America's bloated corpse  and that and that's the name of the mall and it and it caught on fire  and it burned up, that's the only way there could be something  like more on the nose than this this whole story.
  Yeah, it's  it does feel like like there's a book,  like there will be a book written about in the mall as a metaphor for the country.
  And it's like, well, you know, this is too on the nose, isn't it?  Is this kind of maybe don't call it the American dream?  Yeah, it's like doesn't even sound like what malls are called.
  It doesn't make sense.
  Is America? Yeah.
  American dream is going on a roller coaster and then buying a purse.
  I mean, I guess I guess it is.
  But this point, I'd love to do both of those things.
  Yeah, I'd be I don't need a purse.
  I'd be so happy that a mall opened.
 I'd buy one.
 Sure.
  I want to go out now.
  I do want to go outside, but I don't necessarily want to go back inside  to a huge.
 Yeah.
  But part of the thing with this is that I sent so many interviews with,  I believe, Don Girmesian, the most vocal Girmesian, maybe the CEO.
  And he said how well, it's designed  with all of the major entertainment zones very spread out.
  Here's the water park.
 Here's the amusement park.
 Here's the ski slope.
  So on the way, you have to pass through all of the shops.
  There's no way around it.
  So it'll encourage shopping in all of these areas.
  But all of they had opened thus far was the amusement park.
  So they just sent people through shuttered stores.
  They didn't even have a sign.
  And you can see you watch like families shot by the news  just walking past like white plywood after white plywood.
  That is I would think like,  I don't I guess if the rides were good enough, you would ignore  like empty storefronts and not find that stranger depressing.
  And they seem they seem it, right?  They seem good.
  Uh, well, well, maybe  the shell razor I'm talking about is like a roller coaster.
  It looks like in the middle of like some empty factory,  they built a roller coaster that is lightly themed to the Ninja Turtles.
  I'm sure it's viscerally.
  I'm sure it's fun, you know, to get to get whipped around a little bit.
  I if you like coasters, it's I'm sure it's a good coaster.
  Yeah.
 So there's it's not nothing.
  No, it's supposedly this one of the steepest and if not the steepest in America.
  Something like that.
  It's one of those ones that kind of you go a little  behind rather than going straight down, you like buck a little.
  It's a go down a little more to Eurofighter.
  They call it Eurofighter.
  Instead of you, you go straight up.
  If I guess if you call it 90 degrees and then you drop at 121 degrees.
  Yes, it is a little like lip.
  And the and the thing is that it raises you up  into a little like cubby up at the top of the mall  where you sit for a second and it serves as kind of a a temporary brief  observatory deck where supposedly on a clear day, you could see the Statue of Liberty.
  You like get a New York view from the top of this thing while you creepily hang  in a little like greenhouse sitting in a coaster car.
  Yeah.
 Now, here's this is a small gripe.
  But if the Shellraiser is the name of what the turtle that the newer cartoon,  the turtles cartoon, what they called the party wagon or the turtle van,  which was, of course, a vehicle.
  Everyone knows that.
  But if it's going high, why is this not a turtle blimp attraction?  Why are you not they can't buy that off the shelf?  Yeah.
 OK, that's fair.
  But why can't you just like call it like the turtle blimp or turtle plane or something?  I don't know.
 I'm just saying if you go high, you're going to see the Statue of Liberty.
  The car isn't flying up there.
  Maybe somebody's going to tell me that the car flies and I don't know what I'm talking about.
  So anyway, that's just my flies now.
  It flies now.
  Yeah, it flies.
  I really wish I'm I wish I had a soundboard that had that.
  That's why now I don't have a soundboard moment.
  But if I did have a soundboard, I wish it's right.
  You would want that in there.
 Yeah.
  It is really if you watch a ride through of it, it seems like,  you know, you're zipping and zooming around and then you get to the main climb  where you go all the way on your back and you you have to wait a while for.
  Oh, yeah.
 To get you.
  You just sit.
  It's like a coaster with a long pause.
  Would you do it, Scott? No, definitely not.
  This is it's a little similar to hang time.
  Hang time.
 Yeah.
  Did it not? So yeah, the straight on your back.
  That wouldn't do.
  Do you think, though, once we get out of quarantine, whenever it is,  do you think that as soon as you're back in a park, you're going to like  there'll be maybe an extra energy that you would like do at a crazier thing right away?  Just because like, oh, my God, been inside so long.
  It's time to do hang time at knots.
  Um, or does that just mean you'll have a second glass of wine and leave?  Oh, yeah.
 Hell, yeah.
 That's it.
  There you go.
  I wasn't sure how to answer and then you gave it to me.
  OK, got it.
 Got it.
  I at least pushed my boundaries at Disneyland, where now I am willing  to do everything at Disney, although I wouldn't.
  I'm still not like going to constantly do Guardians, but I think now I'd happily do it.
  I'd very gladly do it.
 Yeah.
  Well, Disneyland doesn't have the scenic  exposed industrial ceilings  that all the entertainment offerings seem to have at the American dream.
  Boys, which exposed industrial ceiling is your favorite?  OK.
 Oh, that's actually a good relevant question.
  I mean, I guess the towards the shell  razor is preferable than the one over by the ropes course.
  But I'd I'd have to, you know, consult with my co-hosts.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I look because the shell razor is there and it's IP that I love.
  I think that unfortunately influences me on my appreciation of the exposed ceiling.
  So I'm not totally unbiased when I say that that is my favorite of the ceilings.
  I think mine would probably be in the ski slope and big snow  because the expectation, the concept art they posted was like blue skies  and like glowing, glowing wavy lines.
  And what you got was actually exposed industrial beams.
  Yeah, you were you you sent us, yeah, like cozy indoor ski  lodge backgrounds that you reach upon your landing.
  And then instead it's just it's like a warehouse.
  It's like a diagonal warehouse.
  It's pure white.
  So you so you prefer the ski pure white.
  And we are kind of more into the shell razor shell razor neck of the woods.
  Does that answer suffice?  Well, actually, what's the do you have an answer?  American Dream Keeper, do you have a do you have?  I mean, it's your mall you represent.
  Do you do you have a favorite?  Let me see.
 He does, I think.
  I think it's a lag on him.
 He's like scratching his head.
  Oh, OK.
 It's tough.
  It's tough for him to.
  Would you like to welcome the co-founder of Tosamigos Tequila,  Randy Gerber and a you got to you got to cut that out.
  You know what you're doing with this, you know?  He does.
 He's having a good time.
  He's having fun.
  No, he's he's he knows he knew that the way under my skin was to  inhabit not Randy Gerber, but a man introducing Randy Gerber.
  Yeah, that's the most.
  Yeah, that'll dig dig a little knife in your back.
  Ladies and gentlemen, the founder of Tosamigos Tequila,  Tosamigos Tequila, Randy Gerber, come on up for the ride.
  Oh, I like that.
 Yeah.
  You know, one one thing I wanted to mention about the Nickelodeon universe  is they they like squeeze a lot of properties in there.
  And some of it's kind of like evergreen, like SpongeBob or the Ninja Turtles.
  But like the ropes course  was the end of Legends of the Hidden Temple.
  And like there's Rugrats rides  and like Fairly Invader Zim,  which I think I was in high school when Invader Zim was on.
  I think Rugrats is coming back.
  And I wasn't there a Quibi Legends of the Hidden Temple adult show.
  I remember that like for adults to do the course.
  That's what I read.
  And either did it air or will it never be released?  It's possible we could watch all of it right now.
  It's possible they filmed it in the Ikea in Burbank.
  We didn't know possible.
  It was nominated for seven Emmys today.
  Very possible.
 Yes.
  Um, I don't know.
  I mean, I do like the idea.
  How much how great would it be if there was a Nickelodeon theme park  that like properly paid tribute to everything that they have currently?  Oh, my God.
  Their history.
  And that would be nice.
  But this is sort of like a bunch of  spinner rides and stuff that looks like Blue's Clues.
  That's about as far as it goes.
  Which I guess I should lower my expectations for a mall.
  But if this is going to get 40 million people,  you know, it should be a little more than that.
  There should be some like dark ride, at least a simulator of some kind.
  Right.
 There's no simulator even.
  I know they don't even play that SpongeBob movie that's everywhere.
  Right.
 Yeah, that would be good.
  Yeah, it's yeah, it's there's got to be something.
  You got to give us a little bit.
  Our steaming nerds, you got to give us a little something.
  It can't just be it can't just be off the rack.
 Right.
  Well, they use the Viacom properties.
  And so I think what they could do is have a  a simulator that simulates what it's like to watch MTV for 24 hours,  which is ridiculousness for 23 hours in a row.
  That is yes.
  I assume that is what like that's not far from what the actual truth is.
  No, it quite honestly.
  Yeah.
 Like anyone go look at a schedule of what MTV is playing today.
  And you will see no less than eight hours of ridiculousness.
  Like guaranteed.
  Hey, you got to stick with what works, I guess.
  Yeah, you do.
  And which is a giant laptop that's a giant 2011 laptop that's open.
  Boys, there's a sugar.
  Make sure to talk about the sugar.
  Oh, yeah.
 Happily.
 No, no, no.
  We were thanks for planning on it.
  Yeah.
 Boys, boys, don't forget about the sugar.
  OK, yeah.
  Yes, we said yes.
  And sugar.
  It's a shame you guys didn't get a chance to see the Oreo cafe  with the sugar called Oreo twisted.
  Well, the words were true.
  Would you give us some space to talk about?  We love to talk about.
 Yeah.
  OK, well, it's like we can't possibly make you happy.
  Yeah, I don't know.
 He's so pleasing.
  He's just in a bad mood, I think.
  Geez.
 Well, yeah, let's let's talk about the sugar, I suppose.
  I haven't they haven't it sugar, our favorite brand.
  They came up in the city walk saga.
  It's where all the edible underwear and all that shit is.
  Yeah.
 And candy necklace thong.
  You can get a candy thong there.
  That's right.
 Yeah.
 Get candy piss there.
  I think.
 Yeah.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  We ran into this at in the Margaritaville Resort,  Orlando area, Sunset Walk.
  Yeah.
 It's sugar is a perennial at all of the bizarre  collapsing in front of our eyes shopping centers.
  I was looking through Comic Con photos from last year.
  Of course, I went to the it's sugar that was in the gas lamp in San Diego.
  Yeah.
 There's one on in like Long Beach, I think on the pier.
  Sure.
 Piers.
  Here's a good place.
  There's a street promenade.
 It's sugar, I believe, as well.
  Chicago Pier, I think, like a miniature one, essentially.
  So, yeah.
 And this but this is no mere it's sugar  that this mall was supposed to have, hypothetically.
  This is the world's first candy department store.
  A full three stories of candy shopping.
  Wow.
 I mean, I love the hubris.
  This is hubris.
 I have to be.
  I enjoy.
 I love it.
 I can't.
  That's not enough stories for me, honestly.
  Five stories of candy, please.
  Could I read a quote from Jeff Rubin, founder and CEO of his sugar?  Go ahead.
 Yeah, please.
 Jeff.
  Creating a candy department store has been a long time dream of mine.
  I've been thinking about this concept for 25 years.
  And our it's sugar team is thrilled to partner  with American Dream to make it a reality.
  Three story candy department store.
  How long if it had opened, would it have lasted?  Three stories of candy.
  Well, six months.
  I mean, the Oreo Cafe Oreo Twisted alone  has great views of both the DreamWorks Waterpark  and the Nickelodeon Universe theme park.
  That sounds pretty cool.
  Could we say how twisted is spelled?  Yeah.
 Do you have it in front of you?  I have I don't have a soundboard in front of me  that's obscuring my view of my nose.
  Oh, sure.
 It's a capital T.
W.
I.
S.
T.
  Lowercase I, capital D.
  We just this week talked about the about O.
C.
  live with where a fucking one is an exclamation point.
  And there it's like every letter is both uppercase and lowercase.
  Guys, you got to stop experimenting with people don't mind  spelling Disneyland isn't spelled with a four.
  Everyone thinks they're like Prince or something with their naming  and putting a number where there should be a letter.
  We are deconstructing the way spelling works.
  Yeah.
 21st century spelling.
  They're they're deconstructionist in general.
  And in fact, even I copied a press release that said that  it's sugar is now one of the largest specialty candy  retail tainers in the world.
  Whoa, really?  They're one of the largest retail tainers on the planet.
  I don't know what competition they have.
  But when you think retail tainment.
  Retail tainment retail tainers,  retail tainers, because an entertainer is a tainer  who is in the field of and so a retail tainer.
  Oh, OK.
  Focuses on retail.
  So there's a variety of tainers.
  So we can all everyone can be a keeper, which we learn at the end of the downtown  and anyone can be a tainer as well.
  An entertainer, a retail tainer.
  Yeah, we're pod pod tainers or pod tainers.
  We're pod tainers.
  Pod tainers.
 Yes, that's true.
  When you worked at the container store, you were a container.
  I was a container.
 Absolutely.
  Wow.
 Maybe I maybe know they clunked it up.
  It was contained tainer.
  Container.
 Yeah.
  Wow.
 Everyone can be a tainer.
  I want everyone to remember that because I think we don't give enough advice  and like motivational words of motivation enough on the show.
  And you can all listen to my words.
  You can all be tainers.
  You can all be tainers.
  Reach for your.
  Right.
 It's like getting louder every time.
  He likes the tainers.
  He loves that tainer stuff.
 Yeah.
  There's been of course, this it sugar must have employed multiple bean  tainers with the three story replica of the Statue of Liberty covered  in more than one point five million jelly belly beans.
  One point five million jelly beans to make up the Statue of Liberty in there.
  Yeah.
 To cover it.
  And now that's a that's a monument you can get behind, Jason.
  Oh, sure.
 I mean, you stare at that statue of liberty,  then you go inside and wander through the Lali Lali Pop Garden.
  A lot of people these days are really upset about monuments being torn down,  but I don't think anyone would be upset if we got rid of the regular  Statue of Liberty and put up the jelly bean Statue of Liberty.
  I think everybody would be fine with that.
  Especially seagulls.
  Yeah.
 All right.
 Here.
  Here's the compromise.
  We take down all the Robert E.
  Lee statues, but we put up jelly bean Robert E.
  Lee statues.
  That's the compromise.
  It's still him.
 It's still him.
  But now it's jelly beans and the birds will eat him.
  You get to watch the seagulls and crows devour this traitor.
  You should a traitor tainer.
  In the 1800s, the country was entertained by his traitorism,  making him a traitor tainer.
  Jelly bean jelly bean confederate.
  It's terrible what they're doing.
  The birds, they're eating the they're eating the lees.
  They're eating the traitor tainers.
  These sloppy birds.
  They eat garbage, disgusting, and you're hearing it more and more.
  You're hearing people are saying you're hearing it more and more.
  They must have also employed a poet tainer  to write that because it also it's not just a statue.
  There's also they did the plaque and you enter under this  in the store and and the plaque says,  give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses  yearning for the sweet life.
  And I will give you it sugar.
  Hell, yes, brother.
  Wow.
 Yes.
  Uh, this time when there's a there are a lot of  pretty serious poor huddled masses.
  Um, I it's quite a time to put that up.
  So coal statue made a laffy taffy of neurofiddling while Rome burns.
  And the Rome burning is part of the s'mores bar.
  Oreo twisted would have been notable, too,  because that would have been the first time something was actually made inside  of its sugar, because it's all prepackaged elsewhere.
  Even the light bulk candy, I remember walking through it once and I'm like,  they left out the garbage bag filled of sour patch kids  they use to fill up the bulk.
  They're not going to be making house made sour patch kids.
  But like you could make some some truffles or something you would think.
  Maybe.
 Well, how do you know the stuff in the case?  Maybe that's made somewhere close by.
  I guess some of them have cases.
  Yeah.
 I know.
 Look, if you can open up a place  that would make house made sour patch kids, I'd be interested.
  A kid bar.
  Customize your kid.
 Yeah.
  And you can.
 And when you are like seeing a visualization  of what it'll look like, you call that an ultrasound.
  Maybe I mean, I don't know if there's a way to candy by that.
  A patch of sound.
  So I was an ultra sour, ultra sour  and ultra sour is pretty good.
  Great.
 Let's check the check the ultra sour.
  The doctor licks it.
  Tastes pretty sour.
  Good news.
 Your baby is delicious.
  Good news.
  That's good.
 That would be great.
  People would love that.
  And when choose the gender, choose the gender.
  Yeah, you go in with your spouse and make it equal parts.
  Both of us.
 Yeah.
  Look, beautiful.
  Someone needs to enlist us as far as ideas for one of these monstrosities.
  Yeah.
 Help us make your candy.
  Gattaca dreams come true.
  We're going to happen.
  Probably nobody that we faced in the downtown Disney ordeal, but somebody  somebody wants to make an even taller candy store.
  Please.
 We've got great ideas  that involves having to hire a performer that wears a lab coat  that pretends to check on your sour baby in a womb.
  A who who who?  I think he has a sour, gummy mustache.
  I think maybe big eyebrows to let's check your ultra sour.
  Is it Edwin? Is it an Edwin voice?  I think he talks in an Edwin voice.
  Yes.
 Oh, my.
  I was about to do it and I started joking.
  The baby's sour.
  Pretty good.
  Yeah, that would go over a huge.
  I'm Dr.
 Gumdrop.
  That's a lowercase D, uppercase R, lowercase O.
  Dr.
 Gumdrop, how's his gummy heartbeat looking?  It's a bit concerning, but stable.
  There's a slight murmur.
  There's a slight molasses murmur.
  Molasses coming into the left ventricle.
  You might have sour tension.
  The greatest thing about this, too, would be that like you'd get a really good  performer when the thing opened, when the press was there and the media was there,  everybody would be like, wow, this performance so great.
  And then it would be like a disinterested teen six months later  who had to deliver the same.
  Yes.
 The professor at the M&M store.
  I'm Dr.
 Gumdrop.
  There is a there's a bunch of fudge in your baby's heart.
  Oh, wow.
 Look, I can see it kicking.
  Ripped my pocket.
  OK, well, let's start this.
  And that would be again, that's just as good as a great Edwin impression.
  Yeah, just as entertaining.
  Yeah, it's opposite the opposite ends of this picture.
  They're just as good.
  Oh, my God.
 The sugar.
  What have we not talked about?  I dream work.
  Yes.
 All right.
  Yeah.
 The DreamWorks water park.
  Finally, you can splish and splash with all your pals.
  You can swim where Shrek swims.
  You can bathe in water.
  The trick farted in  opening day scheduled for March 19th, 2020, baby.
  My God.
 Was it that not the stores?  Maybe.
 I think I guess the water park was the water park.
  So I found a bunch.
 I watched a bunch of videos.
  There were they ran preview days.
  They did have preview days for the water park.
  Oh, and that's where I sent you guys a video where a guy  is standing in the open retail area.
  You can hear a fire alarm going off and he's like, Hey,  I'm here for the preview day for the DreamWorks water park.
  The fire alarm has been going off for 10 minutes.
  After a great start, what do you think that if you had to  do an impression of what that might have sounded like, like,  what is it like to be on a water park?  And then there's this like this loud sound going on.
  What?  Nailed it.
 Yeah.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
 Very good.
  You are like the genie.
 You can do impressions.
  Mm hmm.
  It was a shorter.
 There was a shorter one.
 Yeah.
  Brief.
 Yeah.
 You don't want to blow out your voice.
  Some of the things that this place  are the well, you got the far, far a bay  wave pool.
 You got Shrek's sinkhole slammer.
  Named.
 I love that.
  I named after a sinkhole.
  That sounds like shit, but I love that.
  This is the only names I wrote down of sled, but mainly if you click around  their website, you get to see photos like the one Jason sent us  where Shrek is wearing a big scuba diving mask  and an undershirt, an A-frame like tank top undershirt  really going for the Jersey crowd with that look  like he's in streetcar named desire.
  Yeah.
 Oh, by the way, just a side note for me personally,  that image I sent you guys of Shrek with the snorkel  and Kung Fu Panda with the lei.
  And it says, make some waves.
 Dreamworks waterpark.
  I accidentally texted that to my therapist as well.
  What was the response from that?  I didn't write.
 I just said, oh, ha ha.
  Wrong text.
 I did.
  You write, oh, ha ha.
 I did.
 Yes.
  Jason, we need to talk immediately.
  You know, emergency session.
  Yeah, I don't really get this guy's.
  Does anyone want to take a guess at how much the waterpark tickets were?  How much a ticket is worth that we said?  Yeah.
 I mean, they're not for sale right now.
  Right.
 But according to the people who were at the preview day,  I did not see the price.
  I'm going to guess it was is this for a day or is this not anything?  Yeah, for a day.
  Adults and kids.
  Two different price.
 Two different prices.
  Adults, $50, kids, $35.
  Scott, let me just in keeping with some of the other numbers  that we're looking at, I think one day of mission costs two million dollars.
  No, Scott, sorry, you went under one day for adults.
  Ninety nine dollars and kids, kids, eighty nine dollars.
  Well, for a water, that's the most expensive water park in the country.
  To swim in Shrek's farts.
  But $99 get in my sink hole.
  The Kung Fu Panda Play area looks like we keep them occupied for a while.
  OK, so and there's indoor cabanas  that just look like the balconies of like a mid range hotel room.
  Well, you got people eating Oreos staring down at your naked body.
  So wait, that's an upcharge for the cabana or no?  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, it's an.
  I don't know how much, but I'm going to assume it's an upcharge.
  So you would go, you pay $100 for your adult self to go  and then you would upgrade like you were at a Vegas pool  to get a better view of the Shrek swamp and the exposed ceilings.
  Well, but hold on a second, those cabanas have a single mini fridge.
  What that sort of open closet,  you find in dorm rooms with like the bar to hang stuff.
  What? And an outdoor railing.
  So you don't fall a few stories.
  Outdoor railing.
  This is the strangest.
  So in a mall, you're going to like sun.
  Like, why would you need a cabana indoors?  Yeah.
 Is there sun coming in from a skylight?  Did I not?  It's more like glare.
  It's got a glare coming in the cabana.
  So, yeah, you get out of the sunlight, especially in like Las Vegas.
  This is so you don't get hit with the like hell,  like the light bulbs in the shopping mall.
  This is so bizarre.
  I don't.
  I saw a video from the West Edmonton Mall in the 80s where it had an open  like, I guess in the mall could watch you to tanning, whatever that means.
  Tanning? In like a gazebo.
  You just walk by.
  There's just like planks of cedar.
  You're just lying on.
  So the the Gremesians are all about indoor tanning, not tanning beds.
  That's not what we mean.
  We mean indoor.
  Just, you know, you sit in a room and lie there and that gets you tan.
  Hypothetically, you sit on a plank of cedar, which is what they cook salmon on.
  And you get.
  Salmon.
  Tan from special lights they've installed.
  It was like they looked like kind of brighter yellow lights  than, you know, we would have in our houses.
  We got to look into what these lights are.
  I'll go back into that video.
  I mean, I after all this, we have to obviously we have to do the trilogy.
  We have to do Mall of America and West Edmonton.
 Right.
  West Edmonton is unbelievable.
  It's it's so crazy.
  We're going the opposite way.
  With our this is our preferred order like Star Wars, where we have some.
  Well, you got to go.
  You got to do it this way and this way.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Backwards.
  Huh? Back to the ones that actually did open.
  This is wild.
  That is so much more expensive than Blizzard Beach, which is seventy three dollars,  which is a immersive themed like with a premise and characters.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I mean, maybe it's a real place.
  I think it's more expensive than like  the Great Wolf Lodge is like the other the big chain of water parks.
  Yeah.
 And that at least like I think they loop lodging and tickets in together.
  You know, I would assume.
  I mean, this is this is wild.
  I don't know who's going to go sit, as Scott said,  almost naked in a shopping mall all day for one hundred dollars.
  Well, Oreo eaters stared down at you  and I don't think they can see you, but this is all right next to a freeway.
  Yeah.
 Either way, you can honk at people as you're driving by  and know that there's like a person like in a speedo inside  mere feet away getting tan over the course of a 10 hour day spent at this mall.
  Somebody just fell asleep.
  They finally are dozing a little bit and then  are just the relentless traffic of New Jersey  that unless it was a Sunday, which, of course, you wouldn't be nobody  would be in there with the traffic gridlock.
  Yeah.
 The turnpike is so great on Sundays.
  It's so much easier than Jersey Turnpike.
  So part of this thing also related to the traffic issue is that,  you know, it's going to be, you know, we're going to put up some money,  but so is the city.
  And it's great.
 It'll work all in tandem.
  And, you know, it's great if you if for anybody, you know, look,  if you have kids in New York City, eventually this is all from the guy  Don Grimes and his justification was your kids are going to get bored  at some point.
 New York City is more for adults.
  If you think about it and, you know, what are kids going to want to do?  Well, come over to the American Dream.
  Why we have a direct bus that gets you right there  that we did not pay for or start ourselves.
  There just there is a bus that New York has and it'll take you.
  Is it just put your kid on the bus and do indoor tanning?  And then I watched it.
  I couldn't believe this was available to  where they grilled more politicians this way.
  There was a video where a reporter is like now, you know, it's  this mall is going to create terrible traffic in this area.
  And even, you know, local politicians are saying, you know,  it's going to require some public transit.
  Would you triple five ever put money into  would you ever put money into, you know, paying for public transit to,  you know, get people to back and forth, especially because people  are going to be coming from all over New Jersey, not just New York.
  So would you ever like help facilitate public transit?  And he goes, ha ha ha ha.
  That is something to be discussed.
  That is his answer.
  No, he's not going to give any money to improve.
  No, no fucking way.
  He's so he like gets the sweats and nervous laughs.
  It's crazy.
 If the question was, would you add another story  to your candy department store? Yes, of course.
  Help transportation.
 We got to talk about it.
  We don't have the butterscotch bar.
  I mean, that can't possibly fit in the first three floors.
  That was always a seventh floor idea.
 Yeah.
  Look, it's it's not like we're competing with six flags in New Jersey,  North Jersey, Shoretowns, South Jersey, Shoretowns,  casinos in South Jersey.
  There's no entertainment in this state.
  You know, in Times Square, the like many multi store,  the lots of multi story candy stores in Times Square,  the place where you're staying with your children, undoubtedly.
  You would think that the way to open this would have been like  like Disney usually does open a thing and you have room for expansion.
  Would it like? Yes.
  That would make sense.
  You've opened some stores and you know, you have all this land here  and that's going to slowly expand.
  And they went all of it at once and got fucked.
  But, you know, that's why, you know,  they say if you're going through hell, keep going.
  And that's why they announced in April of 2020,  the the percentages have changed.
  There is now going to be 70 percent entertainment and 30 percent retail,  which means more entertainment venues like a trampoline park.
  Eight more rides to Nickelodeon Universe,  interactive museums with elaborate props and backdrops,  which I think are total bullshit  and plans were in the works for several hotels that could connect to the mall  via SkyBridge.
  That's right.
 They've got the zoning for 3000 hotel rooms.
  Wow.
 Hotels.
  Interactive museums.
  I know, guys, they announced this during the pandemic.
  Yeah.
 Like, you know, six atriums that will serve as an entertainment hub,  including like, you know, one with a bunch of gardens filled with bird  filled aviaries and rabbit fields.
  And a 60 foot fashion fountain that could be converted into a catwalk in seconds.
  You know, a fashion fountain.
  Fashion.
 Fountain.
  Is that? Yeah, I hate to be.
  I hate to be so modern comedy about it, but is that a thing?  Is that a thing?  This is this is the mall that dares to ask, is that a thing?  If the answer is no, they make it.
 Yes.
  That so there's a fashion fountain  that can turn into a runway for a full fashion show.
  Mm hmm.
 It's probably by the secret garden, a tree like sculpture  consisting of more than seventy five thousand LED lights  and twenty five thousand leaves that play music.
  I tell you what, this is sounding better, honestly, to me.
  They're going to pivot more towards this.
  I think this is a better idea, quite frankly.
  I watched a video.
  I don't know if this is one of the museums you're talking about, but they've  at some point announced that they were going to be the permanent home  of something called the New Jersey Hall of Fame,  which up until now has been a trailer that drove around.
  And so it's a museum on wheels.
  And they've they put the museum in the parking lot of this for a long time.
  The party they did it a year ago before anything was open there.
  So you could go to a parking lot next to an abandoned stadium  and go to the New Jersey Hall of Fame.
  And I watched a news report about it and the interview with the owner  of this trailer museum spends a lot of it saying,  now, if you were just born in New Jersey, that's not enough.
  It doesn't count.
  Paul Simon was born in New Jersey, but he was only here for three weeks  as a baby, and then he left.
  He moved away.
 So he's not in the Hall of Fame.
 Really?  Get out of here, Simon.
  Get out of here, Simon, hit the road.
  So like so like Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes would be in.
  Oh, yeah.
 But Paul Simon would not.
  And my friend's dad, Jim McGreevey, gets it somehow.
  You're the star of the documentary.
  We got to put him in.
  Then this is from New Jersey TV News.
  This is the strangest news report ever.
  It keeps going.
 And they they say, oh, there's going to be, you know,  because some of the people in the Hall of Fame are still living.
  So if you're still living in and you're in the Hall of Fame,  they're going to make a hologram of you who is going to.
  I swear, the news report said encourage kids to follow their dreams  or give them advice.
  So a hologram from New Jersey is going to talk to you.
  And then it says, you know, living New Jersey and will talk to your kids,  you know, like former MLB player Al Leiter.
  And then they interview this baseball player for a while.
  So Al Leiter is a hologram is going to say, kids,  they, you know, once I didn't want to pick up a bat and then I did.
  And then I was playing MLB.
  So you do the same thing.
 Wow.
  I think we're kind of tainer.
  We're previewing this at the Newark airport where there was just a box  where a very sleepy seeming Stephen Vansant hologram  would just tell you some stuff.
  He got in in 2017.
  I'm reading here.
 Little Stephen.
  Yeah.
 Oh, he's in it.
 Oh, good.
  Oh, Southside Johnny got in 2018.
  Yeah.
 All right.
  Along with Jason Alexander.
  Oh, what?  Hmm.
 Now, are there holograms of any of these?  It doesn't say on here.
  It doesn't say on here, but oh, George R.
R.
  Martin got in in 2018 as well.
  Hmm.
 Yeah, that's right.
 He's from Bayonne.
  Wow.
 I've met you on the best show a lot.
  He's from Bayonne.
 Ray Liotta.
  It says it's the New Jersey.
  Wait, no, I forget what it is.
 Keep going.
  I'm just going to Ray Liotta 2016.
  Boy, you know, it's really it's it's fun, like thinking about all the people  in the New Jersey, all of fame and all like who might be in it,  who they might make a hologram.
  I find this all very fascinating.
  And I personally could talk about this the whole rest of the episode.
  What is that? But I don't know if everyone else.
  Well, I also agree that I think we should just keep talking  about the New Jersey Hall of Fame, especially specifically  South Side Johnny and his music career.
  Boys, boys, you're boring the crap out of me.
  Boring, boring, boring.
  Move on already, boys.
  He's doing like an annoying nerd voice now.
  All right.
 You made a boing, but with the word boring.
  Yeah.
 I mean, you did.
 You're here.
  You.
 Yeah, right.
  That was weird what you did.
  OK, look, it's easy, I think, with all of this stuff to say in hindsight.
  You know, they didn't create the pandemic.
  I don't think maybe.
 You never know.
  It's possible.
 It was triple five.
  They did it to try to get out of ever having to open this thing fully.
  But, you know, it's easy in hindsight to say this was a bad idea.
  But it's the things that were in the mall that I think make you go.
  Yeah, it was always kind of weird and the weird like,  shouldn't they have gotten the message from many decades?  One of the articles I read had the quote from a retail consultant, Kate Newland.
  It was probably a good idea 20 years ago,  but I don't think it was a good idea pre covid.
  And I really think it's crazy now.
  And that's what I think what it boils down to.
  I feel like plenty of people did say this was a bad idea.
  They had so many chances.
  How many like this is the fourth developer that's still sinking money into this Shrek  sinkhole.
 I yes.
  Yes.
 And I don't think it'll be the last.
  I feel like this is what Trump does if he gets out of office.
  Yeah.
 Goes straight to this.
 Yeah.
  I think so.
 And then although, yeah, all of his voters will can live there with him.
  They still have to open the kids, Zania Family Entertainment Center,  the Lucky Strike Bowling Alley,  Legoland Discovery Center, Sea Life Aquarium,  Climb Zone Indoor Rock Climbing Facility, Mirror Maze.
  I look I love the sound of all of this.
  Mirror Maze, Trampoline Park.
 Sign me up.
  I like all of that.
  I don't know what is Mirror Maze like a house of mirrors,  like a new cutting edge house of mirrors for 2020.
  Angry Birds Miniature Golf Course.
  Now that may have gotten open and then I'm not sure.
  The jury's out on that one.
  Huh? Can you drink?  Is there are there bars in this mall?  Do we know? Nope, it's dry.
  You have to have morals.
  You have to have standards.
  Blue laws.
  If you could, if you could walk around like in Vegas with a drink,  I think this would make the mall much better.
  Certainly, but I don't know if you'll be I don't, you know, again,  it's going to be covered world and you know, you can't walk around  with a drink of Disney now.
  So, yeah, who knows when that'll be possible to partner with companies  like the Rocks, Terra Mana and a different company.
  And then as soon as it opens again, you'll have like a big celebration.
  Welcome to co-founder of Casamigos Tequila, Randy Gerber, Randy.
  Yeah, that'll happen.
  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no  We're all in the New Jersey Hall of Fame.
  Randy Gerber gets in the New Jersey Hall of Fame also.
  And then that brings everything back and everybody gets excited again  because they can get hammered in a giant mall with a mirror maze.
  Whoops.
 Oh, fuck.
  Ow, bonk.
 Ouch.
  Oh, my leg.
 I tore my knee open.
  Just breaking glass left and right.
  People just crashing into a mirror.
  Day two with the mirror maze, like they're just writing calmly on a whiteboard.
  OK, so new regulation.
  No alcohol in the mirror maze.
  The the sequel to Us takes place in this mall.
  We are proud to partner with Jordan Peele to bring you the Us Mirror Mall experience.
  Yeah.
 Here to open it officially, Hologram Jordan Peele.
  And holograms of Johnny and the Asbury Dukes.
  Oh, God, are we I mean, I've got other details, but I'm exhausted.
  I'm exhausted.
  I need to sit back, put on some Southside Johnny and relax.
  I'm so happy I get to say Southside Johnny so much in this episode.
  I said my for my friends, my friends, all the music from Moobysiddy.
  Your dad is in the band.
 Yeah.
  Oh, well, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Anyways, this is this is insane.
  As we said, there's no reopening date.
  Even with with the Gramezians, they were they said, all right, 2014.
  And then they did two more that didn't come to pass.
  Then they were saying fall 20, this has been delayed so many times.
  They got eight percent of it open for six months and then covid.
  No, not even when was it? November.
 Fuck.
  Like five months of that.
  That was the good they missed those days.
  Those were the glory days of Xanadu.
  Yeah.
 And there's just so much coverage in these trade magazines and NJ.
com  of like coming spring 2020.
  Like it's it's like an oh, it feels like something the witches in Macbeth  told you like Oreo twisted come 2020, you know.
  It all does feel like threats, especially when they  they are saying that still in the work, supposedly our plans for  American Dream, Miami.
  Oh, yeah.
 They're trying to do it again.
 Please.
  And this one is supposed to have sea lions that live there.
  It would it would in theory be the biggest mall in North America,  taking a title that the Edmonton Mall used to have.
  They're getting revenge.
  And they would bring back something that hasn't been at their West Edmonton  Mall in many, many years.
 Submarines go to Miami,  drive a submarine around.
  Yes.
 My God.
  How about a candy store in a submarine?  That's a good idea.
  Jeff Rubin for many years has dreamed of the world's first subterranean  floating candy store and for 25 years to be exact.
  And now that dreams a reality.
  Tossing and turning sleepless nights like where will a sour patch  the store within a store go?  Is it by the Reese's stores restore within a store?  What about a sour patch wedding chapel  where you can marry a giant sour patch man or woman?  Do you take this candy to be your bride?  Do you consult my Twix Bible?  Do you take do you take  Denise, the candy woman, to be your awfully wetter wife?  Do you do to have to hold as long as you should live?  To the power invested in me and the United by the United States of Candy  and the National Retail Detainment Association.
  You may kiss the sour bride.
  Kiss her sour lips.
  Um, this is raw walking out of it, sugar throwing nerds at the newlyweds.
  Oh, God, I want that at my wedding for real.
  Well, sure.
  I would be a good idea.
  Yeah, that's fucking good.
  Um, well, well, wait a minute.
  Does that mean we're we're getting towards the end?  This is the part that we haven't done this in so long.
  We haven't had one of these daily series.
  But I think that this is we did it.
  I think we covered all eight percent of this mall that opened.
  And doesn't that now mean that the Keeper Spirit is free?  Oh, that's right.
 That must be the but must be what happens now.
  Boys, boys, your journey is over.
  You have failed.
  My soul was used as collateral and is now owned by the banks.
  I'm toast, boys.
  You fucked up.
 Fuck you.
  What?  Well, that's you.
  You didn't say the rules, really.
  Yeah, we didn't get a good explanation of what we were supposed to do.
  How are we going to stop the banks if this mall couldn't fend off the banks?  And how are us three idiots going to do it?  Yeah, I don't know.
  I guess well, before you get taken from the banks, do you have anything else  you want to say?  Hey, let's let's exit through the miles of unopened gift shops.
  Yeah.
 And you  American Dream Keeper, you survive podcast, right?  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  I just want to remind all you listeners about a man named Matt Cardona.
  His podcast, wink, wink.
  My podcast is called a major wrestling figure podcast.
  It drops every Friday wherever you find your podcasts.
  We have a page just like these guys.
  We do more.
  Oh, all right.
  That's they do more bonus listening.
  Well, I like this podcast podcast.
  The ride pretty cool.
  And every Friday, the major wrestling figure podcast.
  It's by a Len.
 Call me.
  OK, it's very canny.
  We still trying to get Len test on the phone.
  Promoting some other guys podcast.
  Matt Cardona, I know.
  Yes, he must be friends with him.
  He was said he he said he was me.
  I don't know.
 He must have been joking about that.
  But yes, I guess it's a wrestling podcast.
  If you like wrestling figures and action figures and collectibles,  certainly check that out.
  That's nice of him to plug.
  I also like how he did kind of a Don Rickles thing there.
  He kind of praised us at the end.
  Yeah, they're kind of roasting us.
  Yeah, yeah, that was nice.
  But what don't we do enough bonuses?  Oh, he said he does more.
  He said they do bonuses on their Patreon.
  He was trying to get one up and say that the major wrestling figure,  Matt Cardona, aka Zach formerly Zach Ryder of WWE  on his Patreon, they do more bonuses.
  I don't know that that's true.
  That's just what the ghost was saying.
  This is all right.
  Where's it been long lately?  You know, we need we need the time to talk to other human beings.
  Yes.
  The bonuses are in the epics.
  They're always bonuses.
  But you know what? I think he's right.
  And that's why I think  let's do more than just an audio bonus.
  I say that we build an entire bonus kingdom.
  I'm on Google Maps and I found a bunch of protected marshland  that's just just off the coast of Staten Island.
  OK.
 And I propose we will.
  I propose we will build this.
  The pockets are at the third gate will be an actual place.
  It's going to be three million square feet.
  And I promise it will be a pandemic or no pandemic.
  It'll be open by the end of 2021.
  So what you can do is pay us the money now.
  We'll start the third tier and that will cost five thousand dollars.
  And then you will have exclusive access to millions of square feet of entertainment.
  I'm very excited about this because I think I'd like to.
  You know, immediately announce some of the partnerships that we're we have  ready for this endeavor.
  So real quick, this is somebody I think everybody knows  and is going to be very excited about that is on board with with us.
  Oh, really? Oh, great.
 Yeah.
 Here we go.
  Oh, it's Chucko the birthday clown.
  He's now finally in business with us officially.
  And we'll be able to license his image  and we'll be able to do some sort of a chuckle experience,  maybe sort of a hall of mirrors with Chucko, sort of a funhouse.
  I think it's very exciting.
  Dream Keeper, you shut your mouth.
  Stop this song at once.
  I don't want to hear one other verse of that song, sir.
  After you dig us, then you play that.
  Yeah, well, that look, he was just helping me out  because of the different part of the partnership we have.
  Yeah, we did not discuss this.
 There's plenty of IP.
  We always talk about buying IP that we we want and enjoy.
  And that's up for grabs.
  And yet the one that we choose is the one scary clown.
  I might have to pull out of this and start my own and start the Scott Gardner  dream that will be in the city of your Mo,  which I believe is on the weight of Vegas.
  And it's going to be six million square feet and no Chucko's allowed.
  OK, we'll talk about that off here.
  But unless anybody has anything else,  I just to salute to American Dream.
  Do you think maybe there is a Chucko song where he salutes America  that I may have found earlier today and that we should go out playing that?  No, I don't think great.
  I mean, that would be really good if that I mean, by per chance, that can happen.
  OK, well, it can't be real.
  It doesn't exist, does it?  Well, I think it does exist.
  But, you know, rate and review us on Apple podcasts and, you know,  check us out on Twitter and Instagram.
  Oh, and I was forgetting to podcast the right on the podcast, the right on Twitter.
  Do the second gate.
  Go to this three bonus episodes every month, which apparently isn't enough  at podcast, the right, the second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast.
  The right.
 I've been beaten up by this keeper.
  And now I've got to be have some fucking song shoved down my throat.
  Yes, that's true.
 But look, we're in partnership with Chucko now.
  He's part of our universe.
  So unfortunately, he's going to have to sing a salute to America to take us out.
  I'd kill for Randi, a partnership with Randy Gerbert.
  No, Randy's out.
 He's not partnering with us.
  What is what's Chucko going to give me a briefcase full of?  Seltzer.
  I think all right.
 Well, you know what?  I put my differences aside and I'm so excited to be in league.
  Oh, briefcase, huh?  This must be very valuable thing.
  Bib juice.
  Oh, that would have been a better joke.
 You're right.
  Briefcase full of bib juice.
  I only barely remembered what it was.
  What a bit of a joke.
  It's not even in bottles.
  It's loose in a leather briefcase.
  And then this song that starts playing is, of course.
  Happy birthday to our country.
  The United States of America.
  Let's light a candle in every heart for the greatest land of all.
  Happy birthday to our country.
  Hail to all the four.
  This is two and a half minutes long.
  Jesus.
  Let freedom ring.
  At ease, Scott.
 Chucko's got it from here.
  Happy birthday to the United States of America.
  They deserve everything that's coming to us.
  The American dream is dead.
  That is a big birthday to remember.
  This is what he's like.
  For God's sake, 1776.
  That's the day our country was born.
  Hey, you know how we always celebrate birthdays for girls and boys  and mamas and daddies and even our pets.
  Well, things are like this.
  You know, birthday.
  This is our partner.
  Scott, this is our partner in America.
  You know, long, long ago.
  Our forefathers.
  This was shut down by the way, we had an agreement.
  It was three of us.
  That means that everybody born in America  be able to live in freedom.
  Yeah, they eat and sleep, work and play.
  You hit your D's too hard and you have a list.
  Without anybody telling us how to do it.
  That's right.
 Thank you, Chucko.
  We practice the golden rule.
  Oh, yeah, you see why?  Just like one big family.
  You put your head in a microwave.
  What's wrong with you?  Microwaves are different back then.
  Family, the United States of America.
  Right there.
  He's broken it down for us.
  1776.
  That's the birthday.
  Here we go.
  Never forget.
  This will be the theme of our new mall we're building, by the way.
  This will be playing like Main Street's theme as you're coming onto the mall.
  The state of America.
  It was never be heard.
  And in the tapes, there'll be Chucko's statue like the Waltz statue in Town Square.
  The Disneyland.
  It was part of his contract and he actually he has 26 percent.
  Yeah, the rest of it.
  He has one more percent.
  Also, I like to announce that Chucko is officially alive again.
  Happy birthday to you.
  It's true.
  And happy birthday.
  Happy birthday to our future mall.
  We must reopen the country.
  Let's give those kids back in school.
  Don't wear a mask.
  Best start real.
  But hydro coxacoron is the.
  If you put a corpse in the wet lens and restroth the food, it comes back to life.
  And that's how I'm a year.
  Like the Lazarus pit from Batman.
  I said that I think I said that the Mr.
  Six episode was the weirdest episode.
  And now I change to this one one snuck in there.
  Yeah, that Chucko the clown was a was revived to sing an American song  because of toxic waste found at the site of Xanadu.
  Yep.
  This sucks.
  Race.
 This is not canon.
  This is not podcast.
  The right canon.
 It's main.
  None of this main feed, Scott.
  It has to be.
 It's made feed.
  And I'm sure next week will be even more normal.
  I can only assume.
  Back to regular fun, pleasant stuff.
  We're really coming apart, aren't we? Yep.
  Oh, let's let's get a let's get a break.
  We we we deserve one.
  I agree.
  Oh, no.
  Bye bye, kids.
 Bye.
  Bye.
 Go outside.
  Get coughed on.
  Forever.
  Dog.
  This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
