 Five, four, three, two, one.
  Quack, quack, quack, quack.
  If you guys want to do it with me, feel free.
  Or just-  Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack.
  Yeah, all right.
  Welcome to the Podcasts that Ride the Second Gate.
  I'm Scott Gairdner joined by ducks who fly together,  Mike Carlson.
  Yes, I am here.
  I fly together often.
  I mean, all the grammar was weird,  but all of us collectively, I mean.
  Right, yes.
  Jason Sheridan.
  I am being lowered by wires into my usual podcasting chair  as I am every recording session.
  We can't hear it, but in your headphones,  Carmina Barana is playing.
  Oh yeah.
  There's a lot of songs.
  There's a lot of songs we could have playing right now.
  I think they'll really pump the audience up.
  There is a ton.
  There's a ton of music in what we're here to talk about,  which might require a little bit of explanation  at this point.
  I think it's time for us to do a now classic  Podcasts that Ride, not this, not that.
  Because the topic today is the Mighty Ducks,  not the film franchise with Emilio Estevez,  including D2 and D3, which is not D23,  not related to D23.
  Right, and not the upcoming Disney Plus show reboot  of the Mighty Ducks, which is coming.
  There is that.
  Not a joke.
  Really?  Okay.
  Emilio is back, is what I've heard.
  As Gordon Bombay.
  But he's like a burnout,  and he's like a man, a hermit in the woods.
  This might be real spoilery stuff.
  This might be inside information that is not out there.
  He's like a guy that is disheveled,  and they don't know where he's been,  and then he comes back to act as sort of a mentor  for the new team.
  Anyway, that's a little.
.
.
  And this is not a full examination  of the animated Mighty Ducks.
  Yes, that was my other not this, not that.
  Correct, it is not Mighty Ducks, the animated series.
  Confusingly, because we have talked about doing that a lot,  that for sure has come up before,  and it is on Disney Plus already.
  And so later when you're searching Mighty Ducks  on Disney Plus, when you're deciding,  is it the movie or the animated show  or the TV show reboot of the movie,  there's gonna be so many results for Mighty Ducks eventually.
  Right, and we will do it.
  Yes, I'm excited for that one,  although I might, after Father of the Pride,  I might institute the policy  that we do not watch any more entire series.
  I agree.
 I think the gist might be fine.
  I agree.
  I do wanna watch a lot.
  I mean, this is like a kids action cartoon.
  I think the expectations are a little more managed  than Father of the Pride had some very big names  attached to it.
  Well, hey, so did the Mighty Ducks show.
  Jim Belushi was Wild Wing,  a character who will factor into today's episode.
  I think I have that right.
  I always, we've said it before,  the ones I always go to, Jim Belushi was a voice  and Dennis Franz was a voice.
  Okay.
  But a lot of other ones too.
  I mean, I won't Google it now.
  We'll save that for the, let's just do that immediately.
  We'll wait on it.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But no, in fact, this episode is about  the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, the real life hockey team,  the NHL franchise, the Mighty Ducks,  which from its founding in 1993 up until 2005  was owned by the Walt Disney Company  and overseen, especially as it was starting up,  quite specifically by our hero, our king, Michael Eisner.
  Yes, he very ambitious.
  Some might say too ambitious  in all of the different pursuits.
  I mean, yeah, this is the era where he's doing everything.
  This is like post fallout of Euro Disney  and he's still taking the time to start a hockey team.
  Yeah, it feels like you could have maybe got anything,  like if you wanted him to launch like a new candy,  a Disney candy bar, like he would have been like,  we're doing it, we're doing it.
  Yeah, we're going with anything you threw at him.
  Disneylicious.
  Disneylicious.
  Disney's like maybe Disney has their own space program,  their own like SpaceX, he would have approved it.
  Like I think anything goes during this era.
  He's wild.
  Before this was like after Frank Wells had passed away,  but it's not.
  As I was watching this, I was like,  well, this must be just off the leash, Michael off the leash,  but no, Wells is still alive at this point.
  They're licking their wounds a little, yes, from Euro Disney.
  This isn't, and it's not quite the era  where they're overexpanding with all the weird,  the kids club and Disney Quest.
  It's like, this is like the box office  of everything's doing great.
  They're like the end of the big animated movies are out.
  This is right post Beauty and the Beast,  which will also factor in.
  And of course it is post Emilio Estevez Mighty Ducks,  a surprise hit movie, a $10 million budget movie  that grossed $50 million.
  It all seems so low today, but even though movies  make more money, I feel like they don't usually  what quintuple their budgets.
  So that created pause within the company.
  It was kind of a surprise phenomenon.
  People thought hockey might be more popular.
  There was a surge in popularity for hockey as well.
  But I think-  Yeah, they were kind of riding wave,  also sort of post Wayne Gretzky coming to the LA Kings,  which will factor is very much a part of the story.
  Really, really quick, I want to preview at the top,  just as sort of a tease for where this episode goes,  just to explain kind of why we're doing this now.
  It is mainly, I propose this to you guys  because in my endless search for YouTube inanities,  I ended up stumbling into the very first Mighty Ducks game  in 1993, which had an opening ceremony  that is one of the greatest things I've ever seen.
  I am so excited about this opening ceremony.
  So that's really, in case the listener was wondering,  is this suddenly, do I have to read up on statistics?  Do I have to go learn some positions?  Do I have to go learn who Fourth Iceman is?  I don't think I could name a,  I know a guy, I know Goalie  and there's probably some tenders, but I don't know.
  Do you know a hockey position?  Look, my dad's a big hockey fan.
  It never took with me.
  I like watching it,  but I am not, I don't know almost,  I know nothing about the actual sport.
  I know there's fights.
  I know there's a goalie.
  I know there's something called icing.
  Which was, maybe I don't know what icing is.
  Even if I said icing out loud just now,  I went, oh shit, what is it?  Jason knows what icing is.
  Is that where you-  We're talking treats, baby.
  When you decorate a cake.
  In hockey, is that where you come to a sudden stop  and you shoot ice?  That's what I thought, but I was embarrassed to ask.
  When you shoot ice?  Well, like, you know-  If you stop, suddenly ice shoots up from the ground.
  It's sort of, it's like insulting,  it's like if you sort of spit on somebody.
  It's a little glove slap to the face.
  Yeah.
  I know a little hockey from,  I mean, the Philadelphia Flyers,  there was a brief period where they were known  as the Broad Street Bullies,  because they would play so dirty.
  They were so vicious.
  And I feel like I did a lot of like Boy Scout or school,  you know, group outings to the Philadelphia Phantoms,  the minor league team.
  Like after they built a new stadium  for a bunch of Philadelphia teams,  really saw a lot of Philadelphia Phantoms,  Philadelphia Kicks games.
  That was the, I don't know if that was the MLS team,  or like the minor league soccer team.
  So those were my-  The Kicks was the name?  The Kicks was the soccer team, yeah.
  Okay.
  This is so embarrassing for all of us.
  In ice hockey, icing is an infraction  when a player shoots the puck over the center red line  and the opposing team's red goal line, in that order,  and the puck remains untouched without scoring a goal.
  Yeah, see, Jason, I think you and I,  you're in my knee jerk was so far off.
  That's how little-  So if that was the definition of icing,  that's what Snoopy did to us at Knott's Berry Farm  when he was skating so close to us.
  He was icing us by shooting ice at us from his skate.
  It can be a fun thing.
  It's a nice thing.
  Yeah, he iced the front row.
  Snoopy iced the front row.
  Taking the Amelia Bedelia definition,  we were just like, oh, well, icing,  it's probably when they shoot ice at each other  to taunt each other.
  When they shoot, shooting ice is my favorite part of that.
  Shooting ice.
  It's awesome, by the way,  they should add an element to the game where you shoot ice.
  Yeah.
  Like Iceman or Mr.
 Freeze.
  Well, like, you know that really good arcade game  where it's a Pac-Man table hockey,  where there's the big pucks,  but then a bunch of little pucks all explode  and it's such a frenzy?  That's what they should do in hockey.
  There should be a sudden release of like 300 blocks of ice  and then they have to deal with them  and scramble to do so.
  Now I'm more interested in the game  now that you've said that.
  I'm a little bit more invested.
  I will say, I did love The Mighty Ducks, the movie.
  I was way into the movie.
  Me too, and D2, I think this is a franchise  where two may have topped one.
  It seems like people are pretty fond of two,  especially with the young Keen and Thompson  and why do people like it?  Keenan has like a trick he does in it, I believe,  where he stands a puck up on its side.
  The knuckle puck?  The knuckle puck, there it is.
  Is that what I believe you're talking about?  Yes, now that we know, we do know,  we don't know real hockey things.
  We know made up hockey things from this one Disney movie  because we also know, or I know, the flying V.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  There's a little attack that they do in the movie,  which I was looking up, is that a real hockey thing?  And all the results are like, no, you cannot do that.
  That doesn't work.
  You would never, just legally,  I think you couldn't arrange it that way  that it would crumble immediately.
  We played floor hockey in gym, which I really liked.
  Yeah, I liked floor hockey.
  I thought that was really fun.
  What's floor hockey?  It's basically you're just on the gym floor,  you have sticks and it's a ball instead of a puck  because you're not a nice.
  I'm not sure that I have held a hockey stick in my life.
  Really?  I don't believe, I can't think of any reason  that I would have.
  Do you like Casey Jones from the Ninja Turtles?  Yes, but I never like dressed up as him or anything.
  I never demanded to have a stick to play him.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  I'm not, I'm also, I'm not trying to be all, you know,  would the sports ball match?  I'm not trying to be that guy either.
  I just, I did like, I mean, I didn't end up taking to,  I mainly saw a lot of basketball and baseball growing up,  but I am very fond of the trips I took with my dad  to see the Kings and of course, to see the Mighty Ducks.
  This was so exciting for me that I'm an LA kid  and I love Disneyland.
  And now near Disneyland,  there's a very Disney-fied hockey team  that has like Disney type stuff and logos and characters  in the arena.
  I mean, that was wonderful for me.
  Yeah, I was excited when this was announced  because especially, and we'll talk about it, I'm sure,  the logo is basically the same Disney-style duck,  but it's a hockey mask.
  And I recognize that Disney drawing  because it's like Darkwing Duck's beak,  but it's a hockey mask.
  There's such a Darkwing Duck vibe to the team,  which I think Eisner may have been specifically chasing  because it was such a big hit at the moment.
  Yes, I was reading some oral history of the team  and he's like, he mentions they're working on Darkwing Duck  at the same time and it's part, like, it's like,  I don't know if it's feeding into each other.
  I don't know what phrase he used.
  And not unrelated color schemes, I feel, like not the same,  but I like what Darkwing Duck is very purple.
  It's very purple, which again,  I guess is the reason why I like it.
  Yeah.
 My favorite color.
  Yeah, I think I had a hat.
  I think I had a Mighty Ducks hat  because I liked the movies and the logo.
  I did not like D3.
  That was very off to me.
  Like, well, they already beat the world.
  Who cares if they're going to college?  Yeah, I felt the same way.
  Yeah, like they broadcasted lower stakes to me  just in the description of the film.
  Yeah, they should have competed  against some aliens or something.
  Oh, they should have space jammed it.
  Yeah, that's good.
  Yeah.
  Emilio in like two scenes in that movie.
  I want it more Emilio.
  Emilio in whatever, 95 or 96 is a D3  where Emilio Estevez is in two scenes  and nobody gives a shit.
  Now they'll make an entire TV series  where Emilio is in two scenes  and the whole internet will be like epic much,  ah, retrogasm.
  I would love a late career,  Emilio Estevez, Renasa,  like we've gotten from Michael Keaton  and other actors like that  who come back in like insane melodrama roles.
  Well, Keaton is back as Batman  and Estevez is back as Gordon Bombay.
  So you're getting it.
  Sure.
  I'm not gonna be happy till he's back as Free Jack.
  And I'm aware that the character's name is not Free Jack,  but I also don't know what the character's name is.
  So why not?  Why couldn't it be Free Jack?  I think they should reanimate his corpse  in the Mission Impossible franchise.
  Yeah.
 Oh, right.
  Wait a minute, with the first one?  Yeah, in the first one.
  In the first one, Emilio, this is another,  this is a moment and I don't know if people around my age  have the same impression.
  It happened in this movie and it happened in Mars Attacks.
  And a movie would kill an actor that I liked a lot,  that I expected to be in the whole movie.
  My brain would go nuts.
  In the Mission Impossible, he gets killed  within the first 20 minutes of the movie.
  Because John Voight is-  Crushed by an elevator, right?  Well, yeah, and there's like spikes come out  and like stick him in the head.
  And I was just like, what, Emilio Estevez?  I love him, he's dead.
  He's Gordon Bombay.
  Gordon Bombay.
 Gordon Bombay.
  The, wait, who in Mars Attacks was your, who I was saying?  Michael J.
 Fox gets killed early in Mars Attacks.
  And that just, I was like, I didn't know you could do that.
  I didn't know that was possible to kill a beloved character  or a beloved actor, like right at the start of the movie.
  Mars Attacks is very satisfying in like,  who ends up surviving.
  It's such a motley crew.
  It's like, and do not at all who you think you're gonna get  when the movie's over.
  It's like Lucas Haas, Jim Brown, Tom Jones.
  Some birds.
  Oh yeah.
  Who's that, is it Pam Greer who's the actress?  Pam Greer, he's in that movie, I believe.
  Think she might make it.
  I, anyway, so the Mighty Ducks movie  very much did spur this film.
  And of course the team is named after the movie,  which I remember, you know, even as a kid  thinking most of this was cool,  there was still part of me even as like an eight year old  that thought that's pretty stupid.
  It is a pretty, like they're gonna be stuck with that  for a while.
  And in fact, the ducks who are still around today  and still playing in Anaheim today  are not the Mighty Ducks anymore.
  And because I think everyone maybe felt that way.
  It was a tad goofy.
  What is the current name?  The current name is also goofy.
  Isn't it just the Anaheim ducks?  Is it the Anaheim ducks?  Cause the angels are the Los Angeles angels of Anaheim.
  God, what a clusterfuck.
  So it's very odd.
  And they almost lost the angels.
  I think they secured them,  but they almost like made a play to like move somewhere else.
  Oh, sure.
  I feel like that's always happening.
  And part of all of this happened,  this team happening was in the shuffle  that's perennially occurring  and trying to get teams to Orange County.
  I mean, not to jump around too much, but the stadium.
  So it was kind of, you know,  it's a little two-part cutesy Disney thing.
  It's the Mighty Ducks or the team named after the movie.
  And then the arena at the time was the pond.
  And I'll still forever call it the pond.
  If something had a goofy name when it opened,  I will always still call it that.
  I got to go to what I believe is Roger Center in Toronto,  but I cannot not call it the sky dome.
  When you have a cool name, don't,  these sponsored names get out of here.
  They suck.
  I mean, the place I went to as a kid was,  well, now it's called the Allstate Arena,  but it used to be called the Rosemont Horizon.
  Whoa, I didn't know that one.
  Yeah.
  The Horizon's really cool.
  Rosemont Horizon is so much better than Allstate Arena.
  Yeah.
  Although even this was not purely the pond  because they still had to do the sponsorship thing.
  So it did become the Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim,  which didn't not make sense  because it feels like Lake Arrowhead, which is a lake.
  And then there's the pond,  but still sort of a bizarre clunky phrase.
  Though the name of the pond,  apparently from Jane Eisner, Michael Eisner's wife.
  Oh, I didn't see that.
  Really?  Evidently, who we discovered also named the,  or thought of the campaign,  I'm going to Disney World after the Super Bowl.
  So all the sports,  all the good sports ideas came from Jane Eisner.
  If we can't-  That's why I'm never a great man.
  If we can't get him on the show,  maybe we should try to get Jane.
  Come up one of these.
  We will infiltrate the family.
  There's no way it doesn't happen.
  It has to happen in some way.
  Relatedly to this also, some of the impetus for,  it's that the movie came out  and did really just shockingly well.
  So Eisner's gears are turning.
  He also grew up as a big New York Islanders fan,  but well, and going along with that,  he raised his kids to like hockey very much.
  So once again,  Brick Eisner leads to millions and millions of dollars  spent by the Walt Disney Company.
  Right.
  Just because they were in the high,  like a youth hockey league.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I guess so.
  He used to follow that.
  You'd obviously watch the games.
  He learned all the positions.
  Could we add up the full sum total of amount of money  spent in order to please Brick Eisner?  Is it one billion dollars?  I bet it's close.
  And if you think about it,  because the ones we always attribute to him  are off of the Tony Baxter stories,  our star tours and Splash Mountain,  both of which now forthcoming,  there will be a new Splash Mountain of some kind.
  So if you count him causing that one too,  and the second star tours,  that's all still in the,  you still have to build all that to Brick.
  Right, yes.
  And then they've built multiple versions of them  across the world.
  All over the world.
  The global footprint of Brick Eisner.
  Right.
  Who knows?  I mean, it sounds like he was so influential.
  I'm sure there's stuff we haven't heard about.
  So I think you'd have to double,  whatever your estimate is, double it.
  Which is what?  I mean, like killing dictators discreetly  with Disney's secret, Disney's internal CIA operation.
  DIA, another project Eisner started in 92  because it was Brick's idea.
  Brick, where do you think we should start a coup?  Let me, how many points just to some country overseas?  Wherever Rambo is set.
  Rambo is cool.
  Okay, got it.
  Let's go.
 Well, dad,  there's a lot of disarray since the Soviet Union collapse.
  So there's always opportunity and chaos, father.
  Okay.
  You're a bright boy, Brick.
  You'll be president someday.
  Not far off.
  So that's all the impetus for why at this strange height  and beginning of the Disney decade  that they decide to start a hockey team.
  But there is another side to this story  and it involves a white collar criminal.
  And I'm pretty excited to share all this.
  This is all, I think Mike,  you read the same article as me,  this like oral history of the team starting,  which had a section about a guy named Bruce McNall.
  Bruce McNall, I recognize it because I've watched  the 30 for 30 about Wayne Gretzky coming to play in LA.
  And Bruce McNall was the owner of the Kings  who convinced Wayne Gretzky to leave Edmonton  and come to the LA Kings,  which transformed the entire NHL.
  Like now you've got the greatest player in the world  playing in this very, you know,  in a hot, sexy location, like Hollywood, baby.
  And so now what used to be kind of an afterthought,  LA as a hockey team now is like this event,  you gotta be there, Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn  are at the games all the time.
  The Goldie Hawns of the world is what Mike Leisner said.
  As Mike Leisner said, yes, that was very odd.
  And you know, the Goldie Hawns of the world started appearing.
  So if there's big movie stars, Hobnobin,  you know who's gotta be there  is the head of the Walt Disney Company, Mike Leisner.
  So he is hanging out at these big dinners  that Bruce McNall is throwing before every game  that are teaming with movie stars.
  And he starts getting really endeared  to this Bruce McNall guy.
  And then there's a part of this oral history  that really jumped out at me,  which is kind of red flag number one about Bruce McNall.
  Okay, so Eisner, quote Eisner.
  He'd have this big dinner before the game.
  It was a fun era with Gretzky and all that.
  Also, it's kind of interesting that this is before  we were indicated about his sidestepping of legal issues,  but bigger than life, bigger than life.
  He would tell me about his coin collecting  and his coin dealing, all of that exotic,  romantic taking coins from Italy.
  Never thought that was appropriate, says Michael.
  Coins from Italy.
  Yes, and now I've Googled it,  but I'm not enough of a fraudster to understand.
  But it does seem like this guy built his fortune  collecting rare foreign coins,  somehow getting them out of the countries  that they are supposed to be in,  and then convincing extremely rich people  that they are worth more than they are.
  This is a precursor to Hobby Lobby buying Iraqi artifacts  and smuggling them into the country.
  Oh wait, that's right.
  To sell as patio decorations.
  This is a really odd Indiana Jones-esque component  to how these corporate people make their money.
  People were still doing artifact stealing?  If you scratch the history of any sports franchise  or stadium being built or airplane naming scheme,  you will immediately find criminals of all levels.
  McCarran International Airport, the Vegas airport,  McCarran was like a crook.
  Vegas pretty much is what it is because of Bugsy Seat.
  So a lot of crooks in Vegas,  but there needs to be,  God knows what'll come out after that new LA stadium is done.
  God knows what will be,  the oral histories of that will be.
  It's always the craziest worst people.
  We just had an episode where we talked about  this awful owner of the Redskins  who has this many reasons to not like the guy,  but the main one that he was anti-Mr.
 Six.
  But the way that list unfurled,  and it's similar with this Bruce McNall guy,  it's so great, like, I guess just the level of like,  super villain you have to be to own a sports team,  which an amazing act of super villainy here.
  This is one of my favorite Eisner things I've ever heard.
  So Eisner's hanging out,  he's getting wined and dined by Bruce McNall.
  Aren't you having fun at the LA Kings game?  The thrill of hockey ownership,  and this could all be yours.
  Why Michael, you might not know,  they're building in Anaheim,  they're building an arena right there  in Disneyland's backyard, but there is no team to fill it.
  Why don't you purchase a hockey team, Michael?  And he thinks about all the things we said already,  well, Mighty Ducks did well and my kids,  and you know what, that's not a bad idea,  but isn't there a lot of red tape to start a hockey team?  And Bruce McNall says, no, no, no,  all you have to do is just give money,  submit a plan to the chairman of the NHL Board of Governors,  who is me, Bruce McNall.
  So, which all seems like a conflict of interest,  but anyway, like any, but his whole,  he did this not only to Michael Eisner,  but also to the head of Blockbuster,  who purchased a team maybe in Tampa,  I could be getting it wrong,  but they're like, there's this whole concerted effort  to get billionaires to spend corporate money  on hockey teams.
  So Eisner's convinced, sounds good to me, let's do it.
  And what he had to do was pay a $50 million expansion fee.
  And apparently the way the rules of sports work  is that if you're trying to enter a marketplace  that already has a team,  you have to pay a bunch of money  to the team that exists already.
  So Michael Eisner and the Walt Disney Company  cut a $25 million check to the preexisting team,  the LA Kings, and specifically straight to its owner,  Bruce McNall.
  So.
  Seats about forward to me.
  The whole thing.
  No, go ahead Mike.
  I don't want, this is, I don't want to get into a people get,  this is going to take a solvent tangent,  but like, I don't want to hear anyone complaining  about a target being looted.
  What, I mean.
  Well, hang on, don't Dave, our buddy Brian Cornell,  let's not code.
  Yeah, that's fair.
  But I'm just saying.
  He's got a great song.
  I don't know anything else about the guy,  but the song.
  He was fine with it.
  He was like, there's more important things going on right now.
  He was kind of cool.
  He said the right thing.
  But just the amount,  it's hard to wrap your head around the corruption  because of the scope of it.
  First of all, it's like Italian coins.
  What is that?  Second of all, it's like these just big chunks.
  Well, they must know that must just be standard.
  That must just be standard operating procedure.
  Here's $25 million that I orchestrated to get.
  It's just, it's super villain level stuff.
  He's the head of the,  he's the guy who approves new teams  and the owner of the team that you have to give money to.
  It's yeah, it's like, but it is like super,  like it just doesn't compute with most people  because you glaze over it.
  It doesn't like seem real.
  And it's like a little too complicated.
  Even I am not quite,  because I couldn't understand  how his coin stealing scheme worked.
  But if I could just simplify,  I mean, I think what the story here is that  Michael Eisner perhaps partially well drunk  was swindled by an international coin thief.
  Who was running the NHL.
  So, you know, Eisner had his moments  and he had his failures.
  He had his own coin tricks as well.
  He's like, so this is you.
  And he pulls up a coin and he's like,  and this is the NF, then NHL.
  And he's like, if you, we double you.
  And then in my eyes, I just got disoriented  and was like, all right, yeah, whatever you want.
  Well, first of all,  who do I make the check?  Make the coin reappear  and I'll give you $25 million for the coin.
  Next, I will call you $25 million check for the team.
  Let me keep going with this a little.
  Bruce McNall at this point needed  the $25 million so as to not default on  massive bank loans that he had taken out.
  And you think that 25 million would do a pretty good dent,  but in fact, he owed banks like $70 million.
  So he's like, okay, 25, that should start.
  I think, you know, I'll keep it.
  I'll scam a couple more billionaires and I should be fine.
  But in fact, the next year,  the year after all of this shit happened,  he pleaded guilty to two counts of bank fraud  and conspiracy and wire fraud.
  And he went to jail for 70 months.
  And he's still in 2020 owes money to banks.
  But he's out of jail.
  He did, he got out of jail.
  And not only that, despite all of this,  he's still so beloved by Wayne Gretzky  and by all the Luke Robitile,  all these other great LA Kings.
  Wayne Gretzky refused to let his number be retired in LA  until Bruce McNall was out of jail  and could be there at the ceremony.
  He loves Bruce McNall.
  I think everybody, there's documentaries about him  and everybody's like the greatest, larger than life,  the most wonderful guy.
  And in fact, he got a piece of advice  after all this went down and he got caught,  which a lot of these people don't.
  He got a piece of advice from a friend of his.
  And that was your problem is that you only stole  $70 million.
  Your scam should have been for a billion dollars  because then you're too big to fail.
  And that advice was given by president Donald J.
 Trump.
  Great, fantastic.
  Yes, the man and America's too big to fail, isn't it?  Oh God.
  I love, I honestly, we need to get back to where like,  we're talking about some dumb Disney song parody  on the ice, but I would like to talk about  five different real world problems right now.
  That are all oddly overlapping with this.
  This seems like an innocent version  of what we're seeing a lot.
  There's a slightly famous now deceased man  that people wonder, well, after he was arrested and let go,  how would these famous people still be talking to him  and why would they invite him to their wedding?  Yes, yes.
  And it just seems like it doesn't matter.
  Do these people go away for the crimes?  Who gives a shit?  We're rich, doesn't matter.
  Are you talking about the one  who definitely killed themselves?  Yes, I might be talking about the one who definitely  for sure killed himself.
  Oh, the aviation enthusiast.
  Yes.
  We're not, you know, just,  I don't like to say the dates necessarily,  but we're recording this early July.
  This might come out later July.
  So I just want to say that to all of you in late July,  I hope you're dealing well with the death  of Ghislaine Maxwell, RIP.
  We'll miss you.
  I just want to make sure that's out there now.
  We don't want to sound like we're behind on the news.
  We're insensitive because people will be mourning the loss.
  We were really struggling at beginning July  because, you know, federal, local, state  have bungled the response to the coronavirus so badly.
  There were no cookouts or parties or get togethers.
  So all podcasters had to discuss the Ghislaine Maxwell arrest  in their group texts instead of in person at cookouts.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Everybody had to shift the usual topic  of their group texts, Quibi, over to Ghislaine Maxwell.
  Yeah.
  Let's, Quibi and its odd name actually might be a good way  to lead into the next point, which is that the pond,  the home of the ducks is newly relevant.
  Maybe, maybe not.
  I'll put a big question mark there.
  Yeah, possibly.
  And this is my Zoom background as you guys talk to me.
  There has been an exciting, dynamic Anaheim,  changing the fabric of Anaheim plan announced  because right now, if you go to what is now the Honda Center  where the ducks play, what's there?  It's a big parking lot.
  There's nothing exciting.
  And soon enough, it will be an exciting multi-use living  and dining and shopping, if those are ever allowed again,  destination.
  And the name of this place is OC Vibe.
  OC Vibe.
  And if you think that I'm done with what is stupid  about this, now allow me to spell OC Vibe.
  OC, both lowercase.
  Now put caps lock on, capital V, exclamation point B-E.
  Yes.
  What? I didn't know that.
  Yeah, OC Vibe.
  OC Vibe, a place where teens can just come to hang out  and be themselves.
  So the vibe here in July, 2020,  the vibe of OC is off the hook.
  Of course, they're killing it, baby.
  If you go to the Honda Center right now  and look in the parking lot,  there is just one of these very overly designed  apartment buildings in the midst of a parking lot.
  And that's where Disney and Convention Center  bus overflow pickup stations are.
  And then right across the street,  there's like a Golden Road beer garden and brewery.
  But it does feel very out of place.
  They're like, well, live here.
  Live in the parking lot of a baseball stadium.
  And there is one restaurant.
  There's a very similar little housing area  over nearby the stadium, the Angel Stadium,  that overlooks the really weird concert venue  that's just in the parking lot of the Anaheim State,  which I would also love to do an episode about.
  I'm sure we've talked about this,  that it was a theme restaurant  started by Disney executive Jack Lindquist,  where you went, it was like,  it was a thing where you went to experience  a night of 1940s Hollywood glamor,  like you were going to an award show,  much like the Golden Mickeys on the cruise  that we just talked about.
  And this was open for 10 months, I believe.
  Great.
  This was just immediate plummet failure.
  But then it still looks like a 40s theater.
  Yeah, I'd love to explore this thing.
  Yeah, we got to do that.
  Yeah.
  Also, I'm realizing now I'm getting a call  from the keeper of the OC Vibe already.
  And he's calling to me that he needs help.
  He or she needs help  investigating the future stores and restaurants.
  So is he, he's, so you're hearing him  just kind of like buzzing in your ear right now.
  He or she is buzzing in your ear.
  I'm getting sort of a telepathic communication.
  Can you be, is it like an unborn situation?  Like, can you be the keeper of something  that doesn't exist yet?  Well, you know, it might be, that's a good question.
  Am I getting a transmission from the spirit world,  or am I getting a transmission from the future?  I'm not actually sure.
  It could be either or.
  So yeah, I think-  Either way, you're keeping it together.
  And I appreciate you continuing to talk on the podcast  because your eyes have turned white  and you are foaming at the mouth.
  Yes, I am.
  I am foaming.
  Experiencing these celestial visions.
  But yeah, I'm managing while I'm foaming.
  Yeah, yeah, well, you're a broadcaster.
  Just see there's a little dab on your right cheeks  and just wipe that off.
  But otherwise- Doesn't bother me.
  Thank you, Lewis.
  I can't see that.
  So OC Vibe, which was, who knows what will be in it.
  And we can't cover it until we know what's in it.
  Maybe we just don't cover it.
  Maybe we just don't cover it at all.
  That seems impossible though.
  Yes, sorry.
  Well, we've got four years at least to negotiate.
  If not more.
  An analog- I think we'll compromise.
  I think you'll both be happy.
  In the result will likely be it'll never get built.
  I mean, you would have to think,  it seemed odd to me that at the height of this pandemic  that's hitting especially hard in the county  where they're announcing this,  like, guess what?  A new fucking mall.
  Which was also not yet doing so well  as we probably talked a little bit about  on the episode about Anaheim politics.
  The city needs some more money for problems.
  How do you think so?  Yes.
  I mean, it was just part of the thing of Disney.
  Like, why are they just handing money over to Disney  to build a bridge?  When it's a very, Anaheim's a pretty messed up place.
  But all the problems will be solved by OC Vibe,  which an Anaheim city council member  describes as LA live on steroids.
  What?  An actual politician used the term LA live on steroids.
  So LA live, I mean, LA live has like six restaurants.
  So you're telling me this place is gonna have  nine restaurants?  It sounds like steroids to me.
  Yes, it's an unnatural result.
  Really.
  That's really what that means.
  So yeah, it'll seem ridiculous.
  It'll just seem insane.
  Then maybe it'll be two Tony Romas.
  There'll be one at each end or two, or what's the other,  the Tom's Urban.
  There'll be a Tom's Urban,  but it'll be a bigger Tom's Urban.
  Oh, imagine a 10% bigger Tom's Urban.
  No, I just, I watched these vloggers  that like covered the Vegas casinos.
  And I remembered in the New York, New York casino,  like the outside area, there's like a Tom's Urban.
  And I was like, what is Tom's Urban?  It sounds like an algorithm designed restaurant.
  And now that I know there's also one at LA live,  it just reinforces my beliefs about this place.
  It feels like a restaurant, like a temp name  that you come up with when you're making the art  of a new shopping center.
  Like in the drawing that you do  to submit the plan to the city.
  And it's like, well, we can't leave that space blank.
  Let's just put random words in there.
  How about Tom's Urban?  And then it actually inspired a real restaurant.
  And the restaurant that I've been to twice is not good.
  You've been to Tom's Urban twice?  It's outside the Staples Center  if anyone doesn't know what we're talking about in LA.
  Yeah, are there any other,  wait, now I'm seeing it referred to as Tom's Watch Bar.
  Did they change the name?  Has Tom's Urban been changed to Tom's Watch Bar?  Tom's Watch Bar.
  A worse name, I would say.
  It's a terrible name.
  I think so.
  I think the, wait, okay.
  I'm now trying to figure out where all the other ones are.
  There's one at Mohegan Sun Casino.
  Maybe we gotta do a Tom's Urban episode.
  I think we do.
  Yeah, the website is now tomswatchbar.
com.
  Watch Bar?  What a shocking reveal mid episode.
  Tom's Urban is the first we've ever mentioned  at Tom's Urban and immediately it doesn't exist anymore.
  It's Tom's Watch Bar.
  Gee whiz, that's shocking to me.
  I would think that the keeper of LA Live  would have told us about that.
  But I guess not.
  Wait, no, you were talking to the keeper of OC Vibe,  I thought.
  Oh, I was, but I was saying I'm also in contact  with the keeper of LA Live and I'm surprised that  he or she didn't tell me about this change to Tom's Urban.
  Yeah, you also, you're on text threads  with all these mall spirits.
  Yeah, yeah, I have texts.
  There's 150 mall spirits on this text chain that I'm on.
  The keeper of the park, which is like the shopping  and eating complex that leads up to the park  and Vegas off of the strip.
  That's where the Vegas hockey team plays.
  Oh, right.
  I guess hockey, these guys are, it's all related.
  Yeah, usually hockey is right next door.
  There's so many, just Vegas.
  Like your thread has to include like seven Vegas  mall spirits.
  Yes, yeah, yeah, there's a variety.
  Do you know the names off hand?  Cause I'm forgetting some of them,  but do you know the actual official names  of some of these Vegas malls?  Is the park one called the park or is it,  does it have its own?  The park Vegas mall.
  The crystal shops at Aria.
  Yes, very good.
  Yeah, yeah.
  The park at the park Vegas.
  The fashion show mall, which is where Dive used to be.
  Another, the Facebook group reminded us of Dive.
  I think we really got to hit Dive, the submarine restaurant  which had as an investor,  Jeffrey Katzenberg of Quibi fame.
  What's the one at the, what's the planet Hollywood?  Yeah, that's a good question.
  Planet Hollywood.
  Miracle Mile shops.
  Miracle Mile shops.
  The Caesar shops or?  Caesar's Forum.
  The Forum, yeah.
  The shops at Caesar's Forum.
  Wait, is it an at or not?  The Forum shops at Caesar's,  which is not to be confused with the Colosseum,  which is one of the venues at Caesar's.
  That's a con, no, the Colosseum is concerts.
  The Forum is shops.
  Get it right.
  The Forum shops at Caesar's, is that right?  Forum shops at Caesar's,  which is known as the shopping wonder of the world.
  Is it really?  You know what?  We're pretending, we're being snarky about these names.
  I miss all of these fucking places.
  I cannot wait to go back to the strip.
  No much.
  Yeah.
  I mean, you say you cannot wait.
  Of course all of us will wait.
  We have to wait.
  I don't want to wait.
  I want to be there.
  I'm not an idiot, but I'm,  I miss these dumb places so much.
  I completely agree.
  I mean, we could go to them.
  We just might, you know, get sick.
  Die or murder others.
  Yeah.
  I do that.
  What do we know the mask policy at these shops?  Every one of them is no.
  Yeah, okay, got it.
  I actually was following this.
  It was like recommended early on at the casinos and complexes.
  And then Nevada, like a number of states said,  you gotta do the mass inside.
  Okay.
  Oh, they did?  Yeah.
  All right, this will be my last joke.
  And then we got back to the ducks.
  I would, I'm surprised there's not like a contingent  of anti-mask people who have some sort of funnel  that they like, I'm going to breathe in more air  to make a point.
  Like there's a, they have some sort of machine  that gives them double the oxygen from the air.
  So they walk around restaurants and stores  getting more in to prove.
  Yeah, how would that work?  Maybe it's, it's supported by your head.
  It's on top of your head, like a big, like Doc Brown  or Wayne Zelinski kind of hat.
  And it juts out at a bunch of points and it's a big fan.
  It's like you're a fan man, but instead of on your back,  it's up on top of your head and it's funneling  as much air as humanly possible.
  Right, so I'm going to breathe in four times the amount  of COVID air to prove to you libs.
  That I'm, that this is a hoax.
  Cause I, I don't deny that it exists.
  I know that there is COVID, but, but I'm not a pussy.
  I can handle it.
  So I'm going to breathe it in and spit it right back out.
  I am so strong.
  I got American lungs.
  If you, if you want to survive this thing,  you got to do lung pushups.
  There's only one way.
  If I was a conservative grifter, I would look into this.
  Yeah.
  If we have any conservative grifters that listen  to the Patreon, if they're behind the paywall,  I'll give that idea to you for free.
  The air amplifier.
  Like to prove that you are the toughest guy.
  The your baby just put us before us air, us amplifier.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
 US air.
  Oh, let anyone stop you from breathing American air.
  Sell them at your indoor standup shows that you're still  doing for some reason.
  Where's doing standup?  Like in Nashville, I think.
  He was doing standup and COVID-19.
  Don juniors girlfriend was doing  sign up in a log cabin, I think  And we'll edit any of this out.
  If any of these people pass away before this episode  comes out, you won't know.
  There could have been 10 names.
  We just added it out.
  Standup comedians who want to go with it.
  All right.
  The mighty ducks of Anaheim.
  I think we're not that far away,  I think for being able to just talk about  this wonderful pre-show.
  The strange thing about this is how quickly  it all came together.
  After Eisner got scammed by the coin thief,  there was only a matter of months  before the team was just playing.
  It was like, I don't know if I forget,  but it was something like February to September.
  It was way faster than teams usually start up.
  I thought it was weird that Disney,  I always thought Disney paid for the pond,  but they didn't.
  That was being built anyway.
  And again, in weird plunder situation,  the reason Anaheim just started building a stadium  was so that Santa Ana wouldn't build a stadium.
  They just started and they were like,  well, somebody is gonna come, the Clippers will move.
  And then they tried to get the Clippers to move  with another shit head owner, Donald Sterling,  one of the biggest monsters.
  And it was all set, like completely ready to go.
  The Clippers are going to play in Anaheim.
  And then he was just like,  nah, I don't wanna do a commute.
  That's a little far to drive.
  It's too far.
  I can't do that.
  That's my memory of his voice.
  What kind of mileage do you think this car gets?  It's too far.
  I get tired driving.
  Worst, the worst guy.
  And then that's all we can do.
  We can't quote anything else he ever said.
  Well, nothing else.
  Or we'll go to jail.
  No, yeah, yeah, that's true.
  Look at the testimony though.
  Look at the testimony where he goes on an insane tangent  and the lawyer says, sir, the question was,  is this your handwriting?  It is one of the funniest things I've ever seen.
  It is legitimate.
  It is disgusting.
  It is the filthiest thing I've ever seen.
  But the punchline is really something.
  They just need to lock him in a room with Sumner Redstone  and have them yell babble at each other  until they both die.
  Next week.
  Oh my God.
  Let that at this out if that's what happens.
  I think it could.
  You gotta think of the families.
  You gotta think of the Sterlings and the Redstones.
  Poor Sherry Redstone.
  You gotta think of the.
  These are our best.
  They're our best people, folks.
  So they're building this arena.
  There was just no plan.
  There was nothing they were gonna do with it.
  So thank God Disney swooped in.
  And also Weisner is like,  this will be wonderful for the city of Anaheim.
  And there's so much tie together that we can do.
  These people that are the players can come.
  They can do parades at Disneyland, which they did.
  There were big parades.
  Welcome the mighty ducks.
  Which Disneyland would have parades for,  the people who won the Super Bowl.
  It was maybe a little odd,  but like here's just a team.
  Here they come.
  They hadn't won anything.
  And in fact, there's this other thing.
  Let me do a screen share here.
  There's this wonderful interaction  between the mighty ducks and Disneyland,  which is this right here.
  There we go.
  I missed the share button.
  Do you guys see this pirate photo?  Oh my God.
 Yes.
  Whoa.
  This is the full lineup  of the inaugural season mighty ducks team.
  And it says mighty ducks set sail.
  And they are on board the deck of the Columbia  on the rivers of America at Disneyland.
  There's another little thing that says pirates of the pond.
  And they are all dressed as pirates.
  All of these hockey players are dressed as pirates  for some reason.
  Yeah.
 Is there any, I didn't, I missed this.
  Is there any explanation for why this exists?  No, I don't believe so.
  Cause what do they have to, yeah.
  There's like, isn't there another team called the pirates  or is that another sport?  Well, there's another, yeah, another sport.
  Yeah.
 I don't, I don't know.
  Why are the ducks pirates?  It doesn't make sense.
  Right.
 Why aren't they dressed as ducks?  Why don't they all have thick seats?  I would like that.
  All like in, as almost a nod to Belton John's famous.
  Yeah.
 That would be so good if they were all wearing  like Donald duck style costumes  and they were different members  of the duck family from Disney.
  And by that point, wasn't Donald's boat open at,  wait, yeah, wait a minute.
  Donald's boat was open at Toontown by this very point.
  Why didn't they go to the duck boat?  It looks like a duck.
  Yeah.
 It looks like a duck.
  And then they obviously, it was a Disney duck logo.
  It's weird.
  Maybe there was a negotiation  and they thought that that wasn't as good.
  That was too humiliating  because I think the players were fairly humiliated  by this photo from what I read, understandably.
  So, because these are not just to be clear  the kind of pirates that they are dressed as.
  It's not quite pirates of the Caribbean,  you know, beige and subdued.
  These are like, it's extremely medieval times  pirates dinner adventure vibe.
  It's bright purples and pinks and teals.
  These are like background people  in like a regional Peter Pan.
  Yes, a touring Peter Pan musical.
  This is not, these are not like cool looking pirates.
  These, yes, these people look like they're serving you  chicken at medieval times.
  More Coke, sir.
  Yorg.
  Or Borbiet Mountain Dew you be seeking.
  Something is missing, your shrimp kebabs.
  One of those, one front and center with an eye patch  and a skull and crossbone ad  and then one next to him with a parrot on his shoulder.
  Great.
  This is a delight.
  And then they're like hanging up in the,  what do you call when ships,  what do you call ship nets?  What are those goals?  Oh, that's a good question.
  I'm not a ship guy.
  Not a hockey guys, not ship guys.
  Which I knew.
  I wonder if Eisner's behind this  because there's another, there's photo ops.
  Eisner seems to like theme type photo ops.
  Because I don't know, you saw the,  probably in that one article that he insisted  on another photo op, not as impressive as this one, but.
  Was this here while I'm still screen sharing,  I'll just move to the, yes.
  Yes, okay.
  What we're looking at here is the launch of,  this was the announcement of the team name.
  This is Eisner proudly saying they will be  the mighty ducks of Anaheim.
  He's wearing a Jersey from the original Mighty Ducks film.
  The green one with kind of a cartoon duck on it.
  And he is with, one of these guys is Bruce McNall,  the coin thief.
  One of them is Jack Lindquist, the guy I mentioned,  who started the weird Hollywood restaurant.
  I forget who the fourth one is,  but they're all blowing into duck calls,  which was the thing of the ducks.
  They all look like they're,  it's in those little flutes that go,  brr.
  And Eisner is wearing a duck's Jersey,  and then a hat that looks like it was run over by a car.
  It's really crumpled, yeah.
  Which is one of the greatest things  about all the pictures of him is just sometimes like,  you just, you're so used to Eiger and it's like,  you imagine like they steam his shirts  before he comes out of the office.
  They steam his face, I think.
  Face, everything.
  It's like, he must have somebody following him around 24 seven,  making sure he's like camera ready.
  Eisner just looks like he just woke up, rolled out of bed.
  So he like slept on this hat and put it on,  and then went to this photo op.
  Not even sure it's their hat.
  I don't know, I can't quite see you, but.
  I can't, yeah, I don't think it is.
  It just says, it looks like an L on it, maybe.
  It looks like it just says LA.
  He bought this in Venice Pier.
  What a delight.
  He's the greatest.
  There's no,  you know that an episode is a topic for us  if there's a picture of Michael Eisner wearing something funny.
  There's just, we will get to it, guaranteed.
  So anyway, they pulled the team together shockingly quickly,  and they're up and ready to go.
  They were excited about a draft pick, I recall.
  There's a great video you can watch  that's like a kind of encapsulation of their inaugural season,  and Eisner's there at the draft,  like it's the movie Draft Day starring Grisham Newman.
  He's there.
  Yeah, they're taking the calls.
  Do we got Pau Gasol, I believe is the name today.
  Let me look that up to make sure I didn't.
  No, no, he's a basketball player.
  I'm a fucking idiot.
 Who's the.
  Wow.
  That is a name.
  I thought you were just asking, is that a name?  It is a name.
  No, it is not.
 God, it's like, oh, it's Paul Korea.
  I'm way the hell off.
  I'm so sorry.
  This is why it's not really a sports episode.
  I thought that the ducks drafted Pau Gasol.
  Well, that would be a big deal.
  A name I'm also probably butchering.
  I'm so sorry, everyone.
  Guys, the ship rope ladders, I looked it up.
  Colloquially, those are what are known as Jacob's Ladder.
  That's what a Jacob's Ladder.
  Where the term comes from.
  Yeah, it's used for a lot of different ladders.
  Like, I don't know that there's an official term, but yeah, it seems.
  And then there is a pilot ladder,  which I believe is for like climbing up the side of a ship.
  It seems like there's some wiggle room.
  Like a lot of stuff gets called it.
  Seems like there's a lot of meat on that ladder bone  for an episode about ship ladders.
  Well, ship ladders and like the carnival, like at carnivals,  you climb those ladders that swing you upside down to win a prize.
  What's that? Those are also referred to as Jacob's Ladder.
  Oh, man, those are impossible.
  And the toys, the wooden toys that are like wood blocks with cloth.
  Anyway, I so ladder themed ladders.
  Ladder talk is the episode.
  The ladders.
 Yeah, they're actually you know what?  There is a ladder coming up later in this episode.
  I just realized.
 So this is good.
  I'm actually I'm glad we called out our ladder love already at this point.
  So obviously, with my deep fuck ups of basketball and hockey information,  not qualified to talk about the games that they played or anything in that.
  But what we're really here to talk about is the way that they opened  the inaugural game.
  I was so delighted to click on this and like, oh, I bet they did something  with kind of a Disney touch.
 I bet they did something fun.
  It was so far beyond my expectation.
  So I was so excited.
  I think if you just look on YouTube for Mighty Ducks, inaugural game 1993,  you'll you'll find it or for a intro first ever game.
  And this is the thing that does seem to live in the hearts of Ducks fans.
  I think this is kind of legendary to them for both both good reasons and bad.
  But the initial initial thoughts before we take you through it  beat by beat, were you guys a fan?  Were you guys fans of this?  It's hard not to be a fan of this.
  It's I it went on forever, seemingly.
  It's so long.
 It's so long.
  It reminded me like, because obviously it's similar era to like  the Indiana Jones halftime Super Bowl show.
  The Super Bowl halftime show.
 Absolutely.
 Very, very.
  But it was it was honestly it was like a little bit more Disney.
  I was actually surprised at how how direct Disney it was.
  I was thinking, yeah, I do try to separate and give it its own identity  a little bit more.
  But no, absolutely not.
  This is a Disney property.
 There's a Disney team.
  I think it is.
  I think it was just done by the themed entertainment people at the parks.
  I think it was this is the phantasmic people putting this  hockey team intro on.
 Right.
  And you can it shows.
  I mean, they they threw so much at this.
  And I thought just to keep it orderly, I just kind of number  that the elements that I think make this thing really exciting.
  Number one, custom Disney animation.
  You know, there's animation at plenty of sports events,  but it's, you know, a little often more like the the the animations  when you get a strike in bowling.
  It's a little more rudimentary.
  It's meant to be played on a jumbo tour, especially in this era in the 90s.
  Or, you know, it's just it's basically  big hands telling you to clap like, but but but but but but but but but let's go.
  This is Disney.
  The animation is not going to be crappy in Jumbotron.
  They did like quality peak  Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin era animation for their intro,  which is called Victory Through Duck Power.
  It's intense.
 Yeah.
  It's really intense.
  What is the piece of music that is done to the end?  Done, done, done, done, done.
  That's what's playing, right?  Is it run of the Valkyries?  Flight of the Valkyries.
  I always thought it was flight, but then I looked it up  and it said it was like run of the Valkyries.
  But I was looking at the wrong thing.
  Yet another thing we're getting wrong in this episode.
  Oh, it's no, it's flight.
  I was like, there's a ride of the Valkyries and then flight of the Valkyries.
  So I was confused.
 It's like different pieces.
  It is a little piece of animation where there is a flying V  being formed by actual ducks in helmets.
  Very well produced.
  And they are all flying it.
  What is the what is the goalie like again?  He's like a he's a big scary.
  He looks like the Huns in Mulan, just kind of like a you don't see his face.
  Just like like very did they get the goalie is a Disney villain, essentially.
  Right.
 Just yes, very imposing.
  Yeah.
 And the name I found interesting that it's  and the ducks make sounds like World War Two dive bombers, essentially.
  And the name Victory Through Duck Power is clearly a reference  to victory through air power.
  The the actual Disney 1943 World War Two propaganda film.
  This is a genuine movie they made.
  I remember like I was I don't know a lot about it,  but I was reading how like Roosevelt watched it and it made it made him.
  It inspired him to do some bombing that he maybe wasn't going to do.
  Sorry, Dresden.
  Roosevelt saw a cartoon.
  My understanding of the Disney company is that these movies  like kept them in business.
  Oh, yeah.
 Oh, that's right, because they kind of gave the back lot over to  to troops to like military housing or something or operations or that's  they build bombs in the sound stages or I don't know about that, but I  well, I think that too.
  And then, yeah, all the anime because they stopped making full.
  They you know, there was no more Bambi Dumbo.
  It became these odd little right this.
  Yeah, I mean, it was a brand.
  It was like a state of the art campus.
  So they're like, yeah, we can house troops here and you  you can keep the lights on by making short propaganda movies  while all of your animators are in the trenches.
  So that's right.
 People left.
 Oh, my God.
  So you got to admire their little not Disney animation history here.
  One of the things that I mainly remember about victory through air power  is that I was I was really obsessed with the Disney.
  I mean, obviously, all these movies as a kid and we're growing up  in that golden age of being the beast and Aladdin and Lion King.
  I remember.
 Do you remember how when growing up, they used to  number the movies, they'd say, like the 26th Disney animated feature film.
  Yeah.
 And I was very numbers obsessed.
  Like, well, I got to know what the other ones were.
  OK, number two is Pinocchio.
  Number three is Fantasia or whatever that order is.
  And and then I and then I would get to like, so what's number 12?  Victory through air power.
  What's that?  Mom, can I rent victory through air power?  I don't think you can, Scott.
  I don't think that was a blockbuster.
  That counts.
 They counted.
  Really? Three through air power is one of the Disney animated classics.
  I think they stopped the numbers because it's unclear, like, is bolt  one of them is like what counts in the list anymore.
  Yeah.
 Is Planes Fire and Rescue the 76th Disney animated classic?  Now, that is a topic, honestly, we should look into.
  Planes Fire and Rescue.
  I don't know the universe.
  The list is going through the list.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I mean, making sure we because like there's so many odd.
  I still I can never remember.
  Have I seen Saludos Amigos or like, have I seen all of these?  I don't know that I have.
  I haven't seen all of them, I'm sure.
  Maybe cumulatively, because so many of them are shorts compiled together  to add up to a feature.
  So you may have seen the shorts without the context of the other shorts.
  Yeah.
 There's always those things like, oh, this is from that.
  Or this Ben Franklin Mouse cartoon is from one of these.
  I see.
 Yeah, that is what I.
  But where is it from?  Was it its own thing or was it in a movie?  That's a good question.
 I don't know.
  I don't recall.
  So anyways, you get a great car, great looking cartoon with dive bombing ducks.
  And then element number two that makes this pre show great Disney characters.
  And I and you guys know, but the listener, I bet if I gave you 100 chances,  you would not guess which Disney character opens up this hockey game.
  You might think Darkwing Duck.
  You might think Donald Duck.
  Screw.
 Yes.
  May you be doing Louie.
  There are many ducks to choose from.
  But instead, and I will do a little screen share.
  Here is how the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim  opened their their very first game.
  Steam hockey fans.
  It is with deepest pride and greatest pleasure  that we welcome you tonight to the pond.
  We invite you to relax and take your seat as the city of Anaheim,  the National Hockey League and the Mighty Ducks  celebrate a new era in sports entertainment.
  We are guests.
  We are guests.
  Yes, duck season has come.
  Yes, duck season has come.
  They chose.
  They chose the horny French candle  to kick off the Anaheim.
  This hockey, the ice hockey game will be started by a candle.
  If a man with flames for hands, it's a nod  to all the horny French Canadians that make up many hockey teams.
  It's it's it's a show of respect.
  Yes, any Montreal hockey game in this era would if the audience all like something,  it would just be it'd be five thousand people all going, oh, oh.
  And if they don't like something, they go, oh, oh, oh.
  That's no, that's bad.
  That's a ha ha ha boo.
  You don't want that.
 Oh, God.
  Oh, I.
 Yeah, this is so crazy.
  And dip on the.
  And then these, you know, these girls start singing.
  And these are like French maids with feather dusters  all skating around.
  And then Lumiere is also skating around.
  So he has skates on under his candle base.
  It's it's so delightful.
  But that leads immediately into a number three on my list  of what makes this thing great.
  Sexy ladies, because sure, they're French maids already.
  The sexiest type of lady.
  Yes, there is.
  We all dream of hiring a French mate.
  I don't understand this fantasy just narratively.
  Like, where do you get French maids from?  I don't know.
 I wouldn't know.
  I've never looked at it.
  I guess.
 Well, I see like ads on the street left out by shady trailers  that explain to me how I could get a French maid over.
  But that's a power made.
  Oh, yes.
 Yeah.
 Different area.
  These are not topless.
  Let me be clear.
  The dancers at this Disney game are not topless.
  They're clothed.
 Yeah.
  But they do do some stripping because after doing a wheel  and look at that frame,  it was like a leering loom.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Let me make sure I got it.
  OK, OK.
 Good.
  I'm going to make I made a screenshot sound.
  I don't know if you heard it on the zoom.
  So some dancing happens.
  But then it's not what you think, because guess what?  They weren't French maids at all.
 Check it out.
  And they're throwing the Frenchman up.
  And now they are.
  Now they're ice dancers in the dark colors.
  I like the ball of dual Laker girls.
  And that was the music.
  But the decoys get you there.
  OK, here's here's a here's a point I'd like to make here.
  They treat the reveal that the French maids are not French maids at all.
  They're just the ice dancers that will probably be at the games,  which is like their equivalent of cheerleaders.
  They treat it as if, oh, my God,  a bunch of like skaters that were dressed as like 80 year old  grandmas in housecoats through open their housecoats.
  Now they were wearing a French maid outfit.
  Like they just they're wearing a French maid outfit,  and then they just take that off and they reveal they're wearing like skating outfits.
  They're a different kind of sexy.
  But they're like, it's a normal skating outfit.
  This is nothing.
 And then like the music turns into like it's  it's like rat round and round or like a sunset strip.
  Poison.
 Yes.
  Poison.
 Well, let's not lose sight of the fact a poison ratified  be our guest.
 Right.
  Yes.
 The Alvin Menken song.
  They treat it as if like now the girls are naked.
 Yeah.
  And it's like they're just they're wearing skating outfits.
  You like Olympic skaters wear these outfits and it's fine.
  Like what is the big reveal?  Like leggings.
 It's still.
 Yeah.
  These are maybe four percent skimpier than what they already had.
  Regular skating outfits and what looks like men in jumpsuits like crash  test dummies.
 Oh, yes.
  Helmets on.
 Yeah.
 What?  I don't have a good descriptor for these.
  I mean, it's it's all very Starlight Express.
  They also kind of look like, you know, like sort of the I don't know  the correct term, but like pawns in Tron, you know, like these are the guys  who get defeated very easily in the light disc game.
  Yeah, they're they're soldiers for the master control program.
  But but in Duck Purple, they're yeah, they're meant to like kind of hide  a little bit.
  I think, yeah, yeah.
  And yeah, well, they're they have they have no identity.
  It's a very like soldier.
  You can't see their faces,  but then they're, you know, dancing with the girls.
  They're in spinning and doing kind of roller derby people.
  It's like big unitards basically, but like buff unitards,  like fake muscles like Hans and Franz muscles.
  That's very good.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  Very like clothy muscles,  glossy muscles.
  Let me see where we're at in the song, because I just I don't want to miss  the rock.
  We are guess Copperfield muscles.
  Yeah, he wears like a girdle or something.
  All right.
  Do the calls.
  Bad.
  You're on.
  Pass.
  There was some pyro in there, too, and I want to miss that, of course.
  And this all takes us.
  We're only two minutes in and all this has already happened.
  Be our guest is still a very fresh song in the Disney  hist and it's like a what, two years out at this point of beauty  and the beast coming out.
  Yeah, pretty recent.
 Yeah.
  And I it was so popular at the time and Oscar nominators,  you know, the big showstopper from them.
  But is it popular with hockey fans?  It's well, I think it was kind of popular with everyone.
  My my thing about this is that anytime hockey  games are especially funny when they play like, you know, that sort of like  gross, that the rat, the poison music, and they're like, check out these ladies  because it's so it's colder compared to other sporting venues.
  So everyone's in like sweatshirts and jeans.
  Everyone is super covered up because it's so icy and cold in the arena.
  But then also whenever like in the rare events that I'm in an ice rink,  I also like you get so sweaty quickly, too, because it's such physical.
  So it's this awful combo of super sweaty and it's super cold.
  Not not my favorite.
  I just remember friends who would play hockey would have to have this mass  of large bags and equipment  that were specifically left in like a garage  or the mudroom entryway on the side of a house, because it's just disgusting.
  Yeah, it's just so sweaty and gross.
  And like you can only wash so many parts of it in a machine.
  You have to wash the other stuff by hand.
  I the the Lumiere costume after this must have been toxic.
  Oh, God.
 Yeah.
  Black sludge inside.
  I bet I bet they got the Lumiere from the Disney and I show whoever does that.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's not a park.
  They didn't just cart over from Disneyland.
  I would guess that would be my because like you would have to really learn  how to skate wearing a Lumiere costume.
  Yeah, maybe they must have had somebody who'd done it already, probably.
  Right.
 I would think that they didn't just like porcelain,  like some poor eight dollar an hour employee.
  Hey, you over there, put your skates on your Lumiere.
  But they, you know, they did bring somebody over  from the park.
  And that brings us probably into what the bulk of this is going to be about.
  Really quick, just let me cruise through like this isn't even the half of the  the BR because then it kind of shifts from rock to now like you got a saxophone  in the mix, it's kind of Cassio.
  Now it's you know, now they have day glow things  like bounce for photography, bounce boards that are lit up green and purple.
  It's all like the snake sequence from Fantasmic.
  And at this point, and then they kind of skate in a line,  they do all the things you can do in skating.
  It's very Broadway.
  This is where I ask the question, you know, I said,  how do hockey fans feel about any of this?  I want to point out at this point that this is the very first game.
  And the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim are facing the Detroit Red Red Wings.
  And the Red Wings are well known for when they are victorious,  a dead octopus is thrown onto the rink.
  What? Yeah, they yes.
  They're just like someone I don't know if it's people in the crowd  or the team does it, but somebody brings just a squid.
  Not as I mean, and just like it's like bloody and gooey and just throws it on ice.
  It's very, very bizarre.
  The very bizarre inhumane thing, you might say.
  I never knew that.
 I just didn't know that.
  This is like as I started reading about all this stuff  and we said we were going to do this episode, I was like,  oh, I was just assumed the ducks were already there and then Disney bought them.
  Like this is so many revelations this episode.
  Yeah, no, like, I mean, it was sort of, yeah, they formed incredibly quickly,  as quickly as you could.
  And yeah, very designed by they even go out of their way to like Eisner says how,  you know, it was such a small thing.
  I didn't want to put a massive team on it.
  So there, you know, there were four or five people all picking the colors  and the logos and they just come meet in my office.
  We just kind of figured out and OK, I'll move on to the next thing.
  So it was so handpicked by Eisner.
  He really truly put it together.
  I want to say that the colors are the official colors are eggplant and jade,  which as I Google eggplant and jade, it's a very popular combo for wedding  seeming, like for tables and place settings as it should.
  I think it's a very appealing color combo.
  It's what the dancers here are wearing.
  But just all this to say a team from,  I mean, that's like one of the rowdier sports cities, I'd have to think.
  And they throw octopuses around.
  And now so there's got to be some Detroit people at this game.
  And now they are watching a Broadway musical with a dancing candle  and a saxophone rock be our guest.
  What are they thinking at this point?  And the team already is called the Mighty Ducks.
  I just like imagine the perception of the team.
  If you like or imagine how about this, actually, if you're in a crowded  Detroit sports bar in 1993 and you put on the game and this is what you see.
  Like you're throwing shit at the TV.
  You would think this would be a threat to traditional sports masculinity.
  I think it probably or just like it just made everybody go  crush this fucking team.
  This sucks.
  But yeah, we're like my butt, my any ducks.
  I didn't watch this as a child.
  I never I've, you know, two days ago is when I saw it the first time.
  And I was if I saw this when I was a kid, I'd be like hockey is awesome.
  Yeah.
 Oh, and now that's where I'm at.
 Let me be clear.
  I was with my head and I put myself on like a Detroit dude at the time.
  Yeah, for me, I'm like, I guess I like hockey now.
  But you would assume a lot of those stupid.
  What the hell is this shit?  And they're also like, like it is bizarre.
  It's a bizarre spectacle.
  Yeah, this mix of Broadway and ice and candles.
  But it is about to get more bizarre,  if you can imagine that, because now we're  almost four minutes into this thing and the dancers wrap up.
  And then you I don't want to get this.
  I think I remember where the sound cue plays.
  The dancers leave and out onto the ice rolls.
  What seems like very much like a star tours, a star speeder  is so much like original star tours.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  A real capsule.
  And it's I at first thought it was like a Zambo, like a themed Zamboni.
  But I don't think it is.
  Well, I figured out that it is something from the park.
  They did.
 They had this prop in the park and and they just moved it over.
  So it was like used in tomorrow land.
  So this was ready to go.
  And thankfully, I is ready.
  So this thing wheels out with no narration, no explanation of what's going on  until they land at center court or whatever rank.
  And and this happens.
  The mighty Iceman, the back pod opens up.
  Now, now we can't leave the listener hanging.
  Let's describe this.
  He this is the Iceman, the Iceman.
  And this is the Iceman.
  And this is the Iceman.
  The Iceman, the Iceman.
  The Iceman, I'll actually I'll steal a little bit from a just to keep it concise  from a newspaper article because there were multiple newspaper  articles about the Iceman.
  He's wearing glitter and thick white face paint, dark sunglasses  and a hat decorated with phony ice crystals.
  His jeans are bejeweled and so are his ice skates.
  He's also wearing red fingerless gloves.
  Just a watch, a regular watch, a red bandana.
  What's he carrying?  Is it a guitar? Yeah, it's a guitar.
  Headset microphone.
  Any other any any other ways?  Yes, very nice to a style.
  Any other ways you would like to describe the Iceman?  Yeah, the hat around the clasp of the cap.
  It says Iceman on it.
  Oh, yes.
 Yes.
  It says Iceman on the back.
  He looks a lot like original Mr.
  Freeze, not Arnold Schwarzenegger, mega budget Mr.
  Freeze, but like when it was who was the actor who played Mr.
  Freeze? There were three actors.
  Jesus.
 Otto Preminger.
  I'm going to Preminger.
  A famous one.
  Um, I know.
  Wait, the director, Otto Preminger.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  It was Mr.
  Freeze on Batman.
  Sometimes I don't.
  I can't think of the other two.
  I think I think it's two.
  It might be just one more.
  Very funny, because he was a maniac.
  So strange.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  So he said that kind of Mr.
  Freeze where it's just caked on white makeup, except they also gave him a wig.
  That's also that's the same because it's like white as ice.
  I mean, so it's like Mr.
  Freeze is really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really,  he's wearing a wig and a hat to cover up that he's bald.
  It's like a casual Mr.
  Freeze.
 The makeup kind of looks like he's doing he's like got a Halloween  costume snowmizer face or something.
  Yeah.
  Snowmizer from the old stop motion.
  He kind of looks like a like an Eisner, like a like a move with the headset,  like a like a 90s movie executive.
  He looks like he could be on the phone in a car in the late shift  TV movie, except he is completely white head to toe, not his hands, seemingly.
  They didn't get his hands.
  So let me keep playing some audio of of Iceman.
  Now he very hesitantly climbs up a ladder on the back of this odd  star speeder.
 He's having a lot of trouble.
  Well, he needs to make sure he's steady.
  Somebody scream.
  And the listener might recognize this as the plaintive anthem of  the hero of our decade, the Joker.
  But at the time, it was more of a sports thing.
  But a shitty version of it.
  He's not playing the guitar.
  No.
 Good point.
  He is just holding the guitar  and really slowly traveling on the star speeder, the lights of which are flashing  at the bottom.
  Hey, you are awesome.
  Most of what he said at this point is like, can you hear it?  You're awesome.
 Oh, OK.
  Awesome.
 It's nice.
  I feel more awesome for having watched this  once in a while on the show.
  We try to determine who is the worst character in the history of themed  entertainment.
 Previous candidates have included the Vacation Club  spokeswoman who lived at the Woodfield Mall, DVC.
  We have also talked about  the man from the future in the Millennium Celeb or for the past,  the man from the future past, Leonardo Columbus from Epcot's  Millennium Celebration.
  We don't talk about him enough.
  I know I really miss I smile really big every time Leonardo Columbus  comes up.
  Oh, wait, this came up because my baby had to wear a weird hat.
  Oh, yeah.
  I'm looking at a weird future man like Leonardo Columbus.
  And you said it was like a it was a prequel.
  It's it's Leo.
  Leo.
 Yeah, it's Leo.
  The young Leonardo Columbus Chronicles.
  While you're recording, you may as well make that show, Scott.
  I all I need is green fabric.
  He the baby likes to lie on fabrics already, and I have one.
  So if I just shoot him against that and that weird hat, I can make like a  10 episode Hercules, Xena style mini series.
  You can only in our Columbus.
  You can get a some good news level deal  during quarantine  with the news that the part of Leonardo Columbus will be played by another baby.
  You will not go to series, but Gardner Jr.
  will be he will be a producer on the project to do it.
  He wanted four episodes and he was out.
  He didn't expect to sell it.
  He didn't want to sell it, but that just sort of came up.
  My baby's been pumping iron to be in a in a CIA baby show.
  CIA more of his attention.
  CIA babies.
  We got we got to try and find a an ice man pin  so I can add it to my list.
  I've been watching DVC eBay auctions.
  There's not a lot of DVC merchandise.
  Wait, but there is any DVC merchandise.
  This is madness.
 Yeah, absolutely.
  Twenty and there and there was, as we discovered, Leonardo Columbus merch.
  Yes.
 Yeah, I think I have a watch on one of those two.
  I have bought in the stupidest shit during quarantine.
  Self-same.
 Well, I just bought off.
  But you know what credit to the Facebook group?  I bought something off the Facebook group,  which is they alerted me to that someone on eBay  had a plush toy of one of my favorite characters in fiction.
  Nim glue.
  These Tyler voiced caterpillar question  mark from the animated film epic.
  I'm Nim glue.
  My dream came true.
  I'm Nim glue.
  And now my me, Scott, my dream came true.
  I have I'm going to have Nim glue at home.
  You know, his name hasn't arrived yet.
  Nim has not arrived yet.
  I'm so excited.
  You know, I hope there's more on eBay because we're saying  and I bought you for your birthday, Mike, a Funko of Steven Tyler.
  And you previously had a Simpson Steven Tyler, is that correct?  That is correct.
 Here's.
 Oh, you got him.
  Just I have him right here.
  And he's right behind you.
  Yeah, behind you guys.
  Wow.
 He is right here.
  Oh, geez.
 Oh, it's so nice to see him in very.
  You can tell flaming mode.
  That's very clearly early 90s Steven Tyler.
  Darker hair.
 What makes it very good.
  So you got to get a Nim glue, too, so that we have we cover  every Steven Tyler toy available.
  Oh, yeah, for sure.
  I will get a Nim glue.
  And if I have to do some more searching for more Steven Tyler toys,  I have also bought a bunch of stupid things  that I will probably sell once quarantine is over.
  One of the only things you can do.
  Do you have a stupid thing to list or are you prepared to?  It's not as it's not as fun as yours.
  I bought 10 discounted Funko pops of the Fantastic Four that were four dollars each.
  Well, I have literally 10.
  I have like the whole set of the Fantastic Four sitting up here  up above Rex in my my room here.
  That's pretty good.
  Pretty good.
 That's legit.
  It's not fun and it's taking up so much space.
  We got a petition for or at least, you know, if anybody out there,  if anyone's an enterprising artist who could at least make like a Photoshop  approximation of these three characters as Funko's DVC,  the DVC, the DVC, the DVC lady, Leonardo Columbus, the Millennium Man.
  And why didn't I use that before the Millennium Man and this guy Ice Man,  who please, please, listener, look up Ice Man if you if you haven't already.
  I'm dying as I would love to see what a Funko of Ice Man looks like.
  Yeah, Ice Man is a maze.
  This is so weird and crappy.
  I hate.
 Oh, wait.
  You know what? I'm going to put this in my notes.
  I had a new idea for a final four, which is worst  themed IP.
 Oh, yeah.
  And this could be called the fail for.
  I'll commit to that right now.
  We have to we have to think of what how many 13 more, but I'm sure we can.
  Oh, I'm sure.
  Send us your suggestions for the fail for this.
  This might be too far out there, but and it was canceled.
  But Marvel Comics, now a subsidiary of Disney,  was going to put out a free comic book that encouraged young people  to go in the STEM fields that was sponsored by weapons manufacturer Raytheon.
  She says, Eddie, God, it got canceled because everyone's like,  this is gruesome.
 This is coolish.
  Wow.
 I think that can I don't know.
  We would have to expand it a little outside of theme parks.
  We'll see where the rules are.
  This is good, though.
  Worst themes, I character.
  This would be a lot of fun  for right now, just because there's a little bit here.
  I my reaction to so that I just meant does this for like two to three minutes.
  It goes and goes.
  He rides the star speeder around, does not play the guitar,  gets him to clap this.
 God, this goes and goes and goes.
  I'm I'm watching this and I'm like, whatever.
 Fine.
  This is not the best thing.
  This is pretty lame.
  But I can move on.
  I think it could take the the fail for.
 But whatever.
  Fans hated this.
  Fans were so mad.
  As I said, hockey fans are a little rowdier.
  There's some Detroit hockey fans here.
  They hate that they despise this.
  And the main thing that happens is the Iceman's appearance  is not just in this opening ceremony for the entire game.
  Iceman is running around the stands and trying to pump up the crowd.
  Come on, guys.
 Go, guys.
  Here you do it.
 Say, go, guys.
  And as this is all unfolding, the Ducks are eating shit.
  This is their first game.
  We're so excited to see the Ducks.
 Duck pride.
  They are slaughtered.
  Detroit wins seven to two.
  They were never up.
  So after all this, they were describing the Ducks lose so hard.
  And after the second period, the head of entertainment,  who coordinated this entire production we're talking about,  went up to him and was like, nope, get out of here.
  Shut it down.
 Leave the arena.
 You're done.
  And to be clear, Iceman was like supposed to be a full season affair.
  This was their mascot.
  Iceman is going to be hanging out.
  And and they pulled it halfway through the game.
  This was so like people hated this so much.
  There was so much anger in the aftermath of all this  that Disney wouldn't even reveal his name because the local press  wrote articles about this.
  And to keep the guys safe, they would not say what his name was.
  This is like Steve Bartman, Bartman, catching the cub spell ball.
  Like for security reasons, we must not reveal the true identity of Iceman.
  Apparently, the sound system was terrible,  so like he wasn't coming through most of the time.
  One local newspaper said he was a mascot who was more mass not.
  Oh, nice.
 Yeah.
  Always good.
 Those things.
  This man has since come forward to talk about his experience.
  I didn't write down his first name.
 His last name is McKelvey.
  And he was an entertainer in the Tomorrowland Terrace Band.
  This is like a Tomorrowland musician guy.
  And he worked at Disneyland before this, and he kept working at Disneyland after this.
  So that was part of it is like, I can't really talk about this or I don't want  anybody harassing me because I don't want to lose the Disneyland job  because I now have immediately lost this job.
  Like this could not have gone worse.
  After the game, he sat in his car and cried.
  Oh, my God.
  He says had not happened since he saw the movie E.
T.
  And for several years, when he drove past the pond, he would flip it off.
  Wow.
 The sad story of Iceman.
  This Iceman did not deserve this.
  This was not that bad.
  No, it was not that bad.
  I think I think they should have put a little bit more  the budget into Iceman's costume, but I don't know that that's that's not his fault.
  You're absolutely right.
  This is like with one trip to  iguanas, is that the name of the Kooky thrift store in Hollywood and Hollywood?  Yeah, you could easily you could if you spent a thousand dollars  instead of three hundred dollars, you could easily top the costume.
  This feels like they were scrambling 12 hours before.
  Yeah, what's the excuse here?  And then when the rest of it is so this full nice cause to nice  sets of costumes for the decoys.
  And then this guy just gets a fucking sparkle vest and they just like  cannon blast him with white face paint.
  I feel like they set him up to fail here.
  Absolutely.
 He did not have the tools he needed.
  And something else occurred to me about Iceman.
  I'm not always a person who likes to say Simpsons did it.
  But do you realize this is exactly dancing Homer?  Yeah, the early Simpsons episode where there's the beloved, the more the more produced  what way the goofball is he Shelby knows it's Springfield who's capital city.
  They have a city goofball.
  And then, you know, he's like a Homer's a charming mascot with kind of a homemade  costume.
 And all he does is dance around and the fans immediately hate him.
  And he's never brought back past the first game.
  Wow, you're right.
 Exactly.
  Dancing Homer.
 It's the same.
  Yeah.
 Exact arc mixed with that.
  This guy is also kind of a poochy in that you were told that he is cool  because he has a guitar and sunglasses and the fans immediately hate him  and have to issue a statement saying he will never return.
  So does Wild Wing come after him or is at the same time?  I don't understand.
  There is a costumed mascot, though.
  Jason, you're spoiling the big finale here.
  I apologize.
 I was legitimately confused.
  It's all.
 No, no, no.
 We are at the end of the we are at the end of the  run about about Iceman.
  And we're actually one like one frame away even.
  So let me keep playing.
 OK, because you're absolutely correct.
  This is what's so confusing is if this isn't is this not enough?  We already have the decoys.
  We already got Lumiere, then Iceman with his floating space ice ship.
  He's like he's set up to fail.
  And then like adding insults injury, there's a much better mascot  right around the corner.
  Here comes Wild Wing.
  The lights go dim.
  There is no light in the pond.
  Carmina, Berana plays and down from wires comes  a duck in a duck shaped hockey mask.
  Soaring through the pond like moving his arms like he's like  like a sorcerer's apprentice and like summoning things.
  He's God.
 Yes, he is.
  He is a newly a god.
 He just got god powers.
  This is this is so sinister.
  It's pretty I know it might be a wildling.
  Oh, and then behind him, a gigantic version of his hockey mask,  which is also the duck's logo, which is flashing red light.
  A scary color.
  This is like, yes, like hell fire is hell has come to earth.
  Is that phrase people you like if you might hear them say Wild  Wing, the original duck from hell.
  But this feels like he is from hell.
  Yeah, like Cerberus.
  Yeah, the dog.
  Just I saw both of these things and I just I guess my brain  could not process that they came back to back.
  It's so weird.
  It's a lot.
 It's a lot.
  I mean, that it is all unfolded over the course of like 12 minutes,  but it's taken us two hours to to process.
  And it's taken the city of Anaheim many decades to fully recover.
  They're getting there.
 They're figuring it out.
  I mean, I like now Wild Wing rule.
  This is great.
 This is this landing.
  Even though I'm afraid of them.
  He is a very aggressive mascot in general.
  Supposedly, this is what's truly bad is that they they they had the dancers  and they had Wild Wing.
  And then they thought, you know, is this all a little goofy and Disney and cheesy?  Do we maybe we need to add something for the guys?  What if we had like a rock guitar guy?  And that's why Iceman was drafted in.
  So ironically, Iceman was thrown in there for aggro hockey fans,  the people who immediately, you know, threw cans and spit on him.
  It's what you were talking about, the people that were watching before.
  They were assuming they'd be like, this is stupid.
  Wait a minute.
 Who is this cool guy?  I'm like, he likes rock music and he's a man with a penis like me.
  Yeah, hell yeah.
 We love the ducks now.
  The ducks rule.
 Iceman rules.
  Can you imagine having a beer with Iceman?  Man, first question I'd ask Iceman, like, hey, so is your rod  bright white, just like your face?  Come on, does the carpet match the drapes, dude?  Do you piss snow?  Iceman, do you piss snow?  Do you end up, is your pee ever so cold that it shoots out like an icicle  and it's stuck in your peel?  It is awesome.
  Cool.
 It rules to be Iceman.
  Are you a guitar strings icicles?  Is that why you don't play them?  Because if you touch them, they would break.
  Have you met Gary Glitter, Iceman?  Be serious.
 Be serious.
  Is he cool? That guy seems awesome.
  This being 1993, as far as I know, Gary Glitter is a solid earth  awesome dude with nothing shady going on.
  I'd love these.
 This is number two.
 I'd like to have a beer with.
  I'd like to put a million dollars on nothing bad ever coming out about Gary  Glitter right now.
  Good old boy.
 Just like me.
  A million dollars I got from selling coins to  Italian coins to a man.
  Man, I would pay so many Italian coins for Gary Glitter  to put out rock and roll part three.
  We're all waiting.
  Then then, by the way, is if just to stay in this machismo zone,  he lands and they start introducing the players, the first of which is  number 34, Ron Tugnut.
  One of the great names in history.
  And then I have to switch over to my other quick time window.
  Let me try to do this gracefully, because I have a better quality copy  of what plays when Wildwing lands.
  This song.
 I love this.
  Great.
 Great.
 OK, wonderful.
  And here we go.
 The Mighty Dex theme.
  You'll see them challenging the odds.
  Don't beat them.
 Power, mystery, crime.
  Unleash this danger on the ice.
  Me see the  the mighty dogs of America.
  Rock the pond.
  A scourge is going to a land that will die.
  Rock the pond.
  Do you know what those lyrics are?  A surge of what? That never dies?  Force? Oh, I think you're right.
  Yeah, I was like, I was like, it can't be a horse.
  It's not a horse.
 Oh, no, it's not.
  But I also thought maybe it was bolts, a surge of bolts that never dies.
  I wouldn't I wouldn't bet all my Italian coins on it,  but I think that I'm right.
  This song is really great.
  I I shared this with a friend of the show, Kyle Mooney,  who described this genre as we will rock you core.
  If you look up the theme song of the animated series  Pro Stars, which features with animated  Bo Jackson and Michael Jordan and Wayne Gretzky not doing their own voices.
  That also is a very boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
  If it's got if it's got boom, boom, chat and chanting, it's we will rock you.
  Bucky O'Hare theme also very similar.
  Really? I don't know that theme.
  Yeah, it's it's it's very another dimension.
  Another time and space.
  It's like very like and then it gets a little faster,  but it's a very like 80s ish.
  Pump up thing.
  I think a lot of you know, it's a lot like this also is the albums.
  Any music affiliated with Hulk Hogan?  Like there's that main one American.
  No, what's his name?  What's his Rick Derringer's America?  Real American.
 I'm a real American.
  Yeah, I am.
  Yeah.
 But do you we also why have we not done?  We really need to do an album about the Hulk rules by Hulk Hogan  and the wrestling boot band.
  Oh, God.
  Have you got waited? We talked about Hulk rules before.
  Oh, not really on the show.
  We may have talked about the pasta restaurant.
  Oh, we got pasta mania.
  I mean, I'm sure I mentioned Hogan's Beach.
  Can we?  Um, is there maybe just a Hulkamonth  where we do Hulkamania and the album and then whatever?  I mean, I'm a fan of Hogan knows best.
  I'm missing.
  I mean, Mike, you could probably tell me, you know, 20 more things.
  The racist sex tape.
  Oh, that's right.
  Maybe we don't want to say maybe.
  Yeah, maybe.
  I think too much sushi.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah, we can.
  We can.
 We know we were talking about doing a topic that we could touch upon.
  Yeah, that's probably good in that other that episode we delayed.
  Wait, which one?  What is it? Well, we I guess we don't want to ruin it.
  Yeah, we'll we were we were we were off the air.
  We were floating a different idea that we could touch upon, like Hogan's Beach  and pasta mania and stuff.
  OK, wait, I don't remember.
  Well, OK, good tease.
  Yes, I have an item.
  I have.
 There was some other stuff, too.
  Yeah, I have a good we have a physical item.
  And then it got and lockdown happened like a week or two after I I picked this up.
  And we have a big guest for it, too.
 Yeah.
  Why don't I?  This is funny to see if you can remember what we're talking about.
  Wait, the way.
  Oh, I think I know what you're.
  We were about to do it right before.
  We're about to do it with the guest in person.
  And then, yes.
 So that's a well, a movie star.
  Yes.
 Yeah, correct.
  Yeah, all right.
  Yeah, I got it.
 I got it.
  OK, so something adjacent to Hogan with a movie star.
  I know it would be nice if this happened.
  We won't celebrate Mr.
 Hogan for his  racism.
 Hey, thanks for remembering.
  I almost forgot.
  OK, so this yeah, this song continues.
  It involves the made up word triumphal  some point.
 Yeah.
  Triumphal.
  And then I got to play the end of the song.
  Here it is.
  Since when?  I'm lucky and free.
  And lucky and free.
  It's the ball.
  Rock the ball.
  Yes, I'm forced and never dies like the ball.
  Guys, rock the ball.
  Rock the pad.
  Now, that is all from a special you sent us.
  Yes.
 About the making of the Mighty Ducks.
  Yes, about their what the full inaugural season.
  And that's where you can see Michael Eisner at the draft table and everything.
  Yes.
 And that is one of the.
  The least.
  Did you use the term like no charisma?  Like everyone seems a little logy in that special.
  Everyone seems a little like they just ate a big plate of whole Kogan's  pasta media, like everyone's a little down.
  And it also features a lot of one of my least favorite looks in menswear,  which is full suit with a baseball cap.
  Full suit with a baseball cap is is one of the dorkiest things.
  So I'm sorry, Mr.
 Eisner.
  You you are I guess you are allowed to do it because you are a powerful man.
  But it looks so corny.
  David Stern, the king of it, NBA commissioner David Stern.
  Yeah.
 But it was always pretty dumb.
  Yes.
 You know, I wasn't even planning to play this, but I should.
  But I think because it's introduced by a guy  who's I think from a sponsor, some boring company, FHP.
  Oh, yeah.
 This is so much.
  If you if anyone seen my video sex offender shuffle from forever go,  it's like intro by a guy who's like very sedate.
  And we made this video to tell you.
  And it's it's a lot like this guy from FHP.
  Also proud to be the sponsor of the Mighty Ducks inaugural video.
  Now sit back and enjoy Defenders of the Pond.
  And then he puts his hand on a lever and moves it up.
  And in a really unnatural way to like, yeah.
  FHP is a health care company.
  So I'm sure they're awesome.
  Oh, I'm sure they've done good things.
  I'm sure if I don't, I think this was  it seems like this went defunct in 1995.
  It's yes.
  All right.
 They were they worked in Guam.
  I'm sure they're doing good work and go.
  But then I think they FHM, FHP became Compracare.
  And none of these exist anymore.
 Compracare.
  Compracare, which became Remington, a division of Remington rifles.
  That was Philadelphia where the Flyers play.
  They had built this stadium in the mid 90s and it changed.
  It has changed names so many times because it is sponsored by a bank.
  So it was the core state center that became the first union center,  which became the Wachovia Center, which is now the Wells Fargo Center.
  So every time a bank would get  absorbed by another bank, they would have to change the massive sign on the ice.
  It's to the dull at Wachovia.
  God, these.
 Yeah.
  I think there's a number in like first civic center of.
  I so the dullest names.
 Yeah.
  I and the dullest man, I like that so much.
  I there's so much great and like ancillary.
  I don't want to talk about this too much because I'll just post the clip on Twitter  because it'll play better there.
  But when you talk about very sedate guys, I also flipped through the.
  I was like, what did they do at intermission for this first Mighty Ducks game?  And there's like a skit, if you can call it that, where two of the Mighty Ducks  go have a relaxing day at Disneyland.
  And it is the most like dull, don't know where to look,  decker acting type like, OK, so well, you know, boy, it's been  it's been a rough and tumble season, doing all the training and doing weights.
  Now it's time to have a very relaxing day at Disneyland, a very relaxing ride.
  Teacups, that's we're going to go on now.
  And then they go on the teacups and like this was too much work,  actually had to turn teacups now feel sick.
  Now we got to do a different.
  Now we're going to go on a relaxing water ride.
  And then it cuts to them on the Matterhorn, which I guess says water at the end.
  Boy, I thought I was going to be relaxing.
  Water ride is end up being a scary roller coaster adventure.
  I wish we could do more relaxing.
  It's the dullest.
  I will post this entire film on Twitter.
  I am very delighted by it.
  Anyway, then they introduce all the players with so much pyro going on.
  And then the national anthem is performed by Melissa Etheridge.
  Wow.
 So much shit at this.
  This entire endeavor, this opening ceremony, I believe, cost half a million dollars.
  They really they super went all out.
  They wanted to make it a success and the results were mixed.
  Yeah, yeah.
  But, you know, a lot of things stuck around.
  Wild Wing, still the mascot to this day.
  People love Wild Wing.
  Iceman didn't work out very well.
  But, you know, there was recently an oral history of the founding of the Ducks  where they talked to Tim Ryan, the CEO of Honda Center,  who was like a lower rung guy at the time, who says,  I agree, this is what he said about Iceman.
  If you don't have a number of failed ideas, you're not trying hard enough.
  And I that I believe that in general, I think you got to throw shit at the wall  and see what sticks.
  I think if the world and the entertainment industry would be as risky  as the Mighty Ducks opening ceremony.
  I think that's right.
  I think they need to learn a lesson from the Mighty Ducks opening ceremony.
  I mean, I wish way more was like this.
  I truly.
  Yeah, I think we all speak for all three of us when I say  I wish the world was always like this.
 Yeah.
  Everything, every aspect on a different varying budgets.
  If you're opening up a retail store, I'd like some sort of long ceremony.
  I don't say they had one hundred dollars for it.
  What is that? What does the Iceman look like when the budget is slashed?  If you even worse.
  Yes, we want to have white sunglasses, I guess.
  Right.
 He would just have those sunglasses and he says he's the Iceman  and he's just pretending to play the guitar.
  And you're right.
  Every like the opening of a Marshall's should have original  IP characters stunts.
  Hey, everybody, meet Mr.
 Marshall.
  Well, then you need like just to add conflict.
  Maybe you need a Hamburglar type villain like the demarcializer.
  Oh, do you start this shut down Marshall's?  It's his nemesis, TJ Maxx.
  They actually name check the real  seeing TJ Maxx and he's this like evil shock of hair.
  His fingers are lightning.
  He looks like the Maxx, the comic book character Jason.
 Yeah.
  From the old.
 Yeah, that was animated on liquid television.
  Just very gruesome.
  Aeon Aeon Flux style kind of art.
  Yeah.
 So he comes out and like bad news, your ex  and puts his hands up in an X and that makes.
  I mean, I don't know how you do this practically.
  You know, maybe just like a then just like a bunch of streamers are thrown.
  From the expired Lindt truffles at him.
  And then the children who were there all need to say, we chant.
  We love Marshall's in order to  D Maxxify TJ Maxx.
  Yeah, I've sent you a picture of the Maxx, Scott, if you want to take.
  Oh, yes.
 Let me see.
  Let me see if I approve this design as also being a DJ.
  Oh, damn, geez.
 This guy's terrifying.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And you need to be to represent the threat that TJ Maxx poses to clearly  the good store and the battle of good and evil stores.
  Marshall's.
 Yeah.
 Everything should be like this.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, please.
  And I let me like  let me add one more kind of crazy thing to all this.
  I think I have this photo around this.
  This is really weird.
  I independently of the like back in March a long time ago,  I saw something on Twitter and I took a screenshot of it like that's cool  because it was so up my 80s,  you know, Tomorrowland Valley.
  And I OK.
  So it was a Twitter user named Attraction Faction.
  I'm having trouble finding it now, but  I it was a photo of a  Tomorrowland Space Band, not Halyx,  different Tomorrowland Space Band.
  Let me let me reprise how Halyx came up the first time a long time ago.
  Have you guys ever heard the word Transtar?  No, I will.
  I will leave you to just on your own.
  Just there might be like two results if you Google Disneyland Transtar.
  Actually, it's confusing because they just have a bus system now called Transtar.
  But look up Disneyland Transtar music.
  And what you will find is a different Tomorrowland Space Band, not Halyx.
  And they are performing in front of the Star Speeder  that brought Iceman out onto the ice at the inaugural game.
  Wow.
 I mean, this looks fucking awesome.
  I love Transtar.
  OK, I'm just getting pictures of trucks.
  Hold on.
  But one of the in one one of the results is a bus  that is called a Transtar on fire.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 Here they are.
  I was also going to say that  the word Transtar would make those traditional sports fans uncomfortable, too.
  It's a little it's a sniffy word for them.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 We go.
 Transtar.
 Yeah.
 You see them.
  Wow.
 Shit.
 I separately saw this on Twitter in March  and like, oh, my God, what is this? I've never heard a Transtar.
  And then months later, I'm watching this opening ceremony.
  Oh, my God.
 It's the same Star Speeder.
  Wow.
 Do we have to have you heard any audio? Is that is there anything exists?  I have not.
 And this is where I throw it to you.
  Listener, are you an enterprising documentarian  who can track down all of the audio of a different Tomorrowland space band  from the late 80s as opposed to the early 80s?  We got a HALIX documentary going.
  It's time to get a Transtar documentary going.
  Wow.
 Transtar.
 That's crazy.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It just goes and goes.
  And like more and Transtar, by the way, they are in silver jumpsuits.
  In some cases, one of them is playing like a future, like a sitar.
  And the other one's just playing a Casio, just playing keyboard.
  Yeah.
 And then they've got like a Paul Abdul type dancer  in like purple shorts, purple sparkly shorts.
  There's one photo that exists.
  And it's just on Pinterest, it looks like.
  Are you seeing another one, Scott?  I am not, although there is a  a video results Disneyland December 1990 part two.
  It's somebody's home movies.
  But they put Transtar in the tags, which makes me think that maybe  they have footage of Transtar.
  That might be the only existing video footage thing.
  Oh, my God.
 This video has a walk around Dick Tracy.
  What? It's a small world.
  Somebody.
 Oh, my God.
  And a walker at you guys, a walk around.
  Who's the it's not the Al Pacino villain.
  Let me let me just screen share.
  Face could be prune face here.
  Let me let me show you what villain is this flat top.
  Yeah, maybe flat top flat top.
  It's flat in the aesthetics.
  Yeah, we watched Dick Tracy a week ago.
  We I watched it during quarantine as well.
  What do you think?  I actually had never seen all of it.
  I never seen it.
  It's it's good.
 It's good.
  There's parts that bring me a lot of joy.
  Yeah, there's some really cool stuff.
  And then there's some stuff where I go, well, that's like,  like when he's beating the guy up in the shed at the end or the start.
  Excuse me.
  That's a very cool long shot.
  And that's creative with the way the background is.
  And then like there's other shots where you're like,  they just painted this wall red and yellow to make it look like a comic book.
  And it feels lazy.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  It feels oddly cheap at times, but so much great Pacino scenery.
  Chewing Pacino is fantastic.
  Oh, so much fun.
  I want to charge.
  Um, guys, this is video footage of Trance.
  I think we can do this.
  This is all this into a new episode.
  We're just.
 Yeah, yeah, that's right.
  Yeah, you just keep.
  All right.
 And now the Trance star episode begins.
  Welcome to the second gate here now.
  Trance star.
  They're playing Ghostbusters.
  Yes.
  What good results.
  Now, what I'm wondering is, is this ice man?  Because he's playing a guitar in his sunglasses and a hat.
  Oh, my God.
  What is this sound?  It's like it's a space.
  Space.
  Sorry, sorry.
  Let me take it.
  It's Christmas time at Disneyland.
  There's a party going on at the haunted man's Shan.
  We we just we got it.
  I know we got to.
  We're hitting two hours.
  Yeah.
 But guys, I guys, it's the space band  at Christmas doing Ghostbusters.
  This is a 30 minute long video, too.
  Well, no, it's just call it stops being part.
  Should we cut and just go?  I mean, we're going to have to do it right now, but I feel like we got it.
  I think we got it.
 We got it.
  We got this.
 Oh, my God.
  There's I can't see.
  Can you believe how much was here in the in the the opening ceremony  of the fucking hockey team?  We ended up there's like  I feel like we came up with seven episodes just within this one.
  This was a good harvest, gentlemen.
  Yeah, why?  I even I knew a lot of information, but I didn't even realize it was so rich  until we're here.
 We're sitting here two hours in.
  Fuck, boy, that just I didn't either.
  I knew I had a lot.
  I knew I had coin thieves and Iceman, but right.
  But an entire.
  Oh, boy.
  Maybe what we should do is whenever they're done with that Halyx documentary,  we should kind of let's talk about Halyx a little longer  and let's talk about Transtar.
 Sure.
  Yeah.
 Well, my question is, does Transtar have original songs?  Yeah.
 And I don't know.
  I don't know the answer to that.
  It seems like they're free styling over popular songs,  which is pretty I'm very intrigued.
  Yeah.
 Which which once again, I mean, that was a very bold  choice and solo over Ghostbusters.
  They really made it their own.
  Yes.
 So they're almost they're veering on original.
  Fuck, this is so good.
  So, well, hey, listeners, if you know anything about Transtar,  if you know someone in Transtar and if you want to just start  making your own documentary about Transtar, if you want to be the next  Matt Serrano, then have at it.
  And or Matt, do it if you if you want to be yourself again.
  But otherwise, we have to move on because I am I am spent.
  This was this was a lot.
  Boy, I feel as low energy as the crowd that Iceman is attempting to pump up.
  Can I throw one little fact that I thought was very funny?  Real quickly.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 The year after Disney sold the team,  they won the whole they won the.
  Perfect.
  It doesn't get better than that.
  Well, congratulations.
  And yeah, you know, I also can't not say the fact that  that Mighty Ducks, the mighty dogs of an Hime,  that they that song was then repurposed in D2,  the Mighty Ducks, but to broaden it out and because if you remember the story,  they had gone to say like it would not be Olympics, but an Olympics type  world event.
  They changed the lyrics to the mighty, the mighty dogs of America.
  Great.
 Unbelievable.
  Like a true life team, America, America.
  Fuck.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Incredible.
 So great job, Disney.
  Great job, America.
  Great job, listeners.
  You survived podcast, the ride Super Size Mighty Ducks Edition.
  I maybe should I re queue up that last,  maybe just one more taste of the song and we'll and we'll go out on that.
  Yeah, of course.
 All right.
 Let's let's do that.
  You'll first see the dynamic logo of FHP Healthcare.
  But this was great.
 And I got to say, I feel really triumphal.
  Thanks, everyone, for listening.
  Take us out.
 Anonymous singer.
  Fire in the rise.
  You'll see them challenging the odds.
  Don't beat them.
 Power is a crime.
  Unleash this danger on the eyes.
  Me say.
  The mighty dogs of America.
  A surge of wolves that never die.
  The mighty dogs of America.
  A surge of wolves that never die.
