 FOREVER!  DOG!  Welcome in to the final podcast the ride European vacation a podcast hosted by three alfs  I'm alf number one Scott Gardner joined by alf number two Mike Carlson  Hello, I am alf number two Mike Carlson and numbers love three days ago.
 Oh, no, sorry  Say what you want to say alf.
 I don't know.
 I was gonna ramble, you know, and then I was deciding that I really I should have said  Hey, it's alf number two or something.
 Which I should have I guess we all should have had the impressions in the pocket  Yeah, Jason.
 It's up to you what you want to do alf number three.
 Oh, hey, it's alf number three  Sounds good to me.
 I just did that to follow up on something that we said we were gonna do  In an episode over on the second gate if you haven't been following the the side episodes  This is the the side excursions  We did a really fun episode came out a couple days ago about the alf and gremlins ride  Did that with Joan Ford and that was a lot of fun.
 I guess we determined that  We are all more like alf and we are like gremlins.
 Yeah  Yeah, that was what we we are all more alf.
 Yeah, we feel we relate more to alf than the gremlins  We're not as crazy as the gremlins are but we're very low-key like alf is and sardonic.
 I would say  casual like sandwiches and  Hawaiian shirts  I mean, it's truly it's not even that much of a joke  No, not really accurate.
 It's not even if you okay, please go check out the episode  But if you're looking for a great runner around that point, I can't promise you that  I just wanted to make good on something we said we would do.
 I appreciate that  But yeah, I'd say it's barely a joke.
 Let's be honest.
 No, no, we're just you want to hear further  Elaboration of why we're more like alf and also to hear about a crazy ride  That thing is nuts.
 I'm glad we got to talk about it.
 But today we stay in the Western  Germany  Area, we just go a little bit south down to a very delightful place called Fantasia land  I would have my knee-jerk would have been to say Fantasia land, but I found a  fantastic  1891 video that takes you around the park that's hosted by a frightening orange monkey  I don't know if you guys met this right I did and is this an original character to that video or is there a  Fantasia land original character like I  Mean there are original characters and I I definitely definitely kept stumbling upon them.
 I didn't see him in any other  Context but he was oddly upgraded to being the host of this video  Really kind of a shoddy puppeteering job for being your host  I got a lot of my content out of this video and I recommend it  we'll post a link somewhere, but  Yes from that video.
 I found a song that taught me that it is not Fantasia land, but rather fun  Taz your land fontaz your land  Yeah, I really liked the song and I like the place a lot  You  How do you guys any overall before we get into it thoughts on Fantasia land?  Is it is it possible for reality itself to be oversaturated like reality to be HDR because this  This park is so there's so much detail  In what I have seen of this park in such a compact space, too  It's it's overwhelming  Like this this this park strikes me as like  It is weird.
 It is weird like some of the earlier ones we did but it is very full of substance  Like it feels very good  Yeah, yes, it feels it feels like just from looking at the website now the website  I think is probably the best website of any of the parks  We've examined through this European trip as far as making you go.
 This is a real place.
 This looks like it's a real  Destination but I will say the website even hides the mystery in the magic.
 I  Would say yeah, that's kind of true  We were talking about things that we discovered along the way that they did not put front and center as here's big things in this  Park almost as if they were trying to shove them into the basement like they were embarrassed of them and they should not be  Yeah, so I don't know what their rationale was for doing that  But when you look at the website always looks like pleasant and there's some roller coasters  But then you start going through the YouTube videos and you go.
 Oh they have this is some weird robot shit  This is they have it they really do I  I don't think that this is so much the case in  2020 but I think that there was a sweet spot in this park  Maybe in the early 90s, maybe if you went, you know in the right Venn diagram of a lot of these rides  I think you could have gone there in like 1992 and seen over 500 robots.
 I really think that is accurate  Which might be I think certainly there have been Disney parks with less robots than that  So you you really got to give him credit? Yes  And there's still there are still some robots.
 So am I totally wrong? Oh, no, they're definitely  There's an insane amount  In like 90s point in time, yeah, I think there was like tons of like pirates level  There's so many I know trying and shows as well  But my overall thought about this place  I think it's a it's a great place to be ending the European trip because I if I had to take a guess  Before we really looked into any of these places if we're gonna do a month full of Europe episodes.
 I thought we would find some  surprisingly charming  Parks full of oddities that reflect the European culture and spirit and I also thought we would find lots of weird shady  rip-offs of American rides and I and with Italy it was mostly the latter category  And then you know a lot of odd charm  I think in Popeye Village and Chessington and Pato and I think Fantasia land is the perfect blend of all of it  It's it's everything I thought we would find in Europe.
 Yeah, that's definitely some rip-offs here  Yeah, and still yeah, it's expensive rip-offs, but newer rip-offs as well in the last ten years  I found yeah, they're still in the in the rip-off game  Definitely though also some rides that I think predated  Rides we have in America  and and I also like  We'll view this on a case-by-case basis, and I don't want to put my views on to you guys  But I think whereas the movie but Park Italy  I think the  Fake Universal  Feeling it just it almost like made me a little mad in its  Exploitation it's just the brazenness of the rip-off and I I still like it  I would like to go there, but there's it doesn't feel as I don't know  It doesn't feel as exploitative the ripping off here.
 It just feels like I don't know we like these rides  It feels like if your dad and your uncle tried to build a pirates or a haunted mansion for you  Yeah, with with every bit of sweet intention that you could imagine  This is like you know when the Beatles do sergeant peppers  And then the Rolling Stones do that album where they're like wizards on the cover  And it's clear that they're like oh we want to do something weird, too  But you know they're talented as well  How could you be upset with  Another talented group of people doing a weird thing clearly influenced by the other set  Yes, yeah, you know they're hopping on a trend you know the basis, but but it's not just I  Think they might admit it they might admit we were inspired by this whereas the the modus operandi  In that Italy Park seemed like what are you talking about Universal Studios never heard of it?  Yeah, there's a different vibe, and there's a different.
 There's a craft at least to this  From like when I mean like King Kong is in fun Taz or was in Fantasia land  Still is still is yeah, I am cloudy on what's still there in places  I think I mostly know but I might get one wrong as we go okay.
 They have a map on their website, which is not  unlike the German stereotype the  Some of the stuff on the website is not very efficient like it's very detailed  There's a lot of layers to it  But yeah a lot of it is hidden and probably by this maybe by design to keep some mystery although even the Wikipedia  Page is not very thorough like it leaves out some big  attractions  Which they've yeah, they've had this this place feels a little more to me like a Disneyland or a Magic Kingdom where there's tons of  Little oddities everywhere it feels like a park of I could be wrong  Like 30 attractions where if you look to the website they kind of only feature the top five  Yeah, yes, I'm wondering.
 I mean we really again.
 We should really do our research  We should try to talk to PR.
 You know we should say what's your philosophy here behind this, but we don't do that yet  We're still a small operation, but I am so I am interested if that's part of the mission like let the wonder be  Experienced when you get here  Don't give it all away for free  Sure sure  well  Basics what do we know?  This this park was opened in 1967  There's two people were behind it one of them.
 I don't have the name handy  but another one was Richard Schmidt who was apparently a  prolific producer of puppet shows on German television, and I think his idea was very  In the spirit of what Disneyland was gonna be before it it evolved and grew  Where he wanted to house his puppet collection somewhere?  Yeah, and then also have some carnival rides or merry-go-round or something and you know a nice little afternoon place  For for European and German families, and it grew a lot  I think especially in the 80s it seems like this place had a boom which obviously increases its appeal to me  I think there feels like an inherent 80s-ness to it.
 You can really tell that's that's where it's it grew big time and came  Of it, so it was yeah, so he started it basically just as a puppet puppet storage area  puppet garage  Does don't is Jeff Dunham have a puppet garage oh  Man like J with cars obviously  I mean hit that theme park also if anybody has enough IP to  make a theme park out of I feel like if he  Took over the parking lot of the Venetian or wherever the hell he does Vegas shows  Oh my god did a little shady mini is this it's clearly a tradition.
 We know Richard Schmidt did it and  Sid Marty Croft did it for several months in Atlanta.
 Yeah, where's if if Dunham?  Like weird independent puppeteers have to try to do weird shady theme parks.
 Yes, don't um yeah up we have ideas  We'll help you out with this Dunham fader.
 You know oh, yeah  Terry's got a massive the chunk of is it treasure island or mirage  He has a giant theater.
 He has the Terry fader theater.
 It's the Terry fader theater  Yeah, yeah, so where's fader land?  Where's fader land and why is it people even know who Terry fader is offhand?  He's like one of the more generic looking  people who you would see  gigantic posters have in Las Vegas there are about  Thirty to fifty I feel like maybe this is a little high but thirty to fifty  Names that you would go to Vegas and go oh these are the biggest stars in the world  Because you see their posters so often and they all probably make  Twenty million dollars or more a year  They're all probably very rich Terry fader on that list  My newest my newest favorite is tape face.
 Oh  Tape face yeah the Australian  Prevords artist yes tape faces all everywhere  Yes  He said Harris heard of tape face.
 You call yourself a Vegas enthusiast  You don't know who tape face is I am shocked that I've missed to this.
 He's a Harris guy  New Zealand it's like a  Kind of silent comedy show or like he doesn't talk but he puts tape on his face and stuff  Never seen him.
 He might be he might be fantastic  I don't know I'm excited to see him whenever we're allowed to go back  Well, I guess we can go back now, but I don't think tape face is running shows not a lot running right now  Yeah, that was an early quarreled activity for me because I had been in Vegas not too long before  but when everything first locked down I was like  Hmm who who was sent best wishes to everyone has tape face yes tape face has said everyone stay safe  Well when you said activity I thought you were were you putting a bunch of tape on your face  Yeah, I was trying to putting tape on my face  I was making like alcohol slushies with a teaspoon of alcohol in them  Do you I do you think with the right  Positioning of tape on your face could that supplant a mask? Oh, that's good question if it's the right kind of tape  I do think that would probably be pretty effective.
 It also might be a  Effective at blocking any air coming in that might actually be the situation that the conservatives pretend  Is happening with a mask where it's restricting your airflow?  There's no way you're gonna pass out because you're being deprived of oxygen  Tape face actually would have that problem.
 He would have that problem  Yeah, the conservatives got an early peek at the Batman trailer where the Riddler is to keep the guys face up  This is what they're doing to us.
 It's like they're kidnapping us.
 Yeah, put tape on our face.
 We're all forced tape faces  We're all at the mercy of Dan Oh's the left are all Dan Oh's Dan Oh's world data  My  Last thought before we go right back to Germany is that what if tape face and bucket head teamed up?  Oh, could you imagine kid you could you imagine and his bucket?  Let's say is the bucket a good mask is the KFC bucket if you pulled it all the way down over your head?  Because he has a mask as well and a bucket  But maybe that's also effective  He has a witty as a mask too.
 Yeah, he has kind of like a weird Halloween  Blank like I forget what you call those.
 Yeah, Jabbawocke kind of yeah, Jabbawocke masks  I think hmm.
 I'd say maybe that more than the bucket  I'm concerned about the bottom of the bucket like it's the same thing as bandanas  I write we aren't covering that chin area, right?  So it's what's it's actually weird when you add it up how many masks there are in Vegas entertainer world.
 So who who needs  Extra masks the least is it the Jabbawocke's?  One of these guys maybe Terry fader has a routine where that's very disturbing.
 I think where they like  Force a person to be a living  Marionette  Like they'll get like dad from the audience and then like make him be a lady and  I  Feel like that's maybe a fully enveloping  Mask situation.
 So if Terry fader turns you into a lady puppet, then you don't need an extra mask.
 Okay  That's good to know  All right back to back to  fantaisie land, I  Also, just want to say this is in  An area that I'm very fond of because I lived here.
 I studied abroad in this neck of the woods  It's kind of between  Cologne and Bonn in  Germany, I lived in Dusseldorf.
 I studied abroad  There and my girlfriend at the time lived in Bonn and Cologne was a major city right in the middle so I did this  North South trip many many times.
 I really loved it around there loved living there for a while and  The only thing now is that I'm baffled why I did not ever learn about  Fantasia land why did nobody tell me it was as I've said the least theme parkie and therefore most regrettable  Time of my life, but I had plenty of opportunity to go to Fantasia land  I died I lived that I had so many days for you.
 I don't know why I didn't do it and I'm upset  You didn't even know was there  No idea.
 No Wow  Yeah, that's we all look life is full of regrets  And some of them will take to our deathbed and will never be able to make up for them  so  Maybe this is just one of them and you'll have to just learn to live with it  I mean I could still go to Fantasia land today, but I think there are rides that I missed that are closed  forever  I mean, I think that might have been my opportunity to go on Galaxy or on  I think race for Atlantis was still open and now I'll never be I I was in Vegas and the Star Trek thing was  Still going and I didn't do it soon  It's a tragedy because I love Star Trek and the whole thing looks all it looked awesome  I could have drank a quarks bar and I will regret it for the for as long as I live  Did every did everybody bail on theme parks in your college years? Is this consistent between the three of us? Well?  You know my quote-unquote study abroad was I did a semester in Los Angeles  So I went to theme parks a lot  To the point where my peers I think were concerned  How many times I went to Disneyland and Universal so that was interning issue on the universal lot  So could pretty much get in free, but it got in the that was the time of like by a day get the year for free  So like I was only there for three months  But I could go whatever I wanted and I I lived down the street like I lived around the corner from universal  So is this where you get your love of California Adventure 1.
0?  Probably yeah, I mean I that was like I did right before I  went back east and  We did I remember like just being baffled by it because we did it in like before lunch  We had done most of the attractions before noon  So like you're in you're freshly in Los Angeles and Anaheim  You're young and the world is ahead of you and anything is possible  You didn't know what?  Horror show Los Angeles would eventually turn out to be  And you're you're seeing the the the Sun when you come into Disney's California Adventure  You're like this is the greatest place I've ever been  You know I there was there was a lot of like MGM like  Photocopied signage essentially in the Hollywood part that was very comforting to me  Wow  Yeah, I understand our show assessment is a little odd to me that was do you mean just like this year?  Or did you consider it a horror show being in Los Angeles? Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No, I look I  Make a bit of fun.
 It was it hasn't been that bad.
 There's a lot of good stuff about it.
 Yeah  I love Los Angeles amazing city  But it certainly takes a couple of years to get used to and there's some real weirdness like every now  And I'm very good.
 I can spot it immediately where it's like someone it's like, uh, someone's yelling at a car  It's like up.
 There's a horse running down the street.
 No one around like these those little moments of Los Angeles weirdness  Know what you're talking about.
 What are you seeing a horse running a horse running down the street alone?  Yeah, yes  Well, I saw someone okay in the this is Burbank actually that I guess weirdness of Los Angeles County  I was cutting by the equestrian area in Burbank and  someone had clearly just gotten a runaway horse under control and  Then as I was driving down the street  I saw a German Shepherd walking in the lane in front of me and I'd like  Had I was like fought like trying to get this  Protect this dog and like a bunch of other people were to just a day in LA, you know  Was dr.
 Doolittle in town?  I think what had happened is someone's course got out of control and then their dog ran away  So they had to get them back one after the other which did happen, right?  But this doesn't seem like any way to encapsulate your  The experience of Los Angeles in general.
 This seems like one thing that happened  Okay, how about the other time where I got off the subway and Hollywood and a man in a trench coat?  But no shirt on lunged at me and yelled.
 I can't be alone anymore  Jesus  Yeah  Yeah  What do you think happened I think he just wanted a friend but it wasn't gonna be me  The next guy probably  Yeah  I'm glad he didn't show up after the horse and the dog  You again  He was riding on the horse  So anyways, yeah, I'm upset I missed upset I missed Fonthaziland  and  I don't know.
 I mean, I'm not sure where to get into it.
 I mean  I it really is just  There's there's an odd amount of attractions that just have a lot of  interesting odd culture to him  I mean like what one that might bear talking about right at the beginning  Good solid attractions is Taron this this roller coaster that went in in 2016  This came up on the show before because I threw it in as kind of a  Could this possibly make it into the fake rock?  Final four because I think the rock work is pretty strong on it  It didn't make it into the into the competition to 16, but if you google it, it looks  fantastic  This I feel is a ride that is absolutely  This I feel is a ride that is absolutely Disney and universal quality  It's a multi-launch roller coaster the fastest and longest multi-launch coaster at least when it opens that that might be Hagrid's now  But I mean this this ride seems legitimately fantastic  Yeah, it seems like I don't know if it seems like yeah  like a mix of like Hagrid's and Big Thunder or something like that where it's like it's not a  It's like not a ton of  Like I guess theming other than just like the mountains or the whatever you'd call these yeah, would they would they what are these things?  Are they?  My just rocks  Still it's an old Norse village is what it is.
 So is it is it kind of?  He has a cliff walls or  They aren't man-made right? I don't think so  I mean, I'm sure people are yelling if they know what this is.
 Yeah cliff walls might be right  Let's say cliff walls.
 I like that son of that  Yeah, but it's very much like  It's very much like you kind of puts it's enough stuff to make you feel like you're in a different spot  In addition to obviously what is a very cool thrill element with multi launches  Yeah, yeah, they have a lot of pretty sizable coasters here from like the big  coaster manufacturer B&M and they come a  Welcome I don't know how to say it Intamin  And they all seem to have very nice sets like yeah really puts to shame the American like  Yeah, put the steel pylons up and put a bunch of gravel underneath like just really make some of our American coasters  Look like shit.
 This is what yeah  This is what like a six flags either doesn't understand or doesn't give a shit about and it's probably the latter.
 It's like  Looking at this I don't think this costs as much as cars land costs or something like that  I'm sure it's a little more expensive than a regular coaster because you're putting up different little pieces of rock and stuff  But it makes so much difference  It's so different gives you a vibe and it makes you able to  Separate this from other coasters in your head  you know, this is the one with the rocks and the the rooftop and the the Norse theme and and it's  Yeah, a little a little more of it a little transformative experience  Yeah, and it makes like it makes it probably like 25 to 50 percent better of an experience  Like it is interesting like see a six flags is just like yeah, you're gonna get to see Valencia  When you get to the top, that's what you're gonna see  You're gonna see the see your car sometimes like make sure it hasn't been broken into you're gonna see your car plugged into a service  trailer  charging  Like mine was regular extension cord just an orange Home Depot extension cord  I'll see teens trying to steal the hubcaps off the car and you'll be able to shout at them, which is fun  Hey, hey, don't you the white car specifically, please don't  They look up  Give you the finger keep doing what they're doing.
 We talked a little bit of from Alton Towers the Wicker Man coaster  And it's another one where like obviously that's a big impressive thing  But it's not like it's some crazy ass robot  it's just like this big cool looking structure that gives it a vibe and it would be really nice if  Six-flags and other parks were just to like just put a little dressing a little set dressing.
 It goes a long way  Yeah, and just a theme just to let you know a little like hint of  This is kind of a ride where you go into the Old West or into Medieval times or whatever it like  Yeah, like the like the Riddler's Revenge coaster.
 It's like I like that coaster  I did it but like give us some of that Gotham that Batman forever  Architecture where like think like a big statue is holding the observatory up like this is your second  I think of the way no, it's I'm making Batman forever content  and I mean this I think is just your particular hang up is I  Love Batman forever.
 I meant forever land.
 I love Batman forever so much  And that this is one of those movies were like if if people were like would you are you interested in watching new movies?  Or would you just like to watch Batman forever all the time? I would say oh Batman forever.
 I think  Like I like if I had to choose never seeing Batman forever again or new movies  I might go Batman forever, and I'm very excited at the idea that there's a three-hour cut of Batman forever  That was just talked about that sitting, you know, yes, there's a there's possibly a full Schumacher  Three-hour cut of Batman forever that puts back in this deleted scenes where there's a giant practical bat that's haunting Val Kilmer  It's a much darker movie apparently that then those scenes are on YouTube.
 Oh  Okay, but yes this this this Taron released the Schumacher cut  Yeah, maybe that three-hour cut finally get some Leonard Cohen songs in there so we know  To take this seriously  Mm-hmm, I don't hear a sad song.
 I don't know whether this is a film or not  I mean kiss from a rose seal is  Seal is my Leonard Cohen  Taron  Also as Jason as you said really like all the legit all the best coaster makers have done something in  Phantasialand and this this one's by Intamin who later several years later built the Hagrid's coaster  And it's similar in a lot of ways it does  It's not the same level of you stop and do a little scene  There's no robots or anything, but it it feels a lot like  Hagrid's in that there's like there's kind of a downbeat and then you super speed up  They just do a little bit with lighting and fog and that kind of thing  But they I don't know this feels to me like  If you like the vibe of Hagrid's and you want more of it and maybe a more intense one because this one goes 72  Miles an hour I'd really like to go on this ride  But this would be more than pushing the amount of launch that I can be a queen of what is yeah  What is the speed of Hagrid's do you know offhand?  I don't know if I have that down  Like sounds like I think 55.
 Yeah, if rock and roller coaster is  That that's the fastest that I've done and that gets up to 57  So this would be intense, but it seems fun as hell it seems really really great  Yeah, and it looks like that like smooth fun crazy like as long as stuff is smooth.
 I can go pretty fast.
 I think  I'm with you.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I can't be I can't be shaken.
 I can't be feeling individual nails  Other awesome coasters there's something called black Mamba  Which I've seen described as the best inverted coaster in the world  It has 10 near misses there are 10 parts of the ride where if you're staring straight ahead  You feel like you're gonna slam into a wall or something and presumably you do not  Yeah, that sounds cool to his black Mamba the one that lifts you up into a building  So cuz maybe I'm not sure a couple of these go through buildings or tunnels and  Aesthetically like it's not like there's show scenes in it  But it does add like an interesting like oh, it's dark and then the next turn is a total surprise  But I feel like I kept seeing and passing that some of the designs of these coasters  The buildings or the walls act as sound dampeners because there are residences very close to this park  Yeah, extremely.
 It's in the town of Brule, which is pretty  Suburban like it I think this park was like a big boon to that city.
 Yeah, it seems very sleepy  Around there and yeah odd that there would be lots of coasters right next to homes  I think that really impacted  the ride  mystery castle  Which also seems like I guess in keeping with the rides  We've been talking about it seems like it's it's the bones of a ride, you know, very well  It's a drop tower, but in order to dampen screams, they do it inside  So it's and they and it's not all tower.
 It's not all riders around the same tower  They're like you're up against the wall.
 There's four walls and you know four separate, you know drops on either on all the sides  With a little bit of effects like there's lightning up at the top and you know  Kind of some music and some plottiness and the tower itself looks really scary from the outside  It looks like a prison or something  This seems great.
 It's like it's a ride that you know, but with 20% more effort in theming.
 It seems really cool  Yeah, almost the setup to dr.
 Doom's fearfall of like a pod my experiments, you know  Uh-huh, but we just yeah with a lot of inside neon or fake Tesla coil kind of thing and it a little bit goes a long way  That's the lesson for this park and for theming in general a little bit goes a long way  You don't have to go nuts, but I'm glad for times when they do  I guess in terms of  if we start transitioning from hey, that's a good amount of theming to  potentially confusing  theming  I one of the big headlines about fontazi land is a ride called Colorado Adventure  I'm feeling this is their direction you were going yeah  Colorado Adventure is a  Mine train type coaster.
 It's like Big Thunder.
 It's it's steel.
 So you're in a train and it's a madcap train adventure with some  Fake rocks.
 That's good  We understand what this is  but  After it opened and up until 2013  This ride was called Colorado Adventure the Michael Jackson thrill ride  Yes, I mean is this let me ask you this Scott.
 Is this why we're doing this park  It helps it really helps I mean hard for me to stay away from something  Something is that contains the Michael Jackson thrill ride that when when I first just saw the first two layers of the website and  And was on the second thing I looked at was Colorado Adventure I  Immediately was like is this all this park has because the website is such a smokescreen  Like like wait are we doing this because we're gonna talk about Colorado Adventure for half an hour  Nothing, but Colorado Adventure.
 I mean the thing is there's not a ton to talk about there is it with it  And I was because I was disappointed.
 I feel like I might have heard about this years ago  Oh really they named a ride after Michael.
 Okay, so then does he do the the pre-show video?  Or is it set to a Michael Jackson song?  No, none of this the theming is that it says the word Michael Jackson on the outside  And then otherwise is an old west thing.
 It's not even like there's stars or  Glitter like would be on his glove.
 It has absolutely nothing to do with Michael Jackson.
 Did you investigate?  I mean, I mean I know there's footage of him on the ride  Is this something where he just was on the ride one day and said I want I want it  I want to be on this ride.
 No, he was there  Didn't he oh did they not change the name at some point?  Do I have this wrong? Did it open as the Michael Jackson? I think well now I think it's they've dropped that but I  Think that was the opening.
 Yeah, that was the opening in the marketing for years  Yeah, and and by  It's a curious marketing strategy because you look at the sign and it's very not very far  I'm just imagine, you know  kind of rustic wooden sign for your roller coaster as this Colorado venture and then  Just kind of pasted on letters the Michael Jackson thrill ride the M looks bad  The M kind of looks like an N so it's a little crooked and it looks like Nikol Jackson  to me this feels like  They heard he was coming and threw it up really quickly to make him happy  Dirty get like get old Gus up there to  Bang some letters onto that sign.
 There are so many different like legends and confirmed stories of  like meetings Michael Jackson took like in the 90s and probably early 2000s like  Michael Jackson was gonna buy Marvel Comics.
 He had a meeting with Stan Lee and I just read Michael Jackson met with Laura Shuler Donner  To try to be professor X in the X-Men movie  Yes  That's in the big singer article.
 I think yes, that's true.
 Yes  So I wonder if this is just a weird meeting he had that actually  Like bore fruit like it was just like yeah  Whatever you want, I guess because it seems like most of these meetings are people leave confused exactly what Michael is looking for  Hey like anytime you read it's like yeah, he he was he thought that he could just  Like star in the men in black to movie was that right?  Like did he think he was gonna have a much bigger part  Did he think like agent M was gonna be the the climax of the film?  I think it was like is he gonna have his like name on the poster  Will he be in sequels like it just seems like any meeting he had people just left confused  And is this the one meeting where he was like, yeah, I want to have a ride and it's a choo-choo train and they were like  Okay, and then like that was done  Like this was the only weird meeting he had that worked and some really severe  Efficient German guy just said just put his name on the sign, right? It doesn't need to be more than that, right?  You're overthinking it.
 You got her to get it up in the next hour  He didn't develop it  Yeah, the footage of him riding it is very confusing because he has the hat he is like the  The moonwalker hat and then everyone else in the car  The train has clearly been given cowboy hats which they're waving like you do when you're like  Riding a horse or on a bucking bronco, you know that sort of thing  But he it looks like he just has his like the hat you associate with him and he's wearing it going up the lift hill  And then he takes it off and he holds it for a while  And then he tries to put it back on as the coasters picking up speed  He realized he has to hold it and it's just a lot of him taking the hat on it off  And then everyone else never tries to put their hat on they're like these are props and we're waving it is very confusing  Mm-hmm.
 Yes, did he not have object permanence? Does he did he not understand how things worked?  Well, I think we know for sure  Know how things know how things work.
 I think that is a hundred percent confirmed.
 Sure.
 Yes.
 Well, he thought he could you know  show his baby to a  Bunch of people outside his hotel without the baby tumbling seven stories to its death.
 Yes  He so he might not know hats fine  My question though is once they took his name off of it  Why didn't they replace it with another famous German celebrity like David Hasselhoff or elf?  Oh, yeah, yeah, this ride is just yet thrown to the gutter  Unbranded it's just some ordinary ride now who cares?  I don't know  Is there even a way is Foss Bender?  German I forget where he's from.
 I like that pronunciation is everyone just call some fast Bender, but you're right  If it is if he is it's obviously people don't say Foss.
 I don't think I've actually heard fast  But it's probably my correct pronunciation.
 Yeah, but it's all these American fast fast banner  That's how I say I'm assuming it's like Fantasia land  If he ever wanted to just brand this place entirely  Foss Bender land false false badder just rethemed everything after his films  Get all Prometheus.
 Oh, yeah  I  Yeah, I don't know  Yeah, this ride is now there's no owner  That's the thing I saw it one justification that people said this ride had been adopted by Michael Jackson  I don't like the sound of that  No, I can't say I do  The dream of anything being adopted by Michael Jackson, yeah  There's a  There's got to be a good story  About this coming together that we I don't know if maybe it's impossible to find maybe there's like one old man who worked for the company  That's like  85 and we have to like journey to Germany to meet him to learn what happened  But there's got to be some interesting weird story behind this somebody has it.
 Yeah, it's it's not public  It just makes no sense.
 They and they  Stopped calling it that in 2013 which implies that this was not a cancellation  This is not like they recently stripped it of the Michael Jackson's name.
 Did they just think like oh wait, he died  He's not coming back.
 Let's just we can take this confusing thing off now, can't we?  It's very possible.
 Yeah  But this isn't the only  celebrity tie-in to this park because  some friends of  Michael Jackson are also very associated with it  Who also have you know a lot of a lot of flair and sparkles and I refer of course to Siegfried and Roy  big Siegfried and Roy  presence over the years at this park  in 1987  For the 20th anniversary Siegfried and Roy started a tiger breeding program at Fontasia land  They basically recreated their setup at the Mirage like it like those the same  tiger  Territory same tiger tank.
 I don't know the phrase  Probably tiger tank.
 I prefer a tiger tank in your tank, you know  But yeah, they I don't know the super interesting to be around a lot around this time  There's no one more suited to be in a park called Fantasia land than Siegfried and Roy  Yeah, yeah big time and  Over the course of discovering that I found an odd little  rabbit hole  And I can't believe this rabbit hole in particular keeps going  So I was on a website that was in German  So I didn't understand the bulk of it, but there would be it was the timeline of the history of  Fantasia land and there was you know big keywords  Here's what we did this year, you know, just Millennium for 2000  And I kind of gave me the gist of what happened when and for when this happened in 1987  The timeline said in big golden letters  Sar modi  You guys know the word.
 Whoa, Sar modi  Audience if you didn't follow us over to the second gate  We did an episode where we watched every episode of the terrible series father of the pride the  Dreamworks animated series based on Siegfried and Roy and that had a character named  Sar modi played by Karl Reiner  RIP Roy Horn RIP  Also, we didn't do that episode very long ago and both Roy Horn and the voice of Sar modi Karl Reiner have sadly passed away  So  Yeah, Sar modi  Related to Fantasia land and I jumped out of my chair like oh no this word  Because also if you didn't hear that episode Sar modi is an incredibly unpleasant character all of the many  Homophobic moments in the series come out of Sar modi's mouth  So I was a little unnerved to see Sar modi's name again and I thought well did they breed a  Tiger here named Sar modi.
 What's the deal?  Why am I seeing this word again?  And then I found something that I can't believe the three of us didn't find in our previous father of the pride research  Do you guys know that Sar modi is an acronym? No, what?  Do you know what it can now just picture it in your mind?  And you guess what it what it might stand for at least what part of it might stand for?  Siegfried and Roy  Yep, you got it master  Masters of the  Impossible that's it  Modi means  Siegfried and Roy masters of the impossible whoa this you guys was their magic word  We don't know about Siegfried and Roy to have realized that they didn't say abracadabra.
 They said Sar modi.
 Oh my god  We look like such fools  We just left that hand there's one listener  This has been gnawing at them and they were hoping that the day would come where we would be shamed and that has happened  All of a sudden as if magic Sar modi we have been shamed.
 Oh my god  I mean we I I have not felt so embarrassed doing this that we don't know that much about Siegfried and Roy a topic  We should be experts on  Yeah, yeah, all three of us missed it and not only that that's not the only way that Sar modi has reared its head  In Siegfried and Roy world, it's not even the last time Sar modi has come up in an animated way  Oh my god guys turn your attention to  the shared screen on zoom  Where I'm horrified to say that there was another  Siegfried and Roy animated series this I was cold  Okay, okay, you did find this before her  No, I just it's all coming back to me from childhood  No, I didn't talk I don't think I've talked about this on the show  But go ahead.
 Yeah  This show is called the full thing.
 What's our modi means Siegfried and Roy masters of the impossible.
 Here's a little scene  The dust demons are swept from the hearth and the kindlings been set a place the mages sit by the fire  and recall a once magic world called  Sar modi a place of fairy queens and wishing wells of unicorns dragons potions and spells  so Sar modi is also  the magical kingdom that they  Protect and by the way in this series Siegfried and Roy are jacked  They all have they're like they seem like they're six foot seven and have very broad shoulders  They all look they both look essentially like  Batman the animated series like the proportions of that Bruce Wayne slash Batman that cartoon way better  Yeah, yes.
 Yes, only four episodes well way less successful oddly  Siegfried and Roy animated series, but there's two one sir Modi is their magical land and in the other one sir Modi is a  old cranky tiger who hates gay tigers  Yeah, I think the first one's better.
 I think the first series is better.
 Yeah.
 Wow, I gotta see that  What is the if you had to put a percentage on your individual desires to watch?  Every episode of this Siegfried and Roy animated show.
 What would your percentage be?  Rewatch in my case because I think I watched every episode I  I think that show was one of the ones so in like the the golden era of Saturday  I don't know if it's a golden era might be the Bronze Age  but like Saturday morning cartoons when we were kids were like Fox and the WB and even like  ABC NBC CBS we're starting to get in the game  They would usually start around 8 a.
m.
 9 a.
m  But then there would be weird syndicated ones that like 7 a.
m.
 And I think that's where it got  Dropped it felt kind of European that felt yeah  I would do like not me or it was a joint production with England or France or something  Well, there was and there was a lot of fantasy kind of whether there was a Pirates one.
 There was a Sinbad one  the Sinbad the sailor  And and I think because you know those are in the public domain.
 You just do whatever you want with pirates  It's in bad, you know, right, right  Well, what how much does anybody want to watch all the episodes of this?  Yeah, we did I would I would do this I would do it because it's everybody's over 50% I'm at like  4% I think you said four episodes and it feels like it's right in the sweet spot of when we were kids which makes me more  attracted to it  Like it's just a ripoff of an action show from the early 90s  Sure.
 Sure.
 So I'm I don't know.
 Oh  Well, I would watch one for sure and then I my percentage could change  Yeah, they would judge it judge it off of the pilot.
 Sure  It'd be less punishing either way.
 Yes, thanks to me.
 Yeah the other one  so  Anyway, yeah Siegfried and Roy they were there.
 They were in the park a lot seemingly  along with a guy named Hino I  Guess if you're if you're German or  If you grew up in Germany, I'm sure you know who Hino is I did I didn't previously  he's like a he's a blonde dude with perennial sunglasses and I  Don't know like the most one of the most successful German musicians of all time.
 All I know is when I looked up  Fantasia land on Getty editorial it see I think he was there once a month  I think I know had an apartment at Fantasia land.
 Was he the that perfume guy that was always an Epcot Center  You know wait, what's that again? What's that guy's name? Oh, right?  Yeah, I got a look at people are yelling right now because he's always there  The your way, I mean gear net gear Ness.
 Thank you, Jason  The Norwegian fragrance man.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, he's like always he's like signing once a day  He's like number one there Mickey Thomas is in Epcot probably the second most out of the year from  Starship  Do they all get their own episodes then I guess  I think people would be very excited about the gear Weiss episode if you're a weird world showcase  Person I think for sure  I  And one thing maybe this maybe I can kick it over to Jason with this.
 I do know that  while Roy was still relatively with it that they  They went I believe to the premiere of this big dinner show that is a a tentpole  Event that's a must-see at Fantasia land and we were arguing about the pronunciation  Now I don't remember the name at all.
 Would you like to give it a go?  I think I saw it read as  This is a dinner show, right  Fantasima  fan yeah  Fantasium fun to I would guess fantastic.
 Oh, but it's spelled F a n t  like not F a  pH a  NT like it  It's it's got the F.
 It doesn't have the pH  And it looks very  Weird it looks like the entertainment before an eyes wide shut sort of situation  like I  Don't know here.
 Let me screen share.
 I mean  if you have seen like the  If you have seen the guys can you see these guys these guys in blue  with the hands  Yeah, they look like in in pitch perfect to the bad guys the German bad guys from that  and then there's like like  Like computer guys like heisty guys have with goggles and stuff  These are just some of the seeds that you can see online  It looks like 15 different cults have gathered to each perform their own musical number  Like it's a there's a variety of different weird little numbers that are all creepy in their own way  Yeah, I don't understand how you get from one to the other those images you just showed  Seem like two completely different shows.
 I'd be very curious how they bridge it and some of it looks like  Thunder from Down Under some of it is just like jacked guys  Like mm-hmm dancing for you.
 It's it's interesting.
 It's a real variety show  I'll say from the look of it.
 You get a lot of different types.
 Yeah, you get your like  weird auto erotic asphyxiation Starlight Express  You get your hunks you get your like ribbon dancers you get your acrobats and you get a  Supposedly a decent dinner as well.
 It's a dinner show.
 Yeah  I  Was looking at so I'm showing the guy like two photos from this show  But there's like six more photos that again look very much like they're from totally different shows all in a row on this website  and  The other thing that that feels very like the European kind of weirdness  The other thing that's kind of weird on the website kind of related to this is some of the verbiage  Like did you guys come across celebrate?  Which is like the word celebrate but it's spelled CEL EBR colon  EAT  Celebrate and the location known as  Musartium the word museum with the word art shoved in the middle  There's so bad I can't believe they aren't going into Orange County  In a couple years or it's a late period Prince album  Use artium  Yeah, that sounds like it it's a it's 46 minutes of jazz art and oh well he doesn't sing once  artificial age  Which was a pretty good album honestly you late period no that's on the better end.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, he got out of the  The nose dive I think but it was rough around  97 or so third eye girl album not as good though  Hmm, but artificial age pretty good  Yeah, yeah, yeah  Can I read some reviews real quick please the show yeah? Yeah? Yeah?  So I mean I think this is actually a pretty popular show and then look just for the sake of comedy  I found some bad reviews because isn't this fun  I'm not trying to say it's a bad show  I'm just let's this I was amused by the way this person wrote so I translated this  It says this person's talking about going to the show approximately an hour before the show the actual auditorium which exudes the charm of an  Unrenovated train station and which also smells like that in some places of nicotine and urine to be precise  opens  With and then this is just a great  Translation with a little less with a little less luck you come across a kind of bouncer who asks for the table number and  Does not use any manners  Most bouncers should be friendlier  We had booked the second most expensive price category by telephone because the most expensive was already booked  Our table was at the maximum distance from the stage ie at the opposite end of the station hall as is typical for a train  Station it drew which I assume smelled like pike soup, and it smelled either of smoke or toilet  Pike soup me I don't know I don't know that's just  Yeah, that might be a but I like maybe it's like a  Because what's a pike is that like like a dock? I'm thinking of like see yeah, they're a pike place right?  Yeah, I know is it like  ground up  coffee beans ground up into a soup  Yeah, I I hope pike soup is real  I should really you know just google it and let's see if it's a translation or if it's just  Oddly the ultimate phrase in Germany pike soup is real  It's a real soup  Pike oh, it's like an edible soup.
 Oh, yeah, wait a day pike soup doesn't look too bad  Yeah, maybe pike soup is good, so it's either it either smells like pike soup smoke or toilet  This reminds me I didn't get the chance to bring this up on the Chesington episode  But I found a review of the hotels at Chesington is very complimentary  But it kept mentioning the detail that it's like came down here on a trip with my niece  And it just kept saying trip with my niece a lot and I was like that is I  Don't think I ever went on a trip with an aunt or uncle  Do you think that's actually what was happening or that person was like with a young girlfriend and they were trying to deflect?  That was like a smoke screen.
 Yeah  That's also  Yeah, it seems  Something seemed up.
 He was 55.
 He's dating a 23 year old.
 He's like it's my niece.
 This is my niece  It's my niece nothing weird  Just a 50 year old uncle and a 20 year old niece.
 That's right  Those ages are possible that's something that's sometimes the age separation and that's the case here with me and my niece  Did I mention my fun trip with my niece? Yeah, my niece  It's Europe he's going to the park announcing that to everybody  He's like yeah, we'll have the pasta.
 I'll have a pasta and then my niece over here.
 What will you have nice nice?  Would you explain your order to the waiter?  How many in your party? Well, let me see.
 It's me and my niece.
 So that'd be two  I guess that'd be two one two, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, be two two is my niece who will be checking into the hotel  Yes, yes, my niece and I will be checking into the hotel.
 Isn't that right? Is that hey?  Let me just make sure my niece hears me.
 Hey niece  niece  See what she is she waved when she heard she responded she heard she waved and responded.
 So yes, a hundred percent nice  So just a separate beds separate beds one uncle one niece  You never sleep in the bed with your niece it's the uncle niece  Yeah, I got the uncle nice package at the hotel just wanted to make sure holiday.
 It's a short break a short break  short break for an uncle and a niece  I  Can I can I talk about some other shows  Run across and this is what I'm talking about that.
 I think these are I think a lot of these are gone now  but there was a time where I  think you could have seen hundreds and hundreds of of animatronics and  you know, maybe we'll start heading into the truly rip off the zone of  Phantasialand because they have a lot of things that are  Pretty country bear s pretty  Enchantique room s guess I videos where it is a bunch of flowers descending from the ceiling or like a  animatronic character on a swing  And I when all these were open at once.
 I mean, this is peak animatronic maybe  anywhere in the world  I'm just gonna flip through some for you guys  This was these guys were open maybe they were going maybe in the 70s.
 This is pretty old-school  The this is a family of there's a family monkey band there.
 They're called deep deep  My what I want to say climb bin ski and I say climb because maybe is it climb because they're  Monkeys and monkeys climb.
 Oh, that's a get wrong though.
 I'm not sure but yeah, we got a monkey banner like homemade instruments  It was banjo and accordion.
 I mean, this is really country bear s.
 Oh, yeah  If you keep going down, there's this other one.
 I think the name of this is La Scala  I could be wrong though, but here's some like  Showgirl gophers there's tons of animals in this show, but a lot of them are  Gophers and gophers with full  human female  proportions often very scantily clad kind of like it's this is in this case, they look very  You know Brazilian dancer, I guess big headdresses and kind of sparkly bras  You got kind of a Miss Piggy, but way taller in an elegant gown  Here you've got out there.
 He looks like another character, of course  The king yes, this is the king.
 We've talked about the it was he a rocker fire  Cast away somewhere in Chuck E.
 Cheese world.
 There is a an Elvis dog  Is this a dog he there's he like a mountain lion? What is he this character looks like a lion?  Yeah, I think  But anyway, these are these were all in the park at the same time and then let me show you one more of these  Sexy gophers.
 I don't I don't feel great about this one.
 This is very  Can-can like Mulan Rouge  Hey Velco  Here's what okay, so obviously we know now I'm completely comfortable with any kind of sexuality now  It's no you were at the end of the series  You've made the full transformation fully comfortable with every anything.
 We're almost anything  I will say though.
 Let me let me approach this from where I would have been a month ago  This half gopher half lady has like realistic skin  Yeah, very smooth.
 She's wearing furry like a bikini and she has a female human female body  with no fur  realistic skin  very like in a real like cabaret like kind of sexy pose and if I had  Hostile eggs you can't see in this current view  I know that she is wearing bottoms, but you can't see them in this in this view that I'm showing  And if I hadn't gone through all this character development, I would think this is creepy as hell  But but in but currently  I love it.
 I love that this sexy lady gopher is out there doing her thing  Celebrating herself and her body.
 I'm so comfortable with this now, but a month ago  I would say whoever built this has some issues  Would you?  So would you hit this?  Look  Would I if you're asking would I make love to this half gopher half woman?  Let me I'd really need to break this down from an exercise is this an actual just gopher or is this truly half woman half gopher?  You know what I'm saying like I think that might actually play into it because if it's like a  Woman with a little gopher then that's that seems perhaps ethical  But if it's just a gopher that's like sexy, I don't think I don't think that's him  I don't think that's ethical at all  Well, she's singing which is something that people can't do or perhaps already people can do I had a reverse people could certainly sing  Gophers typically cannot so her having the will to sing  Implies that she is more human and has more of a human brain because of like it's just like a lady who went to a dr  Moreau island and got a gopher face  Then I'm like, yeah, let's go.
 Let's hit the town like you'll you'll take a nice break  You'll take a short break with a niece with her, you know  This is just my gopher niece  my niece  This is just my niece who's a gopher lady  Very common a lot of people have nieces on people have nieces who are half gopher  Yeah, so I think I think we would have to fully understand what's going on here  But if it's a doctor island of dr.
 Moreau situation that I think I'm on board  So  you would need some kind of  What's the the 23 and me with like you need?  Ancestry DNA sort of thing to find out what percentage gopher is it some percentage?  It's at least five if this sexy gopher would swab her cheek and send it away  Then I could understand exactly what's going on here if she was for instance just a  Lady gopher a real gopher that was maybe like came in contact with some sort of wizard and the wizard changed the gopher just into  This giant lady version then it's no way  Absolutely not that is just a gopher that was enchanted by a wizard and I will not take this gopher on a date  That is if it was a wizard involvement.
 No way  I am this you're implying a scenario where  This gopher woman is I mean, I don't know this for sure  But it seems like this is gonna take a while to do all this stuff  It seems like she's willing to wait for you  Well, he's into you and she whatever it takes if this all plays out over three months if it means  Making sweet love to newly  Liberated the European Mike and it's worth it.
 Look I I appreciate her way  Waiting for me and I think she'll actually  Respects that I want to take the time to figure out what's going on here  so  This were all a monologue, you know boys to men kind of you know, like this would you you're laying out all the steps  girl  Let's I want to make love but first it's got to be right.
 Let me just get a swab girl  Let me get a swab of that girl.
 Let me see how much gopher you are  What's the percentage was there a mad scientist that worked on a lady and made her have a gopher face if that's the case  Then I'm in but I have to know for sure girl  I've been dreaming about you ever since I saw you sitting on a carousel horse in that German  Cabaret show.
 Oh, but here's the thing if a wizard was involved.
 I'm out no offense  We can have our fantasies, but we can't make them reality  if a wizard involved  Girl, you just took a DNA test turns out it's a hundred percent gopher.
 So that deal is off  100% that gopher  Go scurry away to your hole  You don't belong up here above the soil it was nice to meet you though.
 Well, I will always have the fantasy though  Here have some kibbles  Put some caterpillars in your hole for you.
 Have a nice day long.
 It's just about feeding caterpillars to a gopher  the  These strangest slow jam ever recorded  So you can see that there used to be able to  Yeah years ago.
 Um, do you guys have any?  any favorites  Legacy attractions stumbled across Oh legacy.
 Oh, okay  Well from any time well any just want Ozzy land favorites the one thing immediately that I'm  Excited about is mouse or shock a lot.
 Yeah  yeah  which is we I made reference to this, you know, this is a  Ripoff of the ride vehicle from Toy Story Midway Mania  It's the exact same  double-sided the way the  The little podiums whatever you want to call it the little front part and the little the weapon lower down on dia  There's a little ball and a pole on the back of it and you shoot at a 3d screen and instead of it  Just being these weird little cannons on Toy Story.
 It's like  What do you call these things the the frosting question?  They stress  Pastry bags full which I as a child I always was very fascinated and by these pastry bags  I would imagine Jason you as well  Mm-hmm.
 You can make them folks  You can make them real easy at home if you got ziploc bags  You just cut one of the corners off you got your own homemade pastry bag right there.
 Have you done it? I  Had to do it for like yeah with some school projects, I think  Hmm I did it cuz it was also a way to like do it he said or like decorative like  Paints and stuff the same idea.
 Yeah  So you kept it around at home you just you fill it up with frosting once a month and oh after school snack, too  You know those AP classes you need that sugar boost  This will this ride and I don't know I don't know if this is accurate reminded me of like Mouse Hunt the Nathan Lane movie  Yeah, they're like just because it's about mice but something about the sort of surreal  Aesthetic of it as well cuz like you the 3d  Film element is that you're shooting at like mice that are trying to eat sweets and  You fight them by squirting more chocolate at them, right?  Which seems like questionable like you would only enticing them to stay they want that chocolate  So the logic of this side they seem to just  From the events of the ride they seem to just fight back like it like Jason prepping for an AP test  It only makes them stronger, right?  The graphics not as good as Toy Story Midway mania.
 No  But there's a style to it and I don't hate I don't hate it.
 I don't think it looks horrible  It's fun  There's a very fun little pre-show with a CGI kind of eggy man with a curly q mustache  and then he transitions into live-action and  He's got a big fake Santa belly  So when he sits in the vehicle and tries to pull the thing down in front of him  He has a little bit of trouble has a little trouble squeezing in there.
 There's a lot of whim Z  There's like the office.
 There's the office section, which is fun  with like a  tired owner of the I  Guess is that what he is? Do you know I'm talking about?  Wait, what is is?  Is this a  Kitchen or a restaurant that's being taken over by these mice and is he the owner of that?  I think I think I don't know the specific  I think that's what's happening because he's in like an office and it's very like cluttered and he's very like he's you know  He's stressed out because of all the mice  And he's showing you how to work the  Frosting whatever I can already forgot the name of what is it frosting a street bag a street a street bag.
 Thank you  Yes, he's showing you to work your pastry bag  So I think yeah, this is great.
 This is I think great original yes  It's cheaper certainly than Midway mania, but it's it's definitely its own thing  They they figured out and  Though you might call it a ripoff  It would the ride vehicles were built by the same company as Midway mania  It's a Dutch company called ETF ride systems, so they  Betrayed Disney they went behind their backs and gave them the same  Vehicle they also were behind the mechanics of the actual ride vehicles not the creative but the vehicles  For one of the best rides in podcast thread history nights and white satin.
 Oh, right  Yeah, what a history for ETF ride system  It's interesting though like that Disney didn't have an exclusivity with this because I think that happens a lot and that happened with  Universal and the Harry Potter ride with the Kuka arm where they have that ride system  Exclusively for like ten years there's probably different terms of the agreement  So it is interesting maybe this was sort of developed even before Midway mania  And they kind of bought it off the shelf in a way  But it would seem that Disney would want to own something like this for a while  Because you wouldn't think that like week if we had a theme park or if you know Jeff Dunham or Terry fader wanted to do  Their own version they could have done it immediately in  2011 which is when I think this ride opened  2011 right right yeah, yeah, so pretty far after Ratatouille the movie Ratatouille  It's also about rodents in a restaurant  Mm-hmm.
 I mean it's not so far away from a to in 2011  Well so this is this kind of has the I was thinking how a lot of the rides here have little equations  and this is kind of  Midway mania plus Ratatouille, and there's a number of other ones that are similar where it is  This plus this I don't know if you want to throw in a multiplied by or divided by  Yeah, I don't know how complicated these equations are but there's  That's that's the formula.
 I feel like I love a lot of fontazza land rights  Yes a good example, I think of  The x plus y ride formula is a ride that is not there anymore  called silver mine and  This is basically  Maybe you have to do percentages here.
 Maybe this is like one fifth  Knott's Berry farm.
 What's the mine one?  To Timber Mountain alaco no or a timber mountain to my log, right? Yeah, not the not the flume  What's the other one? Oh?  Calico mine ride  Okay, all right  Okay, so it's part that because it's like miserable claustrophobic  You're seeing animatronics in really small spaces  And you feel like you could reach out and slap them or if you stuck your hand out  It would get dragged by the rock wall behind you and eventually just come clean off  But then it takes this turn that you don't expect at all because it's called mine  It's silver mine and then so then four fifths of the way through you leave the mine you go upstairs  And you crawl up to a an area that you'd have to call pirates of the Caribbean plus Mexico  It's really weird it just completely is the vibe of pirates and you're in a little Mexican town  And it's got  Something I want to codify.
 I think you know we like fake rocks, and I want to say I think we also like cloth fire  Let's just does it's not a lot of examples of it, but probably one of them and this ride is one of them as well  Yes, it's on is it in a spaceship Earth as well  I think there might be some cloth fire.
 I don't recall a fan  I want to say maybe it's a small world and little in miniature  That's right.
 Yeah, interesting.
 Let's say this here now.
 We podcast red likes cloth fire  I bet there's more cloth fire than we think  Yeah, I think if you had it now that we've put a name on it, and we're on the hunt for it  I think we'll start seeing it more at a new innovation is  Steam fire  We use fire like on Big Thunder Mountain.
 Oh you project on to steam  Yeah, turn the steam into fire exactly and then they already have sort of had that effect on the Indiana Jones in Japan  When you go that blows the ring yeah, yeah, so so steam fire as well of a big were big fans of I think  Also a fan of steam fire.
 Yeah, yeah, we I guess you could call it all  Fake fire, but you do need to delineate between the two and maybe there might be multiple multiple types  Well, we'll figure it out multiple types.
 Yeah, yeah  Anyway, this ride is crazy.
 People should watch ride throughs of it.
 It's just like I  It's so much of the vibe of pirates almost impressive that you could take you could capture the  Elements of what pirates is despite moving it over to a different theme in this case a little Mexican village because it's debauchery  It's you know it is it's things on fire  It's antics with the animals that are too close to houses as a woman chasing a donkey out with a broom  There is even in this ride literally a dirty foot pirate you go under a bridge and there is a guy  With a bottle up there swinging around and you pass right under his foot.
 They do it all it's really the difference is it's like  Mashing up versus like ripoff.
 It's like a girl talk  version of a mashup where it's like  Yeah, the all the elements kind of work I can see where they rip and this is exactly the same thing as this thing  But they've now recontextualized it and I can't be mad.
 This is kind of cool  And they did it there at least it feels at least a half the budget like maybe not more than that and they're jankier  Animatronics for sure they do less.
 We're not even close to Jack Sparrow territory, but I don't know  I give I found this thing charming.
 Yeah, I  Like all of the things I kind of find like they like it may made it work with the budget and  I'm not mad at the ripoff.
 I can't be mad at the ripoff.
 Are we Jason you feel the same way?  I don't know why it doesn't almost doesn't make sense that we were like  For Universal Studios, but I kind of love that they just stole all this Disney stuff  Yeah, well and honestly, it's enough of a trend that I thought you were setting up a  Transition to a different ride to the ride  Geist Geister, Iksha.
 Yeah  Well, Rickshaw  Yes, because the the literal translation is ghost  Yes, cuz the the literal translation is ghostly Rickshaw  Uh-huh, and this is very haunted mansion to the point of it appears to be doom buggy capsules a  Ghost follows you home  But the big big difference is that it appears to be as if Germans interpreted Chinese ghost stories  Yeah, yes, because it's in the Chinatown section of the park.
 That's got the ride you were  Discussing is in the Mexico section of the park  The lands of course Mexico Chinatown mystery fantasy Berlin and deep in Africa  Wow, you know the lands in this park is every theme park in Europe a nations of the world  I feel like so many of them.
 This is what they do  Yeah, it certainly seems that way.
 I I don't know why they felt the need to add deep in Africa that feels very  Collodio  But yeah from the format of all the other ones, you know, what are you?  Also just naming two sections.
 It's like this is mystery and this is fantasy.
 Those are the lands gave up  But yeah, the ghost ghostly Rickshaw I  Is incredibly again another ride that's incredibly detailed like has similar elements from the haunted man.
 There's a big party scene  Yeah, but again, it's it's  Like Chinese ghosts and culture and architecture and  Masks and it's and then they follow you home.
 Of course, they follow you home at the end.
 They have that set piece it is  Just from the look of it and part of it is because it's not the most expensive ride, but it is scary as shit  It is so creepy  All of these things all of these little like a lot of the robots are like little which honestly makes it I think worse  It almost like a storture view of reality and you're like little creepy guys.
 Yes, and  It's like the skeleton.
 It's like a little skeletons and you're like, oh  Like I there's a on their website.
 Is this one still open?  I want to say it's still open because I feel like I saw something on there.
 Okay.
 Yeah  They their official literature calls it Europe's longest underground ghost train  Which seems like an attack on something else like is there a specific thing in Portugal or Finland?  That's in their sights making some claim.
 That's like 500 feet shorter  And they're like we're gonna stick to that ghost train.
 You are the second longest underground ghost train  I mean, it's kind of it's not really a you're in the Omnimov or a haunted mansion vehicle.
 Not really a train  Yeah, wouldn't say  Say  Might be like a European term instead of like haunted house.
 Maybe ghost train  Mmm, I kept coming across that but maybe so the phrase train  Yeah, both of these rides.
 We just talked about are really long.
 There's so many rooms  There's so many animatronics.
 This is what I'm saying.
 I feel like this place has been  hidden from us in terms of  pure robot  Coverage I would love to know the official number.
 I feel like you'd have to actually check with someone who knew I'm not gonna watch  All the videos and do it count  That's that sounds hard  But I like it's crazy that I give them that's a lot of what we're after  I think is robots as opposed to screens and oh my god so many  Yeah, I was shocked as I outside of  Yeah, I'm trying to think I don't think any other I mean it's more robots and universal  Yeah, and for like all you like any you know any era of universal it feels like  It's a little more limited in another attraction.
 That's not there anymore  Called one thousand and one knocks  like nights and  I  Mean the equation here, maybe let me just instead.
 Let me let me break it down like okay  this is a ride where you  climb on a  suspended ship like Peter Pan  Where you're where the track is up above you?  But it starts in a fake rock cave like the Matterhorn  And then you leave the cave and you spend a full minute outside  Looking over other rides in a very storybook land  Fashion but that whole time you're slowly approaching the mouth of a dragon  And then you go inside the dragon where you're in a different scary type of cave  It's more like mr.
 Toad hell where it's red scary caves  And then you end up looking at a bunch of miniatures that are like the size of the Sleeping Beauty dioramas  but the  Miniatures are  Telling stories of Arabian Nights kind of stuff it has a vibe a lot like the Sinbad ride  In Disney see that's like five things all in one which is enough to make it completely its own  Original thing this is a really cool ride.
 I think or was  Yeah, it's like when you see those videos with Quentin Tarantino's references in his movies, and there's  50 other movies and you go he's stealing a lot, but he's  Taking them all and made a different thing out of him.
 I guess I'm in a blender.
 Yes exactly right  I yeah, this this thing's cool as hell.
 I don't know I I just think they  They took things to new levels  I  Don't know just just charm by this place  Yeah, now some stuff is just there is one thing that is an exact photocopy  In the sense that it ran at a lot of other parks and oddly enough  This is not buried on the website this does get a decent  Link on the attractions page.
 I'm talking about Pirates 4d  Pirates 4d is a 4d movie  Starring the great Leslie Nielsen and Monty Python's Eric Idol  Theme park legend Eric Idol also theme park legend Eric Idol, yeah and  So I looked a little into the make so this was produced by Bush Entertainment Corporation the  Entertainment wing of the anheuser-bush company back in the 90s  Who of course at the time ran bush gardens and SeaWorld at the moment?  I believe just bush gardens, but they produced this string of  4d movies that would just play almost on a circuit of  It would play at bush gardens and SeaWorld places, and then they'd license it to other places movies like haunts of the old country and  something I am very interested in  Not least of which because of the people involved RL.
 Stein's haunted lighthouse a  40 movie starring Christopher Lloyd  Huh?  Rick written and those are in Christopher Lloyd Leah Thompson and Michael McKeon whoa  so I  That one we might have to dig into a little more.
 Yeah, we haven't done any of these lesser more overlooked  theme park 3d  Yeah, cuz every now and then people do I believe I saw either Pirates 4d at bush gardens Williamsburg  But I'm pretty sure I saw haunts of the old country  But they would just like they they spent a chunk of money to make these movies with like  You know big stars in them.
 I believe pirates 4d also played the Wisconsin Dells Michael mm-hmm  I believe Eric Idle wrote Pirates 4d I  Think that's possible.
 I believe I read that I could be  RL.
 Stein's haunted lighthouse was directed by Joe Dante  Yeah, that's that we just covered  Were you building to that fact? I'm sorry if I jumped on it well  I another one interesting to me the writer of haunted lighthouse is Sam Ham the writer of Tim Burton's Batman  Crazy  Run of Batman comics that introduced the harrick character of Henry Ducard  Batman's mentor that I believe let Liam Neeson plays for some of Batman begins well you yeah  He's not really it's a fake out.
 He's not really a fake out  Yeah, I'll go as they say even though I always thought it was racial ghoul because of the animated series, but that's another podcast  Yeah, that's another podcast.
 Yeah, so so there's some interesting stuff in the Bush Entertainment Corporation  Pipeline we got a that's a full we got to do all of them.
 Yeah  And pirate the yeah, go ahead.
 Go ahead  Well I was gonna say the other thing about Pirates 4d the plot is one of the grimace things I've ever heard  Yes, do tell so  Leslie Nielsen is the captain of a pirate ship and right at the beginning  He says ah I have not returned to pirate island in five years and as they arrive on pirate island  They start falling into like comical  You know slapsticky traps, and it is revealed the previous crew of this ship was left to  die on pirate Island and the survivor was a child who has laid all of these traps to get his  Revenge and in the end ends up becoming the new captain of the ship  Captain Davey  It's a child's revenge.
 It's a home alone pirates  Yeah, because they wanted a lot of antics.
 I mean it's a lot of like cannonball shot at the screen  door hitting people  Flying Leslie Nielsen flinging a door open and hitting someone in the head sure sure but if home alone at an extremely dark  backstory  like if the if the  You know sloppy bandits.
 What are they the wet band?  Sloppy band is good too  What else are they called?  Yeah, what are they aren't they the the feathery bandits the guitar to bandits?  Why am I having a problem people are this is another one are yelling wet bandits in which one?  They're the first one the wet bandits  Sticky sticky sticky band.
 Yeah, all right.
 I got it.
 I did the yelling for the odds.
 Yeah  Huh pirates for D.
 I mean yeah this when you look at this wiki this was open in bizarre  Locations across the world across different theme park brands from SeaWorld the bush gardens to the Luxor  And now it seems like it is only open in  Fantasia land on Tosy land now the exclusive home of this  proud work of Eric Idle I  assume I  Watched most of this Jason.
 Did you watch most of it? I watched the whole yeah  Like 15 minutes as my I mean I will say Eric Idle theme park legend, but is he attached to the most unpleasant  Theme park things that exist I  Liked it as a kid yeah, I  It's not it's not no  It's it's not that bad  And it doesn't think it looks like they spent some money on it like that's that's the thing it seems like  The theme park Wars of the 90s it does seem like  Bush garden SeaWorld was like trying to compete a little with these 4d movies, but also  There's a brief period of time where Dave and Buster's had 4d theaters  And they would probably just shove them in there if they paid for the licensing you know  I guess it's just because Eric poor Eric has an association with figment  That's yeah  The audience which I like but is also you you might you wouldn't be wrong to call parts of it unpleasant at least  Yeah, then as a kid I was scared of it and then but I do people do like that  So I really shouldn't tar and feather a title here  Oh certainly yeah, I'm flipping through his filmography also, and I'm reminded that he is a recurring character  Throughout the film that this series is titled after national lampoon's European vacation  As I recall his part is funny.
 He's a guy riding a bike.
 Oh, yeah, yeah by  Chevy that being said just I just want to give a quick  His anti shout-outs to that film we titled it after I don't know if you guys agree  I think that is such an unpleasant movie  Like the eating nightmare at the beginning and the fashion montage or that song new looks  You've been down a street for am I crazy I like I had a discussion with our friend Ryan Perez who called that a rotten film  Am I crazy that bear I haven't you're you know that I'm saying seen it in years, but I that feeling is correct  I think seeing when I was younger.
 I definitely like felt it was very unpleasant  There's stuff I obviously the Eric Otto stuff is a funny runner because he's like very polite every time he gets hit  Yeah, that's all that's all funny.
 I like his and like the game show John Aston game show  Traffic, so we've talked about John Aston this week too because he was that's right  Still alive teaching teaching theater  Him on I'd love the parking enough.
 I mean whatever  There's no reason not to have Eric Idle and John Aston both on but the only reason is a lack of ability to get a hold of  Yeah, it's the biggest obstacle  anyway, not to dwell on that if I'm wrong, please yell at me and  Cancel me but not permanently  You can cancel me for a day  What else weird stuff oh oh in that neck of the woods, you know the movies that slid in and out  So I don't think they have it anymore  But for a while this is one of the other theme parks that has a very Epcot esque gold geodesic dome  It's like half of a spaceship Earth essentially  Which I always like seeing those anywhere, and I was never sure what was inside them the monk the monkey hosted video  That I watched  Has a funny moment where it it shows you the dome and it says and in here you can see  Cine 2000 and then it cuts to Cine 2000 and it's imagine if you were in the if you're in LA the  Arclet the Cinerama dome and you were standing on the floor of the Cinerama dome  Just watching a video of the POV of a roller coaster and everybody goes ah  It's just the weirdest lowest rent like a  Simulator, but it's a simulator where you just stand.
 I think you get dizzy so fast.
 This seems like the laziest thing  Let's just play a video of a roller coaster instead of building one  But then they put in something that I think has a little more value an attraction called race for Atlantis  Which I think we could just touch on and maybe deal with later  Because race for Atlantis is the same movie that played in an IMAX theater in Caesar's Palace in the mall  shops at Caesar  If you've been to that mall you know that there is a show where a bunch of statues come to life  And that's called called fall of Atlantis, but that's just part of the story the rest of the story was told through this  simulator attraction which  I saw a poster for that said  The IMAX 3d ride that makes every other thrill ride obsolete  Very bold claim  Very especially when this thing itself is obsolete  It has not been at Caesar's for a long time it made it at Fantasia land from 94 to 2016  And now I think this dome is gone entirely  I think we should loop back around to this one because the I think aesthetically it's very interesting from what I watched  I it's a it's a very it feels like Flight of Passage meets Star Wars prequels  It's a very like odd fantasy design scheme  And I'm also intrigued because it has a villain named  Gastelius  And I would I would like to know more about Gastelius, but we could do that as part of some Vegas block  Oh, yeah, it was here, too, and still open in France.
 I believe so it's still still hanging on but yeah race for Atlantis  I'd love to  Dig into more yeah, that sounds great  I'd like to talk about while we're talking the magic of the movies  I mean the website invites us to rediscover some old classics on an attraction called Hollywood tour.
 Yeah  I mean this is the star of the show  I think this is this might be the fiesta resistance of this this park look does it have some maybe some of the best  Rollercoasters in the world.
 Yes sure that of course how many parts can you say that about?  But Hollywood tour seems like something special well, and I would describe this equation as  Great movie ride  Plus universal tram tour plus Pirates of the Caribbean again  Even though we already have pirate rip-offs.
 Maybe we have a pirate's rip-off and we pirates 4d  This one is yet another  Pirate sea ride, but it's weird they splinter everything off  So the the town and the drunkenness and the fires and the revelry is moved over to silver mine  This right now just uses the caves  Essentially it starts in the caves  They're more well, it's and it's also a mix of the rainbow caverns which is now attributed at the start of Big Thunder  It's all of that at the same time because it's the Pirates caves  But they're now like rainbow much like that scene at the end the hill lift on Big Thunder  Absolutely and  And a lot of these elements also show up in a different ride in this park called Chiapas  Which is an incredibly steep log flume that ends in like an Aztec temple where it appears a  Party is happening  It's like yeah, that ride looks great  Yeah, yeah, it's it's like a  Guy I saw it on their site as a Mexican archaeological site  So I think you're you know, they're digging for artifacts or something  But then there are a bunch of statues or busts that all light up with lighting effects and music and that's a ride that like  It has a backward section and then flips around to go  Front-facing again like the Norway ride  steepest log flume in the world in the world  Yeah, it's got kind of that double bounce like the Dudley do right ride that right that looks just  Legitimately  Fantastic as does River Quest just to give that a shout.
 This looks like a  pretty unique  Rapids ride where you know, most rapids rides are sort of rustic or it's you know  It through it's through the forests or you know  Cedar kind of area this is like you're in some scary tower and there's a big cyclone on the top of a building and there's  An elevator that delivers you to a drop like again just super unique  These water rides seem really awesome  Yeah, I didn't want to take away don't want to take away from from Hollywood tour Hollywood tour.
 Yeah, which has a  also  What I would describe is a plus up from pirates where clearly the drop is based on pirates and you go into a cavern right after  But as you're barreling down the drop you're heading towards a wall of water  And it moves out of the way at the very last second before you land  Like if they put that in today in our pirates you'd say that's great.
 That's a huge improvement  Yeah, that is and even if they like I guess I mean there are different colors in the rocks  I was gonna say if they made the little more colorful rocks, you wouldn't be mad either.
 I don't think  Yeah, you can light that up.
 That'd be cool  Yeah, that is a that is a neat little trick.
 It's much better than the now gone  But they do tell tales with seeing  You know  Blackbeard or Davy Joe it would switch every now and then yeah, it's usually Davy Jones  But then they threw Blackbeard on for like the fourth movie, which we just watched and  It's really like you got Ian McShane and like you're not gonna use him that much.
 Okay.
 All right movie  Hmm, very strange.
 I don't think I think there's things about the refresh that I like fine  But that's not one of that always felt very  Plotty it felt like let me let's just like stamp some exposition  You mean the the barber the addition of the miss and do tells it.
 Yeah, it sucks  It's like we have to like re-explain and  It's like that's God.
 That's like of all the things to take out.
 I think that's the thing to take out  Oh, yeah, and the new thing they put in is a nice little fun  thing  Great illusion, I was probably done pretty cheaply but still pretty effective and does a little  Narrative kind of explanation sort of of what is going on in the ride  Yeah, which I actually helps easy in the world.
 Yeah  Yeah, super cool, but pirates I think might still rank behind Hollywood tour as the best  cavern born boat ride cuz  Unlike all right, so you're in caverns and you know, do you go see some skeletons and some ships and stuff?  No, you see a lot of nothing for a while and then you see a 1950s film crew making a movie  It's so weird it's why are we in caves for this?  Yeah, yeah is I don't know is the cave is supposed to be a set.
 Oh  I mean I think at some point you you go on to a set like the big one with the big thing that like  Stuck out to me and I forget if it's a first or second scene you see but you come around the corner  There was a helicopter going up and down then there's a cowboy shooting a gun then over to the left  There is like a film crew and then you straight ahead.
 There is a giant spider  So it's a cowboy shooting a gun at a giant spider  I have no idea what the helicopter is doing did John Peters have something to do with this ride is my question  It's the scariest  Villain a giant spider scariest bad guy  In the scariest killer in the animal kingdom.
 Mmm.
 Yeah, there's cowboys  Talking about Kevin Smith has a story about John Peters the producer trying to get a giant spider into a Superman movie and eventually  He got a giant spider into Wild Wild West  Which was yeah robot spider and if you want to hear that story take 25 minutes and have the words  Fuck and flick a bunch more.
 That's right  What else say speaking of directors right at the top of it you see a really miserable  Dead looking Alfred Hitchcock.
 Is that what that's supposed to be? I had that written so yeah  Um, I don't know he's a  And there's no other IP per se it's not like this is then a great movie ride where you see Marilyn Monroe and  Cary Grant I think the only sort of recognizable one is Hitchcock who seems like he's at the moment of dying  Like you were at frame one of a heart attack  Well, that's the most exciting frame.
 I think it's about to start  You don't know what's happening  His eyes lit up.
 Here we go  I will say with all of these rides  I'm sure when if you go on them, I think if we were to go on all of them in person  We would notice the junkier elements more because some like there's a fully exposed industrial ceiling a lot in this ride and a lot  Of other rides when the boat is like turning a corner.
 There's just like some loose dirty pipes and clearly like like water damaged  walls  That are pretty visible pipes  The pipes in the walls for the sad man from the end of the sad man.
 We got some  We got some for proud design choice  Yeah  You you see it.
 There's a Tarzan section much like the great movie ride as  then  Then you see a boat and then as you pass around the corner you see rising over it the the great ape King Kong  King Kong is also in this so it's the King Kong and this kind of a jaws  At the beginning.
 Yes.
 Yeah, there's a quick shark there.
 There's um  my favorite thing a a  Alligator pulling a water skiing monkey  That's pretty fun.
 That's in the that's in the Tarzan section here.
 I'll show you I just really  Really enjoyed this  He's pulling the monkey  There's another month the monkey above has a like a carrot on a stick or something that's making the Gators swim around  That's that rules.
 That's great.
 Yeah  That for I love that Frankenstein.
 There's Frankenstein's Frankenstein's monster on the on the  trip it's a slab  which honestly is like one of the all like very  worried about  Not getting that Universal epic universe  Horror land now because they're probably gonna build that park in Orlando or it's gonna take a while  So maybe this is the best representation of Frankenstein we have because the rumor was it was gonna be Frankenstein's castle in a crazy  E ticket maybe kook arm  That's also a roller coaster ride with all the monsters and you'd finally get some insane  Classic Universal monster thing but until then we'll have to just go to Germany to experience Frankenstein  Well for a while the title was held by Frankenstein playing a keytar or whatever in the Beetlejuice  Graveyard review right but yes  Not for that's not a ride.
 So I guess if we're talking ride depictions of Frankenstein, right? It'd be this movie  Are we okay? Is it?  Are we touring an underground movie? So are we touring the movie mines? Is that what it is?  Or is this like a magic cave where all your movie dreams come to light  What what is it? Hmm? I think from what I understand is this park has very limited space  So they have built the longer dark rides underground underneath other attractions.
 Oh, yeah, this is under another ride  That's right.
 Yeah, there's a basement literally a flooded now  I  Cannot find a justification for why the generic Wizard of Oz scene  Appears to imply that Alice's house in Kansas is in the woods  And all of our friends are at the house too  It's just kind of a lot of elements of Wizard of Oz just thrown together  the video is a little hard to parse but  Is there I feel like I only saw Glinda and not a door  There's a scarecrow and a Glinda Dorothy on the porch like on the side  Yeah, yeah, I'm looking through the YouTube right here.
 I think there is a side of the porch  You see her kind of when you first come in but it's not she's not like pointed  There's if you were the main show scene is looking head-on at the building and she's not looking out that way  She's on the porch looking off  This is not Dorothy.
 This is Dana Dana American farm girl  Anyone could wear a dress like that.
 What are you referring to straw man?  They are sapphire  Dana  Mr.
 Ape the gorilla teeth the shark all of your Hollywood favorites  This is the one thing where it's like, all right, you know, not at the license for any of this crap.
 Okay, that's fine  You got one you got one.
 You're a  senior swinger  That's not Tarzan  King Kong had the fake King Kong has some very funny eyebrows  You know  I don't recall his eyebrows.
 Oh, okay.
 Hold on.
 Yeah one second.
 I want to make sure you see his eyebrows  I want to know that they're funny  Yeah, they're fine waiting to laugh  Yo, you'll laugh I put you on the spot.
 I'm sorry.
 I don't want to miss out on these eyebrows.
 You see  Yeah, it's bogged on from breaking bad  Yeah  They're like two feet tall by these proportions and also like his pecs are very strange  Well, he's like you look like yeah, he looks like he love his like pectoral  He looks like he fell asleep on the beach wearing a bikini top.
 Yes left some tan marks  Yeah, I guess and that also implies that if when King Kong tans that it changes the  Darkness of his hair.
 Well, I think maybe the hair looks like it's like a bad die  Situation oh that's revealing what's underneath?  Yeah, he looks like maybe he's like either gray or balding or something and he did like a really bad like shoe polish job  On the top of his head  It is receding.
 You're absolutely right  So maybe he let himself go on the top but he wears a hat and on his pecs, but he wears a bikini top  So right mad at these sailors or whatever because they interrupted him without clothes on  You know my secret I'm balding there's yeah, there's a line  I don't know exactly what he looked like when the park opens  But you know, look we all age  We're all the same Lee fingers too.
 It's very like it's very big footy fingers  He's yeah, he looks like he looks like he also could be just like some sort of old-time Catskill comedian maybe  Like he's like still doing shows.
 He could be in Vegas.
 He could be like opening for Rich Little in Vegas  These Peter Gallagher what he is.
 That's true  What if we fused in April Peter Gallagher  And give it where would give it a werewolf fingers  Oh  Look at this.
 This is one of my other thing.
 I've decided I like in theme park world green cities  I love my dark ride green cities.
 Give me give me a cloth fire and green cities.
 Yeah  Man, this is a good ride and it seems like I feel like this is on the chopping block like there  You like you said they hit it on the website  It's like buried all the way you have to keep scrolling and scrolling and scrolling to find out if it's even there  It's like they're embarrassed of it.
 They shoved it in a basement and they should not be there should be front and center in the ads  I mean if I were to go to this place  This is the first thing I would go there first thing because I'd be worried it'd be broken by the end of the day  They should have a big picture of King Kong's weird eyebrows on the main page  To like entice you because like if you looked at it you'd be like always a nice park seems like it's got some cool  Coasters some nice food  But I don't know if there's any like character to it and then you'd see like a big janky  King Kong robot head and you go something for everyone here  Yeah, yeah, I mean this is that I feels like the best  Thing at the park to me the only thing I'd like to name check really really quick  All these rides are kind of in the dark so you can't there's not a lot to say about them  But I really like that there was  There is a roller coaster that has shifted hands a couple times and it started in the 80s as Space Center  Where it was very space mountain II so I like the vibe of that Space Center became temple of the Nighthawk and today is  crazy bats  Those are three best ride names have ever heard and it's all the same right that's great.
 Yeah, can I quick name check feng shui place?  What's that no I didn't fan this is a type of ride that I only we've talked about a lot.
 It's a madhouse  Mm-hmm.
 Yes, it's a it's like it's a site  I'm reading from Wikipedia  It's an up designed to be an optical and physical illusion  Consisting of several rows of seats attached to a swaying gondola with a rotating drum  So it's sort of making it seem like  Crazy stuff is happening as it's rotating  It creates the impression that the rider is turning upside down where the room is actually moving around them  So feng shui place is something I thought was interesting because to me it feels a lot like  Scott your favorite ride had not or experienced mystery lodge.
 Oh, hey, yeah, it's very much like  Yes, it's like people like there's obviously actors  They recorded at a certain point they fight and there's a whole narrative going on and in in a madhouse  Which I mean the name madhouse is a great  Name what else is a matter there examples of man?  Absolutely are more examples  The American ones there Merlin's mystical mansion at Clark's Trading Post in Lincoln, New Hampshire  What are you talking about? I'm not sure if some of these are still there  Denny's great escape at Six Flags New England in 1999  Who they had that a something like that a great adventure to where the room goes upside down  You were like seated and you think you were upside down, but it's the room has gone upside down  Yeah, and this is something I've been to this place, but it was not there Noah's incredible adventure at Noah's Ark water park in Wisconsin Dells  We got to hit that one.
 We definitely got to hit that one.
 There's so yeah, I mean my friend.
 Yeah, we're gonna do that  There's so much Tommy Bartlett you guys  I have no idea Tommy Bartlett is so interesting  Tommy Barlow all I'll say is Tommy Bartlett's robot world  And it's now it's changed the name of it, but it was literally like you'd walk through  Tommy Bartlett had thrown together some like tin cans with googly eyes  and  Yeah, here you go.
 Oh, and that's your happiest memory.
 Oh my god.
 I love it  Wow, yeah, okay  That's a great one.
 Let's build that up his name haunts me Tommy Bartlett Poseidon Fury  Was gonna be at islands of adventure and it was gonna be a madhouse.
 I believe that's what I'm reading here  Unfamiliar with this genre in general.
 I'd like to know more about mad house mad houses  so  Yeah, yeah, I think there's a fun house here, too  I forgot what it was called, but like there's so many rides through with the and there's so many still here and  Here and the other thing that we haven't talked about they have like a lot of like  Some Disney parks they have two hotels built into the park  the hotel Mataba and Hotel Ling Bao and they were scheduled for a whole new land for 2020 which is  I don't I'm sure has been delayed  Called Rookberg that was gonna have this Charles Lindberg Hotel Charles Lindbergh  This capsule hotel Wow, whoa, which smaller is he?  It's it's all steampunky and then they were gonna have this fly coaster, which is an act  I don't know what it's an acronym for but it's a flight coaster like  Tatsu where you're lying down.
 It's a first launching flight coaster  man eats with a hotel built into it and oh my god this with a  And the like coaster would go by like the patio the upstairs like  Roofdeck or something now would I have maybe not named it after the aviator who flew to Germany to get a medal for?  Hermann Goring.
 Yeah, I might have gone with Amelia Earhart, but that's just me.
 What are you gonna do?  Well, you're not we're not in charge of anything yet until we get it employed by Dunham or failure  Sure  Fader land till we all come up with fader land  We'll get some advice we'll get some counsel from John Binkowski of Hard Rock Park before too  Oh, yeah, he gives us a crash course and how to open up open a park that makes it at least six months  Yeah, did they start building that Jason? Do you know it's yeah, it's pretty far along  Wow, it seems like from the pictures I saw we have but I don't know they have an opening date yet  The reality is I feel like anything that's with the exception probably of a splash mountain redo  Which is obviously not started  Anything that is already like 25 to 50 percent done will probably get in theme parks  But almost everything else is canceled for the next few years.
 That's I would guess what's gonna happen.
 I  Think so.
 I think that's accurate Nintendo land though construction out here for us still moving along though  Yeah, we're very lucky and they were like they were gonna open secret life of pets like the week of yes  we were you know, it's a funny moment was that  We I keep like a document of episodes that are coming up and like well around this week  We'll do secret life of pets there on here.
 We'll do Marvel the pandemic starting and need deleting those from the  Won't be needing those at the who about a Europe trip that could be different that's something else we could do  Good we could still talk about the pictures of Josh tomorrow  Installing the Quinjet at the top of the Avengers campus, which I'm sure we all saw  Well, my favorite thing of like the Quinjet has been placed at Avengers campus  Except the fact they're all standing in dirt pathways.
 It's like you have not you have not paved the walkways yet.
 So  Let me know when cement arrives.
 Yeah, let me know when the water is hooked up  All right, I think we're I think we're heading to the end here I've totally forgot one more thing though  Oh my god in in the world of ripoffs  They have a at least I don't know if they do anymore.
 They had a just full-on Star Tours ripoff called galaxy.
 Oh, yeah  Yeah, yeah  Which let me screen share that it was so down to the elements of the ripoff  Look at this host.
 Look at this flight attendant Wow.
 That's just exactly  Original Star Tours, it's the same weird flippy hair the ward actually actually oddly looks more similar to the current the  Allison Janney voiced robot who they have now  But they did add a new element which was it which is you know, it's not Chewbacca  Obviously who you know, it's it's not Ewoks bumbling in the in the ride vehicle in the safety video.
 It's this guy  Who looks like kind of a green Michelin man  Yeah, like they took a sumo wrestling novelty suit and threw a coat of green paint on it  You watch his antics.
 I love this guy  Angry family who has to like we're forced to sit next to this guy who by the way, let me check my notes  Oh, yes, he is Alex from Galex  Alex from Galex love Alex from Galex  Yeah, big puffy arms.
 This girl is so pissed off to be next to Alex from Galex  As much tension as if you were being taken along on a false niece trip  Yeah, anyway so much crazy IP Alex from Galex it goes on and on so many robots this place is absolutely insane and  I think I mean I've seen look there's there's been some criticism of us  Look, we're not gonna be able to get to everything.
 We haven't been to these places.
 I already regret that we haven't talked about  The McDonald's was a Chessington the McDonald's.
 Yeah the McDonald's non-standard McDonald's  We missed the non-standard McDonald's in Chessington and a medieval  McDonald's.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, any other big regrets that we've become aware  I mean Flynn, please let us know please.
 Shoot us a tweet or an email if we miss something big we can collect all these things  Things we missed or maybe we'll go to Europe again and talk about them.
 I saw that we'd and I think there was a criticism  It was valid  Somebody said we did not devote enough time to the family  Somebody said we did not devote enough time to the fifth dimension and Zappa manic and I completely agree  I feel like we hit that pretty good.
 I think we need 20 to 30 more minutes at least  I I spaced on that like the writer of that ride was Douglas Adams of the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy  Like yeah, this big stuff  But we you know what we want to get to these places, you know, we want to also leave some room  For when we go in now experience, obviously we won't get to experience Zappa manic, but you know, maybe Zappa manic is his own  Patreon spin spin him off somehow.
 Well, I mean maybe that brings me to sort of a  overall question  for you guys  Some of these things in the burn the past you got to take them off the table  But of the places that we have discussed here on the main feed or the second gate  You know Alf and gremlins we can't do but that that leaves five five places that currently exist if you could only go  To one of the five  Which one would you choose?  Okay, I want to work through my my I want to show my work here a little bit  I think Chessington if they still had professor burp and  Zappa-matic that's high up on the list.
 The problem is they're gone  That one suffers a little more from the really cool things are in the past as charming as that park seems and that right below  Ride, but yeah, maybe with it and the dumpy and the dumpy, you know movie land movie world  It's fun  Yeah, I love to be there.
 I love to be there right now eating that  club sandwich  That they were advertising I'd love that but the Dakota stick.
 Oh my god  I'd love to get one of those Dakota sticks in my mouth  And then learn a little bit more about the male anatomy  Show us how illustrate how comfortable you are with your sexuality using a Dakota.
 Yes, I will  So but that's you know  What so it comes comes on to Malta Village it comes down to this place.
 What's the is there one more?  Am I forgetting the Tato Park? Oh, of course Tato Park Tato Park is great, but it's not like  What I want from Tato Park is probably a  One-on-one interaction with mr.
 Tato for a few hours.
 That's really what I want  I I we spent so much of the episode talking about him.
 Mr.
 Tato and we like the ride.
 They seem nice  They seem cute, but it's not like I want to be best friends with him.
 I want to go walking around  Telling women that their underwear is showing with him  I want to help him on his quest to  Stop indecency modest up this world.
 Yeah modest up this world  So I the right the place itself doesn't do so much for me  So it comes down to Popeye Village or this place.
 I'm between these two as well.
 So  You know, I  Think I gotta give it to I think for me  Fantasia land seems like so rich and so full of substance like and the other thing  I mean, I don't know the euro exchange rate seemed pretty reasonable for like  The the quality that of the bills, you know, and yes, and and it also feels like they're adding stuff to Fantasia land  Like you just showed like it feels like it's trying to stay somewhat relevant  and I would argue of course getting rid of some of the other robot rides that are crazy bad move, but  This thing you showed me this hotel looks insane.
 It's got a good mix of old  Crazy stuck-in-time robot rides a new mix of cool coasters.
 It looks very nice  I think it's this is a slam dunk.
 I would love to go to Malta Village, but I think it's a slam dunk  This is this is the winner.
 Are we all saying Fantasia land? I think so Wow  Your land on your land you are the winner  I don't think we knew there was gonna be a competition but you're the winner of the European vacation  I agree as well and just to say I loved living in this area so much  And when one other thing I'm the drinker of the show the beer in this area.
 Oh my god  That's that was my favorite thing.
 I got to live there before I was 21  In America, but I went to Europe and could drink at 20 and pay one euro and get like the best beer I've ever had  Wow, the cheap be it said they'll give you this massive thing for a single euro  So  if the if the  Beer is anywhere close because I because I have to take eating into account too and the food at a lot of these places  Seems a little miserable admittedly.
 I mean, I'm not sure about food at a fun time  You land but seems like some you know, big old bratwurst and stuff  But if the oh, oh Jason which is tied with rope a sandwich with rope  That looks delicious honestly.
 Yeah, I like that.
 Yeah, actually we watched a video  Erin and I watched a video where there's a big  French Briesian section where they're making fresh crepes Alex delicious.
 Did you see did you see this?  Ruttmors Tavern desire for honest cuisine.
 Oh  My god, I had made up my despite made up my mind before Ruttmors Tavern  This is absolutely the quality of the Harry Potter restaurants.
 Oh my god  These are unreal  Bratwurst.
 Yeah, those jams look so great.
 This is like solid lunch man.
 Then like what?  Yeah, my god  Yeah, this  also if you I there's a  It might be the case on this menu, too  I saw a rooftop bar called the dragon bar in the China area  And the drink assortment went on and on and on it went there were so many  Varieties so many types of whiskey and vodka and beer, of course  You know and to get to be close to this area.
 I like so much clone and Dusseldorf  I would absolutely I this one legitimately that after talking about this.
 I think I do want to actually go to  To Western Germany and check out funtazi land.
 So yes, congrats you win  I also just want to point the menu you were just showing Mike contain the phrase pork knuckle  That was a staple of the Sheridan house growing up I assumed well sure, you know  Your mama just a wrap all of your your actual knuckles in pork go on  You're gonna go go have some lunch.
 You say you get smacked by some pork knuckle  It's feeling pretty ramy.
 He's full of pork  Yeah, too much pork knuckle too excited.
 Well, then that means that you survived to podcast the rides European vacation  What a blast one more stamp of the passport could clunk and what we have here  it looks to me like a  DNA test from the gopher woman and  Wouldn't you know it? There's a big green check mark.
 It says more  Woman than gopher so Mike you are a go  Hmm.
 What person does a percentage does it say a percentage? Is it 51% woman?  It's  72  72 percent human woman pretty good.
 Honestly pretty good.
 So yeah  I think you got to go for it and after this journey you've been on of of sexual liberation you learned what sex is  You still want to participate in mr.
 Tato's plan to modest up Ireland, but you've I think you've made incredible progress  Thank you.
 Yes.
 I feel different.
 I feel better as I said before I feel good and better  Which is what we're all saying during this time of quarantining and pandemic  We say it's so much you almost get tired of saying you get tired saying I feel better and you get tired of saying I now  Feel willing to have sex with a gopher woman.
 Mm-hmm  I mean this is look this is a time Marissa Strickland is going to marry a potato chip or a potato  and I'm at least going to have  Sexual Congress with a gopher faced woman with a moon one Rouge  Top-hatted gopher woman.
 Oh, we made  Yeah, a lot has happened.
 Yeah, it's been a special time.
 It's been a special month and thank you all for listening and  Let me just say  You're gonna want to remember this time.
 You know, you're gonna want to hold on to August 2020 and all of our growth  For as long as possible and that is why you've noticed these  Stamps that we've been getting and these are not just for us  They are also for you if you go to our tea public  We are now offering a sticker set of all of the passport stamps.
 It's a little they're less passport stamp and more  Trunks now, would you call them Jason?  like I call them like steamer trunk stickers you used to stick you see all the  Trunks back in the day at stickers from traveling around the world on them  Show all of the places that you've been just like Robert Evans used  When he was carting around a bunch of cocaine and a non-existent letter from Henry Kissinger  So we're tributing these great trunks in this great era in this great series  And you can go find all of those on our tea public as a set just to recap  You'll get the logo for the series made by Aaron Gardner my lovely wife  the Dakota stick from Italy  Robert Altman as Popeye from Malta  Jason the height miser from the UK  Mr.
 Tato's wedding proposal from Ireland elf Cardi B style from Germany  and of course the positive DNA test that allows my  Entry into a relationship with this gopher woman.
 Mm-hmm.
 I mean, I wouldn't want these stickers  These priceless heirlooms  Hey, we got you.
 We got you some souvenirs souvenirs that you have to pick  For  Just like souvenirs real souvenirs.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, just usually people come back from Europe and don't you don't then charge you for the souvenirs?  Hey, but look, you know, that's the only way we're gonna get it  We can't just mail out a bunch of stickers to every listener to the show  We'd love to but we can't so check that out on T public as well as we got merchandise of the  Of the logo of a small world style and a little boat that Aaron did  This has been so much fun  Please email us or tweet or DM get us the info about things that we missed in this series that you would like to hear about  Also, please let us know where we should go next.
 Do we do a Europe tour? Do we go?  Do we go to Asia? Do we break that off as China and Japan?  Do we stay close and go to Canada? We I think we've completely missed Canadian parks.
 There's so many possibilities  Yes, yeah sky is the limit  Yeah, and the sky is the limit now that we don't even have to visit so we just maybe you know if  quarantine lasts for another decade  Mm-hmm.
 We can go anywhere.
 I  Really? Hope we are not playing that clip what you just said in a decade  Boy, remember when we said that it seems like just a joke.
 Mm-hmm.
 Yeah, I hope not.
 I hope not  I I really hope that  But I hope that we were hopefully I I feel the three of us like we got to I I feel like metaphorically  We got out of where we live and I hope the listeners did to  Imaginary vacation I I had a great time and hopefully we can go to these places for real  Especially fun.
 Tazza land congrats on winning  Boy, a lot of fun.
 That was a but  any closing thoughts  No, I think we've said it all I'm I'm I'm I'm tired but a good tired  Yeah, yeah, we might need a vacation from our vacation  We might we might not be doing an episode for Labor Day, but we'll bring out a fun episode from the archives  But otherwise, thank you for taking this journey with us and  Mike  You're free to go share your love  Well, look, I'll keep you everyone posted about that  I definitely that'll be something you'll hear a lot about  This will come up a lot.
 Yeah  All right.
 Thanks for listening everybody.
 It was a fun vacation.
 We'll see you back in America  Good bye.
 Bye  This has been a forever dog production  executive produced by Mike Carlson Jason Sheridan Scott Gardner Brett Boehm  Joe Cilio and Alex Ramsey for more original podcasts, please visit forever dog  podcasts calm and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts  Spotify or wherever you get your podcast keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram  At forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook