 Forever.
  Dog.
  Warning, the following podcast contains  backbreaking manual labor, sweet pranks,  a Nixon restaurant, and rivers Cuomo?  Matt Apodaca joins us to talk Knott's Berry Farms  timber mountain log ride.
  Get ready for lumber and splashing.
  It's podcast, The Ride.
  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a show hosted by three men who, under normal circumstances,  are the show's sitting butt to crotch, butt to crotch, butt to crotch.
  Similar to today's attraction, I'm Jason Sheridan, joined as always by Mike Carlson.
  Hi I'm here and I insist that we do that because it makes me feel loved.
  I, you know, and I seconded it because I feel the same way.
  Scott Gerner is also here.
  Yeah, and the only issue is that we all fight over who gets to be the middle.
  Who gets to have the most love.
  Jason usually comes into recording and he yells middle Z's.
  You gotta call middle Z's.
  I'm the fastest at calling middle Z's.
  We gotta learn to call it, be a text before we get inside.
  Yeah, I know, but I always forget.
  He gets us.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, we haven't had that contact in a while.
  And I assume we're all missing.
  And I take Duffy and friends and I use them to sort of recreate that while I'm recording.
  I'll have Duffy in front and Shelley Mae in back.
  Oh, sure.
  But it's not the same.
  Yeah.
  Me and all my Rex's, we all line up by height.
  I take the back in that case because they're all very small and I don't want to block their  view of the virtual log ride that we all go on together.
  That's right.
  And you're kind of a father figure to those Rex's.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Yeah.
  And only to them.
  And only to them.
  Yeah.
  I'm not letting some.
.
.
  Disregard you being an actual father.
  No, I'm not letting some baby take their well-earned territory.
  Let's bring in our guest.
  Our guest today, he's the producer of How Did This Get Played, a wonderful podcast on  the Earwolf Network.
  It's Matt Apodaca.
  And I realized I did not ask how to say your last name before we started recording.
  You nailed it, baby.
  All right.
  You did it.
  All right.
  Five stars.
  Thank you so much.
  Another win for Jason.
  This is unbelievable.
  I got the intro out.
  I got the guest name right.
  Everything's coming up Jason today.
  That's it.
  We get to talk about old timey bullshit and guys named Bud Hurlbutt and stuff.
  This is a big day for you.
  Defunct ride fabrication companies too.
  Thank you for doing the show, Matt.
  Now, when we were talking about your theme park experiences or stuff you like, you had  mentioned you grew up pretty close to Disneyland and Knott's Berry Farms.
  Yeah.
  I'm a SoCal kid.
  I guess I technically grew up within the county of Los Angeles, but I was like on the very  edge of it.
  So very Orange County adjacent.
  So I spent a lot of time at Knott's Berry Farm and at Disneyland in particular.
  But we had annual passes to Knott's Berry Farm.
  And that was just like a thing that my mom, if she had to like work on the weekend, would  just like drop us off there while she was at work.
  So we weren't like.
.
.
  So she would at least know where we were.
  And she's like, well, they're going to, one, burn all this energy at a theme park and then  I'll pick them up and then they'll just be like too tired to be bad when I got home.
  Did it work?  We were no, we were really, really bad.
  We were really bad kids.
  I have two other brothers and so like, and we're all, I have a twin brother and a younger  brother who is two years younger.
  And we were all like, you know, I guess what?  Three stooges, I guess, just like being bad, being bad kid.
  So when you say being bad, you mean only spending like one hour exploring the replica of Independence  Hall, not two hours.
  We went straight to the thrills and didn't get to really honoring the history of America,  which is part of the Knott's Berry Farm experience that people do often neglect.
  Yes.
  Do you have any memories?  I always like to ask, do you have any like teen, strong teen memories from hanging out?  Cause that's such a, I think important part of everyone's theme park teen experience is  like these weird.
  Sort of, but like they're all like, I don't know.
  I feel like other people would probably have stories that involved like groups of friends,  but I just have, like I had two brothers, so I just spent a lot of time with them.
  But then like, then they all then also then would tangentially involve my mom.
  Cause if my mom wasn't at work, she was also there with us cause she's young and we would  like prank call her at Knott's Berry Farm.
  Like we would call her work phone, collect and like, so one she'd have to accept a charge  cause she thought something was wrong.
  And then we'd just be like, miss you mom.
  It would even be bad.
  It would just be like, hi.
  We thought we were pranking her.
  That's the sweetest prank I've ever heard.
  Yeah.
  That's usually what it was.
  Or that we were like bored, which is like, you know, such a spoiled little brat, so Cal  kid thing.
  We're bored at Berry Farm.
  Are you done with work?  So stupid.
  I mean, that's nice.
  Yeah.
  That's a good place to be.
  You know, if you can be bored at the theme park, I guess you can just be bored anywhere  and not spend that money to be there instead.
  Right.
  Were you ever just around?  Would you always stay in Knott's or would you go into any of the other great parts of  the greatest city in the world, Buena Park?  So, yeah, there's, you know, a lot of Buena Park even to this day has remained unexplored.
  If Buena Park was like in like a video game, like most of the map would still be red for  me.
  Like I just had not gotten to it.
  But that strip, that strip leading up to Knott's Berry Farm, I think there's some, well, there's  a lot of shit.
  Like the medieval times is like, all right.
  Like it's that's good for like a fun sort of just like, you know, maybe like tongue in  cheek outing for an excellent meal for the finest meal.
  Oh, yeah, I wouldn't.
  It's like it's it's better than any meal I've ever had.
  Certainly.
  It's great.
  That's great.
  That's where you go.
  If you're really like if like the Pope's in town or something, you take the Pope to.
  If you're entertaining a Pope, make sure he's going to want to be in a palace first of all.
  Right.
  He'll get to sit where the king is, I assume.
  They will.
  The king will make room for him.
  I would hope so.
  Otherwise, I hope they're prepared to shut down.
  Yeah.
  But they just added portos.
  He drives the Pope Mobile.
  Sorry, I was going to say he drives the Pope Mobile on the dirt before.
  It just runs over the jouster.
  Yeah.
  Pope always wins.
  Sorry.
  It goes like night.
  Sure.
  Most nights, you know, would beat anybody.
  But the Pope.
  Sorry.
  Pope always wins.
  He wins.
  He demands to take home a soup pitcher, the pitcher they walk around holding soup in that  they serve it to you.
  Funny enough, that's the same demand Jason made.
  Yes.
  When we were there.
  I always wanted like a sword.
  I always wanted like a light up sword.
  The one time I got one, I had it for like a day and then I was like, well, this is bullshit.
  It's not even good.
  Like it's it's a bad souvenir.
  It's a waste of a souvenir.
  A cup would be better because you could use a cup longer.
  Yeah.
  It's practical.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  I cut you off.
  What were you saying before?  Oh, there's like a portos over there in Buena Park now.
  And I take gigantic portos.
  And I feel like the quality across like portos in general is like very high.
  Like it's very hard.
  There's only there's not that many of them, but there are more now than there were like  like even five years ago or something.
  But they're all very good.
  There's a claim jumper over there that I think I've been the most full I've ever been in  my life eating at the claim jumper.
  It's like not in a good way.
  I hated it.
  I hated that I ate that.
  Oh, yeah.
  Too full.
  This is what it is.
  They're off.
  Yeah, that should be on their like sign outside.
  Like eat more than you ever have and hate yourself.
  It's like I ordered like what you would think is like a normal amount of food, but for some  reason it was just so dense.
  I was just like, how?  I didn't even eat like like four meals.
  I mean, good places, right?  Clean jumper is I figured figured out it is not good.
  I think it's bad.
  I don't want to accept what you're saying, but you probably are right.
  But I feel like I've eaten like I go have a club sandwich and then they bring over like  three plate like each part of the sandwich has its own plate.
  It's so big.
  And then I do finish it and I go, well, that wasn't very good.
  And you're always eating there right before you got to go to the airport.
  So that adds to the stress.
  So low.
  It is definitely one in Burbank.
  Yeah.
  And in an office building, in terms of the hierarchy of Landry restaurants, it's definitely  leaning more towards rainforest cafe than yard house.
  Not yard house.
  So I would I would tip that scale the other way.
  I would think I think rainforest cafe good.
  You know, I went to the last one in the Los Angeles area, which is at the Ontario Mills  Mall.
 I was there with with old bug main and we I thought the legitimate ribs, very good  ribs.
 I was shockingly sad.
  I was picturing just bullshit.
  And he was very excited because they had a menu that was all like it said this was  developed by the executive chef at the Animal Kingdom location.
  Oh, wow.
  I like it.
 Specific rainforest cafe chefs.
  And he was like, you can taste it.
  You can taste the animal kingdom magic straight from the top.
  These recipes are coming from like the like the prime location.
  That's great.
 The most high pressure location.
  I mean, that's the spotlights on you at that one.
  So, yeah, I was sad now.
  Great.
 And we were like, I think the only people in there on a Tuesday afternoon.
  It's one of the last things I did before the lockdown.
  And it got me transitioned to there being no people around anywhere.
  That's that's that's a while to think about.
  I don't even remember the last restaurant.
  That's such a memorable restaurant to go out on if restaurants never come back.
  Yeah.
 My final restaurant had like a  sort of glitchy speaker elephant  that no one was paying attention to.
  You can't confuse it with any other one.
  That's all the way on.
  Yeah, it was very just that fluorescence.
  Who cares? We don't need a mood here.
  The only thing that would beat it is like, oh, yeah, the last thing  last place they ate before quarantine was Chuck E.
  Cheese.
 Yeah.
  Or like soup plantation, because like that closed because of this.
  Like imagine you're like there the day before they close.
 Right.
  Genuinely, the last one I read the last resort I went to is closed.
  Now the place Conrad's in Glendale, this diner I really like,  it's where I was there when like I looked at the TV and what?  No more NBA.
 Oh, fuck.
  And then now that place does not exist anymore.
  Man, like I guess I could have seen it coming.
  All right.
 Pecan Reds, Glendale locals.
  Matt, the last place I'll ask is, do you have any fond memories of McThriller?  The McDonald's in Pointe du Parc?  You know, is that the one that's like right there?  I've been to that McDonald's and I don't remember.
  I mean, I feel like every McDonald's I went to as a kid was just like,  oh, my God, is this going to be the best day of my life?  Are you kidding me? I'm at McDonald's today and I get to play in here.
  But I don't remember like that.
  I feel like that one maybe had like a kiosk that had like N64 controllers  like way past when like N64 was like out.
  I feel like they had it through GameCube.
  They had him for like a really long time.
  But I don't remember like being particularly like, now this is McDonald's.
  And I say that and I don't mean to drop this flex, and I'm very,  very sorry for what I'm about to do.
  I am from Downey, California, which is home of the oldest operating McDonald's.
  So I come with a very exciting McDonald's.
  Well, I've been there.
 I've been to that one.
  There's like a little museum, essentially.
  Yes.
 And it's, you know, boring, but it's like kind of cool.
  Like there's it is sort of just like, hey, look, an old menu.
  Yeah.
 Like, it's not like that cool,  but it's like to see old pictures and like to read a plaque about, you know,  uh, how Ray Croc is a hero.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 They've got Ray Croc's loafers.
  These are the loafers he was wearing when he when he put the nail in the coffin  of the McDonald's brothers.
  This is that powdered ice cream he switched to for the first time.
  This is the handkerchief he let that lady  borrow who he stole and became his wife.
  What are the chances that Ray Croc ever set foot in Walter Nott's Freedom Center?  Wow.
  Seems like they could have been friends.
  Yeah.
 Friends.
 Hi, I would think.
  I would hope I would hope that he got to.
  That's what I'll say.
 I hope that he did.
  You know, I mean, we all look, I'll Google it.
  I don't think we're going to have a result, but I'll try.
  Feels like they they would have gotten along.
  Well, actually, while you Google that, I just want to share the fact that,  I mean, I always bring up McThriller because I love it.
  There used to be a ride in there and isn't anymore.
  But I forget another big McThriller detail,  which is that it's the only place in my life where I've ever won a claw machine.
  Wow.
 Like, it's such a hard thing to do.
 And I did it there.
  And it was very, it was very like, you know, 50s dates where, uh, I'm,  I'm there with Aaron, my now wife, and, uh,  she married me because of this, because of my.
  It was a dare.
 It was a bet.
  You got to marry me.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Look, and there was a, yeah, the bear was,  there was a little bear that was attached to a,  luckily a $4,000 wedding ring.
  I only put in a quarter, but, um, no, I like, uh, I, I,  I went for it and I went for a, uh,  this awesome looking teddy bear that was wearing a little shirt that says Pepsi  bear.
 And, uh, and Pepsi bear has been in our home ever since we love Pepsi bear.
  So I'm really fond memories for me there.
  The only thing I ever won in my whole life.
  And the McThriller had a simulator.
  Yeah, I think so.
 There's very little information about what it was.
  I don't think I ever got on it, but I remember being like, well,  we have to do this, right? And my mom was like, well, no, we're going to,  we're going to not, what do you do? No.
  Yeah.
 We need to find in the, maybe it's in the archives.
  It's gotta be in the archives somewhere.
 What it was,  what the simulator actually was.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Uh, cause do it, if it was McDonald's themed and that's what you  really want is that it was like a tree that you're, you know,  trying to run over the hamburger and stop them for good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You're like riding grimace or something.
 Yeah.
  You're on his back.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Swinging wildly.
 Get on my back quick.
  Punch that bastard.
  It was probably just though, like a simulator explaining to you how great  Ray Kroc was.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was just, you would like,  and then you're like running over people on your way to the top.
 Maybe.
  Yeah.
 It's like a dark ride slash like hall of presidents, like simulator.
  So it's like a screen that's showing you these things.
  It's not built all the way in and it's, but it's like an hour and a half.
  You're just like,  feature length.
  A part of a ride where you have to watch him meet, uh,  Carrie J Sonnenfeld.
 Is that the right?  I'm trying to quickly look up who BJ Novak played in that movie.
  I only see the first part of his name.
 So that might be, I'll go with Raleigh  Smith.
 Then he met Raleigh Smith.
  The thing shakes wildly.
  When you shake Raleigh Smith's hand for the first time,  the simulator goes up and down to simulate shake it.
 Yeah, that's good.
  That's what the thriller was.
 Yeah, no.
  You can see, you can feel the,  you can feel Ray jump for joy when he divorces his wife.
  Ethel,  younger woman.
  The founder popped up on one of the streaming services in the last few weeks.
  And I went, Oh, the founder.
 And I'm like, wait a minute.
 I sold the founder.
  It feels like it's stuff started with like the social network and then like you  hit money ball and then you get to the fit, like all of these,  like bio picks about guys.
 Like,  yeah, they just kind of drop off and like that falls in like a,  like a sort of sub category for me that I, I,  I'll like any movie that's like this,  where it's just like watching like people like a boring movie where people just  do their job.
 Like that's like, I love that.
 Like,  I don't think the, like the post is obviously a very good movie,  but it's also like, they're just doing their job.
  And I watched every like second of that movie, just being like,  this is the best movie I've ever seen.
 I love this.
  So that makes sense.
  So you would watch a movie about a, what is his name?  Wells Wellington, Bud Hurlbitt Wendell.
 Excuse me.
  You will watch a movie about Wendell, Bud Hurlbitt making miniature,  antique trains.
 Yeah,  that would be a top 10 movie for me.
 I think  no conflict.
 Just yeah.
  He ran out of polish.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'd go for the Hurlbitt.
  I don't know.
 I'd have to look up what he looks like.
 I don't know.
  I don't have off the top of my head a good Hurlbitt biopic.
  Sure.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Why am I thinking it has to be an old man?  Yeah.
 It's fine.
 The hotter, the better.
 Yeah.
  Cause then you're just like, I have to pay attention to this thing, this thing.
  I got hunk's doing this.
 I'm in.
 Yeah.
  Unki is a log builder.
  Yeah, boy.
 Bud Hurlbitt.
  I'm so excited we get to say that name a lot today.
  But but Hurlbitt, I guess.
  We talked to you about your or Jason Jason was asking about your,  your not experience.
 And and this is this is a not classic.
 Were you like,  were you especially fond of this one? Was this a good early? Do you like,  could you, did you like this one before you were willing to brave bigger,  tougher rides? I feel like, yeah, this was like, you know,  from like my early childhood, like this was like as far as I would go,  like outside of like camp Snoopy, I'd be like, well,  I have to get on the log ride, you know? So then I, then, you know,  I feel like when did Jaguar open? Like that was probably like 97 or something.
  I think sounds right.
 And so I remember being like, okay, well,  that's like a roller coaster, but it doesn't have any loops.
  That seems like, okay.
 And then you like get on that.
 And there was,  you know, there's some rides I'd never been on to this day because I was like,  well, I'm never going to get on boomerang and now it turns out I can't.
  I think, I think it's done.
  But I loved the log ride, even though it has no discernible,  it has nothing for a little boy to enjoy.
 There's nothing,  there is nothing fun about the log ride, except that you are,  you get splashed and there is like a fun drop,  but like maybe there is something to trace this back to like just watching like  these men do their job, like has impacted how I enjoy media,  because that ride is just people sawing and then like sitting down after  sawing and like, that's it.
 That's the whole ride.
  Yeah.
  That's a Knott's like tradition is just to see people kind of doing their normal  day.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's just like,  at least I, you know, not to talk about Disneyland,  which is only like a few miles away.
 But it,  at least those rides are based on like IP that you recognize.
  So like, even if it's like not a whole lot going on, you're like, oh great,  look, there's a thing that I remember, or, you know, at least in camp Snoopy,  there's like Snoopy iconography.
 And in, in this part of the park,  it is only old, like, like, I guess,  loggers and miners and stuff.
 Yeah.
  Tough job, hard physical labor.
 Yeah.
  The the IP of the Calico goes town is the fortitude of the 49ers.
  The steadfastness of the American West.
 Yeah.
  The most intellectual property there is.
 Yeah.
  They used to, I mean, not was an easy, like school,  what is that called? Field trip, field trip type thing.
 Or like,  if it was a summer day camp situation,  that'd be like the last place we would go at like the final week.
  You know,  excursion was not very far on like the Friday of that last week of camp and you  would go and you know, just drink as much boys and berry punch as you could,  as much as you could have.
 Oh yeah.
 That sugar will go right to your head.
  Yeah.
 Because nots, nots has the bare minimum of educational stuff.
  And I, I am a little sad.
  I never saw like a nineties knots where they were just jamming in a roller  coaster and like any storefront and like they would just jam and roller coasters  wherever.
 Because like nowadays,  nots looks all like freshly painted and like timber mountain log ride,  which celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2019 was kind of the,  the big impotent, like they were like, well,  let's redo this a little and that kind of set them off on a streak of like  gussying up their like older rides.
  And being about becoming a charming park again, as opposed to just,  here's a steel pink coaster next to a steel bright purple coaster next to a,  just a big unthemed drop.
  If it got like the skyline got sort of ugly for a little while.
  And now it's like the homey nice part again.
  It had to sort of reckon with like, like, I don't know.
 I mean,  it's, it's very much in Disneyland shadow, you know,  like cause it is sort of like the lesser park,  but it's a little cheaper for entry and like it has some,  it has things that Disneyland doesn't have,  which is like legitimate thrill rides.
  But it's a mess.
 Like I think the park is a mess.
  And it's, I mean, in the, I haven't been in a couple of years,  I think, but like the last few times I was there, I was like,  it's remarkably dirtier.
  You would never see as much filth on the ground at Disneyland at any given time  that you would cause like they, they won't allow it there.
  Like there are people are those people at Disneyland are just constantly sweeping.
  Like, but at Knott's Berry Farm, you could walk by barf,  like for an hour, like the same puddle of barf.
  You could walk by it like three times and like it's not,  it's not cleaned up at not.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Knott's, I feel like Knott's, I can still get lost in.
  So I feel like they probably don't have as many janitors.
  And then also maybe the janitors are getting a little lost walking around as  well.
  They just don't have great bearings on the park.
  Cause you're like, Oh, there's like just dead ends.
 There's a lot of dead ends.
  It's not a good point.
 Yeah.
  Matt, would you know your way around if you were just plopped into not,  could you take people around or would you need to like, yeah, wait,  where's that? Is that in the twenties?  There was a time.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  You have to know the numbers of like where we are.
 Like the, I,  there was a time probably in like maybe the mid 2000s, like, uh,  like to like early like 2010s where I would have been able to do that.
  But now that information is just like, it's lost.
 Like, cause there's, I,  I used to go there.
  It would be like a sort of like on off situation where I'd have like a Disney  pass and then the next year we would do not.
  And then there were some times where we had both and then we would just start  neglecting not very far because I, you know, come on.
  Yeah.
 It's a weird way to go constantly for a whole year.
  No.
 And like, cause we would go like there was like, just for an example,  we'd go to not probably like on some weekends, but there were a couple of times,  like there was times when we had Disneyland passes a ride,  be at Disneyland a couple of times a week, cause it was not that far away.
  And it would just be like something to do like after five,  when I was off school or something.
  Yeah.
 I seriously, uh, there,  there has been a little bit of a fight for the,  I think the soul of knots in the last so many years was kind of we were talking  about.
 And I do think the people in charge know they're going in the right  direction.
 They just plus up their raft ride with a little more animatronic fun.
  Um, and I think it's also just like,  people have such affection for like classic knots.
 One of the,  I think I'm sure we've talked about it after the fact,  but we had an interview with a Disney Imagineer, Tony Baxter.
  And my favorite part of that interview two years ago is that he said that one of  the things he does in his spare time is sits around with his friends and tries  to think of how to fix knots, Barry.
  Amazing.
  Which was like, I popped so hard.
  Yeah.
 I can't believe that's the coolest thing I've ever heard.
  Cause like if anybody can do it, probably like that's incredible.
  Um, Scott, that's a wrestling term meaning, uh, exploded with like cheer.
  It does not mean got a boner.
  See, that's what I thought, but I was like, fine.
 I was okay with it.
  I mean, did I get maybe like kind of a boner?  Yeah.
  The word hard was in there too.
 So I popped hard.
  What's so weird about it?  It's wrestling.
  I popped a hard one.
 Yes.
 Yeah, Mike,  but it's slang in some other industries too.
  That's fair.
 I mean, it's honestly,  it works in whatever context you want it to work.
 Sure.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
  Flexible verb.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Um, yeah, that was, that was very cool.
 Um, but I also, I guess, um,  growing up, if you were sort of at the middle school, the teenager, uh,  in that age range, did you find this ride?  Was it exciting because there was a drop or was everything leading up to the  drop as sort of dull and workman like,  I think, yeah, cause like there's honestly, I don't know,  I feel like I would get on that ride and it would just be like, because it's,  you know, it's not a quick ride, but it's not like the longest ride either.
  Like the Calico mine ride, you're sitting in there for a while, but like the,  uh, the log ride is like probably like four minutes long or something.
  So it was just nice to when you're sitting down, you're getting a nice breeze.
  You're maybe getting a little splash.
 It was more like a utilitarian than it was  fun.
 Like you're sort of like, well,  I'm going to just get a little bit of a rest and a bit of a splash.
 Uh,  and then you get a little thrill from the drop and like the drop is the whole  thing.
 I'm not looking around being like these animatronics are so good.
  Cause like when I was going, it hadn't been refurbished yet.
  So they were like old and shitty.
 Uh, like it, like I knew not,  like before, I guess they started caring about it again.
  They were starting to add a bunch of stuff and they were just like, you know,  going like Sim city all over it and just putting stuff wherever it sort of fit.
  Uh, not really thinking about like the theming of it or whatever.
 Uh,  and it was, you know, I still liked it.
 I like,  it's also like you're waiting in line and I guess then that's like when you're  like talking, it would like your, you know, my brothers are like, are, you know,  our group of friends or whatever.
 And it's just a nice, it's a nice cue.
 You know,  it's a, you're sort of just like in the rocks and I'm getting like,  I'm looking at a picture of it right now and I can like smell the water,  like, you know, that water smell.
 Oh yeah.
 So yeah, it's not like,  it's like, I don't know.
 I think it's one of the,  there's something about it that is classic that like when you're on it,  you're just sort of like, wow, this ride is so old.
 Uh, but like,  I think I would probably place it, um, in,  in like the upper tier of rides at knots, like even though it's not,  there's nothing fancy about it.
 I still just think it's like, it's great.
  It's not even the best log ride I've ever been on.
 Like, but it's like, it's good.
  Sure.
 But it's, but it's a, it's a themed knots experience, which they aren't,  all of them are not.
  It's the least offensive log ride I've been on.
  Yes.
 That is the funny thing.
  It beats last mountain by about 20 years and is somehow less problematic in this  day and age because like, do we, the most, the most, I guess, like,  well, there's a couple of like hitchhikers with bindles.
 Uh,  I guess that's unfortunate, but they seeming good spirits.
  And it's not like you slow down and hear anyone's philosophy on the ride,  any of the robots.
  We don't know anything about them.
 That's true.
  We know nothing about them.
  Who they've killed or what other dark deeds they've done.
  They're all like Daniel plane views with dark stories to tell.
  You know, honestly, they all,  if you look at each robot on this and, and, and on the, uh, uh,  mine cart ride at knots,  every man look into his eyes and you know he's killed and that he has seen some  shit and his movie would make an insane, excuse me,  his life would make an insane movie.
  It's just a matter of did he kill for, for good? Was it, uh, you know,  to save someone or help the world in some other way,  but he for sure has killed.
  I mean, I would say most of them have not killed for good.
  Definitely have it.
 Right.
  We should say for anybody who doesn't know this ride or what's,  what's in it exactly.
 So it opened in 1969.
 So, you know, this,  as Jason said way before splash mountain way before, you know,  it's a little past parts of the Caribbean rides with a bunch of animatronics are  not very common and they were pretty rudimentary at the time.
 But, um,  it was not the first log flume.
  There had been a couple of those all kind of built by the same company arrow,  but this was maybe the first heavily themed one.
  And if you haven't been on it, just,  just to help the viewer or the listener picture it, it's you,  you, you are just in a literal log, the logging, uh,  factory essentially you're like, you go through a mill.
  And then where you say you are seeing real machinery that would have been used  to prepare logs.
 And then that sends you, uh, through a,  and I didn't realize log of flume was a real thing.
  It was a way to transport logs upstream.
 Uh, uh, so, you know,  they build these big shoots and you pass through towns and see, you know, uh,  forest creatures and stuff.
 So that, so it,  I don't think I ever understood what the story was exactly.
  They're in the factory and then your log is being sent up a river where you see  little settlements and animals and that kind of thing.
 So that, that's what,  what's happening narratively in this, right?  Yeah, I didn't realize that either, but then there's like,  I've seen a couple, I'm sure old cartoons where it's logs going down a  river.
 So it's like, Oh, yes, that I should have known that before.
  I should have put that together.
  Yeah.
 Well you, cause you could just send a log down the river,  but what if you want to go up the river? Well, you got to build a flume.
  And they would in the 1800s build these things that people would try to ride  them like a ride.
  But obviously that was far more dangerous than the theme park log flume  experience.
  Is the rider supposed to take the POV of a,  of a logger or the log?  I think you are a log.
  I think because nobody's ever,  being a log rider is a weird other experience.
  Like only the craziest daredevils in 1870 are doing that.
  And you hear sounds.
 I don't think I ever put any of this together too,  that you hear grinding,  which is supposed to indicate that the log is being sheer.
  I don't know what the word is.
 Like,  you're going through log processing essentially.
  Yeah.
 So I would say maybe is you, maybe you are a log.
  They'd be like, you're crazy for doing this.
  I can't believe you're the most wild person in the whole wilderness.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Be careful.
 Duck.
 You might get commands.
  And so on.
  The only thing is on the, on the Halloween overlay,  a bear does address you at the end of the ride.
  So was he talking to you or the log? Cause he goes trick or treat at the end.
  And what do you be saying? Trick or treat to a log that's been processed?  Maybe, maybe if you're an exceptional log,  because you get to see the logs being cut down at the start,  and then you get to go to a hootenanny,  you regardless of the seasonal overlay or not,  there is a hootenanny in the middle of the ride.
  And then you go at the processing hill and dumped down.
  So maybe you are like the one millionth log and they're  celebrating you being sent down the flume.
  Yeah.
 Your, your role on the ride is millionth log.
  The specialist log.
  But that's every log.
  But if every log has that experience, then every log is an exceptional log.
  Can every log be an exceptional log?  The answer of course is no, but in the narrative of the ride,  you're not supposed to see the other logs.
 It's the same way where like,  you know, rise of the resistance is really, you're only supposed to be going.
  It's only happening to you.
  It's only you're really yourself in the little party you're with,  and you're not really supposed to know that there's a whole line behind.
  And the subtext of all of Walter Knott's rides is that like,  well, yes, you are exceptional,  but you had to pull yourself up by your bootstraps.
 You know,  you had to work for it 80 hours a week.
 You know.
  He admired the log, the mighty log that helped to build  America.
 You know,  so this is really a tribute to the log, you know, it housed people.
  It kept them warm.
  Yeah.
 You know, we don't give enough credit to the log at this day and age.
  We kind of forget, we've forgotten,  and I hope that younger people can, you know, pick up where we left off.
  Well, I think kids today, now that they've,  they've done a little sprucing up of this,  we'll really more appreciate the mighty log.
  And what we all live in places that involve wood,  but none of them look like logs.
 So we forget the importance of the log.
  I assume I'm looking at all of your zoom screens and none of you live in a log  cabin.
 No, no.
 And that's, that's my shame.
  Yeah.
 That's my cross the bear.
 I have, I have to deal with that.
  The only real patriotic way to live is a log cabin the way Lincoln did.
  There's a, um,  there's like a concession stand that I love that's near the log ride.
  And it's not like a good, it's not like it's a special concession stand,  but it's like you get, it's like right when you get off in the exit,  there's like straight across and you're like, okay,  now it's time for some funnel cake, baby.
 It's like right there.
  It's right by the bathrooms.
 Yes, exactly.
 So there's a really good, like, okay,  we're, we're off the log ride, go to the bathroom.
  I'm going to get in line, get a treat.
  Now everyone's got treats when they're done with the bathroom.
  It's like a win-win for everybody.
  That is a lot of your theme park hierarchy of needs right there in one  central side, a log flume and a funnel cake and, uh,  facilities, you know, get an icy there too.
 Yes.
  You can get like a, uh, a Knott's Berry Farm,  exclusive boys and Berry punch.
 I see.
  Well, really? Yeah.
 At least when I was going, you could do that.
  And you can get that punch, but the icy version was like the treat.
  Wow.
 I've actually never heard of that.
 I'm not sure if they have that anymore,  but that's it was, look, I was an icy kid that would have thrilled me.
 Yeah.
  You would've lost your mind.
 But the, cause I loved getting the punch.
  I just love that punt and I would get it today.
 Like if I could,  I like want it so bad, like just talking about it, I want it.
  Do you like the boys and Berry beer? Have you tried that?  I have not tried that.
 Does it as sweet? Yes.
  It's getting there.
 Yeah.
 It's pretty sweet.
 It's pretty crazy.
  I like it.
 I like all of it.
 I'd like, you know, the,  the real contribution that not has given us is the boys and Berry.
  Didn't know about it before.
 The humble boys and Berry.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  There should be a ride where you are the boys and Berry going through processing  beer to make the icy, to make the churro boys, very churro.
  There's a, and there's that, um,  there's like this weird thing that's like right next to it.
  That's like always closed.
 It's like a theater.
 It looks like a theater sort of,  I have a story about that place.
  Yeah, go ahead.
  My, in my high school, I think this is the last time I went to Nott's,  but no, I went for a not scary farm like two years after that.
 But, uh,  one of the last times I went was, um,  my high school had their winter formal dance there in that, like, sort of like,  in that room.
 Um, and so then you can go on the road.
  Um, and so then you can go on the rides.
 Not all the rides are open,  but like the log ride was open and, um, that like spinny ride that's nearby.
  That's like, just like any sort of like bullshit carnival ride.
 Um,  and a couple of the other rides, but not everything.
 Um, and the,  the reason it's memorable is because I was, um,  I was a nominee for winter formal King.
 Um,  and I did get it and I won.
  And before anyone thinks this is great,  I must point out that the student body did not vote  me in no one,  the student body did not vote for winter formal King and Queen teachers did.
  So the teachers at my high school  were like, you know, who's, who's a great kid, man, let's nominate him.
  And it was me and other couple of really nice boys,  but I was the nicest boy of them all.
 And I won.
  Teachers said I was a good boy.
  Welcome brother.
  Safe sharing that with the other, with the other good boys.
  You started out saying you were bad and it's very clear you were the opposite.
  Well, I was good, but like, if you asked my mom, three boys, like at once,  she was like, they were, uh, that was the nightmarish.
  It sounds like you were, it sounds like you were a handful.
 Yeah.
  I go as far to say even like a scamp,  but that's lovable.
 That's a, oh yeah.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
  Those nice words always put before the word scamp.
 Yeah.
  One of those kids that the teachers would be like, Matt, stop talking.
  And then I'd say something funny and everyone laugh and the teacher would laugh  and they're like, I can't stay mad.
 And somebody, I remember this happened to me.
  And then I heard like,  it was funny cause Paul of Tompkins has a bit about calling a crown, a King hat.
  And somebody asked me if they could put on my King hat,  like while I was on stage getting it.
 And I was like, that's not what it's called.
  And then I heard that bit and I was like, see, it's a thing that people say.
  Wow.
 They wanted it right then.
 It was your first moment to wear it.
  Did you wear it on the rides? No, I remember it.
 Well,  I have a gigantic head and it did not fit all the way.
  Like it was just something that I had to rest on my head.
 And you know,  the further you pushed down on it, it looked, it looked very silly.
  But it was, yeah, it was too small for my gigantic head.
  Very relatable for me.
 Very relatable.
  Were you excited when you got that on or were you like a little embarrassed  cause you felt like the kids are going to goof on you or was it like, hell yeah,  I'm awesome.
  No, it's back then it was probably one of the things I was the most embarrassed  of like ever in like my life.
  And there's now I sort of like have owned it and that gets a funny story.
  It's a funnier story now than it was like when it was happening,  but it was not like anything bad was happening.
 Like,  like when that honor was bestowed upon me, I was just like,  I don't even want to go to this.
  Now I got to go into this because I'm like, the teachers think I'm nice.
  And then I was like, well that, you know,  I got some really great teachers.
 I better go make them proud.
  I went with my parents.
  And we went to the end of the day, your teacher deference one.
  We went to islands before too.
 So not the worst night in the world.
  I'll tell you what.
  Well, there we go.
  That was great.
 And the log flu.
 I'd love to have this day right now.
  I want to be the winter formal king.
  I have a,  I have an islands gift card in my wallet right now that I haven't used like that  I got since Christmas and I'm just like just Jones in for some tortilla soup,  baby.
  Heartbreaking.
  That's the last restaurant I went to before quarantine.
  That's great.
 That's great.
  That's a good one to go out on.
  It was Saturday.
 It was Saturday.
 And we're like, Hey, this coronavirus,  Lindsey and I are like, this coronavirus thing is really going to be, is it,  huh? Shouldn't we lock everything down right now? And we're like, yeah,  I guess so.
 Huh? Okay.
 Eat, eat, eat.
  Three to four days later, everything shut down.
  I was at Disneyland the week before we went on lockdown.
  Like it was just me too.
  Me too.
 Me too.
  Four days before.
 Yeah.
  I was in, I was in line at big thunder and I saw an alert on my phone that said  orange County declares like state of emergency or something.
  And I'm in line at big thunder.
 I'm like, huh? Okay.
  And I remember texting and Jason was like, ah,  they just have to do that to open up some funds.
  And I was like, Oh, okay.
 That makes sense.
 Got it.
  Yeah.
 I was in Vegas not too long before.
 And I was like,  God, there's a lot of hand sanitizer and Hey,  I don't remember this much hand sanitizer everywhere.
  Did you take bets on when it would be over?  I should have taken a prop that I should have taken.
  Cover the spread.
  What if I knew just a real crazy bet? Like what if it went for like,  I don't know, 18 months?  Not that that'll happen.
 If I did, I'd be a millionaire.
  I don't know.
 I can't pinpoint the exact restaurant because I know there must  have been something in between this,  but the ones that stick out in my mind were the vague were like Italy and Roy  Choi's best friend.
 Like in my Vegas trip.
  It wants to go out.
  Mm hmm.
 That's for speaking of quality restaurants.
  I dropped out for a second because I really wanted to specifically say the name  of whatever the place is that you called out or you can get the funnel cakes  after you go on the log ride.
 And after some searching,  I determined that the name of this restaurant is log ride funnel cake.
  It's me on the map.
 Like which one is it? Oh, there, there.
  I think that's probably it.
  What the part of the charm of Knott's Berry Farm is how sort of like slapped  together it is like they could have beaten that.
  They could have absolutely come up with something better than that,  but they were just like, well, where is it?  What does it serve? OK, great.
  Log ride funnel cake.
  They name it like they're submitting things for like fire codes.
  This is where the city, we just need to name it something for the city, say,  you know, to release the funds.
 That's like a translation.
  That's like that what the like the official English for it would be.
  But it's like it would be translated somewhere else.
  Oh, if you went from English to another language and back.
  Yeah.
 And it's like original good time pizza place.
  Yeah, I wonder.
  They I mean, they've been doing it seemingly from what we've understood.
  They've been doing a lot with a little.
  I wonder if that's even on the list of like they have a little bit of a theming  idea and they're just like, yeah, but we don't we don't we don't have that  twenty dollars to paint a new sign.
  We're such pretty thin here.
  We really like to woodworking station where you can get like a custom sign.
  They could do it in house.
  Well, that's one of the things I wanted to do before all this shit was to get.
  I was literally looking up like prices on that.
  I wanted to go to knots and get a sign made with my, you know,  with my family's name on me and my wife and my son's name and a good old car.
  You know, really curly carved ampersand.
  Yeah.
 And then I didn't get to do it because everything shut down.
  Hmm.
 I like the signs.
  I'm glad you called out the signs.
  Why is it good? They're good.
  Those are I'm sure the person who knows them there are good.
  I found I'm on Facebook as a like on a fan page for, I think, the guy  who designed one of the country bears, like the carved country bear signs.
  And he still make commissions.
  Wow.
 Oh, boy.
  Oh, send us this info.
  Give us these.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, I'll send it.
  I forget exactly what his name is.
 Boy.
  Well, carving, this is what, you know, this is what this ride is about.
  You get you go up the first hill and you get carved.
  This is a rider you experience being carved.
  That that should have been the 90s tagline for it  when they're really trying to bring in the teens.
  It's a fire.
 Get car.
  Yes.
  Get decent to be in some commercials.
  Oh, yeah.
 You got to get car.
  Yeah.
 If you want to add to your campaign, get car.
  You turn clean and stuff.
  Yeah.
 All the characters.
  So that kind of is yeah, you go up a hill, you get carved.
  Then you're in a chute and then you go inside this building for show scenes,  which are like passing by little encampments.
  The first one is pretty I mean, I don't have them so clearly in my head.
  I feel like it's you know, here's a couple of people and a weird old kooky guy  and a prospector and and then you and then this town after that is  way more populous and where, as Jason said, in fact,  a real hootenanny is occurring.
 Yes.
  Well, there's an animal scenes right before that.
  There's like a campsite and there's a squirrel stealing a long underwear man's hat.
  And there's there's a wolf.
  And that's where they stick the bear at Halloween.
  And then you hit the hootenanny, including the animatronic of a man  running on a spinning log, which is very impressive to see.
  Great animatronics of like.
  I'm going to share the screen real quick, because I do want to give  I know we all know what the vibe of these men, these robot men are.
  But this one really, I think, sums up the best.
  And we'll post a photo of it on Twitter.
  This man right here.
  This look, this is the vibe of almost every robot man.
  Yeah, he is just like he looks like, I guess,  Jed Clampett from the Beverly Hillbillies.
  He looks furious.
  Why are you here?  And he does look like he's about to shout at you.
  He does not.
 But I just like if you've never been on this before  and you're not even going to watch a ride through, just know this is the vibe,  the general vibe of everyone holding some copper.
  He's near a rope.
  He's just the saltiest ride.
  No, no, as we said, no, you don't pass by anyone who's having a happy life.
  Imagine like thinking you're building this for like families and kids.
  And no one is smiling.
  No one has any.
  Like, what do you think you'd do?  Like, just now you'd have to go the Disney length, but you would think like,  well, you know, kids are going to want you to be like, hey, everybody,  we're making law, like we're carving logs today or whatever.
  It's no.
  Even some of the pirates and pirates of the Caribbean are like having fun.
  Like, you know, almost all having fun.
  Yeah, it's very joyous.
  The ghosts are all mostly having fun on Haunted Mansion.
  They're like, this is great.
 We're dead and loving it.
  Like Leslie Neal said,  as Dracula, you mean Dracula dead and loving it.
  I was going to say the Calico rides are the only rides  where the animatronics look at you and say, like, I look at people and there's  there's nothing I see in them that I like.
  Just all the Daniel Flade view.
  They're all suspect.
  They're suspicious of us passing through their towns  because they think we're going to pull a false brother scam on them.
  All this trick in the book.
  Yeah, they so like they have like what you're saying,  the long underwear man, that is like there's some whimsy in the  guy on top of the wheel.
  But you would think when you were making it, we'd be like,  well, we want this to be somewhat inviting.
  And it is not.
 Yeah, it's like it's there's  I was saying earlier, there's like almost no appeal for kids.
  Like in on this thing, like at all.
  There is nothing that if you were to like, like tell a kid about this ride  before they got on it, like to describe it to them, that would excite a kid.
  Like, OK, like except maybe drop and like water.
  Like those are the two.
 Yeah, it is fast.
  I don't know what the first time I wrote it.
  It's like if it always felt faster to me.
  I mean, I wrote it at a not scary farm.
  It was nighttime.
 It was colder.
  But just the speed of the water did make it feel very fast.
  They're churning logs out.
  They're just pushing people through that thing.
  And it is not says it's their most popular ride.
  Mm hmm.
 Wow.
 Yeah, that makes sense to me.
  I do wonder because I never obviously went to this thing as a kid.
  And I immediately when I went on it as an adult, I loved it  because it's so bizarre and weird and such a relic of its time.
  But I do wonder, I probably would not have appreciated it at all as a kid.
  I don't know, especially having been to Disney.
  I probably would have been like, well, I like the drop and it goes fast.
  But I don't know what else.
  Well, it also it also got a refresh.
  And it's hard to tell what was in the refresh and what was there before.
  And what if if, you know, did they plus up  existing animatronics or some of them entirely new?  But, you know, in I think 2013 or so was when they they refreshed  the whole thing.
 And part of that was this this animatronics company, Garner  Holt's putting in new animatronics.
  And I think, you know, they they did everything in the rapids,  right, the Calico rapids, which we talked about, you know, a year or so back.
  But I think they I think what you can definitely credit them for is the  the critters.
  I think any little, you know, like a couple of squirrels pulling on a hat,  one of them stealing something or whatever.
  And I think this bear that we talked about with the Halloween thing,  I think all of these are Garner Holt.
  So if none of that was there before, then I mean,  Matt, you're the only one who did it at the time.
  It seems like it was like entirely joyless, barely moving.
  I wish I could remember that.
  I don't remember a bear.
  And, you know, I think if I if I'm being honest,  the bear does sound like they were they were sort of eating  Disney's lunch a little bit.
  And they're like, we're going to have an unproblematic bear.
  How about this? You got you.
  You don't even know what we're about to do to you.
  Is that the next bear that wishes you trick or treat?  Well, so this I mean, we should talk about this because I think this  we've definitely talked about it on the show before.
  But, Matt, you just you just laughed and smiled when we said this happened  the same way we did on the ride when we did it.
  We didn't know it was coming.
  We were there for this Halloween overlay.
  I think they call the whole thing Halloween Hootenanny.
  Halloween Hootenanny is the name of the log ride.
  The overlay for the before they did that, it was  they did a Halloween thing called Sleepy Hollow Mountain, which  looks like they just it doesn't look as good.
  I saw a 2010 video.
  It's just not the same.
  OK, sure.
 But I we rounded a corner and, you know, it's it's  it's very confusing.
  Theming is a part where aliens have crash landed.
  Yeah, a lot of stuff all at once.
  But oh, my God, and we were out of this one river bank  and then this bear just look, it feels like he's looking straight into your eyes.
  It's it's trick or treat.
  We just laughed like we were three years old.
  And we were getting keys jangled for the just such pure joy.
  That's one of the funnier things I could think of like happening on a log ride.
  Like, that's pretty that's pretty good.
  But I I remember the theming of the the Halloween one.
  I remember being sort of unimpressed because it just seemed like they put  like like glove claws and like scary masks on some of the animatronics.
  And then like that was it.
  And I was like, OK, well, that's kind of scary.
  I'll say going on that ride during Halloween, but not at not scary farm,  like during the day before it becomes not scary.
  Farm is its own thing because it's they just cover the stuff.
  They just have it.
  So you're going through.
  Carves.
 Yeah.
  Or just like black curtains, like covering the things or like  on the scary mask animatronics, they'll just put like a like  like black bag over the over the mask.
  And so you're going through it and you're just like, this is like.
  I don't know, like the Guantanamo log ride.
  Yeah, so weird that logger has escaped a CIA black site.
 Yeah.
  They're about to dump that  animatronic into the ocean.
  There was so there were some years.
  Well, they are.
  What Walter not would have not well, he would approve the Guantanamo.
  You know, necessary measures, you know.
  Sorry, Jason, I thought that joke was so good, I kept cutting you off.
  I appreciate it.
  No, I yeah, you're right.
  There was a few years where they had actor.
  They had scare actors on this ride.
  But in terms of like safety,  the scare actors could very clearly only pop out from the emergency exits  because like these logs, they go fast.
  They can't just be like hanging by the water.
  So they're like standing on the pads, like outside of the doorways.
  And it's just like a leather face or, you know, just a general ghouly.
  Yeah, they did this.
  Yeah.
 On the other ride, too.
  Basically, at the emergency exits, they would station a human with a mask.
  And then you just go, ah, well, you were going by, which I saw in some videos.
  And when we when we did our first scary farm a couple of years ago,  they had stopped doing that.
  It feels like they they they they throw a lot at the wall at knots,  which I appreciate.
  They go, maybe that didn't work.
 Maybe they're trying.
  Maybe somebody's.
 Yeah, that's what that's what I'm saying.
  They're trying.
 They keep changing things.
  To that end, can I say I found a list of all of the Halloween overlays  that they've done of this ride? Oh, yes.
  Oh, I mean, most of there's not detailed information about most of them,  but just the names.
  This is such a blast.
  It started with Terror Mountain, then Satan's Sawmill,  Sorcerer's Lair, Nightmare Mountain,  realm of the sorcerer, switched from a lair to a realm.
  Santa Claus Mountain spelled like Bear Claus.
  Scary Santa.
  Pretty scary.
 Yeah, I mean, yeah, if he if he goes terrifying,  if he goes rabid,  I was the camp gonna getcha.
  You know, it's put together in that camp naming way.
  Red Moon Massacre.
  I mean, these are just all kick ass names no matter what it's for.
  Pyro maniacs with an X.
  Wow.
 Oh, Sleepy Hollow Mountain, as Jason said.
  At one point, they did a tie in to the Evil Dead.
  They did one of the rare Knott's IP crossovers.
  There ever was in this video of it.
  I didn't get to watch it,  but I think there may be characters from the Evil Dead world on it.
  But the absolute best one, at least in terms of description,  is I think it's from 1988, Toxic Terror, because this one,  there is a plot and the plot rules.
  This is official Knott's copy.
  In the not too distant future,  the Timber Mountain Logging Company has been acquired by Knox Co.
  Inc.
, a multinational conglomerate that manufactures chemicals,  plastics and industrial grade phlegm employees mutated by exposure  to the fuming mixture of goo delight in processing our guests.
  So Jesus, right along with the bubbling waste,  if the visitors survive being dunked in acid and sprayed with ooze,  can they live through the final plunge into the sludge pond?  Wow.
 Amazing.
  They kept the mythology.
  It's still the Timber Mountain Logging Company, but it got bought out.
  And it's a commentary on current, you know, toxic avengers sort of stuff.
  It's like the Ninja Turtles with the ooze company.
  And this is like of the era.
 It's topical.
  Those rules.
 They.
  Yeah.
 When we when we were talking to the people behind the scenes,  it nots a couple of years ago, too.
  It feels like I mean, we know for sure they have a lot more freedom than Disney,  but they get a little budget and it seems like they get to make up  fun names and do cool stuff with a little amount of money.
  So it's it does seem like, you know, we'd all want to do a little imagineering.
  But really, nots might be where it's at.
  We could maybe realistically like name a Halloween overlay.
  Yeah, it's yeah.
  Obviously, yeah.
 Who wouldn't want to be an Imagineer?  But.
 Your hit rate of getting things through is going to be higher at not.
  Absolutely.
 Oh, yeah.
  Throw whatever you want out and they'll be like, yeah, I guess.
  If we could design this, the sign for the funnel cake stand even.
  That's probably much more likely to happen than us.
  You know, we have a regular name or a horror name.
  Can we do a horror overlay over the funnel?  Oh, I'm sure we can.
  Log, right?  Funnel cake.
  Mummy cakes, mummel cakes.
  They kind of does kind of look like bandages.
 Yeah.
  That's a pile of loose mummy bandages, not a funnel cake.
  That's good.
 I was going to say like it's cooked fingers, maybe.
  Oh, finger cakes.
  Finger fungal.
  Wait, there you go.
 Fungal cake.
  And you do gross colors like green.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Like the red buns, like the red buns.
  They put sandwiches on.
  That's terrible.
  You're under your favorite, Scott, the red.
  Waited so long for food and then it was a red bun.
  The red buns we ate were not good.
  Oh, boy.
 But fungal cakes.
  This is good.
 And you could put, you know, maybe you do like toss in  a finger that once you bite it, it's like brownie pieces or something.
  You know, there's ways story are you put like a gummy spider in there or something?  Yeah, for sure.
 We could do we could do this.
  This is more achievable.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We're proving it on the fly.
  And it goes along with kind of the playfulness of like, well, Halloween,  Hootenanny, it's just like a bunch of grays showed up and they put on a party  for them and there's a bear who talks and a gray alien plays a banjo.
  Like fungal cakes is kind of like mischievous,  kind of like a scam designed like a like a Matt Apodaca designed  or approved scam.
  Top scam.
  I would.
 Oh, man, if I could get that, if I could go back and get that  instead of Windr Formal King, I would I would prefer top scam.
  Well, on our show, that's your title.
  Yes.
 Hell, yeah.
  The Schultz scam.
  There's no there's no hat for it yet, but perhaps in the future.
  I'll I'd wear a hat that just said top scam.
  I guess that would require that would, you know, I'd probably get some look.
  No, it's fine.
  It's like it's like Jughead, a grand fun crown.
  Yeah.
 Like scamps.
  Scamps.
 Classic Jughead, like not not Riverdale Jughead,  who has like a body cow who is like blood on his hands.
  Original harmless one.
 Yeah.
  Mike, didn't you?  I feel like you used it somewhat.
  I've heard you say off hand the name of the band that plays in.
  I just realized I figured it out and now I don't know.
  I got to let me re figure it out.
  I haven't had it at one point in time.
  In this fight, and was he talk amongst yourself in this ride?  Yeah, the name of the band with the alien and the bear.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Story band, because I have the hillbillies.
  Yeah.
 Crazy Kirk and the Hillbillies did the original song for the  the new version.
 Yeah.
  And they were formerly Billy Hill in the hillbillies and played at Disneyland  for over 20 years.
  And then when Disneyland let them go nuts, got right in there,  scooped them right up, you know, that is I love it.
  It's the most incredible thing to me.
  It's like a full on sprint guy becoming Verizon.
  Yeah.
 It's like wrestlers jumping companies.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 Slightly different name.
  They got to go.
  And even even right now, like as we speak, I think it's still running knocks.
  Not just like partially open and doing an outdoor food festival.
  And the band cannot play, but they recorded an original video,  like a concert of them playing that plays on a giant screen by like picnic tables.
  Nice.
 Yeah, that's cool.
  Knots, I think, has a good idea here.
  Genuinely, the fact that they're trying to open a little bit  and just let people have some of the vibe.
  I do wonder if there is a step between Disneyland is open fully  and all the rides are there.
  And can we just like walk around and experience a little bit  and nobody does anything unsafe?  Like I do feel like Knots maybe is a pioneer in this covid era in that way.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, it's it'll be tough.
  It's like maybe the outdoor rides are open or something.
  Yeah.
 Or just let people walk around Main Street like you did.
  You could everything could be closed.
  Just let people like would you?  I don't know.
 Am I crazy?  Or aren't there people who would go to a Disneyland where there were no rides?  Yeah, I would just like 100 percent.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, I do it.
  Open the Panda Express at Knots Berry Farm.
  Open the limited menu selection.
  Any clues on that band, Mike?  I think it's the Calico coffins.
  Or a Calico coffin band, something like that.
  It's just hard to make out.
  I had it at a certain point.
  Oh, because it's we're rushing by it.
  It's hard to.
 Yeah.
  And I was a freeze frame to get if it's the same thing I had last time  where I was like, I think it's this seems seems right.
  Oh, I got it.
 I got it.
 I got it.
  Here we go.
 Here we go.
 Are we ready?  Yeah.
 The Calico coffin creepers.
  Oh, wow.
 Oh, hey.
  That's even better.
  Makes me think of Odenkirk as the Dr.
  Demento esque character, the Calico coffin creepers.
  Is he is he Daffy Mal, Yinkle, Yinkle, or is that so what else?  No, that's different.
  No, what's the name of the Demento?  I'm not I'm proving I'm not a truly encyclopedic.
  Mr.
 I remember from the Monster Party's Factor Fiction sketch.
  Let us know and we'll go.
  Hmm.
 Oh, that's right.
  Anyway, they're the creeper.
  Yeah, that's I'm glad you caught that.
  I felt I did feel like one was missing.
 Creepers is great.
  Yeah, I realized I found part of it.
  And then I just looked at my notes and I just wrote in Calico Coffin  and it showed up from a year ago.
  The name I had written down in my notes from a year ago.
 Yeah.
  This Halloween overlay, I think, is my favorite holiday overlay of all time.
  Yeah, I think I think we're forgetting, don't they put a big skull on the top also?  Oh, yeah.
 There's like a face when you walk.
  Is that what you're talking about when you go in?  Don't know.
 At least at some point in time on the like, you know,  wherever you're when you're heading up the first lift hill to be carved,  the hole that you go into, I think there's a big skull up top.
  Yes.
 Yeah, yeah, they make.
 Yeah, that's very scary.
  Yeah, very, very cool.
  Yeah, really strong Halloween version.
  And there aren't a lot of Halloween overlays out there.
  So you got to give them credit and that they've tried so many  that they do a different one every year.
 It's very bold.
  Yeah.
 And like they were sort of like, I mean, because they were probably doing  the like extra ticket, like horror, like a month  thing before anybody else, I think.
  Like, I think Universal started after probably not a scary farm.
 Yeah.
  I mean, Disneyland has their sort of like cute one.
  That's like, you know, for kids going trick and treating or whatever.
  But they don't have like mazes or anything actually scary.
  But not scary farm has been a thing like thinking like my entire life, probably.
  Yes.
 And Bud Hurlbitt, the guy who created this ride,  was an early creator of not scary.
  He was an early like, yeah, helps head up the whole thing.
  Wow.
 And an original scaricter himself got out there as a scarred  this ride we're talking about.
 Yeah.
  He would jump out.
  He was like on the mine ride.
  He would jump out and like scare people.
  Presumably with permission.
  I don't I mean, maybe sometimes he did it just, you know, going wildcat, you know.
  Like that's like when like  a famous chef opens a restaurant and sometimes they're in the kitchen  still, even though they don't really have to.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Right.
  Or like that restaurant, John Bon Jovi owns where he like washes dishes.
  I mean, it's for it's for I think people with that much money.
  But yeah, John is sometimes there, but he doesn't have to be very rich.
  Yeah, he doesn't got it.
  You know, maybe he just likes watching dishes, but he doesn't got to do that.
  Johnny was a dish dish at the restaurant.
  Didn't have to be there.
  He wanted to be.
  It this could be a whole this will be whole on their episode,  but John Bon Jovi, I was just made aware of a certain type of ros he has.
  Well, well, now we're talking.
  Well, I believe it's called Hampton Water Ros.
  Ouch.
 I was in and I went right out  like Grandpa Simpson walking in and out of the door.
  Was there for point five seconds.
  Scott, you got to have eight glasses of Hampton Water a day.
  Doctor recommend  Hampton Water.
  There's a video of him playing a covering the killers.
  Mr.
 Brightside that has a little pop up that's an ad for it.
  Wow.
  Most current song he knows.
  So I I'm a big fan of it already.
  I haven't tried it.
 Yeah.
  Well, I may never try it, but I'm a big fan.
  Also, if you cut the middle out, it's the ham water.
  Oh, well, now I'm interested.
  Glad Jason has a glass of that every night.
 Sure.
  Ham vintage in my hometown.
  Like right, right before I went off to college,  they built a development of like very big McMansions, like  the biggest houses are like some of the biggest houses in the the borough.
  And the rumor going around was that like, oh, you know,  John Bon Jovi bought one of those houses, you know.
  Is that where the story ends?  That is where the story is, because I never heard.
  I heard it a number of times, but I never heard any resolution  besides her John Bon Jovi.
  It's similarly in Ithaca.
  There was like, you know, Whoopi Goldberg has a house on the lake.
  You know, I can I'll tie this into that  when I go hang out in Newport Beach  for summers growing up, my dad and I were well, my dad had.
  I've said before, my dad had a little little dinky sailboat  called Drunky with Suey.
  And he had so I love that name so much.
  Very proud of my dad for that.
  But I'd go out and Drunky with him and he would always give me the celebrity tour  because there are a lot of McMansions like along the harbor.
  The biggest one of which by far this palace  in the Newport Beach Harbor area was John Wayne.
  And probably the residents of John Wayne and his son,  who were the first two writers of this attraction in 1969.
  What a pull together.
  I figured pointing out houses in this mansion was this.
  And yeah, I didn't know how else to get in there.
  It's the opportunity presented itself and we sailed right in.
  I found that to be a fun, odd fact that the first writer was John Wayne.
  There is a crazy long video about the history of this ride  by the Channel Expedition Theme Park.
  And they said that wasn't even like a random occurrence.
  It wasn't like, well, let's get a big star.
  Like somehow John Wayne was being given a tour of Knott's Berryvarm  and saw the work on this ride and somebody threw and Bud Hurlbutt,  I think, threw out, well, you should be the first to ride it.
  And he was like, I'm going to take you up on that.
  And they actually made good.
  He really wanted to be the first.
  And so much so, this is really odd.
  The ride was heading for an August opening.
  But John Wayne's filming schedule was such that he was going to be gone  for the month of August, like filming in Mexico.
  And so they were like, well, I mean, the PR of getting John Wayne is worth it.
  So they rushed the opening of the ride and got it open in July.
  So it opened with the cruddiest animatronics you've ever seen  and exposed beams and completely unfinished, unthemed parts  because they wanted John Wayne riding that thing with his kid.
  That's wow.
  That's wild.
  Yeah, the priorities.
  But on this channel, if you watch, if you go to Expedition Theme Park,  you get this guy track down footage from the Orange County Archives  where you can watch John Wayne given his opening speech, taking his opening ride.
  And you get to the best footage is watching him land in a helicopter  and go immediately from a helicopter into a stage coach  that rolls him right up to the log ride.
  It's legitimately very cool.
  The two wildest disparate modes of transportation.
  The story of the 21st century, the 20th century.
  In one field.
  I imagine John Wayne thought he was kind of a real cowboy.
  So when he was in knots, he was like felt at home.
  I mean, he also felt at home, probably because of Walter Nod  and his life philosophy.
  I'm sorry.
  He was.
  But  I could I could see him like being uncomfortable in the helicopter.
  But then as soon as he's in the stagecoach, he's like,  well, I'm home, I guess.
  I'm supposed to be, boy, another more terrible impression.
  Boy, I don't want to go to the  Halloween Hootin' Nanny Pilgrim.
  Where are those little missions, Pilgrim?  Where's the Dippin' Dots ice cream of the future, Pilgrim?  Clear my schedule.
  I got eight hours and I'm going to spend it in the Freedom Center, Pilgrim.
  If I could just swirl some dry facts around  that are all related to 60s conservative  conservativism, this is really odd.
  I was like, I wonder what movie he was filming.
  And I figured it out that he was filming a movie called Chisholm.
  I'm no old Western expert.
  I didn't really know what Chisholm was.
  But on the Wikipedia of Chisholm, it says how Richard Nixon used Chisholm  to describe his approach to law and order.
  I saw this movie, this John Wayne film.
  And this is how I believe we need to run the country is  we got to do play by Chisholm's rules.
  Jesus.
 And I was like, oh, sorry.
  Oh, good.
 You know, you go ahead.
 Yeah.
  Well, it just I just I can keep connecting a bunch of odd things that.
  So that's weird.
  And of course, Walter Nott, as we've said many times, very conservative guy.
  He invited Nixon to take a tour of Knott's Berry Farm in 68.
  But in this we've all been thinking about 68 because we're in another 68 right now.
  So the year he was elected president, he took a tour of Knott's Berry Farm,  hung out with Walter Nott, I believe, met Bud Hurlbutt,  the creator of this ride and went to the Chicken Dinner Restaurant.
  I guess that's where the event was.
  Nixon hung out there.
  And then one more thing.
 Let me complete this triangle.
  This is so strange.
  What like Bud Hurlbutt made a bunch of odd.
  He made a lot of trains, private trains, like not Walt Disney's train,  but the kind that he had, like this backyard trains reveal.
  And he made a little miniature train for a restaurant in Orange County.
  The restaurant was Nick was Nixon's,  which was a fast food chain run by Don Nixon, Richard Nixon's brother.
  Oh, my God.
 I've never heard that before.
  I've never heard any of this yet.
  But Hurlbutt built a little train for Don Nixon for Nixon's restaurant,  where he sold things like literally Nixon burger.
  You can go get a Nixon burger for 20 cents in the year  where Richard Nixon became the president.
  And there was a Nixon's at one of the streets, Harbor and Cotella,  where now, you know, like around where we did our live show at that hotel  that used to be that intersection was where there was a Nixon's  where there's a pizza press now.
  Yeah.
  Beats the way was paved by Don Nixon and his delicious Nixon burgers.
  Did did Nixon serve Nixon's  favorite lunch of pineapple and cottage cheese with ketchup?  Oh, no.
  His last meal before he left the White House was  cottage cheese and pineapple and a large glass of milk.
  And supposedly he liked his cottage cheese and pineapple with ketchup.
  What? Yeah.
  Any sense?  I you know what? I love Nixon up until you told me that.
  Now I don't think he's so cool anymore.
  I think he's a weird man.
  Yes, I loved him.
  Loved everything about he thinks all those videos I've made praising him on YouTube.
  Weird Nixon is was the Nixon and Nixon family,  were they just big theme park and themed experience fans?  Because Nixon's Disneyland.
  Walt love Nixon.
 He's a Nazi.
  He's got his own family as a restaurant.
  Yeah, I mean, well, he's a kid, too, right?  He's from Whittier.
  So maybe he knows these guys like, yeah, like I like to get on.
  I think he would have become a regular on podcast, the ride, unfortunately.
  I maybe do.
  But I listened to the audiobook of Nixonland a few years ago,  and it seemed like he was a guy who had a lot of scores to settle.
  So he might have just been been into all of that Orange County stuff  because he got to cut the ribbons and all the rubes who stayed in town.
  He could be like, look at me, you bastards.
  I was nothing.
  Now I've got big scissors in my hands.
  Just are.
  You've never even had scissors as big  regular scissors for you, if at all.
  The the Nixon impression is better than the John Wayne impression.
  Yeah, it's all right.
 Yeah, I've I've I've  forced my Nixon into things before.
  I'll go start doing I got a real career ahead of me, being able to do it.
  OK, Nixon, I got to be the next rich little or  who's that other guy I like?  Old old impressionist.
  Oh, Fred Travolina.
  There you go, Lena.
  I'm traveling.
  They all could all do Nixon  was the main impression in those days.
  Kevin Spacey does Nixon.
  He has to.
  When he was in that movie, he's an Elvis.
  And yes, he is.
  They play Nixon, right? Yeah.
  Great.
 He decidedly didn't do an impression, just did like his own take.
  Nixon is singing some standards in this one.
  Scott, did you come across the other John Wayne fact  kind of around this ride?  No, no.
 The month before this ride opened, the or not.
  Wait.
 Yeah, John Wayne.
  The the month before this ride opened, the John Wayne movie in theaters  was True Grit, the movie he won.
  I believe won the Oscar for.
  Or at least was nominated for.
  It's one of the ones that, you know,  and then he's messing around at knots.
  Yeah.
 Big summer.
 Big summer for Mr.
 Wayne.
  Thank you.
  This is this is a little bit.
  Well, not out of nowhere.
  This I want to share a quick photo here to Walter, not am Bud Hurlbutt  on the ride.
 Did we see this on the Wikipedia?  Oh, yes.
  Forget it.
  They look both like they're like animatronics fell into the log.
  And then they like they both look not real to me here.
  They.
  Like the most like wooden pose from Walter with a straw hat or at  I guess maybe right now to straw yet, but.
  It looks like someone told Walter not do something with your hands.
  Walter act natural act like you're having fun.
  And he was incapable of fully showing fun on his face.
  Yeah.
 And then Bud Hurlbutt is this he wears a bit not.
  How do you describe this?  I mean, it's a very kernel tie with the bow tie, but with the long strings  going and he's got he's got a got pins hanging out of his pocket.
  He's like, you know, you could.
  Yes.
 Like Jack Nicholson from the end of the Shining in this photo.
  And it wouldn't be different.
  It would be the same.
  Yeah, there is just there is something very ominous about this photo already.
  And I don't know exactly what it is.
  Yeah, it there is just look like it looks like they're sitting very still.
  Like you can feel them sitting still.
  But it might also just be like worn out because he fronted  the three point five million it took to build this right.
  And that I think like sold it to not.
  Yeah, he like I found this.
  This was in that video that he leased to the like he leased to the ride to them.
  He built it, but then leased like as if, you know, I'm trying.
  What's a good example?  Like the, you know, if if the teacups were built by some guy  and he like he just, you know, rented it to Disneyland.
  It's so weird.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, I guess it's just I guess more willing to make deals  when you don't have as much money as Disney did.
  Like how to get something made.
  I mean, he seems like as much credit is due to him as the knots.
  Like he was the guy pushing them to like he because he worked on the  Calico Mine train, too.
  And then he did this.
  I think this he wanted to be like a roller coaster first, a roller coaster  that looked like a log bouncing around.
  And then when working with Arrow, they got the the first modern log flume  up and going at Six Flags over Texas.
  That was enough proof of concept success to get this one off the ground.
  Now, what's your feeling about that?  That other one about the the mine ride?  The mine ride is I think one of the oddest  just like like ride experiences because it's not exciting  and it's not like it's it's a weird like in between  because like you're learning about, I guess, like that this is just like a thing  people did.
 So like there's like a slight bit of education to it.
  But it's not interesting, like or like done well.
  So like but it's like in the cart, you're sitting  the cart is like one of the more baffling ride seats to me  because it's like you're sitting in like a rectangle and you're sitting  like around the perimeter of it inside of it.
  So the middle is completely empty.
  So like to see some of the ride, you have to like crane your neck and stuff  and like make sure you're not missing anything behind you.
  But it's like that's it's long, too.
  I feel like it's like a long experience.
  Yeah.
 But it's a long time to be knee to knee with  strangers.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 With land like when you've had our experience.
  I mean, this is the first time Mike and I hung out was to check out these rides.
  And it was, yeah, a group of us.
  I think I think Ryan Perez is there and Doug Jones and all of us like,  you know, like with a bunch of children.
  Yeah.
 There's a bunch of 30 somethings and then the rest is all little kids.
  You spend most of the ride going, oh, sorry.
  Nearby.
 I'm not.
  We're not creeps.
 We're not.
  Sorry.
 Yeah, we're not going to start a podcast about this soon.
  It also feels like on that train ride, which believe me, I  I don't disagree with anything you're saying, but I love it.
  But yeah, I also love it.
  It's boring, but it's great.
  Yeah.
 It struggles that train.
  It feels like it's struggling to get you up as well.
  It feels like, oh, a certain point, maybe that the brakes just break  and we just roll backwards and crash into the train behind us.
  Yeah.
 Then at least something would have happened on the ride.
  Well, that's true.
 It would be exciting.
  Fly out.
  But yeah, Nats is doing.
  I'm I'm a big fan of I think not to slowly just trying to build out  the world of these miserable people that lived in olden times.
 Yes.
  But then that's what's exciting.
  They had they don't have it anymore, but they had that one ride where  I think it was called was it called the Kingdom of the Dinosaurs?  Or was it like this like time travel ride where you went through  you know, a mad scientist lab and then you went through his time machine,  which was unready and untested and you went back and saw dinosaurs.
  And that was also like a very long ride.
  So like they had that they had experience, what it's like to work  as a person who like doesn't have modern technology.
  And then also just like swings, like just like  just like any other kind of like regular sort of roller coaster ride.
  The very, very  it's just it's a strange theme park and I love it.
  And I frankly do miss it.
  I haven't been in some time and I'd love to go when it's safe to go.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, we were big fans of it.
  And it's only yeah, they're only expanding.
  They did a maze last year that I was very excited about.
  That was the origin of Halloween maze, the origin of the ghost town.
  Oh, wow.
  Which we were like so thrilled by.
  Like you got a lot of mileage out of stuff like that,  because that's like legitimately like very interesting.
  Like that's that's a good idea.
  So the people in charge right now are good and know what they're doing.
  Well, and you know, yeah, we're all missing it.
  We've been so charmed by knots and we really like this ride.
  And that sounds like you haven't gotten to go in a while and you miss it.
  And we've all been we're in what feels like such an  awful time right now this year.
  But maybe if we could get out of this and go to knots and knots  will remind us that the times before were way worse.
  Yeah, you had to be a logger, a miner or work on a stage coach and get robbed.
  Yeah.
 If you go way back, a dinosaur might bite your head off.
  Yeah.
 If you go like midway, you could be a ghost in a in a desert town.
  Yeah.
 I mean, there had to been some sort of outbreak in the mine, for God's sake.
  Oh, yeah, absolutely.
 Yeah.
  Oh, yeah.
 Way, way crazier to see.
  Nuts will make us appreciate that this is really 2020 is really the best year  we've ever had.
  Is there a canary? Is there a dead canary in that?  Yes, there sure is.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 OK.
  And you know, the part there's a part that I was thinking about,  I don't know how to describe it, but there's like a big like  where you can only see it from like afar, but it's like a big  looks like the biggest part of the ride where it's like multiple layers  of like work being done that and there's like animatronics like on like carts  and stuff.
 That's like a legitimately like impressive part of the ride.
  Like, yeah, thinking about it like  me walking back that it is boring.
  That's like very good.
  Like that's a good part of it.
  The scale, the scale of like that they put it.
  Yeah.
 In this ride.
  Some work went into that, for sure.
  Yeah.
 And I think a lot of the like plus ups they did in the 2013s,  they kind of like were leaning into those sorts of like  going with those choices.
  I meant to say this earlier with like because it kind of is a little weird,  kind of ties in with the Halloween stuff.
  At least it gives me the heebie jeebies a little.
  But then when they when they upgraded the ride, the human figures,  when there was 17 of them originally, it went to 40.
  And I read in the O.
C.
  Register that they made the faces out of some of the original cast,  the original molds they used on the ride.
  But the hands, legs and feet were made from the life  cast of Carter Holt employees and friends.
  Oh,  just like real people.
  Yeah.
 So I don't know why, but that just gave me the Willie.
  Yeah.
 Like that's that's awful.
  I would jump at the chance.
  Oh, yeah.
 It's it's given.
  It gave me the Willie's a little.
  It's like kind of part of their soul is there.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's a piece of them.
  Like, it's not as bad as like them modeling  an animatronic after Jack Sparrow, like in  it's like it's that's that's different somehow and not as bad.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  I would we all like to be preserved as  creepy animatronics and a giant corpses.
  No, no, no.
  Dermi, I mean, would we like molds of although I don't know.
  I might be fine with that, too.
 Yeah, puppet me.
  That's fine.
 I would have to be doing something  you like better than what I'm doing, like with my life right now.
  Like I'd have to be like doing something like legitimately impressive  and in the animatronic, maybe put me on the make make me a logger.
  I could never be a logger right now.
  And you run on the logs.
  You run on a spinning.
  God, if I could be preserved as the log runner, that would be  that'd be like a dream come true.
  We're in a crown that says top scam.
  I'm not a boysenberry punch living the little of my life.
  That would not be out of place on this ride.
  No.
 Yeah.
  Well, that's the way that's the way you should be remembered.
  And so I think with that top scam from that Appadaka,  you survived by the right.
 Yeah.
  That was a blast.
  And is there anything that let's exit to the gift shop?  Is there anything that the top scam would like to put?  Well, yeah, I mean, I think the thing is that  I like to blow.
 Well, yeah, I mean, well, first of all,  thank you for having me.
  I would you really love this show.
  So thank you for having me.
  And I guess for plugs, listen to how this get played.
  You can hear me talk sometimes  with Nick Weigert and Heather and Campbell about  bad or weird video games.
  That's a lot of fun.
  You can be on like, you know, is this racist or culture kings as well?  And I have my own podcast that is off right now,  but I just released like a I just really OK.
  So I have a Weiser podcast called What's With These Homies  Talking About Weiser, where I covered all the Weiser albums  and some of the other little things in between.
  And then I did a one off of called So Whatcha Whatcha Whatcha  Talking About Beastie Boys, where me and John Gaber's talked about  Licensed to Ill, because that's a great album as well.
  So all those things are there for in the What's With These Homies  Talking About Weiser Feed.
  And so if you want to hear me talk about music that sometimes people like  and most of the time they do not.
  I have a quick question, Matt, do you like on Ratatoude  on the Weiser album, Ratatoude, do you like the song?  I don't want to let you go.
  You know, I think that's a good, very good song.
  I can't remember what I said about it, but I do think that song is good.
  That's one of the better songs on Ratatoude.
  Certainly better than I'm Your Daddy.
  Or I agree.
  I don't know this one, but I'm interested.
  I'm Your Daddy is not a great Weiser song.
  It's not a great song.
  Like it's it's barely a good thing to say.
  The yeah, I'm looking at the tracklist.
  If you're wondering if I want you to that song, I love that.
  I think it's great.
 That's a great.
  That's a top Weiser song.
  I think the album starts strong and there's a lot of songs and then it ends strong.
  And then the bonus tracks are also not good.
  More daddy stuff, more daddy daddy stuff.
  There's a song that Rivers wrote for for soccer  and the soccer song is not good.
  But yeah, just a lot of just a lot of stuff there that's bad.
  Is there anything about heart songs?  Heart songs is great.
  I think I have a hard time with just the word.
  Like the word gives me embarrassment goosebumps.
  Yeah, it is very like Tumblr.
  Tumblr like it's a very like  it's just like it's a little too twee for even for like Weiser.
  But I think the new take is because everyone's like Maldroids underrated.
  So if everyone's saying that, that means it's good.
  So everyone can disagree that Maldroid is just plain good.
  My new thing is that the red album is underrated.
  Not enough love for the red album.
  What's what's on Maldroid or the red album and the audience?  Audience, a follower, Twitter and everything.
  This little bonus Weiser podcast.
  Feel free to bail if you want.
  But what's what's on either of those?  Dope Nose, American Gigolo.
  I like that one.
  I think Keep Fishing is the last one that I like.
  I like Dope Nose.
  Dope Nose is great.
  Possibilities is a good song.
  Possibilities.
  Love Explosion is good.
  Burnt and Jam.
  They're all good.
  That's pretty good.
  Yes, I agree.
  It's a great album.
  I think half of Red is good.
  I think half of Heart Songs is good, except for the part where he's like,  These are my heart song.
  That's my problem.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
  I don't remember the rest.
  That part just like consumed my memory.
  That part is not so good, but the rest of it, I think, is actually pretty good.
  You know, and I love I love the white album and I love everything.
  It'll be all right in the end.
  And they have some good stuff on like I don't think Pacific Daydream is all bad.
  I don't think black is all bad, but they're trying.
  And I'm very excited about the newer stuff that they put out.
  Like fairly recently.
  I really the white album is very good.
  The white album is stellar.
  It's great.
 Yeah.
  It's really time.
  Yes.
 I was going to say any time he just goes, you know what?  Let's just make it sound exactly like the first two albums.
  Yeah.
 I'm going to write exactly like that.
  It's always good.
  Well, and everything will be all right in the end, too.
  They brought back Rick Okasek and he was just like, I know what your guitars sound like.
  And then everyone was like, oh, yeah, these.
 Yes.
  Just help them tune it right.
  Yeah.
 No, no, no.
  You're doing it all wrong.
  Here, use mine.
  And they're like, oh, I did that before.
 You're right.
  Anyway, yes, I could talk.
  I could talk with you all day.
  Scott, you were going to say something before.
  Well, we were talking before we started about how I've said how they are.
  They are like the Beach Boys and that they like they'll never go away.
  Weasel will be doing or Rivers will be doing this when he's 70 with a bunch of,  you know, hired guns.
  But but your guys, weasel take clearly is like my beach boys take  because I'll defend songs on their 2012 album.
  That's why God made the radio.
  I'm the one going, actually, that's why I got a radio.
  So there's good stuff on Summer in Paradise is the thing.
  So I feel like I'm like I'm right there with you with another thing.
  There's a the the Monkeys had an album like maybe like two or three years ago.
  That is like actually pretty good.
  Pretty good.
 Yes.
  River's wrote at least one of the songs on that album.
  Yes.
 Oh, really?  I've only heard the XTC ones and there's a Paul Weller one that's good.
  Yeah, that is a oddly good.
  Yeah.
 Like who would have thought that one?  That's like something that would come out  in like the late 2010s and then that it would be like  actually like very listenable and very good.
  The last kind of obscure Weezer song, Miss Sweeney, are you in favor?  Love it.
 I love it.
  I think Miss Sweeney is like I wish they would do more things like that  because there is something very  like theatrical about it.
  And like I know Weezer musical sounds bad to everyone  who just heard what I just said, but I think could be good.
  And I think based on like if Rivers wrote the songbook for a musical,  it would be great.
  Wow.
 Well, I'm going to send Miss Sweeney to Scott if he's never heard it.
  I am curious to know what his reaction is to it.
  But I'm not hard out unless they are covering songs that a wedding band.
  That is my rule.
  I think but I think what I said, you can't stop the hustle.
  You weren't thrilled with it.
  If it's like a wedding, if it's like a wedding band's original music would be,  then I have trouble to.
  Well, thanks for doing this miniature.
  What's he's always talking about?  We certainly can be very excited that the show is back.
  Two podcasts for the price of one.
  And hey, if you want more podcasts from us, obviously stay on the main feed  and obviously follow us on Twitter and Instagram and Facebook.
  But but for three bonus episodes every month,  you can check out the second gate at Patreon dot com slash podcast, the ride.
  And that is and our music picks for the week.
  The Beach Boys, the Monkeys and Weezer.
  It's like pitchfork early, early days, a pitchfork screen  checking to really dig in through the bins, finding the  secret to our spin off podcast of mostly old man music  mixed with 10 percent 90s and zero 2010s.
  Although although it should be late period old man music.
  Yes, we really genuinely could do that entire podcast.
  Yeah.
  I've been 90s and later albums by 60s musicians.
  Yes.
 Oh, no, I do this now.
  Bruce Springsteen's outlaw, Pete, talking about for like 30 minutes  and being like, everyone's like, what is this song?  I've never heard this.
  There's pretty good stuff on flaming pie.
  If you we got it, we have to leave now or we have to get out of here  because I just wanted I've been listening to the reissue of it.
  All right.
 Well, we'll figure out that podcast later time.
  Matt, thanks for being here.
 Everyone else, thanks for listening.
  Bye bye.
 Bye.
  This has been a forever dog production.
  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,  Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify  or wherever you get your podcasts.
  Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com