 Welcome to podcast the ride, the second gate, a podcast where we are afraid of most ghosts.
  My name is Mike Carlson joining me as always Jason Sheridan.
  Are you afraid of most ghosts?  Am I right about that?  Yeah, I would say I'm very superstitious.
  Okay, so that is accurate.
 Scott Gardner here also.
  Yeah.
  Well, I'm afraid of the curse that happens if you say the name of the podcast wrong, which is haunt cast the freight.
  You're right.
  Cemetery gate.
  Oh, shit.
  I did this last year too.
  How could you forget?  I did it last year.
  How could the haunt cast the freight season not be the foremost thing on your mind at this time?  I keep reminding myself it's October.
  Like I can't, I keep going, oh, it's October because I like a little Halloween decorations.
  I don't have any right now, but I keep having to remind myself that it's October.
  I'm so sorry.
  There's not a lot of tells.
  That's why I just bought some webs in the mail.
  Those are coming soon and then I'll know.
  So what you should do the same thing.
  Get some cobwebs and put them all over your calendar, which can be set to any month.
  It could be set to February, but it's cobwebbed over because it hasn't been touched in so long.
  Yeah, no, I because people died in your apartment or something.
  Yeah, that's the idea.
  It doesn't help matters that like today as we record this, it's like going up to 95.
  And this is day one of like five or six days of like mid to high 90s at the start of October,  where like in the past, you know, my birthday just passed a few days ago.
  And in the past, I remember like, oh, it's 50 outside.
  Like, yeah, it's fall.
  My birthday's here.
 It's fall.
  And now it's just like, oh, God, these heat waves just don't end.
  Yeah, that's true.
  All right.
 Well, that's all I blame it all on that.
  I'm sorry.
 There's a lot going on audience.
  So listen, we know it's haunt cast the freight cemetery gate.
  We're well aware.
 And as for the other question,  I don't engage with the with the ghosts thing.
  I've never had a haunted experience.
  I'm such a bad person to answer that.
  And I feel like that's like a good podcast topic is a ghost experience.
  And but I maybe I don't believe in them and don't have it.
  And therefore, maybe I ain't afraid of no ghosts.
  So you.
 Yeah.
 So let's actually ask that of all three of us.
  You don't believe in ghosts.
  Do you, Scott, Aaron or believe in ghosts?  I think I don't.
 I think I'll call that out here.
  That's kind of a dull opinion to have.
  It'd be more exciting if I if I had some story, but I believe that I do not.
  Jason Sheridan, let me ask you this.
  Yeah, I do believe in ghosts.
  Do you think you don't believe in ghosts, Scott,  because your house was properly exercised, the house you grew up in?  As you know, because yes, we discussed a long time ago  that my parents prayed in front of the house, which made it so that a fire  would not burn the house down.
  So presumably that same blessing that essentially is an exorcism,  although it seemed to be pretty fire specific.
  So maybe ghosts weren't addressed so much.
  But I don't know why it's got to be.
  It's probably a one stop shop, right?  You have a priest come over, bless your house.
  Then also that covers ghosts.
  Yeah, it takes care.
 It's like the MMR vaccine.
  You get the measles and you get the months.
  You get the rubel.
  They all get knocked out with that one.
  Some all in.
 Very quick and easy.
  So that's why I had that blessed house and you guys weren't equally blessed.
  Right.
 So, Jason, do you have a ghost story, Jason, or you just believe in ghosts?  I think I just I feel like growing up on the northeast,  growing up in the northeast of the United States,  everything is just built on top of battlefields and graveyards  and like all the the French and Indian War, the Revolutionary War.
  It's just it just feels like there's so much old stuff.
  And I've taken like so many all that all the tours in Philadelphia  that we would do for school trips or like day trips with a family.
  Like you tour Betsy Ross's house, Ben Franklin's house.
  And then sometimes you'd go tour them at night for the ghost tour version,  because like everything's just there's just sections of Philadelphia  that just are haunted as shit to the point where they they just turn  the Eastern State Penitentiary, which is still standing  in the middle of Philadelphia for like a month every year.
  I don't know if they're doing it this year.
  They just turn it into a big haunt, you know.
  So did you like see the ghost of Betsy Ross or?  No, I have not.
 I have not.
  So you don't have this person.
  You don't have a specific ghost story.
  You just sort of feel like they exist.
  I think so.
 And I mean, L.
A.
 has very like haunted vibes.
  Like there's a lot of grim, dark shit that's gone down.
  In the Southland.
  I more recently to not centuries ago, but like, yeah, Manson  and everything, Manson, Black Dahlia, it's all like there.
  You know, it happens once every couple of years.
  I feel like I'm more of a believer in like energy  than I am of like traditional ghosts.
  I do believe in UFOs.
 I do believe in aliens.
  I've seen weird stuff in the sky  that I don't that's not explainable to me.
  I don't think ghosts exist in the simple way we think they do.
  But I'm kind of a believer in like a like energy that like  lingers around.
  I don't know if that's that's not that specific,  but I don't think I believe in a traditional ghost.
  I definitely go in on the like the haunting of Hill House  Bly Man or like sort of like ghosts being residual energy,  memories, trauma associated with a place or items like, yeah,  for sure, I believe that sort of thing.
  I feel like was it maybe was it a Mark Maron, Paul Thomas Anderson  interview where they were talking about how the comedy store is haunted?  And I never and I never went more like, oh, I know what that like  I know what that energy like it is an evil energy at the comedy store for sure.
  If you've ever been there on Sunset Boulevard,  you walk in there and you're just like this.
  I don't feel comfortable here.
  But I don't know why are they why are all the comedians  so obsessed with it and making it there?  I'd just be like, no, thanks.
  Yeah.
  Somewhere else, please.
  It's a good question.
  But as soon as they said that, I was like, oh, yeah, yeah.
  Well, because when you become a regular, they give you the proton pack.
  They give you the the trap.
  You know, they give you the tan jumpsuit.
  Like that's what they don't tell you.
  Mm hmm.
 Yeah.
  That's a secret of the Brickwall Brotherhood that like, well, if you're a regular  at the comics comedy store, you are outfitted like Venkman and Spengler  and Chance.
  You are like you are operating a satellite  Ghostbusters wing yourself, all of the premise of this ride.
  Yes.
 Like, totally.
  It's a show.
  This is a show we should say.
  And if you don't know the show, this was an opening day  Universal Florida attraction  that was like on an in in an inside area  that would basically made like Pepper's Ghost effects possible.
  And I realize one thing in talking about this attraction.
  This is a this is a rare example of now we've closed out a space  like a multi attraction space because we've done Twister, write it out,  which is what replaced it.
  We've done Race Through New York starring starring Jimmy Fallon  and Ghostbusters, Sputacular.
  So so this this which I will call the convoluted name theater.
  We've pretty much addressed.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
 That's that is interesting.
  Then.
 Well, there's an asterisk, though.
  There is an asterisk because I wondered to myself, like I was like,  I can't picture it like I had to go back to some of the videos  about Ghostbusters, Sputacular and look at some maps.
  And they confirmed the facade of the firehouse is still there  in a certain extent.
  And on the second level, the track for Hollywood  Rip Ride and Rocket goes through the top of the firehouse.
  That that dreadful roller coaster.
  So that counts as part of the space.
 Yes.
  Like like a ghost that won't leave the place at Hauntz.
  And that I'm not dying to get out of this area.
  I like it.
 I love I love that main universal drag.
  Every time I'm there, I need to like before I leave,  just like take a step back and take it in and look down that line  that leads all the way to wait.
  Do you know you don't see Mummy and King Kong from there?  No, you see the right.
  Yeah.
 The like you can see Central Park, I believe, is that little grassy area.
  Now they have the fake Hollywood Bowl sort of like outdoor space.
  That's right.
 But just that big street  that opens up to opportunity and at various times, different  favorites have been poking out like Shrek and Jimmy Neutron  and the Hanna Barbera gang.
  And in this case, like it really did like warm my heart to see just a home video  of somebody like walking up to the show  and seeing the Ghostbusters sign sticking out on the ledge.
  Exactly like in the movie.
  Mm hmm.
 Yes.
 This I did not do this thing when I was a kid.
  We didn't go to Universal until I was older, but that is  it's fun to see the thing I know now as an adult, as I would have seen it  if I was I had the pleasure of enjoying Universal as a kid.
  I didn't go either.
 I didn't see it either.
  I don't know if I just didn't make it a priority or if I was scared.
  Is it another one of those?  And if so, I needn't have been.
  That is stupid.
 This is silly and fun.
  It is stupid.
  But I would have been, I think because I was upset.
  Look, I was obsessed with Ghostbusters as a little kid.
  Ghostbusters was the first thing I was obsessed with, I think.
  It was it was before Ninja Turtles.
  It didn't last as long as Ninja Turtles did.
  And I didn't go.
  I don't still have this horrible nostalgia that I can't shake  like Ninja Turtles with Ghostbusters.
  But I would have I would have been so obsessed with going to see it.
  But I would absolutely have been freaked out because I was freaked out  at live theater.
 I was freaked out seeing Peter Pan.
  Because the pirates walked up and down the like stairs  by where we were sitting and they poked their head out of the dressing room.
  And I fucking shit in my pants.
  Like I was so scared.
  I thought it was real.
  So this would have freaked me out, especially if when I was really  into Ghostbusters, which was three, four or five years old,  there would be no way I would have probably had to be taken out,  like crying like I was a Captain EO.
  I saw it.
  Oh, of course.
  I saw it.
 We know.
  Of course, I think what a what a brave boy.
  I think I was and I was racking my brain to try and think what version I would.
  I may have seen both versions, but I think my family,  we went down with my grandparents in like 91 when I was like in first grade.
  And we universal still pretty new at that point.
  And it was cool.
  We all liked it.
  But like my brother was three years younger than me.
  So like there wasn't a ton of there was there was not that many things  to do for kids that little.
  I definitely remember writing E.
T.
  BT Back to the Future and Ghostbusters were the highlights for me.
  Maybe King Kong, we skipped Jaws.
  Lord knows what state Jaws would have been in in 91.
  But I remember being very excited to hear there was both Ghostbusters  stuff and Back to the Future stuff.
  And I was a weird kid.
  And my parents had introduced me to Alfred Hitchcock, like  Alfred Hitchcock presents when it was like in syndication  by that point.
  So that and the Nickelodeon studio.
  So I was very excited for all of this and the Ghostbusters show.
  I liked a lot.
 I did not like ghosts.
  These ghosts were specifically very ghoulish looking.
  But I knew my friends, the Ghostbusters would come out  to help, just like I knew my friend Doc Brown would save the day  and back to the future.
 I had to say, though, as a kid.
  Yeah, I was all in on the Ghostbusters cartoon, both the original Ghostbusters  oddity and the real Ghostbusters.
  I had all that stuff.
  But as a kid, it drove me crazy that there was like no Back to the Future  merchandise to buy.
  And now there is so much Back to the Future merchandise.
  I could not care less.
  There's plenty of Ghostbusters.
  I saved my childhood obsessions for like X-Men 92 kind of shit.
  That is what I've been kind of all in on for quarantine.
  That expired theme park attraction.
  So you were both you both obsessed with Ghostbusters or loved Ghostbusters,  the cartoon, because I was first cartoon.
  I was that's the thing I saw the first.
  And then I did see Ghostbusters two in the theater.
  And I was just tense.
  I just was scared the whole time.
  The pink slime scared me.
  I was upset that Venkman got arrested with them when they came into the restaurant  to tell them when they were in their long underwear, like soaking wet with the goo.
  I was like, well, Venkman didn't do anything.
  He wasn't with them.
  I was like, I thought that for some reason.
  I thought it was foolish for not taking a proton pack.
  Like, why didn't you? Why did you just take the meters?  Like we we definitely had like used copies, used VHS's of Ghostbusters  and Ghostbusters to purchase from West Coast Video.
  I did not like the first.
  I liked Ghostbusters to more in the same reason I liked Return of the Jedi more.
  There was more Jedi stuff.
  There was the Ewoks.
  There was Luke Skywalker at the height of his powers.
  The the speeder bike chase and Ghostbusters to is just a little sillier.
  They got the slime cannons like.
  Yeah, I guess Jupiter.
  It's more about like introducing.
  All right.
 Well, now there's this thing or that thing.
  It's like why you like a Batman forever, maybe more than an original.
  Yeah, for sure.
  I could not appreciate the Barb's thrown at EPA representative Walter Peck  that in the way that I appreciate those as I'm older.
  But yeah, I was so excited for this show.
  I'm surprised I didn't drag my family through the show multiple times.
 But  yeah, I like I said, I can't remember  which versions I would have seen because this only ran 1990 to 1996,  although they held on to the right for a while because there were three  different Ghostbusters street shows, three different variations  that involve the Ghostbusters going in and out of facades, trying to stop  Beetlejuice and then they would like menacing them.
  But they would dance a lot.
  It would be like a show, like a fun dance show.
  Yeah, and I remember our world has now paired off like  Alf, no, wait, Alf fought the Gremlins and the Gremlins.
  OK, the Gremlins were paired against  Beetlejuice and now the Ghostbusters are against Beetlejuice.
  Why are theme parks trying to tear all of our favorite characters apart?  That's a good point.
  I was I thought you were going to say that theme parks were forecasting  like what would probably happen with like movies eventually.
  Like eventually there will just be Alf versus Gremlins movie or Beetlejuice.
  I wish if only there was a movie as interesting as that ever.
  That would be the best movie.
  That's why I cherish the ride.
  So you mean you'd rather imagine they do Ghostbusters versus Beetlejuice.
  I mean, that would be the entire film.
  You mean as opposed to like a magic movie full of wonder?  I I don't want to.
  That's all I'll say.
  I and it's you think that the trailer is just about a kid in a small town  hanging out at oil well, but then a magic, a sheet is lifted up  and it's the original car from the original one.
  And then they drive around and Paul Rudd, it turns out, knows about all of it.
  I don't know.
 I don't understand why.
  I whatever it's it's here's what I think is why would you like that trailer?  Why would you think it's strange?  When it comes out in 2025, we'll know.
  We'll know if it's good or bad.
  Then I just think it's great that Ghostbusters are finally taking off  Madison Avenue and put on Main Street.
  I'll say that.
 You know, me, I'm in the people there.
  They're they're they're not blue state anymore.
  They're red state.
  The Ghostbusters are taking care of the red states.
  Finally, this isn't I don't think this is a crazy thing.
  Like there does seem to be a lot of movies in a franchise now.
  Star Wars, Jurassic Park and this where the movie is about the original movies.
  It's like it's a real about the myth of the original movies, which is like legend.
  What if the legend was true?  Is the legend true?  And we got to grow up with all these movies that was the legend.
 Right.
 So  it wasn't isn't that better?  Like a new legend you get to see?  Not like, oh, my God, the suit.
  Look, the logo is on the suit.
  The logo is on the car.
  The item still makes the sound if every it used to make.
  And every yeah, like every single piece of the movie has to be like  doled out like a treat for you.
  Like that's how this like a lot of this stuff is structured, where it's like.
  And here you get a little now we get a little ghost trap for the audience.
  And it's become like one per scene.
  Well, we can't show them  the original Ghostbusters in the trailer are going to come in  in the later part of the movie, because everyone would be like,  you know, they would be so distracted with the original Ghostbusters.
  They'd never accept the new characters.
  We used to get it all at once.
  All of it at one time.
  This even happens within newer franchises.
  I'm stealing this observation from from Bugman on Doughboys.
  But he was talking about Pirates of the Caribbean.
  And now there was one of them where like Orlando Bloom shows up for a second.
  You're like, whoa, they got him.
  Oh, my God, Orlando.
  And then you're like, in 2003, he was they had him the whole time.
  He was always in it.
  Why are we excited?  He showed up to smoke a cigarette and leave.
  Yeah, I don't.
  Look, this is this is another podcast.
  Yeah, this is another.
  I know some people hate this perspective.
  We're getting a lot.
 I understand why you do.
  But well, you know, like and I have a more nuanced opinion of Star Wars  than I think people might think I do of the new ones.
  But I was reading like Michael aren't talking about like writing Force Awakens.
  And he's like, well, the problem was Luke.
  Luke would come into the movie and he would just like kind of steal the focus.
  And I was like, of course he would.
  Yeah, he's the star of Star Wars.
  He's what?  He's the star of the movies.
 Huh?  Frasier might steal focus from Frasier.
  We will like other characters.
  They're talking to Luke.
  It's not like Luke's going to.
  It's like if you see the movie and you go, I know who that is,  but I don't like anyone new.
  It's like that's not you'll go.
  Oh, I like these new characters, too.
  And I like Luke.
 He's the star of these movies.
  Anyway, we can we can not get Bill Murray in this Ghostbusters  making his little jokes and upstaging rock star Finn Wolfhard.
  OK, we got Bill Murray in his little jokes.
  He thinks he's so funny.
  Thinks he owns this movie.
  Come on, Bill Murray, take your 10 minutes of this movie and be happy about it.
  Yeah.
 Green screen, Bill Murray in from some pub in Chicago.
  They got him for an hour and they.
  It's terrible.
  He was like Bill Murray two years ago was like, I'll do it if you tell you what.
  There's this thing called Zoom.
  I don't know if you've heard of it.
  He was the only person zooming back then.
  An early investor making out like a bandit now.
  No, it's great.
 It's this way that cast can reunite without having to get on a plane.
  That's the best invention ever.
  All right.
 OK, old man opinions.
  Put him down for now.
 Let's let's be excited.
  Let's talk about this show, which is a lot of fun.
  I should have I should have seen it.
  And there's this basic breakdown with it  that there were two versions of the show.
  And it really is the the the tale of Universal Studios  in two shows, because one of them is about you are on the set.
  Look, this is a recreation of the set where Ghostbusters happened  and then Ghostbusters things happen.
  And then they redid it to be the characters.
  And it is Rick Moranis, Lewis Tully and Walter Peck.
  And and then the Ghostbusters.
  Like, I think it's an excellent rewrite.
  I think this is a really good study in  how, you know, the power of the rewrite.
  And if you are, what if we save the reveal of the Gozer set?  Like we have it, but let's kind of build to it and don't show all our cards right away.
  Yeah.
 And it's it's just also changing around from  they were trying to do the thing of universal.
  Like, this is sort of how you how things are made.
  And it's like, we don't care as much about that.
  We'd rather see a guy playing Rick Moranis' character.
  Like, we'd rather just be more in the world.
  And, you know, not an obvious rewrite to do also.
  Like, that's pretty cool that it ran for a little bit one way.
  And then they found a way to get pretty great other characters that were missing.
  They kind of like they kind of rounded it out and then packed a lot in.
  It seems like they were answered like solving a practical issue, too,  because the show was short initially.
  Yeah, it still is.
  Even the second one.
 Yes, really.
  But they I mean, what does they add five minutes to it?  It was like, no, they they practically doubled it.
  The first show was like 11 and they they upped it to 20 in the second one.
  That's that's a good capacity.
 That can hold more folks.
  Yeah, I found some answers to this in the Sam Getaway  Universal versus Disney book.
  The pre show was on the board.
  The Louis Tully, the big pre show.
  But they were cutting costs as they were racing to get it open.
  And by cutting the pre show, the approximate cost of the pre show was  four hundred and thousand four hundred thousand dollars.
  To do the rewrites, build the set, incorporate all this other stuff.
  If you notice the like first version with the tour guide  explaining the ghost, very simple.
  But then they they, you know, because it was a, you know,  pretty popular, it was a big hit.
  They went back in and and added it back in.
  So and then the second version, I thought was interesting,  kind of relinquishes the Ghostbusters to like the last few minutes of the show.
  But it is more dynamic, like it is more dynamic.
  They come in and it's a lot more actiony and save the day.
  In a funny move, there were only three Ghostbusters who were in the show.
  Three Ghostbusters who show up at the end.
  I think because what happens is that is the same number of actors  you have to pay as the original version.
  So in the original version, you have a tour guide, four Ghostbusters and and Zool.
  So that's six.
  And then the new version, you have three Ghostbusters,  Louis Tully, Walter Peck and Zool.
 That's six again.
  So they replacing the tour guide.
  Huh.
 So that kept the budget down.
  Yeah.
 Theme parks, famously, as we've especially recently,  cutting entertainment costs, cutting actors, but especially Universal  and especially back then as they were kind of finding this on their feet.
  The other discoveries I made, some of the murderers row of potentially  actual murderers involved in this.
  Gary Goddard, of course, had a hand in it.
  And then always, why always a character I forgot about,  Peter Alexander, the Universal executive that went on to become,  I believe we talked about him before he became the high ranking Scientology member.
  Oh, who made the movie.
  We still got to watch that movie.
  The anti he left the church and made that movie.
  Yeah.
 Wow.
  Why? When did that come up?  That came up in King Kong.
  Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I guess so.
 Yeah.
  Oh, man.
  Was it called like it was called like the Church of Scientific Discovery  or something? Something like that.
  Because he went all the way through.
  He went OT, however many.
  OT five or T7.
  He got all the way to the top and then he went, oh, I don't.
  Maybe not.
 No.
 Yeah.
  The most prominent defectors.
  Yeah, indeed.
 Wow.
  I love all these guys.
  Well, I don't love all of them.
  I don't like Goddard, but I like this.
  Obviously, I found it.
  The Church of Scientific Spiritualism as run by El Conrad Powers.
  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Man, I got to watch that whole thing.
  We were dissing Paul Thomas Anderson for not going that hard, I think.
  Weren't we? Oh, that's right.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, he veered too far from the name, first of all,  so you don't know who he's making fun of.
  Your parodies have to be why you got to do like Ronald Grump.
  How else will we know that you're satirizing the times?  Yeah, you would never know.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
  So the pub.
  Oh, you know, another thing I thought was interesting  were the guys that made and I don't know their names,  made the killer clowns from outer space, made the you got their names.
  I think so.
 The the Chiodo brothers.
  I'm saying the judge and Ghostbusters, too.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 And they did the Team American.
  Oh, right.
 Right, right, right, right.
  And there are like very killer clowns ask like ghosts,  like clown ghosts, essentially that pop up during this thing, too.
  Yeah, that's a lot like killer clowns from outer space.
  That's a very that's an extremely scary clown.
  I don't want to say I don't want to talk about a scary clown  and then end up talking about another scary clown.
  I don't know what you're talking about.
  We just focus on this one.
 Yeah, I don't know who you're talking about.
  Then, of course, then I started thinking about last year at Halloween Horror Nights.
  Of course, Universal had both a Ghostbusters maze and a killer clowns maze.
  And then I started getting sad that I won't get to go to haunts this year.
  Yeah, that's right.
 Well, you like them.
  I do.
 We're trying to figure out workarounds, right?  Like, that's the plan to give away what are the rest of our months.
  But we I think we're trying to solve how to do things in person,  even in this hobbled way.
  So stay tuned to either feed and we'll figure that out.
  We'll figure some interesting creative solutions.
  People haunt businesses across the country have come up with.
  So it'll be exciting to talk about those.
  But I just I did find it interesting that like Ghostbusters and killer clowns  have hung around in the universal family now.
  And Ghostbusters wasn't represented in the park so strongly for many years.
  But now they're back.
  Dan Aykroyd was on the red carpet last year.
  Very exciting.
  Crystals Crystal Head Vodka was sold at all the different kiosks  to buy drinks at Horror Nights as well.
  Very exciting.
  Now, this is a whole you know, we had our little tiff about  Casamigos, but what was never in question for me is that Casamigos is good.
  I now have a bottle purchased for thirty nine ninety nine.
  You can believe it.
  Pretty good.
 The insane price.
  But I like I've never thought like this is a novelty, like Clooney thought of doing  like it is obviously the representations always been very good.
  I've Crystal Head is not good.
  I don't know if we've gotten into this before.
  It's it's a I in from my experience.
  I think it is a not good vodka, but I would maybe have to try it again.
  I actually have not had it alone.
  It was all mixed drinks mixed with a bunch of sugar crap when I was drinking it  Universal.
 So I actually don't know how good it is, but I'm pretty sure in all of  the in the many different videos I've watched of Dan Aykroyd hawking this stuff,  he's like, well, it's a small as vodka.
  It's very smooth.
  Like he's he also makes sort of the claim that Clooney does.
  I'm a little congested.
 That wasn't my best act, right.
  But I don't know.
  That's probably what he would zone.
  But he maintains, I think that it's also like you can sip it and it's not  something that would burn like a like a regular cheap alcohol.
  I think I'm willing to try it again.
  Obviously, it is a cool bottle, and I appreciate the theming on the bottle  because Casamigos and Terra Mana are both very generic looking  bottles.
 They don't have any sort of gimmick to them.
  That's very true.
 Have we discussed on the show?  I'm sure we texted about it.
  But when I was I went to when I was in Canada  a little while ago that I was getting targeted ads  that I only saw there for Dan Aykroyd celebrating National Caesar Day.
  Yes.
 Which Caesar is a drink involving  it's like it's like a Bloody Mary.
  It's it is Clamado.
 Right.
  It's like a tomato vodka drink, right?  I think.
 Yeah.
  And it's got like a big piece.
 Sorry.
  I will tell you, I don't know if I said this at the time.
  Maybe I did.
  I I shot a commercial for that drink  with the Russo brothers right before Captain America 2 came out.
  You got directed by them in that right before.
  Yes.
 This is one of this is one of those.
  This is one of those times in my career.
  And it's happened a couple of times where I did really well  in front of like very important people.
  And I thought maybe something would happen.
  And then it didn't.
  But I thought I booked two spots with the Russo brothers  right before Captain America 2.
  And I was going to be in an American spot and a Canadian spot.
  And there was some like sag rule that said I couldn't do both.
  So they wanted me for the second one, the Canada spot,  because it would be there was more lines and they liked me.
  That's what I was told, at least, because it was a smaller cast.
  Because these were you saw these commercials.
  It was Alison Brie and and somebody maybe was Adam Scott, I think.
  And it was like vodka commercial for like Sky vodka.
  And like there were all these celebrities at this party.
  And then there was a Canada version that was me and two other people  that weren't any Canadian celebrities, I guess.
  And it was all about the Caesar.
  And I didn't know what the hell this was.
  And they were like, yeah, all the like the people on set making the food  like we're making Caesars.
  And that's the first I had ever heard of that.
  And then the commercial never aired.
  It never aired.
 Yeah.
  And I.
 Oh, man, I can't watch you in a Caesar ad.
  You cannot watch me in a Canadian Caesar ad directed by the Russo brothers.
  Also, all my lines had been cut that morning, too.
  You just went, hmm.
  Just like just nod that you think it's a delicious Caesar.
  The most pathetic moment of the shoot is that I ad libbed the word cool  and made Joe Russo laugh and I went, OK, well, at least we said to that.
  You'll probably want me to suit up in the nail.
  Yeah, no, I'll be I'll be at least like a sidekick.
  Yes, that is that is honestly I was like, well, you know what?  Maybe it's not like the main sidekick, but maybe it's like  Kat Dennings role in Thor, where she's like Natalie Portman sidekick.
  Like I could do that.
  I mean, it's still possible.
  If I run into these guys, I I booked it, so we'll see.
  Sorry, they already got a DC Pearson.
  You know, well, that made me feel good, too, because DC Pearson's in  Captain America 2, Captain America, which I saw like weeks after this.
  And I go, DC Pearson's in this movie.
  I could be in this movie.
  If they could put a Shaggy Improv guy in.
  Anyway, well, really, all of the.
  What I'm all about are broken dreams.
  Let me bring it back to what's important.
  We're forgetting the some of the big ingredients in Clamado  sugar, MSG and dried clam broth.
  The name comes from a portmanteau of clam and tomato.
  So you can't forget the clams at Clamado.
  And I just as a kid, remember my grandmother having cans of Clamado  in the house and I'd be going like, what is that?  And then explaining it.
  And I was like, that's disgusting.
  Does our tequila mix well with clam?  I think it does.
 Oh, gosh.
  I believe it does.
 You know, we'll make sure to pair it to be able to.
 Yeah.
  I hope.
 Yeah, it has to.
  Everything we'd make has to pair well with clam.
  The podcast, even listening to it, you can eat a clam and have a nice experience.
  Oh, I love a clam.
 Oh, so it's I ate a big plate of clams.
  We were at the boathouse on our trip to Florida.
  Delicious.
 Remember that.
  We're nice there.
 So, yeah.
  So well, that's all right.
  So that's that's our pairing recommendation, right?  Is especially with the second gates there, they're  especially constructed to be good with clams.
  And so what are more factoids that that clams would be?  Oh, so tasty.
 Let's see.
  Next hearing, I am always impressed when any sort of cool illusion happens  that it's a pepper's ghost.
  It's always pepper's ghost.
  Anytime there's something cool and you go, well, how do they do that?  They go, it's a pepper's ghost.
  They've been doing it for forever because like in this show,  there's like Slimer appears in the first version.
  Now he appears in both.
  He there's sort of like glass in front of the stage.
  And they've got like giant animatronics.
  And then they just like the Haunted Mansion, like every other theme park thing  that makes a ghost appear.
  It's a pepper's ghost.
  And there's an animatronic and it's sort of being reflected onto the glass  to make it look like you can see through it.
  And they do the same thing here.
  Just as effective, very cool looking that it'll never go away.
  I don't think pepper's ghost will ever go away.
  Well, think about how everybody came back from Coachella 2012  and they're all freaking out because they saw Tupac in front of their eyes,  reunited with Dr.
  Dre.
 And how was this done with a pepper's ghost?  People are as exactly as excited like people coming back  and, you know, their Coachella feathers and whatnot.
  And they're they're as psyched as, you know, people  like twirling mustaches in 1845  or whenever they started doing this effect from vaudeville to Coachella.
  It'll never not be a hit.
  Pepper's good.
 Like, yeah, in the far, far future, when we're fighting over water,  they'll be like a little like kind of roadside attraction.
  And it'll be like they'll show a picture of what like a city used to look like,  what like what land with grass used to look like.
  And people go, well, how does that how does that look like kind of a ghostly thing?  It'd be like, oh, pepper's ghost.
  It's like we're still using this great illusion.
  And they use it really effectively in this one  to make you think like killer clowns are on the stage or this weird,  like like jailbird ghost that like turns his head around.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Maybe there's not quite the Scaleri brothers, but like kind of like the  the bad the the the villains in the courtroom scene and Ghostbusters two.
  Hmm.
  I don't want to distract, but there may be a full episode that is just like  Pepper's ghost in general so that we can learn about the life of the man,  John Henry Pepper, and also  learn about I'm just like skimming through various uses of it.
  And there's somewhere there's a there's a tennis museum  where they pepper's ghost in the ghost of John McEnroe.
  He's still alive, isn't he? Yes, he is.
  It's weird to do a well, it's you know, that's like Ray in  in Star Wars, you know, Daisy Ridley is alive,  but we can pepper's ghost her into this ride.
  Oh, that's true.
  I want to be there every day in seven different rooms across the world.
  So, yeah, John McEnroe doesn't want to hang out at this.
  He's he's grumpy.
  Yeah, I want to learn more about this pepper's ghost.
  John McEnroe.
 That's great.
  Yeah, they hit honestly a big pepper's ghost episode feels like it would be  three hours or more like it could go that long.
  Well, I called the audible of like,  I need a I need a second gate episode on Ghostbusters, the great fright way,  because I don't think I've ever been as upset as I was like an 18.
  And I was like, wow, there's a Ghostbusters thing back at Universal.
  And it was a little street show again, Ghostbusters fight Beetlejuice.
  And what it was, it was just like, oh, no, that's what this is.
  Like, it was just so heartbreaking.
  And they give us it.
 Give us one detail.
  Well, we'll hold on to it.
  But like what I mean, I assume they dance or whatever.
  But like, to what?  Um, uh, the hits of the day,  like in sync and Britney Spears.
  Don't they sing like bye bye bye?  They sing bye bye bye.
  And it's played like, ew, isn't this disgusting?  These men dancing to this music, which, by the way,  we're playing in all corners of this theme park.
  And then graduates,  several of them graduates of Universal Studios, as we'll discuss.
  That's true.
  And then in that show, they were wearing more like the newer  Ghostbuster outfits, like the cartoon Ghostbusters.
  Or was it the extreme Ghostbusters outfits?  Yes, I that I think is worth tying into.
  It was extreme Ghostbusters, colon the great fright way.
  OK, the weird kind of syndicate.
  Like, I think it was just in syndication, like reboot of the Ghostbusters  for the mid to late 90s, where they were a little more extreme and cool.
  When you say extreme, what are we talking about here?  Like 90s version of extreme.
  They had spiky hair.
 That's what we're talking about.
  Like spiky hair, purple spiky hair.
  And Egon is a mentor.
  And yeah, I think there were some cool people working on that behind the scenes,  like people who would go on to do concept art for like the Matrix.
  We're doing concept art for extreme Ghostbusters.
  But that did not translate to the extreme Ghostbusters great fright way.
  Also, great fright way and a nod to great white way  name of Broadway in the theater district in New York.
  Again, they were mostly dancing to like pop hits of the  five years before the show went on.
  So right.
 So you want Broadway?  You want like some Starlight Express or something?  Yes.
 If it did bring Broadway show to it, I would have watched it all day.
 Yeah.
  Ghostbusters music from chess.
  Ghostbusters is interesting because Ghostbusters, I sort of  I didn't I haven't kept up with it like Ninja Turtles.
  And it's just like I think it's I don't know.
  It's interesting because I never really watched extreme Ghostbusters.
  I have not seen Answer the Call.
  Isn't there another thing I'm missing, too?  There's there's like comics.
  There was a video game.
  Yeah, I didn't even play that they they did the voices and it's right.
  Considered an unofficial sequel, which I heard people were people liked.
  But I don't know if it really did.
  You know, yeah, I don't know that you can actually call it a sequel in the web.
  But that's a high bar for a video game.
  Seems like people.
  I think people did like it.
  I would be interested in playing that.
 But yeah, it's interesting.
  So I don't know too much about what kind of spiky hair the extreme Ghostbusters had.
  Yeah.
 But I do know about Ninja Turtles, Venus de Milo.
  And I do know I know I know that.
  Can you unknow about Venus de Milo?  I would like to see Venus come back also.
  That's a pitch I have.
  Well, they'll have a chance.
  I would like to see her come back in my arms.
  No.
 What?  No, she's weird.
  I don't approve of the first time I've ever expressed being attracted to a woman,  I guess, other than many is the Venus de Milo, the female  Ninja Turtle from the late 90s.
  Terrible taste.
  She looks she's it's so creepy.
  Well, they're all creepy in that show.
  They all look terrifying.
  They all look just like, like just like night.
  Like we just had like years prior seen movies where the turtles  look pretty good in all the movies.
  And then they just found like much shittier costumes  and decided to show them to us every week.
  Yeah, yeah.
  This is a way that they all like stuck their teeth out.
  They just all looked like horses or something.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
  They were ninja horses.
  Yeah, that that 90 that late 90s.
  That is a creepy.
 We'll do it.
  We'll do something with it.
  We'll get to it.
 We'll cover it.
  I do you want to talk about, you know, it's a fun little thing to get us off track.
  The the first attempt at a Ghostbusters attraction,  which we talked a little about before we started recording,  that there was an attempt made to do a shooter ride at Six Flags  in the the mid to late 80s, which would have been if they pulled it off,  the first of its kind and sort of with a similar premise to what the show,  what the Universal show becomes, which is like recruiting you.
  And this is the recruitment exercise.
  I mean, it's men in black, really.
  But the I don't know if the bride was going to be called this  or if this was just the setting, but the but the ride at least takes place  in a place called the Hauntington Hotel.
  That's good.
 Yeah.
  And it seems cool.
  I don't know.
  I don't know if you saw any concept art.
  It's really like angular, boxy little cars and.
  Yes, Slashfilm had a nice roundup about it with the concept art.
  Yeah, that would have been cool.
  It's crazy that like it took so long for like Buzz,  like your astro blasters and men in black, like I think smaller parks  were experimenting with a lot of places that like infrared shooting galleries.
  But it's interesting to me that like Hauntington Hotel  and Dick Tracy's Crime Stoppers could have like broken  both broken very big for this format.
  And then it took another couple of decades for it to sort of catch on.
  Yeah, I have seen these are cool.
  These are cool, weird, like like urinal style vehicles.
  They're kind of like troughs with the Ghostbuster logo on the side.
  But I like I think in the Intamin was going to be the like  manufacturer of the ride system.
  And you said like, yeah, Bally's, the gaming and casino concern  was was owned Six Flags at that point and then sold it off.
  I mean, yeah, this is I wouldn't be surprised if we get something  like this somewhere.
  I mean, I guess it probably depends on the success of the new movie.
  But I think people went nuts for that Ghostbuster maze last year.
  And it was very well done.
  And it was really fun to just be up close to all that stuff.
  So I wouldn't be surprised if they do something like this eventually.
  Obviously, it's in ten years primed for more permanent attractions at places.
  And, you know, there was like it was the first void  property, it feels like.
  And we didn't get to do it, but it sounds like it was cool.
  We'll never get to.
 Yeah, I don't know.
  It's yeah, I don't know that.
  I feel like the most what you don't do post this.
  Well, I mean, because it's because it's like it might go bankrupt.
  It might just be gone entirely regardless.
  Yeah, but like picking up picking up items and not being able to see  where you are.
  Can you imagine?  All right, so we're going to put the four of you in a room  and the room is, you know, it's like 10 by 10 feet.
  And you got to go down this small hallway.
  So you might bump into each other or cough on each other.
  Don't worry about it.
  Well, you'll have a mask on blindly at items in front of you.
  You won't be able to see and you have a mask also.
  So you can't breathe freely.
  It's the only part of your body that isn't covered in the void.
  Unless they make a full mask, just cover your whole head.
  And then they like decontaminate it in between.
  Like a daft punk sort of set up.
  And they all and they just in the in the when you put the backpack on it,  it shoots Regeneron into your body.
  Like that also could help.
  Yeah.
 And then the powers aren't just in the game.
  The power is in you.
  You can get out of there and start like jumping higher than you ever have,  running faster than you ever have.
  And I think that folks were now sponsored by Regeneron.
  We're going to we're debuting the sponsor here on the second gate,  but you'll be hearing mostly ads where there's actually going to be a lot less  theme park content and like there's going to be like 60 percent  Regeneron discussion.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  So prepare for that.
  Um, yeah, so I like I I would think, especially because we're in such  a nostalgia culture at the moment, that this and even I know we've  talked about it a lot, like it feels like you got to put back to the future  back in some way eventually.
  It really does.
 I could like that.
  Maybe that's too crazy because they're not making they haven't made a new one yet  because Zemeckis is alive.
  But as soon as he's in the ground, that ride,  that new movie and that ride is coming in a Ruth Bader Ginsburg fashion.
  All of the vultures will be waiting right there.
  Two weeks later, like they just they demolish another ride.
  I guess.
 What's this shit?  It's a note about a dying wish.
  Throw it away.
  Disney owned Simpson.
  So they just demolish Simpsons and back to the future starts being built.
  Oh, Hill Valley.
  Yeah.
 You build the Hill Valley, like Main Street, half 55, half 85.
  And it's just built on the old Institute of Future Technology.
  It's based on it's based on the new Back to the Future with Finn Wolfhard.
  It's it's yeah.
  With Finn Wolfhard, a tick tock, a tick tock star we don't know yet.
  Rebel Wilson is Doc Brown.
  Mm hmm.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
  And then or it could go, you know,  Epic Universe is pretty much dead still at this point.
  So that could end up being we never see the original  ideas for Universal's Epic Universe.
  And it's like Universal's cartoon world where it's like, well,  this is where it started.
  And then like 2.
0 has Hill Valley.
  I mean, that would be great.
  Wouldn't it be a good idea for Epic Universe to just have kind of the  this is going to sound gross, but like a throwback zone or an 80s  zone, like, don't you think there would be an appeal and like, well, this is where  back to the future and Ghostbusters and yes, whatever else you want.
  It would be the most popular part of that park, probably.
  Yeah.
 Just like like let them weed through what has  been determined to be a perennial.
  Like, what do people always want to go to from that era and just they  lives here forever? Yeah.
  It'd be gigantic.
  Well, and Disney's got that play pavilion and there's all this talk about  like there's a black box ride that can be switched in and out every now and then.
  Will they use that for like a newer new properties  and then switch it to something vintage?  And the way these companies always copy each other, it's like Samsung  or Android and iPhone just going back and forth, taking the same  designs like will Universal just do their own like black box kind of thing?  No, I'm skeptical of that black box.
  That black box feels like if they do build it, it's like  they say it'll be changed out every year and it'll it'll not be.
  It'll be the same thing for 30 years and then it'll go away.
  I mean, yeah, that's certainly been the history.
  Yeah, that's always what happened.
  Yeah.
 Remember how like at the DreamWorks Theater for now, featuring this  Kung Fu Panda thing, and certainly this won't just be sitting here still  in 11 years.
  You know, I will give them credit.
  I will give Star Tours credit because they put a new thing in every movie.
  I wasn't like they actually did it.
  They did.
 And, you know, we've been mean about Star Wars  and this podcast and other podcasts.
  I think the episode nine scene is great.
  I think that was a blast.
  The exit because there's two.
  Yeah, you're splashing around and oh, that was your first part  when you're not on Exegol, when you're on.
  End or when is the because that the ruins of the Death Star  is the ruins of the Death Star, but they're on are they on Endor?  No, it's on a different.
  It's on a different moon of Endor, I think, because Endor is always confusing  because Endor Ewok planet is a moon of Endor.
  Yes, there's like they're all moons of Endor, but they also just call it Endor.
  So it's hard and like Dago buys a system,  but he is on Lucas on Dago on the second one.
  It's confusing.
 Right, right.
  So they're on a different planet that's nearby the Ewok planet  in an episode nine.
  And that one.
 Yes, you're on the splashy one.
  That's all I know.
 Yeah, it's a splash planet.
  I wanted a little.
 That's all I need to know.
  I wanted a little more lightning  in the second part, I will say, of the Exegol part of that.
  That's not it.
 That's not a bad note.
  I will also say Billy D.
  Williams appearance in the ride is far more satisfying than in the movie.
  It's like, great.
  You're so happy to see him in the ride.
  Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
  Not that you're not in the movie, but like you're the expect.
  All he's got to do in the ride is say, hey, what's going on?  And you're like, oh, yeah, and it's you.
  It's so exciting.
 Yeah.
  In there might be the best.
  I might vote for that as best hologram.
  Although I was also there when I was with you, Mike,  when there was like a Star Wars preview.
  That when the first time that it was BB eight,  people flipped the fuck out.
  It was so excited.
 I did, too.
  Wow.
 Like we haven't even met him in the movie yet.
  And people are just so psyched.
  It was it was might have been like a special night.
  We were there.
 I believe so.
  Everybody was like excited to see the new scene.
  Yeah, that was very fun.
  Mm hmm.
 We're so far off.
  This is like it's not a ton with these shows.
  I can see why we're getting off.
  I'm also just in a mood.
  I'm in a mood of well, sure today.
  So I apologize.
  But the I you know, I'll say about the second version,  which is it's funny, the second version is very much what you associate  what I associate, at least with Universal, the kind of like  it's a little more like sarcastic than like Disney stuff.
  It's a little more self aware.
  It is like essentially like a timeshare or MLM presentation to,  as we said, open a Ghostbusters franchise.
  I think the videos, the like infomercial kind of videos of like  all the people who started Ghostbusters franchise is like  there's an old lady with a walker.
  There's a man who is very clearly supposed to be like,  is it a Boris Yeltsin?  Yes, yes, yes.
 Yes, it's.
  He has the birthmark.
  Oh, it's Gorbachev.
  Gorbachev.
 Yeah.
  With the birthmark.
  And he says, I was once the head of a great socialist republic.
  And that got a big response from the audience  when in the the clip I watched of it.
  And then, yeah, Lewis does some gross out like goo slime stuff  with the the kid and like the other audience members.
  They pull on stage like I thought that was all fun.
  The Universal tapes to advertise the park had more jokes in it  than the new Ghostbusters trailer.
  They remembered that the tone is supposed to be comedic.
  Yeah.
  So yeah, absolutely.
  Yeah.
 And you know what?  I mean, granted, I'm just watching random samplings like, you know,  there's not like a great version of this to watch on YouTube, either version.
  But if you YouTube Ghostbusters spectacular, you know, probably the one  with the most views from 1990 versus the one with the most views  from several years later,  that, you know, there's sort of not much going on with the audience  in the original one.
  They're just watching and it's fun and whatever.
  The the rewrote the rewritten version kills.
  People are like not only laughing, but screaming and applauding.
  And like they really get the crowd so much more juiced up.
  I think it shows you that video is great.
  The the particular Tully performer was fantastic.
  And I imagine a lot of them were.
  That's a pretty great theme park character to have figured out.
  Yeah, it's it's fun to see how the changes just really,  really sailed with the crowd.
 Yeah.
  I I feel like the horror nights, Mike, I don't know if you you probably like Janine.
  There was an actor doing Janine in the Horror Nights house.
  Was there a Louis Tully in the Horror Nights house, too?  I don't think Janine last year was very good.
  She was very good, Janine.
  And I think this guy does a pretty good Louis Tully  in the in the you would spooktacular show.
  Try to hang around in there because she had like different lines,  but she would like to wait for a while.
  Like she would like she would say, we got one.
  She would do the whole and it was very yeah, that was I really can't.
  You guys, both of you would have loved that.
  I mean, there's certainly like jumps like little jump scares.
  And it's loud and stuff.
  But like that was so much fun to walk through.
  Yeah, sounds like it sounds really well done.
  And this is stuff you want to see physicalized,  you know, like how like it's it's that thing where, you know,  seeing Muppets and Muppet attractions and it's the medium they were made in.
  So when you see Sweetums, that's just that is how Sweetums is in the movies, too.
  And so seeing something that was done as a puppet.
  And now it's in front of you as a puppet done the same way,  like just seeing Slimer physical is so cool.
  And I don't I don't have it.
 I think it's on my laptop.
  But I found like a screenshot from a universal like brochure  at the time where Dan Aykroyd is hanging out in the park  next to the car and Slimer is poking out of it.
  And there's a bizarre caption about,  you know, he he he villainized to the Ghostbusters in the first film.
  But now he and Dan Aykroyd are best of friends.
  Yes, because in the one street show Street Busters, he would pop out of the Ecto.
  I guess the Ecto one was it?  It didn't seem as detailed as the Ecto two was Ecto one.
  The the con I like how like ghoulish they made, like a lot of the promotional art,  this giant billboard.
 Oh, yeah.
 Ugly Slimer.
  It's so textured.
  All those original universal billboards are so cool.
  Imagine living there at that time, the excitement you'd have.
  But for the redo, they put the one complaint I had in the second show  is I loved in the movie, like as a kid, I wanted to be the funny one, like Venkman.
  And but I knew I was probably more of a Louis Tully.
  And in the second Ghostbusters,  when Louis Tully gets in the jumpsuit and the proton pack  and like Janine kisses him on the cheek, like it's so great.
  So like I wish they had like taken a moment to put him in the jumpsuit  because he's just in like khakis at a baby blue blazer in this promotional image  and in the second version of the show.
  I like that.
 And that was it's kind of fun.
  But he's also like in the way, like when he gets the proton back on,  the Ghostbusters like yell at him in this show of like, get out of the way,  you're not helping.
  When you were a kid, were you like, I'm like Louis?  I I I felt like I was like a little dwee.
  Like, you know, I knew I was a little bit of a dweeby kid.
  Like, you were young and like, did you really kind of think of yourself like that?  I don't think I sort of put anything like that on myself until I was a little older.
  At least like Spangler, at least like Egon, you know,  especially, yeah, when I got the glasses.
  I mean, everyone, I think I like that Bill Murray was the funny one,  but that Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis were very serious about the rules of Ghostbusting.
  I liked that as a kid.
  That's interesting.
 I'm just I'm just interested, like if you were sort of watching  Louis Tully and thinking like he was your avatar as a kid.
  Well, I think I just like that.
  Like, he's kind of like bumbling and then he gets to be the hero  when he's like blasting the slime on the is it the art museum?  They end up in at the end.
  They end up at the Met.
  Why can't I think of the character's name?  The the takes over Peter McNichol.
  Why can't I think of the painting?  Vigo Vigo.
 Thank you.
 Vigo Vigo.
  The Master of Evil.
 Yeah.
  Want to battle my boys.
 It's not legal.
  The main reason I prefer to.
  Oh, do you really you prefer to?  I don't know.
 I know that that's maybe not.
  I like that's one of those people trash to for some reason.
  I don't think it's warrants.
 Yeah, that's what I'm that I would never trash to.
  And it'd be like it makes me pappy.
  I see like similar to Back to the Future.
  I see how it's not like as classic and clean as the original.
  But I like the I like the silliness.
  I like the getting I like the 1989 nests of it.
  I'm getting off on too many tangents, but I just had this  discussion with Andrew Grissom, our friend, the show.
  Do do they because we want more future in Back to the Future 2.
  It's only what, 30 minutes of it?  Yes.
 Mm hmm.
  It do they go back to the past so they can say officially  they have to go back to the future?  Because if most of the movie was in the future, it would be back to the past.
  So was there some sort of like, well, we need all of the movies  to have the characters want to get back to the future.
  Was that any consideration?  I don't think that was a concern in the way that Dana Barrett is like a cellist  or a violinist in the first Ghostbusters.
  And in the second Ghostbusters is repairing ancient paintings.
  She's like a she's like a Renaissance woman.
  She can do without.
 She is.
  I mean, she's great.
  She's so she's so good.
  Everyone's so good in those movies.
  But yeah, I think obviously with Back to the Future,  they need to think about the rules of time travel and the timelines and stuff.
  But I think it was less of a concern about the naming.
  I think.
 Well, plus you end up at  I'm back from the future closing out to so that that reverses the whole thing anyway.
  Hmm.
 Right.
 That's right.
  OK, I guess that's true.
  So I guess that's probably not a consideration.
  I just think we all want more future.
  I yeah, well, as a kid, I was yeah, I would have just been happy to just like,  what if there's no story, what if we just kind of walk around here for a while?  Yes.
 Now I'm I am more willing to say as an adult,  I understand what might be stupid about the future parts.
  That being said, it's still no, it's perfect.
  And I love it.
 I just like maybe I can finally kind of see into the like.
  If you really loved the first movie and now you have to get through a bunch of like  holograms and you must have the special and all that weird.
  But I mean, I'm going to watch it.
  There's a way to crack it.
  I want to get the script and I want to rewrite it so it goes future.
  Evil Biff Trump presence and then back to the future.
  Wait a minute.
 Get rid of the 50s.
  Get rid of the 50s again.
 Yeah.
  In the 50s, because we did the 50s.
 I know.
  But it does work.
 It does work because at the end of  because Doc has been to the future.
 Right.
 Right.
  And he comes back to 1985 and gets Marty and and they go back to the future  because Doc is returning to Hill Valley of the future.
 Yes.
  Yes.
 OK.
 You're right.
 OK.
  So that they weren't thinking that they just.
  And it all culminates in like now he's in the old Western  has to get back to the future, which is his right.
  That time, it's not his future.
  So people are always going back to the future throughout the effects.
  Future trilogy.
 OK, that's fair.
  I just the rest of the rest of these.
  All I want is more future.
  I do want I didn't I pitch I didn't I pitch you on the idea of you  making like a just a future like a show about the future and back to the.
  Well, no, I was going to wash out all of hologram.
  Yeah, all of that.
  That's the IP you're interested in is the state.
  Sorry, I've let everybody down.
  I'm trying to get pages out.
  There's just there's a lot going on.
  Wouldn't it be so funny?  It's just really.
  Would it be so funny if you like forced your way into a meeting  with Robert Zemeckis and you're like, listen, here's what I'm interested in.
  I mean, I know this has been your dream for a very long time.
  You're a technology guy.
  You surely would want to.
  Well, what if we may you make all your Beowulfs and Polaris,  but what if we made a movie with, you know, a hundred hexagons?  And that would be stepping on that wouldn't be stepping on the toes  of a new trilogy, that would just be a complete spin off.
  It's a tangent.
  It's a sidetrack, much like we've been doing for this entire episode.
  Yeah, it's all.
  Sure.
 It's all fun stuff.
  Back to the future.
  I mean, look, they're shiny objects.
  You just say the name back to the future.
  Any other stuff we've been talking about?  Yeah, because because I've been talking about it for the last two days  on a text message.
  So it's fresh in my mind.
  Getting the biggest thing, the literal biggest thing, the 22 foot high  state, Puff Marshmallow head.
  He's got a head bigger than King Kong's head from the original King Kong ride.
  Whoa, it's so great.
  It was the biggest head.
  It was the biggest.
  Yes, they puffs head was the biggest head at Universal Florida.
  Very impressive.
  Stay puffed man had the biggest head, which I'll do in a Beastie Boys.
  That was it's the new style reference anyway.
  I got that.
  Yeah, you got right.
  Yeah, that's only worth it.
  Like, oh, I see.
  Oh, yeah, good work.
  They really put their eggs in the giant robot basket,  which is a wonderful basket to put eggs into.
  But I like that that was the point of Universal Florida upon opening.
  Come see some very big robots.
  You got an ape, you got a shark and you got a marshmallow.
  Often overlooked, I would say.
  Yeah, I did.
  Overlooked and Ghostbusters doesn't get as much shine  because it has less operational antics like Ghostbusters worked from day one.
  Like they didn't have troubles with it compared to like other things.
  I'm sure it went down.
  Sometimes you've got like three massive animatronics under the stage,  like the American adventure, American adventure.
  Right.
 I've got that right.
  Not experience, not an experience.
  OK, it is an experience, but it wasn't.
  It is an experience.
  But these are all under the stage.
  And for the most part, most of them stay under the stage.
  But like that big stay puff, like you can see the stuff that people  really liked in the first version, like just moved on to the second.
  You got to have the gozer  Zool temple and you got to have the stay puff.
  You got to get the Ghostbusters in there.
  I think in the first version, though, the actor doing Venkman is  doing a little bit of a Bill Murray impression.
  And the yeah, sorry, go ahead.
  They're all kind of doing an impression.
  But I was going to say the other thing that stays is at the end,  they kind of half heartedly sing the theme and dance  just a little to rattle up the show.
  The guy playing ackroyd, I think definitely inspired his like moves.
  Like ackroyd inspired this man's moves to I think they all were sort of trying  to do a little bit of the character.
  One of my favorite things is the way ackroyd runs in the first movie.
  I forget if he does in the second movie, when he tries to like make a turn  like a cartoon, he puts his arms in the air and like on one foot like pivots.
  Yeah, such a funny cartoon.
  Or something.
 Yes.
  Like a three stooge, three stooges thing.
  I would love to see him run more like that.
  And I mean, maybe not now.
 Maybe he's too old.
  But yeah, he didn't do that.
  The James Brown movie would have liked to see.
  Never.
 Well, we don't.
  We never got to see that how that character turned a corner.
  Yeah.
 We go over ackroyd a lot.
  Ackroyd, at least when he was younger, very funny.
  Yeah, that's the yeah.
  We were watching those.
  There was a thing that just came out Ghostbusters.
  It was it was Dan Ackroyd and Bill Murray talking to like distribute  like theaters, essentially to show the movies.
  And they're both like goofing around.
  And I'm watching this and I go, oh, yeah, Dan Ackroyd is funny.
  I was so funny.
  Yeah, it was just this little like marketing internal thing.
  Yeah, that they sent to movie theaters and it it works.
  It's really good.
  And I want that.
 No, all this.
  No, it's just I think we think it's funny what he's turned into.
  Yeah.
 Oh, my God.
 Original lesson now.
  And I always forget the name of the hat with like he's got the it's not.
  It's like the George Wallace hat.
  What do you call that?  That like kind of backwards, the Kangol, the Kangol.
  That's one.
 And it looks like Crystal Head on it.
  And he's got like his pocket protector with like pens in it.
  And it's his crystal head on the pens.
  Like, and you're just like, what?  Weren't you like a funny guy?  Like, what is this business like?  It's all like with him now.
  It all just seems like it's like, well, my products.
  And the four quadrants that we're trying to approach with crystal had these  like always is like business speak.
  It's like it's like a NASCAR driver with logos.
  Yeah.
 Person.
  It's like, oh, yeah, he was like a really funny guy.
  Yeah, I've never seen the like  the big like blank check, if you will, kind of movies that like  I haven't seen Dr.
 Detroit or 1941, but I am curious about like, what are those?  That's not I wouldn't put a lot of those on.
  No, I think the trouble it's all over.
  I you know, I like your give me some drag net.
  I like drag net.
  Yeah, I watched that on Comedy Central, like repeats a lot.
  Yeah, I coneheads actually is has some good stuff.
  It's like it's a little weird.
  I have affection for coneheads.
  How about exit to Eden?  Mm hmm.
 I don't remember that one.
  I think that was the most unpleasant VHS when browsing.
  Yeah, as a kid.
  Yeah.
 Well, I like Dan Aykroyd, but I don't want to see this one.
  Yeah, I feel like I'm.
  He well, he look he looks great smiling with Slimer  hanging out in the park.
  I you know what else?  Here's another original cast member.
  I'd never seen this photo.
  I will share the screen to show you this one's pretty famous  that in that street mystery show that Wayne Brady was a ghost.
  I guess a singing and dancing  Ghostbuster as would make sense.
  But here's a photo of a backstage visit from Ernie Hudson.
  Oh, great.
 Yeah.
  Wayne Wayne's hanging out with him in the video.
  In the video I was watching and I'm trying to think which video  I should give them a plug is a lot of information in there.
  They mentioned that like the last showing of the Ghostbuster show was attended  by some of the cast, but they don't say who.
  But maybe it was just Ernie Hudson.
  Good videos about this attraction from  defunct land theme park history and expedition theme park.
  Yes, expedition theme park is the specific one I want.
  Shout out to those.
 Yeah.
  Yeah.
 I like the the effect  when they're shooting the proton packs, they like kind of energy effect,  which is a simple like I don't know how to describe it.
  It's basically like they just have like light tubes,  I think, along the wall and they light them up to make it look like.
  Proton packs, am I wrong how that's done?  Yeah, I guess.
 Yeah.
 Also, Pepper's ghosted in there.
  Yeah, I think attached to the ghosts underneath, right?  Where is it? You have to stand in an exact spot.
  When the host in the original version is getting shot up on the stairs,  I think there's actually something on the stairs that's illuminating.
  Oh, OK.
 Yeah.
  To make it look like she's getting sucked over.
  But yeah, I think the big, big, big  shots of the proton pack streams.
  Yeah, Pepper's ghost.
  That's really cool.
  The a Twinkie is put in Slimer's mouth, and I don't know how they did that.
  I don't know how they did like a transfer from a person to a ghost.
  I am not sure.
 Yeah, that's cool.
  I think of what else is in here.
  Well, I think one element that you were talking about,  somebody doing essentially a Bill Murray impression.
  I started to realize as I watched a couple of videos,  I think this is one of those theme park shows that is dubbed.
  I think this is a pre-recorded voices, so the actors can just kind of hit  their marks and they just mouth along.
  I could be wrong, but I kept feeling some similar  intonations like there is a oh, yeah, yeah, I think in a couple of it is like a really  it's like the multiplicity copy of a copy of a copy.
  You get into like a very bizarre abstract Bill Murray with the with the line.
  Well, this is going to cost you, you know, like it's this weird like,  oh, yeah, kept losing Bill Murray Ness for many generations.
  Well, it's going to cost you.
  So not like the same every time.
  And I think it's pre-recorded.
  Not a good impression, like just a car, a cart,  like auto playing, like at the exact moments.
  I think the Lewis Tully and Walter Peck's because they interact with the audience.
  I think they are talking by the time it gets to the second version.
  Yeah.
 It's just a funny syndrome.
  You definitely see it.
  And sometimes these videos, you know, you're trying to remember  what these things were like, and you're going off of footage  is shot from the back of the room and you can't really tell.
  But now I can't recall.
  What have we talked about before where it is all dubbed over?  I feel like because we've done these stunt show episodes and for sure,  some of those, but not all.
  It's just such a funny, like, when do they, how do they make that decision?  When do they go?  I don't think we can trust these damn actors.
  I think we I think this has to be locked down.
  We got to put them in a box and get this thing done.
  Terminator is dubbed, right?  Well, some, some of it.
  I think it's it's if it's a safety concern,  if it's like we need this line said and then we need this thing to explode,  like that helps like this with like stunt concerns.
  But like, you know, the the  when the the deacon like, you know, he's got to rib people in the audience.
  He's got to have a mic, you know, he's got to be able.
  Oh, if people, especially with Waterworld, if people have to jump into the water,  like, yeah, you might not be able to mic them properly.
  Somebody just want to fire, fire off those lines from a speaker, you know.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I just I just like it.
  It's like it's definitely worse  than people improvising, but I just enjoy it.
  Like watching lip sync dialogue.
  I mean, this is this is tick tock before tick tock.
  Really? Oh, sure.
  It is.
 Yeah.
  The theme park stunt shows are tick tock before tick tock.
  They pretty much invented it.
  Yeah, there is something about it.
  I think it's just because.
  It's so I mean, it is like it's worse,  but like you're not seeing like a Broadway show.
  So it like kind of fits better at these like very abbreviated theme  park type shows to see something like that.
  It kind of adds to it in a way.
  And I don't even know if I can describe what I'm thinking, how it does that.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I'm just trying to think of like an application of it.
  Like if we gave people a like a track, like a track to lip sync to  like, could we give people clean audio to perform  a podcast, the ride stunt show from their home?  Oh, that's good.
  So like we should do it.
  We should do it when live shows return.
  We should do it.
  Oh, we'll just do it in advance.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Like, do we do it for a full 90 minutes?  And like, it would be like what we just have done.
  We just did this episode right now, right?  But we're worried we're going to get off track in front of the audience  and get distracted by stuff.
  So in order to hit it all,  we just do an episode earlier in the day and then just lip sync it  on stage at night.
  We could we could do that.
  Maybe just a part, I would say maybe just a piece of the show.
  I think it's got to be the I think it's got to be the full thing.
  It's the only way that will actually  and it'll make sure that the timing is is right.
  We don't go over.
  We don't bump some show that's coming up after us.
  Yes, that's good.
 No, you're right.
  It will keep us on track and there won't be any late shows happening.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I'm just concerned about the show after us, which is something that's way in advance.
  But we could do this very one.
  Imagine performing this classic episode right now.
  Now, that's interesting because we have a lot of bands go on tour  and they play the complete album.
  They play an album front to back in the exact same order,  usually in the same way that it was performed on the album.
  So that would be what we would do.
  We would perform our famous episodes on tour.
  And then we'll do a whole tour.
  We'll do a whole cross-country tour of, let's say, just one of the episodes,  one of our famous episodes.
  Yeah, we're just doing no, this tour, they're not really going to be, you know,  they they want to hit the classics.
  They're just doing Sword in the Stone.
  They're going to remember that we all remember this.
  What we said about Sword in the Stone and we're going to do that city to city.
  Yes.
 And it's and there's that polite applause.
  You know, there's a concert applause where you're surprised by the song.
  But then there's the when you see the full album and like, oh, here it is.
  They've made it to tracks.
  And that's how it would be with, you know, riff number seven  from the now classic Sword in the Stone.
  We have those famous riffs, you know, where we're thinking about,  like, what kind of stone is it?  What if it was quartz?  What if it was a sword in the quartz?  And there's all these laughs coming from that big riff we had.
  And you'll get to see that performed live every night.
  Exactly like you remember it.
  Yeah, people, people want because you already in the, you know,  my memory is hazy.
  But from what I recall about doing live shows, people are usually wearing stone  in the sword in the quartz shirts.
 Right.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Typically.
  So I know they want it's our biggest selling shirt.
  Sword in the Quartz.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  And it sounds like sword in the quartz, but it's not quartz.
  Sword in the quartz.
 Sword in the quartz.
 Right.
  We kept saying we had fun with that, as I recall, in the original episode.
  You can go back and listen.
 Right.
  So yeah, sword in the quartz.
  Sword in the quartz episode front to back.
  I really we should after this is done, record a riff  and I'll just plug it into the episode to make it seem like.
  Oh, what's that word memory hole?  Yes.
 Yes.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Then they'll never know.
  Never know this was a joke.
  Those suckers.
  Anyway, well, also just, you know,  that we were getting towards the end of the episode.
  Feel free to just to lip sync all of it and send it to us.
  If you post it to our Twitter, imagine that.
  What a reward.
 What a reward.
  If you have 90 minutes, if you live with like two people  and you can somehow like clip a piece of audio from the show  and you want to perform it like you're us.
  Yeah.
 Go for it.
  And do that and send it to us.
  And that way we can definitively put you on a little list.
  What?  I think we can just.
  What? That way we can keep track of everyone who did that.
  And we.
 Oh, you're saying that they're crazy.
  Yeah, we just be concerned about it.
  You're saying if they like us and want to do a fun thing,  that there's something wrong with them.
 I see.
  Yes.
 And much like the Ghostbusters being put in the cells.
  And I forget whether it's Ghostbusters one or two.
  We will.
 We'll take you away.
  Huh? All right.
  Well, Jason's on record here.
 He does not want fun.
  I think that's been on record since like episode two.
  He hates he loves thrills.
 He loves heights.
  He loves thrills.
 I love heights.
  I love that fun nonsense.
  I love proficient Ghostbusters.
  Yeah, we have to.
  We're all stuck in our places.
  People are getting really excited about the notion of doing a full 90 minute  version of this episode, which may be over 90 minutes by now.
  They were going to add stunts to it.
  They were going to.
  When we talked about the proton back, they were going to pantomime  blasting at the cells.
  If they make it the road, if they make it, that's more OK.
  That's more like postmodernist interpretation of classic art pieces.
  I'm a little more on board.
  All right.
 I'd like to call for something different now.
  I'd like to just call for lip syncs of you talking about Scrapple.
  I would just like that's a good run to do it for.
  Yes, sure.
  Just any of them.
  But I think you got to you got to stunt show it in our reactions  is if we're going what Scrapple that has to be us like almost falling over,  maybe literally falling like Dan Aykroyd.
  Like Dan Aykroyd running, you're on one leg and you're like almost going to fall over.
  You're wobbly.
  Yeah, yeah, that sounds great.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Set up just put some mattresses around where you live.
  And then like I'm so shocked about Jason Scrapple use that I fall out the window.
  Don't fall out the window.
  We don't fall out the window.
  We don't want that on our heads if somebody falls out of a five storey building.
  Don't try this at home.
  But just put like a patio furniture cushion on the ground and try to jump on it  like you were auditioning for like a Tropicana Orange Juice commercial.
  And they go, it's fine.
 Just land on that.
  Well, that's if we want to do more commercial talk.
  That happens a lot.
  Where they go, we got that.
  We got a crash pad for you and you go, oh, you got it.
  And you like fall on it and you go, this hurts.
  This really hurts.
  This is not I wasn't trained for this.
  Yeah, I have no center of balance.
  So this will be interesting.
  How do you pan on my does Jay?  I mean, Jason then has to like consume some Scrapple.
  You know what might be missing from that?  Just one element.
  Can you just add in like the sound of you eating Scrapple and them saying like,  I don't know, numb, numb, good Scrapple?  Numb, numb, good Scrapple, Pennsylvania, fresh.
  Oh, good addition.
  I mean, maybe even just do that.
  That might be plenty if you don't want to find whatever episode we talked about.
  Scrapple.
 Yeah, that's good.
  Yeah.
 Well, that's a good tick tock challenge.
  The numb, numb, Pennsylvania, fresh tick tock challenge.
  I really like that.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
  Well, let's let's see.
  We issue to you the numb, numb, Pennsylvania, tick tock challenge.
  And with that, you've survived the Ghostbusters  spectacular episode.
  I really do.
  In this case, do go watch those videos about it,  because that'll tell you, you know, real thing.
  It's great.
 I mean, I really watch it.
  I was like, this is looks really great.
  This would be really great.
  Now there's like it doesn't even feel that dated.
  Like the very fun show.
  That's it's a good show.
  Such a short sighted 1996 ass decision to replace it with Twister, right?  It out.
 Yeah, like that feels like they would have had.
  I mean, I guess they probably replaced it because it wasn't drawing as much.
  But it feels like obviously that was going to have more legs than Twister.
  I think it was just cheaper.
  I think it's just cheaper to run a little fog tunnel as opposed to like three  massive animatronics, six actors effects.
  Yeah.
 Oh, well, yeah.
  But hopefully it'll come back.
  Hopefully something will come back at least.
  They made some odd choices in the generational shift.
  The idea that like kids don't like Ghostbusters anymore.
  They like Twister.
  Yeah.
 And then look, they're making a new Twister, I think.
  And maybe they'll prove us wrong.
  Do you think the new Twister will be about the magic of the first Twister movie?  That's yes.
 Whoa.
  It's the original.
  This is one of the real original ping pong balls  from back in the way that they used to do it.
  Do you think the legend of the Twister is real?  No, man, that's just made up a hoax fantasy.
  No way.
 I went on eBay and bought this finger of God shirt.
  OK, well, what's that in your closet?  It's Dusty's vest.
  Wow.
  Whoa, wait a minute, you're related to Dusty.
  Yeah, I'm just a junior.
  Wait, when you were a kid, you met Belzer Lewis.
  Yeah, I did.
  He came to all my family functions.
  Scott was not reading.
  He knew that off the top of his head.
  He knew it off the dome.
  I knew it.
 And then there's the like  and then there's the like chopped up cool version of the Twister theme.
  Oh, yeah.
  Do you know what?  What? What? What? What? What? What?  Twister, get twisted.
  Hans Zimmer and the baby.
  Man, so man, can't wait to 2020.
  What a garbage fire.
  I can't wait till 2025 when the Hans Zimmer, the baby and Dusty's nephew  Twister, Twister generations.
  Yeah, OK.
  Yeah, the magic of Twister.
  Second storm.
  That's a better name.
  But yeah, I don't know.
  Generations is that was good.
  So all right.
  Hey, for more HOTCAST the Fright, this is just the first of two for the month.
  So HOTCAST the Fright will keep coming at you.
  Keep it tuned here to the cemetery gate.
  More fun coming to the the main feed.
  I think, well, we aren't.
  Yeah, on Friday, we aren't moving too far from this neck of the park.
  I think that's what we can say.
  And that'll be a blast.
