 ["Apocalypse  Theme Song"]  Grab your 100% polyester pullover shirts and one size fit all elastic waist pants.
  It's a very special, hot cast the fright, the cemetery gate.
  I'm Rick Zombieberg joined by General Trag and Dr.
 Murderhog.
  General Trag from Dimension X, yes, this is me.
  Hey, Dr.
 Murderhog, checking in from your primary care office.
  In hell.
  In hell.
  Yeah, and I'm Rick Zombieberg.
  Am I like a, I'm a real estate agent.
  I'm an underworld real estate agent, it sounds like maybe.
  You also work in hell.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  I like, I flip properties.
  I update that like, you know, if people would rather,  if Satan wants more skulls of the damned instead of, you know,  if he wants human skulls to line the walls instead of  boar's skulls or hellhound skulls, you know, you got, you got to keep updated with the,  with the trends in hell.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  And that's what Rick Zombieberg does.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Just kind of a, yeah, a contractor, you know, and try to get reasonable prices,  but you know, you got to stay competitive.
  Yeah.
  That makes sense.
  People, you have a card and a phone number now.
  And like a smiling real estate agent kind of photo, but with like teeth rotting and  Mitch McConnell's hands giving a thumbs up with rich Mitch Rick McConnell's rotting hands.
  Yeah.
  You know, it's been a recurring thing all month specifically, I think all of October  and so far it hasn't come to pass, but we've certainly been done with all of the,  all of the villains of the world.
  I feel like throughout October we've had to say, well, we'll edit that out in case these people die.
  Yeah, that is a comment.
  I'm not COVID and, uh, and I will add it here.
  We may have to edit this out if someone is dead by the time this is released.
  If Mitch McConnell's hands fall clean off, if he like turns into scarabs, I'll love mummy.
  But if the scarabs, okay.
  So is maybe his final plan that he turns into scarabs and then the scarabs each get a,  uh, like a vote in the Senate.
  So if he turns into 300 scarabs, then that's 300 Republican votes.
  And this is his final plan to beat the court packing that everyone is so worried about.
  Here's why that's different than the Democrats out in new States.
  So here's why that's different.
  Is that the scarab talking or is that Mitch before the scarab?  It's hard to tell.
  Like it's, he's kind of flashing.
  He's mid faces like half Mitch, half scarab.
  It's like an old holograph.
  It's transformation.
  I'll speak on behalf of everyone else.
  Yes.
  Look, when you have a Republican president and the mandate to turn into scarabs,  you all get individual votes is clear.
  Do you truly somebody, somebody texts you and goes, Hey, did you see Mitch McConnell  turned into a bunch of scarabs?  And you go, huh?  2020 boy.
  What a dumpster fire of a year.
  Could things get any crazier?  Yeah.
  You barely it dominates the news cycle for like five hours and then a new Trump tweets.
  Yeah.
  Well, we'll edit this.
  Oh no.
  If he turns into scarabs, we'll leave this in because it makes, you know, us look like geniuses.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  If we called it, I mean, it'll be within the week.
  Yeah.
  If it happens before Wednesday, when this comes out, then we're really ahead of it.
  Yeah.
  But you know what?  Were that to happen?  I mean, what a perfect thing to package and turn into a bagged Halloween costume.
  The topic of today's episode.
  This is obviously outside of the theme park thing, but I think bagged Halloween  costumes are one of the primary ways that we get silly theming into the world,  you know, outside of theme parks.
  And, you know, it's one of the best ways to make the world a silly cartoon place.
  I think obviously everyone has some experience with these things for your Halloween  activities.
  I think that if I'm talking about me personally, my mom would always insist on making the costumes  and I wanted the bagged costumes, but probably didn't get them.
  I think maybe later when I got older, I got some, but it's interesting because it's  where I mean, the ones I think I want to talk about are the funnier ones, but you know,  there would be, there would be some elaborate ones I think kids would have, and I would be  very jealous of them sometimes.
  Yeah.
  It's kind of the more like standardized way you felt like to really look like the guy.
  And I feel like, you know, the bigger characters get some pretty good ones.
  And I still feel like you'll see, you'll see like really good kid, you know, Marvel characters  and DC characters and stuff.
  But I, you know, in what this topic is, I like that we, I think I texted this to you guys a  while ago and everybody was really on board, but it seemed it's kind of like a litmus test.
  Like what does, what does this topic mean to you?  And I'm excited to find out.
  Yeah.
  Cause I think there's probably like individual weird things to fixate on within this crazy  genre of product.
  I think I'm in the zone of what you were thinking, but I was like, I was doing a little  research last night and I went, I don't actually know what we're supposed to be doing here.
  I think I know.
  I kind of feel the same way.
  I was like, I think I know what we're doing.
  I like, I knew exactly what I would do, but I'm interested to see if that's right.
  Scott, I think this is one where you are the maestro.
  Like this might be one of your opus since, cause I know this has been an obsession for a while,  but like I, I, I do want to take some credit by inadvertently summoning this demon  because I made a joke very early on in COVID times.
  There was an article about like, what does this mean for the Halloween shops?  And I was like, yeah, so when someone think about the shadiest business, second only to  fireworks stores.
  And you were like, please do not disrespect these at listed.
  Some of the great copyright free, copyright skirting Halloween costumes.
  I was like, oh, I didn't even, I forgot all about this.
  I feel like it's a thing you forget about until you see it and you're like, oh, I know  this better than some family members.
  Of course we all have a good laugh about these.
  This is good, wholesome fun.
  I think that's sort of what delights me and that, you know, not this year cause shopping  in person is tough, but like when that season rolls around and the myriad of businesses  close to turn into temporary Halloween stores, particularly, particularly spirit Halloween,  which has become so notorious in the recent past.
  And you get to do the little path around this.
  Let's like walk around.
  I rarely ever buy anything.
  I just love walking up and seeing the cheapest, worst, most breakable, most flammable fabrics  in the world.
  Like how do we turn a dollar 50 of raw material into a $70 costume that in some cases, in  the best cases avoids the license of the actual intellectual property that it is supposed  to represent.
  Yeah, it is.
  This is one of those words like to the companies like that, like to, would sue, do they just  go, it's not even worth it.
  It's not like, God bless.
  If you want to take a bunch of rags, charge $80 for it and call it Ironman.
  God bless.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  And maybe we have red rags.
  I think they all like probably all these companies kind of like appear for one year and then  scatter like roaches or scarabs, if you will.
  And just like, nevermind.
  That was never a company.
  We weren't a company.
  And then they go reform in like a different country, call themselves something different.
  Right.
  Like, you know, Joy Town Inc becomes Spooky Time LLC.
  There's no way to set like they're in mid collapse, I think.
  And you know, like you wouldn't sue a house of cards because it's on its way to falling anyway.
  Of course.
  Yeah, that's I'm sure like there should be a lot of investigation.
  You know, I'd like to get the laptop of the owners of these companies to see what they've  been up to.
  I'd like Rudy Giuliani to do a little of that for us, you know, because there's, I bet  there's something on those hard drives.
  Yeah, obviously, you know, a lot of visits to childtrafficking.
com.
  This is what Rudy is sitting on.
  He won't show us.
  He's keeping the information to himself.
  He's doling it out because he has the unique gatekeepers.
  You can't just flood us with this info.
  Yeah.
  But yeah, all of these Halloween company bastards are all, you know, looking for like  discount children.
com.
  Yeah, I think that's right.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  But just gum bags and it'll all come out.
  We'll all very soon.
  Very soon.
  It'll all be clear.
  Very soon.
  It'll be beautiful and it'll be clear.
  But yeah, I think that that I think is the best.
  Like, I just like it makes me so happy.
  Anytime I look at the most generic model you've ever seen in a heavily smile and real big with  the fakest white teeth in the most photoshopped version of a costume that you know it will not  look like just the bags themselves.
  I feel like create permacrees in costumes.
  They will never go like this is folded forever.
  Even if you wear it 100 times and wash it 100 times, which doesn't happen.
  I don't think anyone washes a Halloween costume.
  No, I can't imagine.
  Yeah.
  I can't imagine that material that material would fall apart in a washing machine.
  It would destroy the washing machine.
  Destroy the washing machine.
  Yeah, I was going to say if you want to get a insurance write off for that washing machine.
  I put my costume for alien investigator black suit man in the washing machine.
  And now it's just permanently there's just like black tar around.
  My washing machine was silver.
  Not anymore.
  It stains all my clothes, but the stain doesn't go away itself.
  I was trying to find Mitch McConnell Halloween costume, but I don't think it exists.
  Nobody's doing it.
  Yeah.
  Nobody like either on one side, the side that likes him doesn't like him enough to dress  up like him.
  And then we like the other side does not want to hear about him anymore than we have to.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  Anyways, I don't know.
  It's open ended.
  It's a free for all.
  It's really just when you think about this topic, what makes you happy?  I have a big pile of photos we can look at and maybe some little mental challenges that  we can play as well.
  Jason, I'm curious though, because you were saying you were looking into the venerable  institution Spirit Halloween a little bit and some of their history.
  Yeah, I found out it was like local to like the my neck of the woods where I grew up.
  It is based out of Egg Harbor Township.
  So a couple things.
  One Spirit Halloween.
  Yes, they kind of like pop up everywhere.
  Like when it's Halloween season, which usually starts around August, goes to like just past  Halloween, they have like 1400 locations across the country.
  And it's one of those things where like once Halloween is over, they start looking for  empty storefronts start of November for the following year.
  Oh, just instantly.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Yeah, because it can take a while to negotiate the leases, especially like we want to lease  it, but we want to lease it for four or five months.
  So my favorite discovery and Spirit Halloween started by a guy who this was my favorite  discovery.
  I think he started it as a Spirit Women's Discount Apparel.
  It was a women's clothing store.
  And then he noticed how much the costume store next door was raking in the customers come  Halloween time.
  So for he tried a limited run of like, well, what if I sell costumes and he made 100 grand  in a month?  And this is like 1983.
  So 100 grand went a lot farther.
  And I love that corny instinct of just like, what are the kids like now?  Oxygen bars, fidget spinners.
  Let's try it.
  Let's do it.
  And the more I had thought about that, I realized, you know, I know I keep talking about  like the death of culture of like everything just keep there's no new stuff.
  Everything just keeps getting remade.
  But I think if you are having trouble processing the insane acceleration, it's news nowadays.
  If you just imagine like an aging carnival barker, like an aging carnivore or chomping  a cigar and you say any news story like that, it just makes sense.
  Like, yeah, everyone's mad at Chris Pratt.
  See, he didn't go to the fundraiser.
  Yeah, there's a pedophile ring under a pizza place.
  See, I don't care if the lion killed someone last night.
  I want it under the big top now.
  It just helps.
  You think spirit Halloween esque people are kind of behind everything, like fueling many  things in this world.
  Yeah.
  Even though spirit Halloween just kind of the online store is pretty much year round.
  But even though spirit Halloween pops up and goes away, it's like, oh, well, if everything  is carny shit, if everything is spirit Halloween, it makes the world.
  It's not good, but it makes it make a little more sense.
  Every thing is hypothesis that everything is carny shit.
  Yeah.
  I mean, yeah, the president, he's talking about the big man.
  He's got this big man.
  We got a big man, too.
  He's the biggest man you ever see.
  You know, I got that.
  This is I like that this is a little Burgess Meredith, too.
  Yeah.
  Well, you know, I I'm afraid if I go to James Cagney, it'll summon Bugsy Bones.
  You know, so I gotta be careful.
  That's a fine example of a Halloween of a bagged Halloween costume.
  The garb hornbite.
  Pinstripe gangster skeleton.
  Which has come back in several projects.
  And I can say I've never washed those pinstripes.
  Don't that this particular person has to wear every couple of years.
  Yeah, like the Borat suit.
  You don't wash it.
  I was like, oh, go ahead, Jason.
  Oh, I was going to say another fact about spirit Halloween.
  OK, so to give them some credit, in around 2006, 2007, they launched a charity called  Spirit of Children, where they donate money to pediatric hospitals.
  And they Halloween time, they give a lot of toys and games and costumes and  pay for pet therapy and stuff.
  And that is a nice thing that they do.
  I will say on their website, like about us page, they're like, and it's all about the children.
  And it's like, you opened in 1983.
  You this charity is less than 20 years old.
  It's been all about the children for like 14 years.
  Like, let's be careful.
  As of recently.
  As of recently.
  The other thing I discovered about Spirit Halloween is the parent company now,  as of like the 90s, is Spencer's Gifts.
  Wow, really?  The mall's standby, yes.
  That's interesting.
  And I had not been in a Spencer's Gift in years.
  And then I went like last year in the it's in the Galleria.
  And I didn't realize they sell a lot of sex toys in there.
  Yeah.
  In the in a mall, really?  Yeah.
  It's tucked away in the back of it's in that like addendum to the Galleria.
  You know what I'm talking about?  That kind of connects over the street.
  And I was in there with friend of the show, Andrew Grissom.
  And I think we were walking around and I went, this is a wall of sex toys on a Spencer's Gifts.
  Now, just to be clear, Mike, you aren't qualifying a candy thong as a sex toy.
  I'm not.
  No, I'm not doing that.
  Yeah, that would be if it was like, it's like I saw some Rick and Morty underwear.
  That's a sex toy.
  That's a fun thing.
  That's a fun thing you do.
  It's a Harley Quinn wig.
  That's a sex toy.
  Sex toy.
  It's designed to titillate.
  Well, they always had what I always heard called novelties,  like penis pasta.
  Yeah, candy thong.
  But I did keep coming up with like coming across articles where they're like the store  that sells like, you know, dirty shot glasses and sex toys.
  And I was like, oh, they expanded.
  Yeah, they really did.
  I mean, I knew them because I had been in one years ago and there was a greeting card  with Santa taking a shit down a chimney.
  Yes.
  And I was like, that's the perfect Spencer's gift.
  Oh, at 1213, when you went to the mall with your friends, it was a must stop.
  No one ever bought anything.
  Maybe someone bought a Simpsons poster that looked like the Sopranos logo or,  I don't know, a poster of a bunch of license plates that spell something out.
  But like, I don't think anyone really ever dropped real money.
  So I was thinking and I had this thought when I could not sleep at 5 a.
m.
 this morning.
  Hey, how are Spencer's gifts doing during the pandemic?  And the answer was not great.
  So there's a ProPublica article with the headline.
  It's from March 18th.
  Spencer's pressured employees to come to work selling gag gifts and sex toys until we called.
  So Spencer's is one of those companies that was like pushing their luck and staying open,  like after the state of emergency, as employees are like, you got to shut down.
  We don't want to.
 You got to.
  So once the press started poking around, they did shut down.
  And then there was another article on chain storage I found that said as a March 30th,  Spencer's furloughs all their employees.
  So they got around to that.
  And to continue, the hits just keep coming.
  This is from April, the National Law Review.
  Spencer's gifts LLC to pay 90,000 to Seattle to settle disability discrimination lawsuit.
  That's a funny mispronounciation.
  He's been up to five.
  He's been up since five.
  I've been upset.
  Yeah, I did get back to 90,000.
  Not much, though.
  Not much, though.
  It was basically an employee was diagnosed with Marfan's, which is a joint, I believe,  a joint disorder.
  It can be difficult to walk.
  And they were asking for reasonable accommodations.
  Spencer's laid them off at the first chance they could get after their disability claim ran out.
  And so they sued and won.
  They have a bad attitude, much like many of the products they sell.
  They're Brian from Family Guy Vibrator.
  By the way, I've been kind of stuck on penis pasta since you brought it up.
  I've certainly been aware of penis pasta, but never really meditated on it.
  Is it to be laughed at?  Is it to be.
.
.
  You wouldn't be turned on by penis pasta.
  Is anyone who might eat penis pasta so obsessed with penises that just each bite would make them quiver?  Just seeing a plate of it, like, oh my, oh, this is too sexy to eat.
  Excuse me a minute.
  My guess is, and I haven't seen the particular penis pasta we're talking about,  because my guess is it's sort of like a macaroni.
  It's the size of a macaroni.
  And I would agree with your hypothesis there that that's not anything that people are getting  turned on with.
  But if there's sort of like penis ravioli, maybe larger pieces of pasta that potentially  are the size of a real penis, perhaps then what you're talking about could be true.
  You're saying like taking five raviolis for that amount of.
.
.
  I mean, really, we're getting into lasagna territory.
  Penis lasagna is what I'm talking about.
  Yes.
  If it was a penis lasagna now, that is maybe erotic for someone.
  Not me, but someone.
  Which, like, if you can sort of manufacture it to where, like,  as if you place pressure on the right area, then like ricotta.
  Oh, I know where you're going with this.
  I don't think it would be that hard to make that happen, quite frankly.
  If you pack it really tight, like.
.
.
  This would be a really good challenge on one of these Netflix cooking shows  to see if you could make that happen.
  Well, yeah, because the host would say, you know, if you're not hand making your own  penis pasta, why even bother?  You know, why buy in the box?  Right.
  This is maybe a good business idea, like the buca di beppo of eroticism,  where each.
.
.
  Like, you get giant plates of food that are also meant to be very sexy.
  I think you could get Robert Earl on board with this.
  I think this might be his most desired business.
  Oh, I love penis-shaped food.
  You do a better one.
  You can do what you do with it.
  Yeah, you can.
  You do the better Robert Earl.
  And here, a platter of the most scrumptious ricotta dicks that you've ever seen.
  I can't wait to sample them myself.
  I mean, he's also in that.
.
.
  Did he go in with one of the real housewives on something?  Like, he's.
.
.
  Like, I feel like he'll invest in stuff.
  Yeah, maybe we should get a plan together.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Do you just spin it off from buca di beppo and make that words?  Is it just buca di beppo xxx?  I think it's good to, yeah, take the existing brand, so people recognize it  and then they understand what it is.
  Yeah.
  Well, I think you got to do a collab.
  As they say, the kids love collabs.
  So I think it's got to be buca di beppo x Spencer's Gifts.
  You got two powerhouses together.
  Sure, sure, sure.
  And this is the way to maybe say if Spencer's Gifts are in trouble,  you just start turning them into sit-down restaurants as soon as all this is over.
  I feel like it's.
.
.
  Yeah, it's a store that is experiential.
  You need to go to.
.
.
  No one's ordering Spencer's Gifts off online.
  But if the management's thinking is like,  okay, we got this employee, they have Marfan syndrome,  they're having knee surgery, this is a thing that.
.
.
  It wasn't joints, it affects connective tissue.
  They asked.
.
.
  The accommodations were light, no heavy lifting, light activity,  and I need to use a crutch or a cane.
  And you're like, ah, we can't do it.
  It's like, what are your priorities?  What do you do?  What is the store?  I don't know.
  I can't get into the head of Spencer's Gifts.
  I think their priority is Rick and Morty socks.
  That seems to be a priority for them other than that.
  Well, and that's been a real epic win for them, that skew.
  That's really worked out.
  As for their Spirit Halloween franchise,  this isn't like a Twitter meme.
  I don't ever get tired of this.
  There are Twitter things that I think have worn out their welcome.
  I would never ever like to see anyone remind any sirs that this is a Wendy's.
  That can go away forever and die, please.
  But things that are things that close and are vacant,  becoming Spirit Halloween's, I enjoy so much.
  I like when it's affected theme park worlds,  like things that, you know, that if during this time  all of Epcot Center is a Spirit Halloween.
  I thought in my memory, the very funny Twitter account,  Americana, brand memes, like, oh, they've done some,  he's done some Spirit Halloween stuff.
  And I found one where he said for this year,  since Los Angeles is canceling Halloween,  Spirit Halloween is becoming a Spirit Halloween.
  And then there was a second sign of one side of the other.
  That's kind of the ultimate one that you could do.
  But if you, I mean, like just Google it,  seeing a bunch of like, you know, like I'm looking at,  you know, what was clearly a babies are us.
  And they put up the Spirit Halloween banner and it doesn't quite cover the,  you can still see the B and the us.
  I feel like circuit cities are made for like so much of America  is like buildings that have a big cube for no reason  that are closed for eight months and then Spirit Halloween's for four months.
  Uh, what is the nearest one to everyone?  Sorry, Jason, I cut you off.
  The nearest Spirit Halloween.
  And what did it used to be?  I don't know, cause I don't go outside anymore.
  Oh, good point.
  I will answer the question.
  It is very close to here and it used to be a Kmart.
  Oh, I did see that.
  I took a drive.
  I saw the yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, that's an interesting.
  Is Kmart done or just that Kmart?  What happened to Kmart?  I think Kmart is done and that Kmart's been done for a few years now.
  It was always like, it felt like it had not changed since 1969.
  That was like an extremely old school.
  That Kmart I went into a decade ago and it felt like,  it felt like like a tornado had hit the store and no one ever cleaned up.
  Like it was just bizarre.
  It was like so surreal.
  It was scarier than seeing the crown books in West Hills or wherever that is.
  It was like so creepy and yeah, nothing had been touched.
  Nothing had been updated since the heyday of Kmart, you know, what, 30 years ago?  Yeah.
  I'm sure there's one in Studio City.
  I can't tell.
  I think it was a Pier one potentially.
  Okay, that makes sense.
  Office Max or Office Depot, I think is another Valley one.
  I'll say this, the flagship Spirit Halloween,  Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, located in an old circuit city.
  Wow.
  Wow.
  Nailed it.
  It seems like people are, we're all as a nation fighting against this, but I feel like if things  have gone another way that we would have seen just like most of the US post offices become  Spirit Halloweens.
  Hey, I think that's still on the table depending on who wins.
  Oh yes, true.
  I think, well, depending on who wins, I think like 95% of businesses may become Spirit Halloween.
  Yeah.
  Well, so, but you know, but we're not entirely here to talk about Spirit Halloween, although I  realized in looking at it and just Google imaging it, you know, it would be a great costume and I  don't have time to pull it off, but being the Spirit Halloween Spirit.
  Oh yeah.
  Does that character have a name?  Hmm.
  I don't know.
  Not that I'm seeing.
  Let me just share screen so we're all looking at the same thing.
  I mean, that's a boy.
  Now I want to do that.
  If you just got like a yellow, like a big yellow sun made out of poster board or something you  could burst out of, I mean, just like any ghoul costume would do.
  You just need the one red eye, but maybe that and then like with the logo of another business,  with like some of the soup plantation logo.
  Coming out from behind it.
  That's a good costume.
  I'm looking at this.
  What if we make a Spirit Sector Keeper Halloween shirt?  Oh yeah.
  That's a good idea.
  Sector Keeper.
  Yeah.
  And a similar.
  That's cool.
  I would do that.
  Maybe next year.
  We're going to be right up against Halloween here.
  Yeah, that's true.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  We're heading right for it.
  Barreling to it.
  I mean, it'd be very funny to put that shirt out November 1st.
  That's a good point.
  We're all busy.
  Much like Spirit Halloween getting right to it.
  Right.
  Soon as the season's over.
  Sorry, Jason, go ahead.
  I'm sorry.
  I keep doing it.
  I forgot about our tenuous connection to Spirit Halloween.
  Shortly after the That's From Disneyland exhibit wrapped up,  that old Models that became an exhibit and performance space became Spirit Halloween.
  Oh, of course.
  Of course it did.
  Of course.
  I think it was so refreshing to see with that exhibit to see a place like that not be a Spirit  Halloween briefly.
  But it had to.
  It took it, it finally accepted its fate.
  I also like that all of the Spirit Halloween's, that's a two-story space.
  They will often take over this hulking mammoth space, but then have to put these fake facade  walls because they don't have enough costumes to fill an entire former Sears.
  So they just have to section off like 20% of it.
  And then they have just like infinite storage space.
  They could hold enough costumes for everyone in California in a single one of these.
  Yeah, I remember, and this actually segs into what I was about to say.
  Last year over in the former Toys R Us over here, they put not a Spirit Halloween,  but a Halloween city.
  Covering up Toys R Us.
  Very good.
  Next to a toy city.
  And if you went inside, they were utilizing about 50% of the space in the Toys R, the  former Toys R Us.
  And it, it's odd.
  It feels kind of like when you'd have like a nightmare about a place you've been,  but it's not quite right.
  Like this was certainly the case.
  There was like just a little section of like toys.
  And then all the bagged Halloween costumes that we are about to get to.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Boy, that sign is so awful too.
  And then still the exit only from Toys R Us.
  I don't know.
  I'm like, there's something depressing about all of these places, but then like so fun.
  I mean, I like getting to take the little trip is so great.
  So I, yeah.
  Do you want to talk about like costumes that we've run into?  Like what are examples of some of the things that have delighted us?  Yes, I think so.
  I have a folder here on my desktop.
  Well, I have it sectioned into different areas, but I feel like the primary thing,  we might have some crossover.
  I don't know, but I think we might as well kick off with the most fun thing, which is  the not getting the IP correctly of writing.
  Now there's plenty of real licensing going on and plenty of ways to get real.
  This is Disney.
  This is Marvel.
  This is David S.
  Pumpkins.
  I've noticed a lot of that.
  There's like still a ton of David S.
  Pumpkins around, but to me it is so fun when they have to like word soup a phrase  that reminds you of the character, but is not the character.
  And if you don't feel free to jump around, if you have other ones of these,  there's been like slide shows that you can see that give you some of the,  but feel free to start or I'll track some of mine down.
  Oh, sure.
  Okay.
  So I think, and I'm not sure if these are all, but there's a company called Leg Avenue.
  Did you find this, Scott?  That's the one I was trying to, that's the sexy company.
  Yes, that's the sexy company.
  Avenue.
  What does that phrase mean?  Yeah, I don't know.
  I'm not sure exactly.
  Is leg Avenue like, is if those are sexy, is the implication that leg Avenue is the way you get  to the genitals.
  That's the street that leads you to, uh, I suppose you could think of it like that for, yes,  I think that's correct.
  To, uh, to penis place.
  Penis, gotta rock down to the leg Avenue.
  Um, these actually though, the ones here, I think I'm going to pull up are not from leg Avenue,  though they do have a big selection.
  Let me see how the best way to do this.
  Okay.
  So this first one, I like a lot.
  And these are actually, all of these are female costumes of the sexy variety.
  This first one is, uh, a punisher analog.
  It's a called the punishing one.
  And it's kind of like a one piece bathing suit with a skull on the front.
  That's not quite the Punisher skull.
  Yeah.
  Um, and then from star line, I'll let like still like weird brands within all of these.
  Yeah.
  The other thing, can you, can you bring that back up?  Because the other thing I really like is, um, how, you know, there's some, like, there's some  fun to the name, right?  And you can get excited, like, oh, look at that sexy girl and look at the, and then you  look at that sexy girl and look at the, and it's a fun logo in it.
  But then they always have to include the dull, like, um, costume industry, internal phrase  ology.
  So the punishing one package includes romper, waist belt, leg, what does that say?  Leg belt and gloves.
  Um, I, like, I, I get addicted to those kinds of things.
  Like with over wrapping lace bodice, one size fits most.
  Um, why would you follow the Instagram or the Facebook of the company that makes the ripoff  costumes?  Like follow star line LA on Instagram.
  I think we're all going to follow it.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, I think so.
  Um, I mean, one of my favorite things about this neck of the woods is that there are a  million, like you said, like slideshows, listicles, Twitter threads, YouTube, you know,  countdown video.
  They all like cannibalize each other.
  Like it is like he costumes themselves.
  Like, well, no, it's impossible to pinpoint who's the first one to do this.
  Everyone is cribbing off everyone else.
  It's beautiful and poetic in a way.
  I would love to know what it's like to work with them.
  Like, yeah.
  Do you, if you work at leg Avenue, are you angry at star line?  Are they all trying to destroy each other?  Mm hmm.
  Uh, I have a few more star line.
  I'm realizing that a lot of these are star line.
  In this category here, I like, uh, this is not Cruella de Vil.
  It's cruel, love villain.
  With an E cruel.
  Cruella.
  Yeah, you're right.
  Cruella villain.
  Wait, I also have a Cruella de Vil.
  Oh, it's just, it's a little less.
  It's just cruel villain costume.
  Okay.
  Are you?  Are you like some of these, um, are you like surprised that there's like, I don't feel  like I've really felt like people are like into Cruella de Vil.
  Right.
  Like, is it, is that a common?  I think people are into Cruella de Vil actually.
  Hmm.
  Yeah, I think so.
  I guess so.
  She's got a whole thing.
  Because she's bad.
  She's I'm a good boy and she's bad.
  Why would you be into a bad girl?  I think she's got a whole, she's got the code and yes, maybe it's made of puppies,  but it's glamour and, uh, you know, you can appreciate that she is who she is.
  All of these actual costumes there are made of puppies as well.
  That's.
  They're cheaper.
  Well, they like work in tandem with a puppy killing company.
  It's all on the laptop.
  Uh, okay.
  So this is, uh, not wonder woman.
  It's wonderful babe.
  Party, women's wonderful babe costume.
  You end up with all these real, oh, that also, that Mike is from nasty.
com.
  Yes, it is.
  From nasty.
com.
  I left that in there for you.
  Your homepage.
  That in itself is like a weird word soup of it's kind of got.
  Ass in it and it's kind of nasty.
  Like I guess it in general recalls, um, sexiness, but is like a disgusting phrase.
  Oh yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Um, so that's a wonderful babe, which would be funny if wonder woman's name was a wonderful babe.
  But yeah, that's kind of fun to like imagine the entire franchise and the film and the poster  and then, and you know, WB 84.
  Pride.
  Wonderful babe 84.
  Uh, yeah.
  I mean, that's, I don't actually have two, there's a, let's see here.
  I have one more.
  It's not as good as wonderful babe.
  It's just riddle girl, riddle girl, riddle.
  It's like the Riddler, but he's, she's got stockings and yeah, I guess it's, it's,  I got to be assuming it's the Riddler that she's an analog for.
  There's no precedent really for a female Riddler.
  Is there a female Riddler ever Jason?  I don't think so, but maybe I'm wrong.
  There probably was in one, one issue.
  Yeah.
  They're, they're starting to get to that point of like,  every character's had multiple versions.
  Yeah.
  The anti-joker or like a bad, what if Joker was bad, like eventually you just run out  of combinations and twisting.
  Right.
  Here's, here's actually, here's one more.
  Uh, and here's a question.
  This is a, this is an example of them using the name of a character, but I am almost positive  they don't have the license.
  Judy Jetson.
  Judy Jetson.
  And it's a very sexy Judy Jetson costume, but I don't see the Jetson's logo.
  I don't see Joe Hanna or William Barbera's name anywhere here.
  We didn't approve this.
  We sure didn't.
  So I wonder what about this.
  This is a company called secret wishes.
  Jesus.
  So I'm not sure here.
  Are they all one company also?  Is that possible?  They throw people off the train.
  It's like the, the, the ghost kitchens, like they all like the socks.
  Yeah.
  Socks are the, um, the flip-flop companies.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  So I'm, I have a lot of questions about this because yes, it's not licensed, but it's,  it's the character's name for sure.
  Unless there's a, maybe there's enough Judy Jetsons in the phone book,  rendering it usable as a name.
  Oh yeah.
  If there's a real Judy Jetson in the world.
  Which there probably is.
  I think so.
  Yeah.
  So maybe that's how they got around this.
  They couldn't make a Elroy Jetson unless there's a bunch of Elroys.
  Maybe there are.
  That one's more of a stretch.
  If you were a male, sexy Elroy Jetson.
  I, there's gotta be a picture of that online.
  Let me put it off shirt.
  Well, they did do grownup Bam Bam and Pebbles cartoon at some point.
  There are a child and everything.
  Yeah.
  I certainly just found an adult Elroy costume, but I don't know that I would call it sexy.
  Probably it was just kind of a onesie.
  Here it is.
  I don't know.
  That's very, I mean, the hat is very like Peter Pan meets Robin Hood meets space.
  Yeah.
  Kind of a brown doily on top of his overalls.
  You could sexy this up pretty quick, I think.
  Yeah, it's up to you to do just like cut some holes selectively.
  Yeah.
  In all of these pictures, you always have like,  it's usually the same type of girl in it.
  I feel like it's a lot of sort of Megan Fox lookalikes.
  That's the, you know, the kind of like brooding babe essentially.
  And then the guys just always, they're always like beefcakes.
  They're always Chip and Dale style.
  Just like, you know, big dumb super cut guy.
  And they always seem humiliated.
  Like seeing these kinds of guys in like a diaper or chaps or whatever,  like it seems like the most, like you're probably,  you're happy to get any like modeling gig, but you're probably worried.
  Like is one of my friends going to find this in 13 years or is like  my child's going to be shopping somewhere and find me as, you know,  sexy venom or whatever it is.
  Hunky venom.
  Um, uh, let me, let me pull up some of my, uh, some of my ripoffs.
  Um, so, uh, let's see.
  We got, uh, I like brave warrior America.
  Um, this guy, I don't understand his pose.
  He has kind of just a, a bent arm.
  I can't even tell which way it's turning.
  He seems to be like, kind of like twiddling with his nails or something.
  I wouldn't call that like a power pose.
  This is looks completely Photoshop.
  That looks like a fake arm.
  It does all of it.
  Like Bagdol in costume, uh, worlds across the board is just some of the poorest  Photoshop work you've ever seen, particularly when we, when we get to the babies,  which is a whole other category and we'll try to tweet a bunch of these babies are  definitely some of the best.
  Uh, uh, let's see.
  We got, uh, juice demon.
  Hold on a second.
  Hold on a second.
  I'm sorry.
  Before we move on, I know we have to dedicate some time to juice team.
  And can you go back to brave warrior America?  Certainly.
  Um, if you notice towards the bottom right of the picture, there is a union Jack flag.
  Oh, yes.
  Well, that guy on a website English will be indicated by the union Jack rather than  the American flag.
  That is very jarring.
  That is close to the captain America fake shield as it could possibly be as a union  Jack calling all British.
  Do you want to play brave warrior America?  Look at also like the off center, like the weird serif font and it's way up in the  corner.
  There's so much dead space.
  Is this sad, like, uh, like floppy captain America and then just the same image smaller  in the bottom, but the other way.
  And the stripes don't line up either.
  Oh yeah.
  He's a red and white is attached to a belt with just black that isn't on the other.
  It's very clashy and that they call what he's wearing a romper like a, like a baby.
  Yeah.
  Um, like this man is humiliated.
  If we, if he found out, he was just hoping these would only be sold regionally.
  Like, all right, you're only going to sell these in South Carolina, right?  Okay.
  Thank you.
  We're talking about brave warrior America on a podcast.
  There's, you know, the one thing we can take, uh, we can take comfort in the fact that  there's possible all of like his eyes, nose and mouth all come from different people and  they Photoshop them all onto this face.
  So he might not be actually one man.
  He might be a combination of 10.
  I think, I think you're correct.
  And that definitely happens with, with babies and children.
  You actually, why don't I just say that, uh, I think it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a  Actually, why don't I just, why don't I jump around a little because I, there's a good,  there was a good, um, not a baby, but like a slightly older kid.
  And I'm, I am like this, there is no such child.
  This does not look like a real human being.
  There's something incredibly wrong with this.
  He is a Batman.
  Look at this.
  What is this?  This is like a, um, a composite for a crime scene.
  This baby stole a car and  We think he looks like this blonde hair, uh, very thin eyebrows.
  A painted on face, like skin painted skin.
  Yeah.
  It looks like a weird, like, like, yeah, it's pulled off of a mug or something.
  Um, I showed this to Aaron who said like, he's wearing like, felt like a flipper.
  Like what they, I was, I wasn't aware of this that like on pageant kids that they  put fake teeth on them on like on top of a retainer.
  He looks like he's wearing a flipper and his mouth is in a perfect thin triangle.
  This is a very disturbing photo.
  Yeah, really.
  I'm glad there's definitely no such child.
  This is pulled from 12 children.
  Right.
  Um, anyway, uh, uh, all right, let's go, let's go back to the, uh, the other one.
  Um, so we got, uh, yeah, as I was saying, juice demon, who is, uh, who is a,  kind of a Cadillac, Cadillac of fake.
  Kind of a what?  Cadillac of fake.
  I was going to say kind of the Cadillac, I think of a bagged Halloween costume,  copyright skirting juice demon.
  Well, it, because like, um, brave warrior America is not appealing in and of itself.
  You couldn't make a franchise called that, but juice demon could definitely be his own movie.
  Yeah.
  Juice demon.
  Yeah.
  I would be like a good, um, asylum.
  I get no asylum does do parodies really, but like one of those Roger Corman style  places that just shits out.
  Don't wait.
  Doesn't asylum though, are they, are they the people behind trans morphers?  Are they?  Oh, are they?  Okay.
  Then I'm wrong.
  They are.
  I apologize.
  I thought they were just doing like original IP schlock, but they do.
  Okay.
  I was wrong.
  I apologize to asylum.
  I didn't know what schlock you guys did.
  Uh, um, which speaking of trans morphers is a really unfortunately named one up at the top here.
  Uh, they have reprised this company has represented trends,  formers with this costume trans boy.
  Wow.
  Seems a tad, uh, insensitive perhaps to just be shortening, uh, on that beer.
  Oh yes.
  Good.
  I was just gonna say, I feel like maybe the company doesn't know maybe the one person that  works at these companies and names these things.
  Isn't maybe aware.
  Well, and being that it was, it, you know, it's, it's, it's these are all made in a country we've  never heard of, uh, and we're all done like 20 years ago.
  So it's a good point.
  They may, they may be art, uh, with the times so much, uh, on the happier end of things,  I'm really fond of biscuit beast.
  This is both a knockoff name and a sexy, um, this is a, a purple version of the cookie monster.
  So she's got kind of like a fuzzy, uh, like head drape with big cookie monster eyes and  then little gloves, which contain little cookies.
  And then inexplicably a purse that is a cookie that looks like a bite was taken out of it.
  Wow.
  So this, and this is also has to be like, what an English costume because of the use  of the word biscuit instead of cookie.
  Oh, I guess so.
  And do they call cookies biscuits there?  I feel like that Jason, come on, help us out here.
  Yes.
  Chips are crisps and cookies are biscuits.
  Yeah.
  So you were, you're a biscuit beast when you go to the UK.
  Oh yeah.
  But I was a confused boy when I saw this picture, uh, the other day, cause I was like,  is this grimace?  And then I saw the cookie purse and I was like, ah, I see now.
  Yeah, right.
  The color and the eyes are extremely grimace, but clearly it's a,  oh, it's a cookie monster.
  But also like who, like I just kind of, you know, sometimes I wish my girlfriend  would dress up for me like the cookie monster.
  Yeah.
  Well, I didn't put two and two together to begin with, cause I was initially very hot  under the collar when I saw the sheer eroticism of biscuit piece.
  Oh, to get into the bedroom and have a hand laid on you that, that is, has a fuzzy  cookie laden fingerless glove.
  Oh, cool.
  The Palm is rough and crispy.
  Great.
  Why do these chocolate chips smell?  They smell metallic.
  Am I going to get cancer from this biscuit?  Let's see.
  This one's very popular on listicles and stuff.
  Cyberman or Padre.
  This is clearly an attempt at a, at a matrix costume, but then they can give you the choice  that it could also be with the addition of a big hat and a cross and a Bible.
  Now you can be a Padre.
  This costume does not come with a hat, a big cross or a Bible.
  Or it's a common thing that Richard Lewis wears.
  So to play that exercise, how do you, how do you public domain generic Richard Lewis?  Neurotic, neurotic, neurotic, funny adult.
  Yes.
  Great.
  Neurotic, funny, juice demon.
  Cause he sold the Boku.
  He sold us the wonderful Boku boxes.
  Wait, I don't remember.
  I don't remember.
  I don't remember.
  I don't remember.
  He sold us the wonderful Boku boxes.
  Wait, I don't remember this.
  What is this?  I don't know what you're talking about either.
  Boku.
  You don't remember Boku, the juice box for adults.
  What?  Richard Lewis was the spokesman for-  Yeah, Richard Lewis was the spokesman for Boku.
  This is blowing my mind that you guys don't know Boku.
  This wasn't the scheme with the bag that you put a needle in to make juice at home,  but you don't need the machine to get the juice.
  Not a Juicero.
  No, that's Juicero.
  Yeah.
  That was-  Wow.
  No, Boku was-  I see it.
  Juiced vegan in the 90s.
  Yeah, it was like an upscale version of a juice box.
  Still mostly corn syrup, but we would get them.
  They were too, like my mom would never buy that for daily school lunches,  but for class trips, well, you get a little treat when you go on a class trip.
  You got the adult juice.
  You got the upscale juice.
  You loved Boku.
  I loved Boku, yeah.
  Because you got, you know, if you're brown bagging it for a class trip,  you just pick up a hoagie in the morning.
  You pick up a Boku to go with it.
  It's a party.
  More lore that I didn't know is that you loved a juice box  that I think I've never heard of called Boku  that was advertised by Richard Lewis in the early 90s.
  Okay, listeners, this is my ask for this episode.
  On the Twitter post announcing this episode, reply, I know Boku.
  Back me up here.
  I just, I just need to know that I'm not denying it exists.
  I just love this bit of lore about this adult juice box that you loved as a kid.
  You get a hoagie Boku.
  Are you guys seeing my money?  Are you guys seeing my screen with Boku with the Google results?  Yeah, this is there.
  I mean, I was looking up Richard Lewis, but then there's a weird ad  that says exclusive cutting edge music offer.
  Wow.
  And then the Boku boxes, which are very upscale,  are then surrounded by a bunch of CDs.
  And then there's like a zigzag shape that says  a sampler of the hottest new alternative rock artists.
  And then the frame is like a bunch of clip art guitars and music notes and CDs.
  This is one of the best pieces of art I've ever seen.
  We got to get these Boku CDs.
  What was on the Boku?  Can I find this?  What?  Google.
  What was on the Boku rock sampler?  The picture looks familiar.
  Maybe we had Boku once or twice, but it did not loom large in my child brain like it did to you.
  I love this Boku.
  I don't know at the risk of getting too caught on Boku,  but it'll only take a second.
  Should we watch a Richard Lewis Boku drink commercial?  I think we probably should.
  You got to see this.
  You got to see this.
  One second, queuing it up and take it away, Richard.
  So I go to a party and I got my choice of Coke or Pepsi.
  This isn't right.
  I want a Boku, a seven fruit blend Boku.
  I mean, all this carbonation is very unsettling.
  I don't want to belch anymore.
  Belching is for babies.
  I want to be refreshed naturally, calmly.
  I mean, it's my undeniable right as a man of the 90s to clench my thirst in my own way.
  I want a Boku.
  I've had it.
  People invite me to a party.
  I'm bringing my own Boku.
  Boku fruit juice cooler from McCain.
  Is that too much to ask?  Whoa.
  Whoa.
  No, that was good.
  And there's a bunch more of them too.
  Do you think that if assuming that they go back and were friends for a long time,  was there some incident like curb-esque incident where Larry David like,  what's this?  What do you, they're like, it's a Boku.
  I brought a Boku.
  I brought my own Boku.
  It's a Boku.
  That's not, nobody's drinking Boku.
  So much is still, haven't you having enough of carbonation?  It's an insult to the people hosting the party to not have their drinks and to bring your own Boku.
  It's a full pot of bring a Boku.
  I think we could maybe pass this idea along at the very least.
  We have a way to do it.
  So Richard, do we know who's part of curving?  Sorry, Jason.
  I was going to say Richard, the setup for the episode is they go to Richard's house  and there's a garage full of Boku palettes.
  Like he's still going through it 30 years later.
  That's a great story.
  Yes.
  To reference the Boku, the Boku phenomenon of, wow, wow, boy, this is a big derail.
  You really, okay.
  So we have to change the costume then to, were you saying this already?  It's stressed out, it's neurotic Boku pitchman.
  Wow.
  All right then.
  Okay.
  And then we'll find out what was on the Boku rock sampler, that info to come.
  Okay.
  Back to the various knockoffs.
  Let's see, we got Hermony Grinder, the top student at Chog Borts.
  That's fantastic.
  Which then says at the bottom, no licensing fees.
  So I think there's a strand of these ripoffs that are designed to troll.
  Like they are, you know, they know they're being a little cheeky and getting away with  skirting the copyright.
  That might also get true.
  They get so much more like, how can we incorporate words from the title in a bizarre  like roundabout way, which is kind of what happens with Hungry Rebel Girl,  who is, if you aren't looking at it with us, this is Jennifer Lawrence clearly with a bow  and arrow and she is a hungry rebel girl.
  I like, I guess this is a Gomez Adams, but they frame him as creepy husband.
  I guess so.
  And oh, and there's that lurking spirit down there.
  That's an official spirit one.
  Video game guy.
  That's a Mario.
  Forget stranger things.
  We got to get into unusual events.
  That's fun.
  And then I'm also, I'm a fan of Don McDreadful, who is like an undead Ronald McDonald, I suppose.
  That's good.
  I mean, that's almost in the same biscuit beast where you're like, you've almost created  it.
  You've kind of created something else.
  So I give a kudos.
  Yeah, I guess that's the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the,  the ultimate if you can create your own desirable IP.
  Cause I'd watch a Don McDreadful movie.
  Sure.
  And I'd love to, yeah, meet the biscuit beast and Jason would love to marry the biscuit beast.
  Yeah.
  Now you've also got the, I categorize these as comedy.
  This is the comedy file, which is pretty dominated by Mike Myers because I mean, Austin  Powers costumes.
  I really hope they never die.
  And it's so fun to think about somebody showing up somewhere in an Austin Powers costume and  expecting a reaction.
  So here we got a men's sixties movie, Jigalow, man of mystery.
  We got a sixties groovy man who doesn't have glasses.
  I mean, he's basically just in a, like a George Washington costume without the, the powdered  wig.
  And then 60s swinger costume, Halloween groovy man, funny spy suit.
  And wait, I forgot one.
  I, well, I think of the rest of mine in this file were just the fact that there, I think  there was a real flood of love guru costumes.
  Oh, wow.
  They, I think like they, they were anticipating this, like, well, we got to get ahead of it  this time.
  And there was not much to get ahead of, perhaps similar to a general aladean.
  I found some results for the dictator general aladean costume, which did not go quite as  well as Borat in the Halloween world.
  So that's, that's some comedy in terms of things that you should not be this year.
  And especially that a little child should not be.
  I take you to the category cops.
  So I guess we're getting into baby stuff at this point.
  You know, here we have a little cop baby, little, little police bunting.
  And this is a thing I'm obsessed with is the really mundane word bunting, which is  basically if you're, you know, your baby can't like wear pants yet, like, and, and has  to just be in a bag.
  So within bagged Halloween costumes, if you're buying your baby, a baby bag, the official  phrase for that is a bunting.
  That's your vocabulary for the day.
  So this is a police bunting.
  And there's a little catchphrase that goes with it.
  Just hand over the milk and no one gets hurt.
  So the baby is the.
  Crimin?  No, no, no, no, the baby is the milk has been stolen from someone else and the baby is  trying to get it back unrelated to the fact that it's a baby.
  That baby's just doing its job.
  Yeah, I guess so.
  Unless this baby only investigates milk based crime.
  This baby has its gun trained on Serpico.
  Like you got, we told you to back off Serpico.
  You just couldn't mind your business.
  I'm also imagining a, a scar face with just giant piles of like bags of milk sticking  his face in it.
  Baby scarface.
  I mean, that's a good costume.
  Maybe that is maybe that's the idea is there are everyone's babies in this universe.
  I mean, that's a cool, like, I mean, I have, I have one baby, so that's a start.
  And if I could find other people with babies who wish to make of the full film, baby scarface.
  And I'm sorry, but my baby is going to be cast as baby scarface because we had the idea.
  Other roles are up for grabs.
  Baby Michelle Pfeiffer.
  We're open.
  I'll start casting.
  We got this, this guy who's wearing like a, like a floppy fisherman's hat with a police badge.
  On it.
  Kind of like if Gilligan was a police officer.
  This one says you're never too young for the force.
  Followed by outfit closes with snaps for easy diaper changing.
  I don't mean to give you more ideas here, but what do you think about a reboot of Gilligan's  Island where he's a police officer?  Would you do it?  Sounds good to me.
  Is it just that he like, it's the same thing.
  They land on an Island, but he decides to be the law and order.
  Shipmate.
  It doesn't, he doesn't have a boat.
  There's nothing to do with an Island.
  It's just the Gilligan is a cop.
  Yeah, it's Gilligan is a cop.
  His name is Gilligan.
  They call him Gil though.
  Okay.
  And are the other characters in it or is this like, we keep saying like a Gotham kind of thing,  where they're all spread out.
  It's an origin story.
  Yeah, it's just hell.
  Yeah.
  All right.
  So like brief, like we get to maybe see the skipper get his boat license and we get to  see a young Mr.
 Howell like doing all the scamming that gets him his riches.
  Right.
  And like, you're gonna see a movie in season three and the movie star is in it.
  Oh yeah.
  Oh, that's good.
  Yeah.
  Like, like boy, wouldn't it wouldn't mind being stranded somewhere with her.
  Right.
  That's the voice of a British playing American, a British playing Brooklyn voice guy who is  Gilligan in this.
  And Gilligan is hot.
  And by the series finale, he has planted a gun on all the castaways.
  And when once they're all being transported, he's like, all right,  we're getting on this boat to Rikers Island.
  And that's when they wash up.
  Oh, they're all, they've all been rounded up by crooked cop Gilligan.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  And then as opposed to the theme song where the shipwreck is handled in about two seconds,  this is like a full episodes worth of CGI tossing and turning digital storms.
  We have to finally render the storm the way it was meant to be seen.
  I'm in this.
  We should all get together and make the extremely serious.
  Is it just called Gilligan?  Does Gilligan wait?  We've talked about this to Gilligan have a first name.
  Well, we looked it up and I've already forgot.
  We knew this came up in fact every six months, we forget everything.
  We forget what skipper means versus captain.
  We forget all of it.
  I know we've done all this.
  What's Gilligan's first name?  Damn it.
  Skipper steers.
  Skipper does the pushing and the steering.
  But skipper outranks Gilligan is what I'm saying.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  You're still not sure.
  I don't know if he does have a name.
  So is it just the show just called Minnow?  Minnow is good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  That's a good even though we don't get to the Minnow until season eight.
  Oh, what about calling it three hour tour?  That's a little half, but it's such a slow build.
  It's not bad.
  Three hour tour is what you can call a lot of our episodes as well.
  Yeah.
  I mean, the best actually though, we wanted to be afraid to run Gilligan,  but calling it because we remember we went through all this.
  The skipper's real name is Jonas Grumby.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Of course, it's Jonas Grumby.
  So the show being well, maybe the skipper centric spinoff is called Grumby.
  Oh yeah, for sure.
  Not Gumby, Grumby.
  You know, I was in the baby territory.
  Do we want to look at some more baby buntings?  Yeah, sure.
  Go for it.
  Great.
  Great.
  And if you have babies, toss them in the mix.
  I have like, they're a little older than babies.
  Is that okay?  I think that's okay.
  Well, we'll close out babies because once you can wear pants more comfortably,  then you graduate from the buntings, but it limits you.
  What can you be that's a bag?  Well, a bag can be a burrito.
  This is officially licensed.
  This is a Taco Bell shredded chicken seven layer burrito.
  And again, when you talk about that Photoshoppery,  this is a position that I've been with a baby and I know this is true.
  No baby could hold this position.
  This is not a way that a baby can physically be.
  Yeah.
  And the head is not.
  The head is cut off by this burrito.
  Where's the rest of his skull?  Yeah, it's gone.
  It's missing.
  They chopped off this baby's head.
  This is by the way, a good costume if it looks like this in real life.
  It's just, I feel like assembled, this can't look this good,  because especially because the baby cannot stand like this.
  We're looking at basically like a printed out version of the layers.
  Like there's the bean part and the rice part and the shredded lettuce part.
  But like that's got to be full of scan lines.
  That's going to be the worst printing quality.
  Yeah.
  Doing this cheaply, there's no way that's going to look good.
  And also it's going to get puked on and this costume is going to be off in eight minutes.
  This Spock, this Star Trek Spock is one of the most disturbing things I've ever seen.
  So he's in a bag.
  He's in a bag that is meant to recall the uniforms.
  But then like he's in a wig, like a headpiece with the big Spock ears,  but then they drew eyebrows on him, which doesn't seem right.
  And then I was talking to Erin about this, like you can't put eyebrows on a baby.
  She said, actually makeup is safe.
  I think we could, like we could put fake eyebrows on our boy if we wanted to.
  And of course that did make me want to.
  Just for normal times, not even Halloween.
  Oh yeah.
  Just like one day.
  All right.
  It's Eyebrow Thursday.
  Stop squirming.
  Erin, look who's mad at you.
  Look who's mad at what you've been doing.
  Well, if you give him kind of like frazzled, stressed out eyebrows and put a wig on him,  it's like fuzzy long hair, then he could be baby Richard Lewis.
  That's the idea, I think.
  Not enough for Richard Lewis costumes.
  We already saw this Batman.
  This little rocket ship is pretty genuinely adorable.
  That's just good.
  With no arms poking out.
  I guess this is like a swaddle.
  I'm through this phase already, but yeah, if you need to just wrap them up.
  Yes, we've trapped our baby in this rocket ship.
  I like this original IP.
  Baby Derek the Dinosaur.
  Is that Barney?  No, it's Derek.
  No, oh, it's Derek.
  No, Jason, come on.
  Oh, original.
  Okay.
  He's got spikes.
  Barney doesn't have spikes.
  This one's very confusing.
  Bunting home run costume.
  Jesus.
  What we're looking at here is a baby in a backwards cap and then a baseball  uniform, but then the bottom half of him is just a big floppy baseball.
  What's the scenario that leads to this?  Is the baseball very big or is it regular sized and the baseball player is very small?  I think this is what happens when a big baseball fan gets his wish.
  He, his wife gives birth to half baby, half baseball.
  I think this is a dream come true.
  Or if you had intercourse with a woman who is dressed like a sexy baseball player or umpire,  this could be the results in a perfect way in a world where magic is possible.
  That's right.
  This is what the monkey Paul, we like, oh man, I wanna  I want to have sex with that woman.
  She's dressed like a sexy baseball player.
  I love, I just love baseball so much and I'm so scared to have a kid.
  I don't know if I could do it.
  I don't know if I'm a responsibility.
  If only a kid was as simple as a beautiful little baseball.
  One finger goes down.
  One finger goes down.
  That's a monkey.
  That's a monkey's mitt.
  We, it's a baseball themed.
  Now my son and I, we don't play catch.
  He is the catch.
  What a beautiful thing.
  Being at the ultrasound and like, all right, I guess I'm scared.
  I don't know.
  I'm scared to be a dad, but I'll go find out if it's a boy or a girl.
  And then the doctor like, wait a minute.
  I, what's that?  I see stitching.
  Home run.
  And then like the disappointment if it's like we see a racquetball.
  I'll still love you.
  Is there like a surgery we could do?  Please doc, help me.
  Poor sports fan, man.
  This is nice.
  This is an episode of a really lame, slightly sports tinge Twilight Zone.
  Twilight Zone sports edition.
  So I don't even remember what this is.
  Is he a worm?  Yeah, that's a flesh nightmare.
  That's a, yeah, this is, that's rough.
  Yeah, this is what happens if you have a child in within incest.
  You get weird floppy flesh being.
  Is it a turd?  Oh my God.
  It kind of looks like a, yeah, it's kind of like a skin colored piece of poop.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  You.
  All right.
  Well, let's try to erase this forever.
  Here's a baby that's a, a turkey on a platter.
  That's cute.
  This I think, no.
  What?  No, it's not.
  You just see turkey on a table and you start watering from the mouth.
  Ding, ding, ding.
  Ring the dinner bell.
  That's cute.
  All right.
  I guess we got to do the poll on this one.
  Is this cute?  I don't think it's cute.
  Babies are to be eaten.
  Look, I'm not Tom Hanks or Hillary Clinton.
  I don't believe that babies are to be eaten.
  They put the babies on the silver platter.
  They eat them.
  What's the thing that makes you boy like, oh boy, eating a turkey,  it just makes me so tired because it's full of all that Adrena chrome.
  I just nap the whole rest of Thanksgiving.
  Also that this one has like little like lace, like it's a, what are the belts?  The thing that you at stupid weddings do the like the man takes the belt off the woman's leg.
  The garter belt.
  The garter belt.
  The thing we definitely did not do with like the, where the band blow.
  Wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah.
  I mean, look, sorry if you're listening to this and you had a wedding where that happened,  but like that's the thing, at least with Aaron that comes up.
  And then are you guys going to do the belt and the fuck?  No.
  Did you do that at your prom?  Did you guys?  Yes.
  Yes.
  Did you?  My prom date senior year had the flu and she's like, I'm not doing it here.
  Like just handed it to me.
  Wait, did you, you're not talking, you didn't do a ceremony where it's removed from her leg.
  Yes.
  Oh, the room, the whole class.
  Yes.
  We had to do that.
  What are you talking about?  What?  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yes.
  That's, that's very inappropriate.
  I agree with you.
  Yeah.
  A lot of people went with friends and acquaintances, no romance involved.
  So it was like super weird.
  A lot of people were like, nah, I'm sitting this out.
  Oh yeah.
  If you go with a friend and then you got to take off her garter belt.
  Wait, what do you mean?  Do they all like line up?  I didn't go to prom full disclosure.
  So I wouldn't know.
  My memory of it is like hazy and like, like I was nervous.
  It is.
  Yeah.
  It's a good choice of words.
  It is like a hazing.
  I don't know who the hazer is because everyone is being hazed, but like there's like a handful  of actual serious 18 year old couple or it's like we've been dating since we were 13 and  it's like, they're really into it.
  And it's just like everyone else is just like, oh God.
  Is that still for the younger listeners?  Is that still happening?  Cause it does.
  Honestly, you just jogged the memory that I've completely forgot.
  It's also like, you know, then you get into like same sex couple territory.
  Like everybody has to do this garter belt exercise.
  What are you talking about?  This is, does everybody just like line up in a, like on it, like, is it just a bunch  of chairs and then everybody's gotta get down?  Kind of.
  Hey, usually we try to make little edits seamless.
  We had to step away because Mike got a phone call, but in this case, I have to say that  amid that discussion of the garter belts at prom, I stepped out and I said hi to Aaron,  my wife, and I said that we're in there talking about how I like it.
  Prom, you would take off your dates garter belt.
  Did you do that at prom?  And much like she said when it came up about our wedding, she said, fuck no.
  And then followed that by that's some Midwest bullshit in California.
  That shit didn't fly even in the nineties.
  Quote Aaron.
  She also apologized if she alienated any Midwest listeners.
  But yeah, we did it in the Northeast too.
  Thank you very much.
  After we took the expensive limo that was well stocked with soda, but the TV was broken.
  I'm remembering this now.
  And I think if I'm correct, my, when I went to junior prom, my date ran away.
  What?  Instead of having this happen.
  Oh, no, not from you from this horrible show.
  Well, from me in this instance.
  I mean, but you, you weren't part of this barbaric, uh, like, no, I wasn't like auction.
  You get besked here.
  This is, I think I might've been like a little bit like embarrassed by that.
  Even though in hindsight, of course, yeah, like, I don't know.
  What are we 16?  Like, this is everyone's underage.
  It sucks.
  It's really weird.
  Everyone's under age.
  Sex was like in the media.
  It was 24 seven in the media, but also very shameful.
  I mean, in the fashion of the time, it's like women, they're like, yeah, wear a nice dress  and put a pair of jeans under it.
  It's just like, this was a crazy time to grow up and come of age.
  Nowadays kids got only fans.
  Kids got only fans.
  They got porn.
  Kids.
  You know, gender's fluid.
  Everything.
  Everyone seems like they're having either everyone's having sex or no one's having sex.
  What is this?  I don't know.
  It's just, I'm saying it seems better.
  It seemed you don't know how good you have.
  Like you can just look up stuff on your phone.
  If you have a question, you can answer it in seconds.
  Find a supportive community.
  Yes.
  If you have like a fascination or a curiosity about something, you can look it up and find  probably some results that don't say you are a freak for feeling this way.
  Here is a Baptist group that will beat this desire out of you.
  Yes.
  No, no, no.
  In that regard, things are much better.
  I hope that in 2020, underage people are not made to line up in some bizarre burlesque show.
  It's not a phrase I use very often, but this prom thing is far too  body.
  This is too body to stand.
  I hope this is criminalized.
  I agree.
  This is weird.
  God, that's bizarre.
  I really have blocked that out and probably because of the junior prom incident where  I felt like shame, shamed.
  Everyone should feel this is like I felt too awkward to like put my hands on somebody's hips.
  Now, several years later, like after like a middle school day, you have to like,  all right, now, well, now we've stepped it up.
  And now what you have to do is like take a little like lazy thing off of a girl.
  This is awful.
  This is these big we're too young here.
  People should not be wearing leg Avenue type wardrobe.
  Yeah, I am curious though, if if people other people did this.
  Yeah, well, let us know if you did unless that triggers severe trauma to remember having done.
  Yes.
  Good point.
  This entire episode will make some people just like, like go to a bad place and convulse.
  Yick.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  Just Godspeed.
  If you're coming to me, if you're an adolescent coming of age in the era of like  iPhones and social media and Donald Trump, like Godspeed.
  God bless.
  I it's a lot.
  I it's yeah, it's it's it's too much coming.
  Being in high school around 9 11 war on terror was already a fucking nightmare.
  Like I well into anyone, if you're hearing this and that message,  and that means that not only are you dealing with that kind of thing and the climate that we're in,  but also you are as a under 18 person interested in a podcast, a theme park podcast  where people do extended runs about young Grundy the grumber grumpy,  which is the real name of the skipper on killing.
  Like you're completely socially screwed if you're, if you're hearing this right now.
  Sorry.
  Apologies.
  We were you once.
  The little one finds an excuse.
  The little one finds an excuse to talk like a carny every other episode.
  It's great.
  It's so what do you think you want to get a subscription to it's the second gate.
  They call it the cemetery gate for Halloween.
  It's pretty fun.
  This is a conversation that is not happening.
  No.
  There are no 15 year olds.
  Also, I like that we've been having this discussion about this bizarre proms ritual  while looking at a cloth to Turkey on top of a baby on a banquet table.
  It's just been on my desktop for 15 minutes.
  We got to get out of here, but well, not before looking at this little boy  in a, in a popcorn bag bunting, which has an old timey movie camera on it.
  And then he's wearing like a fuzzy hat wig that is popcorn.
  Yeah, that's just cute.
  I think that's cute.
  The hat, the helmet is weird.
  It doesn't really look like popcorn.
  It mean it looks like, um, uh, which, um, stooge curly, I guess.
  It looked a bit curly.
  Yes.
  Oh wait, am I thinking of no, no, no, not curled?  No.
  And Mark's brothers.
  I, uh, I get the whole heart.
  Are you talking about Harpo?  I'm talking about Harpo.
  Yeah.
  Um, I don't feel that bad that I get those confused.
  That's probably for the best that I'm not huge on any of this.
  Mark's brother's better than these dudes.
  Yeah, I think that's great.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, speaking of old timey stuff, look at this baby.
  Hey, hey, it's baby bugs.
  He is.
  See, I'm going to sing sing juvie division.
  See, that is the most Photoshop thing I've ever seen.
  Yes.
  And there's no such baby.
  Not impossible way to sit up.
  I I'm too young for a gun, but I'm pointing my hand in a gun as question.
  See that might be a doll that they Photoshopped to make more realistic.
  Hey, I'm I'm teething.
  Hey, would you mind if I, uh, sucked on some jewels?  Doesn't let me stop them.
  Baby bugs.
  He is now appeared on the podcast.
  Little baby bugsy animated show coming soon.
  Um, okay.
  What, uh, I do, I do, I've been talking, I've been leading the, this horrifying photo  slideshow for a while.
  Is there anything else you guys are?  Let me just give you a grab bag here.
  Sure.
  Some things.
  Uh, yeah, this is a brand that I like, and I didn't see if there were many more, but  I like this branding of the, so this is like encompasses a whole line, perhaps of items.
  Uh, this is the beatnik scene brand.
  Speaking of unrelatable things.
  The beatnik scene and it's a beret.
  So I assume beatnik scene exists and you can be all different types of beatniks.
  Uh, I don't know who wants that.
  Beatnik scene.
  Now, if we're, if we're really going to appeal to the younger kids, I want everyone to know  that Gilligan before was on, uh, a show called Dobie Gillis and he played a beatnik.
  Hopefully Maynard G Krebs is his character's name.
  That's the thing my parents talked about for sure.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  That's, uh, my mom talks about that a couple of times a week still that looms large, uh,  in her mind.
  Oh, you know, I missed, well, yeah, let me do this.
  I missed this one.
  Uh, this is not the mad hatter.
  This is the delightful hatter.
  Oh, there's a leg Avenue from leg Avenue.
  The delightful hatter, not mad.
  That's a better thing to be.
  Your head together.
  Let's do, uh, yeah, let me just do a couple of kid costumes and then I think I'm good.
  Uh, let's start with this, which is just, uh, just cute, honestly.
  And we, it's a child, Mr.
 Mailman, an official USP license.
  USPS costume.
  Wow.
  Save our democracy by buying this Mr.
 Postman costume.
  Yes.
  Your toddler.
  And then let's, this is probably the, my favorite thing that I found.
  And you tell me, I think, I think you will agree.
  This is Dr.
 Littles.
  The child doctor, Dr.
 Littles.
  Again, original IP.
  Yes.
  This is not Doogie Howser.
  It's Dr.
 Littles.
  That's my favorite thing I found.
  Um, oh, what a, yeah.
  Cute kid too.
  Wow.
  Good for Dr.
 Littles and he's younger than Doogie.
  He made it through, made it through little metal medical school even faster.
  That's right.
  Wow.
  Oh yeah.
  Dr.
 Littles is king is my king.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Uh, um, let's see.
  I had some more in the, uh, in the, uh, sexy category.
  Um, I don't have to go through all of these, but, uh, um, I like that's a good off-brand,  uh, uh, naughty napping princess, which I guess is, uh, Mario.
  Um, Harley, wait.
  No, it's Sleeping Beauty.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, wait, you're right.
  Oh, yeah.
  Napping.
  I guess I just, it's very like Daisy, uh, or Pete.
  I get them confused too.
  It's a good, um, uh, you've also got a sexy Beetlejuice who has got the juice.
  Um, Harley Quinn is presented as daddy's little disaster.
  Um, let's see.
  Spooky family daughter.
  We saw cruel villain, a couple of, a couple of rays, galaxy rebel and human space scavenger.
  Um, but the weirdest one, uh, despicable human costume, which is, uh, like overall,  it's, I mean, it's clearly like mini you're a sexy minion.
  Um, which why, right?  I don't, I'm, I don't know the psychological profile of being interested in a sexy minion.
  Um, well, we'd have to, you might leap to that assumption, but I don't want to, um,  we should, we'll, we'll discuss it.
  Okay.
  We'll ask him.
  Uh, and then this is pretty inexplicable.
  A sexy tariff.
  Mr.
 Trump.
  Mr.
 Sir.
  Uh, a distant trade war is upon us.
  Will you resist it?  Show off your assets and be the hottest import in town with this exclusive sexy tariff costume.
  Um, made in the USA.
  No way.
  Absolute lies.
  No way.
  No way at all.
  None of these are made at the US.
  Because if this was an imported good, not made in the USA, that's kind of odd.
  Um, I also found the same company Yandy makes a, uh, a sexy mail-in ballot.
  So they're there with the 2020 topical.
  Oh, well, here, well, maybe that, that takes us into  2020 topical.
  Um, because.
  Oh, oh, yes.
  Oh, I was going to say I have some grabby points.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Let's grab baguette too.
  But go, do you want me to do it now?  Um, I, it's up to you.
  I, I, well, I might, I might take it into a topical direction after this.
  So do you want to, you want to grab baguette?  Yeah, let me just, I just have three real quick.
  Um, so I will share the screen.
  Um, this one is very poetic, Mike.
  I'm surprised you didn't have this one, uh, pubescent frog of silent war,  which is this is a TV.
  That seems fake.
  That seems fake.
  That's a troll.
  I think that's of that variety of, uh, uh, her, her main, uh, grinder.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  That's insane.
  This one I am thinking of, uh, doing a lawsuit because it's a title that I also hold.
  Uh, governor of taste.
  That's sky Fieri.
  Oh, a bagged guy Fieri.
  That's incredible.
  Yeah.
  The mayor of flavor town.
  Now the governor of taste.
  And then this one kind of circles back around to one from earlier,  but it asks a lot more questions than it answers.
  So this is deluxe blue 60 swinger costume from then.
  So it seems like a copyright free Austin powers, right?  But it's under the header Austin powers costumes.
  The other thing about it.
  And I thought the appeal of bagged Halloween costumes is you get everything in one bag,  but this is just the suit.
  You have to buy the wig and the glasses separately.
  Boo.
  Also a common element of all these things.
  You so often do not get every item depicted on that bag.
  Right.
  There is the scam.
  That is what these leg avenues are pulling on us.
  Right.
  Hmm.
  And then the final, maybe the most perplexing part of this one,  items out of stock until October 30th.
  Now you're really playing with fire if you're trying to get it by October 30th.
  You know, I need it for my zoom Halloween.
  Yeah.
  Maybe I'll get everyone to delay their zoom Halloween until November.
  We have to hold it till after the election.
  Everybody's too stressed out for Halloween.
  For sure.
  Oh, wait.
  Well, which takes us right into the election related things.
  We are barreling towards it and they can't always use the candidates names.
  So that leaves us with comb over candidate,  which I just realized says under it, similar to human hair.
  Kind of like the real guy.
  Right.
  Close, but no cigar.
  In that category, here's billionaire presidential candidate mask.
  We got, I mean, this just says Trump 2020 face mask,  but this is the scariest.
  Oh, my God.
  That's how we thought he would look coming out of the hospital.
  I think COVID.
  Had he not been so doped up?  Yeah.
  And then other topical folks.
  Here's balding old man wig, which is clearly meant to be Bernie.
  But I feel like this in other years was probably just like a Benjamin Franklin  or like a Thomas Edison or something.
  He's also wearing little glasses like what Santa Claus would wear.
  But it might just be that guy's glasses, though.
  That's just what he brought.
  And then this is a specific subsect.
  This guy gets a little artsy.
  He's like an auteur of this area.
  He lists his own name, Chuck Jarman, and he combines presidents with other themes  such as Reagan Stein, Frankenstein Reagan, Barocula, a vampire.
  This is a depiction of how half the country sees Barack Obama.
  And then next to that, G.
W.
 of the Apes, which is a genuinely affecting haunting.
  This could be in Anomalisa or something.
  This is very well crafted, but a very forlorn ape, George W.
 Bush.
  Isn't this emotional?  This is like a work of art.
  Yeah, really.
  That's got to be the first post on Twitter.
  Yeah, we'll put that front and center.
  Good job, Chuck Jarman.
  And then some other topical stuff.
  Daughter in chief wig.
  That's your Ivanka.
  And then this is really inexplicable.
  Fly hair don't care.
  VP debate costume.
  Wow.
  They really turned that out.
  I guess it doesn't take much.
  And so fast that I suspect that this was a different costume at one point  because it's a guy with it's a very cheap, just kind of like cotton wig.
  That's just a jet silver.
  And then there's a bug up in it, which I suspect is photoshopped,  and they're just going to take a stockpile of old spiders  and maybe clip a couple legs and it becomes a fly.
  And then he's got his jet silver beard as well, like Pence.
  Pence and his silver beard.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah, of course.
  Was this a most interesting man in the world?  Oh, right.
  I bet that's right.
  Yes.
  Got pence-ified very quickly.
  That's correct.
  Like, if you buy it, do you also get the beard?  I don't think it's removable, so I think you have to.
  Yeah.
  But I think it's, I like this title a lot because I think it's hard to depict  Pence as cool in any way during that fly scenario.
  So describing him as fly hair don't care.
  Look, they had to get this turned around.
  I don't want to be in a bad reputation.
  Like that's, you know, that's how I look at it.
  Pence is too busy talking about the issues to worry about some stupid fly.
  And he's cool enough.
  He's got enough swag.
  He knows.
  I got to look into that.
  I will look into see if we can find the exact same costume without the fly.
  This is the exact same way again, the beard.
  I would imagine somewhere.
  Anyway, that takes us through at least what I gathered.
  And, you know, fly hair don't care brings us into, you know, we've been going long.
  We don't have to do this forever and ever, but it seems like we.
  Should do a little bit of like thought exercise.
  If we want to cash in on the events of the fun, fun year, 2020 and do some topical  Halloween costume comedy, but we can't attain any of the licenses.
  What do we what can we call these things?  How do we how do we be leg Avenue beach leg Avenue and get away with some scams?  I have a list of possible 2020 things that we could do costumes of.
  So you want you want me to throw a couple out and we'll see if we can if we can crack it.
  Sure.
  Sure.
  Great.
  Okay.
  I mean, let's start with we were talking in that Beetlejuice episode.
  Who is like the easy target?  Who can you make fun of?  Like you could Paris Hilton and somebody answered on Twitter and they were correct.
  It's obviously the Tiger King and Carole Baskin.
  Who are those people?  And there are a lot of those costumes, but how but we don't have the license.
  What do we call them?  Let's see here.
  Tiger.
  I mean, I don't want to be too clever about it.
  You know, that's the first thing.
  That's there always a little clinical.
  Yes.
  Yeah.
  So you could do like just go one off and it's like predator royalty.
  Mm hmm.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
  Furry creature ruler.
  Sure.
  Yes.
  Karen Baskin.
  Which could masquerade as just a general Karen costume because that's probably going  to be a big thing of the year.
  Oh, right, right, right.
  That's good.
  That's good.
  I'm into that.
  Could you like insert more of the title like King of  Um, like King of, you know, the tiger esque business practices.
  King of Large Cats is good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  King of Large Cats adult adult costume.
  I feel like that's what it might be.
  It's this is a little bit in the past, but he's coming back soon.
  Baby Yoda.
  Little guy.
  Little green guy.
  Little green pal.
  That's maybe where you could just use the child.
  Like they can't copyright that.
  Right.
  Like for the first time ever, people will use the actual name.
  How about little Udle?  You, Y, O, O, D, L, E.
  Little Udle.
  Could you do like you, you, you, the best baby.
  Or just you, the baby.
  Yeah.
  That's good.
  What about burning up the charts, burning up the streets, the Fleetwood Mac TikTok guy,  the guy drinking the juice.
  Cranberry Skateboard Group.
  No, Cranberry Skateboard Group.
  That's pretty good.
  Yeah.
  Cranberry Classic Rock Enthusiast.
  Cranberry King.
  Juice Dreamer.
  I think you got it.
  Yes.
  Yeah, that's it.
  And a nice little nod to the juice demon as well.
  Right.
  What about a bottle of juice doesn't come with it?  Yes.
  Separate.
  And it's more expensive than just buying a bottle of juice.
  And on the thing, on the bag, he's drinking like sea blast.
  It's not ocean spray, it's sea blast.
  It's not beaucoup.
  Certainly not.
  Funny you say that.
  I do think we gotta keep bringing our A game because occasionally they do come up with  something funny like this.
  Adult White Clam Seltzer Costume.
  Oh, White Clam.
  White Clam, yes.
  This is White Claw.
  Yes.
  Can I share that?  Natural Slime.
  Natural Slime's pretty good.
  Spiked Sea Water, as you said.
  So maybe that's more 2019, but still very popular in 2020.
  And pretty affordable, $29.
99.
  If you needed something in a pinch.
  Wow, God, we could get in on this, it feels like.
  Well, I think one of these, or all of these.
  I think there's two versions of this.
  There's the one where we like them and the one where we don't like them.
  I'm talking about Dr.
 Fauci.
  Oh, right, okay.
  If you approve of him, then is he.
.
.
  Daddy Doctor?  Doctor.
  Yeah, Doctor Hunk, McHunky.
  Yeah, like, yeah.
  Social.
.
.
  Doctor Hero.
  Doctor Hero is good.
  Social Distance Daddy.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
  But what if.
.
.
  Oh, feel free if you have it.
  But if you were of the point of view that this guy is an idiot,  he doesn't know what he's talking about.
  I mean, once this guy said you don't have to wear masks,  and then he got new research and scientific recommendations,  and he changed his mind like a flip-flopper.
  If you think Fauci is an idiot, what do you.
.
.
  Doctor Fake-Chi.
  Fake-Chi.
  Doctor Flip-Flop.
  Doctor Flip-Flop is good.
  That's good.
  Doctor Fun-Runer.
  Yeah.
  Doctor Lockdown.
  Doctor Cure Worse Than the Cause.
  Doctor Don't Reopen.
  Doctor Liar.
  And you just repurpose Pinocchio noses along with glasses.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
  Let's see.
  What else is on my list?  What about.
.
.
  Oh, here's a good one.
  One of the big hit movies of the year, iconic film of 2020,  King of Staten Island, which could also sort of.
.
.
  Because it is his story.
  If you were doing a Pete Davidson costume.
  Does he play Pete in the movie?  I haven't seen it.
  I forget.
  I don't think I know.
  They change it.
  It is not.
.
.
  His father does not die in 9-11 in the film.
  This is a thing I know.
  It's just a different fire.
  Um, yeah.
  Okay.
  David Peterson.
  Oh, you flip.
.
.
  Yeah.
  Dave Peterson.
  Dave Peterson.
  That's good.
  The King of Brooklyn or something.
  New Jersey.
  Yeah, it's Jersey.
  Sorry.
  New Jersey Royal.
  Tattoo New Jersey Man.
  Tattoo New Jersey Duke.
  Like tall tattoo.
.
.
  Then what?  Tall tattoo Titan.
  That's good with the alliteration.
  Yeah.
  And what could.
.
.
  I mean, if you remember anything else about 2020,  but what could take us out?  I got one.
  Nine Nin.
  It's the tenant.
  It's just kind of a suit.
  It's just kind of a slim fitting suit.
  It's like tenant where it's the same forwards and backwards.
  Are you a sketch?  Is that a sketch of it or is that a piece of.
.
.
  I was trying to write out the palindrome of like,  well, what is nine?  Because it's got 10.
  What is.
.
.
  How would you do it with nine?  Right.
  So nine Nin, which is nine forwards and backwards.
  It's no, no, no.
  Don't sue us, Nolan.
  It's not ten and it's ten and it's nine Nin.
  Nine Nin.
  I was also just thinking besides the generic names that sexy version,  like sexy tariff and sexy mail-in ballot,  are there any sexy 2020 things that we would like to.
.
.
  I mean, the one that occurred to me,  I think the hit of the Zoom party is going to be going as Jeffrey Toobin's penis.
  I mean, that's the ultimate topical.
  And it's also already built in to be dirty.
  You know, you could also.
.
.
  We could make a killing real fast.
  I think it's already too late,  but if we'd been quicker on the draw,  we could have quickly wholesale bought some penis pasta  and repackaged it as Toobin's penis pasta tubes.
  Wow, you're right.
  Oh, you're right.
  I think we could still do this, right?  Penis pasta tubes.
  T-O-O-B-S.
  And you know what you top that with?  Rudy's red sauce.
  You know, you got all the perverts in there.
  It doesn't come in a jar, it comes in pants that have to be unbuckled.
  Yeah.
  Tuck into this delicious flavor.
  How about.
.
.
  Go see Borat.
  Watch Borat 2 for Borat's subsequent movie film on Amazon Prime  by our friend Jason Waller.
  How about postmaster general Louis DeJoy  having sex with a mailbox because he fucked the post office up so bad?  How about that?  Take that, Louis.
  You asshole.
  Pretty good, I think.
  Oh, man.
  I want to.
.
.
  I have the mechanics of that, too, seeing a big weird floppy cloth.
  Yeah.
  Um, honey, I ruined the washing machine when I machine washed my.
.
.
  Louis DeJoy fucking a mailbox costume?  My Louis DeJoy cloth mailbox.
  Yeah, well, I mean, those are pretty good.
  We could probably.
.
.
  We could close it there.
  I'm sorry we're too late on all this.
  If you have any costume building skills yourself at home  and are looking for something to do on a Zoom call,  you have our permission because you're already paying us here  across the cemetery gate, which you survived.
  Haunt cast the fright you survived.
  So feel free.
  Those are all free for you, but don't let non-patrons use them.
  Yes.
  I think the world is going to be full of these.
.
.
  Jeffrey Tubin's penises come next week.
  Oh, I guess this week, sorry, which is Halloween week.
  I.
.
.
 yeah, just like anywhere where costumes are allowed,  people like multiple.
.
.
  People who are both dressed as DeJoy fucking the post office  are going to meet and fall in love.
  You too?  The kinship.
  You were DeJoy.
  I was Tony Bubolinski.
  Oh, Bubolinski.
  We forgot about Tony.
  Oh, right.
  Tony Italian.
  I don't understand what he is or the scandal at all.
  So you have to tell me.
  The big man.
  The big.
.
.
 he's got a thing that says big man.
  The big man.
  Big man.
  I was dressed as Tony Bubolinski.
  You were in a Zoom window dressed as sexy Lev Parnas.
  And we locked eyes.
  Even though we were in different box, you weren't in the same.
.
.
  I wasn't in the same box that you were in.
  It's confusing.
  Very confusing.
  I guess sexy Hunter's laptop.
  That's good.
  Yeah.
  I'm sure how you do that.
  Maybe that one's not sexy.
  Maybe that's just.
.
.
  That's a child's costume.
  Because you're laptop sized.
  You could do it as a bunting.
  Yes.
  All right.
  So Hunter's laptop bunting.
  Cummings.
.
.
  Well, if we don't get around to it this year, it's okay because it'll still be relevant  for many years to come because it is the biggest scandal in American history  and it will not stand.
  That's right.
  So folks, if you're as mad about the laptop as us, vote Trump next week and.
.
.
  No, I'm not.
  Election day, November 4th, folks.
  It sounds right.
  I won't look it up.
  Vote early, vote often.
  And vote for quality content by continuing to subscribe to Podcasts  throughout the second gate, which will get unspooked-ified next week.
  Right?  Yeah.
  Fun coming in November.
  Less scary fun.
  Or the following.
  It kind of depends on how we're doing.
  Depends on distribution.
  Yeah.
  It's going to be good.
  Thanks.
  Thanks for listening.
  Happy Halloween and happy Election Day.
  Bye.
